Brian Hoskins
08/11/2000 10:58 AM
A new book that says men may beat their wives has caused an outcry in
Turkey.
The Guardian newspaper reports that "The Muslim's Handbook," written by
retired cleric Kemil Gubran, advised men not to hit too hard and to avoid
the face. It also said that if a man's wife is ill and he can't afford a
servant, he could take a second wife.
The book was published by the state-funded Pious Foundation, which is
affiliated with Turkey's religious directorate. In the past decade, the
directorate -- which appoints Muslim clerics and dictates topics for
mosques -- has been presenting a modern interpretation of Islam to include
expanded roles and rights for women.
"I am outraged that such a book was published with state funds, with
money women paid in taxes," said Zuhal Krilic, the head of Kader, a group
promoting women in politics.
A book published in Spain several weeks ago also said a Muslim man could
beat his wife -- and included tips and instructions -- although it
counseled that the best way to bring a woman in line was through verbal abuse.
17 players on the roster
Are we going to increase the total number of players on the roster since we 
are now starting an extra player?
Starting Lineups for the league will include
1 QB
2 RB
3 WR
1 TE
1 K
1 Def
for hector, lenny and brian
1 Quarterback (he throws the ball)
2 Running Backs (they run the ball)
3 Wide Receivers (they catch ball)
1 Tight End (they catch and block)
1 Kicker
1 Defensive team
what about smu area?
Well, the closest one I know is the Crescent Court and that is REAL nice and
REAL expensive.  There are La Quintas and other shitty places scattered all
around there.  Of course in Downtown Dallas you could probably find quite a
few decent places to stay and that is real close to the cotton bowl.  Here
are some other possibilities:
d=DFW%20BRI%20&HName=BRISTOL%20HOUSE%20SUITES&Rating=3.0&Return=Prev
d=DFW%20WYNA&HName=WYNDHAM%20ANATOLE&Rating=4.0&Return=Prev
Saturday would be good for me if you can squeeze it in.  I am going to see
Dad tonight.  I will be there at about 7.
Where are you going to be, that puts you on that side of town?
I can do the tv but I am busy all weekend so, if I can do it next week let
me know.  I might be able to squeeze it in on Saturday b/c I will be out
that way.
On another note, do you know of any hotels in the cotton bowl area in
Dallas?
Laura Harder@
08/09/2000 04:53 PM
Lordy! Lordy!
Please help us celebrate Ed's 40th Birthday!!
HAPPY HOUR
Ninfa's - Allen Center
Friday (8/11) 4:00 
Please let me know if I've forgotten anybody 
Thanks,
Laura Harder
Ext 3-1994
Starting Lineups for the league will include
1 QB
2 RB
3 WR
1 TE
1 K
1 Def
for hector, lenny and brian
1 Quarterback (he throws the ball)
2 Running Backs (they run the ball)
3 Wide Receivers (they catch ball)
1 Tight End (they catch and block)
1 Kicker
1 Defensive team
dinner is fine too.  is jason going to make it?
Oh, I was thinking of dinner.  What would you want for lunch? LU-M