This message is confidential. It may also contain information that is
privileged or otherwise legally exempt from disclosure. If you have
delete it from your system; should also not copy the message nor
disclose its contents to anyone. Many thanks.
- att1.unk
The Alley is NOT holding any tickets for me.  All I want to know is whether 
"McKeogh" at "713-664-3207" has a ticket for a performance on Friday, March 3 
since I do not have the tickets in front of me.  They should be able to tell 
you or just email the Box Office phone number to me. Also, I can't do 
anything about flights until I return to Houston on Monday.  Thanks.  SS
Kaye Ellis
03/01/2000 11:17 AM
I've called the Alley Theatre.  They wanted to know when the tickets were 
purchased, if they were purchased with a credit card, was a confirmation 
number given at the end of the transaction and were they for Hay Fever Since I didn't know the answer to any of his questions, I said "Can you just 
check to see if there are any tickets waiting to be picked up for McKeogh He said there were not any tickets to be picked up for McKeogh for Hay Fever 
on March 3.  He acted like there is more than one production being done.
Kaye
Does such a document exist and, if so, do you have a copy?  SS
Do you have a draft?
Shari Stack
09/10/99 02:01 PM
I am STILL waiting for it from Susan Musch from EI Tax. I will send it on 
when I finally receive it.
These guys don't play fair.  This morning the lawyer called with additional 
changes to the guaranty and L/C provisions (based on an 8/31/99 letter which 
we never received).
PLEASE send.  thanx
Sara, could you pls. fax us a copy of the ISDA document you signed and sent 
to Duke Energy Intl'.
I understand Duke never sent us their signed document. Is that right?
Fax # (5411) 4315-2514
, Julian
We have finally agreed as the content of letter and I may need Gary to sign 
it.  Do you happen to have a copy of an agreement signed between ECT (or RMT) 
and EI as to this deal?  SS
Carmen Moreno  This message is confidential. It may also contain information that is
privileged or otherwise legally exempt from disclosure. If you have
delete it from your system; should also not copy the message nor
disclose its contents to anyone. Many thanks.
- att1.unk
I will not be arriving in BA this week.  Will you be available either Sept. 
23 or 24?  I will be in Enron's BA office on those two days.  I can meet at 
your convenience 
With respect to your comments to our ISDA Schedule, please let me know when 
to expect your comments.  You previously indicated that I would receive 
comments by Sept. 10.
Also, could you please fax the article.  It was apparently scanned.  We can 
only open word documents and we cannot open the article which which was sent 
and resent on Friday, Sept. 10.
Thanks.  Sara
Greetings!  I hope that we can make certain plans to meet when I am in Sao 
Paulo and to have a telephone conversation this week.
I will arrive in Sao Paulo on Sunday, Sept. 19.  Andrea Bertone and I will be 
meeting with Jose Emilio on Monday, Sept. 20. regarding physical trading 
matters.  Would you be able to meet with me at Enron's office on either 
Tuesday or Wednesday, Sept. 21 (preferably) or Sept. 22 to discuss certain 
aspects of financial trading?  I will be able to clarify the specific issues 
this week.  I would also like to schedule a telephone call this week, say 
Wednesday or Thursday to discuss.  Please e-mail me as to whether we can meet 
in Sao Paulo.  I will try to call you today.  Let me know if you have a 
convenient time 
Sara
SamChawk@aol.com on 09/11/99 07:48:44 PM
Sara-  Happy New Year, stranger!   Hope all is well. Do you miss me?   SAM
Thank you for the message!  Let's schedule the following:
(1)  Phone call on Thursday, Sept. 16 to discuss parameters for financial 
trading discussion.  I can call you at 1 pm (Houston time) which is 3 pm (Sao 
Paulo time).
(2)  Meeting in Enron's Sao Paulo office on Tuesday, Sept. 21 in the 
morning.  Anytime is convenient for me.  Do you have a preference?  How about 
9 am?
I will not need to call you today if we can schedule our conference call and 
meeting in Sao Paulo via e-mail.  Thank you for responding promptly  .  Sara
Dear Sara:
We can meet either on the 21 or 22.  As to our prior telephone call, please 
be advised that I will be out of the office on Tuesday and Wednesday Probably the best alternative is for you to call me on Thursday afternoon.
,
Antonio Felix
>> "Sara Shackleton Greetings!  I hope that we can make certain plans to meet when I am in Sao 
Paulo
and to have a telephone conversation this week.
I will arrive in Sao Paulo on Sunday, Sept. 19.  Andrea Bertone and I will be
meeting with Jose Emilio on Monday, Sept. 20. regarding physical trading
matters.  Would you be able to meet with me at Enron's office on either 
Tuesday
or Wednesday, Sept. 21 (preferably) or Sept. 22 to discuss certain aspects of
financial trading?  I will be able to clarify the specific issues this week I
would also like to schedule a telephone call this week, say Wednesday or
Thursday to discuss.  Please e-mail me as to whether we can meet in Sao Paulo.
I will try to call you today.  Let me know if you have a convenient time.
Sara
The form of this confirmation looks good.  Is Dale amending the "auto 
termination" provision?  SS
I have attached the revised J.D. Irving deal that we discussed the ECT to ENA 
name change. Will you please review it and let me know if everything looks 
O.K.?
Thank you,
Jarrod
   See attached.