- Intro to Data Mining (3rd edition).pdf 
FYI
Vince
As of 8:00 am this morning, EWS had reached $1,204,056 in pledges, which is 94.36% of our campaign goal of $1,276,000 and our participation rate is 65.39%.  Needless to say, the campaign will continue for a few more days in order to reach 100% of the Enron goal.
If employees are having problems with the system, have them call or e-mail me with their pledge.  I can do it for them.  They will receive a confirmatory e-mail, which they can use to check for accuracy.
Below are the pledge totals and participation rates by business unit/functional group:
GROUP			PLEDGES	% Participation
EA			$202,713	68.06%
EBS			$157,800	38.95%
EEOS			$74,949		90.02%
EEL			$36,846		65.22%
EGM			$164,680	72.65%
EIM			$93,372		79.58%
ENW			$251,225	63.75%
EWS Bus. Analysis	$39,723		99.08%
EWS Bus. Dev.		$16,538		100.00%
EWS HR		$20,009		76.06%
EWS Legal		$68,367		86.96%
EWS Research		$24,853		95.65%
EWS Treasury		$17,981		100.00%
From a corporate perspective, EWS remains in 1st place in % of goal reached and is now in LAST place in participation rate.  Here are the other groups' totals:
GROUP			PLEDGES	% Participation		% of Goal
ETS			$291,399	89.87%			84.22%
Corporate		$719,772	67.44%			91.69%
EES			$424,616	67.70%			86.13%
Enron-wide		$2,639,844	68.40%			91.03%
If you have any questions, please call me at ext. 3-9053.
Eric
Sally,
We were approached a few months ago regarding this benchmarking study.
You and I decided jointly against Enron's involvement
in this project. 
They have approached us again. Any thoughts?
Vince
Vince,
We met several months ago with Peter Nance of Teknecon Energy  Risk Advisors (TERA) to discuss Enron's possible participation in our  benchmarking study.
Our original schedule has slipped, and I was wondering if you  might reconsider participating.  Here is a presentation that Peter did for  us in Washington DC where 50 companies came to learn more about the study.   Also attached is a sample list of metrics.
The kick-off meeting will be in the second week of October in  Houston.  Please let me know if Enron would be interested in joining the  study team.  We have several companies in the top 20 signed up.  I  would be happy to review the list with you over the phone.
,
Theresa Sanders
EEI's Alliance of Energy Suppliers
Tel: 202-508-5183
tsanders@eei.org
- 0621longpresbench.pdf 
- EEI metrics-short listt-finalexamples.pdf 
Theresa,
I have forwarded this message to a number of executives at Enron
and we shall meet to discuss this project.
Vince
Vince,
We met several months ago with Peter Nance of Teknecon Energy  Risk Advisors (TERA) to discuss Enron's possible participation in our  benchmarking study.
Our original schedule has slipped, and I was wondering if you  might reconsider participating.  Here is a presentation that Peter did for  us in Washington DC where 50 companies came to learn more about the study.   Also attached is a sample list of metrics.
The kick-off meeting will be in the second week of October in  Houston.  Please let me know if Enron would be interested in joining the  study team.  We have several companies in the top 20 signed up.  I  would be happy to review the list with you over the phone.
,
Theresa Sanders
EEI's Alliance of Energy Suppliers
Tel: 202-508-5183
tsanders@eei.org
- 0621longpresbench.pdf   - EEI metrics-short listt-finalexamples.pdf  
Mike,
Take a look at the comment on AGA.
Vince
RBACFinalizing Schedule in Houston
=20
Bob Brookswill be in Houstonnext week from Tuesday, August 28 through Thursday, August 30.  A few time slots are available on Thursday the 30th in the late morning and early afternoon.  Please contact Bob at 323-663-4831 or by e-mail at rebrooks@rbac.com  if you would like to schedule an appointment.
=20
From =20
Oil Companies Find Output Targets Elusive =20
Big oil companies are failing to meet production growth targets because=20
they are using up mature fields faster than they can find and develop big=20
enough new ones to replace them, according to analysts. ExxonMobil, Shell,=20
and Chevron have all missed output targets, despite the incentive of two=20
years of high oil prices. ExxonMobil planned a 3% annual growth target last=20
year but its output for the second quarter of 2001 was flat versus a year=20
ago. Shell reported that its 2nd quarter production increased by only 1%,=20
well short of the 5% target. Depletion from existing oil fields runs at an=20
average rate of about 5% per year, and that has to be replaced by an=20
equivalent amount of new production just to keep output steady. From 1998 to=20
2000 the six biggest publicly traded companies largely failed to replace the=20
oil and natural gas they produced with new reserves, after stripping out the=20
effect of acquisitions and revisions, according to Andersen management=20
consulting. BP posted one of the best performances, replacing 200% of its=20
natural gas production and 86% of its oil. Shell replaced only 42% of its=20
natural gas and 55% of its oil, according to Andersen. BP has set the most=20
ambitious production growth target of 5.5% for this year up 7% for the longer=20
term.
=20
From   (Sunday, August 19, 2001):
=20
Natural Gas Futures Dip Lower
Natural gas futures for September delivery on the NYMEX dipped $0.064 lower Friday to $3.303 per MMBtu as traders squared short positions now that Tropical Storm Chantal will miss the GulfCoast. The October contract lost $0.081 to $3.334 per MMBtu. Tropical Storm Chantal will affect the YucatanPeninsulaearly this week and then move into the central Gulf but is a nonevent. Some traders wanted their positions cleared in preparation for next week's AGA storage report as they do not trust last week's reported build of just 3 Bcf, and believe that the AGA may report a higher build this week to compensate. A lot of traders got burned by last week's report and are beginning to doubt the whole system. But, others look at the data as just a one-week blip brought about by a crescendo of events that no longer exist and do represent not a long-term shift. However, if Wednesday's AGA injection is low again this week, look for the market to rally to a higher level, but in the meantime it will be controlled by the storm entering the Gulf of Mexico. Look for support in the $3.15-$3.20 range and again at $3.00. Resistance is pegged at $3.40 and again around $3.60. Natural gas for next day delivery across the USand Canadawas generally $0.10 - $0.20 lower Friday. Natural gas for next day delivery at the Henry hub dropped $0.20 to $3.24 per MMBtu.
=20
Gulf South Hold Open Season for Gulf Pines Pipeline=20
=20
Gulf South Pipeline is planning to build a pipeline extending from MobileBayto North Carolinaif it receives enough interest. An open season for capacity on the Gulf Pines Pipeline is being currently being held. Gulf South Pipeline, formerly Koch Gateway Pipeline, is owned by Entergy-Koch. If completed, Gulf Pines would be 600 - 700 miles long, and would extend through Georgia, South Carolinaand North Carolina. Anticipating an in-service date of summer 2004, Gulf South is soliciting binding and non-binding bids for capacity on Gulf Pines through September 19th. The pipeline would offer an interconnection with Gulf South near MobileBay, allowing customers to source supply from Texasand Louisianaas well as from MobileBay. The Gulf South system also offers links to major storage and supply hubs.
=20
Gas Daily reports this proposed pipeline may have a capacity of 1 bcf per day.  It also gives the following website for additional information =20
Natural Gas Market Ponders Storage Report
=20
While some were questioning the accuracy of this week's astonishingly low natural gas storage report, others blamed Tropical Storm Barry and higher demands from new power generation load. However, both the futures and cash markets jumped. Futures closed up $0.374 the day the report was announced, and the cash market rose $0.20 - $0.40 the day after. Some chose to not believe the 3 Bcf storage fill reported by the AGA, chalking it up to bad data. The average amount injected during a week in August is over 60 Bcf. The prior week's fill was 80 Bcf. Factoring in Barry and the prolonged heat wave that week, the market had been expecting a somewhat lower number, but all had predicted something above 50 Bcf. There are various reports and theories. Buyers for northeastern utilities said they had all injected and were shocked by the minus 12 Bcf storage number reported for the East. They could not entirely dismiss it, however. They noted that in the last 4 years all the new plants that have been built are natural gas only facilities. Last week could have been a good indication of what that could mean to the market. The AGA says they checked and re-checked when they came up with the unbelievable number. The AGA's numbers have always lined up with the more extensive EIA reports. It is possible that a number of factors came together all at once, with the impact of Barry on production and an higher generation loads because of Eastern heat wave. However, the curve in the cash market has been going down. That may mean that if there is a market opportunity to move volumes from storage to a consumer right now, that could be done, assuming 4 or 5 weeks later it could be replaced at the same price or maybe even less. Also, there is speculation that the pipelines were re-packing their lines with volumes out of storage because of a sudden draw down.
=20
Ziff Energy Group to Hold Conference In Portland
=20
Current Realities, Future Expectations
Pacific NorthwestGas Strategies Conference
October 2,2001Portland,Oregon(at the Hilton Portland)
Hear Commissioner Wilson Condon, State of Alaska, describe how Alaskagas supply will energize the Pacific Northwestsupply portfolio. And let Joe Marushack, VP, ANS Gas Commercialization for Phillips Alaska, tell you about
the plans to make these supplies a reality.
Get additional gas supply updates from Art Eastly, President & CEO, Canadian Forest Oil Ltd. (NWT) and Lanny Outlaw, President & CEO, Western Gas Resources (Rockies).
Our keynote speaker on transportation will be Michael Stewart, Executive VP,Westcoast Gas Pipeline. Also discussing pipeline expansions will be: Peter Lund, PG&E Transmission, NW; Kirk Morgan, Williams Gas Pipeline West; Donald Zinko, Colorado Interstate Gas; and Randy Jespersen, BC Gas Utility Ltd.
You'll also have an opportunity to hear the latest on Questar's new salt cavern storage facility - available to the PNW - from Questar's Gary Schmitt.
Find out views on future demand growth in the PNW from keynote speaker Dick Reiten, Chairman & CEO, NW Natural. Hear how the Bonneville Power Administration plans to reconnect with its supply contracts from Acting Administrator & CEO, Steve Wright. Also hear what Paula Pyron, Executive Director, NW Industrial Gas Users, has to say about her constituents' needs.
For more information please visit:
call 1-800-853-6252,
or email us at gasconference@ziffenergy.com=20
=20
Bob Brooks
GPCM Natural Gas Market Forecasting System
Shirley,
I would like to commit to October 4.
Any other engagement?
Vince
Vince,
As a follow-up to our phone conversation, I am attaching below the URL for
our QCF program here at Georgia Tech for your corporate recruiting folks.
It will be great if we could have your recruiting people meet with our
first graduating class of the QCF program.
Regarding your visit, we'd be glad to cover the coach airfare and
lodging.  How about the first week of October, say on either 10/2 or 10/4,
or the last week of October, say 10/30?  The arrangement would be that you
come in on the evening of a Monday or a Wednesday and give a seminar on a
Tuesday or a Thursday.  Please let me know what works best for
you.  Thanks.
Shijie
Shi-Jie Deng
Assistant Professor
School of ISyE
Georgia Institute of Technology
Office Phone: (404) 894-6519
E-mail:       deng@isye.gatech.edu
Home page 
The McKinsey Quarterly Newsletter
August 2001
SHARE THE WEALTH!
If you know colleagues who would be interested in The McKinsey Quarterly,
please forward this e-mail message to them!
What happened to the bull market?
By the time NASDAQ had maxed out in the recent bull market, many financial
commentators were claiming that something structural had changed in the
economy: new economics and the increasing value of intangible assets and
brands, among other things, were supposed to have replaced more
traditional factors in determining stock market valuations. Nice in
theory, perhaps, but wrong in practice. McKinsey analysis shows that the
traditional triumvirate of earnings growth, inflation, and interest rates
continues to drive stock prices.
Broadband media: Look before you leap
How long will it be before broadband for consumers revolutionizes
television and video entertainment? After all, some 40 million households
in the United States will gain access to broadband during the next three
to five years. But broadcasters and other programmers would do well to
temper their enthusiasm, at least for now: the time isn't right to invest
heavily in broadband programming.
Brains abroad
Where does global talent go when opportunities aren't sufficiently
plentiful at home? To the United States, of course. In the 1990s alone,
some 650,000 people from emerging markets migrated there on
professional-employment visas. This talent drain could have lasting
economic repercussions for the developing world, depriving it not only of
the skills of these workers but also of their beneficial effects on the
productivity of others.
Better UK productivity: An inside job
There is little debate that Britain's manufacturing sector is in decline
but less consensus about the reasons for it. A recent McKinsey study makes
clear that the problem isn't the quality of the country's workforce:
foreign-owned companies in Britain, drawing from the same pool of
frontline labor as their British-owned competitors, are achieving much
higher levels of productivity. The fault instead lies with British
manufacturing companies that have failed to adopt practices proved
elsewhere.
+++++++++++++++++Also on the site this month 
Shall we dance?
The promised economy
Mobilizing South Korea's women
Chicago thinks small
To unsubscribe, click the link below. If your e-mail program doesn't
support hyperlinks, copy and paste the address into your browser:
Vince,
I hope that Sriram is doing well, and are  you interested in seeing some more people.  Because I have an excellent  Risk Management Developer from Ernst Young risk management who also knows energy  and would like to move to Houston.
Talk to you soon.
Scott
Focus Capital Markets
71 Vanderbilt  Avenue
Suite 200
New York, New York 10017
(212) 986-3344 -  Telephone
(212) 986-3370 - Fax
Shirley,
No.
Vince
Vince:
Do you want to subscribe to this?
Shirley
Dear Shirley,
Following our conversation, I am responsible for subscriptions to Credit
magazine. As Mr Kaminski's subscription has recently lapsed, if he wishes to
re-subscribe to Credit Magazine with a 15% discount, simply reply to this
email including his full invoice details and I can recommence instantly.
1 years subscription (15%) discount: $1019.15
This offer is only available until the end of this month.
Please do not hesitate in contacting me if you have any queries.
Kind 
Simon Sanderson
New Subscriptions Team
Risk Waters Group
Tel: +44 (0) 207 484 9735
Fax: +44 (0) 207 484 9888
Zimin,
Did I talk to you about it?
Vince
As you  have expressed an interest in the LacimaEnergy Software, I am sending you the  beta trial agreement. If you would like to take part in the beta trial, please  print the attached document and fill in the required details and fax back to +61  2 9475 0984 by Tuesday 7 August.
The trial period will run from Tuesday 7 August to  Monday 3 September. The software will be avialable for download from the Lacima  website next Tuesday so please return the signed agreement before then. We will  provide you with the download password when we have received your signed  agreement.
Kate Mathews
Operations Manager
Lacima Group
- LacimaEnergy Beta Trial Agreement.pdf 
Shawn,
11:50 - 11:55 would be fine.
Vince
What time should I pick you up?
I look forward to seeing you.
Shawn
Stinson,
Here is the 1 factor HJM model for curve simulation originally designed for
a Coal Plant valuation.
This techniques is useful for all kinds of curves, especially when we 
do not have the quality data to estimate other factors. (situations where
only volatility curve is availiable).
Let me know if you have any questions.
Zimin
Vince,
I just spoke with Rakesh.  I believe that there is some confusion regarding which part of that Raptor transaction we are talking about.  There are actually two different sets of forwards: one for up to 18MM shares contingently based on price as an offset to the Whitewing forward shortfall, and the other was for 12MM shares which was more of a straight restricted forward contract on ENE shares.  We all went over the valuations on both sets of forwards pretty thoroughly back in March, and I'm certain that the valuations that were put together included the contingent nature of the forwards on the 18MM shares.  In fact, I believe that we had a meeting with a couple of managers from Arthur Andersen to discuss the general methodology.  Of course, the valuations on the 12MM shares had no such component.  Let me know if you have more questions or concerns.  Thanks Vince.
Ron
Ron,
Rakesh mentioned that there is an additional conditionality that will result
in an adjustment of our valuation of the restrictions imposed on the forwards going
into the Raptor vehicles.
We were not aware of this conditionality at the time the project. 
We can, however, easily, incorporate it in our valuation model.
This omission makes our valuation more conservative
form the Enron's point of view.
Please, let us know if this is required.
Vince
Hello Tricia,
It was nice to hear from you.
What are your coordinates?
Vince
Hi Vince,
I hope all is well with you.  I sure miss  working together with you and Mike. 
I thought you would want to know about this site:  www.structurallogic.com I have found it to be quite accurate,  and useful for both short and long-term technical analysis on the  markets.  Your son
may find it interesting, as well.
Take care,
Tricia  Tlapek 
Joe,
We are in process of setting up a phone interview with him.
Vince
Vince,
Have you had a chance to get with this guy?  More importantly, is he interesting?
Joe
Vince,
I met with Niki last week in which we had a general interview on his interests.  He is finding that he is not fully utilizing his skills at Optimark and that the company is moving more towards software development.  Consequently he is looking at other possibilities.  He obviously has an interesting background that includes systems development, management and a strong technical training.  Ideally, he could fit somewhere between research and systems development.  Somewhat of a unique combination.  He also has a background in derivatives and other financial instruments.  In short, he could be very interesting for us in supporting Asian activities, but also if you saw a fit within your research group.
I told Niki that I would pass his cv along to you.  Pls let me know if you are able to make contact and see a possibility for him at Enron.
thanks.
Joe
Joe
Thank you very much for sparing your time with me, yesterday, and explaining
Enron's dynamic and aggressive business.  It was very impressive and
intriguing.
I have revised my resume and have added information regarding the actual
systems and projects which I have worked on both for Salomon Brothers and
Toshiba.  I have attached a list of publication also.
Please feel free to let me know if you need further information.
I will await for a feedback from you, regarding where I might fit in within
the Enron organization.
Niki
Shirley, 
Can you set up a phone interview with him.
VK, ZL, VS
Vince
Vince,
Have you had a chance to get with this guy?  More importantly, is he interesting?
Joe
Vince,
I met with Niki last week in which we had a general interview on his interests.  He is finding that he is not fully utilizing his skills at Optimark and that the company is moving more towards software development.  Consequently he is looking at other possibilities.  He obviously has an interesting background that includes systems development, management and a strong technical training.  Ideally, he could fit somewhere between research and systems development.  Somewhat of a unique combination.  He also has a background in derivatives and other financial instruments.  In short, he could be very interesting for us in supporting Asian activities, but also if you saw a fit within your research group.
I told Niki that I would pass his cv along to you.  Pls let me know if you are able to make contact and see a possibility for him at Enron.
thanks.
Joe
Joe
Thank you very much for sparing your time with me, yesterday, and explaining
Enron's dynamic and aggressive business.  It was very impressive and
intriguing.
I have revised my resume and have added information regarding the actual
systems and projects which I have worked on both for Salomon Brothers and
Toshiba.  I have attached a list of publication also.
Please feel free to let me know if you need further information.
I will await for a feedback from you, regarding where I might fit in within
the Enron organization.
Niki
FYI
Vince
Jeff/Vince,
One of our potential customers provided us with MS's daily price sheet from earlier this week.  Interesting to see the JCC offers that have been provided.  Some of the WTI offers look fairly rich as well, particularly the 10 yr price.  MS also requires fairly hefty cash collateral requirements.
Thought this might be of interest in determing how competitive we could be with JCC.
Joe
Akiko Higaki
Enron Japan Corp.
Tel: +81-3-5219-4634(Direct)
+81-3-5219-4500(General)
Fax: +81-3-5219-4510
URL: 
Joe, Jeff
It seems MS wants to be only on one side of the transaction.
I think it re
Joe, Jeff
It's interesting MS wants to be only on one side of the transaction.
I think it reflects their ability to hedge. Any other thoughts?
Vince
Jeff/Vince,
One of our potential customers provided us with MS's daily price sheet from earlier this week.  Interesting to see the JCC offers that have been provided.  Some of the WTI offers look fairly rich as well, particularly the 10 yr price.  MS also requires fairly hefty cash collateral requirements.
Thought this might be of interest in determing how competitive we could be with JCC.
Joe
Akiko Higaki
Enron Japan Corp.
Tel: +81-3-5219-4634(Direct)
+81-3-5219-4500(General)
Fax: +81-3-5219-4510
URL: 
If you are experiencing problems with today's issue, you may log in to the publisher's site to view the issue here <  User Name: ENET3318 Password: enron	
If you are experiencing problems with today's issue, you may log in to the publisher's site to view the issue here <  User Name: ENET3318 Password: enron	
Title: Mexico's Economy: Will The Engine Stall?
URL(s):
TOPICS
MEXICO'S ECONOMY: WILL THE ENGINE STALL?
* Energy Reform Process and the Economy
* Slowing Economy Pulls Down Power Demand
* Natural Gas: Demand and Regulation Update
FORMAT
Our speakers will address this topic for 30 minutes, with accompanying graphics
presented on the internet, followed by an open question and answer period.
SPEAKERS
Sondra Scott, CERA Director, Latin America Energy
Lisa Pearl, CERA Associate, Latin America Energy
Jed Bailey, CERA Associate Director, Latin America Energy
Alejandro Gonzalez, CERA Associate, Latin America Energy
TIME
12:00 P.M. Eastern, Tuesday, August 28, 2001
ELIGIBILITY
Clients eligible to participate in this conference call are those who subscribe
to the CERA Mexico Energy Retainer Advisory Service.
TO ENROLL
To enroll, please return this form via fax to Mary Rice at (617) 576-8763, or
enroll via e-mail at mrice@cera.com before 12:00 P.M., Monday, August 27, 2001.
TO PARTICIPATE
To participate in a live Web conference, please call in on one of the following
numbers approximately 10-15 minutes before the call:
Within the United States:  1-800-946-0706
Outside the United States:  1-719-457-2638
Confirmation code:  414770
Title of the call:  CERA MexicoCall
To participate in the internet portion of the call (audio is by telephone), log
on to the internet approximately 15-30 minutes before the presentation to
ensure technological compatibility.
1. Point your browser to  
2. Enter the following information, then click "Enter":
* Your Name
* Meeting ID: w414770
* Meeting Key:  334293
3. Access audio for the meeting using the audio information above.
SYSTEM REQUIREMENTS AND SUGGESTIONS:
* Internet connection not reliant on the phone line you will use for the call.
* A Java-enabled browser, such as Microsoft Internet Explorer 3.02 or higher;
Netscape Navigator 3.02 or higher; or Sun Hot JAVA(tm)
* Close all desktop applications and disable your screen saver
To ensure computer compatibility, complete the Internet instructions before the
day of the call.  A message will appear telling you that your meeting is not
ready to start.  However, it also informs you about any action that you may
need to take to prepare your computer to participate.
TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE:
If you experience difficulties during the call, you may signal for technical
assistance by pressing *0 (star, zero) on your telephone keypad, once connected
to the audio portion of the conference.
For more information, please contact Mary Rice via e-mail at mrice@cera.com or
via telephone at (617) 498-9123.
A recording of this call will be available until September 28, 2001.  To access
this recording, please call 1-888-203-1112 (within the U.S.) or (719) 457-0820
(outside the U.S.).  Please use confirmation number 334293 to access the call.
**end**
E-mail Category: Conference Call Notification
CERA Knowledge Area(s): Mexico Gas & Power
To make changes to your cera.com profile go to:
Forgot your username and password? Go to:
This electronic message and attachments, if any, contain information
from Cambridge Energy Research Associates, Inc. (CERA) which is
confidential and may be privileged. Unauthorized disclosure, copying,
distribution or use of the contents of this message or any attachments,
in whole or in part, is strictly prohibited.
Terms of Use Questions/Comments: webmaster@cera.com
Li Sun  Do You Yahoo!?
Check out Yahoo! Shopping  and Yahoo! Auctions  for all of your holiday gifts!
Do You Yahoo!?
Check out Yahoo! Shopping  and Yahoo! Auctions  for all of your holiday gifts!
FYI
Vince
As of 8:00 am this morning, EWS had reached $1,224,660 in pledges, which is 95.98% of our campaign goal of $1,276,000 and our participation rate is 69.02%.
If employees are having problems with the system, have them call or e-mail me with their pledge.  I can do it for them.  They will receive a confirmatory e-mail, which they can use to check for accuracy.
Below are the pledge totals and participation rates by business unit/functional group:
GROUP			PLEDGES	% Participation
EA			$207,021	71.77%		(175 employees unaccounted for)
EBS			$157,180	43.75%		(387 employees unaccounted for)
EEOS			$75,967		92.61%		(15 employees unaccounted for)
EEL			$36,846		65.22%		(8 employees unaccounted for)
EGM			$167,487	76.60%		(88 employees unaccounted for)
EIM			$93,602		82.20%		(34 employees unaccounted for)
ENW			$259,260	67.32%		(531 employees unaccounted for)
EWS Bus. Analysis	$39,723		100.00%	(COMPLETE)
EWS Bus. Dev.		$17,198		100.00%	(COMPLETE)
EWS HR		$20,234		81.69%		(13 employees unaccounted for)
EWS Legal		$68,908		91.03%		(8 employees unaccounted for)
EWS Research		$24,853		95.65%		(2 employees unaccounted for)
EWS Treasury		$17,981		100.00%	(COMPLETE)
From a corporate perspective, EWS remains in 1st place in % of goal reached and LAST place in participation rate.  Here are the other groups' totals:
GROUP			PLEDGES	% Participation		% of Goal
ETS			$294,711	91.93%			85.18%
Corporate		$750,697	70.69%			95.63%
EES			$456,506	74.70%			92.60%
Enron-wide		$2,726,574	72.38%			94.02%
If you have any questions, please call me at ext. 3-9053.
Eric
Johnny
Thanks. Please, set up an interview in cooperation with Shirley Crenshaw,
my assistant, 713 853 5290.
Vince
Vince,
As a result of last week's Crude & Products recruiting event, the following individual has been identified as strong candidate for your group.  Please advise as to how you would like to proceed with this individual.  Brian is readily available to return to Houston to interview with your group.  Charles or I can coordinate this event.
Thanks,
Johnny
Tanya
No problem.
Vince
Vince,
I am planning to take 10 vacation days from Sep 24 to Oct 5.
Is it OK?
Tanya
=20
BUSINESS HIGHLIGHTS
EBS Joins EWS
Effective, July 12, EBS has become a business unit within Enron Wholesale Services.  All EBS commercial support functions will be integrated into those units within EWS, which enables us to better manage the resources and costs of the support functions.
All EBS commercial functions have been consolidated into the following units:
Europe - headed by Matthew Scrimshaw
Asia - headed by Anthony Duenner
Americas - headed by Rich DiMichele
Additionally, the North American EBS origination teams have been consolidated into one group, led by Stewart Seeligson.  North American trading and risk management will continue to report to Paul Racicot.  Paul will also oversee the global portfolio from a risk management perspective.
Global Network Operations will continue to report to the EBS Office of the Chairman.
All EBS asset positions will continue to be reviewed and repositioned to most effectively meet the future needs of EBS and the Portland office will be closed by October 1.
Global Strategic Sourcing
Effective July 1, a number of measures and recommendations have been implemented to reduce expenditures associated with, among other things, travel and entertainment, and professional services.  Global Strategic Sourcing ("GSS") will undertake this very important initiative and they would like to enlist your support in the implementation of these new procedures.
This message will focus on Travel and entertainment.  Next week's message will focus on professional services.
Travel and Entertainment - Enron has a tremendous opportunity to save on travel and entertainment expenditures by making some relatively painless adjustments.
?=09Air Travel - Air transportation is the single largest component in the travel mix.  In recognition of this fact, a number of significant discounts have been negotiated with all of the major carriers.  There are two separate channels available to employees to access the Enron-negotiated fares.  The first is Travel Agency in the Park ("TAP"), or the GSS-approved preferred travel agency for your location, and the second is the new Enron-managed online travel booking service, ClickTrip, located at 
Over the coming weeks, GSS will be promoting training and usage of ClickTrip, as the primary method of booking domestic U.S. travel for a number of reasons.  First, excluding proprietary carriers like Southwest Airlines, ClickTrip provides employees easy access to all travel and pricing options for their destination, including the Enron-negotiated fares.  Second, industry data shows that employees will generally make the most cost-effective travel decision when presented with the relevant facts.  Conservatively speaking, we estimate that a 20% savings in airfare is attainable through the use of this tool alone.  Third, it is relatively painless to use.  Fourth, ClickTrip is accessible 24X7 from any internet-enabled personal computer and after-hours telephone support is available. If you have travel-related questions, please contact Tracy Ramsey at ext. 6-8311.
=20
One final air travel reminder worth promoting: For employees who fly in the United States, use of non-refundable coach tickets generally runs 65 percent less than refundable tickets and can usually be changed by simply paying a $100 fee.
?=09Lodging and Car Rental - GSS has also negotiated preferred rates at a number of hotel chains in many cities worldwide to accommodate your business unit's individual hotel policy. Additionally, preferred car rental rates including insurance coverage with National (U.S. and Canada) and Alamo (U.S.) have been negotiated for your use.  More detailed information is available regarding both programs through our travel site located at 
Enron Industrial Markets - Forest Products
EIM began trading in the physical markets for Forest Products (newsprint, pulp, recycled paper, and lumber) in August, 2000 and Steel in January, 2001.  Since then EIM has handled over 140,000 tons of recycled paper, 180,000 tons of newsprint, 150,000 tons of pulp, 160 million board feet of lumber, and 210,000 tons of steel.  Currently on a weekly basis, EIM is moving approximately 20,000 tons of forest products (newsprint, pulp and recycled paper), 3 million board feet of lumber, and 10,000 tons of steel products throughout the world. =20
Due to much larger volumes of forward trading, EIM is expanding its physical product delivery capabilities around the world to physically handle 5 million tons per year.  The EIM Logistics Group coordinates the activities of customer service, supply and demand matching, scheduling of owned assets, and physical transport and warehousing.  These activities are primarily coordinated through the Houston office, with additional resources in London and Singapore.
Additionally, EIM owns paper mills in Quebec City and New Jersey which have a combined production capacity of 750,000 tons of newsprint per month, and a cold rolling steel mill in Arkansas with capacity of 400,000 tons per year.  Each of these facilities includes Logistics resources that are coordinated through the EIM Logistics Group.
Enron Global Markets - LNG
Enron Global LNG has enhanced its Atlantic Basin LNG supply portfolio with volumes from Nigeria LNG Limited (NLNG).  Enron Global LNG recently signed a Memorandum of Understanding with NLNG for delivery of 1 BCM/ year (billion cubic meters) or (97,000 Mcf/day) from the NLNG Plus Project.  This is a two train expansion of NLNG's existing Bonny Island LNG production facility.  The expansion is scheduled for completion in 2005.  This deal represents a major step in the establishment of Enron's global LNG network.
EGM - Finance & Structuring
On June 29, 2001, Enron Global Markets - LNG Group successfully completed the divestiture of its 100% equity interest in Progasco, to CHDR, Inc. via an all cash transaction.  Progasco sells and distributes LPG to commercial and industrial clients, and independent resellers, through a fleet of tanker trucks, bobtail trucks and 13 filling plants throughout Puerto Rico.  CHDR, Inc. is the record and beneficial owner of all of the issued and outstanding shares of stock of Tropigas de Puerto Rico, Inc. ("Tropigas").  Upon completion of this transaction, Tropigas, hitherto the 3rd largest market player will operate the newly consolidated entity and control a 35% market share, becoming the 2nd largest Puerto Rican LPG marketer.=20
The sale proceeds of approximately $14.3 million, have been split between Protane (a wholly owned Enron Corp. Delaware subsidiary) and San Juan Gas (SJG), and were used to pay down inter-company debt owed to SJG and Pro Caribe.  The net (pre-tax) gain recorded on the transaction was $3.9 million.=20
The profitable sale of this strategic asset allows EGM to exit the retail propane business it inherited through the 1985 merger of three companies: Protane, Petrolane and Imperial Gas, and will enable Enron to better deploy the cash received and more efficiently manage its Puerto Rican human resources.=20
EGM - Weather
The Weather group just completed a deal with People's Energy to protect them against lower gas prices during a warmer than normal winter.  This innovative winter protection was structured to manage People's exposure to both the volume and price of natural gas.  Greg Penman and Bob Beyer, from the Chicago office, were the lead dealmakers for this transaction.  Simlar deals with other counterparties are expected to come over the winter season.
Also, the Weather Group has started exploring new opportunities with EES.  To support this effort, Elsa Piekieniak has joined the group.  Elsa is looking for several people to help her with this initiative.  If you're interested in a position, please contact Elsa.
WELCOME
New Hires
EGM  - Chevondra Auzenne, Anuj Gupta, Lois Stone, Rich Friedman
EIM   - Brian Gaughan, Jennifer Basinski
ENA  - Juli Salvagio, Pepi Beltran, Oliver Jones
Transfers (to or within)
ENA  - Jinsung Myung, Russell Diamond, Chris Helfrich, Jerry Farmer, Kenton Erwin
EGM - Meredith Campbell, Martin Gleason, Maritta Mullet, Dorothy Burrell, Luis Castillo, James Posway, Ted Behrens, Michael Mitcham
EnronOnline Statistics
Below are the latest figures for EnronOnline as of July 17, 2001:
=09Total Life to Date Transactions  > 1,214,000
=09Life to Date Notional Value of Transactions  > $711 billion
NEWS FROM THE GLOBAL FLASH
UPDATE ON ENRON EUROPE'S CONTRIBUTION TO 2ND QUARTER RESULTS
Congratulations to all staff for your contribution to another fantastic quarter! =20
By now we hope you will have had an opportunity to read about Enron's Q2 earnings, which were released to the investment community in Houston on Thursday, 12th July.  Overall the business has seen continued strong growth with revenues increasing to over $100 million in the first half of the year up from $30 million for the same period last year.  Earnings per share this quarter also exceeded analyst expectations and came in at $0.45 for the quarter up from $0.34 for the same period last year.
Equally important, however, is the vital role Enron Europe played this quarter in contributing to the company's overall results.   We are seeing some terrific trends here in Europe - notably, on the wholesale side, the Continental, UK and Nordic power and gas teams keep going from strength to strength as we see exceptional growth in volumes and transactions continue this quarter.  Total physical and financial settled volumes for gas and power in Europe have seen an increase of 172% in the first six months of the year compared to the first six months in 2000 and the total number of transactions per day has risen to 604 from 272 last year.  Specifically, UK power volumes are up 204% to 147 TWh in the first six months of 2001 from 48 TWh in the same period last year.  Continental gas volumes have grown from 351 Bbtue/day in 2000 to 1,390 Bbtue/day in 2001 - a 296% increase - and Continental power volumes have seen growth of 360% with volumes rising from 18 TWh in the first six months of 2000 to 83 TWh for the same period this year.  The growth in volumes is not simply limited to the UK and Continental markets, however, as Nordic power volumes have increased by 153% from 29 TWh to 73 TWh in the first half of 2001.
The success stories are not just limited to gas and power trading, however, and abound throughout the business:
Enron Energy Services
The retail business has experienced a real boost this quarter with the closing of EES' first, major "marquis" brand energy outsourcing transaction with supermarket giant, J. Sainsbury plc.  Of equal importance, Enron Direct's business continues to grow with total customers now in excess of 160,000.  The success of Enron Direct's business model has translated into the development of new business on the Continent in the Netherlands and Spain and, more recently in North America, with the 2nd quarter opening of Enron Direct Canada. =20
Enron Credit
A year after Enron Credit's launch, the total life to date notional value of transactions has surpassed $11.8 billion and in the 2nd quarter alone, Enron Credit generated $10.4 million in EBIT.  Further, more than 20,000 readers per week view the Enron Cost of Credit (ECC) through independent publications.  =20
Enron Australia
With 2nd quarter power volumes up 177% from the first three months this year, Enron Australia is gearing up for a strong growth year.  With the development of a physical power position key to expanding Enron's power trading in Australia, work began this quarter to identify and begin the initial pursuit of asset development projects.  Other businesses undergoing significant expansion this quarter were coal, renewable energy credits and weather derivatives.=20
Spain:  Arcos
The Arcos asset development project in Spain continues to make great progress with third party access to gas supplies for the power project being successfully negotiated this quarter, plus the project achieved another milestone in the permit/government approvals arena with the granting of its water concession in Q2.
UK:  ETOL
ETOL, a long-standing contributor to Enron Europe's earnings, generated yet another profitable transaction this quarter with the signing of a series of deals with chemical giant Du Pont for supplies at Wilton International. The transaction further strengthens Enron's relationship with Du Pont, one of ETOL's largest customers, and will extend the current steam and power supply contract through 2010. =20
Enron Metals
A year after entering the metals business, Enron Metals has seen increased volumes of 130% in its merchant and financial trading operations this quarter with volumes up to over 3.5 million tonnes as compared to just over 1.5 million tonnes in the 2nd quarter last year.  Not only has the team seen positive growth in volumes this quarter, but they have increased their share of trading on the LME by 50% and are making significant progress with Project Salem - a major IT and systems improvement project that will streamline deal capture and risk management for metals transactions.  Finally, the metals team achieved a true home run this quarter when they closed a major ten-year origination transaction that, through the addition of smelting assets, will enable the metals team to improve its trading position.  The transaction proved to be the perfect opportunity to leverage all of Enron's trading and origination capabilities and involved input from a number of groups across Enron.  =20
Looking to the future, we have every expectation that the strong growth we've witnessed in Europe for the first half of the year will continue through end 2001.  So, in the words of Solomon Smith Barney analyst, Ray Niles, when talking about Enron's European wholesale operations results this quarter, "Europe is kicking butt and it's about a quarter of [Enron's] activity, nearly double what it was last year.  And, that is a new market that is the size of the US." =20
LEGAL STUFF
The information contained in this newsletter is confidential and proprietary to Enron Corp. and its subsidiaries.  It is intended for internal use only and should not be disclosed.
=20
BUSINESS HIGHLIGHTS
Enron Global Markets
EGM's global crude and products group closed its largest trades to date with EOTT Energy Partners, L.P. (NYSE: EOT) on June 29,2001.  Enron Gas Liquids, Inc. ("EGLI") is the counterparty to a 10-year toll conversion agreement and a 10-year storage capacity agreement that also provides transportation.  The toll conversion agreement calls for EGLI to deliver a combination of feedstocks (methanol, natural gas, and normal butane) to be converted into various offtake products, primarily MTBE.=20
As a part of the 10-year conversion agreement, EGLI has the option to convert the facility into an Iso Octane plant.  The option to convert is EGLI's sole and exclusive right.  In addition, the call helps to mitigate the regulatory risk associated with the MTBE market.
Prior to the close of the 10-year conversion and storage capacity agreements, Enron's corporate development group organized the sale of the hydrocarbon-processing complex in Morgan's Point, Texas, and a liquids pipeline grid system to EOTT for approximately $120 million.  The asset sale was predicated on the agreements to be entered into between EGLI and EOTT. =20
These combined agreements represent EGM's largest transaction to date.
EGM Fundamentals
EGM Fundamentals welcomes Andrew Hill to the Houston office for a six-month assignment from London.  Andrew joined EGM in March as a Senior Specialist and has been instrumental in developing the growing range of EGM Fundamentals publications such as Critical Mass and The Week Ahead.  In Houston, Andrew will be working with Richard Lassander to manage analysis of the crude and products markets.  Prior to joining EGM, Andrew worked as a management consultant specializing in Latin America with Wood McKenzie.
EGM Fundamentals has begun analysis of domestic freight markets.  This new effort, managed by Jeff Andrews, is being coordinated with Matt Arnold's forward trading group in Enron Freight Markets (EFM).  Current analysis is focused on over-the-road trucking, following the initial commercial focus of EFM, and the development of diesel hedging strategies.  Related projects include modeling the seasonality of trucking demand and diesel fuel consumption and forecasting on-road diesel prices.  Within the next three to four weeks, analysis will begin of the intermodal freight network.  Interested parties should watch the EGM Fundamentals intranet site (<  for updates.
East Power Origination
The Sand Hill Energy Center in Austin was dedicated on Wednesday, July 11th at 10:00 am.  The $93.7 million project is the first peaking facility of its kind in Texas to be constructed with selective catalytic reduction pollution control equipment that reduces the nitrogen oxide (NOx) emission rate by 80 percent.  NOx emissions from the units are 5 parts per million (ppm), which is considerably less than the amounts allowed by state and federal regulations.  Congratulations to the development team!
IN THE NEWS
"For California to continue this bogus claim of $8.9 billion, I think just shows that they are not interested in any kind of a settlement," Enron spokesman Mark Palmer said. "They are just interested in creating a whipping post. The last thing that the political leadership in California wants to do is take responsibility for the problem they created."  Houston Chronicle, July 10, 2001.
WELCOME
New Hires
EGM  - Todd Litton
EIM   - Ayesha Kanji, Matt Christiansen
ENA  - Alex McElreath, Chris Czuppon, Joanne Rozycki, Todd Callaway, Lisa Koerselman, Christopher Davis, Sandra Haldeman
Transfers (to or within)
ENA - Michael Newlin, John Garrison, Cheryl White, Diane Cook, Jennifer Martinez
EIM - Sylvia Sauseda
EGM - John Cote, Laura Mireles, Tim Norton, Doris Wilhoite
NUGGETS & NOTES
Travel tip of the week:
Out of Town Calling. Direct calls from hotels are not encouraged. When calling to the Enron Building, 3 Allen Center or Omaha, use of the 1-800-97-ENRON is often the most cost effective method.  For other locations, dial 1-800-96-ENRON, enter the number you are calling and then your AT&T corporate calling card number.  Please contact your Lan support department for 1-800 dial-in numbers for cost effective remote connections.
Global Strategic Sourcing: UPS
As part of the recently negotiated agreement with United Parcel Service (UPS), Enron employees may now utilize two new letter centers when sending packages after hours.  These letter centers are located in Three Allen Center, on the ground level, behind the down escalator, near the U.S. Postal Services self-service area and in the Enron Building, at the back of the escalators near the automated teller machine. =20
Letter-sized envelopes, as well as boxes up to 18"x 13" x 3" can be shipped via Next-Day Air, Second-Day Air, Third-Day Select, UPS International and UPS World-Wide Express Service.  Pick up times at the letter centers are 7:45 p.m. for Three Allen Center and 8:00 p.m. for the Enron Building, Monday through Friday.
Contact: Glenn Lewis, Global Strategic Sourcing contract manager at 713-646-7512.
EnronOnline Statistics
Below are the latest figures for EnronOnline as of July 12, 2001:
=09Total Life to Date Transactions > 1,180,000
Life to Date Notional Value of Transactions > $696 billion
NEWS FROM THE GLOBAL FLASH
Enron Secures First Industrial Customer Gas Supply Deal In Germany=20
Congratulations to the German Gas Origination team for closing its first physical supply contract with an industrial customer.  The customer, based in Stendal, Germany, operates steam boilers for a milk factory and will be taking gas from Enron for a contract of 9.3 MW of interruptible one-year base load.
In connection with this supply contract the Continental Gas Trading team completed a gas supply transaction, the first inside Germany by a non-incumbent player, with EnBW at Steinitz, to overcome capacity constraints expected in Q3 this year.  Due to the fragmented gas industry in Germany, Enron had to secure transport with no less than four network operators inside Germany in order to close the gas supply deal.  "Although we are happy that we have successfully secured all necessary transportation to fulfill our contractual obligations, it was quite a challenge to reach agreement with four network operators -- while this was a transaction only within Germany, the negotiation with the network operators was as complex as securing gas transport from Ireland through the UK and Belgium into France," commented Carsten Haack, who closed this deal together with Helge-Juergen Beil, Ulrich Finke and Gordon Smith from the German Gas Origination team.  Another important element of the deal is that the team succeeded in establishing the first transportation contract for VNG, Germany's largest German import company after Ruhrgas. "This contract will serve as a useful basis for future gas deals, especially in East Germany, " said Haack. "But more importantly, this deal will send a message to the market that once again Enron has proven to customers it can deliver on its promises and, of equal importance, that network operators had better take our transportation requests seriously!" he added.
ETOL Celebrates New Deals With Du Pont
Congratulations to Enron Teesside Operations Ltd (ETOL) for signing a series of deals with chemical giant Du Pont for supplies to its facilities at Wilton International.
A new arrangement between the two parties means Enron will supply two million tonnes of steam and 30 MW of electricity a year to Du Pont's nylon plants. New agreements have also been reached for gas supplies, and for the provision of a number of key site services including pipeline maintenance, security and emergency response.
Paul Gavens, CEO of ETOL, said: "Securing an exclusive long-term supply agreement of this nature with one of our largest customers is a fantastic achievement for ETOL. The new arrangements extend the terms of our current contract for steam and power to 2010, restructure the pricing arrangements and offer the opportunity for adding value to both companies by optimizing the operation of their respective assets."
Enron's Northernmost Partner!
Enron Nordic Energy has entered into a partnership agreement with Varanger Kraft AS.  Under the terms of the deal, Enron Nordic Energy will assist Varanger in hedging its power sales, power prices and area prices.  The partnership will also involve the development of a risk strategy for Varanger and the provision of weather risk products relating to water flow and temperature risk.  In addition, the agreement will open opportunities for Enron to develop contacts with Varanger Kraft's Russian partners and the Russian market generally.  Following a deal with Luster Energiverk, this is the second such agreement closed by Enron Nordic Energy in recent weeks.
This is our first partner in the Nordic region with established relationships in Russia, through its ownership of a grid connected to Russia.  Varanger has hydro power plants on the Passvik river near the Russian border.  As the Passvik river flows on both sides of the border, Varanger works in cooperation with Russian partners to manage the water storage.=20
LEGAL STUFF
The information contained in this newsletter is confidential and proprietary to Enron Corp. and its subsidiaries.  It is intended for internal use only and should not be disclosed.
BUSINESS HIGHLIGHTS
eSource
eSource, Enron's research group, has experienced an overwhelmingly positive response to the research training which it has hosted.  Participation and interest by Enron employees has exceeded expectations and many classes were quickly filled.  As a result, repeat classes have been offered and new sessions have been added to the program.  In addition to the Lexis-Nexis and Dow Jones classes, eSource has now begun hosting sessions on Piranha (financials and pricing information), Investext (analyst reports and market analysis), Global Access (financials and corporate activity), and Securities Data Corp. (M&A, debt).   eSource has also arranged long distance sessions using interactive web tools for Enron employees around the world.  Watch for e-mails announcing new training sessions, either in Houston or in a virtual desktop mode.
Since our launch in December, the eSearch website has received over 230,000 hits.  The site today offers Enron employees access to 34 electronic databases.  These databases offer the latest financial and business on-line research capabilities in a cost-effective manner.  In this era of information explosion, databases are constantly being reviewed to ensure that Enron's research needs are being met.  If you know of a professionally relevant database that might be added to eSearch, let us know.  Meanwhile, to further fulfill Enron's research needs, eSource is arranging for desktop access to good-old-fashioned libraries too.  Books from public and local university libraries can be located, borrowed and delivered to employees' desks.  This should be particularly helpful for those with more specialized or technical research needs. 
We are also proud to report that at a recent local research conference, Enron's eSource was featured as an industry trailblazer for having invented itself into a combined virtual library and intranet-based research center capable of delivering a broad range of research products and services via the user's desktop.  Attendees from Reliant, Shell, Halliburton and ExxonMobil and others were duly impressed 
As for the future, watch for Version 2.0 of the eSearch website,   scheduled to launch soon.  It will feature greater functionality and additional content.  Look for new features like "Industry Overviews" and links to information providers like Frost & Sullivan, Country Watch, and World Energy Markets.
IN THE NEWS
Chicago And Its Suburbs Pick Enron, ComEd For Power Deals
CHICAGO -(Dow Jones)-The City of Chicago and 47 suburban communities have decided to divide new deals for 400 megawatts of power between Enron Corp. (ENE) and local utility Commonwealth Edison Co., Chicago officials said Wednesday. 
In the largest power purchase agreement in Illinois since the state choose to deregulate the industry in 1997, the local government groups will get 60% of their power from Enron and 40% from Exelon Corp.'s (EXC) ComEd. The municipalities use the power for public buildings and public transportation.
Chicago announced Monday that the group has picked ComEd to meet the renewable target by providing 80 megawatts of power created with landfill gas, wind and other sources. ComEd will also provide the coalition with another 80 megawatts of power generated with fossil fuel and nuclear plants, and Enron will provide the other 240 megawatts. The new contracts are expected to go into effect this year. 
"We used our purchasing power as local governments to get the best price we could and at the same time to promote competition in Illinois. Enron gave us the most competitive price,"  Chicago Mayor Richard M. Daley said at a press conference. 
WELCOME
New Hires
EGM  - Jennifer Morris, Mike Reen, Daniel Fuller, Jason Paterniti
ENA  - Craig Hawkins, Carol Langston, Mark Morrow, Harlan Murphy, Bruce Petitt, Emily Schwarzbach, Alice Wright, Allyson Zykorie
Transfers (to or within)
ENA - Thomas Kalb, Debra Brannen, Juan Camarillo, Richard Orellana
EGM - Joana Bekerman, Eric Tipp, Kellie Metcalf, Ricardo Charvel, Jason Andrade
EIM - Jaime Araoz, Gabriel Chavez, Enrique Cadena, Rosalinda Castillo, Kimberly Chick, Ana Morena, William Brown, Grisela Escamilla, Paul Burkhart, Jodi Coulter, Douglas McDowell, Catherine Pernot
NUGGETS & NOTES
Enron is hosting the Chicago Energy Risk Management Seminar at The Drake Hotel in Chicago on June 14, 2001.  Topics include: Power Outlook, Natural Gas Outlook, Hedging Strategies, Weather Risk Management and Pulp and Paper Risk Management. The RSVP deadline is June 8th so please contact Laura Pena as soon as possible at x 3-5376.  This is a great event for "new" as well as established customers.  There will be a cocktail reception immediately after the presentations.  Enron will also be hosting seminars in Atlanta, Houston, Denver and San Francisco.  Dates to be announced soon.
Congratulations to Kathy and Craig Taylor, manager in East Origination. They are the proud parents of a baby girl, Katherine Montgomery, born on May 25. 
Travel tip of the week:
When booking through TAP or ClickTrip, use preferred domestic airline carriers to recognize special Enron discounts.
American		28%		American West		15%
Continental		17%		Delta			10-28%
Northwest		20%		TWA			19-25%
United			20%		US Airways		30%
Please note: discounts are confidential and should not be disclosed to anyone other than Enron employees.
EnronOnline Statistics
Below are the latest figures for EnronOnline as of June 5, 2001.
*	Total Life to Date Transactions > 1,045,000
*	Life to Date Notional Value of Transactions > $630 billion
experience Enron
Announcing enhancements to experience Enron:
?	To begin your customer's Enron experience, we will send out customized invitations with a Guest Check-In Card that contains detailed instructions about check in.
?	experience ENRON has partnered with the Plaza Reception Desk Staff to create a less stressful check in process for your customers.  Once they present their card, the Plaza Reception Desk Staff will welcome them and present them with a prepared experience ENRON name badge ?	experience ENRON has also created a new look for your meetings.  Our new table tents, welcome folders, name badges, agendas and presentation templates all have the same look to maintain a consistent feel throughout the visit.
?	All of this is to ensure that your guest has a unique and customized experience that will exceed their expectations and help you reach your business goals faster.
For more information on experience ENRON, visit our website at experience.Enron.com.
LEGAL STUFF
The information contained in this newsletter is confidential and proprietary to Enron Corp. and its subsidiaries.  It is intended for internal use only and should not be disclosed.
BUSINESS HIGHLIGHTS
Enron Industrial Markets
In early July, the EIM Fundamentals Siebel Team launched Siebel Episode II: Siebel Express Enhancements.  Siebel Episode II added a number of new fields and views to the Siebel database, which is currently available to each of the over 150 traders, originators and senior management at EIM. Siebel provides these users with the ability to store all of their accounts, contacts, potential deals and activities in a common, shared repository.  In early August, Enron Freight Markets will follow EIM's lead and launch Siebel Episode II to their front-office personnel 
Enron Global Strategic Sourcing, in collaboration with Enron Net Works, recently executed a two-year agreement with SkyTel Communications, Inc. to provide users with one- and two-way local and nationwide numeric/alphanumeric pagers, advanced messaging service devices, and encrypted remote e-mail services via Blackberry? enabled devices.
Under this agreement, Enron will also receive special discount incentives including, 50% discount on Blackberry?-enabled hardware purchases through year-end 2001, trade-in allowances on select Research in Motion (RIM) units through year-end 2001, upload and download of contact lists from select pc-compatible hardware to new RIM devices, customized training for hardware and services featured quarterly, and monthly service costs that will be billed at 50% of normal rates for a limited time.
Personal toll free numbers, personal voice mail, operator dispatched text messages, pin-to-pin messaging and text-to-voice and text-to-fax service options will be available on select devices, including Motorola T900 and P935.
EA-Office of the Chairman
The approval process initiated in 1998 for all meeting and event expenditures in excess of $5,000 has enabled Enron Americas to better assess the business value of events, accurately track our activities and save money.  These events include customer and employee meetings, and trade shows 
EA has made some modifications to the process, which are described here.
The $5,000 threshold remains in effect for all customer events.  However, the threshold for approval for employee meetings and events has been lowered to $500, and some additional requirements must be met prior to approval.
Please be sure to follow the procedures described below for all meetings and events, so we can continue to successfully manage these events.
1) Prior to making any commitments to customers or vendors, all customer events with anticipated costs in excess of $5,000, and all employee events with anticipated costs in excess of $500 must be reviewed by the Enron Americas Public Relations department and approved by the Enron Americas Office of the Chairman
2) The PR department will handle the site search and hotel contract negotiations for all such events.  Once this is completed, the PR department will work with you to plan and produce your event in its entirety; or they can provide as much or as little assistance as you require. The PR department will be responsible for helping you achieve the best value for your program and EA.
Additionally, the PR department can assist in the procurement of tickets for various local sporting events and concerts.
If you have any questions regarding this process, would like assistance planning an event, or need tickets for a Houston event, please contact Dorie Hitchcock in the PR department at (713) 853-6978.
IN THE NEWS
NEW YORK, July 17 (Reuters) - As most players in a shrinking pool of online energy trading platforms struggle to stay alive, leader EnronOnline has a simple philosophy: If it ain't broke, don't fix it.
The Internet arm of the energy marketing and trading giant Enron Corp., EnronOnline predicts it will increase its volume and says it can coexist with the IntercontinentalExchange (ICE), the chief executive of Enron Networks told Reuters on Tuesday.
The innovative company is always evaluating its business environment, ready to remold itself according to market demands, but it is not pursing mergers or acquisition for now, according to Greg Piper.
UNITED WAY 2001
United Way Campaign:  Stay tuned...Enron kicks-off the company-wide United Way campaign on Monday, August 6.  It ends Friday, August 17.  EWS is shooting for 100% participation in this year's on-line campaign Days of Caring: The United Way "Days of Caring" are August 6-10. Volunteers are rapidly signing up for the EWS day scheduled for August 10. The 2001 theme is "Building Houston's Future" and EWS is sponsoring the Center for the Retarded.  There is a competition between the four Enron companies; EWS, Enron Corp., ETS, and EES to see which one provides the most volunteers.  Sign up and receive your Day of Caring T-shirt at the Infozone located in the Enron Building Plaza from July 30 to August 3.
Everyone in EWS who participates in the Days of Caring will have their name entered into a drawing to win one of five American Express Gift Certificates.
To volunteer: 
Online registration Or contact an EWS Days of Caring Committee Member:
Julie Clyatt at ext. 3-3256;  Cheryl Lindeman at ext. 5-2849; Tom Myers at ext. 3-0475; Tammie 
Schoppe at ext.3-4220;  Philip Conn at ext. 5-8181; Marcus Edmonds at ext. 3-4243;  Marilyn 
Oliver at ext. 5-6122 
Day of Caring Volunteer Information
Transportation:  Shuttles will be provided for all projects if needed.  Loading and unloading of buses will be on Ruthvan street, between the Enron Building and the Continental Building.  Morning shifts will leave at 8:15am and return to Enron at 11:30am.  Afternoon shifts will leave at 1:00pm and return at 4:00pm.
Food:  Doughnuts and juice will be available to all morning volunteers.  Enron will also provide boxed lunches at noon at the Enron building. For those volunteers staying all day at their site, we will send lunches on the 1:00pm bus 
Water:  Water and ice will be provided at the Enron Building before the buses leave.  Volunteers are encouraged to bring coolers from home to load water.
T-shirts:  T-shirts can be picked up at EB1638e.  T-shirts will also be available while loading the busses.
Materials:  Enron and United Way will provide any materials needed for your project.  (i.e. paint, brushes, dirt, plants, books, etc).  Volunteers are encouraged to bring their own gloves and other items for their comfort (i.e. paint shirts, caps, bug spray, sunscreen, kneeling pads, etc).  Talk to your site leader to find out about other tools that are needed.
Showers:  Enron's Body Shop has provided showers for all Day of Caring volunteers.  Waivers will be available on the bus ride to the Enron Building.  Wear your shirt and sign in at the registration desk at The Body Shop.
United Way Challenge:  To compete against the other business units, EWS must create a team of 7-10 people to build a model of Enron's attributes: Smart, Innovative, Bold, Ambitious, and United.  You will be provided with the building materials and you will have a total of 45 minutes to work along with your teammates to get your model completed.  The primary building material will be Legos.  After the competition, the Legos will be donated to local non-profit childcare centers.
On Friday, August 10 at 11:00 am, the teams will meet to begin construction and they have 45 minutes to complete their model of Enron's attributes.  At 12:00 pm, Ken Lay will host the judging competition with the winner decided using "The Applause Meter."
Each team must consist of 7 to 10 members from their business unit and must have at least 3 executives (i.e., Directors or above).  The model must be freestanding.  And, although Legos will be provided as the primary building tool, other materials may be used, so use your imagination.
Please call or e-mail Julie Clyatt if you are interested in participating.  She can be reached at ext. 3-3256. 
WELCOME
New Hires
EGM  - Javier Lozano, Tim Nash, Brad Ross, Stephen Wheeler, Michael Taylor, Derek Wilson
EIM   - Morela Hernandez, Milagros Daetz, Ayesha Kanji, Laura Bosek, Fariha Haque, Tonya Body, Jim Childress, Jess Emerson, 
Transfers (to or within)
ENA - Gary Bryan
NUGGETS & NOTES
Travel tip of the week:
ClickTrip.  Enron employees can make all travel arrangements on-line, 24 hours a day, 7 days a week.  Using ClickTrip will automatically provide you with Enron's preferred rates making it easier to reduce your travel costs.  ClickTrip will be rolled out to all business units with the iBuyit platform - if you need to be set up prior to that time, please call or email Tracy Ramsey.
Houston Energy Seminar
The producer/industrial derivative mid-marketing group will be hosting a Houston Energy Seminar at the Four Seasons Hotel on August 9th.  This is a great event for current and prospective customers.  Topics will include a Power Outlook for ERCOT, Natural Gas Outlook, Crude & Products Outlook and Hedging Strategies.  Please RSVP to Laura Pena at 713.853.5376.  Future seminars will be in Atlanta and Denver - dates to be announced soon.  For more information, call Lucy Ortiz at 713.853.3238. Please click on the link below for the Houston Invitation.
EnronOnline Figures
Below are the latest figures for EnronOnline as of July 30, 2001.
?	Total Life to Date Transactions > 1,265,000
?	Life to Date Notional Value of Transactions > $735 billion
Congratulations to Robert & Peggy Sammon, manager with EGM Financial Operations, on the birth of a son, Joshua Bryce Sammon. He was born on June 2, 2001 at 11:04 AM, weighing 8 lbs. 6 oz.
Congratulations to Mauricio Ortiz & Patricia Anderson, sr. specialist with EL Accounting and sr. specialist with EGM Financial Operations on the birth of a daughter, Elizabeth Paige Ortiz.  She was born on June 25, 2001 at 4:00 PM, weighing 6 lbs. 12 oz.
Congratulations to Jose & Olga Herrera, sr. specialist with EGM Financial Operations, on the birth of a son, Ethan Andrew Herrera. He was born on June 28, 2001 at 2:04 PM, weighing 7 lbs. 15 oz. 
Sam Enochian, of Enron Freight Markets (Origination), and his USA Rugby Team won the Silver Medal in Israel at the Maccabiah Games. They played a series of four games with other teams from South Africa and Israel.   Sam has been playing Rugby for 6 years and is in the "second row" position.  Sam and the USA Rugby Team were involved in several charitable events and functions during the visit.
LEGAL STUFF
The information contained in this newsletter is confidential and proprietary to Enron Corp. and its subsidiaries.  It is intended for internal use only and should not be disclosed.
. let's try again (see attached Re: Request Date: Tue, 24 Jul 2001 11:31:24 -0700
Seksan,
Attached is a paper describing my algorithm for calculating expected hourly dispatch from monthly on-peak power, off-peak power, and gas prices, and their associated volatilities and covariance.  I have been promising this to folks for awhile now, so your request spurred me to action.
I will send later a copy of Lydia, our workbook program for distributing hourly prices from scalars, consistent with on- and off-peak monthly prices, and recognizing about 70+ reasonability constraints.  It is actually an exhaustive search optimization program.  The disversity in hourly prices is optimized.  I understand this is not something you are immediately interested in, so there is no particular urgency to get it to you.  (I need to update the documentation a bit.)
Incidently, you need to have Microsoft Equation Editor 3.0 installed in Word to properly read this document.  I believe it is part of the standard Office 97 install, so there shouldn't be any problem.  Nevertheless, if you run into problems viewing the document, take a look at your Word references.
Hope this is useful,
Michael
>> Kiatsupaibul, Seksan 07/23/01 11:48AM Dear Michael:
Houston, we have some problems.  I am a research member, working with Krishna and Osman supporting EES.  Now we have some projects about load curtailment options.  They would like to have volatility for power price on the hourly basis.  Attending the meeting last Thursday, we heard that you have written up about the methodology how to build such an hourly volatility.  Osman let me contact you requesting for the model.  I would appreciate if you can provide me one.  By the way, if this is not the Michael, sorry to bother you.
,
Seksan.
- Expected_CF.doc 
Date: Tue, 24 Jul 2001 11:31:00 -0700
Your message did not reach some or all of the intended recipients.
The following recipient(s) could not be reached:
Enron.ENE.Vasant Shanbhogue 7/24/2001 11:31:00
Message cancelled because it was looping through the network [MAPI Reason Code: 1, MAPI Diagnostic Code 3]
c=US;a= ;p=ENRON;l=54BAA2CD4B80D511885E00508B8FBA1D
Enron.ENE.Vince J Kaminski 7/24/2001 11:31:00
Message cancelled because it was looping through the network [MAPI Reason Code: 1, MAPI Diagnostic Code 3]
c=US;a= ;p=ENRON;l=54BAA2CD4B80D511885E00508B8FBA1D
Visit,
Please, send me your address and I shall send you a reprint.
Vince
Dear Vincent,
I have to say sorry for disturbing your valuable time but I really need your
help.
My name is Visit Phunnarungsi. I am now taking Master of Banking & Finance
at Griffith University, Queensland, Australia.
In this last semester, I am writing the thesis about the electricity
derivatives and found that you are very expert in this area. I found your
name in the article: The Challenge of Pricing and Risk Managing Electricity
Derivatives" The US Power Market, 149-171. Risk Publications (1997)
However, I could not found the Risk Publications (1997) available in the
library of Australia University.  There is only 1995 publications.
It would be appreciated if you are possible sending it to me electronically
as I would like to do theoretically review of this article for my thesis. Or
please advice any source that I can found this article.
Thank you very much.
Kindest Visit
_________________________________________________________________
Rudi,
Makes sense. Let's meet with Gordon. I shall ask Rakesh to set up a meeting. 
Another question: do you know if the collar was hedged by the equity desk?
I would expect a cash event related to the exercise of the put that will affect Enron's
liquidity at some point.
Vince
Ding 
As ENE stock and the stock market in general has been hammered lately, perhaps it is a good time to call Gordon McKillup and determine how the various Raptor portfolios are postured.
As you may recall from the prior analysis, they placed a option collar around the collateral (ENE stock).  At that time, they felt that it would support the portfolio to around $20 / share.  The main assumption, however, was that the assets in the Raptor structure would not devalue.  Of course, for the public equities such as AVICI this is simply not the case.  At the time of the initial analysis in March, AVCI traded at roughly $17 / share and it now trades at $3.65 / share on approximately 1.1 million shares.  OOPS!
Rudi  
This is the interview that Kelly gave to the Financial Times.
< 
Karen,
I shall forward the message to number of my friends with an experience  and contacts in the industry.
They may be able to give you some leads.
Vince
Hello!  I was wondering if you might know of any good candidates for a VP,
Finance?  This position is based in Houston, TX.
Specifically, I am looking for a background in oil & gas commodity/capacity
sales & risk management.  LNG exp. is a plus!
,
Karen Borne
Borne & Associates Personnel, LLC
Houston, TX
(281) 731-2963
Molly,
Jill is a daughter of my friend. She contacted our Analyst/Associate Program
but her background makes her a better candidate for an HR position.
Do you know  if we are looking for somebody with her skills?
Vince
Hi Vince,
I'm Presly's daughter, Jill.  I believe that he had told you I would be
sending my resume your way.  I am interested in the Associate HR and Analyst
program that Enron offers.  I have actually spoken with someone in Hr
regarding the program.  Her name is Adrianne Engel.  I have not heard from
her any further at this point.
I have been trying to get into the HR field here in Austin and it has been
very tough in this tight market.  I would love the opportunity to interview
with Enron.
I appreciate any help you can provide.
Sincerely,
Jill Schoenemann
_________________________________________________________________
- HR Resume.doc 
Zimin,
Let's send flowers.
I don't think a transfer is an issue
that  should be brought up during a hospital visit.
Zhiyong  does not need any more stress (I speak
from experience - I had a car accident).
Vince
Vince,
I talked to Sean, and asked him to prepare Zhiyong for our meeting with him.
Zhiyong and Sean had an agreement that Zhiyong would support Sean when the
time comes for Sean to transfer to Research  
Unfortunitely Zhiyong can not make it for Friday's meeting because I just heard he
had a car accident and may stay in hospital for a week (flower?).  Sean will visit Zhiyong
in the hospital and will bring up this issue. I think as long as we allow Sean to have
enough time for his transition (help Zhiyong out), Zhiyong would agree. If Zhiyong did
not make any noise, things should be just fine.
Zimin
PS: Thanks for the support you have been giving me. I think that Paulo and I will work out
things to maximize the Research value. 
Anne,
Thanks. I shall give you the review forms by Friday.
Also, I did cc you on a msg re my friend's daughter resume.
She is looking for an HR position. Do you see any need
in your department?
Vince
Vince,
Just a reminder to let you know that I have still not received the following performance reviews from you:
Shirley 
Sandeep 
Krishna 
Zimin
Maureen
Mike
Vasant
Tanya
If you have completed these reviews, please send them to me as soon as possible.  However, if you have not had a chance to sit down with these employees and discuss their performance and objectives for the next six months, please do so in the near future so that the employee will have ample opportunity to make the necessary adjustments and/ or complete their 6 month objectives.
If you have any questions, please do not hesitate to contact me 
Thanks in advance for your help
Anne,
Anne,
Yes, I got the forms. It remains
to be seen when I talk to Greg about it.
Vince
Vince,
Thanks for keeping me in the loop.  I will do some looking for you and see what I can do to get her in here.
Additionally, did you receive the employment agreement forms for Vince, Krishna, and Mike.  I just want to make sure that our clerk delivered them to you, and that they are not lost in the mail 
Anne
Anne,
Thanks. I shall give you the review forms by Friday.
Also, I did cc you on a msg re my friend's daughter resume.
She is looking for an HR position. Do you see any need
in your department?
Vince
Vince,
Just a reminder to let you know that I have still not received the following performance reviews from you:
Shirley 
Sandeep 
Krishna 
Zimin
Maureen
Mike
Vasant
Tanya
If you have completed these reviews, please send them to me as soon as possible.  However, if you have not had a chance to sit down with these employees and discuss their performance and objectives for the next six months, please do so in the near future so that the employee will have ample opportunity to make the necessary adjustments and/ or complete their 6 month objectives.
If you have any questions, please do not hesitate to contact me 
Thanks in advance for your help
Anne,
Cassandra,
We can wait till Rudi comes back an then we can meet.
I shall ask Rakesh to set up a meeting with you and Rudi and Gordon
next week.
Vince
Vince - please rope me into this meeting, as Rudi's now in London.
Thanks,
Cassandra
x30429
Rudi,
Makes sense. Let's meet with Gordon. I shall ask Rakesh to set up a meeting. 
Another question: do you know if the collar was hedged by the equity desk?
I would expect a cash event related to the exercise of the put that will affect Enron's
liquidity at some point.
Vince
Ding 
As ENE stock and the stock market in general has been hammered lately, perhaps it is a good time to call Gordon McKillup and determine how the various Raptor portfolios are postured.
As you may recall from the prior analysis, they placed a option collar around the collateral (ENE stock).  At that time, they felt that it would support the portfolio to around $20 / share.  The main assumption, however, was that the assets in the Raptor structure would not devalue.  Of course, for the public equities such as AVICI this is simply not the case.  At the time of the initial analysis in March, AVCI traded at roughly $17 / share and it now trades at $3.65 / share on approximately 1.1 million shares.  OOPS!
Rudi  
Vince:  Here is Kevin's information.
Johnson's Funeral Home
612 Ave. E
Conroe Texas 77305
Deceased : Cornelius Scott Sr.
Funeral :Saturday August 25, 2001
New Mount. Zion Baptist Church
Magnolia Texas
Thanks for Caring 
Kevin Moore
Rakesh,
HC stands for 
Vince
Vince,
I met with Gordon yesterday and have up-to-date information on the public and private hedges we placed in Raptors 1 and 2.  There has been value loss there.  The following are the current values for R1. I shall cross-check the values again before we model these into our liquidation valuation.
For R2, HC is the only remaining value, it appears.  However, we have already entered into a contract with Bear and Stearns who are shorting HC presently and wll settle with Enron around October, 2001, after Enron makes its sale.  So, it may not be relevant if we want to look at the liquidation value at maturity from a volatility perspective.
Thanks.
Public 	Number	Value		
Active Power	    324,000 	        2,060,640 Avici Systems	 1,092,426 	        3,987,355 Catalytica After 12/14	 1,342,889 	      12,165,231  Private  Amerada Hess Exposure		        1,250,000 	commitment to fund by Dec which has not occurred	
Ameritex		        1,209,030 Basic Energy Preferred		          770,245 	may have sale value	
Black Bay Brigham Secured SubDebt Catalytica Before 12/14 City Forest IPC Ecogas Loan & Equity Geo. Pursuit (EBGB Heartland Common		                    0 	bankruptcy	
Heartland Common (Condor Heartland Loan		          137,318 	cash received	
Heartland Warrants Hughes Rawls Loan		        1,100,000 	cash received, ?bankruptcy	
Hughes Rawls Note HV Marine Warrants		      10,125,000 	looking to sell	
Industrial Holdings		        7,121,810 Invasion Energy Juniper		      20,887,595 Juniper Committed Exposurer		        2,560,525 Keathley Canyon LSI Preferred		                   -   	received some paper in banruptcy which has no value	
LSI Warrants Oconto Falls Common		        1,803,840 Oconto Falls IPC		        2,300,803 Texland		        8,971,988 Texland Committed Exposurer		        2,343,750 Vastar		      16,316,247 	Valuation is 1.9 asset and $14.4 cash received	
Vastar Exposure		        1,050,000 	$1.05 cash received	
Venoco Convertible		      44,836,040 	looking to sell	
WB Oil & Gas Merlin Credit Derivative Merlin Credit Derivative  Chewco SLP Exposurer 3TEC Warrants Place Resources Avici Systems Catalytica After 12/14 Quicksilver Ameritex		      727,836.22 Hughes Rawls Note 
Rakesh
Rudi,
Makes sense. Let's meet with Gordon. I shall ask Rakesh to set up a meeting. 
Another question: do you know if the collar was hedged by the equity desk?
I would expect a cash event related to the exercise of the put that will affect Enron's
liquidity at some point.
Vince
Ding 
As ENE stock and the stock market in general has been hammered lately, perhaps it is a good time to call Gordon McKillup and determine how the various Raptor portfolios are postured.
As you may recall from the prior analysis, they placed a option collar around the collateral (ENE stock).  At that time, they felt that it would support the portfolio to around $20 / share.  The main assumption, however, was that the assets in the Raptor structure would not devalue.  Of course, for the public equities such as AVICI this is simply not the case.  At the time of the initial analysis in March, AVCI traded at roughly $17 / share and it now trades at $3.65 / share on approximately 1.1 million shares.  OOPS!
Rudi  
Any comments on this person?
Vince
Dear Vince,
I hope you are doing well.  I would like to ask a favor.  Please take a look at this resume and let me know if this person can meet any needs in your group.  Ms. Jokhadze seems very interested in your area and already interviewed with Maureen Raymond.
Maybe we can go to lunch whenever you are available.
Thanks in advance,
Bessik
Batono Bessik,
It was a pleasure speaking to you.  I appreciate the information you provided and your guidance on the opportunities at Enron.  As you recommended, my chances would be greatly enhanced if with your assistance other managers review my credentials 
I would be very grateful if you could communicate my interest to Mr. Vince Kaminsky.  I am certain my qualifications would be a good fit for a number of positions in his division.
I have also applied for the associate program and perhaps you could advise me on how be considered for the program.
My resume is attached.  Once again I sincerely appreciate your assistance. 
,
Thea Jokhadze
Vince,
Sorry for being terse.  It is Hanover Compressor.  R2 was long swap @ $44.875 (about 5.5 MM shares) with a collar ($34.875 and $94.68), according to my information. It is presently trading around $30.
Rakesh
Rakesh,
HC stands for 
Vince
Vince,
I met with Gordon yesterday and have up-to-date information on the public and private hedges we placed in Raptors 1 and 2.  There has been value loss there.  The following are the current values for R1. I shall cross-check the values again before we model these into our liquidation valuation.
For R2, HC is the only remaining value, it appears.  However, we have already entered into a contract with Bear and Stearns who are shorting HC presently and wll settle with Enron around October, 2001, after Enron makes its sale.  So, it may not be relevant if we want to look at the liquidation value at maturity from a volatility perspective.
Thanks.
Public 	Number	Value		
Active Power	    324,000 	        2,060,640 Avici Systems	 1,092,426 	        3,987,355 Catalytica After 12/14	 1,342,889 	      12,165,231  Private  Amerada Hess Exposure		        1,250,000 	commitment to fund by Dec which has not occurred	
Ameritex		        1,209,030 Basic Energy Preferred		          770,245 	may have sale value	
Black Bay Brigham Secured SubDebt Catalytica Before 12/14 City Forest IPC Ecogas Loan & Equity Geo. Pursuit (EBGB Heartland Common		                    0 	bankruptcy	
Heartland Common (Condor Heartland Loan		          137,318 	cash received	
Heartland Warrants Hughes Rawls Loan		        1,100,000 	cash received, ?bankruptcy	
Hughes Rawls Note HV Marine Warrants		      10,125,000 	looking to sell	
Industrial Holdings		        7,121,810 Invasion Energy Juniper		      20,887,595 Juniper Committed Exposurer		        2,560,525 Keathley Canyon LSI Preferred		                   -   	received some paper in banruptcy which has no value	
LSI Warrants Oconto Falls Common		        1,803,840 Oconto Falls IPC		        2,300,803 Texland		        8,971,988 Texland Committed Exposurer		        2,343,750 Vastar		      16,316,247 	Valuation is 1.9 asset and $14.4 cash received	
Vastar Exposure		        1,050,000 	$1.05 cash received	
Venoco Convertible		      44,836,040 	looking to sell	
WB Oil & Gas Merlin Credit Derivative Merlin Credit Derivative  Chewco SLP Exposurer 3TEC Warrants Place Resources Avici Systems Catalytica After 12/14 Quicksilver Ameritex		      727,836.22 Hughes Rawls Note 
Rakesh
Rudi,
Makes sense. Let's meet with Gordon. I shall ask Rakesh to set up a meeting. 
Another question: do you know if the collar was hedged by the equity desk?
I would expect a cash event related to the exercise of the put that will affect Enron's
liquidity at some point.
Vince
Ding 
As ENE stock and the stock market in general has been hammered lately, perhaps it is a good time to call Gordon McKillup and determine how the various Raptor portfolios are postured.
As you may recall from the prior analysis, they placed a option collar around the collateral (ENE stock).  At that time, they felt that it would support the portfolio to around $20 / share.  The main assumption, however, was that the assets in the Raptor structure would not devalue.  Of course, for the public equities such as AVICI this is simply not the case.  At the time of the initial analysis in March, AVCI traded at roughly $17 / share and it now trades at $3.65 / share on approximately 1.1 million shares.  OOPS!
Rudi  
Dear Energy Supply/Power Marketing Executive:
A letter by Thomas R. Kuhn, President of the Edison Electric Institute, was  published by the Wall Street Journal 12/13/01.  Written in response to  "Shock Waves:  Enron's Swoon Leaves a Grand Experiment in a State of  Disarray" (11/30/01), Mr. Kuhn's letter underscored the strength  demonstrated by competitive U.S. energy markets in light of Enron's  financial crisis.  Attached is a copy of this letter.
Nancy Tarr
Manager, Business Development
EEI Alliance of Energy  Suppliers
701 Pennsylvania Ave., N.W.
Washington, D.C.   20004
Telephone:  202-508-5680
FAX:  202-508-5600www.eei.org/alliance 
ntarr@eei.org 
- kuhn-wsj.pdf 
Sean,
This was exactly the advice I gave to Zimin this morning.
Vince
Vince,
Thank you very much for your effort to set up this conference.
Since Zhiyong just had an accident yesterday, I am afraid it might not be a good time to talk to him at this moment
about my transition ( I have not talked to Zhiyong yet, yesterday Zimin told me to go ahead and Zhiyong had the accident).
Could we wait till he feels better    What do you think about ? Maybe I worry too much.
Sincerely,
Sean Yang
3-0444
Adrianne,
Thanks
Vince
Good Afternoon Vince, 
The HR Associate & Analyst program received Jill Schoenemann's resume from Beth Perlman earlier this month  
I spoke with Jill to discuss the program with her and conveyed to her that compared with other candidates, she would be suited more as an analyst.  Currently, we are only hiring at the Associate level.  I also told Jill that the HR Associate/Analyst program was not the only way to begin a career in HR with Enron.  Jill will be one of the first we consider when we are hiring at the Analyst level later this year  
Thank you for your further recommendation of a great candidate.  I will let you know when we are seeking to hire more HR Analysts  
Kind  
Adrianne Engler
HR Analyst
713-345-7302
Good Afternoon Vince, 
The HR Associate & Analyst program received Jill Schoenemann's resume from Beth Perlman earlier this month  
I spoke with Jill to discuss the program with her and conveyed to her that compared with other candidates, she would be suited more as an analyst.  Currently, we are only hiring at the Associate level.  I also told Jill that the HR Associate/Analyst program was not the only way to begin a career in HR with Enron.  Jill will be one of the first we consider when we are hiring at the Analyst level later this year  
Thank you for your further recommendation of a great candidate.  I will let you know when we are seeking to hire more HR Analysts  
Kind  
Adrianne Engler
HR Analyst
713-345-7302
Paolo,
I should finish the review in a day or two. 
We were quite busy here in Enron for the last few days.
Vince
Dear Dr. Kaminski,
I would appreciate if you could let me know if you have completed to review
the article entitled: "Let's Swing Again (Pricing Non-Storable Commodity
Options" by Grimwood and Hodges.
I have recently received a call from one of the authors and I promised him
that I would have sent them the report as soon as possible. Please let me
know.
Thank you very much for your time and understanding.
,
Paolo
__________________________________________________________
Dr Paolo Cadoni
Technical Assistant, Risk Magazine
Risk Waters Group
Haymarket House                        mailto:pcadoni@riskwaters.com
28-29 Haymarket                          Tel.: +44 (0)20 7484 9804
London SW1Y 4RX                       Fax: +44 (0)20 7930 2238
FYI..
Team,
Attached is my current framework for a possible movement model.  This is 
quite a complex problem and much work needs to be done.  At a minimum I hope 
this will facilitate a valuable discussion.  I have also blended in some 
slides on my thoughts about what CreditStream should do for our clients.
,
Lee
_________________________________________________________________
Jonathan,
Thanks.
Vince
Here are the forms you requested.
Jonathan R Lane
Global Performance Management
Ofc (713) 345-7733
Fax (713) 646-5840
Therese,
Done. Please check.
Vince
As most of you already know I have recently joined the Admin. Staff here in the Research Group and one of my roles will be backing up Shirley and Anita in order to do this effectively I am going to need access to your calendars.
Thanks and Have a Wonderful Evening,
Therese Candella
Nelson,
Thanks for you effort.
Vince
As of 8:00 am this morning, EWS had reached $1,256,247 in pledges, which is 98.45% of our campaign goal of $1,276,000 and our participation rate is 75.02%.
Yesterday was the official end of the campaign.  However, Enron's United Way online pledging system will remain open through August 31.  Anything you can do to help raise the final $20,000 and/or encourage the final 1,000-plus employees to participate will be greatly appreciated. 
Below are the pledge totals and participation rates by business unit/functional group:
GROUP			PLEDGES	% Participation
EA			$214,106	79.56%		(121 employees unaccounted for)
EBS			$161,760	45.20%		(376 employees unaccounted for)
EEOS			$79,117		93.60%		(13 employees unaccounted for)
EEL			$37,377		79.17%		(5 employees unaccounted for)
EGM			$174,663	82.53%		(64 employees unaccounted for)
EIM			$95,246		91.53%		(16 employees unaccounted for)
ENW			$269,346	75.28%		(403 employees unaccounted for)
EWS Bus. Analysis	$39,743		100.00%	(COMPLETE)
EWS Bus. Dev.		$17,198		100.00%	(COMPLETE)
EWS HR		$20,869		87.32%		(9 employees unaccounted for)
EWS Legal		$68,928		97.70%		(2 employees unaccounted for)
EWS Research		$24,913		100.00%	(COMPLETE)
EWS Treasury		$17,981		100.00%	(COMPLETE)
From a corporate perspective, EWS is in 2nd place in % of goal reached and 3rd place in participation rate.  Here are the other groups' totals:
GROUP			PLEDGES	% Participation		% of Goal
ETS			$301,386	94.83%			87.11%
Corporate		$775,390	74.30%			98.78%
EES			$463,697	79.50%			94.06%
Enron-wide		$2,796,721	77.39%			96.40%
If you have any questions, please call me at ext. 3-9053.
Laura,
Given Greg Whalley's schedule, the best day for us to visit with you at Santa Fe
would be Wednesday, September the 5th. WE would arrive from San Francisco, early in the morning
and we could stay through the day.
Please, let me know if this date would work for you.
Vince
Vince,
I have heard back from Dave Weinberger regarding the date of your
visit.  He is available both days but prefers the 31st.  Please let me
know as soon as possible which day you have chosen for your visit.
Thank you,
Laura
Frank,
Thanks for your message.
What about a meeting on Tuesday, September the 4th.
We could meet at your office, let's say at 4 p.m. We would be delighted if you
could join us for dinner later in the evening on the same day.
Vince
Vince,
I'll be out of the country for the next
two weeks, but should be back September 3
and will be in the office all that week.
Frank
Please be aware that there is an email circulating the Enron messaging environment 
The infected email has the following characteristics :
Subject :	Hi
Body :	Hi, I found a cool site An alternative version of the infected email also have an Excel spreadsheet attachment.
If you receive this email, DELETE it immediately. DO NOT CLICK ON THE WEB LINK. DO NOT LAUNCH THE EXCEL ATTACHMENT!
Please note that opening the email automatically via the "preview pane" does NOT launch the virus.
The Enron global messaging service has taken the necessary steps to ensure all  Always ensure you do not launch attachments or web links received from people you do not know. 
Always ensure that you do not access/launch/download any attachments from external (web-based) email service providers while you are using the Enron network.
Detection + Prevention = Protection!
Thank you.
FYI. The first leg of the trip has been confirmed.
Vince.
Vince,
4 pm on September 4 and I'd be happy to go to dinner.
Frank
At 08:33 AM 8/23/01 -0500, you wrote:
Frank,