<a
href bscribe 
Make sure it is after 4:00, I do not want him to sit with me during trading 
hours. Thanks Brad
Tom: Can you quickly tell me if the breakout of Algonquin will occur anytime 
soon. Brad
I gave this info to Robin Barbe she will be your contact # 713 853 7177. Brad
Rex: The individual to call is Nelson Murray at 713 286 - 2159, If you need 
any other info please let me know. Thanks for all of your help. Brad
Chip: Thanks for the call yesterday. You are now as old as I am, but I am not 
sure if you are as mature as I am. Happy Birthday, have a great day. Brad
Thanks man I feel like the old man that I am. I only have 5 years until it 
gets really bad. Hunting was great the dog did great, he tried to attack a 
bull and went tearing through the brush I thought that I would never find 
him. After he settled down he did great. Thanks for keeping the family. 
Tiffany told me that you guys taught her how to CALL THE HOGS. Brad
I will check on this, thanks for the info.brad
I was the one that talked to David Behrman. We talked about splitting out the 
Algonquin Citygate prices. Why didn't you mention Algonquin in the Gas Daily 
article?
Brad
please give me the names of the individuals. thanks brad
please change the counterparty
Greg: I talked to Craig and he wants to bring you back in to meet with Fred 
Lagratsa. You should hear from Fred or Craig sometime soon  to setup a 
meeting this week. I never bet on the OWLS, I usually will bet against them 
unless the spread seems way out of line. Brad
Thanks for your help. I hope that you were not offended by my comments the 
other day, they were not directed at you. Brad
Rex: I have an article to fax to you please send me your fax #. I hope all is 
well in Amarillo. Longhorns look good, this weekend will be a good test for 
them. Tiff and the kids are great. Both kids are very excited to be in 
school, lets hope that this enthusiasm last for another 16 years. Brad
YES
Craig: I just noticed that you have me partnered with Les instead of Mills. 
Thanks Brad
Mike: Thanks for the invitation unfortunately I will not be able to attend. 
Brad
Greg: I will not be able to go to lunch with you, dinner is possible. I would 
suggest you wear a suit. I am not sure at this point who you will interview 
with, I should know soon. I will call you 8/23 to talk about Thurs. If you do 
not hear from me please call me (wk 853-7699, hm 972-1208 
Graydon: I  was thinking i may come into Austin this weekend to do some sking 
on lake austin, let me know if that is good. Maybe Sat morn. BT
Mom & Dad: Lance Sticksel lives in L.A. his # is 805 489 3254/cell phone 805 709 5538, if you have any questions about anything call him he will help.
Hey while you guys are out there please find out who killed Robert Blake's 
wife so we don't have to read about it. Have a great trip
Try the arrows to move it around
Can you tell me if i can fly southwest to and from dallas? If I can what 
would this cost me? Brad
Rex: Thanks for the update, I get in around 5:30. I wil get all my stamps and 
shells this evening. Have a safe hunt see you soon. 
Nada mucho amigo
Davis: Sorry for the late payment. I read the same article, the market hates 
us as much as our customers and competitors do. Brad
not yet
8.41
i will find out 
Sent by: Enron Announcements@
Version 2.0 of the ClickAtHome Portal is now available  Log into www.clickathome.net now, from work or home!
Access the PEP System through the portal  Choose your reviewers and fill out your evaluations in the comfort and 
privacy of your home!
Outlook Web Access and eHRonline will be available SOON 
The ClickAtHome portal is fully customizable for you  YOU choose the content on each page, as well as the look and feel! 
Note: the ClickAtHome portal must be launched through an Internet Explorer 
browser, 5.0 or higher.
sat, i do not know the time
8.41 on 54,000 shares traded
LUB trading at around $8.45 up $0.15 on the day, 41,000 shares traded. looks 
good
Jim: Take mids and add $0.05 for basis and $0.015 for index. Please call if 
you have any questions. Brad
Thomas: Can you please answer the following questions:
1. What is the NYC Gate volume that can be switched to NYH#6, NYH#2 and 
Diesel ?
2. What utilities have this capability, and what is the volume per utility?
3. What is the volume outside NYC that can be switched?
4. Explain the mechanism for determining the fuel oil pricing
I was at the meeting I had to leave early, thanks Brad
Jim: Are these basis offers or efp offers?
Have a safe trip home.love brad
I am sorry I did not understand your message. You must have been in San 
Antonio. Brad
Who did this deal?
I have it took 2 days though. Thanks for coming to Bradley's game, he was 
very excited.
I knew you all would love this....Danna
 Yep, he took one Viagra too many.