- Paintjob.jpg
Please click on the URL below for Enron's 2001 Holiday Schedule.
I hope you have a good day back at school.  I love you.
D
?
?
?
I'll try and find out today.
D
DMoore2651@aol.com on 11/22/2000 04:53:01 AM
Any chance of you knowing the phone number of the place where Kristi gets her
nails done?  I want to give her gift certificates from there for Christmas.
Clark sent me about 24 pictures of your visit...In one, Carley and Erin look
like sisters.
Russell,
These are all of our book names:
GD-NEW
GD-NEWJR
FT-WEST
FT-NORTHWEST
MGMT-WEST
WEST-NW
WEST-SW
WEST-PERM
WEST-SJ
For Basis, add  -BAS to the end of the book name.  For Gas Daily, add  -GDL 
to the end of the book name.  Call me if you have any questions.
DG    3-9573
Russ,
I got this from Regina just before she changed groups.
DG    3-9573
Uncle Clark,
It just dawned on my that I never really thanked you for our visit.  All four 
of us had a great time.  It was so good to see all of you and especially 
great to see the kids get together and have so much fun.  I really regret 
that as I was growing up, we really did not see that much of each other( and 
by we, I mean the Kansas group and the Girons).  But even given that, I feel 
as if you all have been part of my life and every time we get together it's 
like we have always spent alot of time together.  I guess that's why they 
call it family.  So once again, thanks for your hospitality and we look 
forward to our next get together, wherever and whenever it may be.
Darron
Done.  I did the 1999 changes as well.
DG    3-9573
Darron,
Could you please change rate on the above Sitara to $4.878216 for Oct. 00 
production?
Thanks for your help,
T  3-9852
I asked Keith Holst (trader) again.  His answer was the same.  There were 
more buyers than sellers in the West during March, hence the price was 
stronger.  Thanks.
DG
Darron 
Thanks for your response.  We understand that the west traded higher in 
general during March v. Feb,  as evidenced by the data.  However, we are 
looking for specific reasons as to why this is so.  For example, if the 
market was more volatile at these locations, then why?  What particular 
market conditions sparked large price changes, etc?  Please let me know if 
you have any questions.
Thanks,
Jennifer
Jennifer,
The market just traded higher in the West in general during the month of 
March compared to February.  That is why we see the shift in NGI-MALIN and 
NGI-PGE CG.  As for IF-CIG WIC, it was also the way the market traded.  Other 
Rocky Mountain points were similar.  Please call if you have any further 
questions.
DG
Darron 
Before I send out the memo for March, I have a few questions about 3 curves 
that were reviewed this month.  Attached are Powerpoint slides containg the 
10 curves that were validated for March.  The ones I'm asking you to take a 
look at are:
NGI-MALIN
NGI-PGE CG
IF-CIG WIC
The shifts in MALIN and PGE CG are pretty clear.  For CIG WIC, please note 
how the front years show a price drop compared to prior months, while marks 
in the mid-years have shifted upward by approximately  $0.10.  Thanks for 
your help, and please let me know if you have any questions.
Jennifer
Russell,
Here are our portfolio and book codes:
Port Book
1 Q
G G
E #
L A
4 5
P A
Call me if you have any questions.
DG    3-9573
This is sweet.
Here's something useful.
- 100pr.exe
Dawn C Kenne
11/10/2000 04:08 PM
A little humor for all of you following the presidential race 
?
- untitled1.bmp
Kathy,
I tried calling but could not get you or your voicemail.  Tomorrow is the 
first day of bidweek and I also have some other meetings to attend.  I think 
we need to skip this week and pick up next Tuesday.  Sorry for the 
inconvenience.
DG
t1eli9.2l5.37kbi7f for  -0500 (EST)
that shit is fucking funny, I got one from the Chris Rock show for you.
Later
- Nplease.mpg
t1bbnj.2deb.37kbi5a for  -0500 (EST)
?
?
- Fword.wav
P&L is OK.  Open position is 39.0 contracts.
DG
Chris Abel
11/17/2000 05:17 PM
In addition:  expert clauses - which ones need to be changed, when and why what are reversals and why we use them - how to check physical prompt month 
value for potential errors - how to calculate physical prompt month value checking the OA Flash tab.  I am sure there are some others.
DG
Topics should include:  NX3 roll-off, the curveshift associate with basis NX3 
roll-off and where it will show up on the p&l, what days we will roll in 
index - the percentages, how to adjust percentages for fixed priced prompt 
month positions, when to bring in prompt month value, how to put liquidations 
in the physical P&L, how to roll the physical and financial p&l's, etc.
Any suggestions?
Dave
Our next class will combine EOM bench/NGP&L and P&L procedures.  We will hold 
the class Tuesday @ 9:30 and combine both groups 1&2 for one class.  Jeff 
would like to go over the bench and NGP&L process for 45 minutes or so, and 
the rest of the class will be handled by Dave and Kam.  I will leave it to 
you 2 to decide who will talk about what.  Lets get together on Monday to 
brainstorm.
WK
Daniel,
I show a net open position of (15.9) contracts.
DG    3-9573
I relpied to mom already, but thought you would want to see it.
D
Darnellmo@aol.com on 11/15/2000 04:49:06 PM
Will be sending you info about a first cousin's reunion set for next sept
near Denver.  Barry's family had already planned a family vacation there and
I think Sean and Kim convinced them that this would be a good time for all 9
of you to try to get together.
Barry already has reservations at two condos there so will xerox Erva's
letter.  I am willing to foot the bill for the condos.
MOM
Sorry.  I just did.
DG
We would love to do this.
D
Darnellmo@aol.com on 11/15/2000 04:49:06 PM
Will be sending you info about a first cousin's reunion set for next sept
near Denver.  Barry's family had already planned a family vacation there and
I think Sean and Kim convinced them that this would be a good time for all 9
of you to try to get together.
Barry already has reservations at two condos there so will xerox Erva's
letter.  I am willing to foot the bill for the condos.
MOM
I am still trying to recruit.  It seems everyone is out of town that 
weekend.  When is the deadline?  Let me know.  Oh, I almost forgot, 
Congratulations!!
DG
A W4 calculates how much federal tax is withheld from your paycheck each pay 
period.  There are two basic drivers:  number of dependents and filing 
status.  The higher the number of dependents, the less is withheld.  Married 
and jointly will also have less withheld than married and seperately.  There 
is really no right or wrong answer, only opinion.  If you want more withheld 
each pay period so that there is less of a chance of actually owing $ on 
April 15th, then claim fewer dependents and married and seperately.  If you 
don't want the government to get your $ interest free, but are aware that you 
may owe $ later on (April 15th), then claim a higher number of dependents and 
married and jointly.  I hope that made sense.
DG
A W4 calculates how much federal tax to withhold from your paycheck each pay 
period.  There are two basic drivers:  number of dependents and filing 
status.  The higher the number of dependents, the less is withheld.  Married 
and jointly will also have less withheld than married and seperately.  There 
is really no good or bad answer, only opinion.  If you want more withheld 
each pay period so that there is less of a chance of actually owing $ on 
April 15th, then claim more dependents and married and jointly.  If you don't 
want the government to get your $ interest free, but are aware that you may 
owe $ later on (April 15th), then claim fewer dependents and married and 
seperately.  I hope that made sense.
DG
Scott.T.Crowell@us.cgeyc.com on 11/14/2000 04:46:33 PM
Darron,
Can you answer this tax question for Lelie?
Scott
"Leslie Scharck"
Hey Scott T -  I was just up on 19 funny knowing you're right above me.
They just sent me down a new W4 to fill out - do you know if its better
to
file married and jointly or married and separately? How do I find out.
You
know Mr. Scharck doesnt have a clue and Im not really sure either.
Thanks for the idea about the DVD player - thats what he is getting and
Mike
told me to get The Patriot, Matrix and Fight Club - Big George is
driving up
with Drew, Chris Melber, Ross etc on Friday and he is going to take it
for me
- so you don't have to mess with it.
Ciao, Lester
www.mimesweeper.com
______________________________________________________________________
The information contained in this communication is intended solely for the
use of the individual or entity to whom it is addressed and others
authorized to receive it. It may contain confidential or legally privileged
information. If you are not the intended recipient you are hereby notified
that any disclosure, copying, distribution or taking any action in reliance
on the contents of this information is strictly prohibited and may be
unlawful. If you have received this communication in error, please notify
us immediately by responding to this email and then delete it from your
system. Cap Gemini Ernst & Young is neither liable for the proper and
complete transmission of the information contained in this communication
nor for any delay in its receipt.
forgot the attachment 
As discussed in the brown bag classes today many people would like to be able 
to see the NYMEX prices updated in real-time.  Attached is a modified TDS 
file that will listen to the NYMEX price.  When you open the file an error 
message appears but the file does work.  Just go to the listen page and you 
can see each of the months.  Please forward this file to your group if you 
feel it will be useful to them.  If you have any questions just ask.
VIctor
Put me down for the 15th also.  Thanks.
DG    3-9573
Please review the below calendar, then inform me of  any revisions that need 
to be made on your vacation time 
Thank you,
Irena
Eric,
I am afraid I have not made that much progress on my assignment.  I talked to 
ML Ruffer about the $1.2M basis swap.  She does not specifically know about 
the deal, but does know she gave between $1M and $2M to the West desk out of 
a reserve behind the scenes.  I don't know for sure, but this has to be how 
the $ got in the West P&L.  It is booked on 11/12/99 which is between 
EC3952.P (the annuity getting the unamortized $27M into the West desk) and 
EC3952.S (the annuity getting the $5M from Corp into the West desk).  I 
hadn't paid attention until just now, but Suzette Emmons booked the deal She ran the transport book at that time 
The physical buys from Canada (EC2208.11, EC3952.15, and EC3952.11) are 
booked correctly in Sitara.  EC3952.11 was changed by Kathy Reeves from 
ending in '08 to ending in '01 on 4/4/00.  However, the end date remains '08 
in Sitara.  I don't know why the term was changed.
I have meetings almost all day.  I will still try and investigate, but I know 
you were looking for some answers today.  You may want to try and get in 
touch with Suzette and see if she remembers the basis swaps.
DG    3-9573
12:28:51 -0500 (EST)
Nov 2000 17:28:47 GMT
Share information about yourself, create your own public profile at
-0500
Nov 2000 23:10:59 GMT
Share information about yourself, create your own public profile at
- GREATJ.jpg
I was going to last night, but it didn't sound like you wanted to talk.  We 
had a great time.  Only wish we could have stayed longer.  It was cold but 
the game was fun.  It was good to see the kids getting along as well as they 
did.  We will try and make it a regular trip.  We also spoke about maybe 
getting together in Dallas sometime next year.  I need to go, but will talk 
to you later.
D
Darnellmo@aol.com on 11/14/2000 10:30:17 PM
I had rather hoped you would share a few words about the Kansas trip with me.
Mark.Ebert@broadwing.com on 11/14/2000 01:50:35 PM
(See attached file: WPB Voting Ballot_.doc)
- WPB Voting Ballot_.doc
Jennifer,
The market just traded higher in the West in general during the month of 
March compared to February.  That is why we see the shift in NGI-MALIN and 
NGI-PGE CG.  As for IF-CIG WIC, it was also the way the market traded.  Other 
Rocky Mountain points were similar.  Please call if you have any further 
questions.
DG
Darron 
Before I send out the memo for March, I have a few questions about 3 curves 
that were reviewed this month.  Attached are Powerpoint slides containg the 
10 curves that were validated for March.  The ones I'm asking you to take a 
look at are:
NGI-MALIN
NGI-PGE CG
IF-CIG WIC
The shifts in MALIN and PGE CG are pretty clear.  For CIG WIC, please note 
how the front years show a price drop compared to prior months, while marks 
in the mid-years have shifted upward by approximately  $0.10.  Thanks for 
your help, and please let me know if you have any questions.
Jennifer
Jackson Logan
11/14/2000 03:16 PM
THE CLASSIC VERSION -
The ant works hard in the withering heat all summer long, building his
house and laying up supplies for the winter. The Grasshopper thinks he's a
fool and laughs and dances and plays the summer away. Come winter, the ant
is warm and well fed. The grasshopper has no food or shelter so he dies out
in the cold.
THE MODERN VERSION -
The ant works hard in the withering heat all summer long, building his
house and laying up supplies for the winter. The Grasshopper thinks he's a
fool and laughs and dances and plays the summer away.
Come winter, the shivering grasshopper calls a press conference and
demands to know why the ant should be allowed to be warm and well fed while
others are cold and starving. CBS, NBC and ABC show up to provide pictures
of the shivering grasshopper next to a video of the ant in his comfortable
home with a table filled with food.
"America" is stunned by the sharp contrast. How can this be, that in a
country of such wealth, this poor grasshopper is allowed to suffer so?
Kermit the Frog appears on Oprah with the grasshopper, and everybody cries
when they sing "It's Not Easy Being Green."
Bill and Hillary Clinton make a special guest appearance on the CBS
Evening News to tell a concerned Dan Rather that they will do everything
they Can for the grasshopper who has been denied the prosperity he deserves
by Those who benefited unfairly during the Reagan summers, or as Bill
refers
to it as "Temperatures of the 80's."
Jesse Jackson stages a demonstration in front of the ant's house where
the news stations film the group singing "We shall overcome". Jesse then
has
the group kneel down to pray to God for the grasshopper's sake.
Al Gore exclaims in an interview with Peter Jennings that the ant has
gotten rich off the back of the grasshopper, and calls for an immediate tax
hike on the ant to make him pay his "fair share".
Finally, the EEOC drafts the "Economic Equity and Anti-Ant Act",
retroactive to the beginning of the summer. The ant is fined for failing to
hire a proportionate number of green bugs and, having nothing left to pay
his retroactive taxes, his home is confiscated by the government.
Hillary gets her old law firm to represent the grasshopper in a
Defamation suit against the ant, and the case is tried before a panel of
federal judges that Bill appointed from a list of single-parent welfare
recipients who can only hear cases on Thursday's between 1:30 and 3:00 PM
when there are no talk shows scheduled. The ant loses the case.
The story ends as we see the grasshopper finishing up the last bits of
The ant's food while the government house he is in, which just happens to
be
the ant's old house, crumbles around him since he doesn't maintain it. The
ant has disappeared in the snow. And on the TV, which the grasshopper
bought
by selling most of the ant's food, they are showing Bill Clinton standing
before a wildly applauding group of Democrats announcing that a new era of
"fairness" has dawned in America.
The grasshopper is found dead in a drug related incident and the house,
now abandoned, is taken over by a gang of spiders who terrorize the once
peaceful neighborhood.
Remember to Vote 
Here is another one.  It will be another Chicago book.  We will never 
officialize the book.  Thanks.
DG    3-9573
Susan,
I believe this is all of the Enovate/EMW books that are officialized each 
night.
IM-EMWNSS1-PRC
IM-EMWNSS1-BAS
IM-EMWNSS1-IDX
IM-EMWNSS1-PHY
IM-EMWNSS2-PRC
IM-EMWNSS2-BAS
IM-EMWNSS2-IDX
IM-EMWNSS2-PHY
FT-IM-ENOV-PRC
FT-IM-ENOV-BAS
FT-IM-ENOV-IDX
FT-IM-ENOV-GDL
FT-IM-ENOV-PHY
INTRA-ENOV-PRC
INTRA-ENOV-BAS
INTRA-ENOV-IDX
INTRA-ENOV-PHY
TP-EMWNSS-PRC
TP-EMWNSS-BAS
TP-EMWNSS-IDX
Call me with any questions.
DG    3-9573
 I thought this was a little humorous!