I called and asked for an information packet on the Enron insurance plan (it 
is through MetLife) last week.  I will let you know as soon as it comes.
Thanks for the update on Tim & Sharon.  I guess the down-side of a 2 year old 
is that she may already have a fairly well formed personality, but the 
up-side is they will know she is healthy and she is still young enough to 
learn a new language easily.
Feel free to let me know when the bank statement comes - I seem to remember 
that we came up with a scheme to deal with that last year.  I'll bet we can 
do it again!  And until then we can just bask in the light of this amazing 
run in the ENE stock price - wow!
January 7, 2000
Writer Patrick O'Brian Dies at 85
A.P. INDEXES: TOP STORIES | NEWS | SPORTS | BUSINESS | TECHNOLOGY ENTERTAINMENT 
Filed at 3:21 p.m. EST
By The Associated Press
LONDON (AP) -- Patrick O'Brian, whose celebrated novels of 19th
century seafaring won praise from critics and the loyalty of 
legions of
readers, has died. He was 85. 
O'Brian died in Dublin, Ireland, where he had been working on a book
for several weeks at Trinity College. The cause of death was not 
given
and there were conflicting reports of the date. 
The British Embassy in Paris said O'Brian died Tuesday, but 
newspapers
and the news agency Press Association said he died Sunday. O'Brian
had lived in France since 1949. 
O'Brian's major work was a 20-volume series set in the Royal Navy
during the Napoleonic wars. 
A deep knowledge of naval history and 19th century life enabled him 
to
evoke a time and place so vividly that, in this era of supersonic 
jets and
smart bombs, his readers were gripped by the slow-motion suspense of
sea battles fought under sail. 
The series, begun in 1969 with ``Master and Commander,'' is the 
story
of the friendship between a bold and ambitious navy officer, Jack
Aubrey, and the ship's surgeon Stephen Maturin, a naturalist and 
secret
agent who doesn't much like sailing. 
Although the books were well-reviewed and found an enthusiastic
readership from the start, it wasn't until the 1990s that they 
achieved
wide recognition abroad and were lifted out of the ``historical 
fiction''
genre in which they generally were reviewed. 
In 1991, a New York Times critic called O'Brian ``the best novelist 
you
have never heard of 
``Patrick O'Brian has written great and enduring literature which 
happens
to be set largely at sea,'' the Sunday Telegraph wrote in 1997, 
praising
``the intensity of characterization, the complex elegance of the 
plotting,
and the brilliance of the writing 
O'Brian also proved that, in the hands of a skilled writer, 
specialist
language need not be an obstacle to understanding. Readers who can't
remember which side of a ship is starboard still can feel the 
frantic activity
on deck as the sails unfurl and catch the wind, and the excitement 
as a
man-of-war turns to engage the enemy. 
A lexicon explaining O'Brian's nautical terminology was published, 
but
O'Brian didn't think definitions important. 
``Ignorance of the cross-catharpins is not necessarily fatal,'' he 
once said.
``Explanation almost certainly would be 
O'Brian's fans range from actor Charlton Heston to critic John 
Bayley, a
former Oxford professor of literature who wrote that O'Brian's
``originality consists in the unpretentious use he makes of 
(history) to
invent a new style of fiction 
``No other writer,'' Bayley wrote, ``not even Melville, has 
described the
whale and the wandering albatross with O'Brian's studious and yet 
lyrical
accuracy 
O'Brian guarded his privacy, and in his few interviews resisted 
questions
about his personal life. 
He was born Dec. 12, 1914, in Chalfont St. Peter, west of London, 
and
it wasn't until 1998 that he was revealed to be the son of an 
English
doctor and not an Irishman as had been widely believed, the Daily
Telegraph said in an obituary Friday. 
The newspaper said O'Brian was born Richard Patrick Russ, but
changed his name in 1945. During his school years, he was 
frequently ill,
spending much time reading. His writing career began at age 15, 
when he
published a book about the union of a giant panda and a snow 
leopard. 
During World War II, O'Brian drove ambulances and worked briefly
with Britain's Political Intelligence Department. 
In 1949, he and his second wife, Mary, moved to Collioure, southern
France. His first seafaring novel was ``The Golden Ocean'' in 1956,
about a Pacific expedition. 
O'Brian's Aubrey-Maturin series was already well under way in 
Britain
by the beginning of the 1990s, when editor Starling Lawrence of the
American publisher W.W. Norton chanced to read one on a flight 
home. 
The rest, as they say, is publishing history. 
Several years ago, the writer said he would end the series with the 
20th
book, but last month he said he was working on volume 21, the Daily
Telegraph reported. 
O'Brian also wrote biographies of Picasso and naturalist Sir Joseph
Banks. A linguist, he translated the work of French writers Simone 
de
Beauvoir and Colette. 
O'Brian was made a Commander of the Order of British Empire in 1995.
Funeral plans were not announced. He is survived by a son, Richard,
from his first marriage. 
Here is a revised version - let me know what you think.
Here are my drafts of letters for ECT and Seagull regarding the transfer of 
Seagull's positions at E.D.&F. Man.   Please let me know if you have any 
questions.
Adele,
Here is a revised version.  Let me know what you think.
Mark
This will summarize our conversation this morning in which you asked if there 
was a problem with your purchase of an equity investment (through a private 
placement) in an internet/communications company.  My response was that Enron 
prohibits the trading by employees of (i) any security on the Restricted List 
maintained by the Compliance Group, (ii) any security, instrument or 
commodity within that employees area of responsibility and (iii) any energy 
commodity.  I suggested that you contact Donna Lowry to confirm both my 
understanding and that the security in question is not on teh Restricted List.
While I did not mention it on the phone, I should point out that it would be 
unwise to take a position in a competitor of Enron's that would (or might in 
the future) give you control or the appearance of control or influence over 
the management of that competitor.
Adele,
Here is a revised version.  Let me know what you think.
Mark
Mark,
Please go ahead and have this Letter Agreement executed as revised and send
it to my attention.  I have instructed the traders concerned to execute the
password agreement. Thank you.
Adele
Adele,
Here is a revised version.  Let me know what you think.
Mark
(See attached file: PSEG.doc)
Good idea!
Carol St Clair
01/11/2000 10:59 AM
Mark:
Would you be okay if our group organized a lunch for Bill and the credit 
group to celebrate his promotion?  It could alos serve the purpose perhaps of 
catching up with them on the latest issues.  Let me know what you think.  In 
lieu of going out, I was thinking that Suzanne could arrange to have it 
catered by someone that serves good food.
Carol
This letter goes a good bit further than we have with any of the North 
American counterparties negotiating the ETA in that it identifies only those 
portions of the ETA that control over the masters rather than identifying 
those provisions which are subject to the masters.  In my view there are 
really only very few places where we do not want the ETA to govern.  Most of 
the agreement relates to the use of the website itself and to that extent 
there either should be no conflict with the master or if, by some tortured 
interpretation there is a conflict, the ETA should control.  In one case I 
had to go through the entire ETA with the counterparty's lawyer, paragraph by 
paragraph, to identify those provisions where we would be willing to allow 
the master to control.  The only sections we had to amend were the first 
sentence of section 3(e) (regarding confirmations - this may be different in 
the UK version), the confidentiality provisions and the notice provisions of 
section 6(e).  And of course nearly every counterparty making comments has 
insisted that the indemnity provisions be scaled back to one extent or 
another.
Maybe if PowerGen is intransigent, they would be willing to add a sentence to 
the letter indicating that the ETA will control regarding the acess to and 
use of the website.  In an attempt to differentiate between our contractual 
trading arrangements and our agreement concerning the use of the website, 
perhaps Paragraph 3(a) can read something like "Except as set forth under 
paragraph 3.(b) and (c) below, in the event of any conflict between the ETA 
and the master agreement, with respect to the terms of any Transactionthe 
master agreement shall prevail.
If we have to use this letter, my only other suggestion to the language would 
be to refer in paragraph numbered 1 to "The agreements listed beloweach
comprises a" or better yet "Each agreement listed below is a" rather than 
"The agreements listed below comprise the".
David Forster
01/11/2000 12:15 PM
Mark,
I would appreciate your opinion on the attached. Can you have a look and let 
me know what you think?
Thanks,
Dave
Justin Boyd
11/01/2000 15:13
Dave,
I'm trying to reach agreement with PowerGen re: EOL trades - they are still 
very concerned with the overriding effect of the ETA, and will not accept our 
position.
However, I have managed to get somewhere..........and I attach a draft I 
propose to send to their lawyer.  This is I believe as far as we can get with 
PowerGen (I did speak to him and I don't think he will go any further than as 
set forth in the draft).  The key point for me was to get PowerGen to agree 
(which I think they will) that the short + long descriptions [key elements of 
any trade] prevail over the master.
Thoughts, comments please 
My view - if PowerGen agrees the draft, that should give us sufficient 
comfort 
Thanks
Justin
We need to revise the Counterparty Matrix procedures.  Counterparties with a 
North American financial master agreement should only map to North American 
financial products (including all weather and paper transactions Therefore, please revise the counterparty matrix to reflect that those 
counterparties with a North American master map to GTC's for European 
derivative transactions.  Please call me or Tana if you have any questions.
Thanks!
Mark
I'm off to New York for a meeting but thought you might like to see this:
Wednesday January 12, 11:30 am Eastern Time
RESEARCH ALERT - Enron price target raised
NEW YORK, Jan 12 (Reuters) - Schroder & Co Inc said Wednesday it raised Enron
Corp's (NYSE:ENE - news) price target to $75 from $60 and cut 2000 earnings 
per share
estimates.
-- raised price target because ``as the bandwidth trading market unfolds over 
the next 12 months, we anticipate that an
additional $15 of value will be created for shareholders, with considerably 
greater value possible as the market develops 
-- cut 2000 estimates to $1.45 per share from $1.55 "due to
fine-tuning."
-- introduced 2001 EPS of $1.75.
-- "Bandwidth trading will be a critical value creator in
2000. Enron has built a critical base in the emerging bandwidth commodity 
industry, which is poised to achieve rapid growth in
2000."
-- ``Bandwidth trading keys off Enron's market dominant skills developed in 
trading electricity and natural gas. After executing
the first key bandwidth trade in 1999, Enron appears poised to begin posting 
rising transaction volumes, establishing the
credibility of this new industry 
-- ``The ultimate value of bandwidth trading is likely to exceed the total 
value of Enron's existing electricity and gas franchise 
Would you guys please take a look at this and let me know what sorts of 
restrictions you would suggest we try and put on these guys and what sorts of 
legal disclaimers/notices should be on the site?
Thanks,
Mark
Michael Etringer
01/14/2000 05:00 PM
Mark,
As discussed, here is the URL for the proposed web site  
It is still on an internal server which I hope you will have access to.  Let 
me know if it doesn't work 
The User ID is: "user1"  and the Password is:  "test 
I also ran through several of the web sites from which we gather our 
In terms of timing, we hope to release the site by the end of January to a 
limited customer listing.
,
Mike Etringer
503-464-3836
Looks like Mr. B has a late swim practice tonight so we won't be at Adobe 
:-(.  Maybe next time.  If I don't see you, have a very merry one and let's 
talk next week.
mark
Have you seen this?
Michael Etringer
01/14/2000 05:00 PM
Mark,
As discussed, here is the URL for the proposed web site  
It is still on an internal server which I hope you will have access to.  Let 
me know if it doesn't work 
The User ID is: "user1"  and the Password is:  "test 
I also ran through several of the web sites from which we gather our 
In terms of timing, we hope to release the site by the end of January to a 
limited customer listing.
,
Mike Etringer
503-464-3836
The SRRS indicates there are no requests awaiting my approval.
Information Risk Management
01/14/2000 05:03 PM
Please be informed that you  have one or more SRRS requests that are 
outstanding due to a pending action to approve or reject decision on your 
part. Please  go to the SRRS (Lotus Notes desktop icon) and select the 
"Requests Awaiting my Approval" option and complete the necessary  action. 
More SRRS request information can be seen within the request by clicking on 
"Resource Display 
Your response will enable the SRRS process to continue for eventual closure. 
Thank you, 
Information Risk Management 
Nony Flores
01/14/2000 06:34 PM
Mark 
Mike Robison and I have finalized the form of GTC's for ECFC and are 
forwarding them to you for further distribution.  Thanks.
John 
The only modifications to ECFC's online GTC's are as follows:
Contract Formation In order to maintain consistency with the other product 
lines online GTCs, we've modified this section to reflect the same 
introduction as reflected in ELFI, EGLI, ERAC and EPC.
Damages and Limitation We've added a 2 line bilateral provision regarding 
payment.
Financial Information We've added the two paragraphs re credit provisions as 
reflected in the confirmations.
Compliance with U.S. Laws We've added the buyer/seller trade sanctions as 
reflected in the confirmations.
Law and Jurisdiction We replaced this section in its entirety with the new 
policy in effect as of June 1998.
Appendix II We've added the Marine Provisions Addendum.
Appendix III We've added the Transportation Addendum.
Thanks.
Nony Flores
Ext. 37541
Dale Neuner on 01/12/2000 05:24:45 PM
Mark -
Although these products were not on the release list for the Jan 5 release, 
we have been actively pursuing their completion and posting to EOL. Since our 
reviews of the products are complete, the Petrochems guys are extremely eager 
to have their products posted. Please offer your approval of the attached 
ASAP so I can get this and the product onto EOL.
Nony -
We were expecting delivery of the Methanol GTC today. Please be aware that 
the uploading of GTC's can sometimes be laborious, and since the Petrochem 
guys are eager to get this out, time is of the essence. Please let me know 
when you can expect delivery of the Methanol GTC to Mark Taylor.
Dale
Nony Flores
01/11/2000 06:09 PM
Mark 
Last week Dale Neuner was requested to add four new commodities to on-line 
trading and Mike Robison and Steve Elliott have reviewed and approved the 
long descriptions for benzene, mixed xylene, toluene and methanol.   We have 
also finalized the form of GTC's for EPC (who trades benzene, xylene and 
toluene) and are forwarding them to you for further distribution.
Note:  GTC's for Enron Clean Fuels Company (who trades methanol) will follow 
on Wednesday.
Thanks.
Nony Flores
Ext. 3-7541
The flyer didn't come through - do you have a copy?
Janice R Moore
01/17/2000 11:19 AM
Do you think we could get enough value out of this to warrant $2300 Enclosed is a flyer regarding E-Commerce Boot Camp in SF.  To preserve the 
confidentiality of the identities of our clients, we have addressed this 
e-mail to bcc's.
Please contact me or Caroline Mead in our San Francisco office should you 
require any further information or wish to send a representative.
Eric W. Sedlak
Deacons Graham & James
6 Battery Road #22-00
Singapore 049909
Tel: 65-224-7787
Fax: 65-224-7328
E-Mail: eric.sedlak@dgj.com
Website: www.dgj.com
This message is confidential and may be legally privileged.  If you have 
and notify the sender by return.
- att1.htm
Don't be too hard on him just yet.  Remember that we talked about many 
similar issues here when they first came up.  Maybe after we've been through 
these with him once he will negotiate them in the first case and only bring 
the tough sticking points to us.
Louise Kitchen
01/17/2000 02:25 PM
Please deal with this for me - but my initial thoughts are that we cannot 
address the majority of these.
Thanks
David Forster
01/14/2000 06:43 PM
I'm running out of time - can you handle?
Thanks,
Dave
Justin Boyd
14/01/2000 11:36
PA
They wish to amend the PA such that:
Enron warrants that their use of the passwords and the Website does not cause 
them to breach any third party rights 
they only notify us of unauthorised disclosure or use of passwords upon their 
learning of the same.
they can withdraw or amend information provided to Enron from time to time
ETA
They do not want to be bound by future terms and conditions imposed by Enron 
(see 1(iii))
They wish to restrict our use of information to Enron Group companies (see 
last sentence of 2(b))
They feel unable to make the statement in the first sentence of 2(d), since 
they trade through various group company agents on behalf of a BV principal
To establish a tangible audit trail and for verification, they wish to be 
able to verify our paper confirms (see 3(e))
They wish to restructure the indemnity entirely (see 4), such that each party 
is liable for losses suffered by the other due to its own wilful 
default/negligence/omission.
They wish to have the right to terminate the ETA (see 6(a)), and wish that 
electronic notices be deemed sent when the sender receives notice from the 
system of delivery or failed delivery (see 6(e 
Some of these are more important than others, but there are some key points Please let me know what you think - thanks
Justin
Paul Simons
01/17/2000 08:01 AM
NOTE - GIVEN THE PROPOSED LAUNCH DATE OF 24 JANUARY 2000 FOR THIS PRODUCT, 
THIS NOTE IS INTENDED TO SERVE BOTH AS A SUMMARY OF THE RESULTS OF OUR LEGAL 
DUE DILIGENCE AND AS A RISK MEMO
As you know, we have carried out legal due diligence in the eight countries 
where it was intended the credit product  would initially be traded via 
EnronOnLine - namely, the UK, the US, Canada, Finland, Germany, Norway, 
Sweden and Switzerland.  Under the terms of the credit product, on the 
occurrence of  a bankruptcy with respect to a specified third party (the 
Reference Entity) the Seller of the product (which could be either Enron or 
its online counterparty) will pay a fixed, pre-agreed cash sum in an agreed 
currency to the Buyer. (It should be borne in mind that this product differs 
in a number of ways from the more conventional credit derivatives traded in 
the international markets. This means that a change in the nature or terms of 
our product or the introduction of alternative credit products will likely 
change the analysis below.)
Set out below is an overview of where we have come out on the more 
significant legal issues.  I am also attaching a two page "Executive Summary 
of Legal Advice" prepared by outside counsel which highlights the significant 
legal issues/risks in each country and which should be read in conjunction 
with this note mail. As you will see, the Executive Summary does not focus on 
issues we raised which are "all clear" from a legal perspective, so as to 
keep the summary to a sensible length  (but there was plenty of good news 
too!).  Where a legal issue has been identified, I have either set out below 
what action is to be taken, or not addressed it further on the basis that, on 
the advice of foreign counsel, the risk is not very substantial or unlikely 
to materialise. Therefore, where no comment is made below in relation to a 
risk highlighted in the attached summary, please assume that the legal risk 
is one which, in our view, it is reasonable to take.
A.  Countries in which the credit product can be traded in January 2000
Finland, Norway, Sweden, Switzerland, UK, US
B.  Countries in which launch of the product via EnronOnline will need to be 
delayed
Canada, Germany (reasons set out below)
C.  General Issues (applicable in all countries)
The credit product is fundamentally different from the usual energy and 
related products we trade and so gives rise to new or increased legal risks 
of a general nature:
(i)  Capacity - We will not be able to assume generally that our 
counterparties will have the legal power and authority necessary to trade the 
product and so will need to check each counterparty's constitutional 
documents before allowing them to trade the product online.  This applies to 
almost all entities (eg corporates, municipalities, insurance companies) in 
all countries.  Some entities may lack the power to trade under the general 
law (in which case we will not be able to deal with them at all) or under 
their constitutional documents (in which case they will need to amend their 
constitutional documents if they wish to trade 
The check need only be made once at the beginning of the credit trading 
relationship and so can be added to our procedures.  It is not a particularly 
onerous job and will increase the cost of this business only incrementally.
(ii)  Confidentiality - We will need to put in place procedures to ensure 
that we are not misusing confidential information about our business 
counterparties on whom we are offering credit protection.  Misuse can occur 
both in pricing the product and trading it.  The procedures will not include 
formal Chinese Walls separating the credit traders from our other traders or 
the credit department (a point we have managed to agree with both UK and US 
counsel following very detailed discussions).  The procedures will include 
(a) the use of a Restricted List in both the US and Europe (similar to the 
procedure currently used in Houston); and (b) practical steps to ensure that 
confidential information derived from other areas of our business and which 
we are not entitled to use (eg because it is the subject of a confidentiality 
agreement) is not imparted to the credit traders.  In addition, where Enron 
has an especially close relationship with a prospective reference entity, or 
otherwise has confidential information relating to such an entity, we will 
need its written consent before offering protection on that entity.  Without 
such consent, there will be an unjustifiably high risk of being sued by that 
entity for breach of confidence.
D.  Country Specific Issues
(i)  Canada - There is a substantial risk that the product will constitute 
insurance business, constituting an offence and rendering contracts in the 
product unenforceable against our counterparties.  We should try to resolve 
this issue with the Canadian authorities before launching the product in 
Canada.  Timeframe for clearance is highly uncertain since it is not clear 
which Canadian authority would take jurisdiction of the matter.
(ii)  Germany -  Again the issue is insurance.  The risk is higher than in 
Canada and so Germany should be excluded initially.
(iii)  Norway - There is a material risk that the credit product could be 
regarded as gaming in Norway, in which case trades would be void and 
unenforceable.  The normal way to mitigate this risk in Norway is by using a 
"substantial professional effort" to satisfy ourselves that a trade is being 
entered into for valid commercial purposes (normally hedging) by our 
counterparty. Clearly, it will not be possible to take such steps on a trade 
by trade basis in the context of EnronOnline.  At a minimum, we should 
therefore ensure at the outset of the online trading relationship in this 
product with each Norwegian counterparty that there is a commercial logic 
behind its trading this product type.
(iv)  Switzerland -  If the credit product is the main purpose of our trading 
relationship with a counterparty, we should check with the Swiss supervisory 
authority whether the product constitutes insurance (the position being 
unclear).  If a trade is insurance, it can be terminated by the counterparty 
(which is obviously of greater concern if Enron is the Buyer) and an offence 
will be committed since Enron is not authorised as a Swiss insurer.  However, 
I understand that the initial group of counterparties will be existing 
business relationships, in which case we can parallel path this issue.
(v)  US (New York Law) 
(a) CFTC regulation - by structuring the product either as a swap or an 
option (and meeting certain other conditions) we can rely on exemptions under 
the US Commodities Exchange Act. 
(b)  US securities laws - there is a small chance that the credit product 
constitutes a "security" under US securities laws (please see attached 
Executive Summary).  However, SEC regulations allow the public offering of 
securities to "accredited investors" which will allow us to deal with 
investors having at least US$5 million in assets.  Since most of our 
counterparties will be fairly large, sophisticated players, this test should 
not impede the business.
(c)  Insider trading - US counsel have advised that the risk of insider 
trading occurring as a result of the product being characterised as security 
(see (b) above) is relatively remote.
Paul
Just so you know what may be coming, I have spent roughly half of my time in 
the office over the last six weeks negotiating these sorts of requests.  It 
is very time consuming.  My comments below in red.
Best of luck and feel free to call with any issues.
Mark
Louise Kitchen
01/17/2000 02:25 PM
Please deal with this for me - but my initial thoughts are that we cannot 
address the majority of these.
Thanks
David Forster
01/14/2000 06:43 PM
I'm running out of time - can you handle?
Thanks,
Dave
Justin Boyd
14/01/2000 11:36
PA
They wish to amend the PA such that:
Enron warrants that their use of the passwords and the Website does not cause 
them to breach any third party rights Does this mean that Enron's use does 
not violate third party rights or Eastern's?  This doesn't really make sense 
to me:  if it is Enron's use then that's our problem and I don't see 
Eastern's concern and if it is Eastern's use that should be their problem, 
not ours - how will we know what arrangements they have in place with third 
parties?  No one else has raised this issue - is this something that is 
particularly of concern in the UK?
they only notify us of unauthorised disclosure or use of passwords upon their 
learning of the same. When they notify us is not an issue - as long as they 
understand that they will be liable for anything that happens with their 
passwords - whether authorized or not.
they can withdraw or amend information provided to Enron from time to time  
What is there in the PA that would prevent them from telling us about changed 
information?
ETA
They do not want to be bound by future terms and conditions imposed by Enron 
(see 1(iii))  This language refers to a variety of language on the site including things like the submission screen, the Mater User's abilities to 
restrict sub-user id's, the long descriptions, etc.  It is simply not 
possible to create a list of every single item on the website that controls 
how the site is used and contracts are created.  This is one they will just 
have to live with.  They have to give their traders the credit to read what 
they are doing and if they don't like it they can stop trading They wish to restrict our use of information to Enron Group companies (see 
last sentence of 2(b))  I think 2(b) already limits our use of the 
information to "Enron" which is defined pretty much as Enron and its 
affiliates.  Are they asking for more than that?  You can point them to 
section 5 which severely limits what we can do with confidential information. 
They feel unable to make the statement in the first sentence of 2(d), since 
they trade through various group company agents on behalf of a BV principal 
EOL is not set up to allow one entity to trade on behalf of another.  How 
would we ever know who our counterparty really was?  If they want to trade 
for several counterparties, they need to fill out a separate PA (and 
separately click on the ETA) for each legal entity.  They should subsequently 
restrict the sub-user id's for each of those entities to trade only the 
products appropriate to that entity.
To establish a tangible audit trail and for verification, they wish to be 
able to verify our paper confirms (see 3(e))  We have agreed that we will 
continue to furnish confirmations where we have a master agreement in place 
that calls for us to send confirms.  I've had a number of counterparties ask 
for this and have explained that even when there is not a master in place, in 
most cases we intend to continue to send confirms.  In fact, it is our 
intention (and the instructions you and I have received from Louise in no 
uncertain terms) that the trading should look as close as possible to its 
current form.  That includes contractual terms and the sending of confirms Having said all that, the commercial people look forward with fondness to a 
time when confirms will become electronic and therefore this language was put 
in the ETA.  I would be surprised if, should we ever reach such a time, we 
would refuse to send confirms to those counterparties stuck in the dark ages 
of "blue ink on dead trees."  Given the frequency with which this on comes 
up, I wonder if future versions of the ETA should omit the offending 
language.
They wish to restructure the indemnity entirely (see 4), such that each party 
is liable for losses suffered by the other due to its own wilful 
default/negligence/omission.  This strikes me as a non-starter.  The best we 
can do is to exclude damage we suffer by reason of our own gross negligence, 
fraud or willful misconduct.  If they want to be without risk, they can 
continue to use the phone.
They wish to have the right to terminate the ETA (see 6(a)), and wish that 
electronic notices be deemed sent when the sender receives notice from the 
system of delivery or failed delivery (see 6(e)).  They can stop trading at 
any time and do not need to terminate the agreement.  We have agreed on rare 
occasions that we will deactivate their password if we receive written notice 
from them requesting deactivation.  I have suggested that they might feel 
more comfortable giving the Mater User ID and password to someone in their 
control group so that they don't have to worry about the trader leaving and 
taking the important password along.  The Master User can always turn off a 
sub-user immediately.  I'm uncomfortable with the delivery issue since I 
usually don't get "notice from the system of delivery" when I send an 
e-mail.  Even if return receipts were always used, I don't know that they 
always work and I wouldn't want the counterparty to be able to prevent our 
giving notice simply by refusing to open our e-mails.  Certainly no one would 
successfully assert that an e-mail notice was effective unless properly 
addressed.  On the other hand, to be practical, if the issue is critical, we 
will not be relying on an e-mail notification in any event and I can 
understand their concern that someone might be on holiday when the e-mail is 
by someone else.
Some of these are more important than others, but there are some key points Please let me know what you think - thanks
In some cases you just have to wait these guys out.  I know the traders are 
anxious to get people online and trading, but remember that the same is true 
on the other side.  Luckily for us, Louise is willing to back us up on this 
and tell our counterparties to just sit back and watch the rest of the world 
get the good prices if they don't like our agreements.  In several cases, 
counterparties who have called with difficult legal departments like this 
ultimately just went ahead and clicked on the thing to start trading.
Justin
Nony Flores
01/14/2000 06:34 PM
Mark 
Mike Robison and I have finalized the form of GTC's for ECFC and are 
forwarding them to you for further distribution.  Thanks.
John 
The only modifications to ECFC's online GTC's are as follows:
Contract Formation In order to maintain consistency with the other product 
lines online GTCs, we've modified this section to reflect the same 
introduction as reflected in ELFI, EGLI, ERAC and EPC.
Damages and Limitation We've added a 2 line bilateral provision regarding 
payment.
Financial Information We've added the two paragraphs re credit provisions as 
reflected in the confirmations.
Compliance with U.S. Laws We've added the buyer/seller trade sanctions as 
reflected in the confirmations.
Law and Jurisdiction We replaced this section in its entirety with the new 
policy in effect as of June 1998.
Appendix II We've added the Marine Provisions Addendum.
Appendix III We've added the Transportation Addendum.
Thanks.
Nony Flores
Ext. 37541
Dale Neuner on 01/12/2000 05:24:45 PM
Mark -
Although these products were not on the release list for the Jan 5 release, 
we have been actively pursuing their completion and posting to EOL. Since our 
reviews of the products are complete, the Petrochems guys are extremely eager 
to have their products posted. Please offer your approval of the attached 
ASAP so I can get this and the product onto EOL.
Nony -
We were expecting delivery of the Methanol GTC today. Please be aware that 
the uploading of GTC's can sometimes be laborious, and since the Petrochem 
guys are eager to get this out, time is of the essence. Please let me know 
when you can expect delivery of the Methanol GTC to Mark Taylor.
Dale
Nony Flores
01/11/2000 06:09 PM
Mark 
Last week Dale Neuner was requested to add four new commodities to on-line 
trading and Mike Robison and Steve Elliott have reviewed and approved the 
long descriptions for benzene, mixed xylene, toluene and methanol.   We have 
also finalized the form of GTC's for EPC (who trades benzene, xylene and 
toluene) and are forwarding them to you for further distribution.
Note:  GTC's for Enron Clean Fuels Company (who trades methanol) will follow 
on Wednesday.
Thanks.
Nony Flores
Ext. 3-7541
Approved
Nony Flores
01/11/2000 06:09 PM
Mark 
Last week Dale Neuner was requested to add four new commodities to on-line 
trading and Mike Robison and Steve Elliott have reviewed and approved the 
long descriptions for benzene, mixed xylene, toluene and methanol.   We have 
also finalized the form of GTC's for EPC (who trades benzene, xylene and 
toluene) and are forwarding them to you for further distribution.
Note:  GTC's for Enron Clean Fuels Company (who trades methanol) will follow 
on Wednesday.
Thanks.
Nony Flores
Ext. 3-7541
I have gone ahead and forwarded this and the ECFC version to the EOL people 
to be uploaded.
I do have a concern though that I wanted to ask you about. These GTC's use 
the defined term "Commercial Term" which is defined as follows:
"Commercial Terms" means that part of this Agreement confirming in writing 
the specific terms of a Transaction which may be in any form adequate at law 
that is issued in connection with a Transaction.
We have taken the position in our other EOL trading that the transaction is 
complete and binding from the time we accept the counterparty's offer over 
the system by reference to the GTC, the numbers submitted by the counterparty 
(usually volume and price) and the Long Description.  We've gone to some 
lengths to make sure that the combination of GTC, website numbers and Long 
Description contain all of the necessary terms.  It's not clear to me that we 
intend the website numbers and Long Description to satisfy the definition of 
Commercial Terms.  Are these transactions not intended to be binding until 
the confirmation is signed?  Any thoughts on this?
Nony Flores
01/11/2000 06:09 PM
Mark 
Last week Dale Neuner was requested to add four new commodities to on-line 
trading and Mike Robison and Steve Elliott have reviewed and approved the 
long descriptions for benzene, mixed xylene, toluene and methanol.   We have 
also finalized the form of GTC's for EPC (who trades benzene, xylene and 
toluene) and are forwarding them to you for further distribution.
Note:  GTC's for Enron Clean Fuels Company (who trades methanol) will follow 
on Wednesday.
Thanks.
Nony Flores
Ext. 3-7541
Hey Mark - I thought you had my new (as of July 1997) address - sorry about 
that.  I'm now at:
1322 Rutland
Houston, TX 77008
(713)863-7190 - home
(713)853-7459 - work
I heard about Mrs. Boone in the Scots News.  I thought it was a nice 
write-up.  The Boones were very special people and I regret extremely that I 
didn't get to know them better.
Hope you guys are doing well.  I was in NYC in Nov. but was so busy I didn't 
have time for visits or fun of any kind!  Hope to get back soon but there's 
nothing for NY on the calendar.  Probably DC early Jan., London late Jan. and 
Buenos Aires and Sao Paolo in Feb.  I saw the magazine article (with such 
good photos!) a couple of months back.  My mom actually called to tell me 
about it.
Did you guys get my Christmas card?  I thought Celena might get a kick out of 
it.  Tell Debbie & Celena I said "Hi 
Take care,  Mark T.
I have been able to access this but our outside legal counsel (Sullivan Cromwell in NY) can't.  Any way for them to get access so they can advise us 
on this?  They are also the guys who will help with a training session on 
various legal issues and company policies in trading.
Michael Etringer
01/14/2000 05:00 PM
Mark,
As discussed, here is the URL for the proposed web site  
It is still on an internal server which I hope you will have access to.  Let 
me know if it doesn't work 
The User ID is: "user1"  and the Password is:  "test 
I also ran through several of the web sites from which we gather our 
In terms of timing, we hope to release the site by the end of January to a 
limited customer listing.
,
Mike Etringer
503-464-3836
I thought your Mom might like the first three.
January __, 2000
Via Facsimile
MEMORANDUM TO:=09Paul Simons=20
=09(Enron Europe Limited)=20
=09=20
=09Mark Taylor=20
This memorandum summarizes the proposed procedures we discussed during our=20
meeting on January 13, 2000 for use in connection with the credit derivatives=20
? This disclosure should inform the Reference Entity of the introduction of=20
the Product, and describe the general nature of the Product and the manner in=20
which it will be traded (e.g., through Enron Online).
? In general, however, Enron need not request that the Reference Entities=20
consent to or acknowledge their inclusion in the list of the Reference=20
Entities, except as set forth below in paragraph 2.=20
2. Consent =01* Enron should, however, obtain the prior consent of certain=20
types of Reference Entities before including them in the list of Reference=20
Entities.
? In particular, consent should be obtained from any Reference Entities with=20
which Enron has a significant trading relationship that includes advice or=20
other services that could result in Enron being considered a fiduciary of the=20
Reference Entity or that could otherwise give rise to common law duties that=20
could be violated if the Reference Entity does not consent to the arrangement.
? Enron need not seek consent from those large and sophisticated=20
counterparties to which Enron merely provides prices and with which Enron=20
trades on an exclusively arms=01, length basis with no advisory or similar=20
services being provided and with no fiduciary obligations.
? Where consent is sought, Enron should include a request that the Reference=20
Entity acknowledge its receipt of the letter and its consent to being=20
included in the list of Reference Entities.  If a Reference Entity fails or=20
refuses to execute the letter, Enron will need to make a determination, on a=20
case-by-case basis, as to whether it is comfortable including that entity on=20
the list of Reference Entities.  However, it should be recognized that, by=20
requesting consent, Enron may be limiting its ability to treat an entity as a=20
Reference Entity in the absence of consent.
3. Chinese Wall =01* We understand that it will not be feasible to construct a=20
complete =01&Chinese Wall=018 between the operations related to the Product and=20
Enron=01,s other trading activities.  This is due primarily to the fact that=20
activities related to the Product will utilize the same credit function as=20
Enron=01,s other trading activities.  However, Enron should implement a modified=20
Chinese Wall between the trading operations.  This approach would enhance=20
Enron=01,s ability to defend successfully against any claims of impropriety or=20
breach of duty by facilitating Enron=01,s ability to demonstrate that=20
information had not been shared by other traders with those trading the=20
Product. This could be accomplished through a number of procedures.
? First, Enron should maintain the maximum possible degree of physical=20
separation between personnel responsible for pricing and trading the Product,=20
on the one hand, and Enron=01,s other trading activities, on the other hand. =20
Even if personnel involved in the Product are located on the same floor as=20
other traders, it would be prudent to place them in a separate area of the=20
floor set off by partitions or similar features.
? Second, procedures should be developed to prohibit the flow of information=20
between Product traders and other traders if such information is material to=20
the creditworthiness of trading counterparties and is not in the public=20
domain.  In addition, all trading personnel should be instructed with respect=20
to the procedures through training programs.
? Finally, senior supervisory officers of Enron should be assigned to monitor=20
communications between the groups of traders and to review and make=20
determinations on requests by traders to communicate information that would=20
otherwise be prohibited under the procedures.  These procedures will be=20
similar to those that have been developed in connection with Enron=01,s equity=20
trading activities.
4. Restricted List -- Enron should establish and maintain a =01&restricted list=018=20
of those entities on which Products may not be traded.
? Initially, the list could be used to exclude those entities on which it is=20
not feasible for Enron to offer Products due to the nature of its=20
relationships with such entities; e.g., those entities with respect to which=20
Enron might be considered a fiduciary and which have not consented to their=20
inclusion and those entities about which Enron has or regularly receives=20
material, non-public information.  In addition, those entities with which=20
Enron has entered into confidentiality agreements will most likely need to be=20
excluded, depending on the terms of such agreements.
? Enron should also establish procedures to monitor its receipt of=20
information regarding Reference Entities on which Products are listed. =20
Pursuant to these procedures, Enron should suspend the listing of quotations,=20
and therefore the issuance of new Products, with respect to a Reference=20
Entity, if Enron is in possession of material, non-public information=20
regarding such Entity of a type, or in situations, that render suspension=20
necessary or advisable.  This would include situations in which Enron is=20
considering an investment in or a joint venture with a Reference Entity.  In=20
addition, the procedures should provide for Reference Entities to be excluded=20
or deleted for reasons unrelated to Enron=01,s possession of information as=20
well; e.g., where Enron has reached or exceeded its credit limits with=20
respect to such Entities.=20
? The procedures should state that Enron may close out an open position for a=20
Product held by a counterparty, if the counterparty specifically requests=20
Enron to do so.  The procedures should also address the pricing of the=20
closing transaction, however, and establish a mechanism for such pricing that=20
minimizes Enron=01,s potential exposure to liability as a result of its=20
effecting a transaction while in possession of material, non-public=20
information.=20
? Enron should provide training to the appropriate personnel, which should=20
include instructing such personnel not to furnish Product counterparties with=20
any notification or explanation of a Reference Entity being placed on the=20
restricted list.=20
As noted, we will be assisting you in developing these procedurew, which will=20
need to be integrated into Enron=01,s existing policies and procedures.  In=20
addition, as we have advised you in our prior memoranda, there are no=20
procedures that will fully insulate Enron from the potential liabilities=20
arising in connection with its offering of the Product.  However, the=20
implementation of the types of procedures described above should assist Enron=20
in mitigating such risks and defending against claims that might be made by=20
Reference Entities.
Please call us if you have questions on these or other issues.
=20
K.M.R.=20
D.J.G.
I received the attachment you sent to me at Christmas but was not sure how 
well it worked for you to recieve them.  I took a roll of film to be 
developed and they had a special on having the photos returned on a disk as 
well as prints.  I though they were the Christmas pictures that I could send 
to you right away - but it turns out it was an old roll.
GILBERGD@sullcrom.com on 01/18/2000 12:26:27 PM
Attached is a draft of a memo summarizing the procedures we discussed at our 
meeting on Thursday.  We will also be assisting in preparing the procedures Please call or e-mail if you have any questions or comments 
This e-mail is sent by a law firm and contains information
that may be privileged and confidential. If you are not the
intended recipient, please delete the e-mail and notify us
immediately.
- CreditDerivs.wpd
I tried to send this to your juno address and it came back.  Just in case you 
are home, I also received the following from the PR department a few minutes 
ago:
Be sure to watch Chairman and CEO Ken Lay on Fox News today.  He will appear 
on "Our World" with Neil Cavuto at 4:30 p.m. CST to discuss Enron's year-end 
financial and operating highlights 	
I received the attachment you sent to me at Christmas but was not sure how 
well it worked for you to recieve them.  I took a roll of film to be 
developed and they had a special on having the photos returned on a disk as 
well as prints.  I though they were the Christmas pictures that I could send 
to you right away - but it turns out it was an old roll.
I would like to attend.
Apparently there was some miscommunication.  It was very clear to me after 
our meeting in Louise's office that with respect to proposed Reference 
Entities with which Enron has an existing business relationship you were 
going to add the consent to the notice letter.  It was that consent that was 
to dramatically speed up the process of determining which Reference Entities 
could be listed.  As we discussed last week, without that consent each 
proposed Reference Entity must be evaluated separately regarding whether or 
not a confidentiality agreement is in place and whether or not the existing 
business relationship is extensive enough to require consent.  Neither of 
My impression was that you were willing to add the consents to the notice 
letters since in one fell swoop it resolved a difficult legal issue and moved 
your earliest possible launch date forward by weeks if not months but also on 
the assumption that if a customer was not willing to give us their consent we 
should not be taking the commercial risk that it was precisely those 
customers whose relationships would be jeopardized by proceeding to use them 
as a Reference Entity.
We will now move forward to develop the processes necessary to conduct the 
evaluations mentioned above.  Please send the list of proposed Reference 
Entities as soon as possible.
Bryan Seyfried
01/19/2000 06:35 AM
Just to clarify, we do not intend to ask for consent from every reference 
credit, we do intend to send introductory letters to the relevant parties at 
the initial set of reference credits which notifies them of our intentions 
and why it is good for them.  My hope is that there are very few reference 
credits that we need to get consent from and then we can make the commercial 
decision of whether it is better to get consent or not quote on them 
As an initial step, I think we need to understand which reference credits 
have confidentiality agreements in place and determine those names that we 
have a potential fiduciary responsibility.  The latter obviously will not be 
black and white but hopefully we can make some progress.  I would expect that 
are really deep relationships are likely to be with either really small 
counterparties or a very small subset of our large counterparties.
Hopefully I am restating what everyone already thought but if not apologies 
for the miscommunication.
Call me if you want to discuss further.
bs
Nony Flores
01/19/2000 01:30 PM
Mark - I forgot to copy Dale Neuner on my message to you yesterday 
afternoon.  Have you already forward it to him the revised GTC's?  If not, 
I'll be glad to do it.
Thanks.
Nony
Nony Flores
01/18/2000 05:12 PM
Mark -
We forwarding the revised GTC's for EPC and ECFC correcting the definition of 
Commercial Terms in Appendix I as follows:
We've deleted this definition:
"Commercial Terms" means that part of this Agreement confirming in writing 
the specific terms of a Transaction which may be in any form adequate at law 
that is issued in connection with a Transaction.
and added the following new definition which mirrors the wording of Section 
1.1 of the online GTC:
"Special Terms and Conditions" means the special terms and conditions of a 
particular Transaction for the sale or purchase of Products, including but 
not limited to, payment terms, price, quantity/tolerance, Products 
description, specifications, delivery location and delivery window shall be 
as set forth on this website ("Special Terms and Conditions We've also made a global change to the entire document replacing "Commercial 
Terms" with "Special Terms and Conditions."
EPC   ECFC 
Thanks.
Nony Flores
Mark:
The defined term "Commercial Term" which is contained in the Apendix I to the 
EPC gtcs should have been modified to reflect the definitional changes made 
in Section 1.1 of the gtcs.  I"ll work with Nony to get it corrected.
I have gone ahead and forwarded this and the ECFC version to the EOL people 
to be uploaded.
I do have a concern though that I wanted to ask you about. These GTC's use 
the defined term "Commercial Term" which is defined as follows:
"Commercial Terms" means that part of this Agreement confirming in writing 
the specific terms of a Transaction which may be in any form adequate at law 
that is issued in connection with a Transaction.
We have taken the position in our other EOL trading that the transaction is 
complete and binding from the time we accept the counterparty's offer over 
the system by reference to the GTC, the numbers submitted by the counterparty 
(usually volume and price) and the Long Description.  We've gone to some 
lengths to make sure that the combination of GTC, website numbers and Long 
Description contain all of the necessary terms.  It's not clear to me that we 
intend the website numbers and Long Description to satisfy the definition of 
Commercial Terms.  Are these transactions not intended to be binding until 
the confirmation is signed?  Any thoughts on this?
Nony Flores
01/11/2000 06:09 PM
Mark 
Last week Dale Neuner was requested to add four new commodities to on-line 
trading and Mike Robison and Steve Elliott have reviewed and approved the 
long descriptions for benzene, mixed xylene, toluene and methanol.   We have 
also finalized the form of GTC's for EPC (who trades benzene, xylene and 
toluene) and are forwarding them to you for further distribution.
Note:  GTC's for Enron Clean Fuels Company (who trades methanol) will follow 
on Wednesday.
Thanks.
Nony Flores
Ext. 3-7541
Yes, I think they could develop some initial thoughts with that kind of 
description.
Michael Etringer
01/19/2000 04:40 PM
It sounds like it may be a little while before the IT group gets the final 
approval to move the web site to the outside.  In the mean time, is it worth 
while to send Sullivan&Cromwell print outs of the pages?  Right now there is 
not really much info on the site.  We can identify third party links, the 
type of information we will be providing as well as sources for our data Will this be of use?
Mike
I have been able to access this but our outside legal counsel (Sullivan Cromwell in NY) can't.  Any way for them to get access so they can advise us 
on this?  They are also the guys who will help with a training session on 
various legal issues and company policies in trading.
Michael Etringer
01/14/2000 05:00 PM
Mark,
As discussed, here is the URL for the proposed web site  
It is still on an internal server which I hope you will have access to.  Let 
me know if it doesn't work 
The User ID is: "user1"  and the Password is:  "test 
I also ran through several of the web sites from which we gather our 
In terms of timing, we hope to release the site by the end of January to a 
limited customer listing.
,
Mike Etringer
503-464-3836
Sheri L Cromwell
12/30/98 04:32 PM
Please take a few minutes to complete the survey below, and return to me as 
soon as possible by e-mail (or hard copy).
1. How often do you use Newscast Today?
(a) daily    (b) weekly   (c) occasionally  (d) never
2. Have you used another similar service?   If yes, please include the web 
site address. 
NO
3. How "friendly" do you find the Newscast Today web site?
(a)  very easy to use     (b)  somewhat easy to use     (c) difficult to use
4. When conducting a search or creating a profile in Newscast Today, are you 
able to obtain the information you need?
(a) very effective    (b) sufficient    (c) insufficient
5. When conducting legal / business / government / international research via 
the Internet, are you able to obtain the information you need?
(a) very effective    (b) sufficient    (c) insufficient
6. Which environment for computer training do you find most beneficial?
(a) one-on-one tutorial at my desk
(b) one-on-one tutorial in a training room
(c) demonstration on my floor
(d) small class in a training room
Please include any additional comments you may have.  Thank you for your help!
Is it possible to pinpoint the sources of the rumors we discussed yesterday If so, it might be possible to maintain an action against the culprits.  I'm 
not sure exactly what it might be - possibly for slander or tortious 
interference with contract, something like that.  I could discuss it with our 
friend Richard Sanders but it would be a waste of time if we can't identify 
the perpetrator.
Looks good to me - there is a chance that I will be out Feb 14 - 18.
Sara Shackleton
01/19/2000 06:06 PM
I would like to take the following days in February as vacation days:
February 3,4,18
Please let me know if this presents a conflict.  Thanks.  Sara
The vacation time looks good to me.  My trip is nowhere near final yet so 
let's hold off on rescheduling the credit group lunch.
Don't come back until you're well!
Carol St Clair
01/20/2000 01:21 PM
Mark:
The credit group lunch is scheduled for the 18th of February.  Do I need to 
reschedule?  Also, were you okay with my vacation request of March 22-24th I hope to be back in the office tomorrow although I have signed up for a CLE 
seminar at the Hyatt.
Carol
Thursday January 20, 4:51 pm Eastern Time
Company Press Release
SOURCE: Enron Corp.
Enron Hosts Annual Analyst Conference; Provides
Business Overview and Goals for 2000
HOUSTON, Jan. 20 /PRNewswire/ -- Enron Corp. (NYSE: ENE - news) hosted its 
annual equity analyst conference today in
Houston. Ken Lay, Enron chairman and chief executive officer, opened the 
conference by highlighting Enron's tremendous
growth across all businesses and the outstanding 700 percent return to 
shareholders over the past decade. 
Enron presented key objectives for 2000:
Continued strong growth in the core Wholesale Energy businesses.
Break-out performance from Retail Energy Services.
Rapid development of Enron Broadband Services.
Enron's ability to extend core skills and competencies to new markets was a 
recurring theme throughout the day.
Wholesale Energy Business
Growth prospects remain strong for Wholesale Energy Operations and Services, 
Enron's largest business. Wholesale energy
growth in North America is expected to be driven by the continuing 
deregulation of power markets in the United States and
large-scale energy outsourcing by utilities and large energy consumers. Enron 
expects to continue to broaden its early lead
across the European continent as markets quickly open to competition. 
Finally, Enron is rapidly expanding its wholesale
presence in other markets such as Japan, where large customers will be 
permitted to choose their electricity provider in March
2000.
EnronOnline will provide additional wholesale growth as incremental sales are 
generated through this innovative, Internet-based
transaction system. Over 450 customers around the world have used EnronOnline 
and over 10,000 transactions have been
completed since its introduction in late November 1999. Yesterday, 
EnronOnline transaction levels reached a new record with
over 700 transactions, representing a notional value of $250 million. 
Transaction processing costs with EnronOnline are
significantly lower than costs associated with traditional transaction 
methods.
Enron's Gas Pipeline Group is also well positioned to continue growing, with 
expansions planned or underway on several of its
systems.
Retail Energy Services
With over 16,500 facilities under management, the infrastructure is in place 
to service customers worldwide. As the strong
contracting momentum continues, Enron Energy Services is poised to rapidly 
increase earnings in 2000. Enron Energy Services'
goal for 2000 is to sign new contracts representing $16 billion in future 
expenditures by customers for energy and energy
services, nearly double the level in 1999.
Enron Broadband Services
The new name of Enron's communications business, Enron Broadband Services, 
reflects its role in the very fast growing market
for premium broadband services. Enron is deploying an open, flexible global 
broadband network controlled by software
intelligence, which precludes the need to invest in a traditional 
point-to-point fiber network. This Enron Intelligent Network is
widely interconnected to both other wholesale bandwidth carriers and to 
Internet service providers, thus providing the platform
for two new Enron business centers, bandwidth intermediation and broadband 
content delivery.
A direct transfer of Enron's core market making and risk management skills 
from its energy businesses, bandwidth
intermediation will provide capacity- holders a vast array of alternatives 
for flexible, low cost capacity. Enron will also provide
premium broadband content services, such as high-quality video-streaming and 
large broadband file transfer, with differentiated
levels of quality in a usage-based business model.
As announced in a separate release, Enron also reached an agreement with Sun 
Microsystems that provides for accelerated
development of broadband Internet services.
Enron is one of the world's leading electricity, natural gas and 
communications companies. The company, which owns
approximately $34 billion in energy and communications assets, produces 
electricity and natural gas, develops, constructs and
operates energy facilities worldwide, delivers physical commodities and 
financial and risk management services to customers
around the world, and is developing an intelligent network platform to 
facilitate online business. Enron's Internet address is
www.enron.com, and the stock is traded under the ticker symbol, ``ENE 
This press release includes forward looking statements within the meaning of 
Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and
Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Although Enron believes 
that its expectations are based on reasonable
assumptions, it can give no assurance that its goals will be achieved. 
Important factors that could cause actual results to differ
materially from those in the forward looking statements herein include 
political developments in foreign countries, the ability to
penetrate new wholesale and retail natural gas, electricity and broadband 
services markets, including the energy outsource
market, in the United States and Europe, the timing and extent of changes in 
prices for crude oil, natural gas, electricity and
those relating to broadband services and content, the timing and effect of 
changes in interest rates, the timing and success of
Enron's efforts to develop domestic and international power, pipeline, 
communications, internet- related and other infrastructure
projects, and conditions of the capital markets and equity markets during the 
periods covered by the forward looking
statements.
Contact: Gary Foster of Enron Corp., 713-853-4527. 
SOURCE: Enron Corp.
I tried to send this to your juno address and it came back.  Just in case you 
are home, I also received the following from the PR department a few minutes 
ago:
Be sure to watch Chairman and CEO Ken Lay on Fox News today.  He will appear 
on "Our World" with Neil Cavuto at 4:30 p.m. CST to discuss Enron's year-end 
financial and operating highlights 	
I received the attachment you sent to me at Christmas but was not sure how 
well it worked for you to recieve them.  I took a roll of film to be 
developed and they had a special on having the photos returned on a disk as 
well as prints.  I though they were the Christmas pictures that I could send 
to you right away - but it turns out it was an old roll.
In case you are looking for value stocks to evaluate, this is the list of 
stocks in my "value" portfolio:
Baxter Intl  BAX
Blockbuster  BBI
Circuit City CC
Cognex Corp  CGNX
Corning Inc  GLW
Duke Energy  DUK
Edison Intern EIX
First Data Corp FDC
I2 Technologies ITWO
Internatl Paper IP
KLA-Tencor  KMAG
OM Group Inc OMP
Scientific Atlanta  SFA
Southwest Air LUV
STMicroelctro STM
United Parcel UPS
Idon't mean to recommend any of these - particualrly since the Smith Barney 
people have told me they have lost confidence in this particular manager and 
are looking for another one.
I have sent an analyst's report on Enron as an attachment to your msn 
address.
Thanks for the presentation - well done!
Yes - I actually read that first - I guess now we really have to make it 
work Louise Kitchen
01/21/2000 10:18 AM
Did you read the Schroders article?
Thanks for the presentation - well done!
Here is the Strike Price Election Notice letter I drafted for the Ormet 
transaction.  Please let me know if this works for you.
I have put it on my calendar.
Kaye Ellis
01/20/2000 04:41 PM
Sara would like to meet with you Tuesday, January 25 at 10 am in 38C1 
regarding Utility and UCC Issues.  Please let me know if this time will work 
for you.
Thanks,
K
I should be here.  Nella can set something up with Taffy.
Sent by: Nella Cappelletto
I thought it might be worthwhile for me to spend a day in Houston sometime in 
early February to meet with you and discuss matters affecting the Canadian 
business.  I was tentatively planning on Thursday, February 10th.
If you agree, please have your assistant let me know of your availability on 
that day, and my assistant Nella will coordinate an itinerary 
, Peter
I don't see any problems.  It will become more challenging as we start 
thinking about trading.
Mark:
Apparently our people are already working with Louise Kitchen.  The issue I 
described yesterday is described below.  Basically we want to make reference 
to Enron Online in an informational site we will possibly be participating in 
Colombia.  Please let me know if you see any problem with this.
Thank you.
FPL
Shawn Cumberland
01/19/2000 06:16 PM
FYI, cont.
Maria E Garcia
01/19/2000 04:53 PM
I talked to Louise Kitchen (MD Enrononline) about how our group could  
leverage on  enrononline for  our plans of a first step with an informational 
site in Colombia  to move  later to a transactional site as Enron stars  
trading activities in Colombia.
What I proposed to Louise is to  get  ISA to include enrononline in the 
"other sites of interest" data  for  Colombia and to also have enrononline to 
include data on Colombia in the enrononline informational site .  She says 
that it is very easy to include this information  and that in principle she 
doesn't  think there is a problem in linking enrononline to ISA if it is 
going to be only for the informational site 
She referred me to Rahil Jafry (content) to discuss the process to make the 
Colombia information to be included in the site. I talked to him and we 
scheduled a meeting for Friday at 8:30AM.
Please confirm ASAP if you will be available for this meeting
Thanks, Maria Elena
Thanks for forwarding on the MSJ opinion.  Any objection to my sending it on 
to our US counsel (Sullivan & Cromwell) who are coordinating many of these 
issues for us?
In US financial trading (derivatives) we send the attachment each time, but 
it should only be 4 or 5 pages long.  This may be different in the physical 
trading world - I'll check into it.
Louise Kitchen
01/21/2000 02:48 PM
Thoughts?
Raphael Brun
01/21/2000 06:42 PM
Thank you  Louise,
Just one remark which came back to me already a couple of time.
When we close a transaction with our normal counterparties, why do we need to 
send the GTC each time since when we close OTC witrh these same 
counterparties, this is not necessary ?
They are finding that our confirmations are 13 pages long for a single swap. 
Do you think we could avoid sending the GTC for some of our most active 
counterparties ?
Raphael
Louise Kitchen
01/24/2000 07:56 AM
We need to act on this today - what is your advice on how we proceed based on 
the fact that they clearly appear to be in breach.
Gene Diers@
01/24/2000 12:34 PM
Louise, the contract is clear on this.  Here is what is states in ATTACHMENT 
A - AMENDMENTS TO AGREEMENT
a.  Publicity
"Contractor shall never reference Company in any advertising or publicity 
without its written consent.  Specifically, no reference must be made to 
Company or any of its affiliates in any form of communication, wither verbal 
or written or through any other media, including but not limited to printed 
advertising or marketing materials, oral or print presentations, digital or 
online media, or any other reference whatsoever to Company without the 
express prior written consent of Company 
Let me know if you need anything additional 
gene
Louise Kitchen@ECT
01/23/2000 11:45 AM
Could you both please verify that the following use of our name is a breach 
of contract on Agency's side.  They also want to do a press release which we 
have not agreed to and I will be saying no to this on Monday.  I would like 
to follow this with some legal reponse to this breach in contract immediately 
- ie tomorrow.
Let me know what you think.
Louise
Philippe A Bibi
01/23/2000 03:52 AM
Louise,
Lets get the lawyers involved Agency CANNOT mention our name without our 
written approval.
Lets get this done on Monday.
Thanks
P.
Jay Webb
01/21/2000 23:53
It never ends.
Kathryn Cordes
01/24/2000 03:30 PM
Bob:
This communication is to keep everyone informed of the back office issues 
related to EOL trades with Aquilia 
The Aquilia office (Aquilia Energy) in Omaha contacted our Settlements team 
regarding the EOL day deals(invoices) stating that they were not Aquilia 
Energy or Aquilia Risk Deals but rather Aquilia Southwest deals.  Aquilia 
Southwest is not approved for EOL trading.  To ensure timely payment, 
Settlements faxed all the invoices to the San Antonio office and have been 
notified that payment for these invoices to Aquilia Energy and Aquilia Risk 
will be made by Aquilia Southwest.  Aquilia wanted us to change the 
counterparty to Aquilia Southwest but it was explained to them that these 
were EOL deals and the counterparty would not be changed 
Scott Mills provided a query of Jan. EOL deals to (just for Texas business) 
Settlements to help them gauge and anticipate potential counterparty issues 
Settlements might be able to have another billing address set up for Aquilia 
Energy with the address being the San Antonio office in order to minimize the 
effort to getting the invoices to the correct office 
I have not heard anything more regarding an assignment processes for Aquilia 
Risk/Energy and would like to know were that stands.  I would like 
clarification about Aquilia Risk having credit approval taken away for 
Physical deals 
Thanks,
KC
Glad you liked them.  Yes, cats do seem to like to explore all sorts of 
spaces - grocery bags are always a good bet.  I remember Dusty, the cat we 
had in Bethesda, used to like to sleep at the foot of my bed - under the 
covers.  Go figure.  I'd be happy to send you acopy of the photo of me.
And yes again, the online platform mentioned in the analyst's report is the 
system I've spent so much time on over the last nine months or so.  It's kind 
of exciting to see a project in print like that but now it means we have to 
really make it work!
I received the package from MetLife on the Long-Term Care insurance.  I had a 
couple of questions which I called the company about (premiums, pre-tax vs. 
after tax, etc.) and would be happy to go over it with you.  Do you want me 
to send the stuff to you or should we just chart about it frst?
Love, Mark
FYI
Sent by: Enron Announcements@
Good News!
IT Hot Jobs have been extended
$5000
REWARD
for successful referral and hiring will be continued until further notice 
Please see the Human Resources website at   for a 
complete hot job listing.
Get paid lots of $$$ for who YOU know!  Just complete the Employee Referral 
form, attach a resume and submit to the Employee Referral mailbox.  It's that 
easy!
Before submitting a referral, please read the attached policy for eligibility 
guidelines and procedures.  After February 1st, referrals not submitted 
through the proper ER procedure will not be eligible for bonus payments.  A 
form MUST be completed and submitted prior to the candidate being interviewed 
in order to be bonus eligible.   There will be NO exceptions, so please read 
the attached Enron Employee Referral Policy and Form.
II have tried to approve this through the Data Manager - not sure if it 
worked.
I know we must have been through this any number of times before but each 
time I read one of these I wonder how we are supposed to figure out the 
Notional Quantity.  It says "calculated from the volume submitted by 
Counterparty on the website" but how do we know how to calculate it?  Where 
does it say whether that number is a daily or monthly number?  Gallons or 
Barrels?  I remain confused.
Dale Neuner on 01/25/2000 09:21:44 AM
Thanks, Bjorn,
Please go into the DataManager and indicate your approval.
Kevin and Jeff;
please review and make the same indication.
To all: we are working on getting the e-mail notification repaired.
Dale
Bjorn Hagelmann
01/25/2000 01:49 AM
Looks fine to me! It seems consistant with all the other things we trade in 
the OTC postion of our book.
Bjorn H.
Dale Neuner on 01/24/2000 04:59:42 PM
Mark and Bjorn-
I've created a new Product Type - Jet Kero Financial Swap. The automatic 
e-mail notification isn't working so I won't know if you go in and approve 
the product. Please review the attached, as well as the below Long 
Description, and offer you approval/comments. (You will find it in the 
Partially Approved section - as credit has offered their sign-off). As you 
could imagine trading is eager to get this out on the web.
Mark - Once the Product Type is approved we will build the complete product 
and I'll send that to you for review.
Here is the Strike Price Election Notice letter I drafted for the Ormet 
transaction.  Please let me know if this works for you.
My comments/suggestions below in red. As always, I'm happy to discuss.
Dale Neuner on 01/25/2000 09:09:29 AM
Trading wants to conduct Basis Swaps of Last Day NYMEX vs the Gas Daily 
Average of ANR Louisiana. I've created the below language accordingly and 
would like for you to review. The words in BOLD were added to make this 
'work'.
Index:  NYMEX HH L1/GD ANR LA
Abbreviation: GD ANR-LA
Sort Code: 1210
Description: The Fixed Price shall be the settlement price for the last 
scheduled Trading Day of the NYMEX Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures Contract, 
modified by the price submitted by the Counterparty on the website, for the 
applicable Determination Period. [Is this for the contract for delivery 
during the Determination Period - in which case maybe we should say "for 
delivery during the applicable Determination Period"?] The Floating Price for 
the applicable Determination Period shall be the average of the Daily 
Midpoint prices published on each calendar day during such Determination 
Period under the heading "Daily Price Survey" in the Louisiana - Onshore 
South, ANR section of Gas Daily, or if Gas Daily is not published on a 
calendar day is not a Business Day then the price used shall be the Daily 
Midpoint price published on in the next suceeding issue of Gas DailyBusiness 
Day. [Do we have a problem if the next price published is int he following 
calendar month?]
Dale
Thank you very much - can I get a copy of the Risk article 
The BIS numbers unfortunately do not distinguish which of the commodity 
numbers are applicable to energy, and worse yet they include only numbers 
from reporting banks.  In the energy area a large proportion of the 
transactions are by non-bank institutions -this makes finding the numbers 
much harder because companies like Enron are not required to publicly 
disclose their positions.  Hopefully the Risk article has some numbers but if 
you can find anything else specifically relating to the size of the energy 
derivatives markets that would be helpful.
Judith Schlesinger
01/25/2000 09:42 AM
Mark,
I found an article in Risk, April 1999 titled "Banking on energy derivatives: 
Brokers are acting more and more like investment banks, designing structured 
trades and bundled risk management solutions.  Nowhere is the trend more 
clear than in the energy markets."   Also,  the attached reports describe the 
OTC market.  Please let me know where to go from here.
Judy
3-9584
Here's a draft of a termination letter.  I'd be happy to see what everyone 
thinks before we use it.  For instance, what tone are we aiming for?  If we 
want to be all legal and hard-nosed, I can throw in ETA section references, 
etc. or if we want to be softer we can emphasize other trading opportunities 
within Enron and possibly explain our reasons for the termination.
Let me know what you think.
Just a couple of comments and questions:
Is it appropriate to refer to these as "US" transactions since the prices are 
clearly from outside the US?  I recognize that ENA is the counterparty but I 
think this may be confusing to our customers.
The term Business Day should be capitalized (it's defined in the GTC) [but 
it's defined with reference to NY & Houston banks being open - does that work 
for pulp transactions 
I'm not thrilled with the language for the last ten days of the contract 
period on the Pulpex description - is that what we use for current 
confirmations?
In the definition of the Index for the Finnish product, the word "relevent" 
should be deleted.
Dale Neuner on 01/25/2000 03:45:55 PM
Mark
We have created two new Pulp Products, on based on the PIX, one the Pulpex. 
PLease review and offer comments/approval.
I glanced at the power product description (what I could see of it) - Is it 
definately a physical transaction?  where does the power get delivered?  If 
it really is physical, I'll need to get one of the power trading lawyers to 
look it over.
Dale Neuner on 01/25/2000 02:30:10 PM
Two new Product Types have been created and require approval. In the 
DataManager you will find:
US Jet Kero Fin Swap - which you will find in Partialy Approved
and
US West Power Phy Spd - which you will find in Awaiting Approval.
The automated e-mail function associated with the notification of parties 
when a Product Type is created or approved is not functioning, and we are 
working to have the problem fixed. In the interim, please approve the Product 
Types and send me an e-mail when you are done.
As you would expect the respective commercial areas are eager to have these 
Product Types availabble for trading.
Dale
3-9746
Here's one.
Derek Davies
01/25/2000 12:30 PM
Mark,
As promised, here is the draft from Talisman.
Derek
Derek - clean re-draft and blackline to your original e-mail document of the
EnronOnline Agmt.
- EnronOnline 00 1 21 al amended by js1.doc
- BL to Derek 00 1 24.doc
I have enlisted the assistance of Carol St. Clair to handle the ETA comments 
and negotiations.  I will be meeting with her this afternoon to go over the 
details of what we have been doing so far.  It would make sense for you to 
meet her at some point in the near future.  She is not a junior lawyer by any 
stretch and should be able to handle most issues that come up with minimal 
assistance.  In fact, as she becomes more familiar with EOL and its 
structure/issues generally, she will make a great back-up for me for all EOL 
issues.
Louise Kitchen
01/25/2000 11:21 AM
We are experiencing an high level of cusotmers wishing to speak to a lawyer 
on the EnronOnline agreements and bearing in mind you have other jobs we need 
to have someone permanently manning the phone for all the industrials.  Could 
you get another Edmund type working for you who mans the phones permanently 
so we can get people on the system immediately.
Thanks
Louise
There are about 15 - 20 pages you would probably want to see.  If that's not 
too many for you to receive I don't mind faxing it.  You can always call me 
from the office with the fax number when you're ready - I can even leave it 
with my assistant when I'm away from my desk in case you get her instead of 
me.
It's finally winter here, too.  Of course that's nothing compared to you guys 
- it might get down into the 30's at night and 40's in the daytime.  It's 
only really bad when it's that cold and it rains.  Brrrr.  It was probably 
pretty smart of Delta to send those planes to Cincinnati since as a hub they 
could probably get them on connecting flights to wherever they were 
originally headed more easily from there than anywhere else (of course a lot 
were probably headed to NYC and the flights there the next day must have been 
packed 
Aside from a quick one-day trip to New York I haven't had to do any traveling 
lately - I'll probably be going to Portland in early March and Amsterdam 
mid-March.  I may try and get to South America sometime in February but 
nothing is scheduled yet.
Love, Mark
Sorry for the delay - our general policy is (and the first response to this 
type of question should be) that , due to system requirements, it is not 
possible to provide for different online contracts for different 
counterparties.  Having said that, in the few cases where a counterparty has 
raised what we consider to be valid and material concerns, we have agreed to 
a side letter agreement with that particular counterparty to vary the terms 
of the ETA.  So if the counterparty resist the first response and threatens 
to not use the system for legal reasons, you should refer them to the legal 
department.  They can contact either Carol St. Clair (x33989) or me (x37459).
Cecil John@
01/27/2000 11:00 AM
Hello Mark,
I am trying to follow up on Remedy Tk ( 54001 ). I opened this Tk for this 
customer having questions about the ETA. Please let me know, how you would 
like to respond to customer's inquiry about modifications to the ETA.. Thanks.
Cecil John
EnronOnline
713-853-6259
Cecil John
01/24/2000 02:41 PM
Hello Mark, 
Please advise me on this matter and let me know if you want me to follow up 
with the customer or if you contact customer.  EOL customer is inquiring 
about if their Lawyers can modify or  make comments to the ETA. Thanks.
Cecil John 
EnronOnline
713-853-6259
My manager had a question concerning the ETA's and if they can be modified
if our Lawyers have comments or changes that they would like to make.
Thanks
Any concerns?
Sent by: Arfan Aziz
The EOL help desk received a call from Isabelle Ealet at J Aron in London 
(0171 774 2103).  She was asking them why she could not trade with her id and 
password that she had been given.
I called her and explained that she could not use a Guest Id to trade and 
told her that she needed to send in a UK PA (explained to her the location of 
the form on the web site).  She said she would send one to us.
Then she told me that it was not a problem anyway because she called her New 
York office and asked them to give her and id - they set her up as a sub 
user.  She then told me that she transacted a deal in London for EN590.  I 
told her that her PA would not cover this and I am not sure she understood 
this ?
Therefore she will have transacted in London under a US PA - correct Please advise as to how we are to deal with this.
Thanks
Arfan
Happy 1999 and welcome back.  Sorry to hear about your travel problems.  I 
know how much fun a night in the airport can be.  I'd be happy to talk about 
the US commodity laws at one of our group meetings.  I'm going to be in 
London the last week of this month - maybe we can set something up for then?
Scott Sefton
12/27/98 11:06 AM
I've been thinking about what we could cover at our London trading meeting 
every Tuesday and thought it would be a good idea if we could get you to give 
the group a 15-20 minute overview of US commodities law. I think this would 
be particularly helpful for our newest members, Robert Quick and Mark 
Elliott. Please let me know what you think. Thanks!
Yes, thanks - I think Tana is going to call to get some help interpreting the 
numbers.
Rudi Zipter
01/27/2000 07:42 AM
Mark,
Was the market data on gas and power volumes useful to your project?
Rudi
Christian has not yet gotten back to me but I have asked him to check on the 
dates we discussed for early/mid March.
Michael Etringer
01/27/2000 07:09 PM
I am not sure if Christian got back with you on the possible timing for our 
legal seminar in Portland but Tim Belden is out until Friday and Christian is 
out until Monday.  Christian indicated to me that he was going to call you on 
Monday with a definitive date 
The web site is now available outside the firewall.  The location is 
Be aware that this is currently only a template 
site. 
Let me know if you need any additional information.
,
Mike
503-464-3836
Do we know where J Aron wants us to settle the trade done from London?  If it 
is still settled by payment to New York, this one trade probably does not 
cause too much heartburn. (See the note from Steve Douglas in Tax next 
following.)
Yes.  Our tax compliance system is premised upon the trading "pattern" (type 
of trader, location, etc.) represented to us in the materials pursuant to 
which we establish a counterparty.  In this case, J Aron is transacting via 
either a different legal entity in London or a branch of the entity that was 
initially approved that is located in London with a password acquired on the 
basis that they would be trading from New York (presumably from a U.S. 
corporation).  In either event, while there may not be an issue as to this 
particular transaction, because we do not know the type of counterparty with 
whom we are transacting, we could potentially have a U.S. tax withholding 
issue when settlement payments are made (this, of course, assuming that we 
settle with the London branch/entity trading with the U.S. approved 
password).  Consequently, we would prefer to more tightly contain the trading 
patterns of counterparties and not permit this type of trading (doesn't this 
violate reps made in the GTC?).  Alternatively, if all that is occurring is 
that a U.S. approved counterparty is using a password to transact from a 
different physical location, this presents an issue for the counterparty 
(namely, creation of a taxable presence in London or such other location) 
but, so long as we only settle with the approved counterparty under the terms 
pursuant to which their account was set up (i.e., in the U.S. in the case of 
this transaction), this should not present an issue for EOL.  Give me a call 
should you want to follow up.  Steve.
Any concerns?
Sent by: Arfan Aziz
The EOL help desk received a call from Isabelle Ealet at J Aron in London 
(0171 774 2103).  She was asking them why she could not trade with her id and 
password that she had been given.
I called her and explained that she could not use a Guest Id to trade and 
told her that she needed to send in a UK PA (explained to her the location of 
the form on the web site).  She said she would send one to us.
Then she told me that it was not a problem anyway because she called her New 
York office and asked them to give her and id - they set her up as a sub 
user.  She then told me that she transacted a deal in London for EN590.  I 
told her that her PA would not cover this and I am not sure she understood 
this ?
Therefore she will have transacted in London under a US PA - correct Please advise as to how we are to deal with this.
Thanks
Arfan
We have asked the EnronOnline team to send the Master User ID and Password to 
the person who signed the PA.  Our theory was that the signer presumably has 
the authority to bind the counterparty and understands that any holder of the 
password can also bind the counterparty.  If they want to give it to someone 
else, so be it.  But we should not be taking it upon ourselves to send the 
password to someone else unless we have conducted the same level of due 
diligence on that name as we have on the PA signer.  I was told we were not 
looking into the authority of the "nominated" Master Users inn any way but 
that we were taking some steps to verify the authority of the PA signers.  It 
just seemed safer to me to take this approach.
The package you sent arrived today.  I'll open it when I get home.
I sent the MetLife insurance materials by regular mail today.
These look ok to me but I think somebody who knows what they're talking about 
should look at them too.
Awais Omar
01/27/2000 05:53 PM
Mark,
Below are the Tokenised Day Ahead and Balance of Month US Nat Gas 
descriptions we agreed and a complete example product for each.
Please give us the final A OK for these.
US Nat Gas Day Ahead
The transaction is for delivery from and including the next day following the 
trade day to and including the next Delivery Day following the trade date; 
where Delivery Day is any day which is both: a) a Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, 
Thursday or Friday AND b) a Nymex trading day.
E.G.
US Gas PHY       ANR LA/GATH     Day Ahd     USD/MM
A US Gas Transaction with Houston Pipeline Company, under which Seller shall 
sell and Buyer shall purchase a quantity of natural gas equal to the Daily 
Contract Quantity at the Contract Price on a firm basis. The Contract Price 
shall be as submitted by Counterparty via the website.  The Period of 
Delivery shall be from the Effective Date through the Termination Date.
The transaction is for delivery from and including the next day following the 
trade day to and including the next Delivery Day following the trade date; 
where Delivery Day is any day which is both: a) a Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, 
Thursday or Friday AND b) a Nymex trading day.
The transaction is for ANR Louisiana, gathered.
The price is quoted in US Dollars per unit of volume, which will be the 
Contractual Currency.
The unit of measure against which the price is quoted shall be millions of 
British thermal units and the quantity shown shall be in millions of BTUs per 
day.
US Nat Gas Balance Of Month
The transaction is for delivery from and including the next calendar day 
following the trade day to and including the last calendar day of such 
calendar month.
E.G.
US Gas PHY       ANR LA/GATH     BoM         USD/MM
A US Gas Transaction with Houston Pipeline Company, under which Seller shall 
sell and Buyer shall purchase a quantity of natural gas equal to the Daily 
Contract Quantity at the Contract Price on a firm basis. The Contract Price 
shall be as submitted by Counterparty via the website.  The Period of 
Delivery shall be from the Effective Date through the Termination Date.
The transaction is for delivery from and including the next calendar day 
following the trade day to and including the last calendar day of such 
calendar month.
The transaction is for ANR Louisiana, gathered.
The price is quoted in US Dollars per unit of volume, which will be the 
Contractual Currency.
The unit of measure against which the price is quoted shall be millions of 
British thermal units and the quantity shown shall be in millions of BTUs per 
day.
Awais
Ext 31859
Jeff:
Sorry for the delay - I'm still trying to track this down.  Obviously I don't 
know the answer right off and no one I've asked so far knows for sure 
(although those who know a little something about the area don't think it 
looks good).  I hope to have a final answer for you early next week.
Mark
Did you get my previous email regarding transfer of my SFA status to the US Pls let me know the status.
How do these look to you?
Michael Etringer
01/31/2000 02:58 PM
I missed sending this to you.  Sorry about the short term around.
Michael Etringer
01/31/2000 08:52 AM
Attached is a forward of an email Dale sent you earlier today.  In addition 
to these 2 products there is also a financial product awaiting your 
approval.  It would be greatly appreciated if you could review and approval 
these products as soon as possible today.  We have a very urgent need to make 
these products available to the market.  Your help is greatly appreciated.
Thanks for your assistance,
Mike Etringer
Dale Neuner on 01/31/2000 07:19:48 AM
I have created two new Product Types:
US West Power Phy Index Firm    and
US West Power Phy Index CAISO;
The Product Type descriptions were provided by Leslie Hansen (see attached the Sigma Factor was provided by Matthew Adams. Please go in and offer your 
approval for each.
Dale
3-9746
You can ignore my previous e-mail.
My only concern is that the Floating Price is the Index for the Determination 
Period (which is a month) but the Index is a daily index.  Should we be 
taking the average for the month?
Dale Neuner on 01/31/2000 05:10:41 PM
Bjorn - as requested.
Mark - we are finished building the Jet Kero product and have all approvals 
and uploads. Please offer final review 
so that I can release this product:
US Jet Kero Swap Platts GC 54    Apr-Jun00   c/Gl-b
Mark Haedicke, Greg Whalley and I will be meeting with several people at the 
NYMEX on Friday morning.  It's possible (although not likely) that Dan 
Rappaport will attend one of the meetings.  I remember that we were very 
unhappy with his testimony earlier this year and I know we delivered that 
message to the NYMEX a couple of times.  What I'm not sure of is whether 
their testimony was toned down at all in subsequent hearings.  Are you aware 
of the content of the NYMEX testimony at those hearings and whether or not 
our complaints had been taken to heart when it was prepared?  I'm just 
wondering if there is anything we should bring up in our meetings if 
Rappaport does attend - either positive or negative.
I also heard just a few minutes ago that Mark H. had cancelled our trip to DC 
currently scheduled for 12/16 since he will be meeting with Commissioner 
Newsome tomorrow.  It might make sense to leave the December meeting on the 
calendar, though.  Seems to me the Enron message may get lost in the overall 
background noise of a big ISDA meeting.  Maybe I can come up alone and we can 
do a scaled down version of the originally scheduled meeting to get some solo 
time in the Commissioner's face.  What do you think?
The Thursday times look better for me.
Jenny Helton
01/05/99 02:37 PM
Sara would like to schedule a 30 minute meeting regarding 1998 ISDA Commodity 
Derivatives Definitions.  Sara is available on Wednesday at 2:30, Thursday at 
10:00 or Thursday at 2:30 
Please let me know the best time for you 
Thank you,
Jenny Helton
That looks good to me.
Dale Neuner on 01/31/2000 05:43:30 PM
How's this:
Sent by: Mark E Taylor
My only concern is that the Floating Price is the Index for the Determination 
Period (which is a month) but the Index is a daily index.  Should we be 
taking the average for the month?
Dale Neuner on 01/31/2000 05:10:41 PM
Bjorn - as requested.
Mark - we are finished building the Jet Kero product and have all approvals 
and uploads. Please offer final review 
so that I can release this product:
US Jet Kero Swap Platts GC 54    Apr-Jun00   c/Gl-b
Here's another one.
I received a call from Rosario Sindel with Union Oil. She has some questions 
in   to the ETA. She asked to speak with Louise Kitchen or Legal 
council. I was unable to contact you by phone at the time of the call. Could 
you please contact Ms. Sindel at 310-726-7767.
Thanks,
Matt 
x35221
EnronOnline 
This may be one of the things we have to deal with in connection with the SA 
restructuring.  In the past it was easy enough to justify using Don's budget 
since in theory all of your work was for his benefit.  Now it isn't quite so 
clear.  I think we need to figure out exactly who you are supporting - is 
there a separate RC for Argentina trading?
Brent Hendry@_DEVELOPMENT
02/03/2000 08:28 AM
Do you have any information on this?
Hi Brent!
Quick question.  In the past I have been charging your expenses to RC 0303 
which is Don Black's and Scott  Neal's RC.  You are listed in the system as 
having RC 0807.  Which should I be using?  Should your expenses come out of 
Don's and Scott's budget or yours?
-Becky
I sent the web address of the address of the site we were talking about last 
week as part of another e-mail(1/27).  This is just to check and make sure 
you knew it was there and have been able to access the site.
The web site address is at the bottom.
Christian has not yet gotten back to me but I have asked him to check on the 
dates we discussed for early/mid March.
Michael Etringer
01/27/2000 07:09 PM
I am not sure if Christian got back with you on the possible timing for our 
legal seminar in Portland but Tim Belden is out until Friday and Christian is 
out until Monday.  Christian indicated to me that he was going to call you on 
Monday with a definitive date 
The web site is now available outside the firewall.  The location is 
Be aware that this is currently only a template 
site. 
Let me know if you need any additional information.
,
Mike
503-464-3836
Dear Schuyler:
It seems to me that you used to chair a seminar put on by the Euromoney
people on swap documentation.  We used to send our new lawyers and more
experienced paralegals to the introductory course and the more
experienced lawyers to the advanced course.  It appears that Euromoney
is no longer putting this on.  Are you doing something similar through
another provider?
Mark Taylor
The system is certainly not set up to accommodate that now but we could 
probably draft around it on a case by case basis.  It strikes me that while 
we might be able to come up with a legal framework that would allow for this, 
the credit considerations are more problematic.  I would guess that the back 
office will also be unhappy about having to manually rearrange all of the 
trades.  This really seems like it is similar to the Aquilla problem in some 
respects.  When we suggested allowing one entity to trade for another, Credit 
was quite concerned because the system wouldn't be able to check the 
appropriate headroom.  I suppose Credit could just assign the lowest headroom 
for any of the eligible entities to the entire relationship - would  that be 
acceptable to everyone?  Another possibility is for the fund to set up a 
master trading entity which does the trades with us and then does back to 
back deals with whichever entities need the allocations.  That would let them 
do a large transaction on EOL and then smaller transactions with the other 
entities.  Of course, the master trading entity would need to qualify for 
credit on its own somehow.  Guarantees from anyone other than the owner would 
be difficult (upstream guarantee problems).
We have been talking to some of the hedge funds concerning EOL.  They want 
the ability to allocate transactions between legal entities.  They do not 
want to have different ID's and make seperate transaction for each entity 
(during which time the price could move) in order to self allocate.  Do you 
have any ideas on how we can facilitate this?
We met with the commercial team this afternoon and I was able to piece 
together the following:
Access to the auction site will be by clicking on a button on the EnronOnline 
(note spelling) trading page.
Most users of the site will already be signed up for EnronOnline - both a PA 
and ETA executed.
Other users will be given a user ID and password that give them "guest" 
access to EnronOnline and trading access to the auction page.
On the auction page the users may submit their offers to transact (either to 
buy or sell) with Enron.  The page will list a reserve price and identify the 
number of credits to be auctioned.  We are willing to commit to transact up 
to that number with the best bidders (at or beyond the reserve  price) but 
may transact larger volumes if we choose.
Users' offers may be submitted at any time during the auction period (this 
time frame remains a bit unclear - probably one day, possibly a week or more) 
and must remain binding until the close of the bidding and determination of 
winning bidders.
Certain uncreditworthy users may be required to post a deposit in the full 
amount of their offer to buy.
It is not yet clear if we will publish the offers after the fact (maybe just 
the winning offers - all without names of course) or even during the auction 
period but we would like to have that option.
I'm sure I've missed a few points but that gives you the flavor.  Harry is 
preparing the "GTC" for the actual purchases and sales - I assume based on 
our standard contracts for these products.  We need to put the legal 
framework together for the rest of it.  If the existing PA and ETA are 
adequate, that would be great but I haven't reread them with that in mind We REALLY don't want to have to have existing users sign another piece of 
paper.  It makes sense that the existing ETA covers some territory that won't 
matter to users who only have access to the auction page (e.g. references to 
master agreements) so a stripped down version of the ETA for those 
counterparties would make sense 
Can we talk on Monday?
Francisco & Lou:
Here is the reply from Figueroa Sierra.  Sorry for the delay in forwarding 
this on to you.
Mark
Electronic Mail Transmittal Form
FIGUEROA SIERRA & ASOCIADOS
A   B   O  G   A   D  O   S
Santaf, de Bogot? D.C., Colombia
URGENT:         X         NORMAL:
FOR:                        Mark Taylor, Esquire
Alan Aronowitz, Esquire
COMPANY:           ENRON NORTH AMERICA CORP.
DATE:                    November 12, 1999
MESSAGE:
ANNEX:                cover letter.doc
legal survey update.doc
legal survey update (blacklined).doc
- att1.htm
- legal survey update (blacklined).doc
- legal survey update.doc
- cover letter.doc
I thought your Mom might like the first three.
Just out of curiosity, who is Thomas Geisel?  I assume he is an Enron=20
person.  Do we already have a lawyer responsible for these issues?  I seem to=20
remember that Robert and Justin were handling the IPE and Martin and Mark=20
Elliott the NordPool and ELEX issues.  It might make sense to have one person=20
be the go-to guy for exchange issues with another designated for each=20
exchange.  What do you think?  It worries me a little to have only business=20
people involved - particularly if this is an early stage where we may have=20
our best hope for effective legal input.
Scott Sefton
01/06/99 07:54 AM
See the note below regarding efforts to create an exchange traded electricity=20
contract in Germany. As you will see, one of the efforts involves NYMEX.
Thomas Geisel
05/01/99 10:08
With regard to the energy exchange projects in Germany the following meetings=20
have been scheduled:
1. Concerning the D_sseldorf project we will meet with Mr. Elberskirch,=20
general manager of the D_sseldorf B"rse, on Tuedsday, Jan. 12, between 9:00=20
and 12:00 in the morning. Mr. Elbersbusch will be accompanied by two McKinsey=20
consultants, probably Dres. Hirse and Schrader. They will discuss with us the=20
feasibility study that McKinsey will present at the next "B"rsenratsmeeting"=20
on Jan. 13 (the day following our meeting). As the study has not yet been=20
finalized Mr Elberskirch will not forward any copies or drafts to us before=20
the meeting. I have indicated that from our side Jay (possibly), Joe, John,=20
Chris and myself would participate in the meeting.
2.The initiators of the Hannover project will meet with representatives of=20
NYMEX on Jan. 12 at 9:30 a.m. in London. According to Mr. Hagena, who is in=20
charge of the project on behalf of the state government of Lower Saxony,=20
representatives of the "Stromwirtschaft", i.e. of the major electricity=20
companies (in particular Preussen Elektra) will also participate in this=20
meeting. After this meeting, i.e. between 15:00 and 17:00, Mr. Hagena and Mr.=20
Wudy (Commerzbank Frankfurt) would like to meet with us. One of the issues=20
that will probably be raised is whether Enron would be prepared to become a=20
shareholder in the exchange company ("Tr,gergesellschaft"); it is planned=20
that the initial capital contributions of the shareholders (Stammkapital)=20
will amount to DM 20 Mio.=20
Participants in the meeting on our side would be the same as in the meeting=20
with the D_sseldorf people.
3. The "consensus talks" on the German energy exchange project are now=20
scheduled for January 26, 1999 in the offices of the Commerzbank in=20
Frankfurt. The meeting will be chaired not by the Minister of Ecomics, Mr.=20
M_ller, but by Mr. Tacke, who is State Secretary in the Ministry of Economics=20
and who has been Federal Chanceler Schroeder=01%s most important economic=20
adviser for the last couple of years. Tacke is likely to be a strong=20
supporter of the Hannnover project (he served under Schroeder in Lower=20
Saxony).
Invited to the meeting are representatives of the large electricity companies=20
(which have supposedly all already accepted the invitation), seven major=20
industrial consumers, natural gas companies (Ruhrgas, Wintershall/Wingas,=20
BEB), electricity traders (such as VASA and us) and banks (in particular the=20
Commerzbank and the Norddeutsche Landesbank). The invitation to Enron will be=20
addressed to Jay Fitzgerald.=20
TG
Just on the off chance you haven't had enough regarding EnronOnline to think 
about recently, Louise has announced meetings on Thursday and Friday of this 
week to discuss "Phase II" of the project.  It seems like an opportune time 
to come up with our wish-list of possible changes to the site and the legal 
structure.
Tbockius@aol.com on 02/08/2000 05:51:54 PM
Let me know if this is better.
I haven't had a chance to look at this yet but here it is.
Paul Simons
01/27/2000 12:31 PM
Mark
As per my voice-mail, here is a raft of GTCs including the US version.  The 
US version take on board S &C's comments, but obviously you will need to sign 
off on the US GTCs before we go live.  Grateful for any final comments asap 
as we are aiming to finalise them on Monday.
Many thanks and sorry its not much of a birthday gift (I'll make it up to 
you)!
Paul
SLAUGHTER AND MAY
35 Basinghall Street, London EC2V 5DB
TEL: +44 (0) 171 600 1200     FAX: +44 (0) 171 600 0289
This e-mail message is CONFIDENTIAL and may contain legally privileged
information.  If you are not the intended recipient you should not read,
copy, distribute, disclose or otherwise use the information in this e-mail.
Please also telephone or fax us immediately and delete the message from your
system. E-mail may be susceptible to data corruption, interception and
unauthorised amendment, and we do not accept liability for any such
corruption, interception or amendment or the consequences thereof.
A list of the partners and their professional qualifications is available
for inspection at the above address.  The partners are either solicitors or
registered foreign lawyers.
- CA003672719_7.doc
- CA003672720_7.doc
- CA003672721_7.doc
- CA003672492_14.doc
That sounds right to me - we were going to pay for extra trips (like the ENA 
legal conference int eh fall) but this meeting is for all lawyers so they 
would have to pay for this regardless.
Brent Hendry@_DEVELOPMENT
02/10/2000 07:06 AM
I am preparing my RSVP form and was wondering what Company I would be listed 
under and RC/Cost Center I would be using?  Should I use Enron Expat Services 
and the RC number used for my payroll or ENA or ESA?  I don't remember how 
this was allocated last year.   Thanks.
Jan:  Thanks for your note.  Tim Belden has asked Dana to book a conference 
room - maybe you can coordinate with her.  It might also be nice if there is 
a spare office or two that could be booked for the day (including the 
morning) so we will have a place to work when not in the meetings.  The only 
people I know of coming from out of town will be me and Ken Raisler, a lawyer 
with Sullivan & Cromwell in New York.  We will have a better idea of any 
audio-visual equipment we need as we get closer to the meeting date.
JAN M 
KING 02/09/2000 12:30 PM
Mark:  If there is anything you need in the way of facilities for this 
meeting, please let me know.  I would be happy to assist 
The second product listed here is physical.  It looks ok to me but I don't 
really know - can you take a look and approve it or comment to Dale please?
Thanks!
Dale Neuner on 02/11/2000 03:30:16 PM
Jeff -  Dick Jenkins would like to commence trading on US Nat Gas Phys Index 
Tetco M3
Brad Mckay has also set Tetco M3 up as a US Nat Gas Financial Swap product.
Please approve their request to transact on these products.
Mark -
Please review and offer comments.
Dale
3-9746
Here's another one.
Dale Neuner on 02/11/2000 03:01:17 PM
Mark - the Nat Gas traders would like to commence trading a daily Physical 
Index product based on Gas Daily - Henry Hub. Please review the attached and 
approve/offer comments.
I have not received any comments.  I consider it final.  Let me know if you 
need to have it customized for any particular circumstance.  Since I don't 
know who (or for that matter what) the PCG heads are, I sugggest that if they 
need it you send them copies.
David Forster
02/13/2000 04:23 PM
Mark,
Please let me know when you consider this letter finalised - one of us should 
send copies to the PCG heads.
Dave
Here's a draft of a termination letter.  I'd be happy to see what everyone 
thinks before we use it.  For instance, what tone are we aiming for?  If we 
want to be all legal and hard-nosed, I can throw in ETA section references, 
etc. or if we want to be softer we can emphasize other trading opportunities 
within Enron and possibly explain our reasons for the termination.
Let me know what you think.
Here is S&C's first draft.
GILBERGD@sullcrom.com on 02/14/2000 08:20:25 AM
Attached is a draft of the Auction Procedures we discussed.  Because I don't 
know how the auction page will be configured, it is likely that conforming 
changes will be necessary.  Also, I have left the references to "Enron" in 
brackets; I am not sure if a specific entity will be referenced or if all 
entities will be defined collectively as "Enron".  Please call or e-mail with 
any questions or comments 
This e-mail is sent by a law firm and contains information
that may be privileged and confidential. If you are not the
intended recipient, please delete the e-mail and notify us
immediately.
- Auction.wpd
Mark Haedicke and I are scheduled to participate in an ISDA sponsored 
conference call which begins at 9:00 Eastern time tomorrow morning.  If that 
call runs over, we may not be able to call you promptly at 10:00 but will 
call as soon as we can.
Unless you object, we have decided to structure the auction site with the 
"auction procedures" set out on the bid page, immediately above the "submit" 
button.  As soon as the bid is submitted, the system will check to see if the 
counterparty has already accepted the GTC's or has a master in place.  Here 
is S&C's first draft of the procedures for an auction without a reserve 
price, with no commitment to sell (or buy) and no disclosure of bids to other 
parties.  It is my impression that this is the way the EnBank auctions will 
be conducted.  Is that correct?  Any suggestions/comments?
Mark
GILBERGD@sullcrom.com on 02/14/2000 08:20:25 AM
Attached is a draft of the Auction Procedures we discussed.  Because I don't 
know how the auction page will be configured, it is likely that conforming 
changes will be necessary.  Also, I have left the references to "Enron" in 
brackets; I am not sure if a specific entity will be referenced or if all 
entities will be defined collectively as "Enron".  Please call or e-mail with 
any questions or comments 
This e-mail is sent by a law firm and contains information
that may be privileged and confidential. If you are not the
intended recipient, please delete the e-mail and notify us
immediately.
- Auction.wpd
I wish it were more clear.  I am trying to get down there to talk to the 
commercial people about the business direction and support we can provide but 
until then I don't know that we should get their hopes up.  I had hoped to 
come this week but Randy is here in Houston.  Maybe second half of next 
week?  Do you know if everyone will be in those days? (I was thinking Sao 
Paolo Wed/Thurs and B.A. Thurs/Fri 
Brent Hendry@_DEVELOPMENT
02/14/2000 10:53 AM
Here is my proposed response.  Let me know if you want to mention the last 
item or not.  Thanks.
Mike, I agree on having the trading attorneys continue to work on 
transactional work in Bolivia.  I also agree with Fede that to the extent a 
supply contract or off-take agreement is part of an overall financing 
agreement that the work ought to remain with the attorney in charge if 
overseeing the all the documentation for the project.  As always though we 
would be available to review provisions or answer any questions regarding 
Enron's position on trading issues.  Additionally, it may be possible that in 
the future a trading attorney in Brazil may be available to handle Bolivian 
issues as well.
Brent 
Enron International
I agree.  One little comment.  Though the transactional legal work should 
remain in Argentina, as an exemption, I would suggest to use Brazilian 
resources for "project financeable" gas supply agreements.
Fede
Michael Guerriero
02/10/2000 05:50 PM
I like to convey my thoughts regarding Bolivia legal responsibilities in 
light of the recent adjustments in commercial responsibility for Bolivia gas 
supply. As of today we have moved all responsibility for Bolivian natural gas 
supply and projects into the wholesale group under Fede. We have also moved 
Gaby over to support the effort. 
In light of the need for my group to focus on making the Argentine commercial 
markets a success and the wholesale groups need to support the projects I 
would like to propose that all Bolivian project related legal work go to John 
Novak's group and  all transactional Bolivian legal work (sales and 
purchases) remain in Argentina. 
I believe this division of responsibilities leverages off everyone expertise 
and eliminates the bottle necks we are having in Argentina regarding the 
project work. It will also allow the Bolivian commercial people to be 
supported best with their respective local legal talent.
Please let me know your thoughts. 
MFG
Are either of you guys aware of this web-site?  It looks like our weather 
people have put this out on the web ahead of us.  I think we need to talk to 
them about what they are allowed to post and what sorts of disclaimers should 
be there as well.  I just wanted to check with you before I call the weather 
desk here
Mark
Paul is out sick today - I'll see what I can find out tomorrow.
Justin Boyd
02/15/2000 02:20 AM
never heard of it!
justin
Are either of you guys aware of this web-site?  It looks like our weather 
people have put this out on the web ahead of us.  I think we need to talk to 
them about what they are allowed to post and what sorts of disclaimers should 
be there as well.  I just wanted to check with you before I call the weather 
desk here
Mark
Collateral Arrangements. Counterparty shall (at Enron=01,s request) either: (i)=20
within one Business Day of such request by Enron, provide to Enron a letter=20
of credit in respect of Counterparty's obligations under any Transaction, in=20
such form and for such amount and from such issuer, as is acceptable to Enron=20
in its absolute discretion; or (ii) within such period as is specified by=20
Enron, provide for the benefit of Enron a parent company guarantee in such=20
form and for such amount as is acceptable to Enron in its absolute=20
discretion. Failure so to provide such letter of credit or parent company=20
guaranty shall constitute a default hereunder giving rise to the immediate=20
right of termination by Enron under this GTC.
Here are my comments (together with my voice mail comment to Dave regarding 
an earlier deletion).
Justin Boyd
02/15/2000 03:26 AM
here are my minor comments as marked.  I would regard a "bid" in the context 
of an auction as a legal offer.
justin
David Forster
14/02/2000 21:34
Mark,
I have suggested a few changes on the attached, redlined version.
Please let me know if you think these are appropriate.
Thanks,
Dave
Unless you object, we have decided to structure the auction site with the 
"auction procedures" set out on the bid page, immediately above the "submit" 
button.  As soon as the bid is submitted, the system will check to see if the 
counterparty has already accepted the GTC's or has a master in place.  Here 
is S&C's first draft of the procedures for an auction without a reserve 
price, with no commitment to sell (or buy) and no disclosure of bids to other 
parties.  It is my impression that this is the way the EnBank auctions will 
be conducted.  Is that correct?  Any suggestions/comments?
Mark
GILBERGD@sullcrom.com on 02/14/2000 08:20:25 AM
Attached is a draft of the Auction Procedures we discussed.  Because I don't 
know how the auction page will be configured, it is likely that conforming 
changes will be necessary.  Also, I have left the references to "Enron" in 
brackets; I am not sure if a specific entity will be referenced or if all 
entities will be defined collectively as "Enron".  Please call or e-mail with 
any questions or comments 
This e-mail is sent by a law firm and contains information
that may be privileged and confidential. If you are not the
intended recipient, please delete the e-mail and notify us
immediately.
- Auction.wpd
Here are the procedures toegther with our comments.  If you have access to 
Word, you can see the changes and who made them.
I'm afraid I disagree with Justin but prefer not to do so publicly.  It seems 
to me we need a verifiable end time for the Auction Period and should choose 
a time and a time zone that makes sense for the traders and counterparties 
(presumably UK for EnBank but Central for emissions credits).
Justin Boyd
02/15/2000 11:54 AM
Mark/Dave,
Many thanks for tha attachment, which I agree with.  As for the point about 
time, I would specify something like "prevailing local time 
Justin
Here are my comments (together with my voice mail comment to Dave regarding 
an earlier deletion).
Justin Boyd
02/15/2000 03:26 AM
here are my minor comments as marked.  I would regard a "bid" in the context 
of an auction as a legal offer.
justin
David Forster
14/02/2000 21:34
Mark,
I have suggested a few changes on the attached, redlined version.
Please let me know if you think these are appropriate.
Thanks,
Dave
Unless you object, we have decided to structure the auction site with the 
"auction procedures" set out on the bid page, immediately above the "submit" 
button.  As soon as the bid is submitted, the system will check to see if the 
counterparty has already accepted the GTC's or has a master in place.  Here 
is S&C's first draft of the procedures for an auction without a reserve 
price, with no commitment to sell (or buy) and no disclosure of bids to other 
parties.  It is my impression that this is the way the EnBank auctions will 
be conducted.  Is that correct?  Any suggestions/comments?
Mark
GILBERGD@sullcrom.com on 02/14/2000 08:20:25 AM
Attached is a draft of the Auction Procedures we discussed.  Because I don't 
know how the auction page will be configured, it is likely that conforming 
changes will be necessary.  Also, I have left the references to "Enron" in 
brackets; I am not sure if a specific entity will be referenced or if all 
entities will be defined collectively as "Enron".  Please call or e-mail with 
any questions or comments 
This e-mail is sent by a law firm and contains information
that may be privileged and confidential. If you are not the
intended recipient, please delete the e-mail and notify us
immediately.
- Auction.wpd
Justin - are the EnBank contracts physical or financial?  It seems to me we 
should use the same customer profiles - that is if the contracts are 
physical, then any counterparty which can trade physical UK gas should have 
access.  If the contracts are financial, then any counterparty that can trade 
UK derivatives should have access.
Mark
David Forster
02/15/2000 10:14 AM
Justin,
I am assuming that there is no reason from a legal perspective to restrict 
access to EnronOnline EnBank Auctions - so we will proceed with setting up 
the user profiles this way (I've already checked with credit).
Please let me know if this is assumption is incorrect and we need to restrict 
access.
Thanks,
Dave
It turns out the initial auction product will not be the emissions credits 
but rather the EnBank UK synthetic gas storage product.  They want this 
auction to allow bids to be revoked or revised up until the end of the 
auction period and not to have the ability to accept bids until the 
expiration time.  There is still no commitment to sell anything.  All 
transactions will be for sales by Enron to the counterparty.  I have taken a 
stab at revising the procedures language with this in mind.
Would you please check and see if we have any JEDI swaps wtih these 
counterparies?
Carol St Clair
01/07/99 11:24 AM
Mark: 
Here is the list of JEDI I assets that were transferred 100% to JEDI II in 
january, 1998
Inland Resources, Inc. -preferred stock investment
Vastar Resources - 50% JV interest
Aspect Resources LLC- $16,000,000 credit facility
Sierra Well Services, Inc. - $60,000,000 credit facility and warrants
TransCoastal Marine Services - 2 credit facilities and warrants
Browning Exploartion LP - lp interest
Carol
Here's a stab at tthe procedures which provides for hte ability to revise or 
revoke bids during the auction period.
Comments?
FYI
Justin Boyd
02/16/2000 02:22 AM
thanks mark - the contracts are physical, and as a result all C/Ps that trade 
UK physical gas can have access.
j
Justin - are the EnBank contracts physical or financial?  It seems to me we 
should use the same customer profiles - that is if the contracts are 
physical, then any counterparty which can trade physical UK gas should have 
access.  If the contracts are financial, then any counterparty that can trade 
UK derivatives should have access.
Mark
David Forster
02/15/2000 10:14 AM
Justin,
I am assuming that there is no reason from a legal perspective to restrict 
access to EnronOnline EnBank Auctions - so we will proceed with setting up 
the user profiles this way (I've already checked with credit).
Please let me know if this is assumption is incorrect and we need to restrict 
access.
Thanks,
Dave
I'm not sure which "process" you are referring to.  I have not yet seen a 
list of proposed reference entities and if any of them have a business 
relationship with Enron they will need to be subject to a deeper legal 
review.  The process for that review has not yet been finalized but for some 
potential reference entitiesit will be very time consuming (i.e. for those 
entities where the extent and nature of the business relationship is 
unclear).  The "soft" Chinese walls also have yet to be built for the US For those walls to be effective there may need top be training for people on 
both sides of the walls.
David Forster
02/16/2000 08:46 AM
Credit are pushing to launch online credit trading for this coming Monday.
Have you both "signed off" on the process, or are there issues outstanding 
which need to be resolved, from your point of view?
Dave
With the final comment from Sullivan & Cromwell:
Is this a document that is available generall?  If so, can we get a copy? 
Yes, this looks better to me.
David Forster
02/16/2000 10:21 AM
Mark,
Further to our conversation the other day, are you happy for us to change the 
following in the GTC screen in EnronOnline:
Old:  "(Guest Users will view Generic GTCs which are shown for information 
purposes only)"
New: "(Guest Users will view sample GTC's which may differ in some respects 
from execution versions)"
Dave
FYI
Paul Simons
02/16/2000 02:06 PM
not aware 
Are either of you guys aware of this web-site?  It looks like our weather 
people have put this out on the web ahead of us.  I think we need to talk to 
them about what they are allowed to post and what sorts of disclaimers should 
be there as well.  I just wanted to check with you before I call the weather 
desk here
Mark
I'm not sure I agree with you.  There is a big difference between listing the 
price for a reference entity's credit online (i.e. in a nearly public manner) 
vs. providing a price quote to customers who request it.  The almost public 
nature of the marketing  may influence whether or not the reference entity is 
happy with Enron trading the product.  Even if they are not affected in this 
way, having given them notice in advance will at least give us moral high 
ground if the reference entity later decides to object.
Louise Kitchen
02/16/2000 03:49 PM
Remove all references to EnronOnline its unnecessary in this context suffice to say you will be trading through all the normal Enron methods.
Louise
Bryan Seyfried
16/02/2000 20:24
Attached is the letter that we intend to send to CFO/Treasurers of reference 
credits.  The section on EnronOnline was recommended by Sullivan and Cromwell 
and reviewed by Goddard, Dilworth and Simons.
There may be a few minor edits before it goes out.
Thanks
bs
I finally got my film developed - this gives you an idea of how often I use 
the camera - and thought you might like these.  Unfortunately the only shot 
on the roll of Bruce didn't turn out - directly attributable to the 
photographer's lack of skill - and we never did have anybody take a group 
shot.  There were several others that you can tell would have been great 
shots if my thumb hadn't half obscured the lens.  The sunset was taken during 
our last night there while you guys were swimming off in the direction the 
picture was taken (if you listen carefully, you can almost hear Ted losing 
his lunch down below).
Hope you guys are well - any trips to Houston on the agenda?
Mark
Edmund:
Thanks for your voice mail and sorry for the delay, just a couple of 
questions and minor points ont eh GTC 
In paragraph 1, the usual practice in North America would be for the executed 
confirmation to control over other evidence.
Since online credit derivatives are not traded under our existing master 
agreements, we need to make clear to the Credit Group that these positions 
should not be included when they determine their rights to call for 
collateral under the masters.
I'm not familiar with the fraud limitation towards the end of Section 6.  Is 
this particular to credit derivatives?
With respect to the third paragraph of Section 9, we need to be aware that 
these GTC's can be accepted by any EOL user while the ETA must be accepted by 
the Mater User.  It is not entirely clear that all sub-users will have the 
authority to amend the ETA.  Is the purpose of the second sentence to 
"deactivate" master agreements that might otherwise control the transaction If so, in other circumstances where we needed to force the GTC to override a 
master, we have taken additional steps to notify the affected 
counterparties.  (I can't remember if we required that the counterparty 
execute a side letter or if we just notified them that acceptance of the GTC 
would acknowledge that the master did not control.)
I'm sure you guys have spent untold hours on the definition of Bankruptcy 
Event, but I do want to point out that under US bankruptcy law it is 
impossible to have an involuntary bankruptcy dismissed within 30 days.  If we 
actually want the poor unsuspecting Reference Entity to have a chance to have 
the case dismissed, 90 days might do it (I am told that the various periods 
for notices and responses prior to the date a hearing may be held add up to 
more than 60 days).
I'm uncomfortable with the use of the term "Month."  What would the Effective 
Date be for a transaction entered into on December 30?  You could argue that 
it is either the last day of February or the first or second day of March The ambiguity could be resolved by using a number of days and a business day 
convention.
This is probably an issue for all of our derivatives  -  should we apply a 
different interest rate to non-US$ payments?
It is Mark Haedicke's relatively unwavering policy that US. derivatives 
trading agreements be subject to arbitration.  We rarely submit to the 
jurisdiction of NY courts unless the counterparty is incorporated outside the 
US.  Unless you have received a special dispensation from Mark, there is some 
straightforward arbitration language in the ENA financial GTC.
Our other derivatives agreements contain confidentiality provisions - have we 
decided not to include one here for a particular reason?
Again. sorry for the delay.  I will be here all week and happy to discuss any 
of these points.
Mark
Edmund Cooper
02/15/2000 10:29 AM
Dear Gavin,
Thanks for the latest drafts of the GTCs. 
I have spoken with Paul about the comments on the GTCs from Tax in Houston, 
and I have also spoken with Tax in London, and there are a few small changes 
to the tax provisions of the GTC which London Tax feel appropriate.  I have 
marked-up the proposed amendments and have also made a few other small 
tidy-up changes as well.
I have made the changes to the US GTC (with collateral) and these changes 
should be reflected in all the other GTCs EXCEPT that the amended references 
to "the United States" in Section 11(B) should remain as references to "the 
United Kingdom" in the non-US and non-Canadian GTCs.  Please let me know if 
this is unclear.
Unless you have any comments on these revisions, please could you prepare 
amended versions of the GTCs in anticipation of any final changes from local 
counsel.
Many thanks,
Edmund.
Jennifer:
Our records indicate that a draft was delivered to you earlier this week.  If 
you do not have it, please let Marie Heard (x33907) know and she can get you 
another copy.
Mark
Mark,
Have you had a chance yet to prepare a Master Swap Agreement yet for HL&P?  I 
would really like to start the ball rolling with the customer and get them a 
copy to start going through.  Please let me know the status.
Thanks,
Jennifer
Mark, Please forward the Master Swap Agreement to Jennifer Sabine for her 
further handling with her counterparty at HL&P.  Thank you.
There are a few points in here that you might be interested in - or not.
Edmund:
Thanks for your voice mail and sorry for the delay, just a couple of 
questions and minor points ont eh GTC 
In paragraph 1, the usual practice in North America would be for the executed 
confirmation to control over other evidence.
Since online credit derivatives are not traded under our existing master 
agreements, we need to make clear to the Credit Group that these positions 
should not be included when they determine their rights to call for 
collateral under the masters.
I'm not familiar with the fraud limitation towards the end of Section 6.  Is 
this particular to credit derivatives?
With respect to the third paragraph of Section 9, we need to be aware that 
these GTC's can be accepted by any EOL user while the ETA must be accepted by 
the Mater User.  It is not entirely clear that all sub-users will have the 
authority to amend the ETA.  Is the purpose of the second sentence to 
"deactivate" master agreements that might otherwise control the transaction If so, in other circumstances where we needed to force the GTC to override a 
master, we have taken additional steps to notify the affected 
counterparties.  (I can't remember if we required that the counterparty 
execute a side letter or if we just notified them that acceptance of the GTC 
would acknowledge that the master did not control.)
I'm sure you guys have spent untold hours on the definition of Bankruptcy 
Event, but I do want to point out that under US bankruptcy law it is 
impossible to have an involuntary bankruptcy dismissed within 30 days.  If we 
actually want the poor unsuspecting Reference Entity to have a chance to have 
the case dismissed, 90 days might do it (I am told that the various periods 
for notices and responses prior to the date a hearing may be held add up to 
more than 60 days).
I'm uncomfortable with the use of the term "Month."  What would the Effective 
Date be for a transaction entered into on December 30?  You could argue that 
it is either the last day of February or the first or second day of March The ambiguity could be resolved by using a number of days and a business day 
convention.
This is probably an issue for all of our derivatives  -  should we apply a 
different interest rate to non-US$ payments?
It is Mark Haedicke's relatively unwavering policy that US. derivatives 
trading agreements be subject to arbitration.  We rarely submit to the 
jurisdiction of NY courts unless the counterparty is incorporated outside the 
US.  Unless you have received a special dispensation from Mark, there is some 
straightforward arbitration language in the ENA financial GTC.
Our other derivatives agreements contain confidentiality provisions - have we 
decided not to include one here for a particular reason?
Again. sorry for the delay.  I will be here all week and happy to discuss any 
of these points.
Mark
Edmund Cooper
02/15/2000 10:29 AM
Dear Gavin,
Thanks for the latest drafts of the GTCs. 
I have spoken with Paul about the comments on the GTCs from Tax in Houston, 
and I have also spoken with Tax in London, and there are a few small changes 
to the tax provisions of the GTC which London Tax feel appropriate.  I have 
marked-up the proposed amendments and have also made a few other small 
tidy-up changes as well.
I have made the changes to the US GTC (with collateral) and these changes 
should be reflected in all the other GTCs EXCEPT that the amended references 
to "the United States" in Section 11(B) should remain as references to "the 
United Kingdom" in the non-US and non-Canadian GTCs.  Please let me know if 
this is unclear.
Unless you have any comments on these revisions, please could you prepare 
amended versions of the GTCs in anticipation of any final changes from local 
counsel.
Many thanks,
Edmund.
I received the proposed list of reference entities today.  Here is a draft of 
a memo that I cobbled together to use in trying to get input from others 
within Enron for the restriced list.  Would you let me know what you think I will be meeting with Mark H. tomorrow to talk with him about it.  It isn't 
clear to me who should receive this and from whom it should come.  Since the 
communications people may have relationships with some of these folks, is 
Kristina the right person?  I know that EES has some kind of joint venture 
with AOL - should Vicki sign off?  If it is going to such persons, should the 
memo come from Mark?  Cliff Baxter?  John Sheriff?  Jim Derrick 
ENRON 
As Enron's broadband services business grows, we will continue to position 
the company to take advantage of the significant opportunities in this market 
and meet the needs of our global customers.  With that in mind, we've made a 
number of changes within the Office of the Chairman of Enron Broadband 
Services aimed at providing a better focus on the key objectives of the 
organization 
Joe Hirko and Ken Rice, previously co-CEOs of Enron Broadband Services, will 
continue to jointly manage the strategic direction of the company.  Joe will 
continue as CEO and will be responsible for the primary executive management 
of EBS as well as network build-out, BOS development, cross-market 
capabilities and staff functions.  Ken will assume the role of chief 
commercial officer and will be responsible for developing the commercial 
functions of the organization.
In addition, Kevin Hannon has been named chief operating officer and will be 
responsible for the day-to-day operations of EBS.  Kevin was most recently 
CEO of Global Risk Management and, prior to that position, he was president 
Please join us in congratulating Joe, Ken, Kevin and Greg in their new roles. 
For a number of reasons, including those identified below, Enron maintains a=20
=01&Restricted List=018 in connection with its credit derivatives business, which=20
will list those entities that may not be included in the list of Reference=20
Entities or that have been deleted from the list of Reference Entities.  This=20
list is designed to comply with legal requirements, to deal with potential=20
conflicts of interest that might result because of our diverse activities,=20
and to prevent the appearance of impropriety in connection with Enron=01,s=20
credit derivatives trading activities.  The credit derivatives Restricted=20
List is designed for other purposes as well.  For example, a company may be=20
placed on the Restricted List if Enron is not able to assume any further=20
credit exposure to that company or believes that market conditions do not=20
warrant the trading of Credit Derivatives on such Reference Entity.
A company ordinarily will be placed on the credit derivatives Restricted=20
List, either before or after it has become a Reference Entity on which credit=20
derivatives are traded, in the following circumstances:
when Enron is actively engaged in effecting a material transaction with=20
respect to such company that has not been publicly announced;
when Enron has an applicable standstill agreement or other confidentiality=20
agreement in place with such company;
when Enron has a legal duty to keep such company's information confidential=20
and such company has not expressly consented to being a Reference Entity for=20
purposes of the trading of credit derivatives (such a legal duty may be a=20
fiduciary duty but may not rise to that level);
when some part of Enron acquires material, nonpublic information about a=20
company or its securities in the course of its business activities;
when Enron has reached or exceeded its credit limits with respect to such=20
company.
The purpose of this memorandum is to alert you to this new business and to=20
request your assistance in evaluating proposed Reference Entities prior to=20
the trading of credit derivatives based on such companies.  Below is a list=20
of proposed Reference Entities.  Please take a few minutes to look at this=20
list and then let me know if you are aware of any reason such companies=20
should placed on the credit derivatives Restricted List.  If you have any=20
questions, please contact me at (713)853-7459 or Paul Simons in the London=20
office at 44-20-7783-6566.
Cinergy Corp.
Duke Energy Corporation
Dynegy Inc.=20
El Paso Energy Corporation
PG & E Corporation
Southern Company Inc, The
AOL
Lucent Technology
Nortel
Qwest Communications
My recollection is that we did this on purpose - that the industry works this 
way for all participants (or nearly all) so we built our documents to reflect 
that practice.  Do I remember correctly?
David Forster
02/17/2000 01:59 PM
All,
I am aware that early in the EnronOnline process, some GTC's were only 
generated for the "With Collateral" category and hence, all companies 
transacting in that commodity were subject to the collateral clause.
I am now starting to wonder if this was an oversight, or if there is a reason 
why all counterparties should be bound by a collateral clause for the 
following GTC's/Products:
I would appreciate any insight which any of you can offer.
Thanks,
Dave
I just called Diomedes' office to try and get on his calendar next week They told me he is not there and won't be back until after Carnival which I 
guess means March 9 at the earliest.  I am in Portland the 6th & 7th (Mon Tues.) and Amsterdam the 13th - 17th (Tues. - Fri.).  Unless an emergency 
comes up it looks like the earliest I can reasonably expect to make it will 
be towards the end of March (27 - 31 
Brent Hendry@_DEVELOPMENT
02/18/2000 06:53 AM
Mike will be here next Thursday and Friday.  I am not sure of anyone's 
schedule in Sao Paulo.  Please note though that Mike has scheduled an offsite 
for BA office next Friday afternoon to discuss the goals for this next 
year.   No one will be around the office most of Friday.  Does it make sense 
to flip the order of visits?
Mark Taylor@ECT
14/02/2000 07:30 PM
I wish it were more clear.  I am trying to get down there to talk to the 
commercial people about the business direction and support we can provide but 
until then I don't know that we should get their hopes up.  I had hoped to 
come this week but Randy is here in Houston.  Maybe second half of next 
week?  Do you know if everyone will be in those days? (I was thinking Sao 
Paolo Wed/Thurs and B.A. Thurs/Fri 
Brent Hendry@_DEVELOPMENT
02/14/2000 10:53 AM
Here is my proposed response.  Let me know if you want to mention the last 
item or not.  Thanks.
Mike, I agree on having the trading attorneys continue to work on 
transactional work in Bolivia.  I also agree with Fede that to the extent a 
supply contract or off-take agreement is part of an overall financing 
agreement that the work ought to remain with the attorney in charge if 
overseeing the all the documentation for the project.  As always though we 
would be available to review provisions or answer any questions regarding 
Enron's position on trading issues.  Additionally, it may be possible that in 
the future a trading attorney in Brazil may be available to handle Bolivian 
issues as well.
Brent 
Enron International
I agree.  One little comment.  Though the transactional legal work should 
remain in Argentina, as an exemption, I would suggest to use Brazilian 
resources for "project financeable" gas supply agreements.
Fede
Michael Guerriero
02/10/2000 05:50 PM
I like to convey my thoughts regarding Bolivia legal responsibilities in 
light of the recent adjustments in commercial responsibility for Bolivia gas 
supply. As of today we have moved all responsibility for Bolivian natural gas 
supply and projects into the wholesale group under Fede. We have also moved 
Gaby over to support the effort. 
In light of the need for my group to focus on making the Argentine commercial 
markets a success and the wholesale groups need to support the projects I 
would like to propose that all Bolivian project related legal work go to John 
Novak's group and  all transactional Bolivian legal work (sales and 
purchases) remain in Argentina. 
I believe this division of responsibilities leverages off everyone expertise 
and eliminates the bottle necks we are having in Argentina regarding the 
project work. It will also allow the Bolivian commercial people to be 
supported best with their respective local legal talent.
Please let me know your thoughts. 
MFG
Here is the list of reference entities I received from Debbie with the 
confidentiality agreements and the reference entities they relate to 
indicated.  If the reference entity name is in bold we have a confidentiality 
agreement with the entity itself. I notice that AOL, Nortel and Qwest are not 
on the list (they were on the original list for actual trading sent to me were they removed by you guys?
Reference Entity    Affiliate Confidentiality Agreements
AGL Resources Inc.
AT & T Corp.     AT&T Commercial Finance Corporation
Atlantic Richfield Company   US coal business of Atlantic Richfield Company
Baltimore Gas and Electric Company
Bay State Gas Company 
Bell Atlantic Corp
BellSouth Corp.
Boston Edison Company
Boston Gas Company
Burlington Resources Inc.
Carolina Power & Light Company
Central Illinois Light Company
Central Maine Power Company
Central Power and Light Company
Chevron Corp `    Chevron USA Inc.
Cinergy Corp.
Citizens Utilities Company
Columbia Energy Group    Columbia Energy Services Corporation
Columbia Electric Corporation
Commonwealth Edison Corp
Commonwealth Electric Company
Conoco Inc.     Conoco Canada Limited
Consolidated Edison Inc    Consolidated Edison Energy, Inc.
Constellation Energy Group
Cox Communications Inc
Dayton Power and Light Company, The
DPL Incorporated
Dominion Resources Inc.   Dominion Energy Canada Ltd.
Dow Chemical Company    Dow Chemical Canada Inc.
DQE Inc
Duke Energy Corporation   Duke Energy Field Services, Inc.
Duke Energy Power Services LLC
Duquesne Light Company
Dynegy Inc.      Dynergy Power Holdings, Inc.
El Paso Energy Corp    El Paso Electric Company
El Paso Energy Marketing Company
El Paso Field Services Company
El paso Merchant Energy, L.P.
El Paso Power Services, Inc.
Exxon Mobil Corporation   Exxon Pipeline Company
Mobil Business Resources Corporation 
Florida Power & Light Company
FPL Group Inc.     FPL Energy, Inc.
IDACORP Inc.
Idaho Power Company
Illinois Power Company
Lucent Technologies    Utilities Solutions Business of Lucent Technologies, 
Inc.
Marathon Oil Company    Marathon Canada Limited
MCI World Com Inc.
Montana Power Company
Nevada Power Company
New Jersey Natural Gas Company
New York State Electric & Gas Corporation
Niagara Mohawk Power Corporation
Occidental Petroleum Corp   Occidental Energy Marketing, Inc.
Oklahoma Gas And Electric Company
Pacific Gas & Electric Company   Pacific Gas & Electric Corporation (same 
entity?)
PG&E Generating Company
Peco Energy Company
Pennzoil-Quaker State Company
Peoples Energy Corp    Peoples Energy Services Corporation
PG&E Corporation    how is this related to Pacific Gas & Electric Company?
Phillips Petroleum Company   Phillips Petroleum Co, U.K. Ltd.
Piedmont Natural Gas Co
Potomac Electric Power Company
San Diego Gas & Electric Company
Sierra Pacific Power Company
Southern California Gas Company
Southern Company Inc    Southern Company Services, Inc.
Texaco Inc.     Texaco Limited
Texaco North Sea UK Company
Texas-New Mexico Power Company
The Peoples Gas Light & Coke Company
Ultramar Diamond Shamrock
US West, Inc.
Utilicorp United Inc.
Vastar Resources, Inc.
Virginia Electric and Power Company  Virginia Gas Co. (related?)
Washington Gas Light Company
Wisconsin Electric Power Company
Wisconsin Gas Company
Wisconsin Power And Light Company
Brent - what is your home number?  You can get me at the office today (Monday 
until around lunch time, then you can try my cell phone 713-206-8080.
Here is the list of reference entities I received from Debbie with the 
confidentiality agreements and the reference entities they relate to 
indicated.  If the reference entity name is in bold we have a confidentiality 
agreement with the entity itself. I notice that AOL, Nortel and Qwest are not 
on the list (they were on the original list for actual trading sent to me were they removed by you guys?
Reference Entity    Affiliate Confidentiality Agreements
AGL Resources Inc.
AT & T Corp.     AT&T Commercial Finance Corporation
Atlantic Richfield Company   US coal business of Atlantic Richfield Company
Baltimore Gas and Electric Company
Bay State Gas Company 
Bell Atlantic Corp
BellSouth Corp.
Boston Edison Company
Boston Gas Company
Burlington Resources Inc.
Carolina Power & Light Company
Central Illinois Light Company
Central Maine Power Company
Central Power and Light Company
Chevron Corp `    Chevron USA Inc.
Cinergy Corp.
Citizens Utilities Company
Columbia Energy Group    Columbia Energy Services Corporation
Columbia Electric Corporation
Commonwealth Edison Corp
Commonwealth Electric Company
Conoco Inc.     Conoco Canada Limited
Consolidated Edison Inc    Consolidated Edison Energy, Inc.
Constellation Energy Group
Cox Communications Inc
Dayton Power and Light Company, The
DPL Incorporated
Dominion Resources Inc.   Dominion Energy Canada Ltd.
Dow Chemical Company    Dow Chemical Canada Inc.
DQE Inc
Duke Energy Corporation   Duke Energy Field Services, Inc.
Duke Energy Power Services LLC
Duquesne Light Company
Dynegy Inc.      Dynergy Power Holdings, Inc.
El Paso Energy Corp    El Paso Electric Company
El Paso Energy Marketing Company
El Paso Field Services Company
El paso Merchant Energy, L.P.
El Paso Power Services, Inc.
Exxon Mobil Corporation   Exxon Pipeline Company
Mobil Business Resources Corporation 
Florida Power & Light Company
FPL Group Inc.     FPL Energy, Inc.
IDACORP Inc.
Idaho Power Company
Illinois Power Company
Lucent Technologies    Utilities Solutions Business of Lucent Technologies, 
Inc.
Marathon Oil Company    Marathon Canada Limited
MCI World Com Inc.
Montana Power Company
Nevada Power Company
New Jersey Natural Gas Company
New York State Electric & Gas Corporation
Niagara Mohawk Power Corporation
Occidental Petroleum Corp   Occidental Energy Marketing, Inc.
Oklahoma Gas And Electric Company
Pacific Gas & Electric Company   Pacific Gas & Electric Corporation (same 
entity?)
PG&E Generating Company
Peco Energy Company
Pennzoil-Quaker State Company
Peoples Energy Corp    Peoples Energy Services Corporation
PG&E Corporation    how is this related to Pacific Gas & Electric Company?
Phillips Petroleum Company   Phillips Petroleum Co, U.K. Ltd.
Piedmont Natural Gas Co
Potomac Electric Power Company
San Diego Gas & Electric Company
Sierra Pacific Power Company
Southern California Gas Company
Southern Company Inc    Southern Company Services, Inc.
Texaco Inc.     Texaco Limited
Texaco North Sea UK Company
Texas-New Mexico Power Company
The Peoples Gas Light & Coke Company
Ultramar Diamond Shamrock
US West, Inc.
Utilicorp United Inc.
Vastar Resources, Inc.
Virginia Electric and Power Company  Virginia Gas Co. (related?)
Washington Gas Light Company
Wisconsin Electric Power Company
Wisconsin Gas Company
Wisconsin Power And Light Company
I just looked at the first couple of documents attached and wanted to make 
sure the second item listed in them works.  Is everyone comfortable that the 
volume should be submitted in megawatts and then divided in half to produce 
megawatt hours?  I think it works but I had to work through it to get there it wasn't immediately obvious to me.
Paul Smith@_DEVELOPMENT
02/21/2000 06:30 PM
Dave,
Here are the final Long Form Descriptions for the remaining regions (NSW, 
QLD, SA).
The term of the Swaps that will initially be offered via EOL has yet to be 
decided, but I assume we can set those in the Product Manager when we create 
Australian Power Products.
Rgds
Paul
Hope you're having a pleasant first week of 1999.  Thought I would forward 
this on.....I found that 16, 15, 14, 8, 7, 2 and 1 hit a little too close to 
home.