Mark,
Ouch, that stings.  Hopefully you are the only one that knows!  I know you 
can close the deal anyway!
Mike
Mark Frevert@
09/26/2000 08:59 AM
I dont like your chances if you can't spell " Gonzelas "  right!  Mark
Rex,
If i am no longer a section 16 officer, do i need to be removed from this 
list?  What is the status?
Thanks,
mike
My passport number is: 132871136.  Cathy Phillips can answer any other 
questions.
thanks, mike
Mike,
Please see the attached POA authorizing you and Rick Bergsieker to execute 
the referenced agreement and related documents.  The timing of execution of 
these documents is unclear at this time.  This matter has been pending for 
about 5 months as full agreement has not been reached with PDVSA, I believe. 
Please note that I will need your passport number to include in the POA, as 
this is required by Venezuela law.  Thank you.
Rick Bergsieker
09/21/2000 04:01 PM
Make it Mike McConnell and me---nobody else at this time
Rick,
Nancy Corbet has advised that the timing for the execution of the referenced 
document is unclear; however, a POA was prepared in April of this year, 
authorizing Frank Stabler, David Haug, and Doug Rotenberg as 
attorneys-in-fact to execute this and other related "transaction documents."
We should replace Frank and Doug.  Nancy has suggested that you could be 
named to replace one of them.  Is this okay with you?  Should David be 
retained?  Who else do you recommend naming as the third 
signatory/attorney-in-fact?
Please advise.
FYI, project Dragon.  It looks like it is done.  i replied that we understood 
and it was fine.
m
Bruce Lundstrom@_DEVELOPMENT
09/25/2000 04:54 PM
Sent by: Liz N Martinez@_DEVELOPMENT
General Counsels -
At the direction of the Enron APACHI Office of the Chairman, I am sending 
this e-mail to you pursuant to the Enron Corp. Policy on Noncompetition.  I 
would appreciate if you would check with your CEO/COO regarding this e-mail 
and respond to me by Friday, September 29 if you have questions or concerns Enron APACHI may need to commit to the following provisions (that bind Enron 
affiliates) by Monday, October 2.
Given the consolidating power generation market in Asia Pacific, Enron Asia 
Pacific/Africa/China (Enron APACHI) is proposing to enter into a transaction 
with Marubeni and Sithe Asia to combine the respective power generation 
portfolios into a single company (Newco).  Newco would be charged with making 
the shareholders' investments as liquid as possible to allow for sale of the 
shareholders' respective stakes in Newco 
The shareholders believe that Newco must not be seen by the market as a 
"dumping ground" for existing power projects but rather as the vehicle 
through which the investors will continue to pursue power generation 
opportunities in Asia.  As a result, Enron APACHI proposes to include 
competition restrictions in the Marubeni/Enron Shareholder Agreement that 
would bind their respective affiliates 
The following is a summary of these competition provisions:
Enron affiliates (with the exceptions stated below) could only develop or own 
power projects in the Asia Pacific Region (as defined below) after first 
offering the opportunity to Newco.  If Newco declines the opportunity, Enron 
would be free to own the project itself or offer the project to third parties 
provided that the terms do not materially improve.  Development or ownership 
does not include the provision of construction, O&M, offtaker or risk 
management services.
There are a number of exceptions to this rule:  (a) small projects involving 
20 MW or less; (b) projects in which Enron owns less than a 1/3 interest; (c) 
projects initiated by our SK joint venture; (d) Korean projects using natural 
gas produced by Enron; (e) projects obtained in a corporate acquisition in 
which Asia generation is less than 20% of the value of the acquisition; and 
(f) situations in which any Enron company would be exposed to fiduciary 
liability to another shareholder in complying with the competition 
restriction.
"Affiliates" will be defined to exclude Enron affiliates which are 
publicly-owned (e.g., Azurix).
"Asia Pacific Region" will be defined to include Brunei, China (including 
Hong Kong and Macau), South Korea, North Korea, Taiwan, Vietnam, Laos, 
Cambodia, Thailand, Myanmar, the Philippines, Malaysia, Indonesia, East 
Timor, Singapore, Papua New Guinea and the Pacific Islands (including Guam, 
Saipan, the Federated States of Micronesia, and Fiji, but excluding Hawaii It does not include Japan and Australia.
The competition clause would survive until the earlier of (a) Enron selling 
its interest in Newco or (b) December 31, 2003.
Thank you,
Bruce Lundstrom, General Counsel, Enron APACHI
Thanks, understood and good luck.
mike
Hi Mary Anne -
I am responding to your message on behalf of Mike McConnell.  Mike is in 
Singapore at this time and we are not sure if he will be successful in 
dialing up to catch up on his e-mail correspondence 
Thank you very much for your message.  We solicit one time lump-sum 
contributions to JDF rather than per mile.  In addition, we collect the 
pledges for the walk - rain or shine.  The reason of course is that our main 
goal is to raise money to find a cure and we would prefer that weather or 
other elements beyond our control not impact our ability to raise funds However, we have a great time on walk day and we have a lot of people turn 
out for the walk.  This year we are anticipating in excess of 500 walkers The total amount of donations that are turned in by Enron employees are very 
generously matched dollar-for-dollar by the Enron Foundation.  Therefore, the 
matching forms are not necessary 
If you happen to be in Houston on November 5th we would enjoy having you join 
us for the walk.  If you care to make a donation, it may be mailed to Mike at 
the following address:
Mike McConnell
Enron Global Markets
1400 Smith Street, EB 3328
Houston, TX  77002
If you donate $25 or more you are entitled to an Enron/JDF Walk T-shirt.  If 
you are interested just send us your size (M-L-XL-XXL) and location and we 
will get one to you.
Thanks again.
Cathy Phillips
713-853-6898
Mary Anne Collins@MUNICATIONS
09/13/2000 02:19 PM
Hi Mike -
Saw your announcement regarding the walk on wEBSource.  Although I don't have 
the funds to fly down to Houston to participate, I'd be happy to at least 
make a donation!  How are the donations tallied?  Pledge per mile walked Lump sum contribution?  Let me know!
I too am an insulin dependant diabetic - for 32 years now - and do know what 
a child goes through when diagnosed with this disease.  I just thank God that 
I have parents that instilled a strong sense of self and urged me to 
understand as much about the disease as possible.  I've seen too many kids 
and young adults, in my association with the Oregon Chapter of the JDF, that 
didn't understand and didn't want to deal with their diabetes - some of them 
dying at a very young age due to complications.  I volunteer my time to talk 
to newly diagnosed diabetic children, so they and their parents can 
understand that it isn't a death sentence, it's a way of life.  And a way of 
life that can be long and productive.
Here's wishing you the best in your endeavors on the JDF's behalf.
,
Mary Anne
Mary Anne Collins
Enron Broadband Services
Distribution Marketing Program Manager
(503)886-0687
(503)816-4537   cell
mary_anne_collins@.net
Cool,
This is a big deal and a deal we should highlight as an example of our vision 
of the future.  Congratulate the team.
m
Rick Bergsieker@_DEVELOPMENT
09/25/2000 11:04 AM
FYI, the "Hanjin Muscat"  sucessfully delivered our Oman spot cargo at Lake 
Charles and departed without incident on the evening of 24 September
Because of the high price differential (ENA bought the LNG from us at $4.23 
Henry Hub price) we drew down on the LNG heel and thus discharged more LNG 
than ENA had committed to buy.  By doing this, we picked up perhaps an 
additional $50 thousand of income in excess of what was originally intended I expect that our total net income from this cargo will be about $175 thousand
congrats.  see you next year.
m
Thanks I know they are meeting but didn;t specifically know about LNG.  I'll 
let you know lhow it comes out.
m
Rick Bergsieker@_DEVELOPMENT
09/25/2000 11:10 AM
BHP has advised V V Rao that Jeff Skilling is meeting in Australia with Paul 
Anderson of BHP, and that our discussions with BHP regarding NWS train 4 
wedge volumes (starting 2004) and the proposed Enron/BHP LNG terminal in 
Japan are on the list of discussion items
Virgina,
Hello from Singapore.  Thanks for the email.  I am interested in the 
Lichtenstein.  Is the #4 the same as the one you had in the gallery?
What is the price and what does the frame look like?  Do you have a picture 
or could you put it on your website?
I am still interested in the Matisse but Chris isn't so sure.  We are still 
thinking about that one.
Thanks,
Mike
Dear Mike: 
Greetings from San Francisco! 
Congratulations we have located on your behalf Roy Lichtenstein's 'Blue Note: 
Composition #4'.? If you are serious about the artwork we will need a 
commitment from you to acquire the piece for you. 
Please contact me as soon as possible since this is a time sensitive matter I will be in the gallery late this evening till 9pm PST and from 
9:30am-6:00pm PST Tues. through Fri. 
Have you received the package on the Matisse?? What do you think about the 
artwork? 
I look forward to hearing from you and Chris. 
Most sincerely, 
Virginia Repasky 
Christopher-Clark Fine Art
fyi
Cindy Olson@
09/25/2000 03:15 PM
Sent by: Bobbie Power@
PLEASE SEE ATTCHED MEMO FROM CINDY OLSON REGARDING "EXPATRIATE COST 
MANAGEMENT PLUS (ECM PLUS) PROJECT - PHASE 1
PLEASE GIVE ME A CALL IF YOU HAVE ANY QUESTIONS.
THANK YOU
BOBBIE POWER
Mark 
Attached is the information you requested for your presentation to the 
analysts.  I didn't know exactly what you were looking for, so I listed out a 
lengthy laundry list of facts and philosophies for each group for you to pick 
and choose what information and style that you wanted.  I didn't attempt to 
put this in a final set of dot points.  I realize that this is a lot more 
than what you wanted but I didn't know your other pieces or what was needed 
to be consistent with the other sections of the presentation.
I hope this is what you were looking for and i apologize for the delay.  If 
you want anything else or more specific types of other information, please 
let me know via email or preferably via voicemail in Houston.  I'll be 
Singapore until Wed. evening when I arrive in Toyko.  I am 13 hours ahead of 
Houston time.
Thanks and have a good trip.  Let me know if you want me to look at a draft 
copy.
Mike
PS;  good luck with Eric "boy do i want to be in LNG" Gonzelas
Jeff, 
I don't know if you got this.  What do you think?  Interesting background and 
info for Net Works or our moving into the Chemical business.
mike
Mike:
Another candidate that might be a good fit for your team.
Kevin----- Forwarded by Kevin Howard/Enron Communications on 09/12/00 10:35 
AM 
jmathew@chematch.com
09/12/00 10:07 AM
Hello Kevin,
My name is Joseph Mathew and I used to work with Enron from 1996-1999, where
I was last a commercial Director as of 1998.  I was asked to contact you
directly by my friend Abrar Sait, whom with I am sure you are acquainted.
I am currently a Vice President and Senior Officer of Chematch.com, a
Houston-based online bulk petrochemical, polymer and fuel products trading
exchange.  We founded the firm over one year ago, and things have been going
quite well.
However, the landscape for our business model, industry market penetration,
as well as increased competition has eroded the chance for strong revenue
success of this company, and I wish to return to Enron, but staying within
the dynamic, challenging high-tech areas, such as Broadband Services.
My responsibilities here at Chematch.com have been multiple-fold.  I have
been directly responsible for the creation of the business strategy/plan
(and its changes), the pro-forma financial statements and projections that
permutate with the strategy, key strategic alliances with best of breed
industry participants, venture capital raising process for 3 Series of
funding, the Investment Banking presentations/diligence/IPO work, and
currently head up Petrochem.net, the sister company within Chematch.com.
Prior to joining Enron, I graduated from the University of Chicago with a
Master of Business Administration in Analytic Finance and Accounting.  Prior
to b-school, I worked on Wall Street for 3 1/2 years in investment banking
and capital markets.
Attached is a copy of my resume.  It could be a bit more detailed, but I
prefer to keep it lean as it is easier to read, and I can always talk it
through in detail.
My goal is to procure a challenging leadership position within a business
developement role, such as Mergers & Acquisition, Venture Capital, or
liasing between deal structuring and commercial marketers.
Please review my resume when you get a chance.  I appreciate that you are
very busy, but I would very much appreciate hearing back from you if you see
a fit between what I can offer and what your company is doing.
,
Joseph P. Mathew
Vice President-Information & Analytics
CheMatch.com
2900 North Loop West, Suite 1120
Houston, TX 77092
(Main):(713)681-6600 Ext. 2238
(Cell):(832)423-7435
(Fax) :(713)681-0906
(E-mail):jmathew@chematch.com
(URL): www.chematch.com
(URL): www.petrochem.net
- att1.htm
- JoeDoc.doc
John,
I just realized that I didn't return your call on Friday.  I ran out of the 
office on Friday after two difficult days and had Cathy collect all my stuff 
for my trip.  Jeff and I landed in Singapore last night at 1am (it is odd 
leaving for the airport on Sat. morning and arriving on Monday morning) and 
are in the office for a while this afternoon.  I'll give you a call a little 
bit later.  If your call is urgent, please don't hesitate to give me a 
voicemail if our time zones don't match up.
Thanks and sorry for the delay.
m
Robert,
Attached is the draft review for Steve.  Please review and make 
changes/corrections as you believe are necessary.  I could use the help, this 
is a tough one.   Please let me know your views on the tone and message as 
well.  I will give him  the actual review when i get back from Asia.
Thanks,
mike
Unfortunately, Mike will be unable to attend the meeting on Sept. 29th since 
he will still be Japan at the time.  Thank you.
Cathy Phillips
X-36898
Conference room 49C1in the Enron Building has been reserved for the 
above-referenced meeting.  Outside visitors please check in at the main desk 
in the Lobby of the Enron building and have the receptionist call Bill 
Donovan (ext. 35459) for security clearance.
Lea Fastow  	09/18/2000 03:45 PM
The next Enron Art Committee meeting will take place in the Enron Building
(exact conference room to follow) from 9:00 a.m.-11:00 a.m. on Friday,
September 29th.  At that time, the Caesar Pelli architects will review with
us key interior drawings for the new building.  I look forward to seeing
you there.
Thor,
I'm out of town again and will calll you another time.  I plan on bringing 
the plan  on my Asia trip which begins on Sat.  Both Jeff and I will read it 
then and provide comments.
Thanks,
mike
Joe,
Stan Horton has been invited to attend a series of meetings associated with  
INGAA in Tokyo.  I believe that Stan is the Chairman of INGAA.  There are 
some Tokyo companies that are a part of the organization.  Bill Smith, CEO of 
Sonat (now El Paso) and will be talking about LNG and Japanese requirements 
and will be going to Tokyo.  Stan has asked both Sherriff and me if this is 
worth his attendance.  I thought you would be the best answer to that.  I 
also told him that you could represent Enron very well in any meeting in 
Japan. 
Please call Stan at 713 853 6177 and discuss with him.  He can fill you in 
better on the details.  Your call.
Thanks, 
mike
Pierre Aury
05/16/2001 08:39 AM
jo hirl mentioned today the talks enron is having with nissho iwai. fyi i am 
now negociating a cape size new building for 8 years time charter through 
nissho iwai. i had diner with head of shipping from nissho iwai tonight mike i am in tokyo until this week end to try to close the mitsui deal 
(looking good) .   in the office on the 17th . i ll be back 
from nagoya mid day spending then most of the afternoon at enron s office .
pierre
nota : can t find the email of jo hirl on my laptop. can you copy him
George,
I would like to have a brief (30 minute) meeting about the noise in the 
political system about synfuel and reaffirm Jordon's viewpoint on Section 29 
credits.  This is big issue and without this reaffirmation I believe we will 
have approval issues with RAC and others.  I want Jeff and/or I in the 
meeting. 
Thanks,
mike
CP, what do you think of this draft.  Too close to last year?
m
Bob DeMartino  Mike,
Let's connect when you get a chance so we can discuss i2 relationships and
other activity around marketplaces.
,
Bob De Martino
- bob.demartino.vcf
Hi Darren -
I am responding for Mike.  If you still need to see him (and Shankman) please 
contact me so that I may schedule some time on his calendar next week.
Thanks.
Cathy P.
X-36898
Darren Maloney@
09/11/2000 08:15 AM
Mike,
I am in London and will return on Wednesday to the office.  I am curious 
if you will have any time this week to fill us in on your discussions with 
Cargill 
My schedule is generally free with the exception of Wednesday 
afternoon conference call with ConAgra.  For simplicity's sake,  I 
will be more than happy to coordinate with the rest of the ag team.
--Darren
Hi Craig -
Mike McConnell asked me to respond to you on his behalf.  He said thank you 
for the message, but unfortunately, due to his travel schedule he will be 
unavailable to meet.
Thanks again.
Cathy Phillips for 
Mike McConnell
Craig Young
09/08/2000 01:06 PM
Alfred Pennisi and myself will arrive Houston Wed 9/13 and leave Friday. Al 
Pennisi is in charge of operations for NY futures/swaps and I head up the 
group. Our objective is to meet with each of you or anyone else that can help 
us provide/expand internal and external client services for regulated and 
nonregulated futures and forwards. We are a U.S. regulated commission house 
purchased by Enron Europe through MG London/Enron Trading Services Inc. 
Clearing futures exchanges
Combined margin and cash management efficiencies
Broker service across all commodities/financial
Our current client base--- commercial and funds
Meeting desk heads who trade futures
Integrating Enron Net Works/Enron On Line into services and clients
Enron documentation/access for web based non metal 
Enron documentation for swaps/OTC non metal
Credit issues --- outside of Metals 
Regulation and Govt relations 
Fund or Alternative Investment opportunities ---  CTA/CPO
Cross origination opportunities with our clients
Craig Young
800-932-2343
212-715-2342
917-860-1786
520 Madison Ave
28th Floor
New York, NY 10022
Hi Angie -
Please pass along our thanks for the invitation.  I have confirmed that 
Saturday evening is the only time I will have an opportunity to see my 
brother, therefore I will be unable to attend.  In addition, Mike checked his 
calendar and found out that he and his wife have been committed for several 
weeks to attend a social engagement on that evening.
Again, thanks.
Cathy Phillips and 
Mike McConnell
Angie Collins
09/08/2000 12:31 PM
Please open the attachment for further details on the party at the McClellans.
If you have any questions please do not hesitate to call me at ext. 3-3347.
Thank you
Angie
If he is waiting on me, please have him send it out.
m
Please read the following message from Jeff Shankman:
Mike and I have spent the last few weeks meeting with the different business 
teams and would like to begin our staff/budget meetings.  We feel this will 
provide an opportunity to build our management team, to ensure long term 
viability of our business, and to establish new contacts and to present 
business ideas in a flexible manner 
Our first meeting will be on Monday, September 18th, from 8:30 - 9:30 a.m. in 
video conference room EB 32C2.  Thank you.
Thank you all for signing up to be Team Leaders for our JDF Campaign this 
year.  The first Enron JDF/Team Leader Luncheon is today, Wednesday, 
September 13th, at 11:30 a.m. at the Met.  This will be a very important and 
informative session and I hope that everyone will attend 
I look forward to seeing you at the luncheon.
My sincerest thanks to all of you that were able to attend the JDF Kick-off 
Luncheon on September 6th.  It was a great event and a wonderful opportunity 
for those of you not familiar with JDF to find out what the JDF Walk is all 
about.  For those of you that were not able to join us, we missed you and we 
look forward to having you join us for our future sessions.
The Enron/JDF Team Leaders Kick-off Luncheon will take place on Wednesday, 
September 13th, at the Houston Metropolitan Racquet Club (The Met) beginning 
at 11:30 a.m.  I would like to encourage each of you to mark your calendar 
and make plans to attend this very important luncheon meeting.  At this 
kick-off meeting we will be distributing supplies and gift bags, reviewing 
important details about our campaign, learning more about JDF, and discussing 
our fundraising goal for this year's campaign.  Enron has been the number 1 
walk team in Houston for 5 years in a row and we plan to continue in that 
position and we need your help to make it happen 
Please take just a moment to RSVP your attendance via e-mail to Rachel Feldt 
on the Corporate Lotus Notes directory or to rachel.feldt@.
The Steering Committee members for this year's campaign are listed below Please feel free to contact me or any Steering Committee member if you have 
any questions or if you have friends that you would like to sign up to help 
with our campaign.
Steering Committee Members:
Blanca Bollom X66091
Rachel Feldt  X57629
Deb Gebhardt X39606
Cathy Phillips X36898
John Walt  X35379
Debbie Yates X35305
I look forward to seeing all of you at the luncheon on Wednesday.  Thanks!
Mike McConnell
Hi John -
Mike McConnell is out of the office today, so I am responding to you on his 
behalf.  I wanted to call you, but I cannot find a phone number for you.  Can 
you please send your contact information (phone number and location) to me 
and Mike so that we can get you signed up on a team 
Thanks!
Cathy Phillips
X-36898
John Haggerty@
09/10/2000 08:13 AM
I'd like to be involved.  I'd be a walker and a pledger.
Thor -
We received your message, but Jeff and I are out of the office today and have 
not had a chance to review your document.  We will be back in touch when we 
return to the office.
Mike
Thor Lien
09/11/2000 03:49 PM
Mike/Jeff
Attached you will find the first draft of the B-plan for Europe.
Please give me feedback on it and I will finish it.
When it comets to limits for European Weather I would say that we within the 
next 6 to 12 months would need $3 million ( same as world wide weather today)
So we need to discuss this more before I type up the formal limit request 
letter.
Thor
no thank you not at this time.
m
Vanessa,
Thanks for the note.  I'll check out the book but I don't think I'll stop my 
insulin!
mike
Vanessa Kyama@
09/11/2000 08:22 AM
Hi Mike,
I don't know if you'll appreciate the following info, but there is a book 
called "The Cure For All Diseases" by Hulda Clark. She outlines how to cure 
diabetes so there is no need to take insulin.  It worked for my hypoglycemia, 
and a lot of other things 
Vanessa
Lacye,
Thank you for your note and help!  I look forward to seeing you at the walk.
mike
Lacye Brymer@
09/11/2000 07:51 AM
I do not know you but I work for Brian Redmond.  I am on Kathy Benedict's 
team and am happy to tell you that I have already received pledges for over 
$500.  I do not see this function as a competition, only as a wonderful 
opportunity to help so many people fight a disease that touches too many 
lives.  I have not worked for Enron for very long but I am happy to know that 
we have been #1 for 5 years!!  I hope that I can help to keep it that way 
again!!  I think that what you are doing is so great and I just felt like 
telling you!  Hope to meet you at the walk!!
Sincerely,
Lacye Brymer Trevino
Wanda, Thanks for your story and support.  We will have great event again 
this year.  Let me know if there is anything I can do with your business unit 
to help you.
Mike
Wanda Chalk@_DEVELOPMENT
09/11/2000 09:04 AM
Mike: You can certainly count on my support.  My son Brandon Johnson was 
diagnosis with JD when he was 11 years old.  Needless to say my family was 
traumatised by the event, however my son handled it like a trooper.  He is 
now 16 years old and has very good days with his blood sugar, but then he has 
his bad ones as well.  I have walked since he was first diagnosed with JD and 
will continue to provide my support.
Thx
Wanda
Sent by: Enron Announcements@
It is my sincere honor to once again lead the Enron team in this year's 
Juvenile Diabetes Foundation (JDF) walk scheduled to take place on Sunday, 
November 5, 2000, at the Sam Houston Race Park.  I continue to serve on the 
board of JDF representing Enron and will be Enron's corporate executive for 
this year's fundraising efforts.
As many of you may already know, I am an insulin dependent diabetic myself Even though I know how difficult this disease can be to manage with the 
multiple finger pricks for blood samples and several shots each day, I cannot 
imagine how difficult it is for a small child with this disease.  Taking 
insulin does not cure the disease nor prevent the development of 
complications; insulin is simply their life support system and without it 
they would die.
Enron continues to be a major corporate sponsor for JDF again this year.  JDF 
is a very efficient organization in which approximately 84% of all money 
raised goes directly to research.  Enron's goal this year is to raise 
$225,000 and we need your help.  Enron has been the number 1 walk team for 5 
years in a row and we are not ready to give up first place!  We need team 
leaders, walkers and volunteers to help us reach our goal.  The theme for the 
walk this year is "Knock Out Diabetes" and we would like to have you join us 
for this great event.  The Walk is truly a blast and we had about 500 Enron 
people participate last year and everyone enjoyed it.
If you are interested in volunteering to be a walker or a team leader, or if 
you would like to make a pledge, you may call any of the steering committee 
members listed below.  If you are interested in being a team leader, please 
contact one of the following people immediately so that you may be included 
in the first important and informative training session taking place this 
week.
Thank you very much for your support.
Mike McConnell
Steering Committee Members:
Blanca Bollom X66091
Rachel Feldt  X57629
Deb Gebhardt X39606
Cathy Phillips X36898
John Walt  X35379
Debbie Yates X35305
Thanks That is a great start to the campaign, you're a pal.
mike
Mary Joyce@
09/11/2000 09:13 AM
Mike,
Please put me down for $200.00.
Thanks!
MAry
Mike McConnell
09/08/2000 09:59 PM
Sent by: Enron Announcements
It is my sincere honor to once again lead the Enron team in this year's 
Juvenile Diabetes Foundation (JDF) walk scheduled to take place on Sunday, 
November 5, 2000, at the Sam Houston Race Park.  I continue to serve on the 
board of JDF representing Enron and will be Enron's corporate executive for 
this year's fundraising efforts.
As many of you may already know, I am an insulin dependent diabetic myself Even though I know how difficult this disease can be to manage with the 
multiple finger pricks for blood samples and several shots each day, I cannot 
imagine how difficult it is for a small child with this disease.  Taking 
insulin does not cure the disease nor prevent the development of 
complications; insulin is simply their life support system and without it 
they would die.
Enron continues to be a major corporate sponsor for JDF again this year.  JDF 
is a very efficient organization in which approximately 84% of all money 
raised goes directly to research.  Enron's goal this year is to raise 
$225,000 and we need your help.  Enron has been the number 1 walk team for 5 
years in a row and we are not ready to give up first place!  We need team 
leaders, walkers and volunteers to help us reach our goal.  The theme for the 
walk this year is "Knock Out Diabetes" and we would like to have you join us 
for this great event.  The Walk is truly a blast and we had about 500 Enron 
people participate last year and everyone enjoyed it.
If you are interested in volunteering to be a walker or a team leader, or if 
you would like to make a pledge, you may call any of the steering committee 
members listed below.  If you are interested in being a team leader, please 
contact one of the following people immediately so that you may be included 
in the first important and informative training session taking place this 
week.
Thank you very much for your support.
Mike McConnell
Steering Committee Members:
Blanca Bollom X66091
Rachel Feldt  X57629
Deb Gebhardt X39606
Cathy Phillips X36898
John Walt  X35379
Debbie Yates X35305
Great, I am very happy you are a supporter.
m
Andy Zipper@
09/11/2000 10:08 AM
The Zipper family participates through Tina Cohoe in New York City who is a 
family friend and on the board.
GKarnes@aol.com on 09/11/2000 10:07:23 AM
2000 10:50:59 -0400
Date: Mon, 11 Sep 2000 09:43:06 -0500
THE ROAD WARRIOR REPORT - VOLUME VI, ISSUE 7 - SEPTEMBER 10, 2000 -
PRESENTED BY SOONERFANS.COM
NORMAN - The heat was down, the offense was clicking, and the Sooners  looked
much crisper in defeating Arkansas State Saturday night, 45-7, for a
pleasant 40th birthday present for head coach Bob Stoops. Josh Heupel,  who
completed 50% of his passes last week, but was inconsistent and  off-target
at times, bounced back with his usual superb showing against the Indians.
Heupel completed 24 of 32 passes (75%) for 301 yards, one interception,  and
three TDs. In the process, he tied former Sooner QB (now OU running backs
coach) Cale Gundy's career record for TD passes with 35. It took Gundy  four
years to set the record, while Heupel equaled it in only one year and two
games.
The Sooner special teams, which were solid but not spectacular against  UTEP,
had their moments against Arkansas State. The punt return game was
outstanding, as J.T. Thatcher broke Jarrail Jackson's single-game record  for
punt return yardage, set last season against Missouri. Thatcher's stellar
day included a 66-yard punt return for a TD and an interception from his
safety spot on defense.
?
CLICK BELOW FOR THE FULL REPORT!!
< 
7> 
CLICK BELOW FOR GAME PHOTOS!!
< 
0/Arkansas_State_9-9-2000>
CLICK BELOW FOR INFORMATION ON THE SOONERFANS.COM TAILGATE  PARTY!!
Great,
m
Mike,
Thanks a lot for your efforts here.  I've got interviews with Louise K, 
Jeffrey Shankman and Dan Reck this week!  I'll let you know if anything 
happens.
Fred
Dan,
Fred has not had much luck with getting attention with this.  This sounds 
like it should be in your (new) group.  Please give Fred a call, I think this 
sounds very interesting and is worth a follow-up.
Mike
Hello Louise:
I recently authored a white paper, giving some background on the air cargo 
business for Enron Net Works.  In the paper, I identified the hurdles we 
would need to overcome in order to create a market for trading air cargo 
capacity futures, none of which were deemed insurmountable.  I further 
suggested that Enron could approach this business by leveraging EOL to act as 
a non vessel owning common carrier, trading physical capacity while readying 
the market (and ourselves!) for financial trading.
I am very interested in moving this business idea along here within Net 
Works.  I have some ideas regarding likely industry partners that could move 
us along rather quickly.  I think the logical next step may be to get with 
you or with someone on your staff to begin some dialog with the eventual goal 
of creating a business plan.  Any thoughts?
Thanks!
Fred Philipson
5-9323
Congrats to all.  Jeff and I believe that EOL is a vital part of growing our 
businesses and your focus is appreciated.
mike 
Nice job, John.  Keep the volumes and information flows growing - $$$ will 
follow.
George
John Massey
09/01/2000 01:50 PM
August EOL EmissionsTrades exceeded projections and posted another record 
trade month. We continue to show signs of strong trade growth and gaining 
market share. I am hopeful that Arizona Public Service & Conectiv will use 
the system more heavily in the future (hedge option trades) and that we can 
obtain at least one new counterparty a month vis-.-vis EOL marketing/and or 
our own internal marketing.  Our gain in market share has not gone 
unchallenged. Bloombergs Powermatch system has been more active in the last 
month and bid/ask spreads continue to narrow. To combat this we continue to 
show (90% of the time) the tightest markets and obviously offer a cost 
advantage over the Broker market & Bloomberg.   The increase in EOL volume 
has increased liquidity in the whole market.  I am hopeful that overall 
market volumes continue to grow as we get closer to compliance.
Number of Trades: 77
Number of Allowances: 192,500
Approx. Notional Trade Value: $28,875,000
Ron,
Thanks for the great news.  Also thanks so much for the gifts that I just 
again. The car is great and it arrived in a time of chaos and was a very 
pleasant distraction.
I am gathering information on my BMW so that I can sell that to the 
dealership at the same time I pick up my new car.  I will have all my lease 
information with me.  I have a few months left on the lease and will have all 
the needed information to complete the transaction.  If you would, please 
forward this to or let me know who I should deal with at the North side 
dealership.  I don't want another Bob Brooks situation to occur.  Also I 
don't want him dealing with the purchase of my BMW since I believe he is in 
that part of the dealership now.   I expect a fair price for my car and with 
our history, I don't want him involved in pricing my car.  I am confident 
that someone else will be better to deal with and will give me a fair deal 
with my cash purchase for the CL.  I guess I just need a name at the 
dealership. 
Thanks,
mike
Mike:
I am in San Francisco on a short vacation (wife's Zurich, Switz. high school 
reunion).  However, I made a call this am to the Jacksonville, FL port and 
your car has arrived.  They could not give me any details yet as they are in 
the process of surveying (inspecting) all the cars that came off the ship 
whch is stanadard operating procedure.  Since your planned trip is in October 
and today is 9/8, I have to assume that you should be in your car by then While I know what "assume" means, I also know that the port will not release 
any car until they have inspected it and have determined that it has no flaws 
(ie. scratched bumper that may have happened on the ship).  So, while I 
really cannot give you a 100% guarantee as to when you will receive your car, 
I do believe you should be fine for your trip to Dallas.  At times, it's a 
frustrating procedure, but in the end it is the correct way to deliver a MB 
and especially this type of car.
Ron
Ron,
I'm back in the office today and was of course thinking about my car.  Did
we make the dates you referenced earlier?  I have a weekend in Oct. that
will require a drive to Dallas to meet many of my old school friends and
was wondering if I would have the car.  Also, I have an extensive
international travel schedule coming and I can schedule around a possible
delivery date.
Thanks,
mike
FYI, I've had a meeting with oxley on this.
m
David W Delainey
09/08/2000 09:58 AM
Shawn Cumberland@_DEVELOPMENT
09/05/2000 08:04 PM
David:
As we discussed today, I am sending you this preliminary list of the Calme 
employees.  I will also fax a copy to your attention at the Drake Hotel.
We still have some work in progress on the allocations of certain people.
Upon your return we can begin to review the individuals on the list.
The enclosed list indicates the current proposed "New Roles" for each of the 
Calme employees.  As mentioned on the phone, we've allocated the employees 
among 
Deploy immediately (however, certain individuals will have residual jobs to 
complete)
Transition Team (TT) to carry out the deployments and asset disposals
LNG/Middle East to go to EGM
Southern Cone (SC) (for Venezuela and Colombia businesses)
EES (which primarily include our development engineers and certain 
technical/operations people)
The table also indicates the Calme senior people (Resp Pty) assigned to 
ensure that no individual falls through the cracks.
The column "Calme" merely indicates our current internal sub-groupings, and 
you may wish to ignore it.
Please give me a call if you have any questions.
Shawn
Gary,
Thanks and good luck.  Be sure and thank your wife for me for all her efforts.
mike
Thor,
I've been out and forgot to call you back.  sorry for that.  I'll take a look 
at the plan when it comes in and if there is some other information that Jeff 
or I want to see, we'll let you know.
Thanks,
m
Thor Lien
09/08/2000 02:53 AM
Mike
I'm running a bit late on the Bplan
Is it soon enough for you to get it on Monday 
Thor 
Mark,
The bigger issue is what are we going to do with EE&CC.  If their time is 
coming and we need to split them up then I would agree with this but 
otherwise I am not sure this is the best thing to do.  I have had very little 
actual work with EE&CC in the past year and can't really comment on their 
effectiveness.
mike
Sanjay Bhatnagar@_DEVELOPMENT
09/11/2000 01:24 AM
Larry:
This fundamentally changes the entire basis of our approach to EECC and the 
way that the engineering organization works. The idea was that the 
engineering expertise resides in EECC.If u want to change that, it requires a 
broader discussion.
Larry L Izzo
09/08/2000 04:37 PM
In light of the lesson learned on Project Lightening and in view of the 
recent CALME reorganization, I suggest we simplify the payroll structure for 
Development Engineers (DE's).  Currently, the DE's listed below are still on 
EECC's payroll, although they are direct-line support to the Regions/Business 
Units.  I suggest that all DE's transfer from EECC's payroll to the Business 
Units they are supporting.  Some DE's are already on the regions' payrolls  I 
don't think this will have a budget impact, because at this time each region 
below is paying the total costs for these engineers, through EECC invoices Please let me know if each of you agree and I will have HR do the payroll 
switch.
CALME (from EECC to Enron Global Markets)
Ken Koye
Mario Brunasso
Alice Weekley
Hemmat Safwat
Steve Sauer
Dave Glessner
Michael Worthem
Saad Merhej
Marion Cole
Omar Aboudaher
Celia Delahoussaye
Jan Dunn
Joni Moeller
APACHE (none)
INDIA (from EECC to Enron India)
Ken Bean
John Belew
Ram Tarakad
Debbie Perrotta
ESA (from EECC to Enron SA)
John R. Ayres
Mel Schultze (contractor)
Joy Oliver
ENA (from EECC to ENA)
Mike Coleman
Sandy Morris
Terri Austin
Juan Suarez
Bob Chmielewski
Bruce Golden
Steve Rose
LI41400
My sincerest thanks to all of you that were able to attend the JDF Kick-off 
Luncheon on September 6th.  It was a great event and a wonderful opportunity 
for those of you not familiar with JDF to find out what the JDF Walk is all 
about.  For those of you that were not able to join us, we missed you and we 
look forward to having you join us for our future sessions.
The Enron/JDF Team Leaders Kick-off Luncheon will take place on Wednesday, 
September 13th, at the Houston Metropolitan Racquet Club (The Met) beginning 
at 11:30 a.m.  I would like to encourage each of you to mark your calendar 
and make plans to attend this very important luncheon meeting.  At this 
kick-off meeting we will be distributing supplies and gift bags, reviewing 
important details about our campaign, learning more about JDF, and discussing 
our fundraising goal for this year's campaign.  Enron has been the number 1 
walk team in Houston for 5 years in a row and we plan to continue in that 
position and we need your help to make it happen 
Please take just a moment to RSVP your attendance via e-mail to Rachel Feldt 
on the Corporate Lotus Notes directory or to rachel.feldt@.
The Steering Committee members for this year's campaign are listed below Please feel free to contact me or any Steering Committee member if you have 
any questions or if you have friends that you would like to sign up to help 
with our campaign.
Steering Committee Members:
Blanca Bollom X66091
Rachel Feldt  X57629
Deb Gebhardt X39606
Cathy Phillips X36898
John Walt  X35379
Debbie Yates X35305
I look forward to seeing all of you at the luncheon on Wednesday.  Thanks!
Mike McConnell
Can you please arrange for this message to be sent to all of Enron - Houston 
this evening.  It should have Mike McConnell's letterhead and we would like 
an opportunity to preview the final message before it goes out.  Please 
contact me at X-36898 if you have any questions.  Thanks 
Cathy Phillips
It is my sincere honor to once again lead the Enron team in this year's 
Juvenile Diabetes Foundation (JDF) walk scheduled to take place on Sunday, 
November 5, 2000, at the Sam Houston Race Park.  I continue to serve on the 
board of JDF representing Enron and will be Enron's corporate executive for 
this year's fundraising efforts.
As many of you may already know, I am an insulin dependent diabetic myself Even though I know how difficult this disease can be to manage with the 
multiple finger pricks for blood samples and several shots each day, I cannot 
imagine how difficult it is for a small child with this disease.  Taking 
insulin does not cure the disease nor prevent the development of 
complications; insulin is simply their life support system and without it 
they would die.
Enron continues to be a major corporate sponsor for JDF again this year.  JDF 
is a very efficient organization in which approximately 84% of all money 
raised goes directly to research.  Enron's goal this year is to raise 
$225,000 and we need your help.  Enron has been the number 1 walk team for 5 
years in a row and we are not ready to give up first place!  We need team 
leaders, walkers and volunteers to help us reach our goal.  The theme for the 
walk this year is "Knock Out Diabetes" and we would like to have you join us 
for this great event.  The Walk is truly a blast and we had about 500 Enron 
people participate last year and everyone enjoyed it.
If you are interested in volunteering to be a walker or a team leader, or if 
you would like to make a pledge, you may call any of the steering committee 
members listed below.  If you are interested in being a team leader, please 
contact one of the following people immediately so that you may be included 
in the first important and informative training session taking place this 
week.
Thank you very much for your support.
Mike McConnell
Steering Committee Members:
Blanca Bollom X66091
Rachel Feldt  X57629
Deb Gebhardt X39606
Cathy Phillips X36898
John Walt  X35379
Debbie Yates X35305
My sincerest thanks to all of you that were able to attend the JDF Kick-off 
Luncheon on September 6th.  It was a great event and a wonderful opportunity 
for those of you not familiar with JDF to find out what the JDF Walk is all 
about.  For those of you that were not able to join us, we missed you and we 
look forward to having you join us for our future sessions.
The Enron/JDF Team Leaders Kick-off Luncheon will take place on Wednesday, 
September 13th, at the Houston Metropolitan Racquet Club (The Met) beginning 
at 11:30 a.m.  I would like to encourage each of you to mark your calendar 
and make plans to attend this very important luncheon meeting.  At this 
kick-off meeting we will be distributing supplies and gift bags, reviewing 
important details about our campaign, learning more about JDF, and discussing 
our fundraising goal for this year's campaign.  Enron has been the number 1 
walk team in Houston for 5 years in a row and we plan to continue in that 
position and we need your help to make it happen 
Please take just a moment to RSVP your attendance via e-mail to Rachel Feldt 
on the Corporate Lotus Notes directory or to rachel.feldt@.
The Steering Committee members for this year's campaign are listed below Please feel free to contact me or any Steering Committee member if you have 
any questions or if you have friends that you would like to sign up to help 
with our campaign.
Steering Committee Members:
Blanca Bollom X66091
Rachel Feldt  X57629
Deb Gebhardt X39606
Cathy Phillips X36898
John Walt  X35379
Debbie Yates X35305
I look forward to seeing all of you at the luncheon on Wednesday.  Thanks!
Mike McConnell
Virginia,
A follow-up email to our earlier discussions.  I have been out of the=20
country.   I was unable to pull up the images you sent to me and my home=20
email address. I am interested in the Matisse and would like to see the=20
image.  On the Liechtenstein, I like the one you had and would be interested=20
in talking if you could find another.
Please let me know if you can find one.  Also i would appreciate you sending=20
another image of the matisse.
Thanks,
Mike
Dear Mike McConnell:=20
If you any problems with this e-mail please let me know and I will be happy=20
to either re-send the message or mail you the images and materials on the=20
artwork.=20
Most sincerely,=20
Virginia Repasky=20
"Virginia E. Repasky" wrote: August 9, 2000=20
Mike and Chris McConnell:=20
13451 Belhaven Dr.=20
Houston, TX 77069=20
Dear Mike and Chris McConnell:=20
It was wonderful welcoming you to our San Francisco gallery.=20
Last time we spoke you had expressed interest in Matisse's Icarusand=20
Lichtenstein's lithograph.? I have located another Matisse's Icarus on your=20
behalf. The lithograph, Blue Noteby Lichtenstien that you viewed has since=20
sold.? But I am pleased to inform you that we have just received in inventory=20
Composition for The Solomon R. Guggenheim Museum by Lichtenstein.? I wanted=20
to again touch base with you about these artworks.? I wanted to let you know=20
about these artworks since they has not yet? been viewed by the gallery=20
public.=20
I have taken the liberty of enclosing information and visuals on each of the=20
images.? In light of your enthusiasm for rare artworks and the imagery of the=20
time period, I know these exquisite pieces would almost certainly appeal to=20
you.? If my assumption is correct and you would be interested in adding one=20
or another of these fine works to your collection, please let me know at your=20
earliest convenience.? This is a wonderful opportunity to select from some of=20
the most famous and important graphic images created during the modern era.?=20
Any of these images could easily be added to any important museum collection=20
in the world.? This is an excellent opportunity for a discriminating=20
collector such as you.=20
I would also be happy to schedule an appointment over the phone with our=20
Director, Steven Little concerning these artworks.? Please let me know at=20
your earliest convenience.=20
If you have any questions, please do not hesitate to get in touch with me.? I=20
look forward to hearing from=20
you soonest.=20
Most sincerely,=20
?=20
Virginia Repasky=20
Fine Art Consultant=20
Curatorial Researcher=20
Image 1:=20
Henri Matisse (French 1869 - 1954)?????????????????????????????????????????=20
$4,500.00=20
LA CHUTE D=01,ICARE, June 1943=20
Original lithograph printed in four colors (blue, red, black and yellow) on=20
wove paper.? Signed and dated in the stencils lower right Henri Matisse 6/43.=20
A fine impression of the definitive state after Matisse=01,s cut paper collage,=20
as published in the review Verve Artistique et Literaire Vol. IV No.13, Henri=20
Matisse, De la Couleur by Efstratios Teriade, Editions da la revue Verve,=20
Paris 1945.? Printed by Maitres-impremieurs draeger Freres, Paris.? In=20
excellent condition, with bright fresh colors, printed on a full sheet..=20
Catalogue reference: Claude Duehuit, Henri Matisse: Catalogue raisonn, des=20
ouvrages illustr,s, Paris, 1988, pg. 363, no. 47 (ill.)=20
Literature: Alfred H. Barr, Jr. Matisse: His Art and His Public, The Museum=20
of Modern Art, New York, 1951, pg. 275.=20
Pierre Schneider, Matisse, Rizzoli, New York, 1984, pp. 373, 661;=20
Homage ? TSriade, Grand Palais, Centre National d=01,Art Contemporain, Paris,=20
1973, no. 62 (ill.); Henri Matisse: l=01,art du livre, Musee Matisse, Nice,=20
1986, no. 99;=20
Michel Anthonioz, Verve: The Ultimate Review of Art and Literature=20
(1937-1960); Harry N. Abrams, New York, 1987, p. 151 (ill.)=20
Image size: 13 3/4 x 10 3/8 inches=20
Sheet size: 13 3/4 x 10 3/8 inches=20
At the beginning of the 1940=01,s Matisse was starting to concentrate on the=20
technique of using cut pape collages to create abstract color compositions.?=20
The dense smooth colors and clear-cut shapes created a totally new artistic=20
language for him.? It was in seeking to extend this concept that he began,=20
under the encouragement of the publisher Teriade to experiment with using the=20
same types of form created through stencil printing.? At first he used cut=20
stencil shapes linked to lithography, and then move to? using the stencils=20
with pochoir color for this removed problem of lithography diluting the color=20
intensity.=20
Matisse=01,s project was to create an album titled Jazz ? forms expressed=20
through a brilliant highly emotional purity of vibrant color.? The first=20
trials were made using lithography, and it was in this connection that the=20
Icarus composition above was issued by Teriade in Verve as a form of=20
publicity for the forthcoming album.? It is one of the great characteristic=20
images of Matisse=01,s oeuvre of this period.=20
Image 2:=20
Roy Lichtenstein (American 1923-1997)??????????????????????????????????=20
$8,500.00=20
COMPOSITION FOR THE SOLOMON R. GUGGENHEIM MUSEUM, 1969=20
Original screenprint printed on Rives wove paper.? Signed and dated in pencil=20
lower left "Lichtenstein 69."? From an edition of 250, numbered in pencil=20
lower left "175/250."? Published by the artist and Leo Castelli Gallery, New=20
York for the Solomon R. Guggenheim Museum, New York.? In excellent condition,=20
with bright fresh colors, printed on a sheet with full margins.=20
Catalogue reference: Catalogue Raisonne #83, Bianchini (1971) cat. no. 35=20
Image size: 23 1/8 inches in diameter=20
Sheet size: 28 3/4 x 28 3/4 inches=20
This image was created for Lichtenstein's first solo exhibition in a New York=20
Museum.? The image was also featured on the cover of the October 1969 issue=20
of ARTnews magazine.=20
?=20
?
Stuart,
A quick second follow up.  I talked again with Cindy Olson and she has 
discussed the issue in detail with the Astros organization.  They are going 
to think about this and examine for next season.  They did say that this was 
the first time this was brought up but they want to be sensitive and will 
consider at change.
Thanks for bringing this to my attention.
Mike 
I think so, you saw the email i sent this morning regarding india.  You must 
visit there so we need to have it atleast long enough for you to visit m
I'd be happy to meet him, and I'll see if anyone knows him.  On another note, 
does mideast mean india 
jeff
FYI and consideration
m
Mfitzgerald99@aol.com on 09/06/2000 12:15:29 PM
Michael E. Fitzgerald
2115 Mount Forest Drive
Kingwood, Texas 77345
281-361-6054
Mfitzgerald99@aol.com
September 6, 2000
Dear Mr. McConnell:
I have been referred to you by a neighbor of mine, George Fastuca. I have
known George for approximately 18 months and when he heard I was looking to
do differently he strongly suggested I contact you. I am searching for a
position that will permit me to utilize the broad based business experience I
have acquired in commercial and investment banking, industry and public
accounting.
Most recently, I was Vice President for American Electric Power Energy
Services, a natural gas and electric power trading start up, responsible for
business development. As Senior Vice President of Capital Markets at Chase
Manhattan Bank, I launched an extremely successful derivative
products/structured finance business in Texas and contiguous states. At
Continental Bank, Citicorp and Motorola, Inc., I was responsible for a
variety of innovative marketing and financial initiatives which included
establishing new businesses, restructuring existing businesses and
refinancing established or newly acquired businesses.
Attached is a copy of my resume. Qualities which have contributed to my
success are:
? Entrepreneurial. 3 of my last 4 positions were start ups or turnarounds.
Experience with early stage ventures and acquisition identification.
? Partnership. Ability to build strong relationships by providing solid
counsel and negotiating skills. Established and maintained excellent working
relationships with other senior operating managers.
? General Management. Have held full P&L responsibilities. Established
policies, programs and procedures to achieve growth objectives, including
recruitment, evaluation and development of personnel.
? Core Competencies. Development and refinement of organization
infrastructure, including external marketing, joint venture relationships,
internal operations management, strategic planning and new product
development. Have identified and concluded acquisitions. International
experience.
I would appreciate the opportunity to speak with you about opportunities at
Enron. I will call Cathy this Friday to see if there is an appropriate time
when we may speak next week.
Sincerely,
Michael E. Fitzgerald
- Vcresume.doc
Julie,
Thanks for the email.  I have moved again within Enron.  I am now President 
and CEO (about 3 weeks ago) for Enron Global Markets, a new business unit 
within Enron's wholesale group.  This group is responsible for all Crude and 
Products, Coal, Emissions, Global Risk Mgt. (insurance), weather, LNG, F/X, 
interest rates, equities and agriculture.  It's a wild time yet again for the 
McConnell family.  It's nice to be back in the energy business.
On the technology side, Phillipe Bibi is the Chief Technology Officer for 
Enron Net Works and he would be a good contact.  His email address is 
phillipe.bibi@
Thanks and I'll pass on SMU news to Chris.  Her email address at home is 
mmccontex@aol.com.  Say hello to Bob.
Mike
Julie King  Please respond to "j_king@gvastrategis.com"  Tell Chris that we are heading up to see the SMU ponies in their new
stadium!!  Know you are busy, but have been trying to find out the contact
person in your new business unit.  Just completed two more assignments for
dot.coms, and have two others on the crest of huge developments.  Any help
would be appreciate, as we might be able to explore some mutual business
opportunities.  Thanks..
Julie King  Please respond to "j_king@gvastrategis.com"  Tell Chris that we are heading up to see the SMU ponies in their new
stadium!!  Know you are busy, but have been trying to find out the contact
person in your new business unit.  Just completed two more assignments for
dot.coms, and have two others on the crest of huge developments.  Any help
would be appreciate, as we might be able to explore some mutual business
opportunities.  Thanks..
CP,
Attached is the latest draft copy of the memo.  Each group has had an 
opportunity to comment and it has been amended several times.
I would like you to take a look at it and add your comments and changes.  You 
are always the key to a good memo and your changes are vital to making this a 
first rate memo.  Also Freight is in blue and i don't know how to take it 
back to normal.
I would like this out on Tuesday evening.  After i get your version back, go 
ahead and make your changes directly on the memo. Please send to Jeff for 
final review and one more pass thru the business units on Monday.
Thanks,
m
I'm there!
mike
Office of the Chairman - Enron Industrial Markets
ssShhhh........................................One for the calendar
Please let me know if you are available to attend a surprise 
birthday luncheon for Jeff's 40th Birthday on Monday October 
30th at 12noon, more details to follow once I have numbers.
PLEASE KEEP THIS VERY QUIET
Thanks
Sue
Sue Ford (713-853-5176)
Thanks, good luck.
m
Patrick Wade
09/06/2000 06:20 PM
Mike, I am in the middle of the Project Triple Lutz data room and unable to 
attend the OU recruiting meeting tomorrow - HOWEVER, I will do anything you 
or the recruiting office needs me to do to get more Sooners down here.  Let 
me know what I can do to help.
Patrick
Wade,
Thanks for the email.  I would be an angle investor in your 24 hour a day 
extension machine.  If anyone could do it, it would be Sanjay.  I would very 
much like to meet with you.  Jeff as well.  I"ve got several openings that I 
can create on Wed Sept 13th.  10:30 - 11:15, 1:30 - 2:00; 3:30 - 5:00 
Let me know what works.
Mike
Mike,
I saw today's announcement regarding you taking responsibility for the Global 
LNG work. This is great news, and congratulations. And as soon as I fine tune 
my invention for Sanjay of granting more than 24 hours in a day, I'll forward 
it to you also, as you both need it.
I would like for Sanjay and me to have an opportunity to discuss India and 
its LNG potential with you. Both Sanjay and I are in town next week for the 
PRC process, and I am tied up Monday in that and you and Sanjay are busy 
Tuesday with PRC. Would it be possible to visit with you sometime on 
Wednesday, Sept. 13 for 30 to 45 minutes so that we can give you an overview 
of the India LNG market, discuss some opportunities and challenges we have 
learned in our couple of years of marketing to downstream customers, and 
perhaps some things that Enron can do to really take a dominant position in 
the India LNG market? I'll put together a brief overview presentation, and we 
can walk you through that presentation. After our meeting with you, I would 
be happy to discuss this with other members of your new team as well.
Please let me know if a meeting on Wednesday works for your schedule. 
Thanks,
Wade
FYI
m
Andy Unverzagt@MUNICATIONS
09/01/2000 02:37 PM
Hope all is well with everyone.
An old high school / college buddy sent this to me It is better than most.
Andy
 Subject: okies
 Date: Saturday, August 19, 2000 8:07 PM