- FARTINGI.AVI
- RFC-822.TXT
i would be comfortable around stacey.  she is cool.  i took my girlfriend out 
to dinner and all i got her was a card.  we had a good time until i ruined it 
at the end of the night and now she is pissed at me.  i didn't stay over last 
night so she was pissed.  i understand though.  i don't think i can make it 
to miami.  i want to go but i have to attend a wedding of a friend from 
college.  actually, i am going to caymen the last weekend in march with my 
group from work so if you want me to check anything out let me know.  i will 
scout the island for you and max.  i will give you guys a call this weekend take care.
i am in on another tee time for monday.  i would love to take all your money 
and some aggies's money, but i can't.  we will play again another time.
i was just being an idiot.  i was just thinking that i needed to be at work 
really early and that i needed to be at home.  it was stupid and selfish.  i 
feel really bad today b/c that is not the way to treat you.  i promise i will 
make it up to you 
i am going to get a tee time for monday if you guys are interested.
i will get one for sun
you want in on sunday
we're done for sunday @ 12:30 at cypress lakes.  do you know anyone else who 
will play?
cool
wait for a little bit b/c i might have it filled.
0768
can you get me the rent check today?
your in
golf on sunday @ 12:30 cypress lakes.
there is no water.  just makes the name sound nice.
how do you want me to make it up to you?
you hate decisions
you are going to work me over for this aren't you?
i will take you out tomorrow night.  is that good with you?
so we are set to play golf at cypress lakes on sunday at 12:30.  we can meet 
up at 11:15 and get out there early to hit balls.  it is a pretty fun course 
to play and it has a lot of water on the front 9.  the back 9 is kind of 
dry.  should be fun.
i didn't piss her off at dinner.  i pissed her off b/c i didn't stay over 
that night after everything.  she was pissed and now i have to make it up to 
her.  that is ok.  so no one from denver is going to miami for your 
engagement party?  i wish i was going.  i would love to get to miami.  i will 
call you guys this weekend.
are we going out for your b day this weekend
anyone up for woody's tonight around 9:30?
that was hilarious.  i can't believe peta did that.
i was hung over yesterday.  i had a good time on sun.  i think you shot a 
126.  you would have had to shoot a 53 on the back and i think you shot a 60.
Elizabeth-
Do you still send confirms to counterparties for physical deals done day to 
day?  AEP has a problem with one of the confirms on a deal done Jan. 31 They sold us two packages of 5000 at PGE Citygate for 12.30 and 12.40.  I 
entered this as one deal for 10000 at 12.35.  They need the confirm to match 
their records for each deal.  If you could send another confirm I would 
appreciate it.  Thanks for your help.
Matt Lenhart
did that teresa lady call you yesterday?  she wouldn't talk to me at all 
yesterday.  her secretary said she spoke with you and she wouldn't take my 
call.  sorry i didn't call you to watch a movie last night.  i was dead from 
going out sunday and playing golf yesterday 
how is everything going?  did you eat with robbie and becky?  i mentioned to 
grandma and grandpa a trip to phoenix some time this spring.  they also said 
that they were going to come to denver in may so i think i will come home for 
a little bit in may also.  call me when you get a chance.
that is fine.
Cooper-
I am having trouble running the database with the scheduled power info.  Let 
me know if you are having problems collecting the data 
Thanks,
Matt Lenhart
thanks for your help.
Maria-
I work on the West Gas Desk in Houston.  Cooper said that you might be able 
to help me with a link we have to one of your databases that is not working This link pulls the scheduled California loads, generation, and imports This link has not worked since this morning.  Please let me know if you could 
help 
Thank you,
Matt Lenhart
give him one of these " i dont love you whore, i'm out tha door".  just 
kidding.  that is bad.  that would make him feel cheap and used.  i just 
wouldn't respond.  he will get the point.  i was in pain on monday.  i 
couldn't believe i felt that bad.  it was a good time at that joint though so 
it was worth it. 
i think that is tomorrow 
Maria-
I just checked it and it worked perfect.  Thanks for your help.
Matt
Oh yeah,
I am supposed to remind you or Eric to find 2 more tickets for next Thursday.
Lisa
did you go  out and party?
let's go party.   we can get a group and go get some food and then hit the 
bars.  tim was supposed to send an email out, but i don't think he has yet i am up for whatever 
did you and carolyn have a grammy party?   temptation island was dumb everyone went on their dates and hooked up.  next week looks good.
go ahead and take charge.
i am not gettting old, i am getting distinguished.  what is wrong with her 
roomate?
let's hit el tiempo or something
at 730 or 8
luis mena and anyone who is cool
double click on the underlined website at the bottom
Charles H Otto
11/13/2000 01:03 PM
Chris Gaskill@
11/13/2000 12:35 PM
Marc Bir > 
you up for woody's tonight?
why would you guys have a party to cheer her up?  that could make you  sick it doesn't matter that i am getting older b/c  i age well.
strep throat is contagious.  you don't need to share a coke to get it.  germs 
travel through the air.  am i really losing my hair?  don't freak me out.
cassie would be fun to hang out with.  i don't know if you want to invite her 
pal though.  i am sure bryan doesnt'
i wish i was that guy from nsync
i know you're kidding.  i have healthy, vibrant, thick, flowing hair.    call 
me later.
Enron Energy Services
The article just discussed on CNNfn.
what is up fellas?  don't worry we will be set up for the big party.  rooms 
and entertainment will be first class.  i need to know when everyone wants to 
go and how much everyone wants to spend.  i was thinking we could get a big 
suite and then we could have the party there.  we can hit vegas in august or 
sept.  let me know what your schedules look like and i will get the ball 
rolling 
matt  
cool bra!  we will light it up tonight.  call boone dog.
i can't believe merlin has a girlfriend.  last time he had a girlfriend the 
other bush was president.  i will get us something nice.  we can get the 
rainman suite.  i won't let tom take a finders fee.
she blew me up
who all is going for sure:
merlin
peder
ryan
scott
tom
me
max's bro in law
matt battaglia?? ( someone should get in touch with him)
anyone else?
lets just have the party at the royal king motel on colfax and colorado 
blvd.  we will get that hooker scott hooked up with in high school to provide 
the entertainment.   it will be real fun 
he might be a mole.  no moles.  we can golf, bungee jump or do something wild 
like that.  is that the kind of memorable thing you want to do 
thanks.  today really sucks so far 
i'm busy
golf at a good course
what time?  i will be up for some boozing
which el tiempo are we going to tonight?  did gillette send out an email?
Mike Grigsby
01/09/2001 02:26 PM
Kristian J Lande
01/02/2001 06:15 PM
we can go downtown or uropa or whatever.   just whatever everyone wants to 
do.  what time are we meeting at el tiempo?
no.  go out after you're done at work
how is sept 7-9.  we will arrive the 7th(fri) and leave sunday.  let me know 
if those dates aren't good.
i don't think there is much going on there, but that would be a good time 
also.  could be cheaper.  what does everyone think about the big sleazy 
how about before that date?
how can we get that girl cassie to go?  do i need to invite her roomate hull could keep her occupied.
lets figure a date and a location.  i know max wants vegas so i think we 
should go there.  if we need to do october that is cool too.
its all good
just drive down richmond and you will see it next to the pink pussycat 
how much does everyone want to pay?  remember we are picking up max's flight, 
room, and the bachelor party.  thurs-sun sounds good to me.  how does 
everyone feel about that?  merlin- what is the best date for you to go 
will do.  i will let you guys know monday what we've got.
i thought you said you didn't know where it is.
i am going out tonight
1996.  it had 65k.  $18k.
so what date do you want
9/21-9/23?
let's do the week before.  i think that works better.  actually i will check 
rates on both weekends and if one is cheaper than the other i will take that.
do you want to hit sherlocks around  6-630
no way.  nice 
Enron Energy Services
The article just discussed on CNNfn.
sounds good
i called her 8 times when i got home last night
i got a room for sept.6th - sept. 9th.  it is the rainman suite at the 
mirage.  there are 2 bedrooms, 2.5 baths, and a huge living room.  with the 
room we get limo service to and from the hotel.  if there are 7 of us paying 
it will cost roughly $225 for each of us.  that is pretty cheap.  this way we 
don't need to get another room.  i also reseved a room at the luxor that can 
sleep 4 and a suite with 1 bedroom and a living room.  this will cost us $200 
per night.  tell me which one you prefer.  we also neet to make sure everyone 
goes b/c if someone drops out it will cost us a lot more.  merlin, the suite 
at the mirage wasn't available for the 13th-16th.  get back to me soon.  you 
can email me back or call me at 713-807-1699.
later
i think i can go in that weekend.  do you want to go fri sat sun or just sat 
sun?
one room is going to have 2 queen size beds and then one will have a king 
size.  there is also couches in the living room and we can get rollaway beds 
to the room.  location is better at the mirage, but the luxor is really nice 
too.  let me know what you guys want today and if the dates are ok.
thanks for the money.  i received it on saturday.  i really needed it.  i 
would definately go to phoenix.  just let me know.
i think we will get better strippers with the shooter room at the mirage.
just give me a call and let me know what this in   to.    853-7176
daddy got the rainman suite baby
$225 is for 3 nights.  i can cut it down to fri night and sat night and that 
will drop our costs to about 145/night.  if we do that we can golf sat 
morning and then hang by the pool and pick up sluts.  let me know if you guys 
want to drop the trip down to 2 nights.
we are in for 3 nights.  i haven't heard from merlin yet so he is the only 
one who hasn't committed to that weekend.  i also need to check with max.
that is funny shit
thanks for the email.  i can't believe i am 25.  i woke up saturday from a 
hard night of partying  and thought when dad was 25 i was born and now i am 
25 and i still go out and party like an idiot.  oh well, it was fun.  how are 
you feeling?  i hope the dialasys is going well.  let me know 
love matt
none.  i will check again later b/c i would like to go.
i think we can get this girl for the party.  we will just have to tell her 
that we are big shooters with the rainman suite.
? 
- salsa1.mpe
is sept 6th-9th good for you?
i think they call her "maddog murdock"
you can see the room we have on www.mirage.com.  go to suites and look at the 
floor plans.  the room we have is the hospitality suite.  it looks like the 
room on the movie "very bad things".    it doesn't show photos.
This will make you have to use the company bathroom.   Ry