All,
FYI, here is the latest draft of their business plan for your review and 
commentary.  I had the video call yesterday and went through all the org 
changes.  I did not provide any commentary on the specifics for obvious 
reasons.
Mike
D'Arcy Carroll@
07/24/2000 07:24 AM
I think there are 2 principal drivers:
(1)  the respective Business Unit heads inside of Networks (Houston or 
elsewhere ) need to know who Steve and I are, that we're involved and that we 
have a  mandate ( actually this probably warrants some clarification 
vis-a-vis the Argentine office, as well; especially given the hiring of 
Bastos - I for one would like  to get a clear and substantive understanding 
in regard to his trading background, priority for physical vs. financial 
products, and expectations ) and
(2)  we (Enron SA) need an invitation, but also need to probably be more 
aggressive about participating in meetings, discussions - both strategic 
and   functional for each of  the Business Units
Once we reach a consensus on an Enron SA Bus Plan with focus, targets will 
establish some parameters to participate inside the group going forward 
Mike, your efforts to communicate both updating events vis-a-vis the weekly 
call and overtures outside the group have been a great initiative and much 
appreciated.  It's made an important, productive impression on Enron 
employees "outside"of Networks.  Look forward to further discussions all 
around.
Steve Nagy
07/21/2000 02:19 PM
Mike,
Per your request, attached is the draft Business Plan for South America. Due 
to agenda constraints, Joe Kishkill has not yet had the opportunity to review.
As part of structuring the regional effort, it would be important to 
streamline and coordinate the due diligence and market study efforts. There 
appears to be some confusion between Houston and S?o Paulo over who is 
responsible for what. We may need to formally announce D'Arcy's and my roles, 
including the need to channel information through us into and out of the 
region.
Please let us know your thoughts.
Thanks, Steve
Jeff, FYI and consideration, here is another speaking oppt!  Jeff S. is the 
keynote and our group has participated with Bob, Suzanne's husband, before This is the conference when we came out with EOL last year.
mike
Thanks, Mike. I know you keep a packed schedule.  We'll work to accommodate
it.
Bob
Bob,
Thanks for the email and invitation.  I am out of the office traveling
right now and must get back to you on my availability.
Mike
Mike,
I'm putting together the keynote session for Interactive Energy and
wondered
if you'd be available on Tuesday morning between 8-11, October 24, at the
Houston Adam's Mark.  It'll give you an excuse to sleep late in your own
bed!
I envision a panel of the heads of e-business and technology at several
major companies, including Don Paul from Chevron, John Leggate from BP
Amoco, Bob Peebler from Haliburton and one or two others, to discuss a
range
of key issues.  Little if any advance preparation would be needed on your
part.
We're trying to get either or both Keith Krach from Ariba and Mark Hoffman
from Commerce One to provide the opener.  If both accept, we will probably
have one deliver in the morning and the other at lunch.  Or maybe we'll
have
a mud wrestling contest.
Finally, we're much closer to Interactive Texas and wanted to see if there
is anything you'd like mentioned about Enron technology initiatives during
Jeff's introduction.  My wife Suzanne will be doing the intro.  She will
have a wealth of broader market statistics, but you may have some
milestones
you'd like mentioned about EOL's progress or something else suited to this
Texas business and government audience.
Look forward to your reply.
Thanks,
Bob
Bob, thanks for the feedback and I enjoyed catching up as well.  Chris and
I both enjoyed our discussion and introductions at the dinner too.
As far as the 9 initiatives, that number includes all of our activities not
just new ones.  We don't have 9 being cranked out in 90 days, at least not
yet!
When we get closer to your conference, I would be happy to give you a count
for your intro. with Jeff.
Thanks,
Mike
Mike,
Good to catch up with you and congratulations on a fine opener this
morning.
I think I heard you say that Enron currently has nine e-business ventures
underway and your development cycle from concept to implementation is just
90 days.
I would like to use these factoids in Jeff's introduction unless I heard
you
incorrectly.
Kind 
Bob Nimocks
P.S. We're beginning to assemble the program for Interactive Energy 2000,
Oct. 23-26, in Houston.  I will e-mail you an invitation to participate on
the senior management panel Tuesday morning Oct 24th.
Steve, thanks for the email.  I will not be attending.
m
Tom, =20
Thanks for the email,  Stan said the same thing!  It does make llife=20
interesting.
Hope all is well.
mike=20
=20
It's sad that you can't seem to hang on to a job, but it's nice that Enron=20
continues to find a place for you to work. You move around so fast, they=20
don't even bother to change your cc:mail address (you're still under "ECT"). =20
By the way, your best friend Charles Matthews asked about you when I was in=20
Austin a couple of weeks ago.
Congratulations, really.  Call if you ever have a minute or two.
As evidenced by an exceptionally strong performance in the second quarter,=20
Enron=01,s wholesale energy businesses in North America and Europe continue to=20
experience tremendous growth.  The opportunities to continue to grow our=20
natural gas and power businesses have never been better and it is critical to=20
Enron=01,s future success that we remain focused on expanding these businesses=20
and maintaining the strong momentum we have in these markets.
It is equally important that we continue to develop new businesses outside of=20
gas and electricity, which can make significant contributions to our earnings=20
growth.  We have made significant progress in developing these businesses in=20
North America, Europe, and most recently in our new Net Works business unit. =20
Included in these global businesses are our efforts in crude and products,=20
coal, emissions, insurance, currency, equity trading, interest rates, credit=20
trading, paper and pulp, and metals.
While significant progress has been made in these efforts we need to=20
accelerate the growth of these new businesses while continuing to=20
aggressively expand our core gas and electricity businesses in North America=20
and Europe.  In order to accomplish these two objectives and to capitalize on=20
the increasingly global opportunities in these new businesses we are today=20
announcing the formation of a new business unit =01) Enron Global Markets.  This=20
new business unit will focus on markets and commodities which are global in=20
scope, but outside our traditional gas and power markets.  This new core=20
business unit will operate in parallel with and in close coordination with=20
the North American and European businesses.
Enron Global Markets will be headed by Mike McConnell, President and Chief=20
Executive Officer, and Jeff Shankman, Chief Operating Officer.  They will=20
report to Mark Frevert who will be Chairman of Enron Global Markets.  Mark,=20
Mike and Jeff will comprise the Office of the Chairman for Enron Global=20
Markets.
Included in this new business unit and reporting to the Office of the=20
Chairman will be the following businesses and their leaders:
- Global Crude and Products:     John Nowlan
- Coal:         George McClellan
- Currency, equities, interest rate and agricultural trading:  Gary Hickerson
- Insurance and weather:      Jere Overdyke
Enron=01,s metals business and Enron Credit.com will remain the responsibility=20
of Enron Europe. The Paper and Pulp business will continue to reside in North=20
America.=20
With the departure of Mike McConnell from Enron Net Works, we are pleased to=20
announce the following appointments in that business unit:
- Jeff McMahon: President and Chief Operating Officer
- Louise Kitchen: Chief Commercial Officer
- Philippe Bibi:  Chief Technology Officer
Jeff, Louise and Philippe, along with Greg Whalley,  will comprise the Office=20
of the Chairman for Enron Net Works.
We are also pleased to announce the following changes to the Enron North=20
America Office of the Chairman.  John Lavorato will join the ENA Office of=20
the Chairman as Chief Operating Officer.  Dave Delainey will assume the role=20
of President and Chief Executive Officer.  Mark Frevert will retain his role=20
Please join us in congratulating everyone in their new assignments and in=20
supporting the new Enron Global Markets organisation.
David, you can take me off the distribution list now Thanks,
mike
Great news!  Im glad you and the baby are doing well.
m
Fred, thanks for the info and I am going to give it to several people to look 
at.  I do need to move our meeting.  I'lll be in touch to reschedule.
Thanks,
mike
Wade,
Thanks for the email and invitation.  You never know when I may show up!  I 
look forward to learning more about this and how our groups work together Is John's group doing a good job for you?
Mike
Mike,
Congratulations on your new position with Enron Global Markets. Obviously, 
this is very exciting for you and for us. You probably took this job to get 
away from India, but actually John Nowlan's group serves as the fuel manager 
for liquid fuels (naphtha and distillate) on the Dabhol project.  So the 
standing invitation we issued to you when you visited us last still stands. 
Come over when your schedule allows. Marc de la Roche in your group has been 
threatening to get me out on one of the tankers during unloading while 
bucking in the monsoon tidal flow. Maybe you can join me.
Wade
Mark,
Thanks for the email.  Yes it was a very difficult decision to leave our 
group.  I've really enjoyed working with you and your group;  I think we have 
a great group.   I know you that you are working on  this side of the 
business already and I will be giving you a call to get your input and 
direction.
Cheers,
Mike
Hi Mike,
Its sad to see you go, but looks like a fabulous opportunity - good luck.
MRP
P.S. Let me know how we can help you efforts in Europe (We're already doing 
many thing in this area)
Thanks.
I'm looking forward to working closer with everone.  Lets get together for 
dinner.  I'll  ask Chris to call your better half.
Mike
Brian Redmond
07/31/2000 07:29 PM
Welcome back Mike.
Brian
Richard,
Thanks for the voicemail and email.  Congrats to you also.  Hopefully we will 
get a chance to work together more often.  I'll give you a call on my next 
trip to London.
Mike
Richard Harper
08/01/2000 02:52 AM
Mike, congratulations
Richard
Greg,
Listed below is a brief outline of some of the key items that I turned over=20
to McMahon.  I didn't attempt to put down anything but a reference point but=20
he has the files and we went through every point.  We didn't spend a lot of=20
time on the international activities because a great deal of it might not be=20
part of the group after project Summer.  He attended my (his) Monday staff=20
meeting and he got a flavor of the group and what everyone does.  This is=20
going to be primarily Philippe's meeting now but he is going to attend to=20
provide needed commercial balance and if he does, I believe that is all the=20
time he has to spend on that side of the business.
I hope you are having a successful trip.
Mike
Outstanding and Priority Items
International/other business unit activities
? Japan
? Korea
? S America
? Europe
? Calme
? EE&CC
? GPG
? India
? EES
Staff Meetings
? Monday lunch
? Video calls - Tuesdays:  Sao Paulo =01) 9:30, London =01) 10:00,  Aust. =01) 5:00
i2
? Paveto/Wasaff
HR
? Recruiting
? Robert Jones
? Compensation  issues
Investments
? Fitz/Sommer/Horn
Infrastructure
? Windows 2000
? Lotus notes/exchange
? Other projects
Speaking commitments
? Aug 10th =01)A/A program
? Sept 21st  =01) Economist =01) Laguna, CA
? Sept 26th =01) Rice Univ.
? Oct 3rd =01) Economist =01) Atlanta, GA
Financial structure/accounting
? RCs and budgets
? Metrics/radar screens
? Shared resources
Enron.com
? Paveto/Palmer
Management/Strategic planning
Project Summer
IT project resource review
PRC/reviews
Tom, as we discussed, attached is the ENW presentation from the analyst show.
It was nice getting caught up.
mike
Good Afternoon,
Attached please find the results for your operating company from the "Who 
Wants to Help Millions" contest for United Way.  The spreadsheet contains 
only those who answered them correctly and those who missed 1 to 5 out of a 
possible 15 questions.
We would like to have 5 employees from every business unit for a 
pre-qualifying round to be held before the all employee meeting on August 
9th.  On the spreadsheet that contains the names of those participates who 
answered the questions, please choose the 5 employees you would like to 
represent your business unit.  We feel that those individuals who either 
answered them all correct or only missed one should be automatically 
selected.  How you determine your remaining representatives will be at your 
discretion 
We must receive your responses by Wednesday, August 2nd.
Should you have any questions please feel free to contact either Kathy 
Mayfield (3-3264), John Walt (3-5379) or myself (3-7554).
Thank you for your support for the 2000 United Way Campaign.
Thanks for the email.  Reorganize and grow this business?  Not me??!  Upon 
first look, this business appears to have huge opportunities and ones that 
can be executed upon, especially if they consider themselves a core 
business.  It will  be a big challenge but we will make it work in a big 
way.  A lot of people have tried to make this business work.
I'll follow-up on Treasury Connect, thanks for the heads up.
By the way, science is Gary's passion and he has an undergraduate and MS in 
chemistry.  He might be an interesting guy to get involved (at least at the 
edges) with this project.  I told him about it and he really would like to 
get invited to the next meeting.  What do you think?  It always helps to have 
an avid supporter in a new business.
Mike
Congrats!  Those guys better watch out, you might organize them.
FYI, we have an investment in a company called Treasury Connect that has an 
interest rate swap portal.  Gary is working with them to do a trade.  They 
are currently negotiating with the World Bank to provide a private label 
product to them.
TC's clients include Xerox, GE, Duke and us.  I know with the webification of 
everything that we will be looking at those markets, but I would like to make 
sure our guys evaluate their technology offering before you move to far into 
their market.  They are focused on the very low value, commoditized 
transactions, so I don't know if it is an area Enron will compete for.
Thanks,
Mark
David,
Thanks for the email.
On metals, I believe all of that will remain under John Sherriff and not our 
new group.  Paper will remain in NA as well.  Both will be re-examined at 
some point but not now.  I like Cindy as well, she sounds fine to me.  Who is 
better, Cindy or Hoyt?
Do you want me to co-ordinate with Cindy while you are on vacation?
Thanks,
Mike
David Oxley
07/29/2000 07:51 PM
Mike,
I asked team to get you some org charts, personnel numbers and PRC results on 
Friday. They may be a little sketchy but we can refine for you over next few 
days. I specifically want to go over employment agreement and comp 
information with you.
Couple of things of immediate note:
- MG metals is an issue from an HR stand point. I believe (possibly wrongly) 
that much of the NA end of this will fall in your world. Immediate issue 
appears to be desire to let go some staff that MG hired immediately before 
deal went unconditional that now don't fit. Hickerson is aware of where we 
are and I'll keep you informed as things develop.
- I am planning to dedicate Cindy Skinner (Shankman asked me specifically for 
her and I think she is ready for this challenge) to the new business as your 
lead HR person but I also have Hoyt Thomas (you may remember him from 96/97 
era) in the team for the next 6 months (he is on a contract at present and we 
may make it permanent). I'd like to discuss this with you next week.
- I am planning vacation for about 10 days from Weds of next week, but will 
leave you contact numbers.
David
Chris,
I got the pictures yesterday.  They looked great and were very clear.  I am 
interested in buying a Bonnard and am ready to make a decision on the one you 
have as well.  I will send you a check via overnight mail if we can come to 
an agreement.  What is your best and final total  price for the work?  I will 
make a yes or no answer upon my receipt of your email. 
Thanks,
Mike 
PS -  I am going to pass on the Braque and Picasso for now.
Dear Mike:
Please let me know that the photos arrived.
Thanks,
Chris