Come on man- you need help?  I am willing to talk receiver and RB swaps
it is typical to counter offer when you don't like my offer
I would consider a deal for Taylor, but I won't give up George.  He, in my
estimation, will be starting very soon.
Jason Bass
TSE
Compaq Computer Corporation
freeman and garner and mcnabb for taylor and george
Eric,
I will tell you that it will have to be an offer that I can't refuse.  You
are actually going to maybe take the short end of the stick.  I have done
without him for 4 weeks and he is back this coming week and I am looking
forward to having him in the lineup.
Jason Bass
TSE
Compaq Computer Corporation
What do you want for Taylor?
freeman and garner and mcnabb for taylor and george
Eric,
I will tell you that it will have to be an offer that I can't refuse.  You
are actually going to maybe take the short end of the stick.  I have done
without him for 4 weeks and he is back this coming week and I am looking
forward to having him in the lineup.
Jason Bass
TSE
Compaq Computer Corporation
What do you want for Taylor?
What do you want for Taylor?
now, now - you didn't look that great against UTEP.  we will see what happens 
once we settle on a qb
Nick Hiemstra
09/18/2000 04:33 PM
The question is:  could you guys take San Jose State?  What happened to the 
running game?
Here is the detail on the new products:
THOMPSONVILLE
Receipt Pts
Lobo Thompsonville (Meter #9648)
Tejas Thompsonville (Meter #6351)
PG&E Thompsonville (Meter #6296)
Delivery Pt.
NGPL Thomsponville (Meter #1342)
AGUA DULCE
Receipt Pts.
PG&E Riverside (Meter #6040)
PG&E Agua Dulce (Meter #584)
Tennesee Agua Dulce (Meter #574)
Lobo Agua Dulce (Meter #7038)
Tejas Gregory (Meter #3358)
Channel Agua Dulce (Meter #3500)
MOPS/NNG Tivoli (Meter #5674)
Tomcat (Meter #553)
Delivery Pts.
Tejas Riverside (Meter #3543)
NGPL Riverside (Meter #3545)
Channel Agua Dulce (Meter #3500)
Tenessee Agua Dulce (Meter #694)
Koch Bayside (Meter #3537)
We would like to get these products out by bid week if at all possible.
Let me know if you have further questions.
Thanks,
Eric 
x3-0977
yeah - he can play if he doesn't mind playing only def
i am in.  do you need anyone else to play b/c chad wants to play if we have 
room.  we could always use another pass rusher.
We have a game this Wednesday @ 7:00.  Pleas let me know whether or not you 
will attend.
Thanks,
Eric
I have not received your dues yet.  I am giving you a one week reprieve.  If 
I do not receive your dues ($110) by this Sunday, you will forfeit 
My address is:
2302 Travis St.. #8225
Houston  77006
-Eric
waaaaa! waaaaa! you notice that she didn't mention the corps of cadet members 
that tackled and beat on women after texas victory in college station a 
couple of year back
Something to get you ALL riled up!!  And you talk about LSU fans being bad- 
"Kill him Christina Barthel
11/30/2000 09:43 AM
Amy.Jon@ on 11/30/2000 09:37:29 AM
"Conduct of Texas Fans at Friday's Football Game Dismays Former Student"
November 28, 2000
Dear Battalion and Daily Texan:
Please help me.  As a product of both Texas A&M and the University of
Texas - Austin, I thought I had learned a lot.  But I experienced some new
things at the football game this past Friday that my education had not 
prepared
me for.  No doubt there are Longhorn scholars who can set me straight.  I
watched many joyful Texas fans along with a few Aggies tailgating and
carousing.  Super.  Fall football rivalry.  Spirits were literally in
abundance.  May the better football team win.
Then I saw things that I cannot really comprehend.  I saw a Longhorn fan
with a t-shirt showing a fallen-over Bonfire.  The caption read, "What's
wrong, Aggies? Can't keep it up?"  Can someone explain that to me?  I do
not get it.  I assure you, I get the sexual nuance - I just do not understand
evil.
I saw Longhorn fans mocking and taunting the fans from A&M who were in
Corps of Cadets uniforms.  "Little Hitlers," they were called.  They were 
being
spat at.  Help me to understand this Longhorn slant on rivalry.  I
thought we were all against Hitler - Longhorns and Aggies.
I saw a Longhorn cheerleader - isn't he supposed to represent UT in the
finest possible way?  - run in front of the Aggie Band, turn and face it
square on and salute with the clicked heels, arm-above-head, "Heil
Hitler" sign. 
What don't I know here?  What didn't I learn in history class?  All these
things happened before kickoff.
Aggies, I respect your presentation of a $50,000 endowed scholarship as a
thank-you for UT's respect and support shown last year.  That support
obviously came from the finer Horns.  I admired the fortitude and
restraint exercised by the Corps of Cadets under attack.
Unfortunately, I learned that hundreds and hundreds of Longhorns have
More than one way to show the Hook 'em Horns sign.  They prefer to use their
middle finger.  Class.  Really intelligent and creative.  That will
quickly teach those "littlest" Longhorns how to show spirit.  I just pray they
get an honest chance to choose.
I am learning.  I have attended both schools.  I will choose the higher
ground.
Susan Priest
Classes of '77 and '81