2.   Do any specific laws or regulations exist in your
 jurisdiction which would
 prevent or in any way impact upon marketing or trading of any
 of the products
 set out in question 1 above through the internet?  In
 answering this question
 please address issues relating to contractual formation and
 enforceability of
 contracts entered into via the internet.  In particular, if a
 transaction
 entered into via the internet is enforceable under U.S. or
 U.K. law and the
 transactions contain a choice of such law, will such
 transactions, including the
 choice of law, be enforceable in Japan?
We do not have any specific laws or regulations which would marketing or 
trading
of any of the products set out in question 1 above through the internet Under
Japanese law, formation of any contract does not require any formality.
Japanese law generally does not require any formalities for offers or
acceptances to be valid as such. There is no Statute of Frauds, and parties 
may
make most types of contracts orally. If there is enough evidence establishing
that the offeree agreed to the terms offered, an offeror may rely on it. In 
most
simple sales contracts for consumer goods, for example, it would be easy to
prove that the customer agreed to pay x yen for product Y. The Seller's
electronic records showing that the customer clicked on the icon to buy 
product
Y should be enough in this context.
In more complicated contracts, the structure of the seller's Web pages should 
be
carefully designed. Having no court decisions, we have no definite answer to 
the
question of enforceability of shrink-wrap agreements in Japan. However, the
legal implications of the Web-wrap, the online version of shrink-wrap, may be
somewhat different from shrink-wraps (e.g. licenses for software sold over the
counter).  Under a typical shrink-wrap license in the real world, for example,
the customer cannot break the wrapper until after the customer purchases the
product. However, in an on-line environment, a customer has a choice to click 
on
an Accept-to-Buy icon before the customer purchases the product. Further, 
with a
carefully compiled sequence of screens or pages which would in effect be able 
to
let the customer read the terms and conditions before rushing to click on the
icon, it would be easier to prove that the customer read the terms and
conditions than in a typical shrink-wrap license situation. Unlike shrink-wrap
in the real world, the seller may obtain an electronic record showing that the
customer clicked on the icon. Given these differences, the result possibly may
be more favorable to sellers online than to those using shrink-wrap licenses.
If a transaction entered into via the internet is enforceable under U.S. or 
U.K.
law and the transactions contain a choice of such law, such transactions,
including the choice of law, will be enforceable in Japan.