- attack.pps 
Hi, everyone. Sorry for the delay in responding to all the messages and
emails regarding the meetings sponsored by SRP. There were a few people who
were in Phoenix before the WTC disaster and we did meet on Wednesday to do
some brainstorming. This email is an attempt to share the discussions with
those of you who were not here.
The parties who met were SRP, APS, PD, SWG, SoCal and the ACC. Joel Greene,
Barbara Jost, Kelly Daly and Dave Huard were here as legal counsel and Greg
Lander was here as a consultant. There are no new proposals on the table. We
did discuss ways to get to a point where we might be able to talk settlement
and whether or not parties might be willing to turn back capacity. No
surprise that we keep coming back to "what do you use to allocate the
existing capacity". Greg is going to run some numbers for the EOC based on
different starting scenarios using the assumption that CD capacity will be
made available at some level. He will also be looking at the impact of
seasonalizing the EOC loads.
SRP will reschedule the meetings (or arrange a conference call) to discuss
settlement once we have Greg's analysis. I wouldn't expect anything before
the end of September unless it is a conference call.
Thanks to everyone for letting me know your status during the week. It was a
relief to know everyone was safe somewhere.
Diane McVicker
Principal Analyst
Salt River Project
602-236-4315
Just talk to   Mike on figures-why do you need them
Ann Bike and Elizabeth Hernandez were suppose to handle the booking of this deal.  It is a real deal.  ENA is paying a 5 cent demand charge on 310000 for the opton to park gas in March and take out in August/.  Please contact Ann Bike for the sitara dealnumber.
Jane, Cal Hub has invoiced ENA $15,500.00 for August 2001.  However, I do not show anything in our system.  Do you know if this is valid and if so, do you know the Sitara number?  Thanks.
Laurie Ellis
Specialist - Gas Settlements
Enron Net Works LLC
Phone: (713) 345-9945
Fax:  (713) 646-8420
email:  laurie.ellis@
I am not going in October-I will probably go in December
I have reserved the following for the three of you:
Sunday 10/14 - outbound 5:40 PM - arriving 8:10 PM
Friday 10/19 - return 3:00 PM - arriving 9:10 PM
Hotel - Marriott (next to Portland office)
Please let me know if this plan works for you and if not, what changes do you need made?
-Ina
too bad we can't put something in the Copperfield newsletter
This is enough for me not to want to eat there ever again. 
Esther 
In a message dated 9/18/2001 11:14:11 AM Central Daylight Time, Sharon_Dearman@bmc.com writes: 
This was sent to me by a friend.  When you read it you'll see why I've 
passed this on! 
Jane 
Hi ladies, just wanted to let you know of something that happened in our own 
area on the most terrible Tues. morning ever.  As people were dying in New 
York the manager and a female employee at our local IHOP pancake house on 
Hwy.6 @ 290 were clapping and celebrating.  The woman behind the cash 
register said "I cant wait to go home and celebrate with my family This seems so hard to believe doesnt it?  My best friends neighbor was there 
and heard as did many others.  Many people walked out as did she.  She 
called the FBI and IHOP main office.   Not to mention have now heard the 
same story from someone else who was there at the same time. 
I am writting this to let you all know.  I will not give my American hard 
earned dollars to someone/anyone who would celebrate any American loss of 
life.   I would kindly request that all of you let friends and family know 
what went on at this restaurant.  When I first heard this it seemed so hard 
to believe, that anyone living and especially owning a business and 
benefiting from America would feel this way.   My best friend knows this 
woman well, this is not an internet hoax.   When I first heard the story I 
didn't know what to do, but as it is Sunday morning and I am picturing his 
restarant packed with Americans and him taking in all those dollars I have 
suddenly become inspired.   Not to mention when I first heard of this it 
seems so hard to beleive that anyone would feel this way you tend think 
"that just can't be true"  But it is Thanks. 
Laura 
Not sure how often you eat at IHOP but I think we will find other places to
eat based on this story.
Since you're my neighbor, thought you might want to read this.
Did you hear about this?
Laura Hickman
FIEST Elementary
Houston, Texas
laura.hickman@cfisd.net
I usually do not forward email to people that have provided me with their
email addresses but I really felt that this was worth passing on.  I
stop for  bite to eat there Friday night when Chili's was packed.  I
wondered why the restaurant was empty..
Anyway, please pass on if you can 
Thanks,
Pam
This was sent to me by a friend.  When you read it you'll see why I've
passed this on!
Jane
Hi ladies, just wanted to let you know of something that happened in our own
area on the most terrible Tues. morning ever.  As people were dying in New
York the manager and a female employee at our local IHOP pancake house on
Hwy.6 @ 290 were clapping and celebrating.  The woman behind the cash
register said "I cant wait to go home and celebrate with my family."
This seems so hard to believe doesnt it?  My best friends neighbor was there
and heard as did many others.  Many people walked out as did she.  She
called the FBI and IHOP main office.   Not to mention have now heard the
same story from someone else who was there at the same time.
I am writting this to let you all know.  I will not give my American hard
earned dollars to someone/anyone who would celebrate any American loss of
life.   I would kindly request that all of you let friends and family know
what went on at this restaurant.  When I first heard this it seemed so hard
to believe, that anyone living and especially owning a business and
benefiting from America would feel this way.   My best friend knows this
woman well, this is not an internet hoax.   When I first heard the story I
didn't know what to do, but as it is Sunday morning and I am picturing his
restarant packed with Americans and him taking in all those dollars I have
suddenly become inspired.   Not to mention when I first heard of this it
seems so hard to beleive that anyone would feel this way you tend think
"that just can't be true"  But it is!!
Thanks.
Laura
provided me with their email addresses but I really felt that this was worth=20
passing on.&nbsp; I received this email today and it made me really sad.&nbsp;=20
Even worse, my family stop for&nbsp; bite to eat there Friday night when Chili's=20
was packed.&nbsp; I wondered why the restaurant was empty Barry asked me to send you this chart to be filled in.
Thanks,
Mara
Further to our conversation yesterday, Phillip has asked that we meet today to update him on the general and specific efforts related to regulatory concerns on El Paso pipeline 
Pls be prepared to discuss the major items we had identified last session and what our position and repsonse is planned to be.
If there are any questions give me a call.
BT 
This is a copy of our discussion  today.  Hopefullly, it will be a starting point for you
Attached are the key issues surrounding the El Paso case and ENA's position on each issue..  We currently are drafting comments based on our position which will be due at the FERC on October 14.  Such comments will support an immediate request by EPNG for turnback of capacity 
Please review, and if okay with you, we can circulate to larger audience.  Becky, what date would this be due?
The phone in the conference room will only allow 2 people to conference in.l.  Accordingly, that means that Jeff and Leslie have priority to such lines since they are out of town..  Anyone interested in attending the meeting can come to EB 3267.  The phone number is 713-345-4154.
Janie--I think your bi-weekly conference call/meeting is tomorrow at 2:30.  Can you email us the call in # and room?  Thanks
Attached is a summary of the key issues on El Paso which we will be discussing tomorrow at our meeting.  Our comments to the FERC are due on October 14 so we will be providing Leslie with more feedback  for inclusion 
we did not get it. Send it to the new email  jtholt @houston.rr.com
I do not run any rpoducts;I'm only backup
Please send me your stack manager ID and PW.
Thank You,
Ina Rangel
I sometimes talk to Bill Bolch regarding glow issues or discounts.
See below.  Once you have a complete table, would you please distribute it to the whole group? Thanks.
I assume you are going to be the lead in the coordinating?
In consideration of the sensitivities regarding this asset and ENA's efforts to manage this risk. I believe we need to formalize and coordinate any external communication with El Paso.
Please advise by name who your lead contact is or would be and what the general purpose of the conversations is concerning.  If you do not have a primary contact or do not talk directly to the pipeline, pls advise. 
thanks, BT 
Enron			El Paso				Scope 
Barry Tycholiz		Gerry Strange / Al Clark		Commercial activities regarding EL Paso Pipeline, current issues - negotiations.
Becky Cantrell		Bill Healy(1)/Jerry Strange(2)	Operational issues, questions about El Paso tariff or procedures, pooling issues
Becky Cantrell		Norm Walker(3)			Operational issues, pooling issues
Becky Cantrell		Richard Derryberry		Tariff
ONEPASS MEMBER CO.O.L. TRAVEL SPECIALS
DOMESTIC U.S.
Tuesday, September 25, 2001
CONTINENTAL.COM FARE SALE
Booking on continental.com is more rewarding than ever before! Not only can you save on already low sale fares, but for a limited time you can save an additional 5% to select destinations.
Visit
for all the details.
SUPPORT AMERICA. DONATE YOUR ONEPASS MILES TODAY.
The American Red Cross has been extremely effective in rescue efforts by providing necessary resources to meet the needs of victims and their families who were affected by the recent tragedies. Continental donated 2 million miles to assist in relief efforts. You can help these efforts by donating your OnePass miles to the American Red Cross.
To help those who have suffered, log into your OnePass account and click "Donate Your Miles," or call the OnePass Service Center at 1-713-952-1630. For more information, visit
TABLE OF CONTENTS FOR CO.O.L. TRAVEL SPECIALS
1. OnePass Miles CO.O.L. Travel Specials Offers
2. CO.O.L. Travel Specials Offers
3. Alamo Rent A Car Offers
4. National Car Rental Offers
5. Hilton Hotel Offers
This week's specials are good for the following markets departing Saturday, September 29 and returning on either Monday, October 1 or Tuesday, October 2, 2001. Please see the Terms and Conditions listed at the end of this e-mail.
1. OnePass Miles CO.O.L. Travel Specials Offers
For OnePass members, here are special opportunities to redeem miles for travel to the following destinations. As an additional benefit, OnePass Elite members can travel using the miles below as the only payment necessary. The following are this week's OnePass CO.O.L. Travel Specials.
To use your OnePass miles (as listed below) to purchase CO.O.L. Travel Specials, you must call 1-800-642-1617.
THERE WILL NOT BE AN ADDITIONAL $20 CHARGE WHEN REDEEMING ONEPASS MILES FOR CO.O.L. TRAVEL SPECIALS THROUGH THE TOLL FREE RESERVATIONS NUMBER.
TRAVEL MAY ORIGINATE IN EITHER CITY
****Roundtrip BETWEEN CLEVELAND, OH and:
$29 + 12,500 Miles - Austin, TX
$29 + 12,500 Miles - El Paso, TX
$29 + 15,000 Miles - Laredo, TX
****Roundtrip BETWEEN HOUSTON, TX and:
$29 + 12,500 Miles - Alexandria, LA
$29 + 10,000 Miles - Brownsville/South Padre Island, TX
$29 + 12,500 Miles - El Paso, TX
$29 + 12,500 Miles - Kansas City, MO
$29 + 10,000 Miles - Lafayette, LA
$29 + 12,500 Miles - Los Angeles, CA
$29 + 12,500 Miles - Midland/Odessa, TX
$29 + 10,000 Miles - Mobile, AL
$29 + 10,000 Miles - New Orleans, LA
$29 + 12,500 Miles - Oakland, CA
$29 + 12,500 Miles - Orange County/Santa Ana, CA
$29 + 17,500 Miles - Syracuse, NY
$29 + 12,500 Miles - Tampa/St. Petersburg, FL
****Roundtrip BETWEEN NEW YORK/NEWARK and:
$29 + 17,500 Miles - Laredo, TX
$29 + 17,500 Miles - Los Angeles, CA
$29 + 12,500 Miles - Norfolk, VA
$29 + 10,000 Miles - Portland, ME
$29 + 17,500 Miles - Seattle/Tacoma, WA
2. CO.O.L. Travel Specials Offers
Purchase CO.O.L. Travel Specials online until 11:59pm (CST) Friday at
You can also purchase CO.O.L. Travel Specials for an additional cost of $20 per ticket through our telephone service at 1-800-642-1617.
TRAVEL MAY ORIGINATE IN EITHER CITY
****Roundtrip BETWEEN CLEVELAND, OH and:
$129 - Austin, TX
$129 - El Paso, TX
$149 - Laredo, TX
****Roundtrip BETWEEN HOUSTON, TX and:
$119 - Alexandria, LA
$109 - Brownsville/South Padre Island, TX
$129 - El Paso, TX
$129 - Kansas City, MO
$109 - Lafayette, LA
$129 - Los Angeles, CA
$119 - Midland/Odessa, TX
$109 - Mobile, AL
$109 - New Orleans, LA
$129 - Oakland, CA
$129 - Orange County/Santa Ana, CA
$179 - Syracuse, NY
$129 - Tampa/St. Petersburg, FL
****Roundtrip BETWEEN NEW YORK/NEWARK and:
$239 - Laredo, TX
$199 - Los Angeles, CA
$129 - Norfolk, VA
$109 - Portland, ME
$179 - Seattle/Tacoma, WA
3. CO.O.L. TRAVEL SPECIALS FROM ALAMO RENT A CAR
Rates listed below are valid on compact class vehicles at airport locations only. Other car types may be available.  Rates are valid for rentals on Saturday, September 29, 2001 with returns Monday, October 1, 2001 or Tuesday, October 2, 2001.
To receive special Continental CO.O.L. discounted rates, simply make advance reservations and be sure to request ID # 596871 and Rate Code 33. Book your reservation online at:
or contact Alamo at 1-800 GO ALAMO.
*If you are traveling to a city or a different date that is not listed, Alamo offers great rates when you book online at:
For complete details on these offers, please refer to Alamo's terms and conditions below.
4. CO.O.L. TRAVEL SPECIALS FROM NATIONAL CAR RENTAL
Rates listed below are valid on intermediate class vehicles at airport locations only. Other car types may be available.  Rates are valid for rentals on Saturday, September 29, 2001 with returns Monday, October 1, 2001 or Tuesday, October 2, 2001.
To receive your special Continental Airlines CO.O.L. Travel Specials discounted rates, simply make your reservations in advance and be sure to request Product Code COOLUS.  To make your reservation, contact National at 1-800-CAR-RENT (1-800-227-7368), or book your reservation online at
Please enter COOLUS in the Product Rate Code field, and 5037126 in the Contract ID field to ensure you get these rates on these dates.
* If you are traveling to a city or a different date that is not listed, National offers great rates when you book online at:
For complete details on these offers, please refer to National's terms and conditions below.
5. CO.O.L. TRAVEL SPECIALS ON HILTON HOTELS AND RESORTS
The following rates are available September 29 - October 1, 2001 and are priced per night.
Cleveland, OH - Hilton Cleveland East/Beachwood, Beachwood, OH. - $109
Houston, TX - Hilton Houston Westchase and Towers - $149
Houston, TX - Hilton Houston Southwest - $99
Los Angeles & Orange County, CA - Hilton Suites Anaheim/Orange - $99/Night, - 9/29-30
Los Angeles & Orange County, CA - Hilton Irvine/Orange County Airport - $139
Los Angeles & Orange County, CA - Hilton Whittier, Whittier, CA. - $99
Los Angeles & Orange County, CA - Doubletree Club Orange County Airport, Santa Ana, CA. - $99
Los Angeles & Orange County, CA - Doubletree Hotel Los Angeles-Westwood - $179
New Orleans, LA - Doubletree Hotel New Orleans-Lakeside, Metairie, LA. - $129
Newark, NJ - Hilton Hasbrouck Heights, Hasbrouck Heights, NJ. - $149
Newark, NJ - Doubletree Club Suites Jersey City, Jersey City, NJ. - $169
Newark, NJ - Doubletree Guest Suites New York City, New York City, NY. - $239
Oakland, CA - Hilton Garden Inn Mountain View, Mountain View, CA. - $209
Oakland, CA - Hilton Newark/Fremont, Newark, CA. - $159
Oakland, CA - Embassy Suites Hotel Pleasant Hill-Walnut Creek, Walnut Creek, CA. - $179
Oakland, CA - Embassy Suites Hotel San Rafael-Marin County/Conference Center, San Rafael, CA. - $129
Portland, ME - Doubletree Hotel Portland, Portland, ME. - $119
Seattle, WA - Doubletree Guest Suites Seattle-Southcenter - $99
Seattle, WA - Embassy Suites Hotel Seattle-Tacoma International Airport - $96
Tampa, FL - Hilton Clearwater Beach Resort, Clearwater, FL. - $89
Tampa, FL - Doubletree Hotel Tampa Westshore Airport - $79
To book this week's special rates for Hilton Family Hotels, visit and book at
Special rates apply only for the dates listed at each hotel and are subject to availability. Check hilton.com for specific dates at each Hilton Family Hotel. Or call at 1-800-774-1500 and ask for Value Rates. Restrictions apply to these rates.
CO.O.L. TRAVEL SPECIALS RULES:
Fares include a $37.20 fuel surcharge.  Passenger Facility Charges, up to $18 depending on routing, are not included. Up to $2.75 per segment federal excise tax, as applicable, is not included.  Applicable International and or Canadian taxes and fees up to $108, varying by destination, are not included and may vary slightly depending on currency exchange rate at the time of purchase. For a complete listing of rules please visit:
ALAMO RENT A CAR'S TERMS AND CONDITIONS:
Taxes (including VLF taxes up to US$1.89 per day in California and GST), other governmentally-authorized or imposed surcharges, license recoupment fees, fuel, additional driver fee, drop charges and optional items (such as CDW Waiver Savers(R) up to US$18.99 a day,) are extra. Renter must meet standard age, driver and credit requirements. Rates higher for drivers under age 25. Concession recoupment fees may add up to 14% to the rental rate at some on-airport locations. Up to 10.75% may be added to the rental rate if you rent at an off-airport location and exit on our shuttle bus. Weekly rates require a 5-day minimum rental or daily rates apply. For weekend rates, the vehicle must be picked up after 9 a.m. on Thursday and returned before midnight on Monday or higher daily rates apply. 24-hour advance reservation required. May not be combined with other discounts. Availability is limited. All vehicles must be returned to the country of origin. Offer not valid in San Jose, CA.
NATIONAL CAR RENTAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS:
Customer must provide Contract ID# at the time of reservation to be eligible for discounts. Offer valid at participating National locations in the US and Canada. Minimum rental age is 25. This offer is not valid with any other special discount or promotion. Standard rental qualifications apply. Subject to availability and blackout dates. Advance reservations required. Geographic driving restrictions may apply.
UNFORTUNATELY MAIL SENT TO THIS ADDRESS CANNOT BE ANSWERED.
This e-mail was sent to: jtholt@
You registered with OnePass Number: sc266224
View our privacy policy at:
TO UNSUBSCRIBE:
We hope you will find CO.O.L. Travel Specials a valuable source of information. However, if you prefer not to take advantage of this opportunity, please let us know by visiting the CO.O.L. Travel Specials page on our web site at:
TO SUBSCRIBE:
Please visit the CO.O.L. Travel Specials page on our web site at:
Call me for lunch-maybe we can go on Friday or on Monday
Janie;   Sure was great to see you yesterday............It was so ironic that you ask me about getting married, and I pick up an engagement ring the same day.  Did you say that you saw pictures of Deb's wedding?  Was it on some porno web site?  Just kidding!!!  She still can't speak to me without getting upset and it will be 4 years on Halloween.  Hope all is going well.......... somehow I think it is, by the smile I saw on your face.
Be good,
Bob
to unsubscribe from this list....see info at the end 
For immediate release: September 24, 2001
Contact: Claudia Chandler: (916) 654-4989
Energy Commission Approves
Metcalf Power Plant in San Jose
Sacramento - By a 5 to 0 vote, the California Energy Commission today gave the Metcalf Energy Center final approval for construction and operation. The natural gas-fired, combined-cycle power plant project, proposed by Calpine Corporation and Bechtel Enterprises, Inc., is expected to cost approximately $400 million and create 25 permanent jobs.
The 600-megawatt power plant is approved for a 20-acre site located in San Jose at the southern base of Tulare Hill in northern Coyote Valley. The plant's electrical output will supply the needs of 600,000 homes.
Calpine and Bechtel Enterprises are scheduled to begin construction on the project this October with commercial operation expected to serve the summer load of 2003. This merchant plant will sell power in California's electricity market.
On June 18, 2001, the Energy Commission's Metcalf Energy Center Committee, comprised of Energy Commissioner Robert Laurie, Presiding Member, and Commission Chairman William J. Keese, Second Member, recommended the power plant for full-Commission approval. The Presiding Member's Proposed Decision and its August 24, 2001, Revised Presiding Member's Proposed Decision on the Metcalf Power Plant may be accessed on the Commission's web site at:
www.energy.ca.gov/sitingcases/metcalf
The Committee's approval of the Metcalf Energy Center license came after a rigorous, two and a half year-long review process in which the Commission actively sought public input on the proposal. More than 50 public workshops, hearings and conferences were held on the project in which members of the public, 18 formal "intervenors," other governmental agencies, and community groups participated in the Energy Commission's review process.
In its 480-page Revised Presiding Member's Proposed Decision, the Committee reviewed all aspects of the proposal, including environmental impacts, public health and safety, air quality, hazardous materials, and engineering alternatives. Based on evidence presented at formal hearing, the Committee recommended the project for certification under the Warren-Alquist Act and the California Environmental Quality Act.
In its vote to license the Metcalf project, the Energy Commission exercised its override authority, an important part of the State's statutory scheme for ensuring against power shortages in locations where power is needed for reliability. The Commissioners agreed with the staff that the need for the project and benefits it will bring to the San Jose area outweigh its lack of compliance with local ordinances.
The Energy Commission exercises its override authority cautiously, preferring in most cases to work with local agencies to achieve consensus with local jurisdictions; 1981 was the only other time the Commission exercised its override authority. In that case, the issue was a transmission line from the Geysers 16 project that the County of Sonoma contended violated its general plan. The Energy Commission's override was upheld in subsequent court action.
The power plants permitted by the Energy Commission since 1999 will boost California's power supply by 10,982 megawatts by summer 2003. Nine simple-cycle power plants licensed this year will add 683 megawatts to the grid by year's end.
The Commission's web site provides complete information about the review of California power plant proposals at:
www.energy.ca.gov/sitingcases/
To unsubscribe from this list, please go to:
Or simply send an e-mail to majordomo@energy.ca.gov
and in the body of the e-mail, type in
unsubscribe (name of this list)
Farideh Namjou
Web Development Team
California Energy Commission
916-654-4989
Attached below are El Paso's responses to the data requests resulting from
the capacity allocation technical conference held on August 28, 2001.
01.xls>>   ltr..doc    - Citizens Ltr.doc=20
- Citizens No. 1.xls=20
- Citizens No. 2.xls=20
- Enron 01.xls=20
- Enron Ltr.doc=20
- EPMCG Ltr.doc=20
- FERC1 ltr.doc=20
- Staff No. 01.xls=20
- Ind. Shippers Ltr.doc=20
- PNM ltr..doc=20
- PNM No. 01.xls=20
- SRP ltr..doc=20
- SRP No. 05.doc=20
- SRP No. 13.xls=20
- SWG ltr..doc=20
- SWG No. 5.xls
For immediate release: September 25, 2001
Contact: Mary Ann Costamagna: (916) 654-4989
Energy Commission Clock Starts
On Two New Power Plant Proposals
Sacramento - Two new power plant applications started the California Energy Commission approval process with unanimous votes today. Commissioners deemed the applications data adequate for the Magnolia Power Project in Burbank and the Los Esteros Critical Energy Facility in North San Jose.
The 4-to-0 Commission vote finding the Magnolia Power Project data adequate means that the staff has enough information to begin the six-month licensing review. A unanimous vote also began the four-month licensing process for the Los Esteros Critical Energy Facility.
Simple-cycle power plants that can be on-line by December 31, 2002 can be licensed under the four-month - fast track - process. The six-month process is for thermal power plants that will not cause significant adverse impacts to public health, the environment or transmission system. In both cases, projects must comply with local, state and federal laws, ordinances, regulations and standards, including the California Environmental Quality Act.
The Magnolia Power Project is a proposal from the Southern California Public Power Authority. The 250-megawatt, natural gas, combined-cycle electrical generating facility would be located at the site of the existing City of Burbank power plant. The city would operate the new plant that is intended to supply power as well to Anaheim, Colton, Glendale and Pasadena.
Magnolia is expected to cost $200 to $250 million. A workforce of approximately 320 craft and professional personnel is planned to build the facility. The proposed construction schedule would take 23 months, putting the plant on-line by the summer of 2004.
The Committee that will oversee the Magnolia Power Project review is comprised of Energy Commissioner Robert A. Laurie as Presiding Member and Commissioner Arthur H. Rosenfeld, Ph.D., Associate Member.
For more information on the project, check the California Energy Commission web site at:
www.energy.ca.gov/sitingcases/magnolia
The Los Esteros Critical Energy Facility is proposed by Calpine c* Power. The plant, planned for 15 acres in North San Jose at Highway 237 and Zanker Road, would produce 180 megawatts using four gas-fired, simple-cycle turbines. The project's key goals are providing a reliable source of electricity to the proposed U.S. Dataport facility scheduled for construction on an adjacent site and putting power on the grid to support South Bay energy needs.
Los Esteros is expected to cost $250 million. A crew of 287 will build the plant if licensed. Construction and testing are projected to be complete by summer 2002.
The Committee named this morning to oversee the review process for the Los Esteros Critical Energy Facility consists of Energy Commission Chair William J. Keese as Presiding Member and Commissioner Michal (spelled correctly) C. Moore, Ph.D., Associate Member. More information on Los Esteros is located on the Energy Commission web site at:
www.energy.ca.gov/sitingcases/losesteros
Public participation is a very important part of the Energy Commission approval process. To find out how you can get involved, call Roberta Mendonca, the Commission's Public Adviser, at (916) 654-4489, toll free at (800) 822-6228, or by e-mail at:pao@energy.state.ca.us
To unsubscribe from this list, please go to:
Or simply send an e-mail to majordomo@energy.ca.gov
and in the body of the e-mail, type in
unsubscribe (name of this list)
Farideh Namjou
Web Development Team
California Energy Commission
916-654-4989
Attached below are the additional capacity studies as a result of the August
28, 2001 Technical Conference
at Docket Nos. RP00-336-001 et al
- Cap Studies 9-24-01.xls=20
- FERC ltr.doc
we just got the animated cards-is that what you mean?
please be sure to put me on your distribution list for the west pricing sheet
I know you were kidding
I hope you know I was just kidding on the phone.  It's just we get so little commercial interest in these calls.
I have received my world com card.
to unsubscribe from this list please see
the information at the end
For immediate release: October 3, 2001
Contact: Claudia Chandler : 916-654-4989
Energy Commission Report Projects
Improved Natural Gas Supplies For the State
Sacramento -While current natural gas prices in California have dropped to approximately half of 2000's average price, the specter remains of last December, when tight supplies caused prices to spike to 25 times their present rates. Now, as winter approaches, industry watchers wonder if the State has enough of the clean-burning fuel for the upcoming heating season, even as new gas-fired electricity generators come on line.
The Natural Gas Infrastructure Issues Report , adopted today by a 4-to-0 vote of the California Energy Commission, gives a qualified "yes" to the question of adequate supplies this winter. It identifies sufficient storage as a critical factor, and notes that utilities have substantially increased natural gas storage, largely because conservation and efficiency have dampened summer electricity demand.
Nearly 85 percent of the natural gas used by Californians comes by pipeline from gas fields located outside the State. Since California typically uses more natural gas in the winter than interstate pipelines can provide, additional supplies must be set aside in summer months to help balance supply and demand. For this reason, the report recommends that the Energy Commission continuously assess storage levels and monitor infrastructure improvements throughout the year.
The newly adopted report points out that California's natural gas supply system was designed years ago to provide enough gas for winter's peak heating demand. An increasing reliance on natural gas for generating electricity, however, has strained the system and revised old patterns of consumption.
"This report helps Californians understand what we have to do to assure that we have a reliable and reasonably priced electricity and natural gas system in the future," said Energy Commissioner Michal (spelling correct) Moore, Presiding Member of the Electricity and Natural Gas Committee that developed the document.
To help resolve possible supply problems, the document analyzes not only natural gas storage requirements but the interstate pipelines that bring the fuel from distant gas fields to the California border. These pipelines can deliver slightly more natural gas than intra-state gas pipelines ? those within our State's borders ? can receive. As a result, there are bottlenecks in getting some supplies to gas consumers that the report says must be improved.
Pacific Gas and Electric Company (PG&E) and Southern California Gas Company (SoCal Gas) are improving and expanding their intra-state pipeline systems to help eliminate these constraints. According to the report, planned expansions of the interstate pipeline network should increase natural gas delivery to the State beginning next year, and additional improvements to the natural gas system should help prevent higher-than-normal prices that plagued California last winter.
Natural gas supplies in North America appear to be sufficient to meet demand in California and the rest of the United States for the next 50 years. The report recommends that the Energy Commission continue to monitor drilling rig activity and production levels for the long-term outlook. It also suggests that the Energy Commission, along with the Public Utilities Commission, should find ways to encourage and increase the in-state supply of natural gas.
The just adopted Natural Gas Infrastructure Issues Report can be found on the Energy Commission's Web Site at:
www.energy.ca.gov/contracts
To unsubscribe from this list, please go to:
Or simply send an e-mail to majordomo@energy.ca.gov
and in the body of the e-mail, type in
unsubscribe (name of this list)
Farideh Namjou
Web Development Team
California Energy Commission
916-654-4989
Dear ClickAtHome Participant,
ClickAtHome is interested in making sure you have the latest security tools available to you.  As part of the ClickAtHome program, you may download and update Norton Anti-Virus and BlackICE Defender software from the ClickAtHome Portal 
Norton AntiVirus software repairs computer virus infections automatically.  It scans and cleans your hard drive, diskettes and both incoming and outgoing email BlackICE Defender is an industrial-strength anti-hacker system that protects your PC by scanning your DSL, cable modem, or dial-up Internet connection looking for hacker activity. When it detects an attempted intrusion, it automatically blocks traffic from that source, keeping intruders from accessing your system. 
By installing and updating both Norton AntiVirus and BlackICE Defender, your ClickAtHome PC will have the latest security offered by these two products Instructions for accessing the Portal and downloading the software are provided below.
If you have any questions or wish to provide feedback, please email clickathome@.  Thank you for your participation in ClickAtHome.
The ClickAtHome Team!
__________________________________
To download the software:
1)  Visit the ClickAtHome Portal at www.clickathome.net from your ClickAtHome PC.
2)  Logon to the Portal with your personally created Portal User ID and Password, or create a new account if you have not created a user ID and password by selecting "Create a NEW Account" at the top left corner.  The Portal User IDs and Passwords are created by you.  The Enron Help Desk is not able to assist with Portal support, but if you need any assistance, please send an email to "clickathome@".
3) Once you have logged on, select "Tools" from the top menu bar.
4) Under the "Secure Download" heading, click on "BlackICE" or "Norton" and log on to the download page using your SAP ID and Date of Birth.
5) Follow the directions provided on screen.
I want the deep tissue massage. Thank you 
Here is the link to the spa.  I've booked the four of us in for a massage at 3 pm.  Let me know if you'd like to try something other than the massage.
See you soon, 
Michelle 
Michelle Brown 
Southern California Gas Company 
(213) 244-3904 ph 
(213) 244-8284 fax 
I was talking to one of my customers yesterday, and they said that Southern California Gas Co. recently made a filing to revive unbundling of their system.  Can you tell me if that is true .  Also can you tell me what the status is regarding Socal Gas purchasing natural gas for the  needs of SDGE's customers.  My customers tell me that is probably going to happen as well.
FYI.  This should be interesting.
Best,
Jeff
Today, October 9, 2001, Pacific Gas and Electric Company (PG&E) filed an
application with the California Public Utilities Commission (CPUC).
In this application, PG&E proposes a market structure and rules for the
northern California natural gas industry, beginning 
January 1, 2003.  PG&E's filing was in response to a recent Commission order
(Decision 01-09-016), which directed PG&E to file a "Gas Accord II"
application.
If you have any problems opening these documents, please contact me at (415)
973-8677.
Thank you,
John Stewart
Case Coordinator
Pacific Gas and Electric Company
(415)973-8677
jcsv@pge.com
I forwarded it to our well-head specialist Nelson Ferrious.  Thank you.
Janie:
Thought I'd include you on this Gas RFP that our Upstream Business Unit
wants us to market for wellhead gas supplies behind Florida Plant.  Let me
know if you might have some interest.  So when's the next FERC get together
for our favorite pipe?
2001.ZIP Tim
Timothy R. Miller
Asset Manager
BP Energy Company
Voice: 281-366-4965
Fax: 281-366-4932
Mobile: 281-380-0410
- BP Wellhead RFP Letter 2001.doc   - GISB Base Contract Wellhead RFP 2001.ZIP   - GISB Special Provisions_BPE Wellhead RFP 2001.doc   - GISB_all Wellhead RFP 2001.ZIP  
I did not see this.  Thank you.  I think they did a very good job in their comments.
Janie -- I assume you already knew about this, but just in case 
Attached is a draft of Richardson Energy's comments on the technical conference in El Paso's Docket No. RP00-336. The comments must be filed on Monday  October 15, 2001.
As discussed at the conference, Richardson's comments focus on opposition to El Paso's proposal to split its 6 existing pooling points into 20 points. From past discussions, we hope and anticipate that your company or client will be taking a similar position. In that regard, we are circulating these draft comments to facilitate the presentation of common positions by similarly situated parties. We hope this draft will be of help to you in preparing your comments.
Thank you.
Janie -- I assume you already knew about this, but just in case 
Attached is a draft of Richardson Energy's comments on the technical conference in El Paso's Docket No. RP00-336. The comments must be filed on Monday  October 15, 2001.
As discussed at the conference, Richardson's comments focus on opposition to El Paso's proposal to split its 6 existing pooling points into 20 points. From past discussions, we hope and anticipate that your company or client will be taking a similar position. In that regard, we are circulating these draft comments to facilitate the presentation of common positions by similarly situated parties. We hope this draft will be of help to you in preparing your comments.
Thank you.
Come by anytime after 10:00 on any day..  I will be on vacation on Thurs and Friday though.
I am traveling on Wednesday so I willnot be able to attend the meeting
Hello everyone.  I've contacted you all because Regulatory Affairs (Becky and I) are attempting to stop sending you so much paper.  Our goal is to still keep you all informed but in a more effective, efficient, and timely manner.  This is where Livelink comes in.  Livelink is a web-based tool that you all will be able to enter from the Govt.Affairs homepage.  In Livelink, there will be the filings, maps, rate increases, etc. that we usually send you via interoffice mail.  In addition, the files from the file room will eventually be added.
Livelink is only going to be as successful as what's put into it.  This is where you and your group comes into play.  Becky and I don't want to put "junk" into it.  We want what's relevant to you and your team.  Of course, this is all relative.  What's important to one person and/or group is not going to be high priority to another. 
We will have a meeting Wednesday, the 17th to meet and discuss what's in livelink and look to you all for your valuable input on what you would like to see that's relevant to your team.  Please reply to the invite and/or send comments.
Thanks,
Melinda
Hey Jane.  Thanks for responding.  If you can think of anything you would like to see discussed or you have someone on your desk that can attend, that would be great.  I haven't heard from Stephanie yet, but she's on your desk, isn't she?
Melinda
I am traveling on Wednesday so I willnot be able to attend the meeting
Hello everyone.  I've contacted you all because Regulatory Affairs (Becky and I) are attempting to stop sending you so much paper.  Our goal is to still keep you all informed but in a more effective, efficient, and timely manner.  This is where Livelink comes in.  Livelink is a web-based tool that you all will be able to enter from the Govt.Affairs homepage.  In Livelink, there will be the filings, maps, rate increases, etc. that we usually send you via interoffice mail.  In addition, the files from the file room will eventually be added.
Livelink is only going to be as successful as what's put into it.  This is where you and your group comes into play.  Becky and I don't want to put "junk" into it.  We want what's relevant to you and your team.  Of course, this is all relative.  What's important to one person and/or group is not going to be high priority to another. 
We will have a meeting Wednesday, the 17th to meet and discuss what's in livelink and look to you all for your valuable input on what you would like to see that's relevant to your team.  Please reply to the invite and/or send comments.
Thanks,
Melinda
Thank you for the invitation but I already have other obligations during this time so I will not be able to attend.
You have been selected to attend the Transwestern customer meeting in November.  Review the attachment below for details.  Please indicate whether you will attend, specifiy date of attendance, or whether you will not attend in a email to ava.garcia@ or phone at 713-853-5842.
in November.
I felt really bad when I left early on Friday because I forgot to wish you good luck and give you a hug. I hope you will be very happy in your new endeavors.  You made the right decision.  I am sure you will be very happy in your new career.  I hope to read about you in some of my women's magazines.
I am planning to attend the meeting and will send you a copy of the hand-outs. I am sorry I will not get an opportunity to meet you.
Hi Jane:
I'd planned to attend SoCal's meeting on Thursday, but it now appears I may have a conflict.  Do you plan on attending?  If so, could you gather up an additional set of anything they hand out for me?  Given the controversy around SoCal's "windows," it will be interesting to see how this works out.
Best,
Jeff
Attached is a summary of my notes at the Socal meeting regarding revised window procedures.  No hand-outs were provided.
Calculation of Receipt Point Capacity
Topock  540 mmcf/d
Ehrenberg 1250 mmcf/d
Needles 800 mmcf/d
Wheeler 800 mmcf/d
New Receipt Points
Kramer Junction 200 mmcf/d
Hector Rd 50 mmcf/d
Both will be available around Feb 1
Basis of Pro-Ration-Current Windows Calculation
Currently, Gas Control provides total receipt point capacity comprised of demand forecast and injection capability and compares to maximum amount of gas that can enter system.  Gas Select prorates interstate's receipt capacity based on prior day's nominations.
New Calculation, Changes and Display
Based on operational maximum with adjustments for maintenance.  SoCal ist aking and applying the current formula for Wheeler Ridge to all the points.  Any changes to operational maximum will probably be due to maintenance and posted on Gas Select.  Customer will choose which points it wants to reduce receipts.  Operating maximums will equal demand forecast plus injections.  Demand forecast will rely on Gas Control weather forecast.  They use Weather Bank as one of their tools.
OFO Declaration
Name changes from overnomination
Can declare before any Cycle
Provide 2 hour notice
Post on Gas Select
Show OFO Calculation on Gas Select
Windows
Reason to set windows was to set limits to prevent too much gas from coming into system
Calculation based on noms which does not work well.  Lots of complaints.   People were complaining that it restricted access to the system.  Eliminating point specific calculation.  Open system to Max Oper. Limits or Contractual Limits.   Will continue to operate Wheeler Ridge under Aug 1 procedures.  No changes to Wheeler Ridge Due to the need to maintain operational control, an OFO will be declared when scheduled volumes are greater than the max operating capacity on any cycle Replace windows with operational maximum volumes.  If  CPUC approves comprehensive settlement, will post 5 days of information to anticipate OFO's
Now customers will elect which point they will back off instead of using windows.
Scheduling Changes-Nov 1
Gas Select is being rebuilt and will be an internet system in mid-2002 .  No direct dial-up Rollover noms-noms will be copied from cycle to cycle
Copy confirmed noms
All noms will be rolled over-will not be at discretion of 3rd party.  However, can still make  changes.  Can still upload new files.
2 Hour Notice
Socal will provide 2 hour notice on  Gas Select of OFO.  Other methods include leaving message on Socal Hotline (213-244-3900) and list of e-mail messages that can go directly to pagers.  Gas Select is official notification.  Courtesy notification is hot line and e mail.  Gas Select is a subscriber- based system mandated by CPUC and must get regulatory change to make free.
OFO's are going to be system wide and not customer specific.  OFO's can be declared intraday.  Once OFO declared, it will be kept for entire day.  Concerned that if call off, will have to put back on.  Don't want to go back and forth.  This decision may be reconsidered once they see how it works.  Many times Socal see an increase of 200 mmcf/day between Cycle 3 and 4 so they are concerned 
Scheduled vs. Capacity-Declare OFO
Nominations may not exceed 110% of expected usage Expected Usage is defined as usage for the same day for the prior week.  Can revise expected usage.
No interruptible storage injections allowed during OFO.
Use Elapsed Pro-Rata Rules
Expected Usage-cut nominations to 110% of expected usage so will use same day  of the prior week as proxy.  Generators need to revise expected usage.  Acceptance of changes are at the discretion of SoCal.
Flow Day Diversions don't go into effect until after Cycle 4.  Gas Control will determine if flow day diversion will be allowed If call OFO after cycle 3 or 4 and have interruptible storage injections, such storage will be prorationed back under the elapsed prorata rules.
Many people were concerned that interruptible storage will be severely compromised If OFO called , Interruptible Storage could be cut under the elapsed prorata rules as follows:
Cycle 1    Nom 1000  ; 0 cut
Cycle 2 Nom 1000; 666 cut
Cylce 3 Nom 1000; 500 cut
Windows will only be implemented during cycle 4 if OFO callled after cycle 3 and no improvement is realized.  Will allocate prorata.  Will use latest scheduled volume and will pro rate by receipt point.  In other words, if OFO declared during Cycle 1 and no relief after 3 cycles, Socal will window Cycle 4 and prorata cut. Parties will determine what gets cut on all the other cycles. For penalty purposes, actual burn from 12 o'clock to 12 o'clock will be used to calculate penalties or MAXDQ if not metered For OFO, assume supply delivereis day before and burn is the same day for the prior week.  Declare OFO on prior day's scheduled volume.
For an evening declaration-will use most recent available scheduled volumes.  For example:
Flow Day 10/4                10/3 Scheduled Volumes
Cycle 1                                    Cycle 2
Cycle 2                                     Intraday 1
Cycle 3				evening cyle 2 on 10/4
Cycle 4                                     Intraday 1 on 10/4
In other words, will look at evening cycle 2 scheduled volumes on the 3rd for declaring OFO on cycle 1 for the 4th.; look at intra day 1 for the 3rd in declaring OFO for cycle 2 on the 4th;  look at evening cycle 2 on 10/4 in declaraing OFO for Cycle 3 on the 4th;  look at intraday 1 on the 4th in declaraing OFO on cycle 4 for the 4th.
Winter Balancing Rules
Effective Nov 1-March 31
No changes.
All customers must comply.
Minimum delivery requirements
50% of daily usage over 5 day period; (Nov 1-5;6-10;)
70% of daily usage depending on storage level
70% daily usage implemented when storage levels equal 20 bcf above peak day min
90% of daily usage depending on storage level
90% rule implemented when storage levels equal 5 bcf  plus peak day min.
Look at storage graph on Gas Select.  Posted 24 hours in advance if the minimum daily is changed.  If go to 70% , current 5 day cycle must end completely, before new % goes into effect.
Must increase storage inventory by 1 bcf above the 70% before going back to 50% rule.
Once 90% rule implemented, will return to 70% as soon as operationally feasible,
Contracted Marketer's customer usage and delivereies are aggregated in one balancing account.
Core Aggregation-subject to 50% daily throughout entire winter period based on DCQ Core-50% of daily throughput for the enitre period,; (Patrick Brown group)
Not subject to 70% and 90% rules.
2 types of gas count toward daily obligation- firm storage withdrawal and flowing gas.  As-available storage and imbalance trading do not count.
Burn=measured daily usage thru electronic measurement,
Min DQ-used if customer does not have electronic measurement.
Customer assessed  GIMB charge if total deliveries is less than 50% of total burn over 5 day period.  Customer purchases gas at daily balancing stand-by rate under  G IMB Rate Schedule which is 150% of highest Socal Border price per NGI Gas Daily plus franchise fees and other charges.  Rate is posted at end of every month.
OFO can be declared during undernom season (winter season)
I made a few changes.  Please use this version.  Janie, if you are satisfied as it is, please run it by Mike, Barry and Stephanie.  I didn't realize it was due tomorrow until this afternoon (I was operating under the assumption that it was due 10/25 - don't know why!).  I'm not sure we can file it electronically, so it may have to be e-mailed to the D.C. office.  If so, we would need the final copy by 2:00.
Thanks.
Here is the draft.
thank you.
The Capitol Connection is pleased to announce that it will broadcast (via
the internet and telephone Only) the following Federal Energy Regulatory
Commission Special Meetings:
Friday, October 26, 9.30 a.m. ET
Topic: Interstate Natural Gas Facility Planning Seminar, Presentation of
Staff Findings
Monday, October 29, 1:00 p.m. ET
Topic: Technical Conference Concerning West-Wide Price Mitigation for
Winter Season & Procedures for seeking participation
If you have an annual subscription to the Capitol Connection internet
service, these meetings are included in the annual fee.  Please contact us
if you are interested in signing up for either of these meetings or want to
get an annual subscription to our internet service.
The Capitol Connection offers FERC meetings live via the Internet, as well
as via Phone Bridge, and satellite, please visit our website at
www.capitolconnection.org  information. If there is a meeting you are interested in receiving, please
call 703-993-3100.
David Reininger
Meeting dates and times are subject to change without notice. For current
information, you can go to our website at www.capitolconnection.org <  and
select the FERC link or you can go to the FERC web page at www.ferc.fed.us The FERC Office of the Secretary can be reached at 202.208.0400.
Jeff-can you review this and let me know what you think.  Please initial and send back if you think it's ok as is.  Plsease advise by Nov 5. Thank you.
Dear Potential Gas Supplier
As some of you may know our authority to buy gas off our existing spot agreement
will come to an end on December 31, 2001.  While we will honor current
commitments for gas to be delivered after that date, but we will not be able to
use the spot agreement to buy any more gas.  The reason that this is happening
is that our City Attorney has interpreted the new City Charter as not allowing
delegations of authority such as employed in the way we buy gas now.
We are seeking approval for an ordinance which must be approved by the City
Council that will restore our former ability to buy gas with the kind of
agreement most gas suppliers are familiar.  We have the ordinance approved by
the City Attorney and it will shortly be in the pipeline for approval by our
Board and the City Council, but until then, this contract is a stop gap to keep
us operating.
I've attached the new contract and a cover letter which explains what we are
doing.  The deadline is November 8, 2001 at 4:00 PM.  We will take the executed
contracts to our Board with the counterparties listed on a Board Resolution and,
if it is approved, we will be allowed to buy gas from this group after the new
year begins.  This is not the ideal contract but one we feel our Board will be
comfortable with until we can get around the Charter problem.  I can't make any
changes to this contract.  There is a notice published in the LA Times about the
availability of the contract but I am sending it to you directly as someone we
have already done business with (and undoubtedly have satisfied all our
boilerplate requirements) and will probably be interested in what we are trying
to do here.
I Hope most of you will respond.  Thanks
(See attached file: Spot Gas Cover Letter.doc)(See attached file: New Spot Gas
Contract.doc)
- Spot Gas Cover Letter.doc 
- New Spot Gas Contract.doc 
I have not done any deals with Sierra Pacific but will pass on to Steve South.
Hi Jane,
According to my contact at Sierra Pacific/Nevada Power, the deals you're doing with them should be with Nevada Power , not Sierra Pacific.  For Sept, the deal #s I see are 737918, 796406,and 1043833.  Is there any reason why we can't change the counterparty name in Sitara to Nevada Power?
Thanks
Darla Saucier 
x3-4561 
He is a cutie.  You will be happy with me.  I got some San Diego stuff for you.  I am going to call you tomorrow to ride in with me on Wednesday.  I will give the info to you then.
here's Dan...hope you had a wonderful 2nd honeymoon 
Lucy Marshall
Executive Assistant
Office 713-853-4525
Fax     713-345-7864
Cell     713-417-7802
lucy_marshall@.net
Lucy,
Pictures from Frank
Very handsome boy!
Hi Jane,
According to my contact at Sierra Pacific/Nevada Power, the deals you're doing with them should be with Nevada Power , not Sierra Pacific.  For Sept, the deal #s I see are 737918, 796406,and 1043833.  Is there any reason why we can't change the counterparty name in Sitara to Nevada Power?
Thanks
Darla Saucier 
x3-4561 
Texas Monthly 	
Click the following to access the sent link:	
<  Monthly November 2001: How Enron Blew It   	 SAVE THIS link < 	 FORWARD THIS link  	
Please note, the sender's email address has not been verified.	
Get your EMAIL THIS Browser Button and use it to email information from any Web site    
Do you have a problem doing this?  We would just change the description  at  Socal KRS to inlcude this point.
Janie
As we discussed, we would like you to consider adding the OXY point for Elk
Hills deliveries into SOCAL at the Gosford intertie to the "NGI Socal/PG&E
KRS" physical point. If you look on SOCAL's System Operations report our
deliveries are listed as "Elk Hills - Gosford Intertie". Our flows on this
pipeline typically range from 80MM to 165MM/day.
Our gas from  this point interconnects with the PG&E Kern River station gas
that then is delivered through Wheeler Ridge into SOCAL.
Separately we would also be very interested in an SOCAL In state Production
point on Enron OnLine.
Pat Mulhern
Patty Sullivan
713-853--0494 work number
713-646-2626 fax number
patti.sullivan@
Janie, how are things going for you??  I hope encouraging!!  We have some
new in-house systems close to being in place, and  I am updating all of my
Transportation Contracts.  Please give me the current name, phone, fax and
e-mail address for the main dispatch/nomination person.
Thanks,
A. Lindsey McMurray
Senior Transportation Contract Rep.
505-241-2686
Cell 505-220-2662
Fax 505-241-2339
- C.DTF  
Are you feeling better today?
Cute Thank you note, Janie dear 
Hello!  jane.m.tholt@ has just sent you an Egreetings.com card!
To view your greeting, simply click on this pickup window link:
If your e-mail doesn't recognize the above address as a link, simply copy
and paste it in your browser address window.
If you need further help, visit our Help pages at
Your Friends at Egreetings.com
thanks
Executive Assistant to Jim Fallon
Office of the Chairman
Enron Broadband Services
Office 713-853-4525
Fax    713-345-7864
Cell    713-417-7802
lucy.marshall@
281-855-4238
Janie,
Not sure what's going to happen, but as discussed, attached is my resume.  Can I get you home number again... mine is 281-357-5556. 
Take care,
Lucy
Executive Assistant to Jim Fallon
Office of the Chairman
Enron Broadband Services
Office 713-853-4525
Fax    713-345-7864
Cell    713-417-7802
lucy.marshall@
what's the message
Why can't you find them in sitara?
Janie,
Do you please have a deal number for the below deal with Kristann Shireman from EES 04/11/01 ?
Your help is greatly appreciated !
Thanks,
Ellen
x54099
Judy Dyer@EES
05/10/2001 10:32 AM
This is the deal with Janie Tholt we have been waiting for.  This is the E-mail from her to our trader.
Thanks
Kristann Shireman
05/10/2001 10:30 AM
Jane M Tholt@ECT
04/11/2001 10:25 AM
San Juan Blanco
May-Dec 2001-5000 /day  +.02
Calendar 2002:  4800/day  +.0225
Calendar 2003 500/day +.0225
Calendar 2004 175/day +.0225
Calenar 2005 250/day +.0225
Permian Basin/Keystone
Calendar 2003 1300 /day +.03
Calendar 2004  +.03
Calendar 2005  +.03
Calendar 2006  +.03
Calendar 2007 +.03
Caelndar 2008 +.03
Calendar 2009 +.03
Calendar 2010 +.03
PGE Citygate
June 2001-Oct 2001+.12
Nov 2001-Mar 2002 +.14
Calendar 2003 +.12
Calendar 2004 +.11
Calendar 2005 +.09
Calendar 2006 +.07
Calendar 2007 +.06
Calendar 2008 +.06
Calendar 2009 +.06
Calendar 2010 +.06
Jan 2011-Mar 2011 +.06
Socal Border-non Wheeler Ridge
Cal  Year 2006-2010  +.08
can't access the document-can you resend it to me
Jane, FYI.  We have faxed a copy to Documentation & Deal Clearing per the contract. 
Judy Delgadillo 
Southern California Gas Co. 
Major Markets Credit & Collection 
555 W. 5th St.-ML11E2 
Los Angeles, CA  90013 
(213) 244-4343 
fax (213) 244-8316 
- Enron 11-29-01  
We can not pay any deposits
Good morning Janie, I hope things are going okay for you, I know this is a
trying time.  I needed to contact you and see if there is a remote chance
A. Lindsey McMurray
Public Service Company of New Mexico; PNM Gas Services
Senior Transportation Contract Rep.
505-241-2686
Cell 505-220-2662
Fax 505-241-2339
- C.DTF  
Internet Mail Message
Received from host:      pimout2-ext.prodigy.net
_________________________________________________________________
MSN Photos is the easiest way to share and print your photos:
What is the term of the deal and we need to address different weekend volumes
It is summer again and the gas pricing in place between Harbor and Enron no longer represents the market value of the product.  In talking to the gas desk, the new pricing we propose to be effective on June 1 will be:
Demand Charge of $.25/MMBtu times 16,000 MMBtu/d
Commodity Charge of Gas Daily Mid times usage.
I believe this pricing represents the bid in the market for service provided.  I will call you to discuss this important issue. 
Thanks for your help.
Chris
Full Name: Jane Marie Tholt
Login ID:  jtholt
Extension:  35539
Office Location:  eb3209c
What type of computer do you have?  (Desktop,  Laptop,  Both)  desktop
Do you have a PDA?  If yes, what type do you have:   (None, IPAQ, Palm Pilot, Jornada)  no
Do you have permission to access anyone's Email/Calendar? no
If yes, who 
Does anyone have permission to access your Email/Calendar?  no
If yes, who 
Are you responsible for updating anyone else's address book?  no
If yes, who 
Is anyone else responsible for updating your address book?  no
If yes, who 
Do you have access to a shared calendar     If yes, which shared calendar?  west desk calendar
Do you have any Distribution Groups that Messaging maintains for you (for mass mailings     If yes, please list here:  no
Please list all Notes databases applications that you currently use 
In our efforts to plan the exact date/time of your migration, we also will need to know:
Will you be out of the office in the near future for vacation, leave, etc?
If so, when?        From (MM/DD/YY):  05/13/01    To (MM/DD/YY):   05/16/01 
I don't need an entire table but will share.  Could use 3 or 4 seats.
The 2001 Nutcracker Market Fashion Show and Luncheon will take place on Thursday, November 8.  Preliminary agenda is listed below:
9:00am - Priority Shopping
10:15am - Seating
10:30am - Fashion Show
11:15am - Luncheon
Please let me know if you would be interested in obtaining a table (accommodates 10 people) for this event and I will check availability.
Pricing:
$2,500 - Runway Table
$2,000 - Table
$1,500 - Table
$1,000 - Table
Thanks.
Dorie Hitchcock
Events Manager
Enron
1400 Smith Street, EB 3640a
Houston, TX  77002
Office  (713) 853-6978
Fax  (713) 646-5800
Cell  (713) 594-7093
E-Mail - dorie.hitchcock@
I f there is nothing new to discuss we can cancel but I would like to know what is on the Commisssion's Agenda for next when you get it.  Thanks.  Also, the next time Leslies come to town, maybe we can all go to lunch.
Janie - are you planning to have the West Desk Regulatory Meeting tomorrow at 2:30?  I don't have anything of substance to talk about, unless FERC puts the El Paso proceedings on the agenda for next week.
What a cutie
Here is a picture that my dad took of Matthew while we were trying to get
him into his costume tonight.  Nevermind how bad I look....Hopefully we will
have some good ones of him with his head piece on too when I get the other
pix developed!  This is all I have for now...He had so much fun!
Cheri
- Matthew 103101.jpg  
yep but there area lot of people that are hurting right now
Thanks Janie!!!!  Are you just loving the fact that you had sold all of your
stock or what 
What a cutie
Today we announced another positive development in our efforts to regain shareholder and market confidence, strengthen our balance sheet and help maintain our credit rating.
We have executed a commitment letter with two of our longstanding banking partners, JPMorgan (the investment banking arm of JPMorgan Chase & Co.) and Salomon Smith Barney (the investment banking arm of Citigroup Inc.), that will provide us with additional secured credit lines worth $1 billion.  Our Northern Natural Gas Company and Transwestern Pipeline Company will support these assets.  The proceeds will be used to supplement short-term liquidity and to refinance maturing obligations.
The pipelines are not being sold.  Enron is only using these assets for this new credit line.  Secured financing like this provides an expeditious way to increase liquidity and restore confidence.  We also have the capacity to increase this facility by an additional $200 million if we bring in additional banks to participate.
This money is in addition to the $3 billion in our credit lines we accessed last week to pay off short-term commercial debt and keep more than $1 billion in cash.
I know it is discouraging to read the negative media coverage about our company.  On a positive note, there was an editorial in last Sunday's Houston Chronicle that I want you to read:  <   This is an extremely difficult time for everyone and I appreciate everything you do for Enron.
Don't forget to read our voice mail and e-mail transcripts covering these developments on the Enron Updates intranet site at 
Thank you.
if it doesn't work out next week -we can do it another time as well
Leslie will be here next week (Tues & Wed).  She'll probably be getting in too late for lunch on Tuesday.  If you're here on Wednesday, I'll check and see if she would be available.  She usually gets scheduled up pretty heavy when she's here, but I haven't checked on her schedule for Wednesday.  I know she and I have a lot to go through.
I f there is nothing new to discuss we can cancel but I would like to know what is on the Commisssion's Agenda for next when you get it.  Thanks.  Also, the next time Leslies come to town, maybe we can all go to lunch.
Janie - are you planning to have the West Desk Regulatory Meeting tomorrow at 2:30?  I don't have anything of substance to talk about, unless FERC puts the El Paso proceedings on the agenda for next week.
Thought you would get a kick out of the fact that Christie Nickels(spelling?) came down today to attend our regulatory meeting.  I told her that things were hot and heavy for the last 4 weeks and have slowed down so we cancelled the meeting.  I felt like saying g Where the hell hav eyou been?
ok with me.  Thanks
Just talked to Leslie - she can do lunch on Wednesday, so go ahead and put it on your calendar.  Let's say 11:30, if that's okay with you 
Believe it or not, I have booked my trip to London and Paris.  I am coming out there around October 4 with my freind Deb and her freind Christie.  We are staying at Mark Frevert's flat.  Hopefully, we can get together for lunch or dinner during that time.  I'll get back to you in a couple of months wonce I know more about our plans 
Just a reminder that I asked for your comments back to me today.  Thanks
Dear Potential Gas Supplier
As some of you may know our authority to buy gas off our existing spot agreement
will come to an end on December 31, 2001.  While we will honor current
commitments for gas to be delivered after that date, but we will not be able to
use the spot agreement to buy any more gas.  The reason that this is happening
is that our City Attorney has interpreted the new City Charter as not allowing
delegations of authority such as employed in the way we buy gas now.
We are seeking approval for an ordinance which must be approved by the City
Council that will restore our former ability to buy gas with the kind of
agreement most gas suppliers are familiar.  We have the ordinance approved by
the City Attorney and it will shortly be in the pipeline for approval by our
Board and the City Council, but until then, this contract is a stop gap to keep
us operating.
I've attached the new contract and a cover letter which explains what we are
doing.  The deadline is November 8, 2001 at 4:00 PM.  We will take the executed
contracts to our Board with the counterparties listed on a Board Resolution and,
if it is approved, we will be allowed to buy gas from this group after the new
year begins.  This is not the ideal contract but one we feel our Board will be
comfortable with until we can get around the Charter problem.  I can't make any
changes to this contract.  There is a notice published in the LA Times about the
availability of the contract but I am sending it to you directly as someone we
have already done business with (and undoubtedly have satisfied all our
boilerplate requirements) and will probably be interested in what we are trying
to do here.
I Hope most of you will respond.  Thanks
(See attached file: Spot Gas Cover Letter.doc)(See attached file: New Spot Gas
Contract.doc)
- Spot Gas Cover Letter.doc 
- New Spot Gas Contract.doc 
I am good to go.  Kim is a maybe now.  I got a card in the mail that everyhting is 50-75% off.  Sale starts at 9:00
It looks like Saturday, November 10 will work for everyone
to celebrate Janie's birthday and shop a little.  Let me know
if November 10 doesn't work.  Thanks!
Gretchen
Julia and Dave are out.  Neil is in.  I e-mailed Rock in Arizona but I do not expect him to come.
Friends of Deb  
Bill Allison has arranged a fabulous SURPRISE SURPRISE SURPRISE birthday party for Deb MacDonald.  Hopefully, Steve or janie or Bill have already contacted you, but in the overabundance of making sure Deb's surrounded by all her favorite people, here are the details:
IT'S  A  SURPRISE PARTY  
FRIDAY,  NOVEMBER 9TH  [her REAL birthday 7 p.m.  [don't be late Vallone's Restaurant
2811 Kirby Drive [713-526-2811]
It's a special numbered birthday, but we'll let her share exactly how 'special                                         in any case, presents,both serious and fun, will add to the evening, so bring 
something you think she'll enjoy!!
REMEMBER...IT'S A SURPRISE  
Bill would also like to include Julia White and Dave Schafer, Sherry Rutheford, Rock and Jetta, and Deb's California friend Deborah Ortman and her husband Ed.  I left Deborah and Ed a message and will likely hear back from them tonight.  I will also try to track down Sherrie.
Janie, have you connected with Julia/Dave  or Rock/Jetta? Please let me know if you want me to call them.
Also, I know Janie, Steve and I have confirmed.  Neal/guest, Maria/Larry and Leslie/Bob, are you guys all in??
This is going to be an especially wonderful event for our most 'specially wonderful and dearest friend....can't wait  
Please let me hear from everyone.
Thanks!!
--Christie.
The attached document is being forwarded at the request of Jeff Hodge.
Joanne Rozycki
Senior Administrative Assistant
Thank you for your comments.
The attached document is being forwarded at the request of Jeff Hodge.
Joanne Rozycki
Senior Administrative Assistant
I agree with your invitation list.  This is Deb's closest circle of friends and she would not want it to be any bigger.  I'm glad you included Maggie and Nora becasue I was thinking about them today as well 
O.K.....I talked to both Steve and Melissa; Melissa talked to Deborah Ortman (she cannot make it); I received an Email from Maria (she'll very likely NOT make it);  I found out Sherrie is at Cynergy in Cincinnati, so I'll give that one more try.
So, the "final" list for Friday is:
Deb and Bill
Melissa and Steve
Janie and husband (so sorry I cannot remember his name, Janie)
Neal
Nora and Maggie
Christie and Ed.
Bill, do you want to call Vallones and change the count to "11"?  Let me know if you want me to do it.
By the way, Melissa completely agrees that the group we have coming, along with those invited but unable to attend, is THE list Deb would want included, so no need to expand the invitation list. Janie, agree?
I'll let you know if I reach Sherrie.
Best!
--Christie.
Hi!!   I left 2 messages for Deborah Ortman and her husband Ed Scott, but no word yet.  I think I have her eMail at my house--I'll get it during lunch and try her that way.     I have not heard from Maria, but I'm sure I will today.  Leslie wrote she's unlikely to be able to pull it together to be here. I have not been able to find a number for Sherrie Rutherford but am still trying.  Right now, it looks like:
Deb and Bill
Steve and Melissa
Janie and husband
Neil (no guest)
Christie and Ed.
I think the original list of guests is her list of closest friends that she would enjoy sharing the night with.  This may sound odd, but I think she would really enjoy having the Maggie and Nora, Steve and Melissa's girls there--they are very very close and spend much weeekend time together..and they are a little older (13 and 14 i think)--I just mentioned it to Steve and he a said that would be great--I'll call Melissa.
Other than her family, (and though maybe a nice thought, may be too much of a surprise for her, and pretty extreme for us to pull together at the last minute), I think, with the addition of the girls, it will be a wonderful group of 11...and likely those who cannot attend will send a note or call, so evryone she'd want there, will be there, in one way or another.
I think a photographer would be great, for maybe an hour or so.
What do you and Janie think?
..Christie.
janie  called this am i'm wearing blazer and tie--kind of fits Vallone's i think should we  expand the invitee list ??  i just don't know many of her pals ??  do  you think we need a photographer or is that overkill ??/   respectfully Bill Allison has  arranged a fabulous SURPRISE SURPRISE SURPRISE birthday party for DebM  acDonald.  Hopefully, Steve or janie or Bill have already contacted you,  but in the overabundance of making sure Deb's surrounded by all her favorite  people, here are the details:
IT'S  A  SURPRISE  PARTY  
FRIDAY,  NOVEMBER 9TH  [her REAL  birthday 7 p.m.  [don't be  late Vallone's  Restaurant
2811 Kirby Drive  [713-526-2811]
It's a special numbered birthday, but we'll let her share exactly how  'special                                          in any case, presents,both serious and fun, will add to the evening, so bring  
something you think she'll enjoy!!
REMEMBER...IT'S A  SURPRISE  
Bill  would also like to include Julia White and Dave Schafer, Sherry Rutheford,  Rock and Jetta, and Deb's California friend Deborah Ortman and her husband  Ed.  I left Deborah and Ed a message and will likely hear back from them  tonight.  I will also try to track down Sherrie.
Janie,  have you connected with Julia/Dave  or Rock/Jetta? Please let me know if  you want me to call them.
Also, I  know Janie, Steve and I have confirmed.  Neal/guest, Maria/Larry andL  eslie/Bob, are you guys all in??
This is  going to be an especially wonderful event for our most 'specially wonderful  and dearest friend....can't wait  
Please  let me hear from everyone.
Thanks!!
--Christie.
My husband's name is Joe.
Thanks....and pllleeeeease forgive me and tell me your husband's first name (Mike??)...i only met him once, at Deb's party for Rock, but Deb talks about him ADORINGLY all the time, so I have no excuse!!!!!   Sorry!
I agree with your invitation list.  This is Deb's closest circle of friends and she would not want it to be any bigger.  I'm glad you included Maggie and Nora becasue I was thinking about them today as well 
O.K.....I talked to both Steve and Melissa; Melissa talked to Deborah Ortman (she cannot make it); I received an Email from Maria (she'll very likely NOT make it);  I found out Sherrie is at Cynergy in Cincinnati, so I'll give that one more try.
So, the "final" list for Friday is:
Deb and Bill
Melissa and Steve
Janie and husband (so sorry I cannot remember his name, Janie)
Neal
Nora and Maggie
Christie and Ed.
Bill, do you want to call Vallones and change the count to "11"?  Let me know if you want me to do it.
By the way, Melissa completely agrees that the group we have coming, along with those invited but unable to attend, is THE list Deb would want included, so no need to expand the invitation list. Janie, agree?
I'll let you know if I reach Sherrie.
Best!
--Christie.
Hi!!   I left 2 messages for Deborah Ortman and her husband Ed Scott, but no word yet.  I think I have her eMail at my house--I'll get it during lunch and try her that way.     I have not heard from Maria, but I'm sure I will today.  Leslie wrote she's unlikely to be able to pull it together to be here. I have not been able to find a number for Sherrie Rutherford but am still trying.  Right now, it looks like:
Deb and Bill
Steve and Melissa
Janie and husband
Neil (no guest)
Christie and Ed.
I think the original list of guests is her list of closest friends that she would enjoy sharing the night with.  This may sound odd, but I think she would really enjoy having the Maggie and Nora, Steve and Melissa's girls there--they are very very close and spend much weeekend time together..and they are a little older (13 and 14 i think)--I just mentioned it to Steve and he a said that would be great--I'll call Melissa.
Other than her family, (and though maybe a nice thought, may be too much of a surprise for her, and pretty extreme for us to pull together at the last minute), I think, with the addition of the girls, it will be a wonderful group of 11...and likely those who cannot attend will send a note or call, so evryone she'd want there, will be there, in one way or another.
I think a photographer would be great, for maybe an hour or so.
What do you and Janie think?
..Christie.
janie  called this am i'm wearing blazer and tie--kind of fits Vallone's i think should we  expand the invitee list ??  i just don't know many of her pals ??  do  you think we need a photographer or is that overkill ??/   respectfully Bill Allison has  arranged a fabulous SURPRISE SURPRISE SURPRISE birthday party for DebM  acDonald.  Hopefully, Steve or janie or Bill have already contacted you,  but in the overabundance of making sure Deb's surrounded by all her favorite  people, here are the details:
IT'S  A  SURPRISE  PARTY  
FRIDAY,  NOVEMBER 9TH  [her REAL  birthday 7 p.m.  [don't be  late Vallone's  Restaurant
2811 Kirby Drive  [713-526-2811]
It's a special numbered birthday, but we'll let her share exactly how  'special                                          in any case, presents,both serious and fun, will add to the evening, so bring  
something you think she'll enjoy!!
REMEMBER...IT'S A  SURPRISE  
Bill  would also like to include Julia White and Dave Schafer, Sherry Rutheford,  Rock and Jetta, and Deb's California friend Deborah Ortman and her husband  Ed.  I left Deborah and Ed a message and will likely hear back from them  tonight.  I will also try to track down Sherrie.
Janie,  have you connected with Julia/Dave  or Rock/Jetta? Please let me know if  you want me to call them.
Also, I  know Janie, Steve and I have confirmed.  Neal/guest, Maria/Larry andL  eslie/Bob, are you guys all in??
This is  going to be an especially wonderful event for our most 'specially wonderful  and dearest friend....can't wait  
Please  let me hear from everyone.
Thanks!!
--Christie.
I am reading an article in NGI that talks about how California Regulator's are scheduled to approve some form of unbundling on Socal's system.  Please provide details of this as soon as it happens.  Thank you.
Thank you.  Just let me know if it changes.
No new details to report.  Same settlement to unbundle socal that's been before the commission for about a year.  On the commission's agenda to consider, but as has been the case for over year, they've delayed any movement--at least one commissioner doesn't like competition and has the discretion to continue to ask that it be delayed.  Some hold the view that there's a push to try to get it moved, but best guess is 50-50 at this point.  Substantively, though, same thing that's been before them for a very long time, i.e., emulate PG&E's gas accord (more or less) on socal.
Best,
Jeff
I am reading an article in NGI that talks about how California Regulator's are scheduled to approve some form of unbundling on Socal's system.  Please provide details of this as soon as it happens.  Thank you.
that is so awful
- KrispyKremeCalendar2001.jpg  
you may want to call Keith Holst to get an update for the winter prices-they have really fallen in the last couple of days
Comments are due by 6/11 on the FERC order proposing to reimpose price caps on short term capacity releases into the CA markets.  This is in response to the complaints filed by SDG&E and LADWP to deal with the high gas prices in CA and both parties requested this relief.  The attached first draft is the ENA/EES response to the FERC request for comments.  Please review and return comments, etc. to me and Becky so we can coordinate the changes.  And please forward to anyone I may have left out who should have been included above.
I don't rally have an opionion-your call-just let me know what you want me to do
Janie,
On second thought, this may be a little more complicated.  So Cal wants to treat these trades as if they are a separate entity and they also do not want to include them with our monthly netout.  If this is going to happen on a go forward basis, maybe we need to get legal documentation from So Cal allowing us to setup two separate Global counterparties.  What do you think?
Thanks
Laurie
Janie, 
Can you send me an email (just something short) with the deal numbers of any future trades you make with Gwoon Tom?  Unfortunately, when you put a note in Sitara's special handling instructions, I don't get any kind of notification.  As long as I know the deals ahead of time, I can make sure they appear on separate invoices.  They also go to different internal mail locations and contacts so I have to correct that as well.
Thanks
Laurie Ellis
Specialist - Gas Settlements
Enron Net Works LLC
Phone: (713) 345-9945
Fax:  (713) 646-8420
email:  laurie.ellis@
no problem -I let Ann Bike know and thought she would handle it
Janie, 
Can you send me an email (just something short) with the deal numbers of any future trades you make with Gwoon Tom?  Unfortunately, when you put a note in Sitara's special handling instructions, I don't get any kind of notification.  As long as I know the deals ahead of time, I can make sure they appear on separate invoices.  They also go to different internal mail locations and contacts so I have to correct that as well.
Thanks
Laurie Ellis
Specialist - Gas Settlements
Enron Net Works LLC
Phone: (713) 345-9945
Fax:  (713) 646-8420
email:  laurie.ellis@
We have a deal with Gwwon this month-November.  Baseload sale at Needles for 10000/d.  Deal No.  1135697.
Janie, 
Can you send me an email (just something short) with the deal numbers of any future trades you make with Gwoon Tom?  Unfortunately, when you put a note in Sitara's special handling instructions, I don't get any kind of notification.  As long as I know the deals ahead of time, I can make sure they appear on separate invoices.  They also go to different internal mail locations and contacts so I have to correct that as well.
Thanks
Laurie Ellis
Specialist - Gas Settlements
Enron Net Works LLC
Phone: (713) 345-9945
Fax:  (713) 646-8420
email:  laurie.ellis@
This willnot happen very often.
Do you anticipate making these trades often?  If it will not be that frequent, just a notification (from you or Anne is fine) will do.  If they will be ongoing, it will probably be easier to have two separate entities set up.  My concern is the fact that they want to exclude this piece from our netting agreement.  Are you OK with that?
I don't rally have an opionion-your call-just let me know what you want me to do
Janie,
On second thought, this may be a little more complicated.  So Cal wants to treat these trades as if they are a separate entity and they also do not want to include them with our monthly netout.  If this is going to happen on a go forward basis, maybe we need to get legal documentation from So Cal allowing us to setup two separate Global counterparties.  What do you think?
Thanks
Laurie
Janie, 
Can you send me an email (just something short) with the deal numbers of any future trades you make with Gwoon Tom?  Unfortunately, when you put a note in Sitara's special handling instructions, I don't get any kind of notification.  As long as I know the deals ahead of time, I can make sure they appear on separate invoices.  They also go to different internal mail locations and contacts so I have to correct that as well.
Thanks
Laurie Ellis
Specialist - Gas Settlements
Enron Net Works LLC
Phone: (713) 345-9945
Fax:  (713) 646-8420
email:  laurie.ellis@
The FERC notice on this project has been issued and comments are due by November 21.  Do we have any interests that would warrant more than a plain intervention?  Let me know if you want a copy of the original filing, with maps, etc.
INSIDE FERC-October 29, 2001
WILLIAMS PUTS MEAT ON THE BONES OF WESTERN FRONTIER PROJECT DESIGN
Touting a need for more pipeline capacity linking the "prolific" supply basins of the central Rockies
and increasingly hungry Mid-Continent markets, The Williams Cos. Inc. last week took the next step by
filing for authorization to build and operate the Western Frontier project.
The sponsor has in hand four negotiated-rate deals for long-term service covering roughly two-thirds
of the 540,000 Dt/day of project design capacity, it told FERC in an Oct. 24 certificate application
(CP02-11). Williams wants to have the $366 million project up and running by Nov. 1, 2003; it
asked the commission to issue a final certificate by Dec. 11, 2002, so that it can commence construction
by the following April.
Williams unveiled initial plans for Western Frontier early last summer (IF, 9 July, 14) and held an open
season in June and July. To carry gas from the Power River, Big Horn, Wind River and Green River basins
- estimated to hold 173 Tcf of potential and recoverable reserves - the new 30-inch-diameter mainline
would run 398 miles, starting at the Cheyenne Hub and ending at an interconnection with the system of
affiliate Williams Gas Pipelines Central Inc. in Beaver County, Okla. Characterizing the Cheyenne Hub as
"a liquid point of supply," Williams asserted that "presently, supply capability to the hub has outpaced
transportation capacity away from the hub to market areas due to insufficient pipeline infrastructure."
Along the way, the Western Frontier mainline would make another interconnection with Williams
Central as well as with Northern Natural Gas Co., ANR Pipeline Co., Natural Gas Pipeline Co. of America
and Panhandle Eastern Pipeline Co., "thus providing multiple avenues for gas produced in the central
Rockies to be transported throughout the Mid-Continent using the existing pipeline grid."
To "further enhance its supply options," the sponsor wants to build a 9.7-mile lateral from the
mainline to the Wattenberg gas processing plant east of Denver to tap the Denver-Julesberg basin. Rounding
out the project design are two new compressor stations, the 10,000-horsepower Chalk Bluff station to
be constructed at the Cheyenne Hub and the 20,000-hp Denver station to be built in Adams County, Colo.
Following the open season, Williams hammered out precedent agreements with Marathon Oil Co.
(75,000 Dt/day), Williams Energy Marketing and Trading Co. (200,000 Dt/day), Utilicorp United Inc.
(15,000 Dt/day) and Entergy Power Generation Corp. (75,000 Dt/day). The initial term for the deals is 10
years, except for Marathon which committed to a five-year term with an option to extend it an additional
two years, said the application.
"Other shippers have expressed serious interest for the remaining capacity on Western Frontier, and
active negotiations are moving forward with these potential shippers," said the application, adding that
Williams was "confident . . . that the remaining capacity will be committed in the upcoming months."
With the addition of compression, the project could "facilitate relatively inexpensive expansions to
accommodate future market growth," the sponsor told FERC. And that may well be necessary, it continued,
pointing to "stagnant to declining supply" in the Mid-Continent basins coupled with "projected demand
increases." As in many areas of the country, "much of the anticipated demand increase is attributed to
installation and operation of . . . gas-fired electrical generation," it said. The 11,439 Mw of "active winter
generating capacity" in the combined service areas of Western Frontier and Williams Central is expected to
more than double by 2004, said Williams.
The application seeks negotiated rate authority for the project operator, Western Frontier Pipeline
Co. LLC, and approval of initial recourse rates. The maximum daily reservation rate under schedule FTS
would be 35?/Dt for contract demand in Zone 1 and 79.4?/Dt in Zone 2.
Under the negotiated deals reached with the four "anchor" shippers, Utilicorp and Entergy would pay a
combined reservation and commodity rate of 25?/Dt at a 100% load factor for Zone 1 service to the
Williams Central Hugoton station in Kansas, while WEM&T would pay a combined rate of 30?/Dt for
Zone 2 transportation to the Williams Central system in Oklahoma and Marathon would pay 32?/Dt under
the shorter contract for Zone 2 service to interconnects with ANR, Panhandle and Williams Central in
Oklahoma. All transportation would originate at the Cheyenne Hub.
Please provide us with a copy of the filing and maps.  Neutral intervention will be fine,
The FERC notice on this project has been issued and comments are due by November 21.  Do we have any interests that would warrant more than a plain intervention?  Let me know if you want a copy of the original filing, with maps, etc.
INSIDE FERC-October 29, 2001
WILLIAMS PUTS MEAT ON THE BONES OF WESTERN FRONTIER PROJECT DESIGN
Touting a need for more pipeline capacity linking the "prolific" supply basins of the central Rockies
and increasingly hungry Mid-Continent markets, The Williams Cos. Inc. last week took the next step by
filing for authorization to build and operate the Western Frontier project.
The sponsor has in hand four negotiated-rate deals for long-term service covering roughly two-thirds
of the 540,000 Dt/day of project design capacity, it told FERC in an Oct. 24 certificate application
(CP02-11). Williams wants to have the $366 million project up and running by Nov. 1, 2003; it
asked the commission to issue a final certificate by Dec. 11, 2002, so that it can commence construction
by the following April.
Williams unveiled initial plans for Western Frontier early last summer (IF, 9 July, 14) and held an open
season in June and July. To carry gas from the Power River, Big Horn, Wind River and Green River basins
- estimated to hold 173 Tcf of potential and recoverable reserves - the new 30-inch-diameter mainline
would run 398 miles, starting at the Cheyenne Hub and ending at an interconnection with the system of
affiliate Williams Gas Pipelines Central Inc. in Beaver County, Okla. Characterizing the Cheyenne Hub as
"a liquid point of supply," Williams asserted that "presently, supply capability to the hub has outpaced
transportation capacity away from the hub to market areas due to insufficient pipeline infrastructure."
Along the way, the Western Frontier mainline would make another interconnection with Williams
Central as well as with Northern Natural Gas Co., ANR Pipeline Co., Natural Gas Pipeline Co. of America
and Panhandle Eastern Pipeline Co., "thus providing multiple avenues for gas produced in the central
Rockies to be transported throughout the Mid-Continent using the existing pipeline grid."
To "further enhance its supply options," the sponsor wants to build a 9.7-mile lateral from the
mainline to the Wattenberg gas processing plant east of Denver to tap the Denver-Julesberg basin. Rounding
out the project design are two new compressor stations, the 10,000-horsepower Chalk Bluff station to
be constructed at the Cheyenne Hub and the 20,000-hp Denver station to be built in Adams County, Colo.
Following the open season, Williams hammered out precedent agreements with Marathon Oil Co.
(75,000 Dt/day), Williams Energy Marketing and Trading Co. (200,000 Dt/day), Utilicorp United Inc.
(15,000 Dt/day) and Entergy Power Generation Corp. (75,000 Dt/day). The initial term for the deals is 10
years, except for Marathon which committed to a five-year term with an option to extend it an additional
two years, said the application.
"Other shippers have expressed serious interest for the remaining capacity on Western Frontier, and
active negotiations are moving forward with these potential shippers," said the application, adding that
Williams was "confident . . . that the remaining capacity will be committed in the upcoming months."
With the addition of compression, the project could "facilitate relatively inexpensive expansions to
accommodate future market growth," the sponsor told FERC. And that may well be necessary, it continued,
pointing to "stagnant to declining supply" in the Mid-Continent basins coupled with "projected demand
increases." As in many areas of the country, "much of the anticipated demand increase is attributed to
installation and operation of . . . gas-fired electrical generation," it said. The 11,439 Mw of "active winter
generating capacity" in the combined service areas of Western Frontier and Williams Central is expected to
more than double by 2004, said Williams.
The application seeks negotiated rate authority for the project operator, Western Frontier Pipeline
Co. LLC, and approval of initial recourse rates. The maximum daily reservation rate under schedule FTS
would be 35?/Dt for contract demand in Zone 1 and 79.4?/Dt in Zone 2.
Under the negotiated deals reached with the four "anchor" shippers, Utilicorp and Entergy would pay a
combined reservation and commodity rate of 25?/Dt at a 100% load factor for Zone 1 service to the
Williams Central Hugoton station in Kansas, while WEM&T would pay a combined rate of 30?/Dt for
Zone 2 transportation to the Williams Central system in Oklahoma and Marathon would pay 32?/Dt under
the shorter contract for Zone 2 service to interconnects with ANR, Panhandle and Williams Central in
Oklahoma. All transportation would originate at the Cheyenne Hub.
Neutral intervention is fine.
Kern River recently filed an application to construct the new Kramer Junction Delivery Point in San Bernardino County, CA as an alternative to the Wheeler Ridge Delivery Point.  Maximum design capacity is approx. 500 MMcf/d into the new Adelantro Lateral, planned by SoCal Gas, and existing and prospective expansion shippers have already contracted for approx. 328 MMcf/d of firm capacity.  SoCal Gas will reimburse Kern River for the cost of construction plus associated income taxes.  Kern River asks for approval within 30 days (by the end of November).
Any issues for ENA on this project that would require more than a plain intervention?   Are we one of the shippers?
Here is a link to the main part of the application:
< 
I'm not sure I'm going to watch it.  None of the people really interest me
it's on the sasme night as Felicity
that's no fun
I'm not sure I'm going to watch it.  None of the people really interest me
I am a desperate person for entertainment-what can I say.
that is horrible - i am embarrassed for you 
it's on the sasme night as Felicity
that's no fun
I'm not sure I'm going to watch it.  None of the people really interest me
Sounds good to me as long as I have my own bathroon at the hotel in Paris.  Why does the description for the double include a shower.?  Does that mean that single rooms only have a bath tub?
Bonjour mes amies 
The hotel where I am making our reservations for in Paris can be found at the following web site: www.france-hotel-guide.com/h75006stgermaindespres2.htm      As you can see, the rates for singles are really cheap by Paris standards, and include breakfast.  Leonard and I  stayed here twice before--it's in a great location.
As I've done Normandy once before and have  good information, and as I've done Paris and London several times, if you guys want, I'll prepare a suggested itinery ,with associated costs, for the portion of the trip from London to Normandy to Paris;  then we can all look at it before making final plans.  Sound O.K 
J'espere que vous avez un jour fantastique!!!  [I hope you have a great day 
Nous pouvons avoir dejeuner quelque jours avant pour parler le francais, d'accord??  [We can have some lunches or dinners to begin practicing French before our trip, O.K 
xoxo, Mme. Christie.
Have you seen Ben on Felicity?
i don't understand how you put Felicity on the same level at TI2 
I am a desperate person for entertainment-what can I say.
that is horrible - i am embarrassed for you 
it's on the sasme night as Felicity
that's no fun
I'm not sure I'm going to watch it.  None of the people really interest me
I was looking in the TV guide and did not see where it is on this week let me know if they changed the date and time.
um.....no....sorry - i guess he is why you are watching?
aren't there good looking boys on the island?
Have you seen Ben on Felicity?
i don't understand how you put Felicity on the same level at TI2 
I am a desperate person for entertainment-what can I say.
that is horrible - i am embarrassed for you 
it's on the sasme night as Felicity
that's no fun
I'm not sure I'm going to watch it.  None of the people really interest me
Volumes are not improving.  Very diffficult to trade and balance in west..  Huge arbs between ICE and Enron ONLINE because people willnot trade with us.  Many times 10-15 cents differential between ice and enron.  This sucks.  Otherwise,  hope you have a nice day 
Made changes to 1102017 and 1111318.  Deal no 1133558 is ki8lled so not sure what needs to be checked .
Disregard last week's messages.  No changes were made.
I have received some deals that are being questioned by the c/p however:
1102017	c/p claims deal is for 8000 (rather than 5000) MMBTU for 10/31
1111318	c/p claims price is $2.47 (rather than $2.475) for 10/25
1133558	c/p claims price of $2.84 is incorrect
Please advise what changes you would like for me to make for deal validation.
Thanks
Price changed from 2.475 - 2.47 per your request.
I saw the tv advertisement last night for Temptation Island for Thursday.  I think it may conflict with Will and Grace.  Could be a tough night.
it looks to be on Thursdays at 8
I was looking in the TV guide and did not see where it is on this week let me know if they changed the date and time.
um.....no....sorry - i guess he is why you are watching?
aren't there good looking boys on the island?
Have you seen Ben on Felicity?
i don't understand how you put Felicity on the same level at TI2 
I am a desperate person for entertainment-what can I say.
that is horrible - i am embarrassed for you 
it's on the sasme night as Felicity
that's no fun
I'm not sure I'm going to watch it.  None of the people really interest me
Did you watch Ally last night?
such a tough life
I saw the tv advertisement last night for Temptation Island for Thursday.  I think it may conflict with Will and Grace.  Could be a tough night.
it looks to be on Thursdays at 8
I was looking in the TV guide and did not see where it is on this week let me know if they changed the date and time.
um.....no....sorry - i guess he is why you are watching?
aren't there good looking boys on the island?
Have you seen Ben on Felicity?
i don't understand how you put Felicity on the same level at TI2 
I am a desperate person for entertainment-what can I say.
that is horrible - i am embarrassed for you 
it's on the sasme night as Felicity
that's no fun
I'm not sure I'm going to watch it.  None of the people really interest me
Just one copy .
The filing (non-environmental only) is 384 pages.  Does everyone need a copy, or just you?
Please provide us with a copy of the filing and maps.  Neutral intervention will be fine,
The FERC notice on this project has been issued and comments are due by November 21.  Do we have any interests that would warrant more than a plain intervention?  Let me know if you want a copy of the original filing, with maps, etc.
INSIDE FERC-October 29, 2001
WILLIAMS PUTS MEAT ON THE BONES OF WESTERN FRONTIER PROJECT DESIGN
Touting a need for more pipeline capacity linking the "prolific" supply basins of the central Rockies
and increasingly hungry Mid-Continent markets, The Williams Cos. Inc. last week took the next step by
filing for authorization to build and operate the Western Frontier project.
The sponsor has in hand four negotiated-rate deals for long-term service covering roughly two-thirds
of the 540,000 Dt/day of project design capacity, it told FERC in an Oct. 24 certificate application
(CP02-11). Williams wants to have the $366 million project up and running by Nov. 1, 2003; it
asked the commission to issue a final certificate by Dec. 11, 2002, so that it can commence construction
by the following April.
Williams unveiled initial plans for Western Frontier early last summer (IF, 9 July, 14) and held an open
season in June and July. To carry gas from the Power River, Big Horn, Wind River and Green River basins
- estimated to hold 173 Tcf of potential and recoverable reserves - the new 30-inch-diameter mainline
would run 398 miles, starting at the Cheyenne Hub and ending at an interconnection with the system of
affiliate Williams Gas Pipelines Central Inc. in Beaver County, Okla. Characterizing the Cheyenne Hub as
"a liquid point of supply," Williams asserted that "presently, supply capability to the hub has outpaced
transportation capacity away from the hub to market areas due to insufficient pipeline infrastructure."
Along the way, the Western Frontier mainline would make another interconnection with Williams
Central as well as with Northern Natural Gas Co., ANR Pipeline Co., Natural Gas Pipeline Co. of America
and Panhandle Eastern Pipeline Co., "thus providing multiple avenues for gas produced in the central
Rockies to be transported throughout the Mid-Continent using the existing pipeline grid."
To "further enhance its supply options," the sponsor wants to build a 9.7-mile lateral from the
mainline to the Wattenberg gas processing plant east of Denver to tap the Denver-Julesberg basin. Rounding
out the project design are two new compressor stations, the 10,000-horsepower Chalk Bluff station to
be constructed at the Cheyenne Hub and the 20,000-hp Denver station to be built in Adams County, Colo.
Following the open season, Williams hammered out precedent agreements with Marathon Oil Co.
(75,000 Dt/day), Williams Energy Marketing and Trading Co. (200,000 Dt/day), Utilicorp United Inc.
(15,000 Dt/day) and Entergy Power Generation Corp. (75,000 Dt/day). The initial term for the deals is 10
years, except for Marathon which committed to a five-year term with an option to extend it an additional
two years, said the application.
"Other shippers have expressed serious interest for the remaining capacity on Western Frontier, and
active negotiations are moving forward with these potential shippers," said the application, adding that
Williams was "confident . . . that the remaining capacity will be committed in the upcoming months."
With the addition of compression, the project could "facilitate relatively inexpensive expansions to
accommodate future market growth," the sponsor told FERC. And that may well be necessary, it continued,
pointing to "stagnant to declining supply" in the Mid-Continent basins coupled with "projected demand
increases." As in many areas of the country, "much of the anticipated demand increase is attributed to
installation and operation of . . . gas-fired electrical generation," it said. The 11,439 Mw of "active winter
generating capacity" in the combined service areas of Western Frontier and Williams Central is expected to
more than double by 2004, said Williams.
The application seeks negotiated rate authority for the project operator, Western Frontier Pipeline
Co. LLC, and approval of initial recourse rates. The maximum daily reservation rate under schedule FTS
would be 35?/Dt for contract demand in Zone 1 and 79.4?/Dt in Zone 2.
Under the negotiated deals reached with the four "anchor" shippers, Utilicorp and Entergy would pay a
combined reservation and commodity rate of 25?/Dt at a 100% load factor for Zone 1 service to the
Williams Central Hugoton station in Kansas, while WEM&T would pay a combined rate of 30?/Dt for
Zone 2 transportation to the Williams Central system in Oklahoma and Marathon would pay 32?/Dt under
the shorter contract for Zone 2 service to interconnects with ANR, Panhandle and Williams Central in
Oklahoma. All transportation would originate at the Cheyenne Hub.
They have some cute guy lawyers this year-but I bet you probably watch that manly Monday night Football.
bits and pieces - never really got into Ally
i assume you did..
Did you watch Ally last night?
such a tough life
I saw the tv advertisement last night for Temptation Island for Thursday.  I think it may conflict with Will and Grace.  Could be a tough night.
it looks to be on Thursdays at 8
I was looking in the TV guide and did not see where it is on this week let me know if they changed the date and time.
um.....no....sorry - i guess he is why you are watching?
aren't there good looking boys on the island?
Have you seen Ben on Felicity?
i don't understand how you put Felicity on the same level at TI2 
I am a desperate person for entertainment-what can I say.
that is horrible - i am embarrassed for you 
it's on the sasme night as Felicity
that's no fun
I'm not sure I'm going to watch it.  None of the people really interest me
you should be working on your resume
actually forced myself to read last night - trying to get smart
They have some cute guy lawyers this year-but I bet you probably watch that manly Monday night Football.
bits and pieces - never really got into Ally
i assume you did..
Did you watch Ally last night?
such a tough life
I saw the tv advertisement last night for Temptation Island for Thursday.  I think it may conflict with Will and Grace.  Could be a tough night.
it looks to be on Thursdays at 8
I was looking in the TV guide and did not see where it is on this week let me know if they changed the date and time.
um.....no....sorry - i guess he is why you are watching?
aren't there good looking boys on the island?
Have you seen Ben on Felicity?
i don't understand how you put Felicity on the same level at TI2 
I am a desperate person for entertainment-what can I say.
that is horrible - i am embarrassed for you 
it's on the sasme night as Felicity
that's no fun
I'm not sure I'm going to watch it.  None of the people really interest me
My resume is finished and the job offers are pooring in
no overlap in EES - have you written yours, or are you just going to retire 
ha ha
you should be working on your resume
actually forced myself to read last night - trying to get smart
They have some cute guy lawyers this year-but I bet you probably watch that manly Monday night Football.
bits and pieces - never really got into Ally
i assume you did..
Did you watch Ally last night?
such a tough life
I saw the tv advertisement last night for Temptation Island for Thursday.  I think it may conflict with Will and Grace.  Could be a tough night.
it looks to be on Thursdays at 8
I was looking in the TV guide and did not see where it is on this week let me know if they changed the date and time.
um.....no....sorry - i guess he is why you are watching?
aren't there good looking boys on the island?
Have you seen Ben on Felicity?
i don't understand how you put Felicity on the same level at TI2 
I am a desperate person for entertainment-what can I say.
that is horrible - i am embarrassed for you 
it's on the sasme night as Felicity
that's no fun
I'm not sure I'm going to watch it.  None of the people really interest me
Can we imbalance trade this gas.  What happens when the cogen burns the gas without telling us like they have been doing.  Which desk keeps the 15000 demand charge?
Janie/Mike:
As you know, EPMI has been buying gas from the West Gas Desk for Harbor Cogen.  We dispatch this plant and buy their electricity.  Over the winter the Gas Desk was selling them (us) gas at Gas Daily Mid-Point plus $.05/MMBtu, based on consumption.  Since they have not operated that much there is not much money at stake.  With higher summer usage and the greater volatility at the border, however, this price is no longer fair for the Gas Desk 
So, a couple weeks ago, I proposed a price increase to Harbor that would have them paying Gas Daily Mid-Point plus $.15/MMBtu still based on consumption.  They have been calling around and have an alternative deal, I think with Amoco that would have them paying Gas Daily Mid Point plus $.10/MMBtu based on scheduled volumes, not consumption.  We have to decide this week if we want to keep selling them gas or let them go to Amoco.
I hate to give up business, but it seems like we should unless we get a fair price.
Attached is a summary of a new structure that I think would retain the deal.  It changes the volume from scheduled versus consumption, and has them paying index plus $.10/MMBtu.  Schedules would be due by 8:30 and the volumes could not change over weekends.  I would suggest that it is better to keep this deal if I can get them to agree to the attached structure.  Please look it over and see what you think.  I will call later today to discuss.
Chris
Salt River Project, in an effort to bring resolution to the mainline and
receipt point allocation issues pending in the above-captioned proceedings,
is filing today (and serving hard copies of) the attached "Motion of SRP for
Adoption of Strawman Alternative to March 28, 2000 Proposal of El Paso
Natural Gas Company".  Unlike any other proposal before it, it seeks to
weave into one workable solution, the concerns raised by shippers in their
initial and reply comments filed in the Order 637 proceeding, as well as
address the 3 complaints.  It is a share-the-pain proposal among CD -
Converted FR - and El Paso.  Under it, FR shippers would convert to CDs at
levels reflecting actual usage over the past 5 years, weighted to the
present. It assures each westward flowing firm shipper, based on the current
physical mainline capacity (including L. 2000), 93.1%(winter) and 94.2%
(summer) of their contractual entitlement.  On a daily basis, all westward
FT shippers are assured of receiving approximately 60% of their 93.1 and
94.2% allocation from the San Juan.  FT-2 shippers would continue to be
served off the top.  This Strawman adopts the in-line pooling methodology
set forth in SoCal Gas' initial comments.  It includes North and South
system segmentation rights, and narrowly defined demand charge credits for
unprovided capacity as long as there is a shortfall.  Provision is made to
encourage turn-back of capacity and to have capacity under expired contracts
dedicated by El Paso to meeting the approximately 7% shortfall. Provision is
also made to treat each primary delivery point as a receipt point, and to
give priority to Alternate Receipt- to- Primary Delivery point in the
systemwide scheduling process, all intended to encourage a strong
supplemental market to meet peak seasonal needs.
This Strawman Alternative is not filed as an offer of settlement, but as a
basis for a merits decision, eliminating the need for lengthy evidentiary
hearings, and providing certainty and flexibility to the system once
implemented.  Alternatively, we have left it to the Commission to decide
whether other procedures should be adopted.  Because it is a motion, it may
be responded to within 15 days of filing.  SRP strongly urges each shipper
and state commission to contact SRP for answers to any questions before
taking a position in response to the motion.  Any shipper that has questions
but does not seek answers, but merely sticks to their litigation position
will only be delaying resolution. This proposal is a viable
compromise...everyone gains and everyone loses something.  That is why it
works.  We look forward to hearing from you and reading your constructive
comments.  Joel Greene
filed 11-13.doc>>   filed 11-13 .xls>>
Energy Advocates LLP
202-371-9889
202-371-9025 (fax)
jlgreene@energyadvocates.com
- SRPstrawman.cvr.doc=20
- SRPSTrawmanfiled11-13.doc=20
- Attachment 1 filed 11-13.doc=20
- Attachments 2-12 filed11-13.ppt=20
- Attachment 13 filed 11-13 .xls
I repriced the deals  and changed them in sitara
Ms Tholt,
There are two price discrepancies with the October 2001, EPNG sales to MGI Supply Ltd. First, deal number 1077216 has a rate of $1.705 on day 10/04. MGI claims the rate should be $1.80. Secondly, deal number 1093983 has a rate of $1.785 for day 10/10. MGI claims the rate should be $ 1.775. Sitara shows Jane Tholt as the trader for deal # 1077216. Can you please research and advise?
Thanks
[Riordan, Sean  
Vi is working at Salon Picasso which at the corner of Longenbaugh and HWY 6 in the strip center where Spotz eatery is and the M&M food market.  15703 Longenbaugh.  Phone number is 281-861-9911.   She did not have your phone number so she could not call you.
Did you watch Michael Jackson yesterday?
um yeh - - me too,  can i fit in your suitcase??
My resume is finished and the job offers are pooring in
no overlap in EES - have you written yours, or are you just going to retire 
ha ha
you should be working on your resume
actually forced myself to read last night - trying to get smart
They have some cute guy lawyers this year-but I bet you probably watch that manly Monday night Football.
bits and pieces - never really got into Ally
i assume you did..
Did you watch Ally last night?
such a tough life
I saw the tv advertisement last night for Temptation Island for Thursday.  I think it may conflict with Will and Grace.  Could be a tough night.
it looks to be on Thursdays at 8
I was looking in the TV guide and did not see where it is on this week let me know if they changed the date and time.
um.....no....sorry - i guess he is why you are watching?
aren't there good looking boys on the island?
Have you seen Ben on Felicity?
i don't understand how you put Felicity on the same level at TI2 
I am a desperate person for entertainment-what can I say.
that is horrible - i am embarrassed for you 
it's on the sasme night as Felicity
that's no fun
I'm not sure I'm going to watch it.  None of the people really interest me
It was really good.  Next wek you can watch Jennfer Lopez-I bet you can watch her bits and pieces.
bits and pieces - you?
Did you watch Michael Jackson yesterday?
um yeh - - me too,  can i fit in your suitcase??
My resume is finished and the job offers are pooring in
no overlap in EES - have you written yours, or are you just going to retire 
ha ha
you should be working on your resume
actually forced myself to read last night - trying to get smart
They have some cute guy lawyers this year-but I bet you probably watch that manly Monday night Football.
bits and pieces - never really got into Ally
i assume you did..
Did you watch Ally last night?
such a tough life
I saw the tv advertisement last night for Temptation Island for Thursday.  I think it may conflict with Will and Grace.  Could be a tough night.
it looks to be on Thursdays at 8
I was looking in the TV guide and did not see where it is on this week let me know if they changed the date and time.
um.....no....sorry - i guess he is why you are watching?
aren't there good looking boys on the island?
Have you seen Ben on Felicity?
i don't understand how you put Felicity on the same level at TI2 
I am a desperate person for entertainment-what can I say.
that is horrible - i am embarrassed for you 
it's on the sasme night as Felicity
that's no fun
I'm not sure I'm going to watch it.  None of the people really interest me
no you said you watched bits and pieces
are you saying you watched mj's bits and pieces last night 
It was really good.  Next wek you can watch Jennfer Lopez-I bet you can watch her bits and pieces.
bits and pieces - you?
Did you watch Michael Jackson yesterday?
um yeh - - me too,  can i fit in your suitcase??
My resume is finished and the job offers are pooring in
no overlap in EES - have you written yours, or are you just going to retire 
ha ha
you should be working on your resume
actually forced myself to read last night - trying to get smart
They have some cute guy lawyers this year-but I bet you probably watch that manly Monday night Football.
bits and pieces - never really got into Ally
i assume you did..
Did you watch Ally last night?
such a tough life
I saw the tv advertisement last night for Temptation Island for Thursday.  I think it may conflict with Will and Grace.  Could be a tough night.
it looks to be on Thursdays at 8
I was looking in the TV guide and did not see where it is on this week let me know if they changed the date and time.
um.....no....sorry - i guess he is why you are watching?
aren't there good looking boys on the island?
Have you seen Ben on Felicity?
i don't understand how you put Felicity on the same level at TI2 
I am a desperate person for entertainment-what can I say.
that is horrible - i am embarrassed for you 
it's on the sasme night as Felicity
that's no fun
I'm not sure I'm going to watch it.  None of the people really interest me
possibly-in my old age
a little fiesty this morning??
It was really good.  Next wek you can watch Jennfer Lopez-I bet you can watch her bits and pieces.
bits and pieces - you?
Did you watch Michael Jackson yesterday?
um yeh - - me too,  can i fit in your suitcase??
My resume is finished and the job offers are pooring in
no overlap in EES - have you written yours, or are you just going to retire 
ha ha
you should be working on your resume
actually forced myself to read last night - trying to get smart
They have some cute guy lawyers this year-but I bet you probably watch that manly Monday night Football.
bits and pieces - never really got into Ally
i assume you did..
Did you watch Ally last night?
such a tough life
I saw the tv advertisement last night for Temptation Island for Thursday.  I think it may conflict with Will and Grace.  Could be a tough night.
it looks to be on Thursdays at 8
I was looking in the TV guide and did not see where it is on this week let me know if they changed the date and time.
um.....no....sorry - i guess he is why you are watching?
aren't there good looking boys on the island?
Have you seen Ben on Felicity?
i don't understand how you put Felicity on the same level at TI2 
I am a desperate person for entertainment-what can I say.
that is horrible - i am embarrassed for you 
it's on the sasme night as Felicity
that's no fun
I'm not sure I'm going to watch it.  None of the people really interest me
I am weighing ALL of my options
so - are you going to sign on with reliant or eprime or cinergy or who??
possibly-in my old age
a little fiesty this morning??
It was really good.  Next wek you can watch Jennfer Lopez-I bet you can watch her bits and pieces.
bits and pieces - you?
Did you watch Michael Jackson yesterday?
um yeh - - me too,  can i fit in your suitcase??
My resume is finished and the job offers are pooring in
no overlap in EES - have you written yours, or are you just going to retire 
ha ha
you should be working on your resume
actually forced myself to read last night - trying to get smart
They have some cute guy lawyers this year-but I bet you probably watch that manly Monday night Football.
bits and pieces - never really got into Ally
i assume you did..
Did you watch Ally last night?
such a tough life
I saw the tv advertisement last night for Temptation Island for Thursday.  I think it may conflict with Will and Grace.  Could be a tough night.
it looks to be on Thursdays at 8
I was looking in the TV guide and did not see where it is on this week let me know if they changed the date and time.
um.....no....sorry - i guess he is why you are watching?
aren't there good looking boys on the island?
Have you seen Ben on Felicity?
i don't understand how you put Felicity on the same level at TI2 
I am a desperate person for entertainment-what can I say.
that is horrible - i am embarrassed for you 
it's on the sasme night as Felicity
that's no fun
I'm not sure I'm going to watch it.  None of the people really interest me
Lucky for me that retirement is also an option
so - are you going to sign on with reliant or eprime or cinergy or who??
possibly-in my old age
a little fiesty this morning??
It was really good.  Next wek you can watch Jennfer Lopez-I bet you can watch her bits and pieces.
bits and pieces - you?
Did you watch Michael Jackson yesterday?
um yeh - - me too,  can i fit in your suitcase??
My resume is finished and the job offers are pooring in
no overlap in EES - have you written yours, or are you just going to retire 
ha ha
you should be working on your resume
actually forced myself to read last night - trying to get smart
They have some cute guy lawyers this year-but I bet you probably watch that manly Monday night Football.
bits and pieces - never really got into Ally
i assume you did..
Did you watch Ally last night?
such a tough life
I saw the tv advertisement last night for Temptation Island for Thursday.  I think it may conflict with Will and Grace.  Could be a tough night.
it looks to be on Thursdays at 8
I was looking in the TV guide and did not see where it is on this week let me know if they changed the date and time.
um.....no....sorry - i guess he is why you are watching?
aren't there good looking boys on the island?
Have you seen Ben on Felicity?
i don't understand how you put Felicity on the same level at TI2 
I am a desperate person for entertainment-what can I say.
that is horrible - i am embarrassed for you 
it's on the sasme night as Felicity
that's no fun
I'm not sure I'm going to watch it.  None of the people really interest me
price was GDA
price was at GDA for nonbondad
Jane please advise on the below deal. Thanks.
SPR
Sean, deal 1093464 is a sell to Southwest Gas for Oct-01 production.  On day 24, they show the price should be a fixed price of $2.64 (see email below).  However, we show 100% of ELPASO.SJNONBOND.GDP.  Can you please check on this for me and let me know your results?
Thanks
Laurie
Laurie, I have one problem on your invoice.  Package # Q91 (your ref 134 on 10/24 I show as a flat price of @$2.64.  I have checked here and our guys say $2.64.  Can you check your end.  No other problems.  Nancy
Does the gas desk keep the demand charge?  Also, we need to discuss-if you forget tocall.   If you forget to call, the price between the gas and power desk needs to be negotiated. Probably not a big deal in the summer but is a huge del in the winter with daily balancing.   Also, the gas desk will not be responsible for any imbalance penalties if you forget tocall.  If you forget tocall in the winter under daily balancing,  your desk will be charged my cost.   Otherwise, I think it's a go. 
Answering your 3 questions:
1.  You can imbalance trade 100% of it.  They are in your pool.
2.  Under the current structure, when we do not order gas, we buy it at that day's Gas Daily even if we forget to call.  This is bad for you guys.  Under the new structure, you only provide gas if we call 
3.  The structure we have now gives us the option to elect prior to the month for a demand charge or as a variable adder against Gas Daily.  Would it work better to have a $.10 demand charge?  That might be workable.
I need to fish or cut bait on this deal by the end of this week as I will be on vacation next week and we will need to remove them from our SoCal pool if we do not want this deal.  So, let me know if the e new structure works for you given the answer to these questions.  Call me with any more questions.
Thanks
C
Can we imbalance trade this gas.  What happens when the cogen burns the gas without telling us like they have been doing.  Which desk keeps the 15000 demand charge?
Janie/Mike:
As you know, EPMI has been buying gas from the West Gas Desk for Harbor Cogen.  We dispatch this plant and buy their electricity.  Over the winter the Gas Desk was selling them (us) gas at Gas Daily Mid-Point plus $.05/MMBtu, based on consumption.  Since they have not operated that much there is not much money at stake.  With higher summer usage and the greater volatility at the border, however, this price is no longer fair for the Gas Desk 
So, a couple weeks ago, I proposed a price increase to Harbor that would have them paying Gas Daily Mid-Point plus $.15/MMBtu still based on consumption.  They have been calling around and have an alternative deal, I think with Amoco that would have them paying Gas Daily Mid Point plus $.10/MMBtu based on scheduled volumes, not consumption.  We have to decide this week if we want to keep selling them gas or let them go to Amoco.
I hate to give up business, but it seems like we should unless we get a fair price.
Attached is a summary of a new structure that I think would retain the deal.  It changes the volume from scheduled versus consumption, and has them paying index plus $.10/MMBtu.  Schedules would be due by 8:30 and the volumes could not change over weekends.  I would suggest that it is better to keep this deal if I can get them to agree to the attached structure.  Please look it over and see what you think.  I will call later today to discuss.
Chris
yes
Do you want the package insured
So you better bet George that Joe will not go back to work for Grady-easy money for you
Also, think about goingto Palm Springs next year for golf vacation
Do you want the package insured
yes for once
therefore we are correct?
price was GDA
price was at GDA for nonbondad
Jane please advise on the below deal. Thanks.
SPR
Sean, deal 1093464 is a sell to Southwest Gas for Oct-01 production.  On day 24, they show the price should be a fixed price of $2.64 (see email below).  However, we show 100% of ELPASO.SJNONBOND.GDP.  Can you please check on this for me and let me know your results?
Thanks
Laurie
Laurie, I have one problem on your invoice.  Package # Q91 (your ref 134 on 10/24 I show as a flat price of @$2.64.  I have checked here and our guys say $2.64.  Can you check your end.  No other problems.  Nancy
probably
you would be so bored
Lucky for me that retirement is also an option
so - are you going to sign on with reliant or eprime or cinergy or who??
possibly-in my old age
a little fiesty this morning??
It was really good.  Next wek you can watch Jennfer Lopez-I bet you can watch her bits and pieces.
bits and pieces - you?
Did you watch Michael Jackson yesterday?
um yeh - - me too,  can i fit in your suitcase??
My resume is finished and the job offers are pooring in
no overlap in EES - have you written yours, or are you just going to retire 
ha ha
you should be working on your resume
actually forced myself to read last night - trying to get smart
They have some cute guy lawyers this year-but I bet you probably watch that manly Monday night Football.
bits and pieces - never really got into Ally
i assume you did..
Did you watch Ally last night?
such a tough life
I saw the tv advertisement last night for Temptation Island for Thursday.  I think it may conflict with Will and Grace.  Could be a tough night.
it looks to be on Thursdays at 8
I was looking in the TV guide and did not see where it is on this week let me know if they changed the date and time.
um.....no....sorry - i guess he is why you are watching?
aren't there good looking boys on the island?
Have you seen Ben on Felicity?
i don't understand how you put Felicity on the same level at TI2 
I am a desperate person for entertainment-what can I say.
that is horrible - i am embarrassed for you 
it's on the sasme night as Felicity
that's no fun
I'm not sure I'm going to watch it.  None of the people really interest me
I guess I was out that day and another trader did the deal and input the wrong price-so go ahead and honor their price
Jane, can you please call Mark Anderson at SWG on this price issue?  They won't budge.
Thanks
Laurie
I checked with Mark Anderson again and he says the deal was not made with Jane.  It was made with Steve South and he insisted that it be the fixed price deal of $2.64.  If Jane does not agree have her call Mark Anderson.  Nancy
Nancy, can you have your trader call our trader Jane Tholt?  She says our price is correct - I guess they need to work this one out.
Thanks
Laurie
I checked with trader and Jane Tholt says that we are correct! Price is Index not fixed price!
SPR
Sean, deal 1093464 is a sell to Southwest Gas for Oct-01 production.  On day 24, they show the price should be a fixed price of $2.64 (see email below).  However, we show 100% of ELPASO.SJNONBOND.GDP.  Can you please check on this for me and let me know your results?
Thanks
Laurie
Laurie, I have one problem on your invoice.  Package # Q91 (your ref 134 on 10/24 I show as a flat price of @$2.64.  I have checked here and our guys say $2.64.  Can you check your end.  No other problems.  Nancy 
I have no issues with these comments
Attached are comments which ENA proposes to file in response to FERC's Notice of Proposed Rulemaking establishing the right for releasing shippers to recall released capacity from the replacement shipper for nomination at each of the first three GISB prescribed nomination deadlines.  The comments support the NOPR except that we say the FERC should make it absolutely clear that the intraday recall right must be part of a specific and express agreement between the releasing and replacement shipper, and that FERC should schedule a workshop after issuing the order so that operational concerns, such as accounting and gas tracking issues, can be worked out.
Comments must be filed by Monday, so please let me know if you have any concerns or suggestions by noon CST on Friday, 11/16.  Thanks.
Here are my notes from today's call.  As with Monday, I've focused on getting them out as quickly as possible rather than taking extra time to re-organize them by subject.
Enron's business has been grouped into three buckets:  Core, Non-core, and Under Review Core:  Wholesale energy business in North America and Europe, retail energy, pipelines
Non-core:  Broadband, water, and international assets (i.e. EGAS).  Enron has approx. $8Bn in investments in these assets, and they have produced 'dismal' returns.  Enron will be exiting these businesses and will attempt to wind them up in an orderly fashion.  An aggressive divestiture program has been set in motion for these assets Under Review:  EGM, EIM.  These businesses are being closely examined to determine whether they have a reasonable chance of long-term viability.  Required resource levels are being carefully studied.  Following review, Enron will move the different portions of these businesses to core or non-core as the analysis dictates Approximately $800MM of asset sales are under contract and expected to close in the fourth quarter.  These include a gas LDC in Brazil, EcoElectrica, and our Indian E&P assets Enron is in active pursuit of an additional private equity infusion of $500MM-1Bn.  Given the current environment, raising equity in the public markets would be 'inefficient', McMahon says.
Short-term liquidity is provided by the $3Bn of credit drawn upon a few weeks ago, the $1Bn of new debt, and the $1.5Bn equity infusion from Dynegy.  Longer-term, the proceeds from the sale of PGE will provide liquidity.  Asset sales over the next year will be used to pay down debt.
McMahon described the major off-balance-sheet vehicles:
Marlin was set up to hold Azurix assets.  It was initially capitalized with $950MM of 144a debt and $125MM of equity (raised from Enron and institutional investors).  The debt is supported by the equity and by Azurix' assets.  Enron is obligated to cover any deficit at the time the debt becomes due on 3/17/03 (the 'Enron topup' obligation).  The 3/17/03 date is accelerated in the event that Enron is rated below-investment-grade by any one of the three major agencies.  The primary asset of Marlin is Wessex Water.  As long as Wessex is worth at least $2.6Bn, there will be no Enron topup required.  If we take a 25% haircut to present book value, Enron will have to provide $650MM in consideration upon retirement of the debt.  This $650MM would hit Enron cash, income, and equity balances Osprey contains energy-related assets and 'other assets'.  It was initially capitalized with $2.4Bn of 144a debt and $220MM in equity (ENE and institutionals).  As with Marlin, the entity is an asset-backed structure with an Enron topup guarantee. The debt is supported by a) the assets; b) $1Bn of convertible preferred ENE (convertible into 50MM shares of ENE common); and c) additional ENE common as needed for topup.  Assuming the same 25% hypothetical haircut to current book value, Enron would have to deliver approx. $600MM of topup funds--which would hit ENE cash, income, and equity.  The debt must be retired by 9/17/02, with the same cut-to-junk early trigger provision as Marlin Yosemite and the Credit-Linked Notes are predominantly commodity transactions entered into with 'large financial institutions'.  The underlying transactions are already on Enron's balance sheet.  McMahon says that there is no Enron share obligation related to these instruments.
Dynegy has reviewed all of these vehicles, McMahon says.
Our 10Q will be filed five days late.  The 10Q will include all of this detail regarding the off-balance-sheet vehicles.
The special committee investigation is still ongoing.  The committee meets 2-3 times/week, sometimes more often.  The outside auditors (D&T) and external counsel hired by the committee are working 'virtually 7 days a week'.  Lay estimates that it will take the committee several more weeks to complete its investigation.
McMahon says it's 'way too early to tell' if any asset writedowns are called for.  That analysis is underway, but it will not be complete for some time Osprey contains the European power projects (Trakya and Saarlux), some North American merchant investments, and some Brazilian assets Under the merger agreement, Enron cannot dispose of assets representing more than 15% of the balance sheet without Dynegy approval.  However, an appendix to the agreement holds a list of assets that are specifically permitted to be sold without Dynegy approval Broadband is expected to be fully wound up 'sometime over the course of the next year'.  (Did not catch this part clearly The ENE topup obligation for Marlin (represented by ENE common that would have to be delivered) will be converted into an obligation for an equivalent amount of DYN shares upon closing $1.9Bn of debt is carried at the Azurix level Current book value of the Osprey assets is $2.1Bn No Dynegy outs other than the previously discussed general MAC clause and the $3.5Bn legal liability clause Yosemite and the Credit-Linked notes are functionally equivalent to ENE senior unsecured debt (this section somewhat unclear).  The underlying transactions represented volumes of 'crude oil and gas'.  The transactions relate to the 'physical movement' of these commodities.  The swaps related to Yosemite and the CLNs would be financially settled Whalley was asked about the return of trading business to normal volumes.  He said that he cannot yet give an update on the progress of customers returning to our longer-term products.  Acknowledges that a few anxious customers put long-term deals on hold last week.  Says that our first focus is on getting our short-term business back up to normal levels.  It will be 'a couple of weeks' before we're able to give an update on the comfort levels of our customers regarding long-term deals with us McMahon:  There hasn't been a major relaxation of credit requirements by our customers--credit requirements continue to follow strict contractual provisions as called for in our individual agreements with our various customers.  But 'we have seen a return of some of the transactions, some of the flows.'
Whalley says that we're hoping to see a return to more normal trading levels late this week or early next week.
Lay says that cost cuts will be made across of all of our businesses.  The situation gives us an opportunity to review our entire cost structure, he says.  The cuts will certainly be deeper in our non-core businesses.  Whalley then quickly interjects (some might say interrrupts) with a clarification that there are no plans to reduce the size of our North American energy trading business.  We will be looking at, perhaps, streamlining some of our processes and making prudent adjustments, but there are no plans to reduce the size of the business.
McMahon:  "The company is overlevered; that's a fact."--hence our pursuit of additional equity.
McMahon mentions that business was better at the start of this week than at the end of last week.
ENE had approx. $1Bn in cash as of 9/30, which McMahon points out would be unusual for us 
As before, give me a call at 3-3055 if you'd like more color.
Patrick Tucker
thank you
Hey Janie, 
I mailed the clubs today through the post office.  The delivery confirmation number is  0300 1290 0007 1615 9547  and the web site to track it on is www.usps.com  or call  1-800-222-1811.  I took all the stickers off the clubs so all you have to do is take the stickers off the box then wrap it. 
Cost breakdown: 
Austad's Golf         681.56 
Post Office               16.75 
Total              698.31 
P.S.     I'll send the receipts via mail
Good luck in your new position!  I'm glad things worked out for you.
Hello.  I just wanted to tell some of my favorite people (to work with) that after today, Thursday, November 15th, I will no longer be part of the Regulatory Affairs Team.  I'm moving on to a different part of Enron, EES.  In fact, I officially start November 16th.
I really enjoyed working with/and for you guys.  I've learned quite a bit from you all and I wanted to say Thanks.
Sincerely,
Melinda
I missed half of it but it was pretty good.  Ben found out thatDFelicity cheated on him
how was felicity??
probably
you would be so bored
Lucky for me that retirement is also an option
so - are you going to sign on with reliant or eprime or cinergy or who??
possibly-in my old age
a little fiesty this morning??
It was really good.  Next wek you can watch Jennfer Lopez-I bet you can watch her bits and pieces.
bits and pieces - you?
Did you watch Michael Jackson yesterday?
um yeh - - me too,  can i fit in your suitcase??
My resume is finished and the job offers are pooring in
no overlap in EES - have you written yours, or are you just going to retire 
ha ha
you should be working on your resume
actually forced myself to read last night - trying to get smart
They have some cute guy lawyers this year-but I bet you probably watch that manly Monday night Football.
bits and pieces - never really got into Ally
i assume you did..
Did you watch Ally last night?
such a tough life
I saw the tv advertisement last night for Temptation Island for Thursday.  I think it may conflict with Will and Grace.  Could be a tough night.
it looks to be on Thursdays at 8
I was looking in the TV guide and did not see where it is on this week let me know if they changed the date and time.
um.....no....sorry - i guess he is why you are watching?
aren't there good looking boys on the island?
Have you seen Ben on Felicity?
i don't understand how you put Felicity on the same level at TI2 
I am a desperate person for entertainment-what can I say.
that is horrible - i am embarrassed for you 
it's on the sasme night as Felicity
that's no fun
I'm not sure I'm going to watch it.  None of the people really interest me
We had a great time.  Let me know when you are not too busy to have lunch with the little people.  You are the one that always cancels-remember?
Are we not buddies anymore??????????  Both Tom M. and Mcgowan talked about having lunch 
with you..................did I fall out of grace?
Be good,
Bob
I told Jeannie that we should not ask Joannie over  for Christmas.  She knows it is family tradition that we all get together.  Make her ask if she is interested.  No one else waits for an invitation.  Tired of her sorry excuses.  Some day she is going to need us and she is going to be sorry.
I ordered the pies for our big Thanksgiving day feast at Jeanies.  Wish
you could be there.  Dad is bringing the beer, he said one  12 pack
would do, I told him to bring a case, just in case someone wants more
that one can. I know that Joan is not coming to dinner.  Should we
invite her to Christmas or wait for her to call.    If you ever talk to
her, you may want to mention that her father is still alive and lives in
the same house that she was raised in.  I hope she comes for Christmas.
If she doesn't, I doubt that I will ever invite to anything again.  But
that is that fucking Links "better that everybody else"attitude.   I
might just turn that sideways and stick it up his German ass.  Hey our
stock is going up, how bout yours?
All the gas stocks getting hammered.  Natural gas is bursting at the seams.  Your bill should go way down
I ordered the pies for our big Thanksgiving day feast at Jeanies.  Wish
you could be there.  Dad is bringing the beer, he said one  12 pack
would do, I told him to bring a case, just in case someone wants more
that one can. I know that Joan is not coming to dinner.  Should we
invite her to Christmas or wait for her to call.    If you ever talk to
her, you may want to mention that her father is still alive and lives in
the same house that she was raised in.  I hope she comes for Christmas.
If she doesn't, I doubt that I will ever invite to anything again.  But
that is that fucking Links "better that everybody else"attitude.   I
might just turn that sideways and stick it up his German ass.  Hey our
stock is going up, how bout yours?
Cajun Chef-can only get it here.  Too bad.
You mean the stuff you buy or the gas that comes out of my butt after I make chili.  Speaking of chili, what does Joe put in his to spice it up.
Jane.M.Tholt@ wrote:
 All the gas stocks getting hammered.  Natural gas is bursting at the seams.
 Your bill should go way down