PRODUCT NAME, PRICE, QTY, SUBTOTAL
Attached is a blackline containing Enron Corp. comments to your latest 
draft.  Please contact Clint Freeland and me to coordinate execution Thanks.  Sara
Mary:  you may want to see the registration comments offered by Jim Armogida 
in the attached doc.  SS
Visit their website at: www.vintageestate.com
Monday, November 20, I have scheduled the following appointments:
Beginning at 4 pm:
Deb - facial, then massage
Sara- massage, then facial
Steve- massage, then 
Villagio does not have reflexology.  I didn't know if Steve wanted a facial 
(but if he does, there is no one to do the facial at 5!)
Seriously, check their website for other services for Steve (and you).  I was 
only trying to time all of our services together, but that may not be 
entirely necessary.
I don't know what time dinner is on Monday but I'm assuming it is late enough 
to allow us to change clothes and shower (and wash hair if we feel like it The spa has lot's of availability earler in the day and on Sunday.  So we can 
make changes.  This is particularly important since all changes must be made 
within 24 hours of the service or it gets charged to my credit card.  And I 
really hate unnecessary charges.
On a slightly different note, I am compiling places I'd like to visit since 
we have no itinerary.  Then we can have a tribal meeting to vote.  Big Tiger 
Feather has changed his plans to stay until Tuesday so we'll have two cars.
Bye now!  Love, Sas (the future Miss America over FFFFFFFFFFFFF)
Paul:  Please let me know if you can be available for a conference call with 
Jason on Friday to discuss Commerzbank and Morgan Stanley Cap Services Thanks.  Sara
Please reassign this file this morning and ask the responsible paralegal to 
bring the file in my office to discuss.  Thanks.  Sara
Tanya Rohauer
11/02/2000 07:36 AM
Sara,
The desk has transacted two five year swaptions.  Do you recall where we were 
on the ISDA?  Negotiations had cooled significantly in light of the 
structured Skeena deal dying; however, now may be a good tome to resurrect I have made the ISDA a condition precedent to exercise of the swaption.  I 
seem to recall the open issue was the definitions for the financial covenants 
of the MAC clause (cross border lease, etc.). I seem to recall that they 
didn't provide us with some of the definitions within the definitions.  I 
will pull my file to see if I can determine where we are.  Please let me know 
what your file indicates.
Thanks.
Paul:  We'll meet Friday at 2 pm to call Jason.  Can you come up to my 
office?  Sara
Paul Radous@
11/01/2000 05:37 PM
Yes, I am available.  Please name the time.
Paul:  Please let me know if you can be available for a conference call with 
Jason on Friday to discuss Commerzbank and Morgan Stanley Cap Services Thanks.  Sara
Paul was too nervous using the local firm of Tindall & Foster.  Kevin Zemp 
was recommended by our Calgary office.  Kevin refined the prior information 
and will "pre-clear" Paul with authorities for Paul's trip entering through 
Calgary around 8/24/99.  Do you have any comments to the new attachment?  SS
Further to your telephone conversation with Janet Burton this morning, 
attached please find a draft supporting letter for Mr. Saverance's Employment 
Authorization.  Mr. Zemp will be contacting you today to discuss the above 
matter.
.
Do you have a paralegal yet?
Sara Shackleton
11/02/2000 08:35 AM
Please reassign this file this morning and ask the responsible paralegal to 
bring the file in my office to discuss.  Thanks.  Sara
Tanya Rohauer
11/02/2000 07:36 AM
Sara,
The desk has transacted two five year swaptions.  Do you recall where we were 
on the ISDA?  Negotiations had cooled significantly in light of the 
structured Skeena deal dying; however, now may be a good tome to resurrect I have made the ISDA a condition precedent to exercise of the swaption.  I 
seem to recall the open issue was the definitions for the financial covenants 
of the MAC clause (cross border lease, etc.). I seem to recall that they 
didn't provide us with some of the definitions within the definitions.  I 
will pull my file to see if I can determine where we are.  Please let me know 
what your file indicates.
Thanks.
Sara Shackleton
11/01/2000 03:18 PM
Attached is a blackline containing Enron Corp. comments to your latest 
draft.  Please contact Clint Freeland and me to coordinate execution Thanks.  Sara
It seems as though yesterday's email didn't reach anyone.  Attached is the 
redline.  With the exception of numbers (cap, price,etc) I think we are ready 
to speak with Merrill.  Sara
Bart:
Sorry to get to you so late in the day.  I am attaching the FORM of the 
Catalytica swap and option.  I do not have executed copies.  Sara
I would like to take Friday, Dec. 8 as a vacation day.  Please advise of any 
conflicts.  Sara
Hey, Carol!  November 15 looks like a great day.  Any other day (except 
Friday) could work.  Sara
Carol St Clair
10/30/2000 10:36 AM
Sara and Mary:
Here are some dates in the next 2 weeks that work for me for lunch:
Next week - Monday, Wednesday and Friday
Week of November 13th - Monday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday
Let me know what works for you.  Look forward to hearing from you.
Carol St. Clair
EB 3892
713-853-3989 (Phone)
713-646-3393 (Fax)
carol.st.clair@
Susan:  Sorry for the delay in getting back to you.  We have agreed to delete 
the CSA and will return a blackline to you shortly.  You may recall that SITA 
expressly requested that the Enron agreement be governed by English law which 
is why we prepared this document for execution by our affiliate in London 
with the jurisdiction language appearing in the prior draft.  There are still 
issues posed by your markup and we should be able to schedule a conference 
call next week.  Thanks.  Sara  
"Susan Hopkinson"  	10/09/2000 03:27 AM
CONFIDENTIALITY This e-mail and any attachments are confidential
and may also be privileged. If you are not the named recipient,
please notify the sender immediately and do not disclose the
contents to another person, use it for any purpose, or store
or copy the information in any medium.
Further to my fax of 3 October we have SITA's instructions.
1 - Credit Support Annex :
SITA's position is unchanged. SITA does not wish to have a Credit Support 
Annex.  SITA have asked that ENRON come up with a proposal on the term and 
volume of the transactions on the basis of no Credit Support Annex.
2 - SITA does not provide investment services ancillary to its main 
activities. Do you have any news regarding ENRON on this point?
Kind  
Susan Hopkinson
In the event of any technical difficulty with this email, please contact
the sender or the London Technology Department on +44 (0) 20 7296 2000.
FYI - we will be negotiating this master.  Sara
Christian Yoder
11/02/2000 07:40 PM
Christian, these guys have their act pretty well together.  I spoke with Burt 
Dunn (his boss was also listening over Burt's shoulder and helping to confirm 
information).
Recently their Board approved a "general plan" of the transaction 
contemplated.   They did not do formal Board action in the form of a specific 
resolution, but I think the general approval will likely prove to be 
sufficient.
Here is what they are sending me:
1.  a copy of the "general plan" so that we can confirm just what the Board 
saw and what, if anything, might be seriously missing.
2.  a letter confirming the Board vote approving the "general plan."
3.  a copy of the resolution adopted by the Board several years ago exempting 
power purchase contracts from public bidding requirements.
4.  material from their Risk Management manual detailing the approval and 
individual authority to enter into provisions with regard to specific types 
of power contracts.
I asked Burt to fax these.  It may take a little while to pull it all 
together, but I expect to see it no later than early tomorrow morning.
Let me know if there is anything else on EWEB.
I just left a voicemail for Tom Grim re: Clatskanie.  I will continue to 
follow-up call him until I get a specific answer to your questions.  I 
acknowledge your 3 this afternoon deadline.
More when its available
We may find out today so hold the Master.  We are waiting for Lehman to 
revise the confirm and the Lehman trader (Paul Rosica) was going to "clean 
up" behind his attorney to make sure that there are really not any other 
changes to the Schedule!  Paul has been traveling for the last two days and 
should be back in the office today.  Clint Freeland (our trader) will let us 
know more.  SS
Stephanie Panus@
11/03/2000 08:41 AM
Sara,
We revised the Master to include the Moody's ratings.  Do I need to send it 
to Lehman or hold onto it for now?  I think you were going to call the Lehman 
trader to discuss.
Thanks.
Pat:
I will be negotiating the ISDA Master Agreement with EWEB, probably with Jmi 
Deason directly.  ENA requires that governmentals provide specific evidence 
of authority to enter into derivative instruments (including certified 
resolutions specifically authorizing execution of the master agreement and 
all transactions thereunder, legal opinion and additional reps/warranties I was curious as to the specific documentation you had reviewed from EWEB It sounded from your email which Christian forwarded to me, that you were 
reviewing evidence of authority to enter into physical transactions.
I would like to speak with you directly, if possible.  I am in a Central time 
zone and my direct line is (713) 853-5620.  I look forward to speaking with 
you.  Thanks.  Sara
Attached is our form of confirm with attached Annex A (general terms and 
conditions).  Assume the confirm is governed by Texas law.  Most 
counterparties sign the confirm and fax it back to us WITHOUT the attached 
Annex A.  Is this sufficient under Texas law as having received the 
"executed" confirmation?  Do we need to modify our language incorporating the 
Annex A?  Thanks.  Sara (713/853-5620)
Without having more detail, I do know that Gary is interested in trading from 
Houson (if at all possible).  ss
Is Mark Taylor aware of Gary's plans?  I know from my conversations with Mark 
about support for trading in South America that very few people in Enron, 
other than Don and a few commercial guys in Brazil, believe that there will 
be any action to speak of on the trading side in South America.  If Gary does 
anything other than trade from ECT on exchange or through swaps that he will 
have to take into consideration who will provide legal and administrative 
support and from where.
Andrea has not confirmed any meetings with me yet.  But I would not wait too 
long to make the reservations.
Importance:  High
Have you been able to get a better handle on what it is that Gary wants to do?
addresss correction
Sara Shackleton
11/03/2000 09:42 AM
Pat:
I will be negotiating the ISDA Master Agreement with EWEB, probably with Jmi 
Deason directly.  ENA requires that governmentals provide specific evidence 
of authority to enter into derivative instruments (including certified 
resolutions specifically authorizing execution of the master agreement and 
all transactions thereunder, legal opinion and additional reps/warranties I was curious as to the specific documentation you had reviewed from EWEB It sounded from your email which Christian forwarded to me, that you were 
reviewing evidence of authority to enter into physical transactions.
I would like to speak with you directly, if possible.  I am in a Central time 
zone and my direct line is (713) 853-5620.  I look forward to speaking with 
you.  Thanks.  Sara
here's the political decision helper -
"CAVALIER,D. MD"  	11/03/2000 09:08 AM
fyi
Jim Deason  	11/03/2000 03:14 PM
Sara -- Thanks for the voicemail.  Attached is EWEB's proposed Schedule for
the Single Currency ISDA.  Perhaps we can arrange a time Monday afternoon to
discuss?  -Jim
- ISDA - EWEB Schedule for Enron.doc
Russell:
I spoke briefly with Paul about your long-dated commodity deal and have a few 
comments.
(1)  Have you spoken with anyone on the confirmation desk about preparing a 
draft confirm?  Joe Hunter (X33316) is a good start.
(2)  Paul advises that you will be transacting pursuant to the existing ISDA 
Master Agreement between ENA and CSFB Int'l (name change from Credit Suisse 
Financial Products).  In that regard, you should be sure to add the following 
items to the confirmation and discuss with your counterparty:
(a)  ENA should be the Calculation Agent for purposes of this transaction.
(b)  You should provide for "Payments on Early Termination" as:  "For the 
purpose of Section 6(e) of the ISDA Master Agreement,  (i)  Loss will apply, 
and (ii) the Second Method will apply."
Also, you should obtain evidence of the name change (usually a certificate of 
name change).
Let me know if you have any questions.  Thanks.  Sara
FYI - this is the proposed Schedule which we will review and comment; EWEB 
did not send a CSA. Sara
Jim Deason  	11/03/2000 03:14 PM
Sara -- Thanks for the voicemail.  Attached is EWEB's proposed Schedule for
the Single Currency ISDA.  Perhaps we can arrange a time Monday afternoon to
discuss?  -Jim
- ISDA - EWEB Schedule for Enron.doc
Surprise!  Tax does not yet have an answer.  But I'll call you anyway.  Sara
Dale Neuner
11/03/2000 04:00 PM
and let's talk about Janine's visit. This issue has raised it's head as well 
for global weather products 
OK, you guys, I'm trying my best.
All appointments on Monday, November 20 have been moved to 3 P.M.
Deb:  facial, then massage
Steve:  80 minute wellness massage
Steve:  the spa didn't have anyone to do a facial after 2 pm so I thought 
you'd like a longer massage.  There are facial appointments available Sunday 
morning and afternoon.  You may want to check the website and change the 
service.  You can have my facial appointment if you like (it's at 4 P.M.) and 
I'll take yours 
Let me know if you'd like for me to make changes.
Otherwise, see you in wineland.  Sara
Did anyone work on the Destec transaction?  Sara
Laurel Adams
11/03/2000 04:41 PM
Sara,
An Interest Rate swap was entered into with the above counterparty in October 
1997.  This was part of a large structured Coal deal.  (Coal Capital Co.?)  I 
believe the confirm was created in Legal.   Is it possible for me to get a 
copy of this confirmation?  We are having a real problem getting this 
settlement booked each month, so we want to refer to confirm to see what is 
said.  I am out next week, but could you ask someone to send a copy to Todd 
Warwick?  he is in ENA reporting and is helping me out with this.  Thanks. 
Susan:  How about any of Wednesday - Friday, Nov.8, 9 or 10?  Houston is on 
Central Std. Time.  Let me know.  Sara
"Susan Hopkinson"  	11/03/2000 05:38 AM
CONFIDENTIALITY This e-mail and any attachments are confidential
and may also be privileged. If you are not the named recipient,
please notify the sender immediately and do not disclose the
contents to another person, use it for any purpose, or store
or copy the information in any medium.
Thanks for your email Sara.? When would you like to do  the conference call 
next week? I cannot do Monday, but any other time should be  fine. Maybe if 
you give me a couple of times that suit you then I can picko ne?? I would 
like my colleague Sharon Lewis to be free as well if  possible.
?
Susan
?
Susan:? Sorry for the delay in getting back to  you.? We have agreed to
delete the CSA and will return a blackline to  you shortly.? You may recall
that SITA expressly requested that theE nron agreement be governed by
English law which is why we prepared thisd ocument for execution by our
affiliate in London with the jurisdictionl anguage appearing in the prior
draft.? There are still issues posed by  your markup and we should be able
to schedule a conference call next  week.? Thanks.?  Sara
???????????????????  "Susan  
Hopkinson  CONFIDENTIALITY This e-mail and any attachments are  confidential
and may also be privileged. If you are not the named  recipient,
please notify the sender immediately and do not disclose  the
contents to another person, use it for any purpose, or store
or copy  the information in any  medium.
Further  to my fax of 3 October we have SITA's instructions.
1 - Credit Support  Annex :
SITA's position is unchanged. SITA does not wish to have a Credit  Support
Annex.? SITA have asked that ENRON come up with a proposal on  the term and
volume of the transactions on the basis of no Credit Support  Annex.
2 - SITA does not provide investment services ancillary to its  main
activities. Do you have any news regarding ENRON on this  point?
Kind  
Susan  Hopkinson
In the event of any technical difficulty with this email, please  contact
the sender or the London Technology Department on +44 (0) 20 7296  2000.
In the event of any technical difficulty with this email, please contact
the sender or the London Technology Department on +44 (0) 20 7296 2000.
FYI  -  I'll talk to you in a little while because we"ll redline EWEB's 
document.  Sara
Edward Sacks@
11/06/2000 01:20 PM
Please see the revised credit worksheet.  I have amended the collateral 
thresholds for both parties.  Comments or questions, please call.
Ed Sacks
Yes, please call.  I actually commented to Edmund on this confirm last Friday 
and he apparently took none of my suggestions.  Sara
Sara,
Per my last e-mail on the Papeis Inapa deal, herewith for your complete 
information a copy of the final form of Deemed ISDA Confirmation very 
helpfully drwan up by Edmund Cooper in London to document the trade between 
EEFT (for ECTRIC) and Papeis Inapa.
May be when you get a few minutes, we can have a chat just to confirm the 
Enron entities involved in paper deals in Europe as there appear to be 
certain people in London who are a little confused on this issue.
Kind  
Mark
Edmund Cooper
08/03/99 02:26 PM
Tom,
Here's the final version, subject to:
1. Need to insert the Trade Date at the top of page 2
2. Need to insert the Houston deal number.
Let me know if you have any queries.
, Edmund.
Jim Deason  	11/03/2000 03:14 PM
Sara -- Thanks for the voicemail.  Attached is EWEB's proposed Schedule for
the Single Currency ISDA.  Perhaps we can arrange a time Monday afternoon to
discuss?  -Jim
- ISDA - EWEB Schedule for Enron.doc
Please see the attached Schedule and look at Part 3 (Documents to be 
delivered) under the headings for Party B (which is EWEB):
Hey, guys:  I'm negotiating a rush ISDA for ECTRIC under the law of England 
and Wales.  I believe that Michael drafted originally.
(1)  submission to English courts and waiver of all objections
(2)  setoff  for all events (excluding affiliates) except for Tax Event or 
Tax Event Upon Merger
Are the foregoing acceptable for ECTRIC?
Your immediate response is appreciated as Michael Moulton wants to book deal 
Tuesday,  Nov. 7.
Thanks.  Sara
Sara Shackleton is ill today and will not be attending the Raptor lunch 
meeting.
Kaye
Susan,
Sara Shackleton is wondering if you are going to call her back today or do I 
need to schedule a new conference call for tomorrow?
Kaye Ellis
Assistant to Sara Shackleton
Please add Angela Davis to all e-mails regarding Project Tahiti.  Her e-mail 
address is Angela.Davis @
Thank you.
Please add Angela Davis of Enron to all e-mails regarding Project Tahiti Her e-mail address is Angela.Davis@.
Thank you,
Kaye Ellis
Assistant to Sara Shackleton
Good morning!  Thanks for your help yesterday.
Would you please CALL A&K and make sure that they add Angela Davis to the 
distribution?   Thanks.  Sara
"Cassandra Davis"  	11/06/2000 11:18 PM
Attached in Word format are the following revised documents marked against 
the Project/Hawaii II documents unless otherwise indicated:
Closing Checklist (255001);
Trust Agmt of Tahiti (254424);
Beneficial Interest Certificate (254806);
Series Supplement (254816) against McGarret C
Tahiti Series A Certificate (254975) against McGarret C
Tahiti Promissory Note (254802) Clean
Direction Letter to Owner Trustee (254976) against McGarret C
Amended and Restated LLC of Fiji I (254423);
Amended and Restated LLC of Bora Bora (254978);
Bora Bora Promissory Note (254979); against McGarret C
Transfer and Auction Agmt (255084);
B Interest Assgnmt Agmt (254982); against McGarret C
Put Option Agreement (267684); against McGarret C
Put Option Assignment (267685); against McGarret C
Notice of Put Option Asgnmt (267686) against McGarret C
Independent Auctioneer Letter (255097);
Trust Agreement of Bali (267679) against Ghost
RADA (255563);
Beneficial Interest Certificate (254983) against Ghost
Demand Note (267896) against Ghost
Facility Agreement (267683);
Promissory Note (267687) Clean
Direction Letter (254980) against McGarret C
Drawdown Request (267688) Clean
Swap Schedule (267689)
Total Return Swap Confirmation (267690)
Chris Krecek, Secretary/Legal Assistant
Andrews & Kurth L.L.P.
1717 Main Street, Suite 3700
Dallas, Texas 75201
Phone: (214) 659-4481
Fax: (214) 659-4401
Email: ckrecek@andrews-kurth.com
- 267896.doc
- 254424.doc
- 254802.doc
- 254806.doc
- 254816.doc
- 254975.doc
- 254976.doc
- 254978.doc
- 254979.doc
- 254980.doc
- 254982.doc
- 254983.doc
- 255084.doc
- 255097.doc
- 255563.doc
- 267679.doc
- 267683.doc
- 267684.doc
- 267685.doc
- 267686.doc
- 267687.doc
- 267688.doc
- 267689.doc
- 267690.doc
- 254423.doc
Jane:
If you have time in the morning (Nov. 9 Tokyo), I would like to discuss ENA's 
view of the CSA/Schedule relationship.  In a nutshell, we provide that a 
ratings downgrade is an Additional Event of Default in the Schedule (normally 
a MAC in the CSA).  John's preferance, of course, would be a unilateral event 
triggering an IBJ default (which I am sure would be difficult to negotiate).
I am not certain of the time difference but perhaps you could call me at the 
office after 4 pm (Nov.8 in Houston) and I could then conference in John Alternatively, please feel free to contact me at home (after 7 pm Houston 
time on Nov. 8) at 713-664-3207.
I look forward to hearing from you.   .  Sara
Jane McBride@
11/07/2000 04:03 AM
Dear John,
Jonathan and I met with IBJ today to try and push our negotiations through to 
the end.  They are still unwilling to do a CSA with us but very significantly 
their back / mid office is currently looking at getting systems support in 
place which would permit them to do a CSA with us in due course.  They 
acknowledged to us of their own volition that the market trend is towards 
CSAs even in transactions where the counter party is not a bank.  They did 
say though that it would be a few months before they would be set up to do 
so. Pls note that they did not agree to do a CSA with us as soon as they are 
set up to do so but they now know we will come knocking at some stage to ask 
them to do it so I think we have gone as far as we can on this for now.
We will therefore move forward on the credit matrix in the meantime, if you 
are still willing to do so.  The bank has a credit rating of A, so I guess 
this means US$15 million credit limit 
On the assumption that it is possible to draft these terms into a contract 
without a full CSA, I wonder who is best to do this drafting.  I should be 
able to do the negotiations but I am not sure that I am able to do the 
drafting .... Alan, do you have any suggestions 
Most of the other issues are sorted now but they still want to change the 
"Threshold Amount" definition to US$10 million.  Is there any flexibility on 
this?
Thanks.
Jane McBride
John Suttle@ECT
09/27/2000 12:39 AM
Jonathan,
One thing we might be able to propose is a "Credit Matrix" which prescribes a 
Credit Line under which each counterparty can transact - with collateral 
rights and collateral thresholds tied to the credit rating of each 
counterparty.  We have used credit matrixes in several contracts here and 
they are appealing in that there are no Material Adverse Change (MAC) 
clauses.  This is appealing to the counterparty in that we cannot 
automatically drop their collateral threshold to zero when a MAC occurs.  We 
are comfortable because as the counterparty's credit quality deteriorates, 
the amount of exposure to which we are subject decreases.  I would propose to 
IBJ something like the following in lieu of a full CSA.  Jane and John - is 
it possible to draft these collateral/credit terms into the contract without 
using a full CSA?  (I think every matrix I have used here has been part of a 
CSA).
Rating (S&P)     Credit Line
AA or above    $20MM
BBB+ to AA-    $15MM
BBB     $10MM
BBB-     $7MM
BB- to BB+    $5MM
Below BB-    $1MM
These terms are subject to negotiation.  Once again, the matrix removes MAC 
clauses and the stress counterparties associate with such, but effectively 
reduces the potential exposure we have (or THEY have) to a counterparty with 
diminishing credit quality.
What do you all think?
John
Jonathan Whitehead @ ENRON   09/25/2000 08:18 PM
Sorry, Pressed send too early:
John, Have had a conversation with IBJ re the CSA, and they have asked us to 
consider proposing a solution that does not involve a CSA. I propose to meet 
with them again to try and explore why, but I would like to be prepared to 
offer them a solution whereby we don't enter into a CSA, and we would limit 
the types of trades that we could enter into with IBJ. My feeling is that we 
would be unlikely to enter into any long term transactions (over 2 years) at 
this stage anyway, and would prefer to get the relationship going, as I am 
not sure they are going to budge on this issue yet. They appear to be quite 
willing to discuss all the other points. We can always press for a 
renegotiation at a later stage if we do want to enter into longer term deals. 
I also want to keep the loan facility completely separate.
What are your thoughts on this, and what limitations would you want to put on 
trades if we do not have a CSA?
Thanks,
Jonathan
John Viverito
09/22/2000 12:04 PM
John-
During our last meeting with IBJ, we pushed hard for the implementation of 
the CSA.  I believe that they have the systems capability to handle the 
requisite activities relating to the CSA, as we understand that they utilize 
same with certain financial institution counterparties.  We expressed our 
view on these matters and also raised other issues that we had discussed in 
our recent conference call 
IBJ informed us that they have never entered into a CSA with a non-financial 
institution counterparty and my response was that Enron can then be the 
first.  We requested that they raise this issue with their respective 
superiors.  As you know, their response to our discussions relating to this 
issue was "In terms of CSA, as we are not ready for running collateral 
operations, we still do not prefer to use the CSA."  The legitimacy of this 
statement is certainly debatable and the underlying reason may actually be 
something entirely different, including the possibility that they merely do 
not want to enter into a CSA with a non-financial institution 
We will continue to attempt to persuade IBJ to enter into the CSA with Enron, 
however it is uncertain if this is achievable.
Yes.  I thought you understood as much from our meeting.  I have asked A&K 
repeatedly to add you to the email list.  Also, it was my understanding from 
Mark Taylor that you would be responsible for the "structured" equity 
derivatives (with assistance from the swap group as needed).  Please let me 
know if I'm assuming too much.  Thanks.  Sara
Angela Davis@
11/08/2000 06:45 AM
You had these documents forwarded to me.  Is this now my project?
Angela D. Davis
Please note in Lotus Notes.  ss
Pablo Acevedo
03/08/99 07:22 PM
occupying most of their time in another priority Project and this is why they 
are delayed with their answer on the MSA proposal. He said that they have 
scheduled an internal meeting for next Monday, Aug. 9 to tackle this MSA with 
Enron Corp. and they will contact us asap with their comments.
I told Perez that it was not worth while to delay it further than one more 
month. Casal answered that he took resposability for taking care of this 
matter.
keep you posted.
Pablo
Holly:  I'll try to get something to EWEB today.  Also, we don't prepare 
deemed ISDA's for muni's so I have to create a form.  Sara
Hey, Lawyer Daigle:
On November 17, I'll be exercising my wheelchair along the winding roads of 
Napa and Sonoma Valleys.  However, would you two kids be interested in the 
more popular seminar at Galatoires on Dec. 8, entitled "Dot.com for Seniors 3 hours CLE credit requested?  Please let me know as soon as possible so that 
I can request my cheap senior fare on Southwest Airlines, a reduced rate 
rental car and other freebies afforded through the AARP.  Sara
"P. Keith Daigle"  	11/08/2000 04:09 PM
Please respond to pkdaigle
Dear Sara:
I am sending this to both addresses I have for you.  I don't know
which one is right.
James L. Burlingame, IV, Esq. and I are thinking about attending a
seminar at Galatoires on Nov. 17, 2000.   The title of the Seminar is,
"Elder Law and You".  Please let us know if you can attend and if you
have special needs such as wheelchair, walker, Depends, or supplemental
oxygen.
P. Keith Daigle, Esq.
Janine:  Thank you for scheduling the meeting last week.  Let me know if I 
can be of any help whatsoever.  Also, whatever flowcharts or schematics you 
can offer would greatly appreciated, as well as a list of services agreements.
Dale Neuner is anxious to resolve the issues surrounding FX transactions on 
EOL.  Have you concluded that we need RMT as the EOL party for internal 
hedging FX products for London and Japan.  Am I correct in the following?
RMT will be the party transacting directly with international Enron 
affiliates (i.e., ECTRIC, through EEFT, and Enron Japan) under new/existing 
services agreements. 
ENA will be the financial party transacting directly with third parties Does ENA also act directly with non-affiliated Japanese customers (if the 
situation should arise?)
Thanks.  Sara 
Andy:
Attached are my blacklined comments to the prior draft.  Please let me know 
if this works.  Thanks.  Sara
Jane:  the ISDA jurisdiction and waiver of jury trial language is fine.  Sara
You lucky dog 
Kaye Ellis
11/09/2000 09:25 AM
David:  Pursuant to our conversation, attached is my blackline.  I'll verify 
jurisdiction.  Thanks.  Sara
We're done.  I should have signed docs tomorrow.  Sara
Caroline Abramo@
11/09/2000 10:24 AM
Sara- are we done with Harvard yet?  what is the one issue we are still 
dealing with?  can I help from a business line perspective?
Thanks and Caroline
212 702 3910
hopefully this means we'll be done soon 
Angela:  Will you be available?  I was hoping that you can handle these deals 
with swap group assistance.  Please feel free to call upon me at any time Thanks.  Sara
Brian Steinbrueck@
11/09/2000 02:52 PM
There will be a Hawaii 125-0 conference call today at 5 pm CST 
Dial in Number:  1877-300-8186
Participant Code:  684084
Thanks,
Brian
Dale:  do you still want to meet?  Are you waiting to receive Janine's email 
tomorrow?  Can I buy you lunch one day?  Sara
Janine Juggins
11/09/2000 11:18 AM
I will respond tomorrow (including charts !). I have left a voicemail with 
Dale.
Reagrds
Janine
Janine:  Thank you for scheduling the meeting last week.  Let me know if I 
can be of any help whatsoever.  Also, whatever flowcharts or schematics you 
can offer would greatly appreciated, as well as a list of services agreements.
Dale Neuner is anxious to resolve the issues surrounding FX transactions on 
EOL.  Have you concluded that we need RMT as the EOL party for internal 
hedging FX products for London and Japan.  Am I correct in the following?
RMT will be the party transacting directly with international Enron 
affiliates (i.e., ECTRIC, through EEFT, and Enron Japan) under new/existing 
services agreements. 
ENA will be the financial party transacting directly with third parties Does ENA also act directly with non-affiliated Japanese customers (if the 
situation should arise?)
Thanks.  Sara 
Finalizing flight plans here.  Will you be flying to B.A. with us from Sao 
Paulo? If so, will you arrange for transportation from the airport?  My 
assistant Kaye should have our flight info and can coordinate with you Thanks 
It looks as though Andrea B. is coordinating with the business people and 
outside counsel.
All:  At Clint's request, please find below the form of assignment for 
"Franz, Philip"  	10/23/2000 11:14 AM
Clint/Sara,
For your review per Paul Rosica.
,
Phil
Phil Franz
Transaction Management/Equity Derivatives
Lehman Brothers
(212)526-8482
pfranz@lehman.com
 This message is intended only for the personal and confidential use of the
 designated recipient(s) named above.  If you are not the intended
 recipient of this message you are hereby notified that any review,
 dissemination, distribution or copying of this message is strictly
 prohibited.  This communication is for information purposes only and
 should not be regarded as an offer to sell or as a solicitation of an
 offer to buy any financial product, an official confirmation of any
 transaction, or as an official statement of Lehman Brothers Inc., its
 subsidiaries or affiliates.  Email transmission cannot be guaranteed to be
 secure or error-free.  Therefore, we do not represent that this
 information is complete or accurate and it should not be relied upon as
 such.  All information is subject to change without notice.