so bcf less storage than i was anticpating in two weeks. so yea, my curve is a touch higher, but it doesnt change my longer term view. most of the move this week was a short sqeeze of spec shorts combined with a strong heat market. a little concerned about heat, but also saw products very strong going into the season this past winter only to stage a huge failure. not convinced this rally in products is different where's your curve now? MAy June Jul Aug Sep Oct Nov Dec Jan 02 Jen Fraser Enron Global Markets Fundamentals 713-853-4759 That's what I'm talking ABOUT ? You've read?the Innovator's Dilemma.? Now learn?the latest Clay??Christensen? ?How can I know in advance if something is a high-potential disruptive market opportunity? ? 3:30pm,?Wednesday,?April?18th Spangler Auditorium Come watch?Clay Christensenshare his?most recent?thoughts on?disruption innovation?and business. Part of the HBS Student Association's Thought Leadership Speaker Series Be sure not to miss: Michael Porter:??Strategy: New Learnings:?3:30pm,??Tuesday, April?17th?Spangler Auditorium Tom Eisenmann: Get Big Fast? Promise and Peril on the Path to the Evernet 3:00pm, Thursday, April 19th Aldrich 110 Rosabeth Moss Kanter: Evolve!: Succeeding in the Digital Culture of Tomorrow 4:30pm, Thursday, April 19th Aldrich 109 mike: just want to confirm you received my money and forms. also, checking to see if i am set up to sell naked calls on ENE. may be looking to do something this week. probably 100-200 contracts john the 14 mm loss was due to a booking mistake that could not be corrected before the books were posted and is being corrected tonight Chris Abel 04/16/2001 01:08 PM Mike, can you please provide an explanation for the $71mm loss on the 11th and the $31mm loss on the 12th, for reporting purposes? John, can you please provide an explanation for the $14mm loss on the 12th, for reporting purposes? Thanks, Chris Abel Manager, Risk Controls and Consolidated Risk Reporting fuck you Please respond to francielou3224@comic.com Got debt? We can help using Debt Consolidation! If you owe $10,000 USD or more, consolidate your debt into just 1 payment and let us handle the rest! Wouldn't it be nice to have to worry about just 1 fee instead of half a dozen? We think so too. - You do not have to own a home - You do not need another loan - No credit checks required - Approval within 3 business days - Available to all US citizens For a FREE, no obligation, consultation, please fill out the form below and return it to us. Paying bills should not be a chore, and your life should be as easy and simple as possible. So take advantage of this great offer! (All fields are required) Full Name Address City State Zip Code Home Phone Work Phone Best Time to Call E-Mail Address Estimated Debt Size : Thank You To receive no further offers from our company regarding this matter or any other matter, please reply to this e-mail with the word 'Remove' in the subject

of people who didn't quite make it into athletics in jr high....i feel like an olympic athlete in comparison. won't be such an ego boost to head back to advanced grp and last place in every wind sprint. am currently watching old ally mc beal re-runs. i REALLY like that british guy, brian, she dated for a while....damn! he's precious. ok- mind is wandering. you'll be VERY excited to hear of my latest whim- cross stitching. but cross stitching w/ a purpose, of course. M & D's 30th anniversary is in december, and thought i'd do an anniversary sampler for it. will prob take me that long just to do the border....ok. am off. again- baring any fabulous , unmissable tv options, will try to call later! e _________________________________________________________________ Thanks anyway...I eventually tracked it down yesterday And yes, the real world emphatically sucks. Emily's got the right idea, avoid it at all costs. Still, work's going all right for me. My hours have dramatically improved, which is nice, and they actually let me take time off for vacation. I'm reserving the weekend Emily mentioned in September so hopefully I'll Susan Hey Susan- I don't have Emily's number. I am 100% useless. I just started school today. Wow!! How's work going? The real world sucks. I would love to see you in September in NB. Brittany _________________________________________________________________ Marathon runners we start bright and early tomorrow. Please arrive at 5:45AM so we can check you in and give you your Kenyan Way ID. You will need this to get your training schedule and water on the runs. Please wear this every Saturday morning on our training runs Training schedules will be given after the training run tomorrow. You will recieve an entire training schedule taking you through to your marathon. The runs are: Houston- 1:00-1:15 easy- out and back course Dallas- 1:45-2:00 easy Chicago- 2:15-2:30 easy San Antonio, New York, San Antonio- 2:00-2:15 easy The run will be through River Oaks, water provided every few miles. Our Tuesday morning track sessions are full. If you have not signed up we can put you name on the wait list or there are openings in our Tuesday evening sessions. Good luck. Sean I'm sorry it's taken me so long to get back to you. I would definitely enjoy the opportunity to answer any of your questions about the various opportunities within Enron. I know what an overwhelming place this can be at times. I'm actually heading out of the office today for a conference in Denver, but if you want to just email me some questions or pick a time that would be good for you to meet that would be great. Susan Scott x31455 hi Susan, My name is Aarati Siva, and I'm a summer analyst intern in EES (with the Load desk within Commodity Risk Management). Priya Jaisinghani suggested I contact you when I mentioned to her that I'd like to talk to a couple of people to find out more about

Ice House and we never show up! Attached are the following forms: 1. Pipeline ROW 2. Compressor Site Lease (for Screws) 3. Compressor Site Purchase (for Recips) I am distributing these for the sake of completeness. You may have already I am still working through these comments. Let me know what you think. "Crawford, Ann" 03/07/2001 07:47 PM Gerald, Per the attached cover letter explaining AEC's requested changes, I attach both a blackline copy and a clean copy of the edited agreement. Please comment asap on items regarding the bolded text in sections 3.2, 3.4 and 8.3. Thank you, Ann M. Crawford Gas Marketing Sr.Contract Administrator Phone: 403-266-8425 Fax: 403-290-8479 C.doc>> - aecm.amc.ltr.enrn.doc - DRAFT IN ENRN EDIT.doc - DRAFT IN ENRN EDIT C.doc Ann, I have received your comments to the Enfolio and will review them Have you received the confirms for the Transaction and executed yet? Stephanie, I made on small change. Also attached is the Assignment agreement for Kern River. It is going fine so far! We'll see about the rest of the day. Eric and I tried a new burger place for lunch. I was bad and had a cheeseburger con fries. Now I am struggling to even stay awake. Nap. Nap. Any idea on your ETA at Woodrow's this evening? Two words about my after work activities. Proper Pumpitude!! I have to work that cheeseburger off. Why don't I call you on your cell when I get showered up and if your already past mi casa or at the bar, I will just meet you there. Sound good? bswaldrop@aol.com 03/08/2001 02:12 PM Boy, you timed that pretty good. Just walked back in about 10 minutes ago. I am thinking that I will be here at least until 7 pm. I will then run home and walk Sophie and probably be able to either come by your place or just meet you at Little Woodrows by 8:00. How does that work for your schedule? What are you planning on doing after work! That Cheeseburger sounds good. I had a cold Grilled Ham and Cheese. They ordered it before I left for my appt and then it had ben sitting here for about an hour before I got ot eat. Yum Yum Kitty! Chris, Attached is the form of CA for Power Engineers, Inc. Let me know if you have any qeustions. Please print these on Enron logo only letterhead. Need to create a header for Enron Compression Services Company on these documents. Gerald Nemec 03/08/2001 11:45 AM Please review and let me know if you have any questions. Paul.Pfeffer@bakerbotts.com 03/09/2001 07:42 AM J. Greg Coulter Jennings, Strouss & Salmon, P.L.C. Attorneys at Law One Renaissance Square Two North Central Avenue Phoenix, AZ 85004-2393 Direct Dial: 602.262.5920 Direct Fax: 602.495.2636 E-Mail: GCoulter@jsslaw.com Web Site: www.jsslaw.com Cc: WEIDMAN, DANIEL JANE ; MAURRAS, HUGH DOUGLAS ; HINES, BILL Sent: Thursday, March 08, 2001 1:57 PM Dear Mr. (X) President: I recently saw a bumper sticker that said, "Thank me,

and I get way more sleep (til 5!). Its got a pretty solid view and feels much bigger than it is because of all the windows. Now if I could just get some furniture...maybe a table B John, Thanks for the timely note. PRC is today. Much appreciated. B Just a quick note to acknowledge the great job that Geir Solberg did in helping our office out during Tropical storm Allison. Our phone lines, computers and cell phones were down. Additionally, we were short staffed due to floodwaters downtown. One of our service customers, Teco, wanted to sell some test power in South Texas. Geir was contacted via satellite phone. He sold 230 megawatts each hour to AEP. He used the proper terminology unique to Ercot and sold the energy at a decent price. He maintained good, detailed notes and was able to relay this information to me the following Monday Most importantly, this was a seamless transaction to the customer. Again, thanks for the help. JMF Sean, Just to follow-up from yesterday. Two key real-time customers would be MPC (load balancing agreement) and EPE (power "consulting" agreement). Other customers such as LV Cogen and Valley are important, but they do not provide the market information or the opportunities of these two. As soon as we have something tangible regarding a new company (and likely before), I think we need to visit these customers and get them back. Ideas? Bill Group, We will be meeting on Thursday at 4:30 to discuss recent changes and the company outlook with Tim on Thursday Dec. 13th at 4:30. Please call me if you cannot make it. Thanks, Bill Thank you. Bam. Let me know what you hear 503-819-7783 Sorry to hear it man. It has not been a great last couple of months. Lanegan died in his sleep last night. What up dawg! How are you and Meg doing? I still have a job. It has been an extremely rocky time. However, I feel optimistic that our trading business will continue in some fashion. I believe that we will be bought out by an investment bank and that we will be able to start trading again. The chances are good that I will have to thin out my group a bit, I am hoping that attrition will take care of some of the members of the group. I think we are going to let traders out of their contract if they want to leave. Hopefully that will cut down on any direct lay-offs I will have to do. It would suck having to lay-off good people. Its worrisome but like I said, I am optimistic. Soccer was going well, but I sprained my knee pretty badly playing indoor last night, so another two-three weeks before I am out there playing again...bollocks! Its ridiculous. How are things with you? I have two tickets to Mark Lanegan on December 19th at Berbatis Pan. Are you going to be in town at that point? Its gonna

be 9:00 am? --Dot Stanley Horton 12/11/2000 01:03 PM Sent by: Cindy Stark This is to advise you that we will NOT have ETS Monday morning staff meetings on December 18 or December 25 Please make note that the next ETS Staff Meeting will be held on Tuesday, January 2, 2001 at 9:30AM in 49C2. And then on January 8, we'll resume our regular schedule of having our staff meetings on Monday mornings at 9:15AM. and Happy Holidays, Cindy X36197 Lindy, if all FERC wanted is a list and contacts, this looks fine. If they wanted exact MDQ and usage numbers for each customer, let me know. DF Not having received the request, it seems like the quantity related to the contract would provide them better info than a contact name and phone number- did they specifically ask for that inf0?? upon answer, work directly with Drew as I'll be out. MK Lindy Donoho 12/11/2000 04:22 PM Please see my original message below. Are you okay with TW forwarding this info to FERC? Steven Harris 12/11/2000 04:19 PM Maybe you should ask Drew or Mary K. Lindy Donoho 12/11/2000 03:01 PM In response to a request of Steve January from FERC, I've put together a list of Transwestern's "major" shippers to California with contact names and phone numbers. I've defined "major" as anyone with total firm contracts of 25,000/d or more. Please see the attached list. Is everyone okay with me passing this along to Ray Montini at FERC? Let me know if it's okay to go or if I need to run this by anyone else before sending it out. Thanks, Lindy When you guys settle on a name for NewCo, please let me know and also call Lillian Bailey at Corp. Her # is 33577. Thanks. df any word on the supreme court ruling? I figure that ought to add $5 to the stock price instantly, if it comes out right. df pls get on my sch. thanks df Another conference call is scheduled for tomorrow, Thursday, December 14th at 10:00 a.m. CST, to again discuss Gallup Expansion. Omaha participants, please meet in Rm 723. Omaha participants, please meet in Ron Matthews's office EB4086. Following are the dial-in numbers: Dial-in number: 1-877-795-3687 Passcode: 297066 If you cannot participate in the call, please let Donna Martens know with via phone x-7138 or via e-mail. Thanks. Lou Harrison (insurance guy) will call tomorrow--please schedule an appt. at his joint next wk--Wed Thur or Fri. Preferably 4:00 or later so I can hit him on the way home. thanks df I wish. As to your complaint about my failure to tip you off, there were two primary reasons: (1) if I told you and got caught I'd go to prison, and, more importantly, (2) I had no clue. DF (its better to be lucky than good dhill@wrf.com on 01/21/2000 02:58:19 PM Yeah, I've noticed it. Particularly the run-up yesterday. Hell no, I don't own any ENE. Why didn't you tell me

the past Alexandra Saler@EES 10/25/2000 10:59 AM yes..did you see it last night? do you ever watch "Frasier"? Alexandra Saler@EES 10/24/2000 11:13 AM the 7th it is! sorry about philly. that would have been a nice diversion just think....you aren't into her, so at least she isn't in town. I had to cancel my trip to Phila today--bummer. Nov 7 is fine. (I'm out of town this sunday for one week) I'm psyched about australia, but only for two days is a little sad. Anyway, I'm here through sunday if there is a woe emergency Alexandra Saler@EES 10/24/2000 08:08 AM I am looking forward to it as well. Don't worry...I am not planning on spending too much time on our sob stories! Tuesday, November 7 is the best for me. If that doesn't work, Thursday may work, but on the later side. I think I have to have a drink with a consultant coming into town, but I am not sure Have a safe trip and I can't wait to hear all about it. If you decide that Australia is to amazing to leave, I will completely understand and we can reschedule. I wouldn't blame you a bit! In fact, we could have drinks there....I've never been! ALI I'm looking forward to our drinks/dinner of woes. (But not too long on woes, I don't like not being in a good mood). When is good for you week after next? Jeff P.S. I really don't like that expression "misery loves company" by the way please ask you groups to participate, and spread the word. Thanks. Jeff Eric Thode@ 10/25/2000 01:06 PM The opportunity to provide feedback via The Pulse ends on Friday, October 27 and we need your help to improve our participation rate. I have attached the latest figures below, but in a nutshell, only 52.76% of our employees have participated, which is below the company average. We would like to do a lot better. Here are the business unit participation rates: EES 90.63% Enron India 85.71% Enron Wind 81.85% Net Works 71.35% EE&CC 66.67% NEPCO 59.95% Corporate 58.74% Enron South America 58.24% COMPANY AVERAGE 54.64% ENA/EGM/EIM 52.76% ETS (formerly GPG) 49.59% Enron Europe 39.95% EBS 39.07% APACHI 26.90% On behalf of Mark Frevert, I would like to ask each of you to personally encourage your direct reports to log on to the system at survey.enron.com and provide the much needed feedback. Whether you send an e-mail, use a staff meeting or walk around to your employees' desks, we need you to let them know that the survey is important to Enron and we would appreciate their feedback. While many fear some sort of response tracking, please remind them that their responses are completely confidential. If you have any questions, please call me at ext. 3-9053. Operating Company ENA/EGM/EIM 1,213 Total employee only email invitations sent: 2,299 Percent complete: 52.76% Results by Group within Operating Company Commercial - Origination 225 Risk Management and Trading 213 Energy Operations 205 Bus. An.

to your emails. Very masculine Smile, Margaret ps, i hope you can read my sarcasm over email -- if you knew me better, you would understand it completely since it is rare that i'm in a totally serious mood. hope you don't take offense! John Arnold@ECT 09/27/2000 12:29 PM I really liked the commercials about specifics (i.e. weather, EOL, bandwidth). The metal man was definitely at a different philosophical level than where my brain operates. Still not quite sure what was going on there Ode was a bit too idealistic. The campaign in general was very different than previous. But I guess you know that and that's the point. Again, I think the commercials that showed why we are the most innovative were very impressive. Just telling people we are innovative made less of an impact Sorry I ruined your run. At least you weren't molested by the River Oaks car thief. So, what did you think?! Don't lie or stretch the truth either -- you won't hurt my feelings, I promise By the way, by the time I arrived home it was completely dark so I went for a three mile run this morning. Not fun, but I'm definitely awake right now BUT, it's all your fault I couldn't go last night....he!he! Trade well, MSA As far as lunch, it's a done deal. I need names of people who should be allowed. It is not for the whole floor, but rather for people who need to stay at their desk during the day. Please advise, John Just wanted to say "thank-you" for dinner last night. It's unfortunate Errol and Dutch didn't make it, they are the ones who do all the work for you. Are you going to hook me up on the lunch police? Thanks again, Kori. Looks good. I'm a little confused as to how many users can be on. The system needs to be able to handle 50+ users at one time, each being able to post messages any time Brian Hoskins@MUNICATIONS 09/28/2000 02:31 PM Fangming, Looks good. That's exactly what we're looking for. John, please comment if there are any additional features you'd like to add. Brian Brian T. Hoskins Enron Broadband Services 713-853-0380 (office) 713-412-3667 (mobile) 713-646-5745 (fax) Brian_Hoskins@.net Fangming Zhu@ 09/28/00 02:23 PM Hi, Brian: Please review attached requirement document and reply this message with any comments. Once you approve it, I am going to build the application. Thanks, Fangming A funny story: Because Access was up 75 cents last night, Nymex made a trading limit of unchanged to +150. After 20 minutes of trading, we were at unchanged and the exchange stopped trading for an hour Rappaport, the exchange president, was standing by to make sure everything was orderly. Obviously, the locals weren't too happy about the exchange closing. One yelled at Rappaport "Why don't you take your million dollar bonus and go buy Enron stock" Thank you for sending this. If only you sent it a couple hours earlier Just kidding.

Enron. He visited me in Houston with a large team of people on the subject. I called Credit Agricole (owner of Carr) in Houston and sadly it is feared that he did not make it out from the World Trade Center Please call me in the morning so I can 3-way with an EOL technical rep to find out happened. One looked at it this afternoon, and according to his preliminary analysis, the order was placed at 10:57 and never canceled. Obviously that is counter to your knowledge of the transaction. Let's straighten this out first thing in the morning. John John, As per our phone conversation, I do not recognize the sale of half a day of Cal03 NYMEX at 3.3775 on EOL. I had put in an order at that level but canceled it immediately. Furthermore, the EOL log I get says that the order was valid until 10:57:13 whereas the execution timestamp is 11:00:29 , Panagiotis. (212) 224-7055 13 September 2001 3:28 PM Hey, by the way, did you ever find your cell phone Network traffic very heavy right now so you might not get this until tonight. John Gad: Sorry for the extremely late response. Despite the fact that Eva referred you, we would have interest in meeting with you about emplyment opps. I was planning on going to NY in a couple weeks but at this point, I don't know. I would highly recommend that you follow the formal recruitment program in addition to any talks we have. Although I can recommend to make you an offer, it is much easier if it is done in parallel with the associate recruitment program. After the current events calm down, we can talk via phone about my experience here and why I think there are some good opportunities here. Dear Mr. Arnold: I was referred to you by Ms. Eva Pao. I am a second year MBA student at Harvard Business School, writing to express interest in exploring potential employment opportunities with Enron. In particularly, I am interested in derivatives trading. I have attached my resume for your convenience. As you can see, my professional experience has been in a variety of roles within financial institutions and specifically, managing a currency trading-desk, before starting my MBA. I would appreciate an opportunity to meet with you or with one of your colleagues, on a formal or informal basis, who might be in the Boston or NYC areas in the next few months. Thank you for your time and consideration. Sincerely, Gad Caspy 24 Peabody Terrace # 1801 Cambridge, MA 02138 H (617) 876 2306 Harvard Business School MBA 2002 - Gad_Caspy_Resume.doc done thanks for contacting him. you are tops. ep SOblander@carrfut.com on 05/10/2001 07:50:19 AM Notice # 01-154 May 7, 2001 TO: All NYMEX Division Members and Member Firms FROM: Neal L. Wolkoff, Executive Vice President RE: Implementation of New NYMEX Rule 9.11A ("Give-Up Trades") DATE: May 7, 2001 new NYMEX Rule 9.11A ("Give-Up Trades") will go into

10:21 AM Elizabeth: I am writing to follow-up on ISDA's Energy and Developing Products conference in Houston on March 6th, 2001. As you know, Harlan Murphy and Dede Russo will join you on the discussion of the Use of a Single Master Agreement for Physical and Financial Trading. Will you contact Harlan and Dede to discuss materials for conference or should I arrange a conference call? Let me know either way. Thanks, Liz ISDA Conference Department 212-332-2559 Mark E Haedicke 09/25/2000 06:01 PM I got the chart in electronic form. Mark Ruth Ainslie 09/20/2000 06:54 AM As requested. - memo for item 1 sep 11 2000.doc please print and put in binder with labels thanks Legal Temp 6 02/20/2001 03:33 PM We are in the process of reviewing and upgrading our pulp, paper, lumber and steel trading contract documentation platforms. Attached for your review and comments are the draft Master and Sample GTCs and Confirms for these commodities. Please forward any comments with specific language changes to me by March 1st. You are invited to a meeting March 2 at 11: 00 a.m. in EB38C1 to discuss any proposed changes. Please forward these templates to any one else in your group who may wish to review and comment on. Mike Curry 08/07/2000 12:54 PM Elizabeth, Here are my comments. Need you to add an Insurance Section Also, throughout the PPA I asked you to add comments or clarify a few sections. If you can add your comments today, lets meet first thing tommorrow to discuss (leave me a message tonight and I will come in early to read before we meet). I didn't bother with the Green Sharing Agreement since we have not completed going through it with Wind. Thanks, - Mike Hi John Thanks for the offer but despite what you say, your legal prowess is still far more important to me - I would likely have ceased working long ago w/out LLGM. I rode up on the elevator with Jeff Skilling and he asked me if I still liked my job. I first asked if I had a choice and then confessed it could be better. I don't think I won many points with him, particularly when I asked him if he liked his job. Oh well, any connections there? I'm sending out documents tonight on the utility exposure by confirm to you and Jim. I can talk to you and Jim about that as well as offset with the commandeered positions anytime on Wed morning. Let me know what time works for you. Richard just told me that we settled PCA. That's great news but I will miss the opportunity to work with you. Thanks for all your help on this matter and I hope we get to work together again on some other matter in the near future. I don't know much but I think Dan Lyons is well versed on this. Also maybe Dale R in Portland. Hope all is well. I'm open all day

the DTI. Ian also knows Paul, and I am sure that he only called me because he now knew of my US location. Anyway, here is what he asked: They have a highly regarded junior civil servant, Edward Barker (Paul and I have both met him, and rate him high), who is getting married, and wants to locate to Los Angeles for a year while his fiance/wife completes a Ph.D. at some school there. The UK DTI will keep paying him, so he is effectively free to us. They want a relevant job/work experience for him. Ian does not know about his willingness to commute during the week from San Francisco to LA (I told Ian we were receptive to these kinds of things, if all else worked out), but will check. I think it would be good for Enron (Paul D. may have views on this), not only for endearing Enron to key relationships at DTI, but exposing a UK civil servant to the transparency of our regulation, US-style, cannot hurt either, as that is something Paul is on a long march to improve in the UK. I would think challenging research, attendance at settlement conferences, some memo writing, etc. would be sufficient (actually, that would be a bit below the policy-formation role he now occupies), but do you have any thoughts? I can get his CV when you need it. thanks mcs Go ahead without the gas, unless you can get into my American Express account and find out what those numbers are. Thanks a million. Best, Jeff Joseph Alamo 06/25/2001 07:10 PM Jeff FYI: due to a change [again] in the system for Expense Reporting, *must* have submitted your current Report by Wednesday, the 27th. Otherwise, will have to start over in the "new" system, however that will be unavailable until Monday, July 2nd ...or so I understand. Except for whatever you incurred today, I'm current with your receipts *except* whatever you spent on gas with your last (6/18 - 6/21) rental car (you noted it but neither indicated amount(s) nor supplied receipts Thanks, Joseph Sent by: Enron Announcements Concur Expense (XMS) Upgrade! With the upgrade of Concur Expense going live on Monday, July 2, this is a reminder to have all of your open expense reports submitted and approved in the current XMS system by this Wednesday, June 27 Logon instructions for the new Concur Expense system will be delivered via email to everyone on Friday, June 29th. To review the Transition Schedule, please click on the following link If you have any other questions about the new upgrade, please contact the ISC Call Center at 713-345-4727. Power plant siting bill to follow if you'd like it. Bruno Gaillard 09/01/2000 12:30 PM Do not pay attention to the sitting bill that was attached on the last e-mail. The attached version was older that we though. AI will be faxing you a copy of the final version of AB970 within a 1/2 hour. Bruno Gaillard 09/01/2000 10:22

- 12:15 pm. Please join Keith Dodson and John in BoardRoom 3AC4C1. Lunch will be provided. Please attend or call in if you can. If you cannot, John will be glad to follow-up with you individually. For those who will be dialing into this meeting, following is the AT&T TeleConference information: Domestic Dial in Number: 888-422-7101 International Dial in Number: 608-250-9281 Participant Code: 935637 Host Code (JWVS only): 174520 Thank you, JWVS Hi Shirley, Is this meeting still set for tomorrow? I heard a rumor that it had been changed again, but I don't know if it is correct. Kay No problem. I appreciate the help in trying to keep track of it. Kay Bronco is on the sofa upstairs. Good morning! Boy, it's been non stop since I walked in. Someone broke into Brett's and Stephen's offices last night. They trashed a lot of offices and stole small amounts of cash from some employees desks. Nothing really big taken. There were several laptops out and they found the keys to several cars but left all of it alone. One of the cars was Nancy Bs new suburban. Doesn't make sense Michael is very concerned about Bronco and that Charlotte won't be able to find him tonight when they get home. He is really taken with Bronco Gota go. NM Just a reminder. I think Tuesday, 2/27, looks good. Andrew Ralston@EES 02/20/2001 01:34 PM Kay I am going to be out of town most of this week, but how does next week (other than Monday) look for lunch? AR Hey there, I'm going to try very hard to make it to Dick's farewell party Who did the invitations? It is so clever. Kay Gentlemen, We have revised the option agreement to reflect most of your suggested changes. Please advise if the attached is acceptable. Thank you, Kay This has sound Fritz Rumscheidt@_DEVELOPMENT 02/20/2001 09:11 AM Hmmm. Very interesting. I doubt AIG thinks of itself as being in the middle. Heather Kroll@ECT 02/20/2001 03:07 PM Thought you'd find this interesting. Ozzie, I want to retain the option of keeping Alamac (create a control area), and selling New Albany. From a desk perspective, retaining at least one control area is strategically important, and if I can sell New Albany for $175 million and keep Alamac for $20-30 million, we may want to do that Given the strength in the long term gas market ($4.50 - 5.25/MMBtu over a 15 year period), it is much easier to hedge the forward value of a coal plant On the other hand, peakers are literally worth zero on a forward basis, given low heat rate forward pricing. Can we remove AIG from the middle, if necessary? Pop quiz to follow Lisa Mellencamp@ECT 02/20/2001 04:05 PM Sent by: Linda J Simmons@ECT this is going out to a broad group and may not be relevant to some, but please be aware that other ENA assets may go into the velocity/condor structure at a couple points this year. also

Cyntia have been aggressively targeting the Royalty Trust Co.'s as they should be a perfect fit re reducing/fixing G&A, back-office costs, etc. I am of the opinion it will close Wednesday. Legal teams meeting tomorrow for final review. Municipal Resolution received and accepted by our legal today. Bank transfers being set up tomorrow for Wednesday 2 pm. But we have been here before. Will advise MFG Joe Kishkill 02/19/2001 07:08 PM The municipality approved the outstanding issue and produced a resolution. Haedicke needs to review the resolution. If no issues in the resolution then we should close on Wednesday. Mike is working the details...anything to add Mike? Kish What happened with Arcor. Lavo Hello everyone. In December we decided to kill our planned offsite due to market volatility. Louise and I would like to get everyone together offsite, probably in late June (once Louise is back from holiday (just kidding)). I think it's time to go have a little fun with the group driving Enron's success. I would like suggestions as to: 1) Where to go. 2) What should be the focus of the business meetings. 3) Should we have business meetings or should we do something else (ie. climb a mountain)? I'm not a strong bid on climbing a mountain. 4) And any other ideas you have. In addition I would like to start having staff meetings about once a month. The first one will be Friday May 11th at 2:30 p.m. Please add this to your schedule. I have invited everyone who has P/L responsibility. Portland, Calgary and Toronto will have to be on Video or Phone conference John kIM PRINT THIS STUFF AND MAKE IT A HIGH PRIORITY FOR ME TODAY,. Per your request here are the documents you might need regarding Arcor. This was what Dave reviewed last with the exception of the latest currency forwards. Short Story Version: Plant close pending Monday February 12th Need Skilling's approval because most recent revisions to the dash incorporated a new market view of Argentina devaluation risk lowered the Project IRR below RAC Capital Price 18.92% vs 21.88%. Additional $800,000 not in the dash from true up structure and major maintenance savings. Currency forwards significantly down since the project was reviewed in December due to 40 Billion IMF Argentine package Low cost commercial platform to build from $180 per KW Liquid market to resell asset due to pending utility privatization in Cordoba Please let me know if you have any questions I am in town until Thursday afternoon. MFG Project Overview Original Dash Amended Dash Heat Rate Curve Upside Analysis Currency Forwards-February 6, 2001 Months Future FX Cost p.a. 1 1.0007 0.8% 2 1.0015 0.9% 3 1.0030 1.20% 6 1.015 3.00% 9 1.025 3.35% 12 1.04 4.00% 24 1.085 4.16% 36 1.15 4.77% Currency Forwards-Late December 2000 Congrats Please put a plan together for me. John As of this moment the acquisition of the Arcor Modesto Maranzana Power Facility has been completed. All documents and assets have been executed

Saler? Or is that too dramatic? How about Ali "the impaler" Saler? Or is that too dramatic? If I change my name to Mr Crankman (for today only), I'll think of a name for you, too. Alexandra Saler@EES 12/11/2000 08:56 AM how was your weekend? how was Philly? I want to hear about the party. I heard you got out of making a speech! Emma's naming was really nice. I am kind of overdosed on family, but my mom is here until tomorrow so guess what I am doing tonight???? Tomorrow night one of the little ones is singing at the Galleria, and Thursday another one has the staring role in Guys and Dolls. She is actually a great little actress. Am I the best cousin or what? I schlep to all this stuff! I really do love it though What is new with you? is this on the calendar? Cindy Olson @ ENRON 12/11/2000 03:06 PM Sent by: Kayla Ruiz@ Any pumping you can do would be appreciated. Thanks. Jeff Joe Gold 02/23/2001 05:35 AM Thanks for the info. I will give him a call Rottenburg has not called me recently. After reflection, that seems wierd He used to call me pretty often. If you want someone to go to lunch with him and pump him for info, let me know. He lives around the corner from me. It wouldn't be obvious Joe Joe Saar Banin's work number in the UK at Goldman is 0207 774 6181. He had been in metals for them for some time, and just moved over to gas and power (in the UK) He's an aggressive, smart guy who I've known for 10 years. Top notch. Hope all is well Jeff PS has Doug Rottenburg been calling anyone over there? We haven't heard a sound from him Thanks for the email. You make some good points I'm still working with HR to address your bonus. Thanks for your patience, but we'll get there Jeff Niamh Clarke 02/14/2001 10:10 AM Apologies for not sending this sooner - wrote it a few days ago...but just some of my thoughts on the general marketing question for the group. May be useful background reading for you When someone starts an email as you did, I think I have an idea of what you are going to say We need to talk. I have a dinner meeting tonight. Should be home sometime after 9pm. (I may come back to the office afterward but probably won't.) information that may be confidential, be protected by the attorney-client or other applicable privileges, or constitute non-public information. It is intended to be conveyed only to the designated recipient(s). If you are not an intended recipient of this message, please notify the sender by replying to this message and then delete it from your system. Use, dissemination, distribution, or reproduction of this message by unintended recipients is not authorized and may be unlawful. What do you mean funds are being told According to sources,

or me with any questions. Marie Heard Senior Legal Specialist Hi, Bianca! Francisco Pinto Leite has asked me to give him a list of all outstanding ISDAs and Deemed ISDAs with Mexican counterparties. Can you send me a list of the Deemed ISDAs that are still outstanding (either comments received or counterparty has not returned signed copy). Thanks! Marie Marie Heard Senior Legal Specialist fhdftghfht Esmeralda: I'm available. Thanks! Marie Good morning ladies: Mary asked that I coordinate a meeting with you regarding Training and Files. Please let me know if you are available to meet with Mary tomorrow, Thursday, June 21, 2001 @ 9:30 a.m. for approximately 30 minutes. Thanks. Esmeralda Gonzalez I'm just now going through my e-mails from last week as I was out cleaning up after the flood. I had given Cynthia the omnibus forms before I left, so I don't know what they are doing/not doing up there. Marie At what point was this discussed? I thought we were handling just like ENA. Did you ever discuss with Cynthia or Molly? I was looking for an Omnibus type doc which incorporates the same credit terms as the ISDA we draft we sent; why are we incorporating a document that has not been signed? I'd like to be consistent with how we manage financial transactions across the company. Let's discuss. Thanks. Michael - based on the new version of the deal ticket changing the volume and price slightly, I have added these changes to the form of confirmation that Cynthia had marked up last. Please everyone review as Michael would like to send an executable copy tomorrow morning to RM. Please advise. Thanks! Molly LaFuze Enron Broadband Services Phone: 713.853.3005 Fax: 713.646.8103 Cel: 713.503.9760 Molly.LaFuze@.net Enron ranks #7 in Fortune's 500 - Fortune Magazine, April 16, 2001 I've updated the price and the volume. Please send Imad and me the updated confirmation for execution tomorrow. Please note that the confirm should contain the new language that Cynthia has added (Imad said that you were aware of this). Please contact Imad if you have any additional questions. Thanks. Michael Simmons Enron Global Semiconductor Services Phone: 713-853-7842 Mobile: 713-825-6803 Fax: 713-853-7342 WHAT???????? How can this be? Who allowed this to happen? What are we going to do? There is no one worthy to take your place as favorite credit person. Those structuring people can't possibly be nicer than us. I guess I wish you well, although it's going to be bad for us. Oh, as far as the HUGE Happy Hour, I hope you aren't getting your hopes up too high. Remember, it's Bill! Seriously, we will miss you and I wish you all the best. Marie Hey my favorite legal people, Just wanted to let you folks know that I have accepted a position in the Nat Gas Structuring group beginning full time July 16th ( I will be part-timing between the two groups beginning July 2nd). This change comes as I have interviewed for the Associate

has done with setting up the Weather desk here in Oslo deserves very positive feedback, even if we didn't make money last year. We have really moved up the deal flow and are poised for an outstanding year 2001 in Weather. In the future I will obviously cross check all things like this with you and Mark, so there aren't any misunderstandings going forward Thor Hi Thor, Sorry you won't make our offsite, but a little vacation every so often is never a bad thing I do have a question about Bjarne's promotion to director. When I look at the P&L for Oslo weather trading, you showed a loss of about $1 million, and I don't think that deserves this promotion. What else does he do? I'm also concerned that neither Mark (nor I) had any notice of this. His promotion has caused some difficulty over here and I'd like to get this cleared up Jeff Great article. When/where will this be published. Have a great weekend Jeff Julie Greenwood Dear Jay, Here is the Jay Baker piece for our newsletter. I like the way it turned out. I worked on it a bit...he is so proud of its humbleness and ofcourse I love the fact that it is so understated but a few of his initial comments were a bit much. After all this house is extraordinary quality and as you know it is always harder and probably more expensive to create something simple and elegant. See what you think and call me or email with any changes and then we'll run them by Jay Baker. Hope you love the house. Julie - jaybaker.pdf I may or may not be in town, but I think Mike will be here. It's probably important that one of us attend Jeff Daniel Reck 10/05/2000 05:52 PM Can either of you make this meeting? Its not necessary, but it would give you more insight into what's going on with this potential deal. --Dan DATE: Friday, October 6, 2000 TIME: 9:00 a.m. - 10:00 a.m. LOCATION: EB3321 PARTICIPANTS: Patrick Conner Tim Detmering Jay Fitzgerald Dan Reck Greg Whalley Thanks for your interest. Mike and I have looked at cement a little, so I'm interested in your perspective. Please contact my asst. Jennifer Burns, at ext 39440 and get on my calendar Jeff Kenneth Booi@_DEVELOPMENT 10/05/2000 05:35 PM Jeff: CALME's HR advised me that there is no match for my skills and experience in your business unit. I spent a great part of my professional career in the oil & gas business. Therefore, I have contacted Mike Brown to see if I can bring value to his team. I have not gotten any response yet. As I have about three weeks left to find a position within Enron, I would like to explore/seek origination opportunities in a totally new area for Enron: Cement. This industry can be transformed to the new economy and given its size, it may well be a significant income generating market

shirt ( yes.. we have changed our name back to Financial Operations). All salary adjustments will be effective September 1st. I know that this has been a busy and challenging year for everyone and is likely to remain that way for awhile. We have made tremendous progress toward our major goals this year of cleaning up our accounts, understanding our balance sheet, getting our arms around our cash flow, dealing with tremendous volume growth in trading and building timely and value-added management reporting products. I recognize and appreciate all of your efforts. The 2001 fourth quarter earnings release date has been set for Tuesday, January 22, 2002. Nicole Mendez Sr. Administrative Assistant EWS - Financial Operations EB 2375D Phone: 713-853-1431 Fax: 713-646-5997 Ashley R. Worthing You HAVE to watch this..it is hilarious This is a flash w/ sound, so turn down the speakers a bit and watch. Funny funny. < Girl, get your butt back in the house and don't come again! Yes we got your message and there is no problem with you being out. Get some rest and feel better soon. Dana I will be out today. Could you please let everyone know just in case they are looking for me. I send Marnie an email too. My arm is swolen and sore. I am in pain Sorry, Veronica I'm taking a half day vacation Monday but I will be in after lunch; around 1pm. I need to ask a quick question. I was trying to get Pam to get Hope to confirm Nov. 5th as my start date so that there wouldn't be any surprises. Pam said that Hope gave her the OK to call Bill to discuss my transition date but he wasn't there so she had to leave him a message. I'm not sure if that was yesterday or day before but they are speaking a little more openly about me leaving now and she mentioned that he hadn't returned her call. I think they know that 3 weeks is a bit much so I think the call that she made to Bill is more less to make sure that he doesn't need me any earlier. What do you think? Give me a call please to let me know if there is anything else that I need to be doing at this time. Thanks, Dana X3-7520 I think this is special to exit right mouse click cancel show. Have a wonderful day.Thanks. The photos are awesome -press your spacebar to change pictures (See attached file: THINGSAR.PPS) I'll be looking forward to receiving that report and thank you for the update. Mrs. Davis Don't think of it as "dropped." This is a new six weeks. Remember, I don't have a lot of grades at this point, so any zeros really bring down their grades. Once she turns in her work, it will com up. You will be getting a detailed report on Friday. >> "Davis, Dana" So you are telling me that her grade has dropped

financial swap with C. Puerto for 50/70 MW for maybe 2/3 years. Does this volume & term trigger any posting of LC from Puerto's behalf? Thanks, Julian email address is correct but I am not Carol St. Clair (the next name in your list). MH Editorial Dear Colleague; As a part of our on-going quality control efforts, this is an E-mail message from Martindale-Hubbell to validate that we are accurately reporting your electronic address in our print and electronic products. In order to ensure that your e-mail address will appear correctly in our next print edition and electronic formats, it is important that you verify the accuracy of your information by responding "YES". If your electronic address has changed, please supply us with the correct information. Your reply is requested by 12:00 noon (Eastern Standard Time) on Thursday, 2/3/2000. Thank you for your help. Sincerely, Martindale-Hubbell Editorial Department For internal use: sshackl@ 9271913700 0000000 St. Clair Carol L. 3 We need to contact these guys before our legal/credit meeting. Let me know if you want me to make the contact. SS Have you sorted through the ENE ISDA masters with Jeff Nogid? Should I call him again? Anyway, it looks like another request is attached. Sara Clement Abrams@ 02/07/2000 10:48 AM Sara, Per our conversation. Jeff Nogid@ECT 11/12/99 03:26 PM Clem Here is another ISDA agreement we'd like to get signed. How is the SBCM ISDA going? Thanks Jeff Jeff, at the request of my colleague Andy Hubbard, please find attached for your perusal a copy of CSFP's draft Schedule to the Agreement. Once you have had an opportunity to review the draft Schedule please do not hesitate to contact me either on telephone number (212) 325-3633, facsimile number (212) 325-8044 or via email at keith.mcnally@csfp.co.uk with any questions or comments you may have. I look forward to hearing from you, at your earliest convenience. Thanks and KEITH MCNALLY Email: keith.mcnally@csfp.co.uk Assistant Vice Presidennt LEGAL DEPARTMENT CREDIT SUISSE | FINANCIAL PRODUCTS TEL. (212) 325 3633 Credit Suisse First Boston Corporation FAX. (212) 325 8044 11 Madison Avenue, New York, N.Y. 10010 - kmsc1.doc I never heard back from you last week. Can we continue to send this report monthly? Some addressees have changed. Sara Feb. 17 is good for me. The following is a FREE service brought to you by SmartPortfolio.Com, located on the Web at Update February 7, 2000 Monday's Market Update: Nasdaq Hits Record, Dow Slips 1. Monday's Market Action 2. Internet and Tech Stocks 3. Notable Earnings Announcements 4. Notable Upgrades and Downgrades 5. Stock Splits 6. IPO Commentary 7. IPO Calendar ************************* Advertisement Hot IPOs Ready to Start Trading This Week! This week is another sizzling week for IPOs, with a host of companies ready to make their public debut! Several IPOs profiled in prior issues of the Smart!IPO Report skyrocketed on their public debuts and have continued to surge even after their first days of trading. MetaSolv Software (Nasdaq:MSLV) is a great example - it

Event: Executive Breakfast Date: Thursday, August 3, 2000 (hosted by Joe Sutton) or Friday, August 4, 2000 (hosted by Jeff Skilling) Time: 7:45-9:00 a.m. Location: DePelchin Children=01,s Center 100 Sandman (close to Memorial and Shepherd intersection) =20 Transportation: Bus will depart from the Enron Building (Andrews Street side)=20 promptly at 7:30 a.m. NOTE: Bus transportation is encouraged, due to limited onsite parking.=20 However, if you should need to drive, a map will be provided. Please R.S.V.P. no later than Wednesday, July 26 to confirm your attendance=20 and bus transportation to Jessica Nunez=20 at 853-1918. anytime after 4:30pm is fine...I am at EB-3233C Fletch Scott, I'm receiving faxes from you guys everyday, and would just like to be taken off the global e-mail distribution. Thanks, Fletch Sturm Enron Sheri, Robyn Menear is my new assistant on the FT-Central book. I'd like to have her set up to use EOL stack manager, product manager, and transact on the website. I believe she already has a login ID for the website, but I don't know about the others. In addition, her trades (stack manager customer trades, and her own website trades) need to go into my book (FT-Central). If you need me to do anything else in order for this to happen, let me know. Thanks, Fletcher Sturm x36219 Melba, The description you sent to me yesterday seems a little confusing...How about the following: Floating price A: Gas Daily midpoint for Henry Hub Floating price B: Gas Daily midpoint for __________ Buyer pays Floating price A plus applicable basis, seller pays Floating price B We should substitute your long description for "Gas Daily midpoint" above Run this by everyone ASAP so we can activate these products. Fletch Sturm x3-6219 NatGas is going to the moon on Monday! Fletcj Douglas, Thanks for your interest...My book does go into some option detail (not really collars since they're a combination of the tools I discuss) and plenty of swap transactions. Obviously, I think you would gain some insight for both your personal and professional interests if you go through it. Thanks again, Fletcher Sturm we're ok for now...thanks for checking fletch thanks for the note! we're doing fine and trying to get some sleep here and there...i'll e-mail pic's to you...take care. fletch Please put this on my calander for Wed (5/3) at 3:30 in 30C1. Thanks, Fletch that's not our house for sale yet, but probably in the next 6 months or so...not in a hurry as it feels like real estate market cooling off somewhat. thanks. Fletch Greg, Check out a company called Opus 360 for recruiting IT people (www.opus360.com). It might be a good investment for the equity group too (OPUS). Fletch Sorry, just read this e-mail and don't think I did the trade you are referring to. Let me know. Fletch Greg, I've been working with an IT guy here who has been building a spreadsheet for some of us that can receive live prices from EOL. I've used this to build

give us a bit of a heads-up on timing and we will come to Houston. , Dan. Daniel P. E. Fournier Blake, Cassels & Graydon LLP 3500, 855 2nd Street S.W. Calgary, Alberta T2P 4J8 Tel: 403-260-9636 Fax: 403-260-9700 Email: dpef@blakes.com This email communication is confidential and legally privileged. If you are not the intended recipient, please notify me at the telephone number shown above or by return email and delete this communication and any copy immediately. Thank you. Jane: ISDA is planning an energy seminar in Tokyo in mid-May. We have heard there may be an energy seminar in March or April in Tokyo. Have you heard of the earlier seminar? We are trying to decide whether it makes sense to go forward on the May seminar. Could you look into this and talk to the traders. Thanks for your help. , Mark Today, I talked to the GC of both Southern and Duke. Each GC said they were not really up to speed on the issues. I took the opportunity to walk them through the Nerc letter and the action taken at the Serc board meeting. They each attempted to argue our fight was really with TVA. Mark Looks good to me. Mark Rob Walls@ 12/07/2000 01:50 PM I attach for your review the final draft of the proposed Enron U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act Policy. As I mentioned this morning, this draft is the result of many months of work by Mary Nell Browning, Bob Williams, Joe Dilg (Vinson and Elkins) and Martin Weinstein (Foley and Lardner). I would like to roll this policy out early in the new year and so would appreciate receiving your comments as soon as possible but not later than the end of this year. Please feel free to call me if you have any questions or need any information. Thanks. Rob no problema Jeffrey T Hodge 12/08/2000 04:00 PM Mark: In follow-up to our conversation at lunch Monday, I am hoping to take Thursday and Friday of next week off (December 14 and 15). That will bring me down to having only a week left. After that, I will be taking only a day or two on a "when it looks good" basis. Let me know if you have any concerns with that schedule. Thanks, Jeff fyi Andreas Kraemer@ 12/08/2000 09:26 AM FYI, Mark Haedicke from Legal informed me that there is some sort of conflict and consequently legal concerns over hiring John Bloomer as outside consultant. As a contract with him would probably not be approved by Legal we won't further pursue to hire him for our technical due diligence. Andreas Eric: I have talked to Alan Aronowitz about this as well. You need more resources immediately from inside. We will also have to recruit outside to get enough resources as the business grows. , Mark Eric Gonzales 12/06/2000 04:45 AM Mark, I just wanted to send you a quick note regarding the LNG legal support. As we discussed several

be in town on August 3rd 12:00 to discuss information exchange. Let me know if you are available. Stewart Glenn- I really have no interest in Lewis River or Klamath since there is zero correlation to the Columbia flows.... However, I'll offer the whole deal at $3 million per year with the hair if they're insistent. Or we'll do any power options the weather desk wants. Where do we stand on this? I sent Sanjeev some Asian Option Pricing last week; I get the sense he wants to pursue the original stream flow structure (one which were not comfortable with). Let me know what our commercial position is. Thanks Glenn: How is the pricing for the stream flow going? Please let me know, Sanjeev This is what the broker has -- I wonder if you could check it out and see if it's regulated flow or not. Also we can use whatever proxy we want if you have any suggestions. Charts for today's meeting are attached: Scott Freeman Enron Summer Analyst West Power Trading Desk Work: 503-464-3911 Portland Cell: 503-701-1163 Austin Cell: 512-294-7692 Home: 503-236-6204 Pleasure to have spoken with you last night concerning your interest in arranging for 7-10,000 sf of office space. Will be pleased to represent your organization in this effort. I will have the Pre-Lease Planning questionnaire delivered to you this morning. Please let me know what time works for you on Monday. Look forward to working on your behalf. M Mike Holzgang Senior Vice President Colliers International Direct: 503.499.0055 Fax: 503.227.2447 Michael.Holzgang@colliers.com www.colliers.com/portland I'll be out this Thursday and Friday- Mike Driscoll will handle EOL & curves- Have a great 4th Please transfer $100,000 from LTNW to "origination" this is for Laird's work on a long-term City of Santa Clara (NP-15) deal done 4/18/01. Dick: Kimberly Hundl will be forwarding certificates for the Transaction (Trade Date: 6/12/01) which we request be executed by Randy L. Berggren, General Manager/Secretary. Please let me know if you have any questions. Thank you for your assistance. Sara Shackleton Enron Wholesale Services 1400 Smith Street, EB3801a Houston, TX 77002 Ph: (713)853-5620 Fax: (713)646-3490 Jill could you try 7/5 to 7/7 or 7/12 to 7/14 for Mike and my trip to Calgary. Hey, No problem on the tickets, I just need to know when you would like to change them for and they will charge us about a $100 a ticket. So if you can let me know by tomorrow and I will get it taken care of Thanks, Jill The hotel's no is 011-52-144-34444 -- Talk to Raul in reservations-- he says there still rooms available (mostly garden views-- but it's still the place to go) Kim below are the websites to book the hotel, Melia San Lucas-- I'd like room #502- we also would like a suite for evening get togethers with the whole group. Thanks. I believe this is the best choice- Great hotel, close to town with golf, tennis, fishing right there. The rooms are great and

1 1/2 hours. Matt, why don't you go in my place, that sounds like it is going to hurt.. However, Scott Goodell will be here AND we have new and improved smaller cubes now Hey fellas, I'm going to a meeting in your building tomorrow at 2:30 p.m. If time allows, I would like to stop by and visit each of you after the meeting. I've never seen your workstations (?) before. ii Kay, I have a conference call with 2 of our outside attorneys at 2:00 PM on Monday so I may not be there. I also sent the first response to Donna Greif, Kevin Brady's manager. You gave me 2 invoices for CNR that are not on your April 2002 payment worksheet. Producer Volume Amount J E Harris 815 $260.80 Carol Littleton 748 $239.36 Should I toss these 2 invoices or should they be included in the list? Name Company Number Comment Toby Lester FPL Energy Services 561-625-7020 Small player but they may sleeve some volumes for you. Scott Garrison Entergy-Koch 713-544-4999 I don't think I spoke to this guy. I can't remember. Jim Taylor Reliant Energy 713-207-1482 See note below. [Germany, Chris Nelson Ferries Duke Energy 713-989-0725 Nelson never told me that he wouldn't do any deals so you might get something going. Reliant Energy. I would like to talk to Reliat if you want to do something with them. I currently have a cash balance of $228,000 with Reliant. We are going to send them and invoice for $156,000 for sales ENA made to Reliant. That will leave me with about $71,000 and maybe we can do something to work it off. Cinergy will not trade with Enron. Robin Barbe's contact told her they would not trade with us regardless. I didn't make tooo many changes. Take a look at Florida and Koch. Fantastic. You behave yourself and try to get us jobs TOO Hey Ya'll, Just wanted to let ya'll know that I am employed now!! Yeah!!!! I am going to be a Algonquin Gas Scheduler for Duke-Energy! I am so excited and relieved. Hope ya'll have a great Christmas! Keep in touch, Shanna _________________________________________________________________ Join the world's largest e-mail service with MSN Hotmail. Sign us up. BUT, I may be WHO KNOWS WHERE sowing all my wild oats with half naked Brazilian women. I don't have that many oats left anyway, it could just be an oat. By the way, Suzanne made a Second Baptist comment to me yesterday when I was talking to Robert. I can't remember exactly what she said but I sure do wish you wouldn't tell her anymore STUFF about us. I finally figured out that her and Jim are very similar. Information is power that they can share with others, even useless trivia information about friends. I don't think either one of them mean any harm, they just can't keep their big mouths shut. I'm off to another wild day of tariff review. Call me when you can, it

asked him to call you or me back with the info. He is pretty bad about returning phone calls, though. Kay I just sent him another email with the document attached. If I don't hear from him, I will definitely give him a call. Cutting out those 2 columns did nothing for the length of the document, so the print is still small to fit on one page. I think it's readable because I can see it! Kay Mann@ 07/18/2000 02:09 PM It might work better if you call. Steve is very nice. I've sent several emails trying to find out Cheryl's last name and Jeff Darst's information with no response. I'll try again. Same city, different Westin. This one is on the Riverwalk, the other was near the Hyatt. I like San Antonio for the trip though. Easy! Busy as usual. Love, Kay Good morning sweetie. How did it go this morning? The law conference in May looks nice. Isn't that where it was last year? Gota go. John wants to talk to me. Love, NM I'm getting hourly updates. I haven't talked to John today. Carlos tell you about the security guard by HR? Debbie went to Paper. And I was wondering why Reagan has been "full of himself" lately. Carlos filled me in on the stuff "over yonder". My, My, My. K- Kay Mann 02/08/2001 11:27 AM Scooped me on Ray. I like him. I heard Debbie Chance is transferring to another group, and that Reagan is going to be an originator (not a developer). that Ray Hoppe is leaving (if not already gone)? Think he is going to Duke. K- OPPS. I registered twice. I'm just taking up one seat that day! Kay Please let me know your availability for Monday, February 12, 2001 for an hour to discuss both the attached document and new changes with EEC/NEPCO Also, please note on your calendars, a meeting on Thursday, February 15, 2001 from 11:00 a.m. to 1:30 p.m. in 3AC4C1. Lunch will be provided. Please get back to me with your availability as soon as possible. Thank you, Megan Angelos 3-0420 Hi. How's it going? Any more thoughts on tomorrow night? We could ask your mother to sit for a little while. I think it is pretty neat to get invited to the Enron one. The head of the power trading legal group stopped by and said to let her know if I ever want to change groups. I thought that was nice. I'm contemplating doing something special with Michael over spring break. I figure you guys have lots of "guy only" stuff coming up, but there aren't a lot of "mom/son" opportunities. (be realistic) Maybe we should take a Disney cruise, since that's something you wouldn't like to do. Love, ckm Could you check out the sitter thing? We could drop off Michael and take the Enron Field shuttle. I don't need to stay late - I'm sure 2 hours would do it. I would like

spoken with CDWR several times since we submitted our proposal. They are immediately interested in a 5 year power sale and then want to discuss Pastoria. I updated a price for Freeman for 200MW Peak SP-15 5 Year ($124/MWh). I also spoke with their lawyers a couple of times to start trading comments. I volunteered to send a team to LA today or tomorrow, but so far they prefer to discuss by phone. Their lawyers acknowledge that the primary issue for suppliers is credit. They are working on an agreement with CPUC that would ensure that CDWR would have an adequate revenue stream to support the contracts. Their intent is to make the supply contracts have priority over the bonds. Until that happens, we maintain that we require a cash prepayment or letter of credit to support any deal. I expect to hear from them again later today. I will keep you posted. , Chris Working you. John, I'm trying to close these employment contracts this week - you wanted me to talk to Chad. Can you give me some parameters on s/b and equity. Dave I changed it slightly so I could sleep at night. The top line is just a little joke from me to you. Let me know. Lavo If he shows up for work again can you get him to call me. Just to let you know, Chris did not quit when his book was taken away from him, however, he also did not show up for work today. , Jon Print and put in my inbox John & Louise - To follow up on our previous meeting regarding the coal initiative, I've attached a brief description of the approach going forward, including some first-cut proforma results. Our goal over the next month is to more fully vet the cost and operations numbers in the attached and to nail down probable sites. In mid-April, after we've more fully vetted the costs, we'll route our detailed proforma. After reviewing, let me know if you have questions or want to discuss further. Mitch I'm prettry pumped about losing 13 The gas desk lost $13MM. West desk made $56MM, financial desk lost $45MM. East Power lost 10MM West power lost approx 5MM Frank WE seem to be missing Matt Motley in Portland John - Attached is the file of ENA Commercial Managers and above with supervisors and LTI unvested equity added. We used an Enron stock price of $65 for the unvested equity. Let me know if you need additional info. Sheila X36628 Steve looks ok. Although I always thought I built Canada. I guess not eh. Lavo. CONFIDENTIAL - DO NOT DISTRIBUTE Steve Kean would like your comments on this email as soon as possible. Thanks. Greg Our Copel shares are falling in value. We have never marked this investment even though it is public. We currently own ADR's - ELP is the ticker. We are restricted (i think) in selling until July. At the current price we

inexpensive. Those power plant projects in early planning stages or those with higher merchant risk will likely be delayed but that depends on where in No. Americal they are located. Those plants slated for severely constrained NERC territories will probably continue to move forward, as evidenced by recent announcements for new plants in the MAIN and WSCC regions. just my thoughts, you get what you pay for. KH As always, when we have a juicy topic, anyone on your staffs that you think would benefit from this are invited to attend. DF When we originally decided to use my staff meetings for "graduate education" one of the hot topics was the electric industry. We all had a first lesson on this topic in Shelley's electricity seminar last summer. Now, John and Kevin have graciously agreed to join us Tuesday at 1:30 to discuss recent developments in electric markets and NN's and TW's efforts to attract power generation load to the system. Specific topics I hope to cover include the following: 1. What are the key factors that determine where a power plant developer puts his plant 2. Do the transmission access and pricing rules of the various utilities/power pools vary all that much or are Order 888 tariffs pretty much the same all over? 3. How do IPPs decide what fuel supply strategy works best (i.e., buy bundled delivered fuel from someone vs. buy gas, storage, transport, etc separately)? 4. What is the RTO Rule and why should we care? 5. Has $5/mmbtu gas killed the gas fired power market? Depending on how deeply we get into these topics, we may need to schedule a follow-up session at a later date. I look forward to seeing you on Tuesday DF Not critical--if you have nothing better to do, great. DF Kathy Ringblom 10/25/2000 02:36 PM I was planning to take Halloween off - do you want me to come in for this? Doug_Gessell@Transcanada.com pls print. thanks df Sent by: ETS General Announcement Please read the attached document for information about an exciting new website for ETS employees! Looks good to me--load away. DF Dale Neuner@ECT 10/26/2000 09:37 AM Please ensure that I have done this as expected and offer your approval, then I'll send for loading. MARTHA BENNER ENRON 10/26/2000 09:18 AM Per Steve Kirk and Drew Fossum please add the following in the "Other" section of the TFX Agreement: Shipper agrees that if it utilizes Northern's capacity release program to release, on either a temporary or permanent basis, any capacity subject to the discount contained herein at a rate greater than the discounted rate, Shipper shall receive a demand charge credit only for the amount of the discounted rate agreed to herein. (Please forward this message to Naved Ahmed. Thank you.) Martha for Dari Dornan Inspiring letter. My few changes attached. Drew, here is a draft of a letter responding to USGT's with regard to the unpaid invoice for alternate points. Thought I would see if you have any

home number if anyone needs to reach me. My number is 281 866 8797, my cell number is 832 368 3286 I would like to take the following Wednesdays as vacation days if it does not cause a conflict in staffing: September 27, October 11, October 25 and November 8. I would also like to take December 27 through 29 as vacation days. Please let me know if this will be problem. Tax has confirmed that the MG deals should be confirmed in the name of RMT (and NOT ENA). I will have an RMT/MG Ltd. ISDA master put in place. Joe: (1) Please confirm the exact name of the MG entity. (2) Please confirm that the first trade date was [6/16/00]. Susan: Please start the process for a new ISDA Master to be effective [6/16/00]. Carol St Clair 09/14/2000 03:08 PM Sara: Thanks for your note and sorry that I haven't called recently. I have joined some day time tennis leagues at our club and between that, Charles, Arthur etc. life has been fairly hectic. I keep trying to pick a good day to come up to the office, but so far have not found a day that works for both Bill and I but hopefully I'll see everyone soon. By the way, you and anyone else in the group are always welcome to come out here!! I know that it is far and that you all are busy but feel free to plan something if you want. How are the legal assistant's and the rest of the group? How are you doing I must say that I am enjoying my time away from the office. Charles is doing great. He is now 13 pounds, 6 ounces and allot 23 inches. He is growing like a weed and eats often which keeps me busy round the clock although he has started to sleep some more at night. We are slowly but surely getting into a routine with him and I feel blessed to have Bill here to help. It's hard to believe that 2 months has already gone by! Time flies when you are having fun. Anyway, hang in there and keep me posted. Say hi to Mike for me and if he ever wants to play some tennis, please call us. Carol St. Clair EB 3892 713-853-3989 (Phone) 713-646-3393 (Fax) carol.st.clair@ I only know what Dale told me. I have no idea who else is involved. SS We have exchanged calls. Do you know if any credit function has been involved in this transaction? Perhaps there was an underwriter involved? It may take some time to educate myself on the transaction I was in the midst of sending this "Rosenblum, Gary(CICG-GEDNY)" 09/14/2000 03:37 PM Sara, Hope all is well by you. Attached is a marked and clean draft of the confirmation for the Swap Transaction, revised to reflect our discussion on your comments. I note that the confirmation retains the Change in Law provision (with marked changes) for

been there to a., mock and harass me, and b., make yourselves as hated as this american made herself....why is that cider makes you want to sing show tunes and bitch about shitty english washing machines....? anyways- just wanted you to know i was thinking of you- even if it WAS after i thought for 15 minutes where the closest burger king was ( *jen- this is as close as you're going to get to those ridiculous miniature books w/ PMS quotes you're so fond of......how id boulder by the way...?) sue- glad you got home okay- going thru withdrawl yet? matt- got your emails- twice. double thanks. hope my biting response hasn't sent you into therapy- yet. kk, llkj,etc- hope all is well in lala land- just fyi- i think red bull is cheaper here- imagine the possibilities! and for the reat of the gang- enjoy yourselves at the infamous cougar 5 yr- i will- OF COURSE- be there in spirit.....and i'm not being cynical, really call/write soon, s'il vous plait e Share information about yourself, create your own public profile at Sarah Mulholland 10/12/2000 03:28 PM jen and i wanted to send this out as a reminder and if its about the fourth time you got it i don't want to hear any complaining. invite one, invite all....just spread the word to anyone we missed sarah Sarah Mulholland 09/29/2000 09:17 AM hey kimmie........could you please forward this to all the east traders and schedulers. thanks so much! sarah Please join me in wishing Jen & Sarah good luck in all of their new endeavors with Enron Global Markets. We will be celebrating on Friday, October 13 Slainte Irish Pub, located at 509 Main Street. We have reserved the entire upstairs and plan arrive around 5:00 PM. Please forward this e-mail to anyone that might have been overlooked. If you have any questions, please give me a call. Thanks, Becky Young x30622 Gotta love people finder. ROBERT KEYLOCK CONTACT INFO COMPANY INFO Phone +442077834376 Employee Type : ENRON EMPLOYEE Email : robert.keylock@ Job Title : SENIOR CLERK Location : ENRON HOUSE Supervisor : SYMES, PETER Fax : +442077838746 Contract Company : ECT NON U.S. PAYROLL COMPANY Cellular 07769743489 Company Number : G-016 Cost Center 0000100348 Cost Center Name : EEL-IT OPERATIONS City : LONDON A. This made me laugh hard. B. This will be sent to everyone and their dog at Enron. C. This guy must hate life, bc he was still here at 1:46am. Robert Keylock@ECT 10/13/2000 01:46 AM I doubt I'll have one Mondays especially! On Monday it will be time to check your pulse Glad to hear things are going so well. No, I haven't spoken with Ted since my return...but, I did go out a few of the nights I was in London with an undergrad/grad school friend of his (among other people of course Surprise, surprise he didn't have many supportive words for Ted as dating material either. In summary he found Ted to

I'm in Fortune and Time. Pretty funny. Things are going well here . The big E just chugging along, bringing the stock price with it. Wish I could tell you everything new in my life, but I think I just did. Your long lost buddy, John Heather Robertson Is this "the 26-year-old chief of natural-gas derivatives"? If so, you should write me back after you complete your "nine hours and $1 billion in trades" today!! Does this mean I have to start calling you "Mr. John It was great to see you're doing so well Your long lost buddy, Heather Heather Lockhart Robertson HBK Investments LP Personal: 214.758.6161 Phone 214.758.1261 Fax Investor Relations: 214.758.6108 Phone 214.758.1208 Fax Eric: I passed the customer on to Jennifer Fraser and Fred Lagrasta. Please coordinate with them. Thanks, John seems crazy. if you're willing to ride it for a few cents against you it's a great trade. who knows where they're going in th eshort term though slafontaine@globalp.com on 12/01/2000 09:57:30 AM johnnny-you think these inverses ready to get sold yet? to me its all a timing issue but aug/oct at 4-5 cts seems rich rich for injection season. only issue is when to go? Steve: Sorry for the delay. I was actually out of the office Thursday and Friday...some Enron management training seminar bs. Count me as a probably for dinner on Friday. I know JP well Darcy Carrol's number is 713-646-4930. See you this wknd John slafontaine@globalp.com on 09/21/2000 12:19:40 PM silverman cant even get an email address rite. trying this again Steve LaFontaine 09/21/2000 11:19 AM hi johnny, still waiting for you to return my call. know your tied up these days with the online stuff. shudda been in today cuz the site just went down. anyway two things: im coming in for the vitol party the 28th and going to go oout to dinner friday the 29th with john paul of cms and a cupla of other trader/friends. if you dont have plans would be great to have you join. let me know if youre interested. also, i have a good friend ex cargill that joined enron. he's in i think your brazil office-biz development. was wondering if you cud help me get either his phone number or an email address or both. would appreciate it. things going well for me in the new digs-making good money and enjoying boston. still pretty active in natgas. when i let you outta those feb/mar a month or so ago i told mark silverman that there were only two people i wud let out of a trade. thats the truth. hope all is well and hope to talk to you soon.also 781-398-4332, cell 617-320-4332 You should be able to view this with Windows Media Player. Keep your eyes peeled. Chris use care Uncut version of today show - flash4.asf I have made reservations for 8:00 Wednesday evening at Fogo de Chao. For those of us who haven't been there, the address is 8250

International (713) 236-9999 Can you forward my e-mail? LOVE YOU! Mike If you haven't heard back in an hour or so, you may have to print it out and go down and shove it under their noses. Tana can show you where they sit if you don't already know. Hi, Mark - still waiting to hear from traders. Sara I wanted to follow up with you regarding the draft statement I sent around for comment last night. I know you are very busy, but would greatly appreciate it if you could send me any comments you have by noon New York Time. I re-attached it for your review. Thank you in advance. Kimberly Summe - Commodity Statement.doc I think Sara Shackleton was the last Enron lawyer to have worked on this. I was just speaking with Jan Aspuru - Director of their Fuel Services Division - and he tells me that they have not been able to get their ISDA completed with Enron and therefore have been doing all their swaps business with MS and Goldman. He said they have a 10 year coal purchase agreement and buy natural gas from us, but the ISDA had gotten bogged down between legal teams. I don't know what the legal issue is and neither did he, but his attorneys told him that whatever language we wanted in (which our attys said was minor) his attys felt was a major change - plus neither MS nor Goldman required the same language. Since they don't need the change for them, they see no reason to agree to it with us. Since I'm not familiar with your group, could you tell me who is handling this so Jan and I can understand the issue a little better? Thanks, Rich Friedman Enron Global Markets LLC richard.friedman@ 713-853-5137 Since this is for someone in the Governor's office, I have no objection. I think we need to be careful when regulators who might have an interest in regulating the system are asking. Please see below. Any thoughts on regulatory or legal implications? Let me know when you get a chance. Thanks, Brad Guest ID's are usually valid for two weeks. We can go longer than two weeks. How long do you want him to have access for? Finally it is probably a good idea for mark Taylor to know that a regulator is asking for access to EnronOnline. He may want to suggest an appropriate period of time for the access. Lisa Lees is in charge of customer access but I usually authorise anything more than 2 weeks. Take a look at the following request. How long are guest ID's usually good for? I'm not in favor of giving him access forever, but can we go longer than 2 weeks? Last question: who in your group is in charge of things like this so I don't have to bother you with it? Thanks, Brad I hope you are enjoying your new job! Sounds like a great opportunity. I

you there particularly since we still need to nail down treatment of energy products. I have attached event details. Thanks! - Lugar Fundraiser.doc Hey guys! Wow - 10 acres - sounds like a ranch! I'm still working at Enron in Houston - it's a good size energy company and the subsidiary I work for does a lot of trading of electricity and energy commodities like natural gas and oil. I'm in the legal department and work on derivatives trading contracts and issues. I just got promoted a few days ago so I guess things are going well. I had an e-mail from Paul Palmer a year or so ago and sent a note back but haven't heard from him since. Mark Kopinski & I stay in touch - he's in New York managing a couple of international mutual funds. He & Debbie adopted a little girl (Celena) from China and seem very happy living in a high-rise in the middle of Manhattan. I get up there on business a few times a year and try to stop in to say hi. I was in Monmouth for our 20 year class "reunion" last June. There were only 2 of us there and I didn't even remember the other guy! Oh well, maybe the 25th will be a bigger draw. C.F.&S., Mark Stacy Carey called back to say that the $500 would appreciated as would a person to attend. I didn't know if you had anyone who could go so I suggested that someone from your office call her on Monday morning to discuss details. Stacy's number is (202)457-6545. Cynthia: Here is a first draft of an agenda for our meeting this afternoon. Mark Here is the revised Koch confirmation marked to show the changes. I realized after I had sent the Koch confirmation to you (but before I faxed it to Koch) that I might have given too much away by using the Effective Date as the Buyer Payment Date. In the version I send to Koch I will change that to Trade Date. You can always change it to a later date if you want to tomorrow. I believe that this is not the GTC but rather the master agreement used for bandwidth. I spoke with Cynthia Harkness, one of the bandwidth lawyers, last week. My impression was that the bandwidth trading documentation was still in flux and they were waiting for it to settle down before preparing a GTC. David Forster 03/27/2000 04:26 PM Mark, Attached is a copy of the OTC GTC which the Bandwidth group wishes to use for Bandwidth trading on EnronOnline, launching May 1. Could you please let me know which of your guys will be looking after reviewing/amending this for EnronOnline? Thanks, Dave David, Here's a first cut of the data to get us started. Please have a look, and let me know what other blanks we will need to fill in as we go. I've also looked at the additional considerations, and we

specific Constitutional or congressional authority (which has been described a "zone of twilight"), and in light of the Truman steel mills case, I don't know how fruitful that might be. Please let me know if you would like me to do anything more. Thank you. Donna ++++++ fyi a number of legislators have told us that they were going to call or send Ken a note of apology for Lockyer's quote...would be interested in anyone actually did it...thanks Is Jeff available? Richard Shapiro 05/23/2001 03:17 PM We should do it.,....and should check Ken or Jeff's availability. Steve and Rick: I just received a call from NARUC's meeting coordinator, and she is putting together a panel of speakers to address "what is needed to achieve a balanced energy policy" at the summer committee meeting. The panel will consist of 2 state commissioners, a consumer "type", an environmental advocate, and an energy CEO. She is interested in having someone from Enron on the panel, which is scheduled for July 16th in Seattle. Are we interested in doing this Lisa Looks good to me. I'm glad you had the chance to work with Linda. Jeannie Mandelker@ECT 05/23/2001 03:31 PM Linda, thanks for making time for me today. This is the eBiz article we'd like to run Friday. I need your comments by noon tomorrow. You can e-mail them back or reach me at 3-6305. Thanks, Jeannie This looks like a run-of-the-mill conference except that the guest list is fairly senior. Any interest? If not, let Amy know. Steve, Attached is information about a conference sponsored by the Association of Energy Services Professionals International (AESP) taking place this August We received a request for an EES Executive speaker for the Symposium, but felt that it would be more appropriate for an Executive from Corporate to consider speaking here. There are Executives from companies such as The New Power Company, Cinergy and Entergy committed to speaking at the event. More information can be found in the document below. Please let me know if you have questions or comments. Thank you, Amy Buehler 713.853.7635 Please send any comments directly to Peggy. Peggy Mahoney@EES 05/24/2001 12:32 AM Attached is the first Q&A draft. Please review, add questions, edit, etc This will be used as a guide for media and government affairs responses Evan/Diann - It needs to be tailored for use as a customer service script. There are some blanks we could use your help on - noted in blue Max Eberts at 58804 and Beth Tilney at 35022 will be the contacts for edits via email or by phone. I will call-in when I arrive in Washington at about 1:30pm. Thanks Peggy I just spoke with Clark Smith, head of Elpaso's merchant arm. I told him that we had been hearing that El Paso was blaming Enrononline for problems in Western gas markets. He asked for some more specifics about who exactly was spreading the rumor (I told him we had heard it from 3-4 sources).

713-743-4881 (f) www.uh.edu/energyinstitute ++++++ Hi Ashley! A couple of things. First of all, my new renter, Doug, wonders whether he can just call the utilities & phone and transfer from his name to yours (rather than you cancelling and him having to pay any re-hookup fees that may apply). I don't know how it would work; maybe he could conference you in when he makes the calls. For what it is worth, he is a very nice guy to deal with, but it is totally up to you and I really don't care one way or the other. Also, I'm having someone come clean the place so you needn't worry about it, in case you were wondering. I will take care of it (it looks pretty clean anyway Please let me know your new address and I will send you your deposit refund next week. Merci! Susan Doug, Ashley's e-mail address is in the cc line if you want to get in touch with her. I hadn't thought that she might have had to put down a refundable deposit (rather than a hookup fee) for some of the utilities so logistically switching to your name might not be worthwhile, but it may be worth asking Remember I have water covered. Call or e-mail if you have questions! I believe Leslie does regulatory/legal work for ENA on a contract basis. Steven Harris 11/29/2000 08:58 AM I am not sure about Leslie Lawner but maybe Drew or Susan Scott know. I do not get reports from anyone else regarding activities in any state. Mike McGowan 11/29/2000 08:33 AM Steve - is Leslie Launer(sp?) an Enron employee? I know she once was, but I believe she lives in New Mexico and is used by Enron at times. Do we use her? What is her status and relationship with the pipeline group?? Do you get any reports from Tom Rutherford on New Mexico?? Frazier tells me he's available. How about 11:45 at Little Pappasito's on Kirby @ Richmond? Date, time, and either of those places are fine with me, subject to Frazier's availability. This would be a good opportunity to discuss topics for the luncheons, which Frazier and I have been trying to do for a while. I also need to share with you some conversations I've been having with folks at EBA in DC and proposals they are pushing at the Houston chapter. Oooh, "venue." I like it. The 24th is good with me. How about either Pappadeaux or Pappasito or anything else around the Kirby/59 area? Should take you guys the same amount of time getting out of downtown. 11:30? (to beat the lunch crowd). Susan.Scott@e 11/28/2000 02:40 PM Subject: RE: 24th IAEE International Conference I am free for lunch on 12/4. I'll see if Frazier's available. Why don't we choose a venue somewhere between Duke and downtown. Sounds like an excellent idea. Does lunch on Monday, December 4th work for your schedules? If not, let's hear a counter-offer. Susan, I go

birth to her second child Hope you're doing well Lisa Please adjust accordingly. Thanks. Jeff Shanna Funkhouser@ 01/31/2001 09:46 AM Kari, I swear I think this is the last one! Please adjust Heather Purcell to 80K at Shankman's request -- equity. Thanks, Shanna please print Tomsmile44@aol.com 01/30/2001 02:21 PM Jeff: Attached are a cover letter and a resume. Thank you for your assistance and consideration. Thomas Costantino 99 North Post Oak Lane, #5302 Houston, TX 77024 Phone: 713-680-8687 - Cover letter to J Shankman.ZIP sure, wed is better David Hoog 01/30/2001 04:14 PM i'll be in houston wed & thurs. when could we get together to talk about a couple of things? one is the legal question, which we need to resolve. the other could be lunch or after work. thanks. Come on. You should come to the tuesday traders' meeting. they've been really good. In 3321 4-5 each tuesday. I'll bring over a copy of the current book we are reading as enticement It's not a corvette, but it's a good book. sorry for the confusion. my asst. printed it out and didn't print the orig email. can you resend it. thanks RusAmArts@aol.com 01/30/2001 09:46 AM Dear Mr. Shankman, I guess I stumped you with my resume. Nevertheless, I still would like to hear your comments - positive or negative. As mentioned, I am extremely interested in working for Enron and would like to pursue that jop opportunity Look forward to hearing from you. , Rina Unfortunately, I will not be able to attend. Thanks. Jeff Shankman membership 02/23/2001 10:10 AM Please respond to mgalicki Dear Menil Contemporaries, Please do remember to RSVP for the lecture "Origins of Transatlantic Pop" presented by David E. Brauer and Jim Edwards this coming Wednesday Feb. 28 at 7pm. Please e-mail us back or RSVP to Elsian Cozens at 713-525-9451. We all there! Many thanks! Marta Galicki this was the guy that hired fred d'ambrosia back to enron after he was terminated for cause. a.g. is an ok guy but i'm not in love. i would however put him through the interview process. i'll follow up Mike McConnell 01/30/2001 06:54 AM Jeff, Interesting. Do you like this guy? What about Crude and products origination working for Randy? On the LNG front we should look at him if you like him but i don't think it is a no brainer. Neal will be coming on in 2 weeks, do we need him? Maybe we do. m Just to put me over the edge, I got a phone call last week from one of the gas trading h.r. people with respect to robin menear. she was listed as commercial support (still) and when I hired her last year, it was as a commercial manager. Your boy Brad McSherry didn't fix her class, even though this was a problem at mid year as well. Of course he told me it had been taken care of, but Hunter Shively showed up in my office last week to

1990: By cutting down beautiful forest trees, the logger makes $20. What do you think of this way of making a living? Topic for class participation after answering the question: How did the forest animals feel as the logger cut down the trees? There are no wrong answers. Teaching Math in 2000: A logger sells a truckload of lumber for $100. His cost of production is $120. How does Arthur Andersen determine that his profit margin is $60? The FIA Futures Services Division presents OpTech 2002 Tuesday, April 16 At the New York Marriott Marquis Hotel Register before March 15 and save $55! Early rate: $345 members; $400 non-members Register online today: www.futuresindustry.org More information for operations professionals in one place, on one day than any other conference? New York Exchange presidents (NYBOT, NYMEX, BrokerTec) discuss their plans for the future. Security futures update: the latest regulatory developments and how they impact operations professionals. Plus: Clearing Developments Disaster Recovery Anti-Money Laundering Managing Risk in a Real-time Environment And the ever-popular "Ask Your Regulator" Luncheon Full program details are now available at www.futuresindustry.org . If you do not wish to receive emails from us in the future, you may opt out by notifying us via e-mail at optout@futuresindustry.org or by writing us at 2001 Pennsylvania Avenue N.W., Suite 600, Washington, DC 20006 Just received a call from Virginia Loebel (609-936-8057) for a return of the $100,000 cash collateral (Independent Amount) we are holding. She is sending a request which I will forward. She says all trades have rolled off the books. Sara Shackleton Enron Wholesale Services 1400 Smith Street, EB3801a Houston, TX 77002 Ph: (713) 853-5620 Fax: (713) 646-3490 As we work to turn the company around, interim CEO Steve Cooper is quickly becoming a credible advocate for our restructuring. This week, Steve participated in a number of media interviews with print and wire service reporters. Below are links to the stories resulting from those interviews. FINANCIAL TIMES: Enron chief considers law suits to recover cash AP ONLINE: New Enron CEO Cooper Sees Rebirth CP WIRE: Enron can be salvaged: CEO Collapsed company faces hurdles THE WASHINGTON POST: Cooper's Crash Course; In Enron, the Turnaround Expert Faces His Biggest Challenge REUTERS: Enron's top execs to stay on post Ch. 11-CEO. DOW JONES NEWS SERVICE: Enron Interim CEO: Still Interviewing Auditors HOUSTON CHRONICLE: Enron utility sale could be canceled CBSMARKETWATCH: Interim CEO Cooper expects a return to regulated roots When: Monday, March 11, 2002 2:00 PM-3:00 PM (GMT-06:00) Central Time (US & Canada). Where: 3801a thursday Cordially, Mary Cook UBS Warburg Energy LLC PO Box 4764 Houston, Texas 77210-4764 1500 Louisiana Street Houston, Texas 77002 (713) 584-7732 (713) 646-2496 (fax) mary.cook@ubswenergy.com check with me on Monday; I have a letter drafted to send to them FYI -- status. I received the docs today...will go through them and send them over on monday. thakns Jim: Are you looking solely for Enron Corp. executory contracts? We can identify the Enron Corp. ISDA Master Agreements

we will lose Lavorato's VAR soon. Thanks, John saw a lot of the bulls sell summer against length in front to mitigate margins/absolute position limits/var. as these guys are taking off the front, they are also buying back summer. el paso large buyer of next winter today taking off spreads. certainly a reason why the spreads were so strong on the way up and such a piece now. really the only one left with any risk premium built in is h/j now. it was trading equivalent of 180 on access, down 40+ from this morning. certainly if we are entering a period of bearish to neutral trade, h/j will get whacked. certainly understand the arguments for h/j. if h settles $20, that spread is probably worth $10. H 20 call was trading for 55 on monday. today it was 10/17. the market's view of probability of h going crazy has certainly changed in past 48 hours and that has to be reflected in h/j. slafontaine@globalp.com on 12/13/2000 04:15:51 PM mkt getting a little more bearish the back of winter i think-if we get another cold blast jan/feb mite move out. with oil moving down and march closer flat px wide to jan im not so bearish these sprds now-less bullish march april as well. The agreement is fine. I'll mail it out. John: ? Thanks again for the opportunity to provide my technical service.? Attached is an agreement that covers our arrangement.? Let me know if you have any questions.? If it's ok, please sign and fax back to me at (410)308-0441.? I look forward to working with you ? Mark Sagel Psytech Analytics (410)308-0245 - Agree-Enron.doc Liz: Come by anytime Thanks, John Liz M Taylor 07/25/2000 05:22 PM John, Thank you for sponsoring me for ALS (Lou Gehrig's disease). I need to turn all funds in by Wednesday, July 26. Please make your check payable to "MDA." (Cash is also accepted.) Call me when ready and I'll come collect or send to EB2801e. Many Thanks, Liz Taylor x31935 EB2801e John Arnold $100.00 thanks FYI. I spoke with Steve. Seems like they have not been successful with plan A, i.e. to get their investors to give them authority to trade OTC as well as futures. They have moved on to plan B which is to take one of their domestic funds (approx. $500mm under mgt) off the floor (futures only) and into OTC trading. Still has the rating problem with Enron, but I am trying to get him to arrange a conference call with their CFO so I can discuss ways around it. He will try to do so this week. Mind you, I left it at this point the last time I spoke with him a couple of months ago and it seemed to stall. I'll keep chasing it. Per John Arnold 07/07/2000 08:50 AM Per: I've talked to him several times in the past. I told him that you would call because of your experience with setting up

800-842-4483 x239 I have looked it over. I think they would do a good job. Another idea Dick Foster (advisor to Enron's Board and Senior Director at McKinsey) has a great book out: "Creative Destruction". I was on a panel with him recently where he shared some of his research. He is a very good presenter; he knows Enron well; and his work is first rate. He might be a good addition. I have an idea on the breakout sessions. It needs some work but I'd like to talk it through with you. TERRIE JAMES@MUNICATIONS 07/05/2001 01:09 PM Steve, Have you had a chance to look at the book "Funky Business" and to give any thought to having Jonas present at the Management Conference? I know you have a thousand other things on your plate, not the least of which is California, so I understand if the answer is no. However, they've been contacted by someone else about the date so we may be forced to decide rather soon. On a related subject, I'm contemplating another topic for the conference I'd seen an article in Fortune several months ago titled "Managing for the Slowdown." It talked about new challenges managers face in light of the economic downturn. (Most young managers have never experienced anything but boom times.) The article also outlines a dozen or so things companies should be thinking about now. (Use the downturn as a new opportunity to evaluate people. Overhaul your budget process. Don't stop communicating. etc.) I think it would be beneficial to address similar strategies and ideas with our managers. I'd love to get your thoughts on this idea. (Is it appropriate for Enron or am I just seeing the world through bleak-colored glasses?) Terrie James Sr. Director, Corporate Communication Enron Broadband Services 713-853-7727 (phone) 713-646-8887 (fax) terrie_james@.net Alison@isbspeakers.com 07/05/01 10:40 AM July 5, 2001 Terrie: We received an e-mail today from the Funky Business office asking about the date we have on hold with Enron. They have another inquiry about that date and wondered if Enron is still considering using Jonas. If you are still considering them I will keep him on hold. And if they get a firm offer I will let you know immediately. We will have 24 hours to make an offer or release the hold once a firm offer comes in from another company. Hope you had a great 4th of July, Alison Kravetz 800-842-4483 x239 FYI - itinerary. Please note departure time has changed and dinner time has changed. I will contact Papa's assistant to give her details of the changes. Thanks, Chris Ext: 3-6021 I'm looking forward to your discussion regarding the "reregulation threat" at the next meeting. Below are some of my observations: While it's premature to say we have an energy crisis, we are witnessing the triple threat of high summer gasoline prices, spiking electricity prices, and high natural gas prices for the upcoming heating season (I'll send along some of the data). There is at

after the meeting. I shall also contact Jeff Shankman and John Nowlan to arrange a short courtesy meeting with them. Vince long 50 Jan 02 110 calls. short 50 Jan 01 70 puts. Mary McKendree@ 01/03/2001 07:33 AM I am in the process of updating the quarterly report that is provided to the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors which details Executive Committee member stock holdings. Please provide me your current personal ENE stock holdings as of 12/31/00. Such holdings include: shares held in a family trust your personal brokerage account in certificate form in an IRA etc. Such holdings do NOT include any shares held in connection with Company plans (i.e., ESOP, savings plans, phantom shares, option grants, or restricted stock grants), although shares acquired that are held free-and-clear should be included. Please contact me if you have any questions or require further information (713-345-8085) I appreciate your response Mary please print Katy Lomax 12/29/2000 04:27 AM Please find attached the following article/s: "Future is burning more brightly for coal" - Financial Times Kind Katy Lomax please find out about this, and stop it's being sent to me everyday if I don't need this ARSystem@mailman.enron.com on 01/02/2001 07:05:03 PM This request has been pending approval for 47 days and you are the alternate. Please click to review and act upon this request. Request ID : 000000000006063 Approver : jennifer.burns@ Request Create Date : 10/30/00 4:01:37 PM Requested For : jeffrey.a.shankman@ Resource Name : Unlisted Application/Software Resource Type : Applications I have some real concerns over this contract Louise put together for Jonathan. Shanna, can you check this out with Robert Jones. I'd like to restructure this contract Jeff Robert Jones@ 02/21/2001 10:16 AM Jeff, Attached is the term sheet we put together for Jonathan Whitehead: Please give me a call if you have any questions. Thanks, Robert Louise Kitchen@ECT 02/21/2001 08:29 AM I have had some discussions with Jonathan and recommended he takes the LNG job offered. Assuming he does, we have already set out the terms for him coming over (fully negotiated) so there is nothing to do on the HR side provided you are happy with the numbers. Louise ps Robert please send Jeff the Jonathan numbers. Soon, soon, soon. Last minute changes to the house. I'll probably have a big open house within a couple of months, but I'll have you over sooner. My dogs are moving to Connecticut Friday, so after then Congrats on a great year. Jeff Sandra F Brawner 01/02/2001 04:43 PM Jeff, Just a quick note to say "thank you" for your comments at year end. I sincerely appreciated your comments and support. I hope your Holidays were safe, healthy, and happy. Say when am I going to see that new home of yours? You know it is hard to continue to live vicariously through you if I don't know what to picture Sandra I understand, however, each book you assign to a trader will have a line so you and

York County. In-house counsel for Chase Securities Inc. would not accept this provision without a caveat that if a judge of the specified state court determined that some other branch or division of such court sitting in NY County should have jurisdiction, we had to accept jurisdiction in the other branch or division. Rather than risk ending up in an unacceptable forum, both sides agreed to limit jurisdiction to the USDCSDNY. I believe Joel may have checked earlier this year on New York courts with a V&E litigator in New York. If so, we might want to get further guidance on this point. , NJD Nora J. Dobin Senior Counsel Enron Global Finance Enron Corp. 1400 Smith Street Houston, Texas 77002 713/345-7723 (phone) 713/853-9252 (fax) E-mail: nora.dobin@ ++++++ Attached is a draft letter to Steven Armour re lawsuit against Shanghai Please review and provide me with any comments that you may have. Yes Britt Davis@ 11/10/2000 04:22 PM Richard, I have just received an invoice from Christophe Casabonne, the former EGLI trader who is our star witness/consultant in this matter, in the amount of 15,600 FF. This represents 19 hours and 30 minutes at the agreed-upon rate of 800 FF. Although I have not checked today, the USD/FF conversion ratio was about 1/7 a few weeks ago. If something like this still holds, the bill is for about $2,230.00. I have reviewed the bill, find it in order, and ask for your authority to pay it. I await your instructions. Britt yes. How much Mrmslane@aol.com 11/09/2000 02:57 PM Are yall cool with a playscape swing....You did not answer the last e mail about XMAS and everyone else said that would be the better choice on the list that I sent out. too late--I deleted it Attached are two draft letters to Ernst Haberli and Greg Chafee at Fort James in to the above-referenced matter. Please review and provide me with your comments. Thanks Richard yes Robert C Williams@_DEVELOPMENT 11/09/2000 10:36 AM Confidential and Privileged Attorney-Client Communication I attended a seminar this morning at which Joan Feldman of Computer Forensics spoke. I think it would be a good idea for us to have a conference call with Joan to review our email storage policy. If you agree, I will have my assistant set one up. A qualified yes. It doesn't look to me that we have much choice. Remember--we were withholding freight as leverage to settle, which is a short term strategy at best. I am going to discuss it in detail w/ Britt Monday morning. I'll let you know if we come up with a better plan. Alan Aronowitz 11/09/2000 02:58 PM Do you concur with paying the freight without prejudice per the below notes? Britt Davis@ 11/09/2000 09:26 AM Paul, Thanks for your e-mail. Parenthetically, I'd be happy to explain how we got to where we are on our strategy; maybe a telephone call would be best. Let me know when you are available. I can call you early

Date of 01 Nov 2000 to the Termination Date of 31 Dec 2000. This=20 transaction provides firm pipeline transportation capacity with the primary=20 receipt and delivery point of the Permian Pool (POI 54009). The posted rate,=20 stated in USD/MMBtu on the web site, is the daily reservation rate, which is=20 also applicable for all alternate receipt and delivery points in MIDS 1-7,=20 with the exception of Argus Zone points and Field Area TBS=01,s. In addition,=20 the following charges apply: the maximum commodity charge; all applicable=20 surcharges; and fuel use and unaccounted for.=20 The text contained within the GTC could then appear as follows: Please let me know if you think this works and are happy with it. Thanks, Dave I'm OK based on Susan's approval and with her one suggested change. Thanks DF Christine, you need a comma between July and August. Otherwise this looks fine. Christine Stokes 01/17/2000 08:50 AM TRANSWESTERN PIPELINE COMPANY CONTRACT APPROVAL REQUEST Please review the attached non-standard discount letter to Phillips Petroleum Company. Phillips has agree to extend their 30,000 Dth/d Ignacio to El Paso/Blanco contract for five years beginning 2/1/2001. The one-part seasonal rate structure of $.04 (April-Oct) and $.035 (Nov-March) will escalate by $.005 each of the last two years. Phillips may use a south to north alternate flow path for an incremental $.01 based on actual utilization. Please approve via REPLY WITH HISTORY All officer approvals will be faxed to Bill Cordes for final Presidential approval I tried calling you to confirm we are all square on the webtext for Northern but can't track down your ph. number. Please call me if there are any problems or concerns. Thanks for the help. DF 402-389-7449 Great. DF Naveed Ahmed 10/24/2000 12:27 PM Thanks, I got your email. We are satisfied with the wordings proposed by you, however I will show it to Mark Taylor this afternoon, if he has no comments then we will go ahead with the way you have proposed. Thank you for your help. Naveed Sorry, my form file is bare on that topic. DF Susan Scott 10/24/2000 10:52 AM I've been asked to draft an agreement with "exclusive dealing" language; i.e., Transwestern won't talk to anyone but Red Cedar about jointly purchasing Pipeline X, and vice versa. If you have any examples, or know someone who might, let me know. Many thanks. Where are you gonna be on Nov. 7? Victory parties (or defeat parties) I'm sure. I may be in DC at least for the afternoon--gonna have any time free DF Makes sense. Thanks df Kevin Hyatt 10/24/2000 02:14 PM My thoughts are this: those plants under development (i.e. past the planning stages and into permitting or construction) will continue to move forward. Their fuel costs are most likely already locked in or there is a pass thru mechanism to the power buyer It is really only the near term gas prices that are high in this backward-dated market. The 10 year gas price curve is still relatively

this soon. So far, it looks like 07/00 and 08/00. Thanks, Gloria Russ, Please add all the following trading pipes/zones to the VNG desk. Pipeline Zones TRCO All CNG All CGAS All Tenn Zones 0, 1, 2, 3, and 4 Tetco All Texas Gas Zone 4 Brenda, Vickie is our new Tenn transport person. Please give her our most recent set of Tenn invoices to look at. Thanks. You're good! $150 for the carpet... my realtor picked up... out of her commission!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! She was worthless too Trip was busy but productive - got more free food. I didn't get home until 10:15pm Tuesday. I'm still tuckered. Give Muffy a hug for me. Thanks again for your help in getting Muffy and Joni to Bethesda safely. Muffy is doing fine... she wants to go outside. I'm meeting with my Realator that knows this area. I'll probably not do the Annapolis thing.... everybody says you have to add another 1/2 hour for traffic... so it would be 90 minutes. I'm also looking for apartments close by. I got my current apartment extended until Nov 17th. I'm almost done putting everything away... so my place is almost like home. How was your trip PG&E Generating, PG&E Energy Trading or any other company referenced herein that uses the PG&E name or logo are not the same company as Pacific Gas and Electric Company, the regulated California utility. Neither PG&E Gen, PG&E Energy Trading nor these other referenced companies are regulated by the California Public Utilities Commission. Customers of Pacific Gas and Electric Company do not have to buy products from these companies in order to continue to receive quality regulated services from the utility. Hi there. We changed our CGAS storage numbers today and we have fixed the Sitara deals and worksheet. Boo Looks good with the following changes. If you see these changes come through then its good to go. Thanks The price on deal 511820 should be $4.7012 not $4.8041, just corrected in Sitara. Added demand charge of $1,233,260 to deal 508891. Added demand charge of $647,256 to deal 380571. Don't make any changes for now. I need to draft a more detailed memo. Chris, On deal #348443 with Clinton Energy, Clinton is showing a volume of 12,800 dth instead of 12,803 (what we are showing). Diane Morris at Clinton got with her scheduler and he verified that they only received 12,800 dth. Could you please verify our amount and change if necessary? Let me know what you find. Thanks S Jersey sold 35,000 day Z3-Z6 for Oct, non recallable at $.08, variable $.31, its about $.05 in the money. 6:45 or so works real well for me. Where do you guys want to feed me? What time can we meet? dg Where do you guys want to take me? It is up to you guys. dg What if we did this tonight? I have a work shindig tomorrow night that I just found out about. Chris Germany 09/20/2000 08:21 AM Jerry,

there any other sections that are solely based on such requirements? Robbi Rossi@MUNICATIONS 17/01/2001 21:46 Peter, In response to your voice message, if our supplier fails to deliver on time, we are entitled to collect liquidated damages from such supplier. If we have resold the circuit and are unable to deliver to our customer because of the failure of our supplier, we in turn will have to pay our customer liquidated damages for late delivery. This is why it is so important to "back to back" the trades to the extent possible. Please let me know if you have any other questions. Hang in there! Robbi Rossi Sr. Counsel Enron Broadband Services Phone: (713) 345-7268 Fax: (713) 646-8537 Hey Jim, Thanks for the note. Nothing much new to report here. Ted was in South Beach last weekend but came home a day early to work. He's still trying to talk me into buying a new car which I would like to do but can't figure out what I really want. I'm speaking at a conference in Key West next week and will stay through the weekend - I think it's the only place left on the continent that's warm. Nothing like Zurich here but it's been in the 40's and rainy - seems like forever since I've been fully warm through. Let us know when you find a place to live Mark Tana Jones 01/18/2001 06:40 PM Attached is what I hope is a pretty complete list of the EnronOnline contracts I have been made aware of. There are a few I have open questions about or am waiting to receive copies of the contract. Can each of you please take a look and think about whether there are any others we may be missing. Again, my time frame is short here, so if I can get your response promptly I would be most appreciative. try userid EOL67313 password WELCOME! Hal I hope you have access to e-mail in KW. I'm down with the flu so we won't be able to make it. I was really looking forward to this for a number of reasons - including the chance to get together with you. I didn't have your phone number or e-mail address at home so I had a friend drop my work computer off on his way home tonight. I've left a message for Don at home sorry about late notice. Mark shouldn't the people who need filing cabinets order them for themselves? Taffy Milligan 01/18/2001 09:37 AM Should we go ahead and order? 1 for Ned Crady and 1 for Coralina Rivera. Alex Arriaga 01/18/2001 08:26 AM Taffy, We do not have any more 5- drawer file cabinets instock. The one we do have is broken. We can hold on to your info. until one becomes available,or you can purchase new with Reggie Wilson. Please advise, Alex Enron Property & Services Corp. alex, the only one we have here is borken???? do you want us to send yesterday,

figure out until next year. But we are pretty much in that range. << O:\WebContent\Fundamentals\EGM\Publications\Coal\CoalDaily\Archive\ He mailed them out. Did you not get them I am leading the league in fantasy. No worries. Man, I just checked the scores from 2 weeks ago, I beat you again. Wish I could play you every week! Does Aaron have the updated standings? I think I'm still in first. Doug Block Halliburton Audit Services * Phone: 713-676-8175 * Fax: 713-676-3607 > * Email : doug.block@Halliburton.com Yeah, 3-2 most probably. One of his lines was a little out of wack. Maybe 4-1 if you got that bet off Derek, said his computer at home would not pull it up. yeah, i found it, it was buried in-between too much junk mail. Any word on how Dr. Bob did this week? Raj, Things are tough. People are thinking tomorrow is the day for a lot of layoffs for non-core groups 40% chance we merge with Dynegy is what some people are saying. Bankruptcy is our other option. The working environment is not good. The firm needs to lay off people now, as opposed to dragging it out I think the good groups will be sold off to the highest bidders, or competitors just buy up all our talented people when the company under. Any news about your job offer? Are you looking again? Mike Hey Mike! Hope you had a great thanksgiving weekend. I used it to check out NYC! Anyway, what's your take on the future of the firm? And how are the employees reacting so far? It's difficult to recall a weekday when the WSJ does not carry an Enron-related article. And now it seems the merger is doubtful. Rajneesh Ok, let me know if you got an extra ticket. no your arkansas ticket went to waste. i am hoping mom and michelle will come to this game. mom can probably use nick's ticket and kerry may be able to use amanda's ticket and id if she doesn't go. i will know for sure by like wed. i don't know if mom will even come or not. anyway i will buy one if someone calls me for you. love Kelly _____ Sara will be responding from Enron. She is conferring with the traders this morning. I wanted to follow up with you regarding the draft statement I sent around for comment last night. I know you are very busy, but would greatly appreciate it if you could send me any comments you have by noon New York Time. I re-attached it for your review. Thank you in advance. Kimberly Summe - Commodity Statement.doc Kerry, Did everything go ok today Also, I cannot get into my hotmail. Can you forward me any e-mails. Thanks I LOVE YOU MIKE cell 713-302-5626 home 713-426-5860 work 713-853-1885 _________________________________________________________________ In 5 minutes, I already tried twice. are you ever going to call me back or just play liars poker all day Kerry E. Carter Analyst Simmons & Company

FYI. Jane is doing a great job supporting the Reg Risk efforts. JDS Jane Wilson@_DEVELOPMENT 06/02/2000 01:10 PM Just had a preview meeting with Wade Cline and Neil McGregor (Pres. of DPC They are very supportive of the effort and felt that, while "Jane, you always bring us such good news!" that the depth of analysis and real time concerns articulated was an excellent thing for the company. In fact, they wanted a few more mitigants put in and then shot down, anticipating Jeff Skilling-type questions. Thus, this regulatory risk idea if done in depth for each region/project, may be a bigger service for Enron than you guys had ever anticipated. They also thought of one more tack to take on the renegotiation issue to figure out how far we could go. Good deal. (However, will still wear body armor/butt plate into the Sanjay meeting next Wednesday John Neslage 06/01/2000 08:03:35 AM Thank you for staying so on top of this, Jane. I really appreciate it John Jane Wilson 06/01/2000 06:19 PM They're working on the numbers, but it will be ugly. Thanks, Nick. I am anxious to get out there soon. In the meantime I'll send a tape of my singing voice. Nicholas O'Day 10/26/2000 06:04 PM Steve, hopefully we can lure you out to Tokyo soon, perhaps when there is less of a crowd. (I can't help but think that the reason that you are not coming is to avoid singing that little piece from Puccini's Madam Butterfly at the office opening.) kind Nick: I was wondering if it would be a big problem if I end up not being able to attend the grand opening. I really want to attend, but I am having some scheduling problems. Please let me know if my missing the event would create any problems. (I know I'm important, but I'm sure it would be ok for me to miss.) Steve Steve said ok to both classes. Enron Energy Services Steve: I would like to register for Applied Finance (March 2-3) & Derivatives I (April 4-5). They are $700 per class. Please let me know if this is a problem. Many thanks! Stacey The attached expense report has been approved by Steve Kean, Exec VP & Chief of Staff. Calvin Eakins 10/27/2000 05:02 PM Ladies and Gentlemen: Set forth below for your information and review are the expenditures with Minority/Women Owned Business Enterprises through September 30, 2000. Should you have any questions, please contact me at x69500. Calvin Eakins Director, Minority & Women Business Development Enron Global Strategic Sourcing calvin.eakins@ 713/646-9500 Sarah Palmer@ECT 10/27/2000 04:21 PM Apparently I spoke too soon. Fourteen ideas were deposited into the ThinkBank today -- including entries from Frankfurt, Toronto, London and Pleasanton, California. All levels of employees have participated from assistant to senior director. Sarah Palmer 10/27/2000 02:30 PM Well, it seems that eThink has another hit. Twelve people have already put well-conceived business ideas into the ThinkBank and we have received numerous congratulatory calls. I

3886 My location is EB3883. Thanks Natalie Wells@ 03/26/2001 08:08 AM For hand delivery of your tickets, please provide an Enron location. If you prefer, we can Fed Ex your tickets to your home. There is an additional charge for this service. Thanks, Natalie Gerald Nemec 03/23/2001 04:56 PM Eric Gillaspie 03/23/2001 04:40 PM Stephanie, Pursuant to Gerald Nemec's request I have attached the Guaranty Forms for your further handling Thanks, Eric Gillaspie 713-345-7667 Enron Building 3886 Jordan, Attached is the latest structure. This is still subject to change as AA has not yet approved. The deal basically involves creating a new entity to take ownership of 2 existing Electric Compressor Motor Drivers and associated contracts which ECT currently owns. The compressor motor drivers are supplied with electricity from the Navajo Tribal Utiltity Authority (NTUA). ECT sells horsepower created by the motor drivers to Transwestern in exchange for $$ and MMBtus Lance Schuler will be working the finance portion of this project. This is a 2nd Quarter deal. Would you expect anything less? Please let me know who will be working on this from your group or call to discuss any questions Thanks. Here it is G. Attached are a clean and redline version of the revised docs. Please review and let me know if you have any questions. Hey Ernie! Sorry I didn't get back with you Friday. I left a little early, so I must have just missed your message. Did you guys have a good time on Friday night? How is everything going? It has actually been thick around here. Worked several late nights last week to try and get caught up. I may have to delay the purchase of the new car with Enron's stock taking a hit lately. It did gain some points on Friday and early today. Hopefully it keeps it up. Talked to George since his wedding? Haven't heard anything out of him since. Probably just overcome by marital bliss. "Zavaleta, Ernie" 03/23/2001 03:18 PM Hey, what's going on? My brother-in-law and a friend of his are flying into town tonight? We're going to head over to Gilians (sp?), a place that is supposed to be like Dave & Buster's. We'll prob get there at about 10:00. We thought we'd hang there for a while and then head to the downtown area and find dome kind of bar. A couple of other friends of mine from B-school will be joining us, I thought you might want to as well. Are you game? Write back or give me a call H: 281-251-6398, cell: 281-687-6893. I'm leaving work in a few minutes if I don't respond to any email. later, E Gerald.Nemec@ 02/26/2001 01:39 PM Ernie, Thanks for taking care of that. I will probably be getting into Austin earlier than you. I'll have my cell phone with me. (281) 772-9250. If you get into town earlier, give me a call. Otherwise why don't you just call me at the room when you get to

interest?? by this ratio the rest ot the power group is really underperforming This 250K came from about 3 MW. We tried all day to sell this volume below. Market is extremely illiquid, given Annex V uncertainty and other regulatory issues: generators believe Parente will help them out in May, while LDCs look at their contracts and reduced demand. However AES Sul accepted to buy this volume at 25% discount to May spot price, payment on June 25th. We will net about R$600,000 (US$250,000) between sale and purchase prices. Credit is OK. We will keep a very small, long position at MAE settlement for May. Remi Luis Berti 06/04/2001 05:39 PM This is to inform that we have closed 2.200 MWh for May to AES Sul at 25% discount rate against spot price at southeast sub-market to be paid on Jun 25th. Berti You're e-mailing me on Greg's address book. It's because I responded to your first address from his e-mail and I thought I was in my address book. Honey, please feel better soon. I'm saying a prayer for you right now. I'm glad I put a smile on your face (and what a handsome face it is). Liz Going forward, you're getting "fine or not so fine." - I don't understand. I'm having a poor day. Got to have thick skin in this business. Hey, thinking of your beautiful "happy" smile makes me smile. You certainly deserve someone that brings that special kind of joy to your life. He asked me to table it til this week. Last week was full of activities planning for the Analyst conference and tons of meetings about our problems in CA (Power). Sorry you're not feeling well. Take care of yourself. I had a lovely weekend, thank you. Edmond and I did dinner & dancing on Saturday night. We had a picnic @ Allen Parkway on yesterday afternoon. Followed by a Super Bowl party for two. This was a lot of fun. We ate junk food and drank cokes all night. By 3:30a.m. this morning we both had a stomach ache. Am I sharing enough, to much? I think I like me old way better. Going forward, you're getting "fine or not so fine." Liz I had a so, so weekend. I'm tired, half ill, and working for some new accounts. Any word yet? How was your weekend? I'm sure you and Edmund had a blast - what did you do? Good Morning Ken, Good weekend? liz Please see below a summary of E&P weekly from CSFB research team. The complete report is attached for your review. 1) Group rebounds from over-sold position advancing 4%, leaders include Swift, Ocean, Mitchell, Louis Dreyfus and Canadian Natural. 2) Despite weather related selling pressure on near month natural gas prices, the out months remain strong between $5.50 and $6.00. 3) With 20% of US gas production reporting, volumes declined 1.6% sequentially and 5.5% versus 4Q99. Volumes declined 4% in 2000 versus 1999. 4) Value creation

Educate field and GMS staff on use of measurement data in billing -- combination of written materials and presentations (Gas Logistics). 2. Renegotiate chart changing agreements/gain understanding of timing parameters. 3. Assign responsibility for past month issues past measurement close. 4. Develop single point of organizational accountability for quality/timeliness of data fed into PGAS, including Field Teams with respect to their measurement duties; measurement technology, GMS and UAF specialist. I can make that work for Chad if that is when Drew is available. I assume you are talking about Wk of June 24 I agree with your strategy Shelley, FYI A GISB ratification ballot has been distributed. One item is the 'Base Contract for Sale and Purchase of Natural Gas'. We did not participate in this effort because it doesn't affect us. I voted in favor of it at the last EC meeting and plan to support it on the ratification ballot. Richard Smith of ExxonMobil wants this item to be approved. He's been very instrumental in getting our Order 637 transactional reporting issues pushed through GISB. The transactional reporting data sets (EBB usage only) will be voted at the next EC meeting in April. We may need his support. Therefore, I'm supporting him on the base contract. Ratification is due April 19. I'll route and submit ballot as usual Thanks, Theresa Brad Holmes Steve January Lynn Blair Mike Bryant Donna Scott (vac) Sheila Nacey (vac) Rick Dietz Lindy Donoho Mark McConnell Michelle Lokay Paul E Y'Barbo TK Lohman (vac) Kevin Hyatt * Individuals noted will be on vacation -- but you should probably send an invite anyway. Please remember that you guys are to stop by Stan's office first at 10:30 Please rearrange your schedules to attend a meeting with Stan Horton today at 10:45am in 49C3. Sorry for the short notice. Cindy Stark Executive Assistant to Stan Horton Tel: 713/853-6197 Fax: 713/345-7047 Cindy.Stark@ How about Monday? Shelley, Congratulations! TW has a great marketing department and I know that you will enjoy working with everyone. Can we schedule lunch next week? I would love to visit with you and share with you some of the things we have been working on to ensure a smooth transition. I am available on Monday, Wednesday or Friday. Tuesday is possible, I would need to move another appointment. Thanks, Kim. Thanks of your words of encouragement Let me point out, this is NOT sucking up However, congratulations on your new endeavor. I know it's too early to consider, but in the future, if you decide there is a position available in your new group, please consider me. Don't get me wrong, I'm not unhappy where I am, just seeking opportunities to expand. I bring 28 years experience in a variety of areas both in TW and NNG including Contracts, Scheduling, and Gas Control. Again congratulations and good luck. Dennis April 20, 2001 Maintenance of Houston, Inc. 6220 West Park, Suite 106 Houston, TX 77057 Dear Mr. _____________, By prior correspondence dated ______, we

trading in options. It is possible at this or some subsequent date, the editor and staff of The Option Investor Newsletter may own, buy or sell securities presented. All investors should consult a qualified professional before trading in any security. The information provided has been obtained from sources deemed reliable but is not guaranteed as to accuracy or completeness. The newsletter staff makes every effort to provide timely information to its subscribers but cannot guarantee specific delivery times due to factors beyond our control. FYI Paul Simons 09/13/2000 09:16 AM I have just received the letter SFA promised us. SFA have accepted our argument that our proprietary bond and equity trading can be carried on in London through an unregulated UK entity. The letter also states that SFA will not be applying their consolidated capital supervision rules to the unregulated entity, which they have the discretion to do. From a regulatory perspective this means we can move ahead at full speed to set up an appropriate Chinese Wall and then begin trading. Paul I've been to Argentina - what can I tell you about it? We need to get sailing soon! Ever get to Houston? I have a boat here but don't sail too much - just working too hard. Hope you're well! Party A=01,s obligations under this transaction are subject to approval by its=20 Chief Operating Officer. I will not be able to attend this afternoon's call. Becky Tlucek 09/14/2000 09:36 AM There will be a South American Legal Team meeting today! 2:30 p.m. - 3:30 p.m. Houston time EB38c1 Just a reminder I'm off to the ball game tonight. Taffy - please print this for Ken to take away with him today. Chris Long@ 09/15/2000 08:29 AM Verlene.Joseph@do.treas.gov on 09/14/2000 06:56:26 PM Date: 09/14/2000 06:51 pm (Thursday) Attached please find the following documents for the Shad Johnson agreement.: Legislative Language Section-bySection Summary Transmittal letters Also, please send me your name and date of birth for the 10:00 a.m. meeting with Lee Sachs in the Diplomatic Reception Room of Treasury tomorrow. Thank you. Leslie - SECTION.DOC - LEGIS.DOC - SJSUMF~1.DOC - LEADER~1.WPD - LETTERS.DOC Peter Keohane Sent by: Sharon Crawford 09/15/2000 05:39 PM I thought I might try to sum up. It seems to me that we both need to finalize the structure as well as co-ordinate across various groups such that we all know what each is doing with the view to funding on time by the end of next week. 1. As soon as possible next week (i.e. Monday) we need to finalize the swap structure including the credit and covenant package. 2. If there is not already a Term Sheet in place, it may be useful to have one prepared. Frankly, it seems from my various discussions with Global Finance, Credit, Origination, Enron Corp., Royal Bank of Canada and its external counsel and our external counsel, that there are certain agreements, documents, deliverables and covenants that are being expected by, or exchanged between, the parties, but

proposal complies by giving shippers at least a month to submit bids (Tony -- am I right about this The only other relevant part of our tariff is the EBB/Internet section of the General Terms and Conditions (beginning on Sheet No. 72). TW will continue to comply with all provisions in this section. The section even specifically provides that shippers may request service and contract electronically. I've found nothing in else in TW's tariff that would appear to address an online open season one way or the other. I believe our tariff gives us the flexibility to sell capacity online as we've proposed to do. Hope this helps. If you want to discuss this I'll be here most of the day, and I will be reachable by e-mail while I'm in San Francisco next week. My hearing does not start 'til noon Houston time on Tuesday, so if we need to talk Tuesday morning you can reach me at my hotel (415.398.1234). I was successful shopping for Jim on-line at B&N and Territory Ahead. Mum, only the book will be shipped to your house; I was on autopilot and typed in my work address for the other. (Really missed the boat on tennis clothes You have to act early. Today I saw one of the Met pros leaving with his catalog to order FALL 2000 Nike stuff!) Karin, I am probably going to make a stop at Macy's or Neiman's makeup counter at some point so I could pick up the Estee Lauder for MeeMaw* if you know the shade Bill's b-day is today; if you want to send a message his e-mail is 75261.151@compuserve.com. That's all this elf knows. * new trendy spelling with capital letter within the word Anyway, Ann isn't coming on Friday because she can't stand it that everyone is a couple, so she is going instead with her ex boyfriend to a dinner party given by some people she doesn't even know. Although I am trying very hard to be understanding, I'm not doing a very good job. When I was in her situation, I seem to remember enjoying my best friends' company whether I had a date or not! But that's just me Hope you are still having tanning weather in Austin. We certainly are here If you feel you are not getting enough color for your trip to Cabo, I'll come before you leave and help you with the Clinique Tan-In-A-Tube! (You will still have to wear sunscreen). What are your trip dates again? Have a good day! Love, Sooz Tried to print a blank form without success. Is there any other way I can get one, so I can do some rough drafts of my reviews on my business trip next week. Please advise. "perfmgmt@ect.enron.com"<perfmgmt on 05/14/2000 06:48:26 PM Enron's Mid-Year 2000 Performance Management Process has begun. During this process, you will be required to select suggested reviewers who can provide performance related feedback on you and you may also be requested

possibly mid September. Mark E Haedicke@ECT 08/11/2000 09:30 AM Do you think that a bill favorable to energy will be passed over the strong opposition of the CFTC? What kind of odds do you put on it? It is a significant change if Treasury is not longer against us -- but it is a little hard for me to believe that it is real. Should I try to make a trip to Washington in September? Let me know. Mark Haedicke FYI Patrick Hansen@ 08/11/2000 03:25 PM Hi Brent, I have been in contact with Dale Neuner regarding the creation of the Product Types for Argentina, by now he has all the necessary information. We will need your approval on the wording that was suggested for the long description and other legal sign-off. I have already gone through the product descriptions with Andrea and no mayor comments came up. Regarding Natural Gas products, her comments were that we are creating a Firm product with TOP 100%, but that is OK. Then on the additional information like delivery points, term, currency and unit of measure, all those alternatives have been given to Dale for him to load into the system. Please give me an update on your timetable for these issues. Patrick Thanks for your note and glad to hear you're feeling better. Yes we are all very sad about Jim's baby. Many years ago my sister had a child who was born two or three months early and lived for several days - long enough to be held and loved - but his lungs were apparently just not developed enough and they couldn't save him. I know how painful that was for them. And I have to admit that experience made me very anxious when things didn't go perfectly for you guys that first few days. I received papers from Julia regarding your options a week or so ago which I didn't send along because the next day Julia said HR had made a mistake in everybody's package and HR was sending replacement documents - I haven't Stephanie has started and seems to be fitting in as far as I can tell at this stage. We're all super busy but more or less keeping up with the critical stuff. We'll look forward to seeing you soon. (f) Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement, any master agreement or=20 any GTC to the contrary, any Transaction resulting from a Gross Error by=20 Enron shall be voided at Enron=01,s election and Counterparty agrees that any=20 such voided Transaction shall be of no force or effect. =01&Gross Error=018 shall=20 mean the posting of any price that is [30]% or more above or below then=20 prevailing market prices, which difference is verified by the average of=20 quotations from three or more participants in the relevant market. Any progress on the EnronOnline front? I'm getting questions from the EOL team in Houston as to our time estimate to completion and wondered if you had heard back from

as orig. Johnny, can you set this up? Not so impressed with David goldman. For a guy who has worked in derivatives for 10 years, couldnt answer some simple questions. Very poor financial derivatives knowledge even though he worked at CRT for a long time and a Lyonnais for a while. The only value I see in him is that he worked at BP for a while and might have some knowledge as to how they work Jennifer: I don't think we have much interest in doing this interview since it primarily pertains to our views of the market. I would speak in such generalities that it probably wouldn't be a good interview. John Jennifer Walker@ 05/07/2001 08:57 AM John: Kevin Foster with Risk Magazine is working on an article for the June issue regarding Gas Markets in the U.S. Basically, he is interested in Enron's opinion of: 1. Physical Supply/Demand of gas and how this is affecting financial trades 2. Where do we anticipate gas prices going over the summer? 3. The state of the industry--any major issues that may affect the market? If this sounds like a story we would be interested in doing, please let me know and I will coordinate a short phone interview with Kevin Foster. I know it usually works best for your schedule to do this after 4pm, so please let me know if Tuesday after 4 would be good for you. Thanks for your help and please call me with any questions. Jennifer Walker Public Relations x3-9964 please SEND TO to correct individuals Dear Supplier: Dominion Energy Consulting is the Fuel Manager and Agent for E.R. Carpenter Co.. We are soliciting supply offers from your company on the attached load profiles for the term period November 1, 2001 through March 31, 2002. We understand each supplier cannot serve all locations, so bid only on those where you are competitive. Your offers should include Full Firm Requirements NYMEX basis to the City Gate. The location and LDC is included with each plant Hey: That's one hell of a bd celebration. Don't think I can hang in you guys Was definitely a little sleepy yesterday. Went to the bb game and then had a biz dinner last night. I was almost asleep driving home at 8:30. At least I was sane enough to yell buy and sell at random points during the day. today? I have felt better. I'm really glad that Teresa's birthday is over. I think that we have been celebrating since Friday but of course you know that. I apologize for any strange behavior last night that I might have exhitbited. (ie...having you make food for me at a very late hour, singing and whatever else) Just wanted to check on you and make sure that you aren't sleeping at your desk. Afterall, you only have to say "buy" or "sell" all day. How difficult could that be? Kim I assume you're going to let people select news categories such as

they won't want 200,000 but I want to make sure they don't throw it out because the volume is too high. Otherwise you're OK with it? I would probably drop the range volume and go with a specific amount... 10,000 - 25,000 instead of up to 200,000 as I am sure there is no way they will get that high. BT Steph, Here's my proposal for Valero. Would you (& legal?) like to review it before I send it? Dave Eric, I have at least 2 tickets and possibly 4 tickets for tonights game.... I believe it starts at 7:00 PM I did ask eric boyt... have not heard back. Can you see if you or any of your people would like to use them. Let me know.. I want to make sure they get used. BT we are working on it... but I have been distracted and slowing the process down. BT Are you guys making a presentation on the EPNG capacity? Good morning... Tim Belden ( Trading) and Chris Calger ( Origination) are in charge of all power issues in the West U.S. I would also think Paul Kaufman may already have a hand in these issues ( if PUC related BT New Mexico is starting to reinvent their electric restructuring rules. Do you know if ENA has any interest in this or who I should check with? Thanks Sorry I couldn't pick you up on the call... I would love to play. BT Hi Barry, Dave wanted me to invite you to play golf with him on Sunday, September 30th 7:40 am. I have also invited Wes Colwell and David Oxley. Thanks, Kay I have a customer that would like to be set up on Enron Online. He is a wimby and under our contract with him, he will back to back each trade with public Service Company of colorado. In other words, he doesn't have his own credit. Could you set him up, at least with a temporary password? His info is as follows: Sandia Resources Jerry Padilla jerrypadilla@msn.com 303-332-9725 Let me know if you have any questions. And please let me know when you send him a password. Thanks, Kim Ward Portland socal indicative offers: 1 year out of august = $12.76, 3 years = $8.50 , and 5 years = $7.15. sorry but bid week is hard to just work up prices. next week should be better. Kim Dan, Most things here look good. From my term sheet, page 1 under El Paso Capacity, what about selling them San Juan gas? (B.) And what about page three, number 8? Let me know - thanks, Kim Dan J Hyvl 04/17/2001 03:40 PM Please review the foregoing and let me know if there need to be any changes. Thank you. I have added Socal to the worksheet. The prices listed are as of last night. Nymex is up $.04 - $.05. Basis is pretty much the same. Let me know if you need anything else and

