- Grannyl.mpg
no thanks.  what aabout the happy hour with the hottie?
the law student was the replacement b/c the real one was such a fuck up sorry i didn't call you guys back last  night.  i didn't get home until 8 and 
the sopranos was on.
i will be in vegas.  send her my 
i felt fine.  i was just tired but i didn't feel bad.  my golf game sucks but 
that is b/c i have a new golf swing after my lesson a couple of weeks ago this swing is going to take me  to the next level.  i think if trading 
doesn't work out i will have something to fall back on.
PULHAMUS@aol.com on 04/12/2001 02:42:04 PM
blonde joke?" The bar immediately becomes absolutely quiet. In a hushed voice,
the guy next to him says, "Before you tell that joke, you should know
something."
"The bartender is blond, the bouncer is blond, and I'm a 6' tall, 200 pound
blond with a black belt in karate.  What's more, the guy sitting next to me
is 6'2," weighs 225 pounds, and he's a blond weight lifter." He continues,
"The fella to your right is blond, 6'5" and pushing 300 pounds, and he's a
wrestler. Think about it seriously, Mister. You still wanna tell that
joke?"  The blind guy says, "Nah! Not if I'm gonna have to explain it five
times.
you didn't think that was funny?  do i need to explain that one?
that was great.  that is as funny as i get.
you weren't on there. if you were i am sure you would be a 10.
congrats.  that is good news.  what else is going on.
ditto.  work is it.  i am going to vegas this weekend, so i got that going 
for me.
why not?  you don't like those things?  you get penis straws and everything.
i am going with work.  another boondoggle.
i am at the venitian.  i am going to stay in the rainman suite.  should be a 
good time.  i can load up and get some hookers and just have an old fashioned 
good time.  it is a good stress relief.
i am just kidding.  i wouldn't ever pay for it.  anyway i am going with 
people from work so it woulnd't look to good if i was bringing hookers into 
my room.
just b/c i am saving myself doesn't mean you need to attack me 
i heard your nickname in highschool was the "virgin surgeon"
did you take his v-card?  i don't think i ever dated one.  i like my women 
fast.
why are you staying with her parents?  won't that kill some of your fun?  how 
good was the deal?
got to work dude
oh yeah.  he doesn't sound like a lot of fun - if you catch my drift.  what 
are you guys doing for the bachelorette party?  if you need entertainment i 
might be for hire.  i would totally give those chicks a thrill.
if i could get a guaranteed contract plus tips i would skip the trip remember how great my legs would look dancing all over the chicks 
i thought that you said you were sharing a suite with them.  thanks for the 
pics.