Nick Bambos 
Congratulations.
Vince
Sevil.
We are looking forward to having you here.
If you want, you can stop by one day and I shall introduce you
to Grant Masson with whom you will be working this summer.
Vince
Sevil Yaman  Hi Dr. Kaminski,
Yesterday, I learned from Shannon Rogers at the associate-analyst program
that I was offered a summer associate/internship position in your group. I
am already very excited about this position and look forward to working in
your group. Many thanks for your consideration.
Sevil Yaman
Department of Economics
University of Houston
Houston, TX 77204-5882
(713) 743-3814 / 3817
Ravi,
I shall leave the decision to Stinson and you.
Vince
Ravi Thuraisingham@MUNICATIONS on 02/23/2000 11:39:01 AM
Hi this is one of the junior PhD students that we've visited in Stanford Are we interested in bringing him to Enron Research and or EBS research. 
I'll have to think about his role in EBS.
Ravi.
shikhar@stanford.edu
02/20/00 07:24 PM
Hi Ravi:
Please find attached my resume for the summer internship program. I
apologize for the delay. We actually lost your contact info. Please let me
know if you will need any additional information and/or a cover letter
besides the resume and I can send it right away.
Thanks
,
Shikhar
- Resume00-ENE.doc
Rachel Vargas  Good afternoon!
This is just to confirm that the Real Options Conference call will be 
Thursday, February 24 at 1:30pm Central Time, 2:30pm Eastern Standard Time.
Thank you all for your patience and co-operation with this matter.
Sincerely,
Rachel Vargas
Asst. to Prof. Tufano
I have just been informed from Mr. Kaminski's assistant, Shirley, that his 
flight was cancelled and he will, therefore, be unavailable to participate in 
the conference call on Thursday, February 24.? Therefore, Mr. Kaminski's 
office proposes to reschedule the call to a new time of 1:30pm Central Time, 
2:30pm Eastern Time on Thursday, February 24 (same day).
Please let me know as soon as possible if all parties can participate at this 
time.? If not, we will need to reschedule until next  week.
Many thanks,
Rachel Vargas
Asst. to Prof. Tufano
Dear Mr. Jackson and Mr. Kaminski:
Good afternoon!
I just wanted to make sure you both understood that the Real Options 
Conference, being held on Thursday, February 24 from 1:30-2pm, will be 
Eastern Standard Time.
Many thanks,
Rachel Vargas
Asst. to Prof. Tufano
Dear Mr. Jackson and Mr. Kaminski:
This is to confirm that the March Real Options Conference call with Peter 
Tufano will be held on Thursday, February 24 from 1:30-2pm. Mr. Jackson, I 
have spoken with Suzanne and confirmed that the conference call will 
originate from Peter Tufano's office.? Mr. Kaminski, I left a message in your 
assistant's voicemail (Shirley), and I also spoke with Mr. Kevin Moore to 
arrange this time.? Again, Professor Tufano will initiate this conference 
call.
Many thanks.
Sincerely,
Rachel Vargas
Asst. to Prof. Tufano
Rachel D. Vargas
Morgan Hall 370
Harvard Business School
Soldiers Field Road
Boston, MA 02163
P:? 617 495-6521
F:? 617 496-6592
email:? rvargas@hbs.edu
During our conference call today, we will summarize resources used in our 
study (see attached), and then discuss the outline for our final 
presentation. We also wanted to make sure that we are aligned on expectations 
for our April 3 face-to-face meeting. Look forward to talking with you today.
PRESENTATION OUTLINE
Approach
Competitors
Ranking Criteria
Volume
Liquidity
Efficiency
Ease-of-Use
Credit Rating
Weighting of Criteria
Ranking Score Summary
Conclusions
Future Threats
Recommendations
Thanks,
Enron Team 1
- Resources.ppt
FYI
Vince
Steven Leppard
02/24/2000 04:03 AM
APX losing credibility with traders
Electricity traders on the Amsterdam Power Exchange (APX) believe
some participants are bidding up electricity prices in order to
sway bilateral contract negotiations in their favour 
Deniese Palmer Huggins
1000 Louisiana Street
Suite 1095
Houston, TX 77002
Phone: (713) 658 9292
Fax  : (713) 658 9393
Kevin,
I would like to see the expense reports to monitor
the rate at which we approach our group budget limits.
Thanks.
Vince
Kevin G Moore
02/22/2000 08:48 AM
Hello Everyone ,
Starting Today , 2/22/00  Mike Roberts signed a expense report.
Vince, I need to know from you if this is okay and do you want to see
them ?
Also Shirley , if Mike signs for anything else other than a expense report ,
I will pass it by your desk whereby you can know exactly what it is.
Thanks
Kevin Moore
Please inform 
Rachel Vargas  Dear Mr. Jackson and Mr. Kaminski:
Good afternoon!
I just wanted to make sure you both understood that the Real Options 
Conference, being held on Thursday, February 24 from 1:30-2pm, will be 
Eastern Standard Time.
Many thanks,
Rachel Vargas
Asst. to Prof. Tufano
Dear Mr. Jackson and Mr. Kaminski:
This is to confirm that the March Real Options Conference call with Peter 
Tufano will be held on Thursday, February 24 from 1:30-2pm. Mr. Jackson, I 
have spoken with Suzanne and confirmed that the conference call will 
originate from Peter Tufano's office.? Mr. Kaminski, I left a message in your 
assistant's voicemail (Shirley), and I also spoke with Mr. Kevin Moore to 
arrange this time.? Again, Professor Tufano will initiate this conference 
call.
Many thanks.
Sincerely,
Rachel Vargas
Asst. to Prof. Tufano
Rachel D. Vargas
Morgan Hall 370
Harvard Business School
Soldiers Field Road
Boston, MA 02163
P:? 617 495-6521
F:? 617 496-6592
email:? rvargas@hbs.edu
Pinnamaneni Krishnarao
02/22/2000 01:10 PM
India: Enron aftermath
Business Line - 02/21/2000
Abhay Mehta
Power Play
A Study of the Enron Project 
* Publishers: Orient Longman, New Delhi * Price: Rs. 195
THE Enron power project at Dabhol in Ratnagiri district of Maharashtra has 
been mired in nationwide controversy ever since the
inception of the project proposal in 1992; and the sordid tale ends only 
in 1997, with the Supreme Court of India refusing to even
admit an appeal against the Bombay High Court decision, of December 1996, 
which while commenting that "This case has
highlighted to the people as to how even after 50 years of Independence, 
political considerations outweigh the public interest and
the interest of the State and to what extent the Government can go to 
justify its actions not only before the public but even before
the courts of law" - yet dismissed a public interest petition against the 
project on the (purely technical) ground of res judicata, even
though new facts, new arguments, new evidence of the violation of the laws 
of the land had been advanced by the petitioners.
The fact that the fresh violations of the law were not even considered and 
recorded, despite the petitioners adducing the required
evidence, can only be termed as strange, perhaps bizarre.
Abhay Mehta's simple, factual documentation - in fact a chronological 
narration - of all events, including the process of bending all
rules, of subverting the law for promoting a project involving 
unparalleled future liabilities for Maharashtra, indeed for the whole of
India - is not only masterly, it is devastating.
It is a short, pithy book which deserves to be read from cover to cover by 
all thinking citizens of this country. Barring the
concluding chapter, the epilogue, there are no personal comments, only 
facts, disseminated from the original papers, mostly 'secret'
documents.
All documentation has been carefully, faithfully recorded, including 
extracts from supposedly 'top secret' minutes of cabinet
committee meetings; and the specific violations of the law (which were 
opposed by a few public spirited civil servants, much to
their disadvantage) have been pointed up. Apart from an introductory 
'Primer on Electricity' - introduced for the benefit of the
layman, explaining some technical issues relating to electricity 
generation, transmission and distribution - and the background of the
events of 1991, the foreign exchange crisis, and the aftermath of the 
crisis, the other fifteen chapters, three appendices and fourteen
annexes of the small book (of 226 pages) packs in an enormous volume of 
factual information. The strange saga of the Enron
project, and the sheer magnitude of the future problems this one single 
project poses for the country, need to be briefly recounted
here, for essentially, it is the coming generation which would have to 
face the problem.
The MSEB has contracted to buy - and if not used, to pay for - 2000 MW of 
electricity (for a period of 20 years) from the
Dabhol Power Company (the legal entity set up by Enron, as an unlimited 
liability company registered in India, through a maze of
intricate crossholdings of equity by half a dozen or more 'front' 
companies registered in various tax-free havens.
Abhay Mehta has indicated the total payments to Enron over 20 years amount 
to $ 35 billion (at 1998 exchange rates, around Rs.
1,25,000 crores) over the life of the project. One must record that: (a) 
crude oil/oil product prices have as of writing, more than
doubled since the above calculations were made. A per the 'doctored' 
figures presented by the company (and its advocate), the
charge per unit of electricity supplied, at the 1998 level of prices, was 
to 4.39 cent (per unit) as 'capacity charge' and 3.43 cents
(per unit) for 'energy costs'.
The former is indexed to the US inflation rate, and the latter to 
international fuel prices. The former may be assumed to have gone
up only marginally (rounded to 4.4 cents per unit); we know that fuel 
prices have more than doubled internationally over 1999.
Assuming the 'fuel costs' to have increased less than 100 per cent - even 
though international prices have more than doubled - we
may assume (for 1999) energy costs of 6.85 cents per units, making for a 
total payment of 11.25 US cents per unit of electricity
supplied by the Dabhol Power Company (DPC) to MSEB in late 1999, in Phase 
I of the project.
Within another two years, at 2000 MW, the annual offtake (for 365 days X 
24 hours/day) would be 17.52 billion KWH; and at
11.25 cents per unit, the total payment amounts to $1.97 billion annually; 
for 20 years, this workout to $ 39.4 billion.
This is not counting any further inflation in either energy costs or 
capacity charge. At today's exchange rate - about Rs.43.5 per US
dollar - in rupee terms this works out to wore than Rs. 175,000 crores (as 
compared to Rs. 125,000 crores indicated by Abhay
Mehta). This is the cost to MSEB in rupee; and to the country in foreign 
exchange as payment to just one project authority, for
supply of part of the power required in Maharashtra.
The really significant point to note in this connection is that this 
payment - and considerably more, depending on (a) future increase
in'capacity charges' depending on US inflation rate, and international 
prices of LNGaphtha (for 'fuel costs'), and (b) depreciation of
the exchange rate of the rupee vis-a-vis the US dollar - is obligatory; 
the assets of the MSEB, the Maharashtra government
indeed, all assets of the Government of India (present and future) are 
mortgaged to Enron, by way of sovereign guarantees
extended by both governments.
The other significant point in this connection is that - as predicted by 
all independent Indian experts as well as the World Bank -the
Enron project he forced the MSEB to cut its offtake of Tata Electric 
Company's and its own much cheaper thermal power
already; in a postscript dated August 1999, Abhay Mehta has indicated that 
already, the MSEB had stopped buying between 200
and 250 MW of power from Tata Electric (available at Rs. 1.80 per unit) 
and has had to backdown its own Chandrapur thermal
power station (cost of this power being Rs. 1.20 per unit), while forced 
to buy more expensive Enron power at Rs. 5 per unit.
The loss to MSEB on this count alone comes to Rs. 460 crore per year.
This had in fact, been predicted earlier even by the World Bank.
It is pointless here to go into the details of how precisely all this was 
contrived, by a deliberate campaign of 'disinformation', of
blatant lies, of sidelining of expert opinion, not only of independent 
experts but also the GOI's own official advisers in this matter,
namely, the Central Electricity Authority as well as that of the World 
Bank, which was resolutely opposed to this project. The
detailed facts, the letters exchanged in the above context, the pressure 
tactics adopted, the flouting of all procedures norms, even
statutory provisions of the Electricity (Supply) Act, are all carefully 
documented by Abhay Mehta.
Mehta correctly concludes: "We frequently blame external agencies - like 
the World Bank - for all our problems, when, as a
matter of fact, we ourselves are our own worst enemies. In the instant 
case, the World Bank not only advised the Government of
India against the project, it stood resolutely firm in its assessment of 
the total inadvisability of this project. In fact, one must note
here that in 1996, neighbouring Pakistan, which had entered into a 
somewhat similar MoU with Enron, cancelled the project (and
the Power Purchase Agreement with Enron), for a $ 670 million, 782 MW 
residual oil-fuelled power plant, even though that
Agreement had stipulated Enron power supply at a fixed rate of 6.4 US 
cents per KWH over a 30 year period. (Note the
estimated rate of 11.25 cents per KWH for Dabhol power for the MSEB in 
December 1999, which works out to around Rs. 5
per unit).
One could go on; but one must leave the reader to go through Abhay Mehta's 
crisp, factual, matter of fact narration of the Enron
saga, and switch over to the point made by him in the epilogue to the 
story, about 'The Next Round of Scams'.
For quite some time, the ruling elite in India has been intent on 
'privatising' all public enterprises; and even 'utilities' are no
exception. The 'unbundling' of infrastructure with a view to privatisation 
of all the 'profitable' segments. All this - as per the current
'disinformation campaign' - is supposedly in the interest of 
rationalisation and greater efficiency of poorer supply.
The author has referred in this context to the acquisition from the 
Government - by the Torrent Group - of the Ahmedabad and
Surat Electricity companies at less than one-tenth of the market value of 
the assets of thee facilities. Again, much like the Enron
saga, all objections by the Finance Department of the Gujarat government 
were overruled.
And, Abhay Mehta has predicated that this onslaught - the break-up of 
power utilities into three segments, generation, transmission
and distribution, - with a view to their privatisation is likely to be the 
new thrust by the ruling elite, for reasons that do not require to
be spelt out.
Though Mehta had the examples of the Torrent Group takeover of Ahmedabad 
and Surat Electricity companies, and of the break
up of the Orissa State Electricity Board before him, yet his statement can 
be stated today to be prophetic; the UPSEB is now on
the firing line. The recent strike by the workers and engineers of the 
UPSEB in protest of the announced UP government decision
to trifurcate the UPSEB; and the Union Minister of Power, Mr. Rangarajan 
Kumaramangalam's statement that the UPSEB is a
loss making, inefficient unit and that privatisation of the facilities 
after the trifurcation - need to be noted.
That 40 per cent of the dues of the UPSEB are from the UP Government; that 
tariffs for UP electricity supply are fixed by the UP
government and not by the UPSEB; that the UPSEB does not have the cash 
even for routine maintenance as a result of the above
- these are facts that nobody is prepared even to consider. That the 
remedy for UPSEB lies in a different kind of reform and
restructuring, is not even to be debated. The whole idea is to privatise 
the profitable segments, and to leave the public sector entity
with all the problem areas, including rural energy supply. It is against 
this background that Abhay Mehta's book needs to be widely
disseminated, read, and its implications understood.
What is at stake is not a 'utility' here or a PSU there. What is at stake 
is the future of some 80 per cent of the have-nots in this
country.
What is at stake is the 'pillory' of the assets of the nation for private 
aggrandisement.
Arun Ghosh 
Jlpnymex@aol.com on 02/22/2000 03:53:46 PM
We are so glad you will be able to join us for dinner and the HLSR on March
2, 2000, to see Reba McEntire perform.
Here is the itinerary for the evening:
Depart NYMEX office at 5:30 p.m.by limousine for Pappasito's restaurant
(parking is available across the street on Smith street)
Arrive Pappasito's restaurant, located at 610 and Kirby near the Astrodome,
by
6:00 p.m.  If it is more convenient for you, feel free to meet us at
Pappasito's by
6:00 p.m.  You can leave your car there, and ride with us in the limo to the
Dome, or follow us to the Dome in your car.
Depart Pappasito's by 7:15 p.m. for the Rodeo.
Depart Rodeo at the end of the show, by limo to cars at Pappasito's, and/or
to the NYMEX office.
Please contact me by email or telephone (713-658-9296) as to whether you will
meet us at our office or Pappasito's.  Also please contact me if you have any
other questions or logistical requirements.
I look forward to meeting each of you.
Jana Laird Phillips
Marketing Manager 
Drogi Panie Andrzeju,
Prosze powolac sie na  mnie.
W. Kaminski
Andrzej WODNICKI  Drogi Panie Kaminski!
Bardzo przepraszam za klopot. Wiem, ze jest Pan niezmiernie
zajetym czlowiekiem. Jednak chcialem zapytac sie Pana o jeszcze
jedna kluczowa dla nas sprawe, ze wzgledy na termin naszego
wydarzenia - 7 marzec 2000.
Mianowicie, czy byloby mozliwe, aby  w
rozmowie z Panem Astramowiczem powolac sie na Pana.
Wydaje mi sie, ze bardzo by nam Pana nazwisko pomoglo.
Bardzo liczymy na Pana pomoc,
Pozdrawiam
Andrzej Wodnicki
Tom,
FYI. I hope to meet Nick Bambos this weekend.
Vince
Nick Bambos  Dear Vince,
Giuseppe tells me that you will be visiting Stanford soon
and you you would like to meet with me. I would definitely
be glad to meet you and talk further.
Would you please let me know about the time of your visit
and your availability to meet. I look forward to seeing you.
,
Nick
PS: Giuseppe and Amy came back very impressed by you are doing at Enron!
Thanks for hosting them.
Sreve,
12 o'clock will work for me. Any food, except for sushi. I have to leave at 
1:00
for the airport.
Vince
Steven Leppard
02/21/2000 04:07 AM
Vince
Lane expects Wednesday 12pm will be OK for lunch - he'll meet us here at the 
office.  Lane will confirm this later today, and I'll book a local 
restaurant.  Have you any food preferences?
Steve
FYI
Vince
P.S. Charlene, I am in London till Wednesday. If you have any questions you 
can contact Stinson Gibner
X3-4748.
Stinson Gibner
02/18/2000 01:58 PM
Vince:   Here is an electronic version of Amy Ward's resume.
--Stinson
Amy Ruth Ward  Stinson,
I am pleased to hear your HR department is putting together an offer for
summer employment.  I enjoyed everyone I interviewed with while in Houston
and appreciated you taking the time to put together this day.
As requested, I am attaching an electronic version of my resume.  (Note it
is a slightly more updated one then the one I gave you earlier.)  It is in
Microsoft Word format.
My dates of availability are Wed., July 5 through Fri., September 15 (10
1/2 weeks).
Sincerely,
Amy Ward
- resume.doc
Hi all,
Attached please find slides for our conference call this afternoon.  Looking 
forward to speaking with you!
,
Team 3
Stephen L. Lessar
MBA Candidate, 2002
The Wharton School
Home: (215) 875-9733
Mobile: (215) 681-3942
stephen.lessar.wg02@wharton.upenn.edu
- Enron pres 032201.ppt
Scott Adams  Dilbert Newsletter 29.0
Highlights:
- Stop the Vote Campaign
- Dilbert TV Show Update
- True Tales of Induhviduals
- Dogbert Answers My Mail
- Dilberitos
Stop the Vote Campaign
It's a presidential election year in the United States, and that
means it's time for me to "get involved."
This year I'm organizing a "Stop The Vote" campaign aimed at
preventing Induhviduals from casting ballots.  I'll borrow a
strategy used by all politicians: hallucinations of what the
Founding Fathers intended.
As you know, people were very wise in the 1700s. Unfortunately,
something happened that made us all idiots.  I blame television.
That's why we prefer to make our important decisions on personal
freedom based on the wisdom of dead, slave-owning dandies instead
of using our own defective brains.
We have no recordings of the Constitutional debates, but I'm sure
it went something like this:
Jefferson:  We haven't put anything in the Bill of Rights about
genetic manipulation, Internet encryption, in vitro fertilization,
or mandatory drug testing.
Adams: Just say "et cetera."  No one is going to read it anyway.
Hancock: Let's include something to encourage public nudity.  Cable
TV won't be invented for years and I can't wait that long.
Jefferson:  Okay.  I'll call that the right to bare arms.
Franklin:  That might be misinterpreted.
Jefferson:  Who's the world-class writer here?  I keep your stupid
Almanac next to my chamber pot, and I don't mean for the reading.
Franklin:  I am soooo sorry for making a suggestion.  By the way,
your house slave "Jeff" has your eyes.
All:  HA HA HA HA HA HA 
Adams:  You're all a bunch of asses.  I think you're giving me an
embolism.
Jefferson:  You have the right to ass-embolisms.  Hey, maybe I
should include that.  How do you spell it?
Dilbert TV Show Update
According to my e-mail, many Dilbert TV fans tape the show so they
have permanent copies in their tape libraries.  While Dilbert is
being taped, they watch other shows that are not tape-worthy.
Unfortunately, only live viewing of TV shows counts for ratings.
This isn't a problem for some TV shows, like "Wheel of Fortune,"
because their viewers use VCRs to crack nuts.  But the mathematical
sets of "people who can program VCRs" and "people most likely to
watch 'Dilbert'" are almost the same.  This has been a problem.
The episode airing February 22nd (9:30 PM EST) in the USA will
probably determine whether the Dilbert show gets renewed.  That's
the episode featuring Jerry Seinfeld as the voice of Comp-U-Comp,
an evil computer who has taken over a company and fired everyone
except the guy who guards the electrical plug.  Eugene Levy plays
the plug guard.
Jerry's lines are mostly written by Larry Charles, one of the
original writers for Seinfeld, now Executive Producer for Dilbert.
So if you liked Seinfeld, this is the closest thing you're going to
get.
And if you know any Induhviduals who are in Nielsen families this
month, please tell them that there's some sort of "millionaire
prize" for watching "Dilbert" and answering questions posed by the
voices in their own heads.
Dilbert Episode Airs On the Internet
As part of our overall pimping for the Seinfeld voice episode,
we're putting an entire show (The Merger episode) on the Internet
in streaming video, starting February 17th and running through
February 29th.  You can find links to it at
www.dilbertondemand.com.  You need the Windows Media Player, which
you can download from the site.
As far as we know, this is the first television cartoon show
streamed over the Internet in its entirety.  We made sure we didn't
research that fact too thoroughly so we could honestly say, "as far
as we know."
You'll need a reasonably fast connection, but you can view the
entire show, in bite-sized chunks, at your leisure.  Don't settle
for mere bragging about your DSL or cable modem connection;
DEMONSTRATE your digital superiority!  Invite a neighbor who has a
pitiful 28.8 modem over to drool on you.  If you wear a raincoat,
it's a strangely satisfying experience and you can hose it off
later.
If you know anyone recently involved in a merger, the Dilbert
episode on the Internet (The Merger) is the one they'll want to
see.  Find out what's in store for companies who seek "synergy."
True Tales of Induhviduals
I begin the True Tales section with a personal sighting.  I
recently came upon a local road that was closed for improvements.
Signs warned "Road Closed" and "Bridge Out."  As I turned around to
head for the detour, another motorist waved me down.  We rolled
down our windows and he shouted, "Do you think we should just move
the barricades and go for it?"
I don't know how fast one must drive in order to compensate for a
"Bridge Out" situation, but I decided not to try it.
True Tale 2
Some of our corporate policies have been rewritten.  Here's an
example from our expense reporting procedures.
"Receipts are required for all expenditures of $25 or more and, in
addition to this, receipts for a lesser amount are also required."
Editor's note: It sounds as if some of the people in the HR are
idiots and, in addition to this, the rest of them are too.
True Tale 3
We received a letter from the Environmental Protection Agency
stating that unless we provided answers to their outstanding
questions within two weeks they would recommend that our power
plant construction project not proceed.
Apparently they failed to notice that, a) we already answered the
questions, b) their approval had already been issued and, c) the
$600 million power plant had been built nearly two years ago.
Editor's note: If those are the sort of questions the EPA calls
"outstanding" I'd hate to hear their dumb ones.
True Tale 4
We had a Christmas raffle in the "Business Intelligence"
department.   The boss drew a number and called it out.   The
department statistician stood up to tumultuous applause and went up
to collect his prize.  Meanwhile, another employee -- who turned
out to be the real winner -- stood up to collect that same prize.
Upon investigation, the statistician for Business Intelligence had
confused ticket 593 for 539.
Editor's note: On the surface it looks as if the statistician is a
boob.  But he's the only one in the room who realized that 39% of
the time the real winner isn't present to win.  I suspect he's a
DNRC member just playing the odds.
True Tale 5
When a project is finished in my department we place a red dot
sticker on the folder to signify its completion.  One day we ran
out of red dots but still had a large supply of green and blue
dots.  Dots weren't used for any other purpose so I suggested using
the ones we have, despite their non-red color.  Color was
insignificant.  There were only five of us in the group, so
communicating the change would be easy.
My money-saving suggestion was met with resistance from cow-orkers.
They pointed out that we've "always used RED dots" and maybe I
should check with the department manager.  I mentioned my idea to
the manager and he said I should "bring it up at the next staff
meeting."
Editor's note: Ironically, it's not a dot.com company.
True Tale 6
I paid for lunch with a credit card.  The manager put it through
the electronic card machine and got a "no dial tone" error.  She
tried again with the same result.  Then she asked me if I had
another card.
Editor's note:  That's exactly why you should pay for your lunch
using a phone company calling card.  They have dial tone.
True Tale 7
We tested our Y2K power contingency plans a few weeks before New
Year's.  The Induhviduals in IT didn't expect any downtime, so the
test was performed during the normal work day.  The idea was that
when power was cut, the six generators would kick on and we
wouldn't notice a thing.
Three generators failed to start. Two threw their breakers due to
the high load on them.  The last was overwhelmed when the previous
two cut out and threw a tremendous surge through the lines, blowing
up hundreds of light bulbs, frying fax machines, radios and pencil
sharpeners along the way.   The surge jumped circuits in our
industrial level surge protector and traveled through our "surge
protected" lines to every desktop in the company plus the server
room.  After taking out over a hundred monitors and almost forty
PCs, the surge proceeded to destroy our server room air
conditioner, four huge UPS systems, thirteen servers and both
AS/400s.  Several small fires started throughout the building,
including our now half-melted Christmas tree and our
molten-menorah.
The surge then jumped the lines into the main power grid, blowing
up two transformers, one of which fell on the IT manager's car
(poetic justice) and cutting power on the entire block.  The
remaining generator then proceeded to burst into flames, eventually
blowing up all six generators and burning up seven cars.
This all occurred within about thirty seconds and sent 38 people to
the hospital, cost the company over $650,000 in equipment (not to
mention the impending lawsuits), destroyed eight cars and caused
weeks of downtime.  Three people quit the company.  One woman is
still in the hospital with electrical burns.  The resulting
publicity got us on television in five states.
Editor's note: That story sounds too amazing to be true but I'm
printing it anyway under the theory that there's no such thing as
bad publicity.
True Tale 8
Our university library just got new computers. The library
thoughtfully provided headphones so students can listen to sound
files without disturbing anyone nearby.   The problem is the
headphone cords have been clamped to the desk in such a way that in
order to use them, you must have your head no more than six inches
from your keyboard. It is great fun to see the stu-duh-nts trying
to use them.
True Tale 9
I went to a Georgia DMV office to obtain a driver's license.
Customers are required to produce two pieces of ID.  I presented a
utility bill and a copy of my latest tax return, both acceptable
types of ID according to their published list.
The agent behind the counter said she could not accept my tax
return as ID because it was typed.  She said, "How do we know this
is legitimate?  Anyone can get a computer or typewriter to produce
this return."  I argued, unsuccessfully, that it was also easy to
obtain pens and pencils to create hand-written returns.  I was told
to come back with a hand-written return or another acceptable form
of ID.
True Tale 10
I went to a fast-food restaurant one morning for breakfast.  The
moment I opened the door, I was almost swept off my feet by an
overpowering odor of gas.  I struggled up to the counter out of a
vague sense of duty, and said  "You've got an enormous gas leak
back there somewhere!" gesturing towards the kitchen.
The girl behind the counter shrugged and said, "Yeah, I know, but
I've been here since seven o'clock and I've gotten used to it."
True Tale 11
I went to ask our new principal if we could have the Monday before
finals off as a study day.  We had always gotten a study day in the
past but it wasn't on the schedule this time.  He thought for a
second and then responded, "No, you have school that day."
True Tale 12
About a year ago I went to buy a video for a friend's birthday.
The video was rated for adult viewing only.   I was 15 years old,
but they sold it to me anyway.
When I got home I found out that my friend wanted the sequel, not
the original, so I took it back to the store.  The video clerk said
he couldn't return the video because I didn't look 18.
I was confused, so I attempted to clarify.  "So, because I don't
look 18 you're going to MAKE me take this ADULT-rated video, rather
then let me change it for the sequel that is NOT ADULT-rated?"
"Yeah, it's company policy.  If it changes we'll be in touch."
Eventually I convinced him he was breaking the law by selling me
the adult video instead of letting me exchange it for the non-adult
one.   As I left, the guy behind the counter yelled at me, "Next
time, don't watch the video first!"
It was still in its shrink-wrap.
Dogbert Answers My Mail
In this section, Dogbert answers my mail.  These are based on real
e-mail to me.  Some names have been changed to make them easier to
mock.
Dear Mr. Adams,
You were duped in your last newsletter.   Someone submitted a
supposedly True Tale of Induhviduals about a little boy and a
pager.  That is actually an urban legend more than twenty years
old.  Shame on you for falling for that.
Jim,
Dear Chimp,
Just because it's an urban legend doesn't mean it didn't happen.
In fact, just this morning Mr. Adams woke up in a bathtub full of
ice and found a note saying one of his kidneys was missing.  It
wasn't stolen; he got talked into donating it to a celebrity
auction for the National Ear Hair Foundation.  I'm working with him
on learning to say no.
Sincerely,
Dogbert
(Note:  In this next letter, some expletives have been replaced by
asterisks)
Dear Mr. Adams,
Your stupid ******* comic strip is a piece of ****.  Give up
cartooning and **** my ****, you 
(Anonymous)
Dear Esophagus,
There is no call for such language.  If you do it again, it will be
your 
Sincerely,
Dogbert
Dear Mr. Adams,
No offense, but no one will cry when you die because Dilbert is
just some goofy guy. Some of the biussness (sic) stuff is HARD to
understand and it isn't something that you can feel like you know.
Dogbert is so egotistical whereas Snoopy is so easy to know, and
Charlie Brown is not some GOOFY guy, if you know what I mean.
Marshall
Dear Marsupial,
No offense taken. Now if you'll excuse me, I have to get back to
"buissness."
Sincerely,
Dogbert
Dear Mr. Adams,
What is that round black thing on Dogbert's face?  My friend says
it's his mouth but I say it's his nose.
Floyd
Dear Flawed,
I get this question often, thanks to Mr. Adams' prodigious artistic
range.  Allow me to clarify some of the shapes in the Dilbert
strip.  In general, the black circles are dog noses.  The black
ovals are mouths.  Rectangles are desks or sometimes computers. 
When the ovals are turned the other way and are not filled with
black they are glasses.  Everything else is random.
I have already requested a transfer to "For Better or For Worse."
The dog mortality rate there is high, but I'm willing to take the
chance.
Sincerely,
Dogbert
Dilberitos
If you're wondering where to find those delicious and
coincidentally-vegetarian Dilberitos that have 100% of your daily
values of vitamins and minerals, they're in grocery stores now, in
the frozen food section.  Check www.dilberito.com for store
details.
I can't guarantee that eating Dilberitos will help you live long
enough to dance on the graves of all your enemies (an excellent
aerobic exercise), but it's worth a try.
Dilbert Fodder
What's bugging you about your job?  Let me know and you might see
it in a Dilbert comic, TV show or newsletter.  The best comic
fodder involves workplace peeves, devious strategies, frustrations
of dealing with others, conflicting objectives, unintended
management consequences, and of course my favorite - idiot bosses.
And I love True Tales of Induhviduals.
And if you're seeing any new management trends that need to be
mocked, I can help.  Send your suggestions to me at
scottadams@aol.com.  Short ones are better.
Cubicle Art
The Dilbert Zone is now accepting submissions of cubicle art: art
made from things you have around the office, or decorated cubes, or
"theme" cubes. Toward the end of March, the best ones will be
posted in the DNRC area at www.dilbert.com. Submissions will only
be accepted by e-mail, and must be in gif or jpg format, 50K or
less. E-mail cubicle art submissions to cubeart@unitedmedia.com.
All submissions will be governed by the terms of use posted at
www.dilbert.com.
Exclusive DNRC-only Offer - while supplies last!
Now through February 27th, take advantage of these special offers:
Spend $10.00 in The Dilbert Store and receive a free Dogbert Tech
Support Mug and a free 25-minute phone card.
Spend $35.00 in The Dilbert Store and receive a free Boss Pen
Holder with Dilbert Pen, a free Tech Support Mug and a free
25-minute phone card.
These DNRC offers will not be announced in the Dilbert Store. To
get them, you need to follow this DNRC-only link:
This year's Dilbert calendars are back in stock. Buy yours now
before they're gone for good!
In addition to the DNRC-only offers, enjoy great discounts on the
following products:
Dogbert "You're Next on My List of Things to Ignore" Cap - $7.99
Ignore Y2K Bug T-shirt - $9.99
Character Picture Frame - $8.99
Young Dilbert CD-ROM - $14.99
(Offers are limited to one DNRC bonus per order, but regular
Dilbert Store freebies will be added if the order amount qualifies
for them.)
How to Subscribe to the Dilbert Newsletter
You can sign up for the free Dilbert Newsletter
automatically. Send a blank e-mail to
dilbert-text-on@list.unitedmedia.com.
Unsubscribing
To unsubscribe automatically, send a blank e-mail to
dilbert-off@list.unitedmedia.com.
Problems Signing up for the Newsletter
If the automatic method doesn't work for you, simply
send a message to newsletter@unitedmedia.com specifying your
e-mail(or snail mail) address and you will be added manually.  This
method is much slower than the automatic method so please be
patient.
Scott Adams
scottadams@aol.com
Please do not reply to dilbertnewsletter@unitedmedia.com
FYI
Vince
Ravi Thuraisingham@MUNICATIONS on 02/20/2000 12:48:11 AM
Vince, both Matt and April think that this type of research would be 
value-additive to EBS.  I will be out all next week in a meeting with John 
Griebling and other on a deal that is being worked out.  I understand that 
you are following up with HR on all of our summer intern offers. Please make 
sure Palo is given an offer and that he will work with April and Matt (he did 
talk to Matt) on the topics that April and I suggested.
,
Ravi.
Matt Harris
02/17/00 08:08 PM
Looks interesting.
I would guess that there is a TON of research available (from @Home, AOL, 
Roadrunner, Real, Microsoft, etc.) on Broadband's impact on the strategic 
value of web properties.  Compiling this would be very helpful.
MH
Ravi Thuraisingham
02/17/00 12:15 PM
Hi April & Matt, here is additional information on the summer intern that 
I've mentioned.
Matt, I know you know nothing about this! My discussion with April on the 
possible research topic let me (& April) to believe that you would provide 
great input on what the student can work on while he is here 
,
Ravi.
EBS Research
Stinson Gibner@ECT
02/17/00 11:23 AM
Vince:  Here is the information that I have on Paulo.    He would be slated 
to work for the summer with April Hodgeson and Matt Harris on how streaming 
media products may add value to advertising or some related area Actually, he would also be a good fit for helping to think ways to analyze 
our Enron On-line data.    I have asked if he can send a resume.   In the 
mean time, most of his relevant information is attached below.
--Stinson
Paulo Rocha e Oliveira  Stinson,
Thank you for your e-mail.  My phone number is (617) 492-9551 
I graduated from Princeton University in 1996 (mathematics), and came 
straight to MIT for a
Ph.D. in Operations Management at the Sloan Schoolof Management.  In my first
three years I took all the required coursework in mathematics,
optimization, stochastic processes, etc., as well as a number of courses in
psychology (at MIT and Harvard).  I am working with Prof. Gabriel Bitran,
and I am interested in the mathematical modeling of service operations.  In
particular, I am interested in the interaction between customers and
companies (hence the interest in psychology).  The (tentative) title of my
PhD thesis is "Pricing Substitute Products on the Internet", and I am
sending you the summary which I sent to Tom Gros a few weeks ago that will
give you an idea of what this research is about.
Thanks again, and I'm looking forward to meeting you and your research
group next week.
Paulo
Pricing Substitute Products on the Internet
Objective:
To develop new tools to decide pricing policies for goods and services sold
on
the internet.
Motivation:
This research is motivated by the fact that traditional choice and 
optimization
models are not appropriate for internet-related businesses.  The technological
innovations associated with the internet brought about an overload of
information
which inevitably affects the ways in which consumers make choices.
Furthermore,
companies have a great deal of influence on how much information consumers can
have access to.
The problem of pricing substitute products is an important strategic issue
faced
by internet companies.  Consumers usually search for generic products (e.g.
VCRs
or computers) without knowing exactly what they will buy.  Companies can show
different products and different prices to each consumer.  This type of
flexibility
was not available until the internet came about.
The problem of pricing substitute products is not unique to the internet.  The
methodology developed by this research should be transferable to a number of
other settings, such as pricing services.  Services are unique, and there are
many cases where customers will only buy one of many services offered by a
given company.  Our model will help companies decide which services to offer
to which customers and how much to charge for these services.
Research Strategy:
Our research strategy is to divide the pricing problem into two components
which can be combined to generate optimal pricing strategies.  These
components are choice models and optimization models.
Choice Models:
Choice models describe how customers make choices.  The management literature
draws on two main sources for these models: psychology and economics.  The
common approach in psychology models is to use what are called heuristic
elimination methods.  These methods consist of the elimination of options
based on the sequential elimination of features until only one choice
remains.
These methods tend to be very context-specific and do not lend themselves very
easily to mathematical analysis.  Economists focus on utility-maximing models
that are significantly more mathematically tractable than psychological
models.
The most common economic model of choice is the logit model.  The problem with
these types of models is that they are not very accurate reflections of how
consumer make choices on the internet.  The first step in our research will
be
to develop choice models that capture the interactions going on between
customers
and companies on the internet.
Optimization:
Traditionally, the optimization problem consists of maximizing revenue over a
certain planning horizon.  On the internet, the problem of maximizing revenue
still exists, but there is also a need to learn about customers.  Short term
profit is based on sales, but long term profit is based on how well you know
your customers and are able to retain them.  The optimization problem must
therefore include a short term component (sales) and a long term component
(learning).
Ravi,
Maybe Stinson can get on this conference call. I shall be at the office on 
Thursday
only this week.
Vince
Ravi Thuraisingham@MUNICATIONS on 02/20/2000 01:13:06 AM
Hi Vince, Mark Holsworth reviewed our contract on such a short notice.  I 
thank Mark for responding to our short-notice request.  It turns out that we 
need to get this database to move forward on a number of things and have 
legal save some time for us is an excellent help.  As mentioned below, It 
appears that PennWell's folks want to chat some more about this. 
Mark, can you schedule a conference call with these people to finalise this 
contract.  I will be out of town all week next week on a lock-down deal 
meeting. Vince may be able to get on the conference call.  I would greatly 
appreciate it if you could help us close this one!
,
Ravi.
Russell@pennwell.com
02/18/00 06:16 PM
Ravi -
I would like to schedule a conference call between you, me, PennWell's
counsel (Toni Turner Budd), and Enron's counsel to discuss your changes and
finalize the KMI End-User License Agreement.  I propose that we have the
conference call at 2:00 PM CST this Monday, February 21.  Please let me know
if you are available at this time and, if not, propose an alternative time
for the call.  In addition, please provide me with a telephone number where
I can reach you for the conference call.
PennWell is looking forward to finalizing the license agreement and
delivering the KMI data to Enron.
Yours truly,
Russell Iorio
Manager of Business Development
PennWell Corporation
1421 South Sheridan Road
Tulsa, OK  74112
russell@pennwell.com  (918) 831-9122 Direct
(918) 831-9476 Fax
Hi Richard, here is a marked up version from our lawyer.
Please have your
people look at it and if it seems fine make the changes
and send a signed
copy back to me.
Ravi.
----- Forwarded by Ravi Thuraisingham/Enron Communications
on 02/17/00 06:21 PM
|        |          Mark   |        |          Holsworth@ENR|
|        |          ON    |        |          02/17/00   |        |          04:10 PM   
|
Please find attached my redlining of the VMI Agreelment.
Please review it and
send it to the vendor for their review.
(See attached file: 2-14-2000 EULA.doc)
Amy,
Yes, I am interested. I am in London now, but I shall contact him on 
Thuirsday.
Vince
Amy FitzPatrick
02/21/2000 03:34 AM
Vince 
Would you have any interest in this candidate 
Kind Amy
Bryan Seyfried
18/02/2000 19:50
probably a bit to techy for me but maybe a good fit for Vince Kaminski in 
Houston Research.
bs
Amy FitzPatrick
17/02/2000 12:52
Any thoughts on this candidate?
Kind Amy
Hi Amy
A colleague of mine interviewed someone last week who is a PHD whose
background is as a developer within catastrophe risk management. He is
looking to move into more of a quantitative role which will utilise his
developing  skills and also his statistical and theoretical knowledge as
well. The issue is that he is based in Chicago and I wondered if there
would be any interest from your headquarters there.
Please find attached his details.
Speak to you soon.
Simon
- D0075530.DOC
Ludmila,
You can reach me at   vkamins@. I am  accessing my mail.
Elzbieta was reconnected  to the machine again this morning (Mon).
Vince
Ed,
I am glad I got it resolved. Hope you will like the system.
Vince
ekrapels  Dear Donna, Thanks for your help, and to Vince as well. I'll access the site
next week, when I'm back from a holiday weekend.
Ed Krapels
Attention:     ESAI
Ed Krapels
Thank you for your interest in EnronOnline.
As  requested,  following is a guest password that will allow you temporary
view
only  access  to  EnronOnline.   Please  note, the user ID and password are
CASE
SENSITIVE.
Guest User ID:      ENA61296
Guest Password:          TR84BY13
In order to apply for transaction status with EnronOnline, your company
needs to
complete a Password Application and Registration Form for a Master User
account.
Each  Master  User will be able to grant various levels of access for
additional
users.
To  obtain  a  Password  Application  and  Registration  Form, you can visit
our
website  at  www.enrononline.com  and select the ?How to Register? link, or
call
our HelpDesk at 713/853-HELP (4357).
We  hope  you will find that EnronOnline provides an easy and more efficient
way
to do business with Enron. We look forward to transacting with you online.
Sincerely,
Donna Corrigan Greif
EnronOnline HelpDesk
713/853-HELP (4357)
- att1.htm
Julia Shaw  Dear Mr Kamins
I am delighted that you would like to speak at the forthcoming "Real Options" 
conference.  Would your company be covering travel and hotel expenses?  If 
not I would need to get internal sign off to cover any expenses you would 
have.  Please can you tell me either way so that I can make the requisite 
inquiries if required.
The speakers at the conference have provided me with between 5-8 bullet 
points for their talks.  Could you email me a few ideas with regard to the 
content of the talk and I will email back my ideas.  I have attached one of 
the talks at the conference to give you an idea of the style of the talks 
which have already been included.
I look forward to speaking with you later this afternoon.
Kind  
Julia Shaw
Conference Producer
Tel:44 171 915 5650
Fax:44 171 915 5001
Email:jshaw@iir-conferences.com
>> "Vince J Kaminski Dear Ms. Shaw,
I have just returned from London. One of the points on my
agenda was an internal seminar  on the topic of real options
my group offered to the Enron unit in London. Real options is
a valuation technology I have been promoting internally
for quite a long time.
I shall be glad to speak at your conference. Proposed topic:
"Real Options and Valuation of Fixed Assets in the Energy Industry".
Please, let me know if this of interest to you.
Vince Kaminski
Julia Shaw  
Dear Mr Kaminski,
I was given your name by Ann Wagoner and I believe that you area speaking at 
her
conference on Real Options.  I work in the London office of IIR and am putting
on a similar conference.  Your company has been mentioned by a wide variety of
people who I have spoken with about real options.  A number of people have
mentioned that your company is regarded very much as a market leader.
I would like to discover if a representative from ENRON might be interested in
speaking at the conference.  I have attached the draft programme with agreed
speakers to date.  The conference is by no means set in stone and if a speaker
from ENRON decided to become involved I would ensure that you were given a 
good
speaking slot in the conference and would have editorial control over the 
talk.
I very much hope that ENRON will become involved with the conference and I 
look
forward to speaking with you today or next week about the prospect.
Kind  
Julia Shaw
Conference Producer
Tel 44 171 915 5650
Fax 44 171 915 5001
Email:jshaw@iirltd.co.uk
!
!
!
- Smith.doc
FYI
Vince
Osman Sezgen@EES
02/18/2000 08:50 AM
Vince,
I do not think that there is match with our group but I forwarded Steve's 
resume
to Ford Cooper and Joe Phalen of the Water Group.
,
Osman
Charlene,
I am sending you as promised the information I have about 3 of our summer 
interns.
I shall fax you this morning two additional resumes I have in hard copy.
In the case of Paulo Rocha we don't have a formal
resume, just a letter from him with the summary of his skills.
Thanks for your help. Enron desperately needs this talent.
Vince
Drogi Panie Andrzeju,
Probuje skontaktowac sie z Jarkiem Astramowiczem, by znalezc sposob 
dofinansowania Waszej imprezy. 
Jedyna mozliwosc, by to zrobic jest poprzez Enron Poland. Mnie byloby
bardzo trudno usprawiedliwic to z mojego budzetu.
W. Kaminski
Szanowny Panie Kaminski!
Nazywam sie Andrzej Wodnicki i jestem czlonkiem Stowarzysznia Studentow 
AIESEC przy Szkole Glownej Handlowej (dawnej SGPiS).
Prosze o poswiecenie paru chwil na przeczytanie tego maila.
(Kontakt do Pana otrzymalem od kolegi, ktory organizowal prezentacje firmy 
ENRON na SGH, a posrednio od Pana Jarka Astramowicza, przedstawiciela ENRON 
na Polske.)
W imieniu AIESEC Polska chcialbym zwrocic sie do Pana z wielka prosba pomocy 
przy wydarzeniu, ktore w tym roku organizujemy.
AIESEC Polska, a w szczegolnosci AIESEC przy Szkole Glownej Handlowej ma 
zaszczyt organizowac w tym roku European Leadership Development Seminar. Jest 
to seminarium na temat przywodztwa skierowne do obecnych i przyszlych 
czlonkow Rad Wykonawczych Komitetow Lokalnych  AIESEC w calej Europie.
Po raz pierwszy AIESEC Polska ma mozliwosc organizacji takiego wydarzenia i 
stanowi ono dla nas olbrzymie wyzwanie.
Przygotowywalismy sie do niego od kilku lat i obecnie jestesmy juz w koncowej 
fazie organizacji EuroLDS 2000.
Projekt rozpoczyna sie 7 marca 2000 roku Oficjalnym Otwarciem przez Pana 
Prezydenta Aleksandra Kwasniewskiego w Sali Kongresowej. Pozniej odbeda sie 
Dyskusje Panelowe (udzial wielu znakomitych gosci - m.in Jan Krzysztof 
Bielecki, Jacek Saryusz Wolski, Andrzej Olechowski)  oraz wyklady i 
prezentacje regionow Polski w Auli Spadochronowej Szkoly Glownej Handlowej, a 
nastepnie delegaci udadza sie do hotelu Mrongovia na szkolenia, casy i 
wyklady na temat przywodztwa. (Szczegolowy program EuroLDS 2000 przesylam w 
zalaczniku.)
Jak do tej pory staralismy sie mozliwie najwiecej dokonac wlasnymi silami, 
jednak obecnie na 3 tygodnie przed tym wydarzeniem stoimy przed pewnym 
problemem i stad tez pojawil sie pomysl skontaktowania Pana, jako osoby, 
ktora moglaby nam wydatnie pomoc.
Chcielibysmy poprosic Pana o wsparcie finansowe.
Wspolpracujemy juz z wieloma firmami i instytucjami (m.in. Deloitte & Touche, 
Arthur Andersen, Fundusz Phare, Fundacja Konrada Adenauera oraz wieloma 
innymi), jednak na obecnym etapie organizacji projektu wciaz brakuje nam 
12000 Poczatkowo chcielismy nawiazac kontakt z Pania Eileen Price z Londynu, jednak 
wydaje nam sie, ze Pan jako zalozyciel AIESEC w Polsce powienien po pierwsze 
o takim wydarzeniu wiedziec, a po drugie mamy nadzieje, ze moze nam Pan pomoc.
Bardzo prosze o odpowiedz,
Z powazaniem
Andrzej Wodnicki
Prezydent EuroLDS 2000
AIESEC Szkola Glowna Handlowa
- att1.htm
- EuroLDS_prezentacja.ppt
Sent by: Ken Lay and Jeff Skilling@
California=01,s power crisis has generated heated debate over the last several=20
months.  Unfortunately, this debate has generated more heat than light.  We=20
want you to know what the facts are and what we are doing about the crisis. =20
Please spend a few minutes reading the following overview on the situation=20
and our position on California energy issues.
What happened in California
The source of California=01,s current problem is as straightforward as supply=20
and demand.  California=01,s economy grew 29 percent since 1998.  This increased=20
the demand for electricity by 24 percent.  At the same time, regulatory=20
restrictions prevented new generation from getting built in the state.  So=20
demand grew but regulations prevented supplies from being added.  The result,=20
predictably, is a shortage.  This summer, peak capacity will be about 10=20
percent shy of peak demand, leading to further blackouts in the state.
In addition to the supply and demand imbalance, there are two other related=20
factors that led to the current crisis.  First, the state=01,s regulations=20
forced all sales and purchases into the spot market.  The spot market for=20
power is extraordinarily volatile.  The way firms behave in a free market=20
when faced with such volatility is to construct a portfolio of purchases long=20
term, medium term and short term, to reduce exposure to this volatility.  In=20
California, state regulation prevented this strategy.  This would be the=20
equivalent of putting the entire state on an adjustable rate mortgage in the=20
most volatile interest rate environment imaginable.  Everything was fine=20
while the power surplus persisted, but when shortages ensued, every megawatt=20
was purchased at the sky rocketing spot price.
Second, retail markets were not deregulated.  Regulated retail rates remained=20
in effect, and stranded cost recovery charges were structured to keep=20
competition out.  This meant that utilities were forced to pay high wholesale=20
prices in the spot market but were only able to recover costs at the=20
regulated retail rate.  They are now nearly bankrupt.
In short, California=01,s problems were caused by regulation, not deregulation. =20
Regulations prevented competitors from entering the market, prevented new=20
generation from being built, and prevented prudent hedging against volatile=20
spot prices.
At the time California was developing its restructuring plan, Enron warned=20
the state=01,s policy makers about these risks and proposed alternatives, which,=20
if adopted, would have averted the current crisis.
Enron=01,s Role
Many political leaders in the state have elected to fix blame rather than fix=20
the problem.  Power sellers, including Enron, have been vilified by the=20
politicians and the media.  Here are the facts:
? Other than a small amount of wind power, Enron is not a generator in the=20
state of California.  Every megawatt we sold in California we bought in the=20
same market available to other California purchasers.  Because we are a=20
market maker, not a generator, we are not biased toward high prices.  We are=20
interested only in having a market that works so that we can package products=20
for our customers.
? As a seller to end-use markets in the state, we provided protection from=20
the problems the states=01, utilities, and their customers, now face.  We=20
protected, and still protect, our customers from price volatility.
You may have read that EES recently elected to have the utilities supply=20
power directly to its customers in California instead of procuring power on=20
the open market.  Early reports mischaracterized this as a =01&turnback=018 of our=20
customers to the utilities.  Here are the facts:
? As a result of a variety of factors existing in the current California=20
market, it made more sense for EES to source power for its customers directly=20
from the utilities.  This decision reduced EES=01,s market price risk by=20
allowing EES to access lower utility rates.
? EES did not terminate any customer contracts, and our customers continue to=20
receive the financial benefits of their contract prices.
? EES is continuing to work with its California customers to provide them=20
with other energy-related products and services, including assistance in=20
reducing the demand for power, particularly at peak times.
Enron is currently proposing solutions to help California work out of its=20
crisis; Enron continues to sign up customers in the state; and Enron=20
continues to actively manage its risks and capture opportunities in Western=20
power markets.  Enron=01,s primary business is managing risk for our customers=20
with solutions customized to meet their needs.  There has never been more=20
demand for our products and services.
The Solution
The solution to California=01,s crisis is also straightforward.  In summary, the=20
state must increase supply, reduce demand, reduce reliance on the spot market=20
and shore up the financial stability of the state=01,s utilities.
Increasing Supply
California=01,s process for siting and permitting new generation is nothing=20
short of Byzantine.  Enron has built plants elsewhere in the country in less=20
than a year.  In California, it often takes 5 to 7 years.  California simply=20
must streamline this process.  Ironically, while many of the regulations=20
generators must overcome are aimed at improving environmental quality, the=20
regulations are preventing new clean technology from coming online and=20
displacing current plants, which emit 40 times as much NOx.  California can=20
have abundant power and cleaner air by expediting the permitting of new=20
facilities.
Reducing Demand
Customers in California today have no incentive to reduce or shift demand. =20
They pay the same rate no matter what the market price is.  An open retail=20
market would trigger demand responses, which would balance supply and demand=20
at lower prices than today.  California should fully open its retail market.
Reducing Reliance on the Spot Market
In a truly deregulated market, customers would protect themselves from=20
volatile spot prices by purchasing some of their requirements on a longer=20
term, fixed-price basis.  The state has instead left procurement in the hands=20
of the utilities, which it has forced to buy exclusively in the spot market. =20
Opening the market at the retail level will give customers control over their=20
price risk.
Restoring the Financial Integrity of the State=01,s Institutions
The utilities in California are not paying their bills.  This has led to=20
greater uncertainty in the market, higher costs, and reduced flexibility to=20
arrive at lasting solutions.  California must permit its utilities to recover=20
their costs so they can pay their bills and invest in the transmission and=20
distribution assets necessary to get power from where it is to where it is=20
needed.
Just as important as doing these things, the state must avoid policies that,=20
while politically attractive, do not fix the problem or even make matters=20
worse.  Price caps have been proposed.  They don=01,t work; have never worked;=20
and they will not work here.  Price caps succeed only in creating shortages,=20
which then have to be allocated among competing users.  Imagine how=20
ineffectively the government would be in determining, for example, whether it=20
is better to make its limited power supplies available to the Imperial Valley=20
or Silicon Valley.  Price caps are a surefire way to make the current=20
shortage worse.
The state has also proposed to take over generation and transmission in=20
California.  There is no reason to believe, and every reason to doubt, that=20
the state will be more effective than free markets at investing in,=20
constructing, operating and maintaining assets.  This will also result in=20
California tax revenues being spent on power transmission and power=20
generation -- which the private sector can do -- instead of education, roads=20
and other public goods -- which the private sector cannot do.
As you are approached by people outside the company or are learning about the=20
crisis from the media, it=01,s important for you to know this:  We at Enron will=20
continue to serve our customers and we will continue to propose real=20
solutions to the state. 
Ravi,
Our compensation for summer interns is very generous. It's more than what an 
engineering student expects.
Vince
P.S.  Any progress on the resumes in electronic form? I want to send a 
package to Charlene today.
Vince
Ravi Thuraisingham@MUNICATIONS on 02/17/2000 02:34:01 PM
Hi, Vince please put your best effort in making sure that we differentiate 
summer interns and associates that EBS Research will be hiring.  I am talking 
about compensation here.  Ken Rice mentioned that EBS is in the process of 
developing a technical equivalent of our AA pool. EBS research people can 
potentially rotate through this pool in the future.  I just don't want to 
risk losing people like Giuseppe (& get the word out that we are low-ballers) 
because we have to fit them into certain set of categories that was designed 
for the energy business.  I realize that you have estabilished such 
differentiation for research as a whole, but I think that would have to be 
moved up a notch in the case of EBS.
Ravi.
Kevin
Yes, it's a good idea.
Vince
Kevin G Moore
02/18/2000 06:56 AM
Goodmorning Vince ,
We added a bookcase to the conference room on the 19th floor
however ,due to the departments growth I think we could use
another one.
Vince , in the long run it would save us some time.
Please let me know if this is okay!
Thanks 
Kevin 
Moore
Mike,
No attachment.
Vince
Vince-
here's a PDF of that resume we'd like to hire
--- Mike
FYI
Vince
Vince J Kaminski
02/17/2000 11:25 AM
Giuseppe,
Thanks a lot. I would appreciate if you could set up a meeting with Prof. 
Bambos.
We talked to him during our last visit and we would like to follow up with 
some 
specific proposals regarding research projects Enron could sponsor.
Vince
Giuseppe Andrea Paleologo  Please respond to gappy@stanford.edu
Dr. Kaminski, I would like to thank you very much for taking care of Amy and 
me
during our trip to Houston. What I saw at Enron Communication was nothing 
short
of revolutionary. More than that, I was impressed with the drive of the 
people,
their kindness, and their proficiency. I look forward to meeting you again in
Stanford during the last weekend of February. I will send you an email next
week, so that we can arrange a meeting between you and Prof. Bambos.
All the best wishes,
Giuseppe
--
::Giuseppe A Paleologo     - Vice President Dan Quayle winning friends while
speaking to the United Negro College Fund, 5/9/89 -
Linda,
FYI
Vince
Vince:
According to Alex,  Li Xiao gave your email address to Alex.  Did Li Xiao 
talk to you first about Alex? I don't know for certain.  Alex contacted you 
in March, interviewed once, but nothing came of it.  After Gary left, Li Xiao 
suggested to Alex that he try again, and the rest is history. 
Grant.
Vince J Kaminski
02/15/2000 08:58 AM
Grant, 
Did Li Xiao refer Alex  to us?
Vince
Linda Vargo
02/14/2000 02:39 PM
Can you advise as to whether or not Li Xiao referred Alex to you last 
summer.  I need to know this in order to process
an employee referral (under old plan) for her.
Li Xiao@
02/14/2000 11:19 AM
Hi, Linda,
I wonder if you heard from Vince Kaminski regarding my referral for Alex 
Huang.
Thanks, 
Li x39635
Linda Vargo@ECT
01/17/2000 04:29 PM
I am waiting for feedback from Vince Kaminsky.  As soon as I know something, 
I will advise.
Anjam Ahmad
02/17/2000 12:03 PM
Hi Vince,
The following has been organised for you: 
Sunday
6.45pm  Dinner at Diverso restaurant 85 Piccadilly 0207 491 2222 with Ben, 
Steve, Anjam
Monday
Clear until Noon
12pm  Lunch with Dale Surbey at Olivetto or Olivo
2.30pm  Interviews start
6.30pm
or 7pm  Approximate time for end of interviews
Tuesday
Clear until 10am
10am to 12pm  Energydesk.com meeting with Mikael Nordstrum
Afternoon clear
Wednesday
9am to 10.30am  RiskCare meeting in NE1002 with Michael Curran, Anjam and Dale
11.30am to 12pm  Meeting with John Sherriff
,
Anjam
x35383
Giuseppe,
Thanks a lot. I would appreciate if you could set up a meeting with Prof. 
Bambos.
We talked to him during our last visit and we would like to follow up with 
some 
specific proposals regarding research projects Enron could sponsor.
Vince
Giuseppe Andrea Paleologo  Please respond to gappy@stanford.edu
Dr. Kaminski, I would like to thank you very much for taking care of Amy and 
me
during our trip to Houston. What I saw at Enron Communication was nothing 
short
of revolutionary. More than that, I was impressed with the drive of the 
people,
their kindness, and their proficiency. I look forward to meeting you again in
Stanford during the last weekend of February. I will send you an email next
week, so that we can arrange a meeting between you and Prof. Bambos.
All the best wishes,
Giuseppe
--
::Giuseppe A Paleologo     - Vice President Dan Quayle winning friends while
speaking to the United Negro College Fund, 5/9/89 -
Datren,
I am forwarding your resume to our Analyst/Associate program.
I talked to them about my needs for the summer and I don't see any problem.
They should contact you shortly.
Vince Kaminski
Datren Williams  Mr. Kaminski,
It was a pleasure and honor to have lunch with you. I also enjoyed your
presentation in our graduate class.  I hope you enjoyed your visit to
Baton Rouge. Come back to visit us sometime!!
Attached is my resume as you suggested.  Thank you for your interest in
LSU and me.
Sincerely,
Datren L. Williams
- RESUME.doc
Manuel Rensink  Dear Vince
Could you let me know when you are able to meet RiskCare? I will try to
reach you in Houston, otherwise I will give Anjam's office a call
tomorrow.
Manuel
Manuel Rensink
RiskCare - Financial Technology Services
Piercy House
7 Copthall Avenue
London
Tel:  +44 (0)20 7562 3400
Fax: +44 (0)20 7562 3401
Since RiskCare's inception in 1994, we have specialised in providing
pre-eminent services and pioneering tools to the financial markets
industry.
RiskCare offers:
*  a range of hands-on technology services for systems implementation
and operation, including development, integration, support, technical
skills and software selection
*  a range of financial engineering services, including model
validation, risk advisory, analytics integration, development of pricing
models for derivative instruments and front office analytics such as
Willow, a revolutionary tool for option pricing
Anjam Ahmad
02/14/2000 09:48 AM
Hi Steve & Ben,
We are planning an early Sunday dinner (one of the few evening slots that are 
free in Vince's schedule) at:
Diverso Restaurant
85 Piccadilly 
London W1V 9HD 
Tel: 020 7491 2222 
It's just a few yards to the left of Park Lane hotel on Park Lane, close to 
Hyde Park Corner underground and we've been there before.  Vince would like 
to discuss the latest developments and it seems like the best opportunity to 
do so.  Please let me know if you can make it and I can make sure the table 
is booked accordingly.
,
Anjam
x35383
P.S. Vince will be staying at the Park Lane Hotel, telephone number 0171 499 
6321
Shirley,
No problem.
Vince
Shirley Crenshaw
03/14/2001 07:47 AM
Vince:
If it is ok, I would like to take Friday, April 6th as a vacation day 
Also, just a reminder I will be on vacation tomorrow and Friday.
Thanks!
Shirley
Tom, 
Thanks a lot. I shall read it in the plane this weekend.
Vince
Tom Arnold  Hey Vince,
I understand that Alex Butler has sent you a copy of the Schwartz paper.  I
have a copy of my paper attached to this e-mail.  It was good to see you
again and I hope you enjoyed your visit to LSU.
Sincerely,
Tom Arnold
- gopop.pdf
Shirley,
It will take a lot of effort to compile this list.
Please, remind me about it.
Vince
Marie Hejka@
02/15/2000 01:49 PM
In an effort to identify intellectual capital for Enron's Knowledge 
Management effort, we are establishing an inventory of documents (e.g. papers 
published, speeches, magazine/journal subscriptions, professional 
associations, etc.).  Please forward the types of documentation you have 
which may be inventoried for other Enron employees' use.  If there are other 
individuals like yourself with access to this type of information, please 
forward their names to me.  I am available to discuss this effort at your 
convenience.  My extension is 3 9698.
I look forward to hearing from you.
Sincerely,
Marie Hejka
Knowledge Management Forum
Jarek,
Czy Enron moze pomoc w organizacji tej imprezy?
Bylaby to dobra okazja nawiazania wielu pozytecznych kontaktow.
Wicek
Szanowny Panie Kaminski!
Nazywam sie Andrzej Wodnicki i jestem czlonkiem Stowarzysznia Studentow 
AIESEC przy Szkole Glownej Handlowej (dawnej SGPiS).
Prosze o poswiecenie paru chwil na przeczytanie tego maila.
(Kontakt do Pana otrzymalem od kolegi, ktory organizowal prezentacje firmy 
ENRON na SGH, a posrednio od Pana Jarka Astramowicza, przedstawiciela ENRON 
na Polske.)
W imieniu AIESEC Polska chcialbym zwrocic sie do Pana z wielka prosba pomocy 
przy wydarzeniu, ktore w tym roku organizujemy.
AIESEC Polska, a w szczegolnosci AIESEC przy Szkole Glownej Handlowej ma 
zaszczyt organizowac w tym roku European Leadership Development Seminar. Jest 
to seminarium na temat przywodztwa skierowne do obecnych i przyszlych 
czlonkow Rad Wykonawczych Komitetow Lokalnych  AIESEC w calej Europie.
Po raz pierwszy AIESEC Polska ma mozliwosc organizacji takiego wydarzenia i 
stanowi ono dla nas olbrzymie wyzwanie.
Przygotowywalismy sie do niego od kilku lat i obecnie jestesmy juz w koncowej 
fazie organizacji EuroLDS 2000.
Projekt rozpoczyna sie 7 marca 2000 roku Oficjalnym Otwarciem przez Pana 
Prezydenta Aleksandra Kwasniewskiego w Sali Kongresowej. Pozniej odbeda sie 
Dyskusje Panelowe (udzial wielu znakomitych gosci - m.in Jan Krzysztof 
Bielecki, Jacek Saryusz Wolski, Andrzej Olechowski)  oraz wyklady i 
prezentacje regionow Polski w Auli Spadochronowej Szkoly Glownej Handlowej, a 
nastepnie delegaci udadza sie do hotelu Mrongovia na szkolenia, casy i 
wyklady na temat przywodztwa. (Szczegolowy program EuroLDS 2000 przesylam w 
zalaczniku.)
Jak do tej pory staralismy sie mozliwie najwiecej dokonac wlasnymi silami, 
jednak obecnie na 3 tygodnie przed tym wydarzeniem stoimy przed pewnym 
problemem i stad tez pojawil sie pomysl skontaktowania Pana, jako osoby, 
ktora moglaby nam wydatnie pomoc.
Chcielibysmy poprosic Pana o wsparcie finansowe.
Wspolpracujemy juz z wieloma firmami i instytucjami (m.in. Deloitte & Touche, 
Arthur Andersen, Fundusz Phare, Fundacja Konrada Adenauera oraz wieloma 
innymi), jednak na obecnym etapie organizacji projektu wciaz brakuje nam 
12000 Poczatkowo chcielismy nawiazac kontakt z Pania Eileen Price z Londynu, jednak 
wydaje nam sie, ze Pan jako zalozyciel AIESEC w Polsce powienien po pierwsze 
o takim wydarzeniu wiedziec, a po drugie mamy nadzieje, ze moze nam Pan pomoc.
Bardzo prosze o odpowiedz,
Z powazaniem
Andrzej Wodnicki
Prezydent EuroLDS 2000
AIESEC Szkola Glowna Handlowa
- att1.htm
- EuroLDS_prezentacja.ppt
Shirley
FYI
Vince
Mark Confer
02/16/2000 08:07 AM
Thanks and I will see you Friday morning at 7:30 your office.
Vince J Kaminski
02/15/2000 05:32 PM
Mark,
Thanks for the message. As a matter of fact I would like to discuss the 
allocations with you.
Is Friday morning OK with you? I  need 2 more days to finish my homework.
Vince
Mark Confer
02/15/2000 02:42 PM
Vince as a follow-up to our meeting on January 24th regarding allocations of 
Research cost to ENA, were you able to give any more thought to how I should 
allocate the cost to the ENA commercial teams?  I have a meeting with Weather 
coming up and one of the questions they have deals with your group 
I know you are extremely busy and if I can be of any help please let me know. 
Thanks 
Thanks.
Vince
Osman Sezgen@EES
02/17/2000 08:42 AM
Michael Lassle is in charge of our lighting best-practices. He is the person
Mr. Eaton should contact.  Michael is in Houston and his number is
(713) 853-5023.
Osman 
Vince J Kaminski@ECT
02/17/2000 07:55 AM
Bill,
I forwarded your message to my associate, Osman Sezgen, who supports our
Energy Services group. He will E-mail you the name of a contact at
Enron.
Vince Kaminski
AESP members and utility affiliates,
We are looking for a good fit with one of the utilities intent on doing
business in the NJ, CT, PA, NY territory. Our qualifications and company
profile may be previewed at our web site, www.lightsourceonline.com. Email
contact information in response to this message.
Thanks,
Bill Eaton
- att1.htm
Mike,
There might be a place for Steve in our unit supporting EES. I shall forward 
the resume to my associates supporting the Facility Management
effort.
Thanks for thinking about us.
Vince
P.S. Krishna, Osman,
Can you take a look at the attached resume? Steve has no finance background
but his engineering background is very strong.
Vince
Michael L Miller@_DEVELOPMENT
02/17/2000 07:52 AM
Sent by: Michael Linn Miller@_DEVELOPMENT
Vince & Stinson,
I was given your names by Lynn Dunphy in recruiting and am taking the liberty 
of forwarding you the attached CV.  Steve Roeder is a former collegiate 
swimmer and currently coach of the master's swimming program in The Woodlands 
(my wife is president of the program).  He is also currently employed at Air 
Liquide USA (or one of its subsidiaries) over in the Galleria area.  As a 
consequence of Air Liquide's pending merger with BOC, Steve believes that 
there will be significant personnel reductions sometime during 2000 and is 
taking action now to try to locate his next professional challenge.
Lynn suggested there might be a fit with your group and I would be grateful 
if you could have a look and let me know whether you might be interested Alternatively, if you don't see a fit (or are adequately staffed at the 
moment), I would be grateful for any suggestions you might have as to whom I 
might contact internally on Steve's behalf.
Many thanks in advance.
M.L. Miller
Vice President - Mergers & Acquisitions
CALME Region
(713) 345 5272 
Mike- 
Thanks for taking the time to talk last evening.? I really appreciated it (By the way, how is life in the White House now that you are living with a 
President?? Is Air Force One all that it is cracked up to be?)
Please see the attached document.? By reading between the lines, hopefully 
one can see that, whereas my training has been highly technical, my desire to 
transform my career into the business side of a high-technology application 
is set in this good foundation (rather than limited by it).
Thanks again for your support. 
Steve Roeder 
Technology Manager 
Air Liquide America 
713 624 8777 
713 624 8350 fax 
steve.roeder@airliquide.com 
- STEVE.DOC
Liz,
Thanks. Shirley already acted on this.
Vince
Liz M Taylor
02/16/2000 08:37 AM
Vince,
You are welcome to the twenty tickets if you like.  Please advise me asap.
Many Thanks,
Liz Taylor
x31935
Vince J Kaminski
02/15/2000 05:30 PM
Liz,
I would be glad to use some tickets for the group members.
Vince
Liz M Taylor
02/15/2000 05:18 PM
I have twenty suite tickets available for Monday night, February 21 rodeo 
activities featuring "The Judds."  Please let me know if you would like to 
utilize any of these tickets for your group and/or customers.
Many Thanks,
Liz Taylor
Brad,
Can we reverse this entry? I shall call you later today regarding Tanya.
Vine
Tanya Tamarchenko
02/16/2000 10:13 AM
Vince,
I just found out that none of my vacation days from the last year is in the 
computer system
(it says that I have 0 C/over days).
It was November 3, 1999 when I asked your approval to carry over 12 vacation 
days to the next year .
I was thinking that if you (or HR) do not approve I could at least take these 
days in 1999. 
I know that your tried to help me and sent to  Brad McSherry the 
justification for me to carry over 10 days.
I bothered you a few times in November and December 1999 and since your 
response was optimistic
I did not take any of those 10 days in 1999. But I never heard from HR.
Now I am not sure - may be these days are not in the system by mistake. 
I would like to take 5 of them in March ( from 3/13/00 to 3/17/00).
What is your advice? Should I contact Brad McSherry? Even negative response 
from HR in November or
December last year would be better than loosing vacation days.
I really appreciate your help,
Tanya.
Tanya Tamarchenko
12/02/99 12:51 PM
Hi, Vince,
sorry to bother again with my question.
I first e-mailed my question a month ago (on Nov. 3).
Since we still have not heard from HR, is it fair to assume that I can carry 
over my 10  vacation days to the next year? 
If not - I have to take 5 days before Dec. 17, because then I go on vacations 
anyhow. I would really prefer not to take off
most of December, there are quite a lot of things going on.
Thank you for your help in resolving this question.
Tanya.
Jennifer,
Yes, we shall look at him. Thanks for thinking of us.
Vince
Vince,
I had sent this candidate to Mike Roberts with our weather group, but thought 
I'd send him your way as well.  Koch in Wichita is laying off quite a few of 
their employees, and this candidate has been given a lay-off notice.  He is 
open to moving to Houston.  His stats are below.  If you want to speak with 
him, feel free to give him a call!
Thanks!
Jennifer Richard
Mike,
A few months ago, you came and spoke to our HR group about what your group 
does.  Thank you VERY much!  We all loved the information, and your talk gave 
us a better picture of what you guys do!
I spoke to an analyst who is currently working for Koch in Wichita, and is 
about to be laid off.  He is going to stay until he gets his severance, and 
thinks that may be in about 4-6 weeks.  His current salary is $80k.  His last 
raise was 2 years ago, and at that time he was making $74k.  His last bonus 
was also two years ago, which was $30k.  He is considering Enron as one of 
his options.  If you are interested, feel free to give him a call at work 
Thanks!
To all whom it may concern:
I would like to register my associate Zimin Lu as my guest
at Power 2000 conference in Houston in May. Thanks.
Vince Kaminski
Shirley Crenshaw
02/16/2000 12:58 PM
Vince:
I tried to register Zimin and they said that you would have to do it - since
you are the speaker and the spot is your free spot.
You can Email them the information.  They will need:
Name:   Zimin Lu
Title:   Director
Company:  Enron Corp.
Address:  1400 Smith Street EB1967
Phone:   713-853-6388
Conference Name: Power 2000 - Houston, TX -  May 9 & 10, 2000
Email the information to:  conf@risk.co.uk
Thanks!
Shirley
3-5290
Zimin Lu
02/15/2000 02:22 PM
Shirely,
Could you register me for the power 2000 conference in Houston as Vince's 
guest ?
Since Vince is a speaker, I can attend for free.
Zimin
Zimin,
You are the 1st. Feel free to register as my guest.
Vince
Zimin Lu
02/14/2000 02:59 PM
Vince,
Could you take me as your guest for the Power 2000 conference if
no one has asked already 
There are a few interesting topics I would like to hear.
Zimin
Mike,
This one is very good. I am afraid we shall
have a few employees left after this test.
Vince
Vince,
maybe we could use this to screen prospective new research group members!
- Mike
Just checking you all out The following short quiz consists of 4 questions and tells whether you are
qualified to be a "professional". Scroll down for each answer. The questions
are not that difficult.
1.  How do you put a giraffe into a refrigerator?
The correct answer is: Open the refrigerator, put in the giraffe and close
the door. This question tests whether you tend to do simple things in an
overly complicated way.
2.  How do you put an elephant into a refrigerator?
Wrong answer: Open the refrigerator, put in the elephant and close the
refrigerator.
The correct answer is: Open the refrigerator, take out the giraffe,
put in the elephant and close the door. This tests your ability to
think through the repercussions of your actions.
3.  The Lion King is hosting an animal conference. All the animals
attend except one. Which animal does not attend?
The correct answer is: The Elephant. The Elephant is in the refrigerator.
This tests your memory. Okay, even if you did not answer the first three
questions correctly, you still have one more chance to show your abilities.
4.  There is a river you must cross, but it is inhabited by crocodiles. How
do you manage it?
The correct answer is: You swim across.  All the Crocodiles are attending
the Animal Meeting. This tests whether you learn quickly from your mistakes.
According to Andersen Consulting Worldwide, around 90% of the professionals
they tested got all 4 questions wrong. But many preschoolers got several
correct answers. Anderson Consulting says this conclusively disproves the
theory that most professionals have the brains of a four year old.
Send this out to frustrate all of your friends
_________________________________________________________________
Margaret,
I have an economist in my group and asked her if she feels qualified to make a
presentation on this topic. I shall keep you posted. I think It would help
Enron to oblige.
Vince
Margaret Carson@
02/16/2000 02:24 PM
Vince,   I  could  work up a talk on everything  they are looking  for  
except  the area  of   energy impacts  on agri-customers...does  ENA  have  
some specialist  that look at this slice of  the energy marke  that   could 
help me  respondt?  Thanks  Margaret Beth Jensen
02/16/2000 01:19 PM
Hello Margaret.  We are looking for a speaker for a meeting that is being 
arranged with Nebraska Governor Johanns during the first week in April.
The potential topic is a national perspective on pricing pressures/trends on 
natural gas, electricity and oil and their impact on agricultural production 
costs, as well as types of risk managment tools that are being used to offset 
the price fluctuations.
Do you know of anyone, either within the Corporation or outside, who would be 
available to travel to Omaha to make this presentation 
I would appreciate any assistance that you could provide, Margaret.
Thanks, 
beth jensen
Maureen,
Could you make a presentation on this topic? It would be a favor to
our operation in Nebraska and it's not mandatory.
Vince
Margaret Carson@
02/16/2000 02:24 PM
Vince,   I  could  work up a talk on everything  they are looking  for  
except  the area  of   energy impacts  on agri-customers...does  ENA  have  
some specialist  that look at this slice of  the energy marke  that   could 
help me  respondt?  Thanks  Margaret Beth Jensen
02/16/2000 01:19 PM
Hello Margaret.  We are looking for a speaker for a meeting that is being 
arranged with Nebraska Governor Johanns during the first week in April.
The potential topic is a national perspective on pricing pressures/trends on 
natural gas, electricity and oil and their impact on agricultural production 
costs, as well as types of risk managment tools that are being used to offset 
the price fluctuations.
Do you know of anyone, either within the Corporation or outside, who would be 
available to travel to Omaha to make this presentation 
I would appreciate any assistance that you could provide, Margaret.
Thanks, 
beth jensen
Paulo Issler
02/16/2000 04:04 PM
Vince/Stinson:
I just came back from a meeting with Accounting (Ryan Siueck) and Credit (Rod 
Nelson - works with Bill Bradford) in which we presented the two-factor model 
for calculating credit loss on our LJM's position. Rod seemed positive with 
the model conceptual approach. He will position Bill Bradford on that. 
Accounting will have a meeting with AA to discuss the treatment on credit 
reserves on this deal tomorrow 9:00 AM. They feel my participation is not 
necessary. 
At year-end the difference on both valuations - without and with credit risk 
- indicates a credit loss of about 100 MM. 
Paulo Issler
FYI
Vince
Lenos Trigeorgis  
As a speaker at the March real options conference in NY, please pay
immediate attention to the following:
1. Call the Marriott East Side Hotel in NY, preferably directly at (212)
755 4000 or through Marriotts=01% centralized reservations (not the hotel)
1-800-228-9290 to make a reservation for your stay and guarantee it with
your credit card. Please refer to the Real Options Group preferred group
rates ($209 plus taxes). Please note that the hotel is fully booked that
period, and unless you make your reservation BEFORE FEBRUARY 21 (absolute
deadline) you will not have a reservation. Please notify us at
conference@rogroup.com and mrenzett@sda.uni-bocconi.it as to whether and
for when you made your reservations. (We will try to book a one day
reservation for all the speakers
just in case, but are not sure which day you may prefer or if you prefer
tostay longer --so we ned to know your precise plans to avoid booking
confusion).
For those who are entitled to reimbursement (academics), you will need to
send us original receipts for your legitimate expenses (not to exceed a
total of $1,200) immediately after the conference.
2. Please send us via email (at lenos.trigeorgis@rogroup.com and at
conference@rogroup.com) the soonest (before Thursday February 25) the
following:
a. Copy of the transparencies/slides for your talk
b. A one paragraph (10-15 line) bio description
c. A one paragraph (10 line) abstract and 4 one-liner bullet points
The above is to be included in the conference brochure to be distributed to
conference participants
3. Please fill the on-line registration (at www.rogroup.com) by February 21;
simply write "speaker" where it says fees, unless you also want to attend
another session on a different date (each day=01%s session is priced separately)
We look forward to seeing you at what promises to be an exciting conference
Lenos
Lenos Trigeorgis
Professor of Finance
University of Cyprus
Dept of Business
75 Kallipoleos, PO Box 20537
CY 1678 Nicosia CYPRUS
Tel: +357 2 892261
Fax:        339063
Osman,
Can you help him. I think his company's profile is in your territory.
Vince
AESP members and utility affiliates,
We are looking for a good fit with one of the utilities intent on doing
business in the NJ, CT, PA, NY territory. Our qualifications and company
profile may be previewed at our web site, www.lightsourceonline.com. Email
contact information in response to this message.
Thanks,
Bill Eaton
- att1.htm
Bill,
I forwarded your message to my associate, Osman Sezgen, who supports our
Energy Services group. He will E-mail you the name of a contact at
Enron.
Vince Kaminski
AESP members and utility affiliates,
We are looking for a good fit with one of the utilities intent on doing
business in the NJ, CT, PA, NY territory. Our qualifications and company
profile may be previewed at our web site, www.lightsourceonline.com. Email
contact information in response to this message.
Thanks,
Bill Eaton
- att1.htm
Anjam Ahmad
02/17/2000 06:56 AM
Hi Caroline,
We would like to set up an afternoon/evening of first round screening 
interviews with the 5 candidates (whose CVs are attached below) for Monday 
21st February, starting from 3pm and going on until 6pm or so.  Right now we 
have five candidates, and I would imagine that a half an hour interview per 
person is fine.  The interviewers will be Vince Kaminski , Ben Parsons, 
myself and Steve Leppard.  My suggestion is that each candidate has three 
interviews as follows:
Vince Kaminski and Anjam Ahmad
Ben Parsons
Steven Leppard
Depending on the number of candidates we would then interview from 3pm 
through to 6.00pm or 7pm.  I will be receiving the CVs of at least two more 
candidates from Huxley associates later.  One constraint is that Kirstee 
Hewitt can only START interviews at 5.30pm.
CVs:
ZIA AKBAR KIRSTEE HEWITT RAMA GATIGANTI RENE LEDIS AMIT BARTARYA
& Thanks,
Anjam
x35383
P.S. The candidates are already aware that they are being considered; the two 
positions are a junior value-at-risk and credit risk model quantitative 
analyst, the other position is a generalist quantitative analyst position.
Zimin,
You are the 1st. Feel free to register as my guest.
Vince
Zimin Lu
02/14/2000 02:59 PM
Vince,
Could you take me as your guest for the Power 2000 conference if
no one has asked already 
There are a few interesting topics I would like to hear.
Zimin
Grant, 
Did Li Xiao refer Alex  to us?
Vince
Linda Vargo
02/14/2000 02:39 PM
Can you advise as to whether or not Li Xiao referred Alex to you last 
summer.  I need to know this in order to process
an employee referral (under old plan) for her.
Li Xiao@
02/14/2000 11:19 AM
Hi, Linda,
I wonder if you heard from Vince Kaminski regarding my referral for Alex 
Huang.
Thanks, 
Li x39635
Linda Vargo@ECT
01/17/2000 04:29 PM
I am waiting for feedback from Vince Kaminsky.  As soon as I know something, 
I will advise.
Thank you Wincenty for choosing Network World's E-Mail
Newsletters. You have just hand-picked the most concise,
accurate and timely technology email alerts in the industry.
You are currently subscribed to:
Network World Product Review of the Week
Application Services Providers
Storage in the Enterprise
Security and Bug Patch Alert
Novell NetWare
Linux
Whitepapers Download
Please note that the newsletters are scheduled to begin this March.
While waiting for your newsletters to arrive come visit us at
and be part of Networking's most active online
community.
Are you a Network World print subscriber?  It's FREE! Go to
and apply to receive
51 issues of Network World the weekly magazine that is
"The leader in network knowledge"!
Gwyn,
Try to reduce the number of potential candidates to 3, before I shall
get involved.
Also, I contacted HR regarding your promotion. 
The process has started.
Vince
Gwyn Koepke@
05/02/2001 03:09 PM
Thanks Vince.  I have the resume book from SAIS.  I'd like to start 
contacting them individually telephonically prior to meeting with Maureen.  I 
will begin to contact them and do some initial screening.  Would you like to 
participate in the initial screening?
THanks, -- Gwyn
Vince J Kaminski@ECT
05/02/2001 03:06 PM
Gwyn,
Yes, please  go ahead and get a resume book from SAIS.
Vince
Gwyn Koepke@
05/02/2001 11:40 AM
Vince,
Maureen had mentioned to me a while back that our group had approval to hire 
an junior/full economist.  She then asked me to contact Johns Hopkins SAIS to 
get resumes of possible candidates.  I have completed all this.  But, before 
I begin contacting these potential candidates, I wanted to confirm with you 
that we have the approval to hire another person at the either junior or 
associate economist level.
Thank you.
Gwyn Koepke
Vince,
maybe we could use this to screen prospective new research group members!
- Mike
Just checking you all out The following short quiz consists of 4 questions and tells whether you are
qualified to be a "professional". Scroll down for each answer. The questions
are not that difficult.
1.  How do you put a giraffe into a refrigerator?
The correct answer is: Open the refrigerator, put in the giraffe and close
the door. This question tests whether you tend to do simple things in an
overly complicated way.
2.  How do you put an elephant into a refrigerator?
Wrong answer: Open the refrigerator, put in the elephant and close the
refrigerator.
The correct answer is: Open the refrigerator, take out the giraffe,
put in the elephant and close the door. This tests your ability to
think through the repercussions of your actions.
3.  The Lion King is hosting an animal conference. All the animals
attend except one. Which animal does not attend?
The correct answer is: The Elephant. The Elephant is in the refrigerator.
This tests your memory. Okay, even if you did not answer the first three
questions correctly, you still have one more chance to show your abilities.
4.  There is a river you must cross, but it is inhabited by crocodiles. How
do you manage it?
The correct answer is: You swim across.  All the Crocodiles are attending
the Animal Meeting. This tests whether you learn quickly from your mistakes.
According to Andersen Consulting Worldwide, around 90% of the professionals
they tested got all 4 questions wrong. But many preschoolers got several
correct answers. Anderson Consulting says this conclusively disproves the
theory that most professionals have the brains of a four year old.
Send this out to frustrate all of your friends
_________________________________________________________________
Krishna,
We should invite Kim Watson and her associates as well.
Vince
Shirley Crenshaw
02/14/2000 11:27 AM
The following presentation will be this Friday, the 18th of February from
1:00 pm to 3:00 pm in EB 19C2 (Our large conference room).
Please plan to attend this presentation by ICF Consulting. Time: Friday 18th,=20
1PM
Agenda for Presentation by ICF Consulting
1.  Qualifications for ICF Consulting (6 slides)
A. Energy consulting background (2 slides)
B. Experience with computational market equilibrium modeling methodolgies (2=20
slides)
C. Experience of key ICF individuals (2 slides)
2. Description of Enron=01,s Modeling Interests (to be discussed with Enron)
3. ICF=01,s Intertemporal, Interregional Equilibrium model of the North American=20
Natural Gas Analysis
System (NANGAS) (14 slides)
A. Overview of NANGAS (2 slides)
B. Upstream components  (3 slides)
C. Downstream components (4 slides)
D. Computation of market equilibrium prices, quantities, and flows (5 slides)
4. Potential Modeling Consulting  (9 slides)
A. Assistance in developing market equilibrium models for the energy sector=20
(1 slide)
B. Investigate alternative market equilibrium models for energy applications
i.  Models of imperfect competition (e.g., Nash-Cournot, etc.) (3 slides)
ii. Models of auctions in market forecasting (1 slide)
ii. Models that incorporate stochastic inputs (e.g., stochastic=20
programming) to take into account risk (2 slides)
C. Actions Items (to be completed in consultation with Enron) (2 slides)
Lynn,
I am forwarding you the resume of a very bright and motivated young man
who attended a lecture I gave recently at LSU.
I think we should consider him for an analyst position.
Vince
Dr. Kaminski:
?
Here is my resume and cover letter.
?
Thanks,
?
Richard Iles
- Enron Cover and Resume.doc
Helyette,
I have just called you at home. I shall try the office as well.
Here are my numbers, just in case:
Phone:  (713) 853 3848 (o)
(281) 367 5377 (h)
(713) 898 9960 (cell private)
(713) 410 5396 (cell office)
Fax  :     (713) 646 2503
Vince
GemanIX@aol.com on 02/14/2000 01:29:22 PM
This is great news for me and even more so
for ICBI(or the other way around Could you call me today before 11.30p.m
Paris time or to-morrow between 3 and 5.30 p.m
Paris time?I think I do not have the right numbers
for you any more
Helyette
Thank you Wincenty for choosing Network World's E-Mail
Newsletters. You have just hand-picked the most concise,
accurate and timely technology email alerts in the industry.
You are currently subscribed to:
Network World Product Review of the Week
Application Services Providers
Storage in the Enterprise
Security and Bug Patch Alert
Novell NetWare
Linux
Whitepapers Download
Please note that the newsletters are scheduled to begin this March.
While waiting for your newsletters to arrive come visit us at
and be part of Networking's most active online
community.
Are you a Network World print subscriber?  It's FREE! Go to
and apply to receive
51 issues of Network World the weekly magazine that is
"The leader in network knowledge"!
Donna,
Thanks.
Vince
Vince,
Following is an internal guest ID and password which will allow you view only 
access to EnronOnline Please note, the user ID and password are CASE SENSITIVE 
User ID: EOL59545
Password: WELCOME!
If you have any difficulties logging in, please contact the EnronOnline 
HelpDesk at 713-853-HELP (4357)
with any questions.
Vince,
Interesting newsletters.
DAd
Paula Corey@MUNICATIONS
02/15/2000 07:31 AM
ametz@houston.rr.com on 02/14/2000 07:16:06 PM
Please respond to alaina@alaina.net
See below for an article on EBS Alaina
NETWORK WORLD FUSION FOCUS: DENISE PAPPALARDO on
INTERNET SERVICES
Today's focus: Bandwidth trading
02/14/00
Dear Alaina Metz,
Find out what's new in Access Services and Equipment at Network World's
free event, State of the WAN: Capitalizing on New Technologies and
Services. For complete program information and registration go to
l
Coming in March -- 7 new Network World e-mail newsletters: Whitepapers
download; Application Service Providers; Product review of the week;
NetWare; Linux; Storage; Security and Bug Alert. Sign up today at
~~~This newsletter sponsored by Cisco Systems 
Cisco Systems is changing the way people live, work, and play with their
world-class technologies. For more information on high tech
opportunities visit our site. Cisco Systems. A better way to work.
Equal opportunity employer.
l
Copy and paste URLs that break in two lines and remove extra spaces.
Editor's note: Join Network World's Readers Forum on denial of service
attacks at
Today's focus: Bandwidth trading
Last week Enron Broadband Services held a press event to talk about the
company's trading of bandwidth.
While bandwidth trading, or intermediation, as Enron's CEO Joseph Hirko
prefers to call it, does not directly affect customers, it's something
they should be aware of.
Enron has developed "pooling points" in Los Angeles and New York, where
Enron and other serv-ice providers buy or sell bandwidth. Carriers
have been leasing capacity from each other for decades and ISPs have
been setting up private peering connections with each other for
several years, so the concept of using each other's bandwidth is not
new.
But Enron has set up a system that's based primarily on Lucent network
management gear, which Enron claims will allow it to do two important
things: Guarantee performance over multiple net-works; and change
circuits in a matter of seconds, as opposed to days or months.
Today, when carriers buy capacity from each other, they ink deals that
sometimes span 20 years. But Enron plans on changing that. The
company's idea is to treat bandwidth as a commodity. Instead of
signing a 20-year deal, the carrier signs up with carrier ABC because
it is offering a competitively low rate on T-3 connections for that
month. But next month carrier XYZ is expected to lower its rates, so
the carrier then switches its circuits from ABC to XYZ.
Enron has the capability to change circuits every five seconds, says Tom
Gros, vice president of global trading at Enron. So the idea is that
carriers are going to be able to get high-quality bandwidth at reduced
rates. Nothing wrong with that idea, but a few questions come up.
One: Will your carrier or ISP share those savings with you, the business
customer? Well, that's hard to say. This is a difficult question to
answer because most Enron's "intermediation" partner deals are
confidential. Global Crossings, a wholesale carrier, is the only deal
that's been announced because it was Enron's first.
So chances are you won't even know if your carrier is working with
Enron, who claims several other carriers are in fact working with
them.
Two: Doesn't constant circuit changes bring up monitoring issues for
business users? Gros says it should not, and in fact end users should
expect even better monitoring capabilities. Now while En-ron very well
might provide its carrier and ISP partners with high-end monitoring
tools, I would take the position that it's highly unlikely that
carriers are going to make those tools available to their cus-tomers.
Why? Well the answer gets back to the first issue. If all of the deals
are confidential, end us-ers aren't going to even know their circuits
are getting switched around.
Would you want to know if your carrier or ISP is participating in
bandwidth trading?
To contact Denise Pappalardo:
FOR RELATED LINKS -- Click here for Network World's home page:
Enron inks deal with Sun to further broadband Net service, Network
World, 01/21/00
Bandwidth broker opens for business, Network World, 10/18/99
Enron building bandwidth the IP way, Network World, 08/02/99
Archive of Network World Fusion Focus on Internet Services newsletters:
Other ISP-related articles from Network World:
Denise Pappalardo: ASPs to jam with Jamcracker, Network World, 02/14/00
New ASP twist: Mgmt. service providers, Network World, 02/14/00
Questions or comments?
Subscription Services
For subscription changes that cannot be handled via the web, please send
an email to our customer service dept: listnews@gaeta.itwpub1.com
Network World Fusion is part of IDG.net, the IDG Online Network.
IT All Starts Here 
Ben,
I spoke with Anjam and gave him the information about my trip.
Here is the short summary:
1. If you are free for dinner on  Sunday, I would be glad to meet with you 
(as well
as Anjam and Steve). I would like to review what's going on in Houston and 
London.
2. We can arrange the interviews for all  the candidates you lined up Monday 
afternoon
(Tuesday  and Wednesday mornings are the alternative dates). We treat the 
interviews as internal
to the Research Group  and we shall arrange full interview schedules at a 
later day for those candidates
who pass our internal test.
3. Please, feel free to put on my agenda other meetings you think might be 
useful.
Please, coordinate the meetings with Anjam and Steve. I am busy on Tuesday 
afternoon
(I a speak at a conference).
Vince
Benjamin Parsons
02/14/2000 08:18 AM
Vince,
Could you give me an idea of your agenda for next week's London visit - in 
particular which day(s) would be best to bring some candidates in for 
interviews for my old role.
Thanks
Ben
Helyette,
I shall be glad to join you.
Vince
GemanIX@aol.com on 02/12/2000 11:27:56 AM
Dear Vince,
I would be delighted if you agreed to share with me
a one-day workshop before a major ICBI conference
in Berlin,on June 19.The topics would be similar;we
may add real options.Could you answer me BEFORE
Tuesday?
KInd  
Helyette
Louise,
Thanks. His E-mail address is ekrapels@esaibos.com. The company
coordinates are as follows:
ESAI
301 Edgewater Place, Suite 108
Wakefield, MA 01880
(781) 245-2036
(781) 245-8706
Vince
Louise Kitchen
02/11/2000 05:13 PM
Absolutely - I can't find the previous email but it may have been lost during 
the few days they moved my email box from London to Houston - I know I had a 
lot of lost emails - do you have his phone number and email and we can sort 
out a password for a few days for him too.
Louise
Vince J Kaminski
10/02/2000 22:15
Louise, 
Some time ago I sent you a message regarding Ed Krapels. He is writing a book 
on energy
commodity markets and would like to learn more about EOL. 
Can you give him a  call and chat with him for 10 minutes. He is a good 
friend of Enron and
it would be free ad for us.
Vince
Celeste,
I would like to ask you for a favor. We would like to have Sevil as an intern 
in our group
this summer. She prepares a Ph.D. dissertation  on transmission: a critical 
issue to the power
markets everywhere.
I have also a few other students I would like to take in as summer interns. I 
shall send you 
the resumes in separate messages.
Vince Kaminski
sevil yaman  Hi Dr. Kaminski,
As I told you last Monday in Dr. Kao's class I am
looking for a summer internship position in your group
in which I can use my economics background together
with my quantitative skills and knowledge in
electricity markets. Currently, I am a third year
Ph.D. student at the Economics Department of  the
University of Houston. At the end of this semester
I'll be completing my coursework and starting to write
my dissertation which analyzes the access pricing
issue in network industries, especially in electricity
transmission.
I would like to give you a few examples from my
coursework. In addition to basic Statistics I-II and
Econometrics I-II, I have taken "Macroeconomic
Modeling and Forecasting" (Time Series) class in which
I learned RATS. In "Applied Econometrics" class, it
was given a great deal of attention to the case method
learning approach that involved extensive computer
analysis. We were taught SAS. As a term paper I worked
on electricity demand forecasting. This semester I am
taking "Special Topics in Applied Econometrics" course
in which I am being taught Qualitative Dependent
Models, MLE, Panel Data Techniques, and so on, and as
software STATA. Moreover, this semester I am also
taking "Options Theory and Its Applications" class and
auditing Dr. Kao's class. I definitely agree with you
in what you mentioned in your lecture last Monday
about the understanding of the options theory as a
necessity in the energy sector.
Besides, I spent my last summer in the Oil and Gas
unit of the World Bank as a research assistant. This
work experience in which I had great exposure to the
energy market issues and my own research area, which
is regulation of transmission pricing (congestion
pricing), made me believe that the ongoing
restructuring of the electricity sector, especially
the transmission network issue, could be well
understood by working in the industry.
Dr. Kaminski, attached you can find my resume. I would
be glad if you could find a chance to review it and
get back to me soon.
Many thanks,
Department of Economics
University of Houston
Houston, TX 77204-5882
(713) 743-3814 / 3817
__________________________________________________
Do You Yahoo!?
Talk to your friends online with Yahoo! Messenger.
- resume-sevil.doc
Shirley,
Please, register me.
Vince
Lana Moore PLEASE JOIN NESA/HEA AT THE "COMPLEXITY SCIENCE AND THE ENERGY INDUSTRY
BROWN BAG" ~ APRIL 18TH, 2001
IF YOU HAVE ANY QUESTIONS, PLEASE CALL LANA MOORE AT (713) 856-6525.
THANKS AND HAVE A GREAT DAY!!
- E-Business.doc
Crystal Barry  Dear Vince,
As the above event is drawing closer, I thought I would write a quick email 
to finalise a few things with you.  I understand that you would like a guest 
to attend, please can you let me know their name and job title.  Also, if you 
could send me your conference checklist I would appreciate it, so that I can 
finalise details with my audio visual company.
In the meantime, if there is anything I can do for you, please do not 
hesitate to let me know on 0171-915-5116.
Kind  
Crystal
Shirley,
Please, forward my bio to Crystal.
Vince
Crystal Barry  Dear Vince,
As the above event is drawing closer, I thought I would write a quick email 
to finalise a few things with you.  I understand that you would like a guest 
to attend, please can you let me know their name and job title.  Also, if you 
could send me your conference checklist I would appreciate it, so that I can 
finalise details with my audio visual company.
In the meantime, if there is anything I can do for you, please do not 
hesitate to let me know on 0171-915-5116.
Kind  
Crystal
Louise, 
Some time ago I sent you a message regarding Ed Krapels. He is writing a book 
on energy
commodity markets and would like to learn more about EOL. 
Can you give him a  call and chat with him for 10 minutes. He is a good 
friend of Enron and
it would be free ad for us.
Vince
Bill,
I am forwarding a memo from Vincent Tang about the new credit model.
English may be imperfect but the message is clear.
Vince
Vincent Tang
02/08/2000 02:43 PM
Steve,
I am speaking at a conference either on Monday or Tuesday. I shall let you 
know tomorrow
the details of my schedule. 
We can always invite them to visit with Enron in the evening.
Steven Leppard
02/10/2000 11:27 AM
Hi Vince
Do you think you will be able to find the time to carry out some interviewing 
on Monday 21st February?  Are there any times you'd particularly like me to 
avoid?
The first people I'm inclined to invite in are the candidates whose CVs I've 
attached below.  I'd like to hear what you think before I invite them along.
Steve
FYI
Vince
Liz M Taylor
02/10/2000 10:31 AM
FYI:  Greg Whalley will be on vacation the week of February 14. 
Many Thanks,
Liz Taylor
x31935
FYI
Please, put on my schedule.
Vince
Kevin G Moore
02/10/2000 01:14 PM
Please mark your calender for the following 
Kevin,
We will hold a Dow Jones Interactive training session for your group totaling 
8 people.  It will be held on Friday February 18, 2000, in room 30C2.  We 
will begin training at 1:30.
Thank you for you help
Susan
Conference oin  NYC March. I am speaking.
Vince
Lenos Trigeorgis  Please find attached the final program for an exciting conference on "REAL
OPTIONS VALUATION IN THE NEW ECONOMY: Internet/E-commerce,
R&D/Pharmaceuticals, Energy." The conference, organised in New York City
March 13-15 by the Real Options Group and co-sponsored by Ernst & Young
LLP, is addressed to a corporate audience.
The chairman of the conference is Prof. Michael J. Brennan of UCLA who will
deliver the opening address, and the keynote speaker is Prof. Stewart C.
Myers of MIT.  Many of the world/s thought leaders in real options
analysis, along with prominent experts from many leading corporations will
also share their ideas and experiences.
Please note that the deadline for hotel registration is February 21 (see
the attached brochure for hotel details) and conference fees increase by
20% for those registering after March 1. The (full) conference brochure and
on-line conference registration are available at our website www.rogroup.com
We hope that you will be able to participate and would appreciate it if you
could also communicate this announcement among other interested colleagues.
In fact, it would be most helpful to us and would be greatly appreciated, if
you could send me (also cc. to amicaliz@sda.uni-bocconi.it) a list of 5-10
colleagues to whom we can send the electronic version of the brochure.
Best wishes,
Lenos Trigeorgis
President, Real Options Group
- ROGNYConference.pdf
Lenos Trigeorgis
Professor of Finance
University of Cyprus
Dept of Business
75 Kallipoleos, PO Box 20537
CY 1678 Nicosia CYPRUS
Tel: +357 2 892261
Fax:        339063
Jim,
Thanks again for the invitation to visit LSU.
Shirley will FedEx the receipts tomorrow.
Vince
Dear Vince,
Thanks again for taking the time to visit.? Both faculty and students got a 
lot out of your presentations.
I have a favor to ask concerning the expense reimbursement process.? Can you 
mail all travel and lodging receipts to my secretary Joan Payne at the 
following address:
Joan Payne
Department of Finance
2163 CEBA
Louisiana State University
Baton Rouge, LA? 70803
Thanks,
Jim Garven
_________________________________________
James R. Garven
William H. Wright, Jr. Endowed Chair for Financial Services 
Department of Finance
2158 CEBA
E. J. Ourso College of Business Administration
Louisiana State University
Baton Rouge, LA? 70803-6308
Voice (225) 388-0477? |? Fax: (800) 859-6361
E-mail:? jgarven@lsu.edu
Home Page Vita Research Paper Archive _________________________________________ 
Dear Vince,
Thanks again for taking the time to visit.? Both faculty and students got a 
lot out of your presentations.
I have a favor to ask concerning the expense reimbursement process.? Can you 
mail all travel and lodging receipts to my secretary Joan Payne at the 
following address:
Joan Payne
Department of Finance
2163 CEBA
Louisiana State University
Baton Rouge, LA? 70803
Thanks,
Jim Garven
_________________________________________
James R. Garven
William H. Wright, Jr. Endowed Chair for Financial Services 
Department of Finance
2158 CEBA
E. J. Ourso College of Business Administration
Louisiana State University
Baton Rouge, LA? 70803-6308
Voice (225) 388-0477? |? Fax: (800) 859-6361
E-mail:? jgarven@lsu.edu
Home Page Vita Research Paper Archive _________________________________________ 
Martin,
Please, take a look at Question 3.
Who is the right person at EBS?
Vince
Jinbaek Kim  Dr. Kaminski,
Sorry for the late response,
it took me some time to coordinate things.
Finally, it's almost dont It turned out that from June to August
will be best for me for work at ENRON
(Say June.4 to August.4)
But I still need to know several things from your side.
Could you answer following questions?
First:
Is my suggested working period is OK with you?
If so, let me know what to do for settlement
during the period.
Second:
I got a list of work, I might be able to do for
DealBench team from Ross and Suresh.
I'd like to know it is still a valid work list:
The list he sent is as following:
 1.  Write a paper in layman's terms that answers
 questions like the following:
 Benefits of auctioning online for both buyers and
 sellers, particularly in reverse auctions
 Explanation how multi-variable auctions are not
 as efficient as price-only auctions (is this true?)
 How many participants are recommended for a
 successful live auction
 What types of goods and services are best suited
 for live auctions versus sealed bid quotes
 Opinions on lotting strategies
 Trends in online private auctions
 2.  Identify appropriate recent auction research (3
 or 4 papers out of the 90+ you provided)and obtain approvals from the
 authors to post on our site
 3. Create a list/bibiliography of relevant auction
 literature (with hyperlinks?)
 4.  Would you be willing to offer auction consulting
 services to our customers (if they are interested)
Third:
There is an e-procurement forum at Haas School of business,
in May 22. The chair of the forum is my advisor Prof. Arie Segev.
A person from Wells Fargo Bank will talk about Wells Fargo's role
in e-marketplace payment initiative,
where ENRON broadband services is also one of key players
along with Citibank.
He asked me whether you can contact a person at
ENRON broadband services, who's related to the initiative.
He wants to know whether we will have a speaker from ENRON
to see ENRON's perspective, in the Forum.
Here is a link to news related to the initiative,
Fourth:
My advisor wants to know whether
there could be any opportunity to do a case study,
regarding ENRON's business.
He is interested in e-procurement and e-marketplaces.
Business model and System architecture 
Thanks for reading this long email.
I'll look forward to your answer..
I am sorry for giving you so much burden
to answer those questions possibly not easy to answer.
Warm Jinbaek
Go Bears!
:"'._..---.._      :      a   a      :                 __....._
:     _.-0-._           : `._`-'_           __    .'      __.'      .'`--..__      _._   
On Mon, 5 Mar 2001 Vince.J.Kaminski@ wrote: