Pamela Vande Krol Castro  - 656.xls
Celeste,
I am a very good customer of your group.
This is another student (this time from Chicago) I would be glad to take into 
the group
as an intern. The resume is attached at the bottom of this message.
Vince
Li Xiao  Hi, Vince,
This is Li, writing from U. of Chicago.
I am in the second quarter here.
The study and social life is extremely busy at the school.
But I enjoy connecting the knowledge I learn everyday here
with the experience I had with Enron.
A schoolmate of mine, a Chicago Ph.D. candidate in finance,
is looking for an internship for the coming summer.
I recommend him to write to you to see if you are interested in
or if there is a need. If so, you can contact with him directly.
He is a really bright guy. If not, hope you don't mind that
I sell Enron at school so hard.
Again, thanks for all the help you gave me.
Have a good new year.
Li
P.S.: Cover letter below and resume attached.
_______________________________________________
LI XIAO
University of Chicago
Graduate School of Business, Class of 2002
(773) 955-0710
_______________________________________________
Dear Dr. Vince Kaminski,
I am a Ph.D. student in Finance at the University of Chicago GSB who hopes to find a summer internship at Enron of 2001 (between June and September). I heard your group from my friend Li, who worked at Enron for 3 year. She spoke highly of you. If it's okay, I am primarily interested in Risk management.
At the University of Chicago, I will have completed all the Ph.D. courses in the area of finance by the end of the first year. As normally it takes two years to finish the required finance courses, I decided to take all the finance courses in the first year. In the fall quarter, I already took Empirical Asset Pricing and Theoretical Asset Pricing and did very well. In the winter quarter, I will be taking Corporate Finance, Continuous Time Finance and Behavioral Finance. I am exposed to all fields of finance. Prior to coming to Chicago, I received a Master's degree in Economics at Washington University in Saint Louis where I acquired skills in economic analysis. I also have a strong background in statistics and mathematics. This makes me believe that I have acquired the ability to do financial research.
Prior to coming to the United State, I was an outstanding graduate from Beijing University, China. I was the founder and President of Beijng Univeristy Society of Oceanology. I also organized a research jouney in the round-the-Bo-Sea Economic Region. These experience helped to hone my communication and interpersonal skills.
As illustrated above, my skills and expertise are ideally suited for financial research. My resume is enclosed. In the event that you think an interview is in need, my time is very flexible. Your assistance is appreciated.
Sincerely yours,
Jason Chen (Huafeng)
6022 S. Drexel Ave, Apt 612
Chicago, IL 60637
(773)955-0348
- Resume.doc
Tracy Pan  Please respond to pcp@rice.edu
Jason,
I have to break down the file since it exceeds the maximum file size for the
Rice Server.
I'll tell you how many parts you're supposed to receive in my last e-mail.
Thanks for coordinating for the class.
Have a nice day!
Tracy Pan
Tracy,
Break it down into 8000 files of 1 kB, and send each one in a separate
mail.
Just kidding!
Try to send the whole thing.
If one of the servers refuses to accept it, then break it down into several
pieces.
I know for sure that I can take files as large as 2MB.
Jason
- 665 Team Project--Tracy Pan Part 1.xls
Vasant,
I shall take 2 thin  mints and one apple cinnamon.
Vince
Vasant Shanbhogue
01/17/2001 03:20 PM
I have been drafted by my daughter again this year to check if anybody here 
would like any (at $3 per box).
If you do, send me an email Choices are Shortbread, Coconut, Thin mints, Peanut butter creme, Peanut 
butter with chocolate, lemon drops, nut and fudge, apple cinnamon.
Deliveries in late February to early March.
Thanks,
Vasant
JIm,
Yes, I would be very interested.
Vince
James L Bouillion
01/17/2001 03:02 PM
I had a meeting with Willis (Insurance Broker) today and they advised that 
they have a computer analytics tool that can evaluate traditional exposures 
and express the risk as VAR.  Would you be interested in seeing the tool?
Pam,
Thanks. The list of E-mail addresses would be useful as well.
Vince
Pamela Vande Krol Castro  Here are your rosters for MGMT 656. Let me know if you need a list of
e-mail addresses as well. I will update you as student schedules change.
- Pam
(713-348-6223)
- 656.doc
Pamela Vande Krol Castro  Here are your rosters for MGMT 656. Let me know if you need a list of
e-mail addresses as well. I will update you as student schedules change.
- Pam
(713-348-6223)
- 656.doc
FYI
Vince
Vince,
Please review the attached file.  When you are ready, I will bring you the 
original for your signature.
Thanks,
Eric
Becky,
We proably need to meet for a few minutes to explain the way
I estimated charges.
Vince
Becky Pham
01/16/2001 01:47 PM
Shirley,
Will you check with Vince on the support schedule for me?  I need to get the 
support to the BUs in order to get them to agree on the 2001 billing.  If you 
have any questions, call me.  Thanx.
Becky Pham
01/02/2001 11:12 AM
We spoke prior to the holiday and you were working on a list on support names 
and projects that Research is working on for various BUs.  Can you tell me 
how you are doing on that?  Sarah Brown, my manager, had a meeting with Corp 
and they are disputing the billing we are proposing to bill to them ($1.9M Their argument is that they are going to bill ENA back anyway; therefore, 
they have agreed to take 40% of the amount we intented to bill them in 2001, 
which is approximately $760K.  If you have any questions, please call.  Thanx.
Kristin,
I shall be tied up with the Wharton group all day Friday.
I am forwarding the message to some members
of the Research Group. I hope some of them will be available.
Vince
P.S. To the Research Group. Can you, please, help Kristin?
Okay group it is Tuesday and we have heard from no volunteers.  We only need 
30 minutes of your time.  Is any one available on this Friday to interview?
Please Help!
Kristin
We have one last group of candidates coming in for final round interviews on 
Friday, January 19th. We need Interviewers for half a day (9:00 am to 11:15 
am). Please let me know if you can be available for the entire morning or 
what times you could be available:
9:00 am - 9:30
9:35 am - 10:05
10:10 am - 10:40
10:45 am - 11:15
I appreciate any help you can offer in submitting names for those who may be 
able to interview if you can not. Thanks!
Alyse Herasimchuk
Recruiting Coordinator
Associate / Analyst Program
57339
FYI
Vince
Christie:
As our Tiger Team prepares to head out to Houston, we wanted to give you
an idea of some people we hope to meet with on Friday. Ideally, we would
like to start out the day with a quick meeting with Vince Kaminski so
that we can clarify his goals for our project. Here is the list of
additional energy contacts we would like to meet, along with a few
specific questions and/or subject areas:
* EnronOnline Representative: We would like to know the history of
EnronOnline, where it is headed, what new industries are being targeted
and what criteria is used in identifying a target industry. We also
would like to talk about the overall vision of EnronOnline.
* Wholesale Energy Representative: What percentage of Enron's
wholesale energy trading is done online? What are existing platforms,
online or other, and has Enron's business shifted from one platform to
another over the past two years? The past year? What new electronic
platforms are emerging? Mobile platforms? What percentage of energy does
the average Enron customer buy through Enron?
* Energy Marketing Representative: How does Enron market itself,
online and across other platforms? What are competitors, such as ICE,
doing? What percentage of energy does the average Enron customer buy
through Enron?
* Energy Trader:  We are interested in seeing a demonstration of
EnronOnline and/or other electronic systems that traders regularly use
(initiate, process and complete trade). We need a trader's perspective
as to his or her's perceived advantages/disadvantages of Enron's
electronic trading platforms and systems over competitors. Does the
trader have any insights on applications of mobile or other emerging
technologies?
* Energy Information Technology Representative: What are all the
electronic platforms being used by Enron? What platforms are being
developed? How does Enron technology stack up to the competition? What
innovations, if any, have Enron competitors developed that may be worth
integrating?
We also have some business development and strategic questions, but we
are not sure who would best answer them. Specifically,  we would like to
know more about how Enron manages its energy relationships and handles
contracting with suppliers and wholesale energy buyers?
Please feel free to re-arrange these questions so that they fit the
appropriate people. If possible, we would greatly appreciate it if we
could have a list of whom we will be meeting with, as well as additional
contacts whom we can reach once we return to Philadelphia.
Thank you for your assistance. We look forward to seeing you Thursday
(and dining at Churrasco's).
,
Enron Tiger Team #1
Vincent Chen
Tulika Bhalla
Nicholas Levitt
Deepa Mallik
Jack Rejtman
Kim Whitsel
Angela,
Thanks for your message. I shall be glad to attend the conference,
both days. I shall call Dr. Ronn to discuss my participation.
Vince Kaminski
Vince:
Further to Dr. Ronn's e-mail dated 1/9, please confirm your
participation
in the UT 2001 Energy Finance Conference to be held on the University of
Texas campus Feb. 22 - 23rd.
Sincerely,
Angela
Angela Dorsey
Assistant Director
Center for Energy Finance Education & Research
The University of Texas at Austin
Department of Finance, CBA 6.222
Austin, TX 78712
angela.dorsey@bus.utexas.edu
Shirley,
No problem.
Vince
Shirley Crenshaw
01/16/2001 12:58 PM
Vince:
Jason has requested a subscription to the Wall Street Journal - is it ok?
Vince,
Jeff Planck is part of Tracy Pan's team.
Jason
    - Big Binomial.zip
Ron,
FYI
Vince
Vince,
As we discussed, subject to minor changes the attached paper will appear in
the J of Applied Corporate Planning.  I'd be most interested in your
comments.
By the way, if you like the yield curve generation process described in the
paper, we'd be happy to perform a simulation, so that you can compare the
results based on the to the HJM procees.
I look forward to getting together with you when you come to NY to attend
the GARP conference, around February 13.  Just give me a brief warning.
,
Andy
Andrew Kalotay Associates, Inc.
(212) 482-0900
andy@kalotay.com
Visit our web-site  
- FAS133 article.doc
Shirley,
Please, put it on my schedule.
Vince
Anita DuPont@
01/17/2001 10:22 AM
Just a gentle reminder that the day and room location have changed for the 
next Transmission Roundtable meeting due to several of the participants being 
in an all day ERCOT meeting on Tuesday, January 23, 2001.   The next 
Transmission Roundtable Meeting has been changed to Wednesday, January 24, 
2001,and moved to  Conference Room 49C1.  Please notify me whether you will 
attend or not.  I need to know by Friday, January 19, 2001, in order to have 
enough food for lunch.  Thanks.
,
Anita
P.S. Debbie Chance
Steve Walton
You have both already responded.  Unless something has changed on your 
schedule.  Please disregard this email.  Anita
Vincent,
I have forwarded the resume to our Analysts / Associate pool with
a recommendation to accept David as a summer intern.
I expressed interest in taking him into my group. He may, of course,
work for a different unit of Enron. It's up to him and I shall not be offended
if he would like to go into trading or deal origination.
Vince
Celeste,
I am sending you the resume of David Gershenson, an MBA student from Wharton.
He is interested in a summer internship with Enron and I shall be glad
to take him.
Vince
Vince, I am passing along a cover letter and resume for my classmate and 
friend, Dave Gershenson, who is very interested in working for Enron this 
summer. He is working on Reliant Energy's Tiger Team this quarter. Please let 
us know if you have any questions.
Thanks much and see you Friday!
Vincent
    - Enron Letter.doc
- Dave Gershenson.doc
Christie,
John Henderson committed in principle to speaking to the Tigers.
Please, send him the location info and conform the time (2:00 p.m 
Vince
Christie Patrick@ECT
01/17/2001 07:46 AM
Hi Kim,
Vince and I have received your questions, along with those of other Tiger 
Teams, and we are planning the agenda for the day accordingly 
We look forward to seeing you tomorrow evening at Churrasco's!
Safe travel!
--Christie.
Shirley,
Please, try the E-mail address below.
Vince
Vince J Kaminski
01/17/2001 09:48 AM
Khairuddin,
Thanks for your message. The fax has been sent.
Vince
KhairuddinBMJaafar@petronas.com.my on 01/17/2001 01:50:36 AM
Please respond to khairuddin_mjaafar@petronas.com.my
Dear Mr. Kaminski,
Pertaining to our visit to your kind company in February, we are required
to obtain Visas for the trip. To apply for the Visas, the Embassy requires
a letter from the US Company confirming our meeting or visit. We would
really be grateful if you can fax us a confirmation letter so that we can
proceed with our Visa application. Please fax the letter to:
Mr. Nur Azmin Abu Bakar
Head, Risk Assessment and Control
Corporate Risk Management Unit,
Corporate Planning and Development Division
Level 71, Tower 1, Petronas Twin Towers,
Kuala Lumpur City Centre,
50088 Kuala Lumpur,
MALAYSIA
Fax: (603) 2051-3252
Your speedy reply is greatly appreciated.
Thank you and 
Khairuddin .
DISCLAIMER  : This e-mail and any files transmitted with it ("Message")
is  intended  only  for the use of the recipient(s) named above and may
contain  confidential  information.   You  are hereby notified that the
taking  of  any action in reliance upon, or any review, retransmission,
dissemination, distribution, printing or copying of this Message or any
part thereof by anyone other than the intended recipient(s) is strictly
prohibited.  If  you  have  received  this Message in error, you should
delete this Message immediately and advise the sender by return e-mail.
Opinions, conclusions and other information in this Message that do not
relate  to  the official business of PETRONAS or its Group of Companies
shall be understood as neither given nor endorsed by PETRONAS or any of
the companies within the Group.
(Embedded image moved to file: pic05415.pcx)
- pic05415.pcx
Hi John,
You have a very attractive family. You must be a very  proud father and
husband.
Vince
Got it and I understand.  Thanks
John
p.s. have a great day!  By the way, how'd you like the Martin clan picture?
At 11:06 AM 1/17/01 -0600, you wrote:
John,