Eleanor Fraser 
Agree completely.  In that context, it looks good.
Louise Kitchen
09/14/2000 06:20 PM
It was something for the web-site but we are thinking its a bit arrogant for 
our counterparts so probably just use it internally or trade shows.
John Arnold
14/09/2000 16:24
Who's the target audience and how is it being distributed?
Louise Kitchen
09/14/2000 11:50 AM
Just wondering what you think of this?
John,
I know this gets nit-picky - but we're about to close.
,
Gary
x31511
Hello:
I will not be able to attend the meeting but do have interest in being a 
tutor in any math subjects.  Please advise,
John
Dear all interested volunteer tutors,
There will be an informational meeting on Tuesday September 19th at
5:30pm. This will be a brief meeting to discuss the tutor program and to
match tutors with students in subject areas. The meeting will be here at
the Houston Ballet Academy in the large conference room.
So far we have students who will need tutors in the subjects of:
art, sociology, spanish, geometry, english, earth science, history
(government and world history), women's literature, and algebra II.
Please let me know if you will be able to attend the meeting, as well as
what subject area that you would like to tutor in. If you will not be
able to attend the meeting, but are still interested in being a tutor
please let me know as soon as possible.
The Houston Ballet is located at 1921 W. Bell. The Houston Ballet
Academy faces W. Grey and is inbetween Waugh and Shepherd (next to
Kroger). If you need specific directions please call 713.523.6300. You
may reach me at 713.535.3205 or email me at:
SCrumbling@houstonballet.org If you have any questions please do not
hesitate to contact me.
Thank you for your interest and I look forward to meeting you.
Sharon Crumbling
Student Counselor
Houston Ballet Academy
David:
Do you have a simulation set up that will allow me to simulate trades by 
pushing a buy or sell button and will move the two way so i can try 
simulating actual market cicumstances?
John,
You might recall we spoke a few weeks ago about a system with more 
intelligence for out-of-hours trading than just leaving the products on Last 
Trade is Mid.
Attached is a suggestion for how such a system might work. It builds on 
Offset to Last Trade functionality.
The simplified description is: It tracks two variables: Intensity(Speed) and 
Bias (Buy or Sell emphasis).  As Intensity increases, the Spread increases. 
As Bias increases, the Offset increases.
I'll call later to see what you think of the idea.
Dave
Program Criteria
The formula which defines the trading decision-making program will need to 
work with several criteria/inputs/definitions. These might be:
Intensity (Speed) - The average time between transaction attempts, regardless 
of whether they are buys or sells. Measured as a moving average over the last 
[Intensity Factor] transactions by comparing the timestamp of the transaction 
Tibco messages for the Product.
Obviously, the lower the Intensity calculation, the higher the transaction 
flow. Therefore a high Intensity number indicates low transaction flow.
Intensity Factor - The number of transactions to be included in the moving 
average Intensity calculation. A possible value for this might be [4].
#Buys - The number of Buys which have occurred.
#Sells - The number of Sells which have occured.
Transaction Count - Could be either #Buys or #Sells (whichever last occured Buy Offset - The Offset value which will be applied if a Buy occurs.
Sell Offset - The Offset value which will be applied if a Sell occurs.
Offset Reversion Ratio (ORR)- The amount by which the Buy Offset should be 
reduced if a Sell occurs (or amount Sell Offset should be reduced if a Buy 
occurs). A possible value for this might be [0.3]. If the application of the 
ORR results in a reduction of less than 1, then the reduction shall be 1.
Transaction Reversion Ratio (TRR)- The amount by which #Buys should be 
reduced if a Sell occurs (or amount #Sells should be reduced if a Buy 
occurs). A possible value for this might be [0.3]. If the application of the 
TRR results in a reduction of less than 1, then the reduction shall be equal 
to 1.
Spread Minimum - The minimum Spread value allowed. A possible value for this 
might be [0.04]
Spread Maximum - The maximum Spread value allowed. A possible value for this 
might be [0.50]
Offset Minimum - The minimum Offset allowed for both Buys and Sells. A 
possible value for this might be [0].
Offset Maximum -The maximum offset allowed for both Buys and Sells. A 
possible value for this might be [0.50]
Initial Offset - The Buy and Sell Offset used when the program is started
Initial Spread - The Spread used when the program is started
Spread-Offset Minimum - The minimum amount by which Spread must exceed 
Offset. Prevents a possible arbitrage opportunity for the customer. A 
possible value for this might be [0.01]
Dead Interval - The period of time which must pass before the program will 
recalculate the above Criteria, if no transactions have taken place during 
the Dead Interval. A possible value for this might be [240] seconds.
Program Outputs
The program should output the following variables as a result of combining 
the above Criteria in a user-defined Formula:
Spread (integer) - as per current Stack Manager
Offset (integer) - as per current Stack Manager
Suspension (boolean) - Whether or not the Product should be suspended. 
Normally "False"
Program Interface and Operation Principles
The user should be provided with a GUI which will allow them to define a 
relationship among the above Criteria, which will produce and apply the 
Outputs to a particular Product. This relationship would be defined with 
Intensity Formulas and Transaction Formulas. 
Every time a Transaction occurs, or a Dead Interval passes, the Criteria will 
be recalculated and the user-defined formulas will be reviewed by the 
program. If a Dead Interval passes without any transactions taking place, 
then Intensity = Intensity +240 and #Buys=#Buys-TRR and #Sells=#Sells-TRR and 
Buy Offset = Buy Offset- ORR and Sell Offset = Sell Offset - ORR. 
If the user-defined Formulas (see following) indicate that a change in spread 
should occur, then if the Offset is zero (in the case of a trade occurring) 
or if no trade has occured (during the passing of a Dead Interval), the 
system shall perform a Last Trade is Mid calculation around the last 
transaction, adjusting the buy and sell prices according to the new Spread 
value.
Any adjustment to the Spread shall respect the Spread-Offset Minimum. If a 
reduction in the Spread should violate the Spread-Offset Minimum, then the 
Buy Offset (or Sell Offset, or both as appropriate) shall be reduced 
accordingly. Similarly, if the Offset is increased by a Transaction Formula 
to a level greater than the Spread, the Spread shall be increased to maintain 
the Spread-Offset Minimum.
GUI/Formulas Example:
Constants
Intensity Factor: [4]
Dead Interval: [240]
Offset Reversion Ratio (ORR): [0.3]
Transaction Reversion Ratio (TRR): [0.3]
Spread Minimum [0.04]
Spread Maximum [0.50]
Offset Minimum [0]
Offset Maximum [0.49]
Spread-Offset Minimum [0.01]
INPUTS           OUTPUTS
Intensity Formula
Formula # Intensity   Spread Offset  Suspension
S1  >220   -0.01 n/a F
S2  <30   +0.01 n/a F
S3  <10   +0.02 n/a F
Transaction Formula
Formula # # Transactions  Spread Offset  Suspension
V1  <4   n/a -0.01 F
V2  >3   n/a +0.01 F
V3  >5   +0.01 +0.02 F
V4  >10   +0.02 +0.04 F
V5  >15   +0.04 +0.15 F
V6  >20   n/a n/a T
Note that #Transactions would be #Buys or #Sells, as appropriate. Note also 
that #Buys and #Sells are not intended to be an absolute count, but rather 
are a moving measure of the number of buys or sells which have recently 
occured.
In this example, all Constants and Formulae are editable by the user through 
the GUI.
Simulation
Obviously, if we want to proceed, we will want to conduct several simulations 
to prove concepts and evaluate responsiveness. However, to give some idea of 
how the above might work when a market starts to run in a particular 
direction, please see the attached:
Additional Features
System Notifications
There should be two kinds of notifications for the Robotrader, which will be 
similar to Stack Manager Garbage Checks: Warning and Failure levels for both 
Offset and Price. The warning levels will trigger a pager message. The 
Failure levels will trigger a pager message and the product will be 
automatically suspended. The Price checks will be against prices input by the 
trader (not relative price movements, but actual price). There should be both 
maximum and minimum price checks (e.g. gas is trading at $5.50. The 
notification levels could be $8 at the top end and $2 at the bottom end Offset checks will only be against a maximum value.
Dave
Jim: 
Your words of encouragement are greatly appreciated.  I've certainly had some 
troubles this quarter.  I do appreciate your offer but I don't want to take 
away from the amazing year you've had so far.  Maybe you should come trade 
this John
Jim Schwieger
12/06/2000 05:42 PM
Through the year's (Sounds like Im really old) I have learned that the really 
great Individuals come down on themselves for circumstances beyond their 
control when in fact their performance is far beyond what anyone else could 
have done.  I believe you are one of those individuals.  I appreciate what 
you have done with EOL and the burden you have had to take on.  This 
especially hits home when I see what has happened to you P/L the last 3 
months.  You are expected to carry the world without having any NYMEX 
liquidity to cover your risk.  I would like to offer to transfer $30 million 
out of the Storage Book to the Price Book.  Without you and EOL I could never 
have done what I've done. 
Thanks  Jim Schwieger
I would like to participate in the Enron presentation at Vandy.
John
Kristin Gandy@
09/11/2000 09:30 AM
Hello Vandy Recruiting Team,
Well it is almost time for the corporate presentation on campus (September 
26th at 5:30pm) and the MBA golf tournament (September 30th at 12pm).  I need 
to know as soon as possible the members who are available to participate in 
either of these events.  We only need two participants for the golf 
tournament but we will need at least 6 to 8 members for the presentation Reserve your spot now before its too late!
Thank you and if you have any questions feel free to contact me at x 53214.
Kristin Gandy
Associate Recruiter
why would i be 
Eleanor Fraser  So--are you really pissed at me?
:-) eleanor
Come talk to me sometime after 4:00
JA;
Six months ago we spoke about Tony moving to a commercial role. He followed 
your advice and has gained some experience in structuring. He approached me 
about joining the middle marketing group. I think he would an asset. I think 
we would bring him as an associate with the hope that he would move up to 
manager in 6 months.
Please let me know your thoughts. I would like to use you as a reference with 
Fred and Craig.
Thanks
JF
i filled in the spreadsheet
John,
Please keep in mind that the option we are looking for is the average of the 
daily Gas Daily Henry Hub settles from 2/1 - 8/31.
If you have any questions, please call me at x31511.
,
Gary
Who's the target audience and how is it being distributed?
Louise Kitchen
09/14/2000 11:50 AM
Just wondering what you think of this?
How about 4:00?
Sarah Wesner@
09/12/2000 06:00 PM
John - we could be ready by Thursday.  What time does your market close (what 
is the earliest in the afternoon you can meet?)
can yuo set me up for the 4:00 mtg
Mark Frevert@
09/08/2000 10:09 AM
Sent by: Nicki Daw@
Sales Practices and Anti-Manipulation Training has been scheduled for 
Thursday, September 14, 2000 and Friday, September 15, 2000.  Attendance at 
this training is mandatory.  The sessions will run about 2 hours.  Since each 
session can only accommodate 50 people, please call Taffy Milligan at (713) 
345-7373 to reserve a seat.
Session 1 Thursday, Sept. 14  2:00 p.m.
Session 2 Thursday, Sept. 14  4:00 p.m.
Session 3 Friday, Sept. 15  9:00 a.m.
Session 4 Friday, Sept. 15  2:00 p.m.
Location details will be forwarded upon registration.
If you have any questions, please contact Mark Taylor at (713) 853-7459.
Mark Frevert / Mark Haedicke
David P Dupre
09/13/2000 02:41 PM
I've got you at 5pm in their calendar for Thursday Sep 14.
Al Pennisi and Craig Young from MG NY
David 3-3528 Steno 275
you're right....they're full
Matthew Arnold
09/11/2000 02:26:50 PM
tuesday night?
Please take care of this
John:
Hate to bother you about this again, since you have done it once already Please approve me (via Stephanie Sever) to trade Nymex contracts through EOL 
on behalf of the Weather Derivatives book.
Thanks
Steven
someone had a foul odor for sure
Eric Thode@
11/30/2000 08:25 AM
Thanks for your help with the photographer.  I just heard from Ann Schmidt 
and Margaret Allen that he was, shall we say, a "fragrant photographer 
I'm here 
My PAB file, or for the non technical among you, my Outlook Personal Address
Book was accidently deleted this week in an upgrade to Windows 2000 NT.
I have restored an old one, but it is several months, if not a whole year
out of date.
This is the first message to confirm the current address I have for you is
still active.
Please reply confirming you recieved it.
A second message will follow to try and replace some of the address's I know
I have lost.
Thanks for your help
Sean.
Please schedule me for 10/10 from 3:00-5:00 
Celeste Roberts
08/29/2000 06:21 PM
URGENT
The Associate and Analyst Recruiting Department will be conducting a number 
of two hour workshops to review our recruiting and interview process for the 
fall on-campus recruiting effort.  Critical information regarding our 
on-campus interview process, revised evaluation forms and program structure 
will be reviewed during these two hours sessions.
It is mandatory that all team members attend these workshops.  All team 
members must attend in order to articulate and demonstrate the Enron 
recruiting process.  Knowing how busy schedules are, we have made 
arrangements to present these workshops in two hours sessions for a total of  
40 workshops that will run during the last week of August, through the month 
of September and end at mid October.
Listed below are the dates, location and times for each session.  Please 
select a date and time and e-mail this information to my assistant, Dolores 
Muzzy.  We can accommodate 25 participants at a time.  Dolores will take 
dates and times on a first come, first serve basis.  We have scheduled enough 
sessions to accommodate every member of both the Associate and Analyst 
recruiting teams.
In order to participate in the recruiting process, you must attend one of 
these sessions.  We will be tracking participation.  CPE credits will also be 
given for attending this workshop.
concord
- concord.jpg
all you big boy 	Invitation
Chairperson: Julie Pechersky
Start: 09/12/2000 04:30 PM
End: 09/12/2000 05:30 PM
Description: 3-DAY MEETING TO EVALUATE MARKET DATA FRONT END APPLICATION
This meeting repeats   starting on    (if the date occurs on a weekend the 
meeting Meeting Dates: 
John Arnold/HOU/ECT
Hunter S Shively/HOU/ECT
Phillip K Allen/HOU/ECT
Thomas A Martin/HOU/ECT
Scott Neal/HOU/ECT
John Sieckman/Corp/Enron
Detailed description:
Please plan to attend a one hour demonstration of Globalview's product on  
Tuesday,September 12, Reuter's product
on Wednesday, September 13, and Bridge's product on Thursday, September 14 Your participation in this project is
essential in choosing the application that you and others on your floor will 
utilize in the future.  Each day, your group's  demo will
take place from 4:30-5:30.  I will send a reminder email with the location If for some reason there is a day that you 
can not attend, please work to find someone else to come in your place.
Please contact me with any questions at x-39225
Please take care of 
Enron-admin@FSDDataSvc.com on 09/07/2000 11:51:29 AM
Executive Impact & Influence Program
* IMMEDIATE ACTION REQUIRED - Do Not Delete *
As part of the Executive Impact and Influence Program, each participant
is asked to gather input on the participant's own management styles and
practices as experienced by their immediate manager, each direct report,
and up to eight peers/colleagues.
You have been requested to provide feedback for a participant attending
the next program.  Your input (i.e., a Self assessment, Manager assessment,
Direct Report assessment, or Peer/Colleague assessment) will be combined
with the input of others and used by the program participant to develop an
action plan to improve his/her management styles and practices.
It is important that you complete this assessment
NO LATER THAN CLOSE OF BUSINESS Thursday, September 14.
Since the feedback is such an important part of the program, the participant
will be asked to cancel his/her attendance if not enough feedback is
To complete your assessment, please click on the following link or simply
open your internet browser and go to:
Your unique ID for each participant you have been asked to rate is:
Unique ID - Participant
EMP74A    - Phillip Allen
If you experience technical problems, please call Dennis Ward at
FSD Data Services, 713-942-8436.  If you have any questions about this 
process,
you may contact Debbie Nowak at Enron, 713-853-3304, or Christi Smith at
Keilty, Goldsmith & Company, 858-450-2554.
Thank you for your participation.
concord
- concord.jpg
Next Wednesday 
Jennifer Shipos
09/06/2000 05:07 PM
Should we have a kick-off  happy hour next week?  Sandra told me to start 
working on it.
Yea...can you come by around 5:30?
Sarah Wesner@
09/06/2000 03:29 PM
Progress is good.  Do you want to meet up today? 
John Arnold@ECT
09/06/2000 11:51 AM
just checking up on the status of the margin project 
Take me off your mail list
JobOpps@idrc.org on 09/05/2000 03:37:13 PM
IDRC Job Opportunity Posting
DATE RECEIVED: September 05, 2000
POSITION: Property Director
COMPANY: Regus Business Centre Corp.
LOCATION: Northeast  USA
For complete details go to: 
To see all job postings go to 
take me off your mailing list
JobOpps@idrc.org on 09/05/2000 01:57:01 PM
IDRC Job Opportunity Posting
DATE RECEIVED: September 05, 2000
POSITION: Real Estate Manager
COMPANY: Sony Corporation of America
LOCATION: New York City NY, USA
For complete details go to: 
To see all job postings go to 
i'll let you know if they invite me this year.
Hey!  How are you? 
When Is Amerex throwing there yearly Christmas party?
Thanks Frances
just checking up on the status of the margin project 
Cliff:
I have 4 tix to the Black Crowes for you, third row center.  Where's your 
office now? I'll come up and say hello this afternoon if you have a minute.
John 
Please take me off your email list
Jennifer Green  Dear AEDC Member,
One of the most interesting developments in the economic development arena
is the creation of the AEDC/CUED/EDAC Site Selection Data Standard.  This
standard, long in the making, provides an opportunity for economic
developers and their customers to have one common means of presenting and
examining data.  Adoption of the standard promises real time savings and
more effective economic development decisions as communities will be more
comparable than ever before.
A copy of the standards is attached so that you can take a look at it to
see how the data standards can be made to work for you.  There are 25
tables in the standard presented in an excel format.  The tabs at the
bottom of the page will access the additional tables.
You can assemble your own data for the data standard tables or you can use
the services of ACN, the American Community Network. AEDC has entered into
a strategic partnership with ACN to provide much of the data necessary for
the standards.  ACN will provide data and provide future updates of the
standard to AEDC members at a discounted rate. It is your call as to which
approach works best for you.
Adoption of the standards promises great changes for the economic
development profession.  They should be of particular advantage to the many
areas that have great economic development opportunities but which haven't
tell their story.
If you'd like more information on the use of the standards, look for
notices of upcoming courses offered with AEDC's National Seminars on the
standards and their use.
Paul Lawler
AEDC
- SSDSTF Datatables 97 June 00.xls
The Fortune article is about grassroots change within a company.   It is 
written about the lady who started EOL, but I'm in it a little.   Chief of 
natural gas derivatives...I'm not really sure what that means.  I run the 
Nymex book now but not the floor..just the derivatives desk of five people 
I'm actually going to Costa Rica tomorrow morn thru Monday.   Never been but 
heard it's beautiful.  Next time you're in we'll go out.
J
Heather Robertson  What do you mean?  I'm serious!
So what Fortune article?  I only saw you in Time...  Pretty freaky to see
someone you know like that!  What the heck is a "chief" of natural gas
derivatives?!  Skilling's old job?
Check out the Amazon (AMZN) chat on Yahoo... I was joking that all of my
friends were in the press lately (i.e. YOU, as well as all my HBS buddies),
so the guys on the trading floor thought this would be funny.  The best part
is that someone thought they were serious and started in on the
conversation!!  I do investor relations for a hedge fund in Dallas, so
that's why they are talking about my IR/selling skills... but it's not
exactly your typical corporate IR position considering our investor base.
I'm going to be in your neck of the woods tomorrow.  I'm visiting friends in
Houston on Friday & Saturday, then going to my sister's house in Bay City on
Sat. night.  No firm plans, just getting out of Dallas.  Are you going to be
around?
I thought about you the night after I saw the article because I was in
Snuffers, drinking a strawberry daiquiri...    =)  do you remember why??   I
think about that every time I go there 
Take care and make money!
Glad to see you're having so much fun with this.  I've been here 5.5 years
with nothing and then in one week I'm in Fortune and Time.  Pretty funny.
Things are going well here .  The big E just chugging along, bringing the
stock price with it.  Wish I could tell you everything new in my life, but
I think I just did.
Your long lost buddy,
John
Heather Robertson  
Is this "the 26-year-old chief of natural-gas derivatives"?  If so, you
should write me back after you complete your "nine hours and $1 billion in
trades" today!!   Does this mean I have to start calling you "Mr. John It was great to see you're doing so well Your long lost buddy,
Heather
Heather Lockhart Robertson
HBK Investments LP
Personal:
214.758.6161 Phone
214.758.1261 Fax
Investor Relations:
214.758.6108 Phone
214.758.1208 Fax
I have a membership to the Body Shop downstairs.  Can you cancel that please?
J
Glad to see you're having so much fun with this.  I've been here 5.5 years 
with nothing and then in one week I'm in Fortune and Time.  Pretty funny Things are going well here .  The big E just chugging along, bringing the 
stock price with it.  Wish I could tell you everything new in my life, but I 
think I just did Your long lost buddy,
John
Heather Robertson  Is this "the 26-year-old chief of natural-gas derivatives"?  If so, you
should write me back after you complete your "nine hours and $1 billion in
trades" today!!   Does this mean I have to start calling you "Mr. John It was great to see you're doing so well Your long lost buddy,
Heather
Heather Lockhart Robertson
HBK Investments LP
Personal:
214.758.6161 Phone
214.758.1261 Fax
Investor Relations:
214.758.6108 Phone
214.758.1208 Fax
Did you get the magazines I sent you?
Karen Arnold  Don't look at Power until it goes up again.....today was not a good day.
I have a job interview tomorrow night!  Yes, ME!  I don't know if I will
take it if it is offered to me.  It's for only 4 days/week 
Attached are settles tonight for seasons and years for next 10 years.
Dutch is working on getting historical curves.  He should have it by tomorrow 
morning.
John
Can you handle this please?
You will be receiving (if you haven't already) an e-mail from "Dennis" 
an attached form.  His request states "Immediate Action Required".
It has come to our attention that you may not be familiar with FSD which is 
the data service processing partner to Keilty Goldsmith.  They
are responsible for sending out the Team Selection Forms to all of our 
participants.  I wanted to reconfirm that Dennis' e-mail attachment is your 
Team Selection Form which must be completed and forwarded back to FSD for 
processing by 12:00 noon, Thursday, August 31st 
To Assitant of Participant.  If your manager is out of town, please let me 
know and I will get a form to you so that you can
hopefully fax it to his/her destination.  I will work with you in any way 
possible to adhere to the timeline.  Thanks 
Should you have any questions, please do not hesitate in contacting me.
Debbie Nowak
Executive Development
713  853.3304
She's out no bitch
you know i have a picture of you blown up on my wall, don't you?  So when
does the fortune story come out?  (lemme guess, sep 11?)
You didnt realize I was such a fucking bigshot did ya?  Check out the Sep
11 Fortune page 182 for more of the mojo.
"You can't turn away for a minute or you get picked  off." Damn!! I'm
minding my own business sitting on the dooker  reading Time, and sure
enough i get picked off! Sheeeeeeeeeet.   Friggin celebrities. Can I have
your autograph 
Nice work, dood.
Fellas, I believe the new job is almost here--i was  told yesterday that I
got the job and am just waiting for the phone offer  (supposed to happen
this afternoon). If it comes through, I'll be covering  the
internet--should be pretty solid. Who knows, if EnronOnline gets spun  off
(obv, not gonna happen) I might even get to cover it... what a  mock!
Anyway, thought I'd drop you two a line. Hope things are going  well 
can't wait for football... lemme know when  you boys come back out here 
Andy
wassup wassup wassup.
plan drinks for any day early in the week
Jennifer Shipos
11/09/2000 05:31 PM
When do you want your drinks that I owe you?  I think it's time to have 
another group happy hour.  It doesn't seem like you have been your normal 
self recently 
Please contact John Lavorato.  He will be in charge of these budgetary issues.
Thanks,
John
Hi John,
Since Jeff has left I am assuming that you will be responsible for the plan 
for your cost center - 105894.  Please correct me if I am wrong.
I have scheduled a meeting tomorrow at 4pm with you to discuss the 2001 
direct expense plan for Financial Gas trading.  I will have a schedule that 
details your 2000 plan, 2000 estimate based on the first 6 months of 2000 and 
a template for the 2001 plan 
I will be mostly interested in getting the following information from you 
tomorrow:
1) Are you expecting an increase in headcount?  If so, what level of person?
2) What percentage increase in salaries for 2001?
3) Will you increase the # of analyst and associates used in this cost center?
4) What special pays, sign on bonuses, employee agreement, etc. do you want 
to plan for?
5) Are you expecting any promotions?
6) If you increase headcount, would this person(s) come from placement 
agencies?  Would we need to plan relocation costs for them?
7) Do you expect to use any consulting firms or outside temporaries?
8) Will you have any employee offsites or customer meetings that we should 
plan for?  If so, how much and where?
9) Will you have any large capital expenditures other than computers, 
monitors and software?
10) Do you anticipate any other changes in this cost center that we should 
plan for (ie, opening of another office, etc.)
My last day in this group is Thursday so I was trying to get this finished 
before Paula Harris took over.  She will be coming to the meeting with me Please let me know if you need any additional information prior to the 
meeting.
Thanks!
Suzanne
Fine with me
Andy Zipper@
08/29/2000 06:55 PM
Fair enough, though for basis swaps and other non NYMEX stuff I thought the 
numbers were a little higher. We are going to use $7.50 per 10,000 unless you 
have objection.
Frank:
How do Sep basis positions roll off?
John
And you wonder why America is the most productive country in the world.
MARY COOK
08/29/2000 08:12 AM
Ah, the European holiday tradition 
Sarah Wesner@
08/28/2000 07:25 PM
Warren Tashnek called to say that the documents for the credit line will not 
be available until next week.  It seems that all of Soc Gen's Paris office is 
on holiday for the month of August so the  credit proposal for the Enron 
facility is gathering dust on someone's desk until they return 
Mary Cook is working on t he brokerage agreement between Fimat and Enron That should be done in about a week.
Just FYI, whether it matters or not, but commissions in gas average $3-4 a 
contract.  Not sure about power.
Andy Zipper@
08/28/2000 04:10 PM
While we are putting this card together I thougth you guys might like to see 
some of the imputed commission numbers.......I thought we would cut it off at 
$100,000 saved. I'm using an average rate of $10 per 10,000 mmbtu gas and 
power equivalent.
Rahil:
I have never commented favorably nor unfavorably about Kase's newsletter.   I 
think publishing independent market evaluations could be beneficial.  The 
more interesting content that is published, the better.
Hey John,
We'd briefly spoken on the phone last week, but I haven't been able to come 
by and talk to you like I'd promised.  Louise had mentioned you did not like 
Cynthia Kase's newsletter and may not want us to put Cynthia's weekly 
summaries on EnronOnline.
Since Fred (Lagrasta) and his group think publishing her summaries on 
EnronOnline will attract more of the smaller customers, would you have any 
objection over us publishing the Kase newsletters.
Pls. let me know ASAP so we can proceed with this further.
Regds.,
Rahil
x. 3-3206
yes
Under the alternative "bumping" method, if the market is 3.75/5.25 and our 
EOL and ICE market's are both 4/5 in that case, would we pay brokerage if 
someone executes on ICE rather than EOL?
Fletch
Thanks
John,
Delainey asked Buy and Skilling to extend it for the next two weeks Consider it extended thru 9/12/00.
Ted
Ted:
Lavorato wanted me to check on the $5,000,000 VAR extension.  Is it possible 
to get this extended indefinitely until the west basis market settles down We will have a good percentage of the west position rolling off over the next 
week as well as indices get published.  Please advise ASAP.
John
Dave:
Just a reminder, can you send me a list of grandchildren to my products Also, is it possible to systems-wise deny grandchildren to a specific product 
to ensure that the rule is enforced?
John
no thanks 
Andy Zipper@
11/28/2000 08:25 AM
Do you care about seeing this report ? I use it for general benchmarking. Let 
me know if you want to see it regularly.
If you have any questions, I would be more than happy to answer them.
Thanks,
Pete
x5-7597
Just some feedback on our EOL discussion.  Whalley had similar thoughts about 
how to address the ICE issue.  His thoughts are that if we are 4/5 on EOL, we 
post 1/8 on ICE.  If someone betters the bid to 1.5, a logic server 
automatically bumps up our bid to 1.75.  If someone betters that to 2 bid, we 
immediately go 2.25 bid.  So we are always the best market on ICE so long as 
it is not inside our EOL 2-way.  Thus the only way our best market shows on 
ICE is if without us the market is 3.75/5.25, at which point our 4/5 market 
gets shown.  If the 3.75 bid pulls out, so does our 4 bid.   Our proposal was 
that if EOL was 4/5 we would always show ICE 3.75/5.25.   Think about which 
system you like better.
Whalley loved Fletch's idea of running tally of brokerage saved and that will 
be implemented shortly.
I am going to call another EOL meeting for everyone on the gas floor managing 
a product this week.  The purpose will be to communicate about the importance 
of winning the electronic commerce game through a combination of improving 
2-ways and killing the broker markets 
You didnt realize I was such a fucking bigshot did ya?  Check out the Sep 11 
Fortune page 182 for more of the mojo.
"You can't turn away for a minute or you get picked  off."? Damn!!? I'm 
minding my own business sitting on the dooker  reading Time, and sure enough 
i get picked off!? Sheeeeeeeeeet.?  Friggin celebrities.? Can I have your 
autograph ?
Nice work, dood. 
?
Fellas, I believe the new job is almost here--i was  told yesterday that I 
got the job and am just waiting for the phone offer  (supposed to happen this 
afternoon).? If it comes through, I'll be covering  the internet--should be 
pretty solid.? Who knows, if EnronOnline gets spun  off (obv, not gonna 
happen) I might even get to cover it...? what a  mock!? Anyway, thought I'd 
drop you two a line.? Hope things are going  well ?
can't wait for football...? lemme know when  you boys come back out here ?
Andy
?
Hey:
Can you send me the file that you produced of those names so I can shrink it 
down a little?
Thanks,
John
How about Tuesday at either 6:45 am or 2:15 pm my time.
David Redmond
08/25/2000 07:26 AM
John, Mike,
As you may know I recently moved from the Calgary office to the London 
office. The vol curve here is marked very similarly to the Nymex curve at the 
front but drops off to a much lower level at the back. Richard Lewis, who is 
in charge of UK Gas and Power trading, would like to discuss the rationale 
behind the longer end of the NG curves, both vol and price.
Could we all get on the phone sometime next week (Monday is a holiday here) 
perhaps before the open or shortly after the close? (The Nymex closes at 8pm 
UK time.)
Thanks,
Dave
Ina:
Did you find out the info on the ENA management committee>
John
Dave:
I was thinking about our conversation yesterday.   If El Paso, absent this 
power deal, were to give us physical gas for 8 years discounted at their WACC 
in exchange for an upfront cash payment from ENE, is that transaction a 
mark-to-market gain for us?  If not, what's the difference in paying them 
with an asset rather than cash.  If it is a mark-to-market gain, isn't this a 
way to generate false P&L?
John
Thanks, have a good time but no interest..
John
David P Dupre
08/24/2000 05:00 PM
Every now and then, I receive complimentary tickets to Astros games at Enron 
field from various brokers or other contacts.
If you would be interested in receiving them, let me know--
David
3-3528 
Steno: 275
Must be nice to be a Wall Street executive
John,
I will be out of the office vacationing up in Martha's Vineyard with the
family through Labor Day.  Good Luck with Debby...talk to you in Sep.
Hey:
So I was thinking about your NY problem...I might have an answer.  The site 
lists cheap hotel specials.  The problem is they won't list them until the 
Wednesday before the weekend.  Check it out though.  They have some 
reasonable deals.
John
Thanks.  This is a project we should have done 5 years ago.
John
Sarah Wesner@
08/22/2000 11:10 AM
Futures' information - will work with Dutch, may take several days
Margin Financing Agreement terms:
Warren Tashnek left me a message today saying that the Soc Gen documents were 
coming 
John Arnold@ECT
08/22/2000 07:04 AM
Sarah:
Can you create a spreadsheet summarizing Enron's open futures interest broken 
down by commodity and broker, including maintenance and initial margin for 
all commodities (including rates, currencies, gas, crude, etc Also, can you create a list of all margin financing agreements in place and 
the rates we pay.
Thanks,
John
appears as though the time to get in was last wednesday and everybody already 
missed their chance to get out
thursday 6 PM   Ruggles on main.
Is it time to get into etoys?
Jeff Pesot
Verso Technologies
(212) 792-4094 - office
(917) 744-6512 - mobile
mail to : jeff.pesot@verso.com
www.verso.com
Fine
Ina Rangel
08/22/2000 02:08 PM
Carolyn Gilley who is a department head in our records management group has 
hired the firm, Millican & Assoicates to come in and compile all of our 
current and archived files into a more suitable fileplan.  Enron has given 
permission for this firm to handle this, but they need further approval from 
each one of you to deal with your backoffice people and with your assistants 
in compiling this information to complete their project.  Below is a more 
detailed letter from the firm explaining their work here.
Please respond to me that I have your approval to give for them to complete 
your project.
Thank You,
Ina Rangel
Sarah Bolken@
08/22/2000 08:17 AM
Sent by: Sara Bolken@
Ina, here is information concerning the scope and purpose of our project:
We are records and information management consultants from Millican Associates, who have been hired by Carolyn Gilley, ENA's Records Manager, to 
formulate a Fileplan for all of ENA's business records. The approach we're 
taking to develop this Fileplan is to perform a generic  inventory of each 
ENA organization's records. Now, we generally meet with an executive (usually 
a vice president, director or manager) within each group to first explain 
this project and seek permission to perform the inventory. We'll then ask 
that executive to designate someone within his/her area to serve as our 
working contact. The contact is usually someone who is very familiar with 
their department's record, and can be a manager or support staff.
There are a number of reasons we are working on this ENA Fileplan Project. 
Enron, as I am sure you know, creates volumes of paper and electronic 
records--much of it has never been captured on a records retention schedule. 
Many departments are keeping records well beyond their legal retention 
requirements, taking up valuable and expensive office space. The Fileplan, 
once completed, will document what is being created, who has responsibility 
for it, and how long it must be maintained.
Enron has also invested in a software product called Livelink. Livelink is an 
imaging system whereby you can scan your documents into it, index them, and 
then use the "imaged" document viewable from your computer as the working 
copy. After scanning, the paper can either be destroyed or transferred to 
offsite storage, depending upon its retention requirements. 
During our inventory we will attempt to capture both paper and electronic 
records. We'll also try to identify any computer systems your area uses, i.e. 
MSA, SAP, etc.. The inventory itself is painless and non-invasive, in that we 
do not open or look into file cabinets or desk drawers. It's simply an 
interview process where the contact answers a few easy, simple questions.
If you have any additional questions, please feel free to give me a call Thank you.
Sara Bolken
X35150
Sarah:
Can you create a spreadsheet summarizing Enron's open futures interest broken 
down by commodity and broker, including maintenance and initial margin for 
all commodities (including rates, currencies, gas, crude, etc Also, can you create a list of all margin financing agreements in place and 
the rates we pay.
Thanks,
John
Jennifer:
I'll be here, 3221F, tomorrow from 7:00 - 8:00 and 8:30-9:00 am.
Thanks
John
Jennifer Milligan
08/21/2000 11:15 AM
John,
I am a new generalist on your Human Resources team and  I would like to 
deliver your Stock Option Grant Agreement.   We are required to deliver these 
documents in person, so please email me with your current EB location or call 
me with a convenient delivery time.
Thanks,
Jennifer
X35272
And I'm expecting the same from you.
Brian Hoskins
08/21/2000 12:52 PM
John,
I trust you have set a good example for all of us to follow by contributing 
20% of your gross income.  Don't let us down.
Brian
John Arnold
08/21/2000 12:49 PM
Dear fellows,
Please remember to fill out your pledge card for United Way (even if you 
don't plan on contributing)  if you haven't done so thus far.
Thanks,
John
Dear fellows,
Please remember to fill out your pledge card for United Way (even if you 
don't plan on contributing)  if you haven't done so thus far.
Thanks,
John
Ina:
1.  Vacation is fine.
2.  Please put meeting below on calendar.
3. I am going to analyst presentation at Vanderbilt.  Find out when it is and 
put on calendar.
4. Can you find out who is on the ENA management committee meeting I went to 
along with their title and responsibilities.
5. Can you schedule a meeting for Tuesday or Wednesday late afternoon with 
Phillip, Hunter, and Fletch about EOL
Thanks.
Please mark your calendars for the following Bi-Weekly Meeting, on Tuesdays,
starting on August, 29th.
Date:  Tuesday, August 29
Time:  3:00 pm - 4:00 pm 
Location: EB32C2
Topic:  Var, Reporting and Resources Meeting
If you have any questions/conflicts, please feel free to call me.
Thanks,
Rain
x.31560
does the arnolds' worldwide notoriety surprise you?
John Buckner Thomas
08/21/2000 12:20 PM
season started saturday.  ends in may.  i'm pretty open..... bring it arsenal v liverpool tonite.
me and hugh grant are neighbors (notting hill)... and he's been asking about 
the arnolds 
or something.
John Arnold
21/08/2000 18:16
when are we invited??
John Buckner Thomas
08/21/2000 11:51 AM
when are you and your brother coming over to watch some premier league?
when are we invited??
John Buckner Thomas
08/21/2000 11:51 AM
when are you and your brother coming over to watch some premier league?
Is that hugs or kisses?
John J Lavorato@
08/21/2000 10:42 AM
XXXX XXX
Due to VAR reasons, you and I  both need to sell today.  Vol and price are 
going up, implying Enron can carry fewer contracts today than Friday.  Have 
your desk net sell 400 today.
John
CONGRATULATIONS
David P Dupre
11/28/2000 09:02 PM
As a recent transfer into the analyst program, I have moved to a new group: 
EnronCredit.com, based
in London but I will be working here.   I will be working mainly with credit 
derivative traders.
I am at the same phone number, 3-3528, and completely enjoyed my role working 
with you
in the Nymex checkout function for the past 1 1/2 years.
Joe Hunter will be taking my place while a replacement is found.
Best wishes to each of you at Enron.
David
Had Carlos Franco just shot a 49 yesterday instead of a 70, you would have 
won.
Hey,
Can you add Whalley and/or Andy Zipper to Pedrone's interview schedule.  He 
can come in earlier if necessary. 
If you need to talk to him, he is staying at the Omni and his cell number is 
917-699-2222.
John
I had a dream that you were laid off yesterday, the day before your deal.
Just checking on Saturday with third eye blind 
If J. Franco wins, you win $2425
If he loses, you lose $75
08/17/2000 02:12 PM
Brenda Flores-Cuellar@
Brenda Flores-Cuellar@
Brenda Flores-Cuellar@
08/17/2000 02:12 PM
08/17/2000 02:12 PM
This is too funny.
-Bren
- hyundai.mpeg
Web server noticeably slow today.  I'm getting a lot of bad failed trades 
(2-3 seconds behind when I change a price).
Not necessarily slower than yesterday, but definitely slower than a month 
ago.
z/f trading 4
Thanks...anxiously awaiting
Andy Zipper@
08/16/2000 09:28 AM
Yeah yeah I know 
The roll out for phase II EOL is (for now) 8/28/00. Options are qeued next 
after that. Unfortu ately I wish I could give you a hard date, but it is out 
of my hands and in Jay Webb's shop. I am pushing as hard as I can but Louise 
has set phase II as the priority. I know this sounds like a lame excuse, but 
I don't know what else to say. The application is built, it just needs to be 
tested. Please don't get too frustrated and keep the pressure up on us.
Andy
Andy:
Just checking on the options.  Any idea on rollout date?
John
Congrats on your new job..
Z/F !!!!   wow.    Who would have thunk it.  Prompt gas at $6+ and Z/F as 
wide as last year.  Hard to think of a better scenario for it to flip Rather, hard to think of any scenario for any z/f to be contango.   if it 
couldn't do it this year A lot of boys max withdrawing out of storage because that's what the curve 
told them to do last bid week.  Obviously, more gas trying to come out than 
is being burned, so you have to incentivize an economic player, like an 
Enron, to inject.  Problem is if we stick it in the ground now, we're pulling 
it out in G.  When you had z/g at 35 back and cash getting priced off g, 
cash/z looks awfully weak, thus putting a lot of pressure on z/f.  Storage 
economics will always dictate this market except maybe latter half of 
winter.  Buyers of h/j at 70 certainly hope so anyways Agree with you that back half of the winter should be strong.  storage boys 
are withdrawing today and buying that.   bottom fishing in f/g yet or is it 
going to zero?
slafontaine@globalp.com on 11/22/2000 06:50:46 AM
agree on jan/feb-i cudnt resist sold a little yest at 39-will prob end up 
buying
em back at +45 and piss away the rest of my month
fyi-if you ever have a chance to speak on the phone feel free to call-my time 
is
busy but managed only by me not paper flow and eol. so i dont bother you with
calls just an occasional email to give you the time to respond when you have 
the
time. im also susprised about dec/jan-mad a few bucks trading it both ways but
one cant help wonder given these loads-gass crazy out west-the so called 
impact
of husbanding by end users yet the frontn of the curve still cant backwardate 
at
all-indeed makes all the sprds look very rich agaon.
also will be curious how these "loan deals" by pipes work ouut. man these
guys cud really be getting themselves in trouble-another big reason dec cash
hasnt been able to go over jan-but i think it will make them strong longs in 
the
back of the mkt?? ie are they taking the gas back in march, april?? shud keep
that part of the curve very strong agree?
be cool my man-talk later
Scott:
Congrats on some great tech analysis of late.  You've called it near 
perfectly over the past month 
John
SOblander@carrfut.com on 08/10/2000 07:04:53 AM
The information contained herein is based on sources that we believe to be
reliable, but we do not represent that it is accurate or complete.  Nothing
contained herein should be considered as an offer to sell or a solicitation
of an offer to buy any financial instruments discussed herein.  Any
opinions expressed herein are solely those of the author.  As such, they
may differ in material respects from those of, or expressed or published by
on behalf of Carr Futures or its officers, directors, employees or
affiliates.  , 2000 Carr Futures
The charts are now in the most recent version of Adobe Acrobat 4.0 and they
should print clearly from Adobe Acrobat Reader 3.0 or higher. Adobe Acrobat
Reader 4.0 may be downloaded for FREE from www.adobe.com.
(See attached file: ngas.pdf)(See attached file: crude.pdf)
- ngas.pdf
- crude.pdf
suicide
- suicide.avi
I will not be able attend but Errol will be there in my place.
Thanks,
John
PAMELA 
SONNIER 08/09/2000 10:27 AM
Your attendance is requested for this Carr presentation Friday, August 11th 
in 32C2 at 11:30a.
Jeff Koehler, Senior VP of Global Client Services along with Scott Oblander, 
Assistant VP, Energy Division  and Hamilton Fonseca, VP, Customer Support 
will be in our office on Friday.
These gentlemen will be here to demonstrate Carr's electronic clearing 
capabilities.
This presentation is for Enron's mid/back office and IT personnel that are 
involved in exchange traded futures and options.  The presentation is real 
time via the internet and takes approximately 1 1/2 to 2 hours depending on 
the number of questions that are raised.
Lunch will be served and we look forward to seeing each of you present. If 
for any reason you are unable to attend please inform me that I might order 
lunch accordingly.
Thank You.
Pamela Sonnier
(x3 7531) 
thx
Liz M Taylor
08/09/2000 08:54 AM
Hi Johnny,
I was out yesterday and did not receive your message until now.  However, I 
did not have any tickets.    I'll make it up to you.  Let me know when you 
would like to attend a game.
Liz
John Arnold
08/08/2000 01:45 PM
Hey:
Do you have any extras for tonight's game?
John
PS.   How's you bowl
Hello,
Just checking to see if things are progressing as scheduled Thanks,
John
Plan of action for implementation of the VaR methodology change related to 
forward-forward volatilities:
1. Finalize the methodology proposed (Research/Market Risk) - Done
2. Testing of the new methodology for the Natural Gas Desk in Excel (Market 
Risk)  - Done
3. Get approval for the methodology change from Rick Buy (see draft of the 
memo attached) - John Lavorato and John Sherriff - by 8/7/00
- John Lavorato, any comments on the memo?
- Would you like to run this by John Sherriff or should I do it?
4. Develop and implement the new methodology in a stage environment 
(Research/IT) - by 8/14/00
5. Test the new methodology (Market Risk, Traders) - by 8/27/00
6. Migrate into production (Research/IT) - 8/28/00
Please let me know if this is reasonable and meets everyone's expectations. 
Vlady.
By Fiona O'Brien
LONDON, Aug 8 (Reuters) - The head of the largest yet Internet
exchange for energy products said it will combine traditional anonymity
with transparency to give traders a better overview of market activity.
The InterContinentalExchange (ICE), an Atlanta-based venture
initiated by seven major oil companies and banks is due to launch August
24 for trade in precious metals swaps, with energy products trade to go
live soon afterwards.
While market transparency will increase as dealers used to
over-the-counter (OTC) telephone-based market trade on a screen, users
of the ICE will remain nameless up until the point of trade, Jeffrey
Sprecher, ICE's chief executive officer told Reuters in an interview.
"As soon as you hit the deal, the system reveals both
counterparties," he said. "The real strength is that you (still) get the
ability to manage your own counterparties.
"You can list all of the people you want to do business with and put
in the credit terms under which you will do business."
This information will then be processed by what Sprecher called a
"giant matrix" within the system.
"(At the moment) people in the over-the-counter market aren't sure
they have ever seen the entire market," he said.
"(On the ICE), deals you can do will appear in white and deals you
can't do will be in grey, but you can see the entire market."
Giving players a fuller complement of figures than they are currently
aware of in a telephone-dominated market should increase market
transparency, as they can keep abreast of the activities of dealers who
fall outside their own trading criteria, Sprecher said.
The exchange is expected to function in real time around the clock
and will be accessible via the public internet or a private network
connection.
Initial liquidity will be provided by founder members BP Amoco
Dean Witter      Shell runs the industry's largest international oil trading operation
and Goldman Sachs' J.Aron commodities arm last year was dominant
internationally in unregulated OTC oil derivatives.
Late in July the original cast was joined by six gas and power
companies, American Electric Power       Sprecher said continued liquidity would be ensured by the fact that
the founding members will pay fees even if they do not trade and will
face additional penalties if they fail to live up to their commitment to
trade a minimum volume.
TRADERS STILL TO DO OWN CLEARING
As well as increasing awareness of market moves, Sprecher believes
trading over the Internet could boost trading profits.
"The economics (of the system) will be driven by the fact that a
paperless back office can really save a lot of money," he said.
However such savings on trading the ICE appear some way off given
that dealers will initially have to continue using their own clearing
systems, as they do in current OTC systems.
Under the ICE, once a deal has been struck both counterparties will
receive an electronic deal ticket which will then go through those
players' own risk management systems.
But the exchange is eager to look at ways of introducing its own
clearing system.
"No one really knows how at the moment," Sprecher said. "There might
be some hybrid between traditional exchange clearing and what now exists
peer to peer."
In terms of participation costs, no membership fees will be incurred
except those associated with trading. Membership is open to any
commercial market participant.
Each product will have its own published commission schedule, which
Sprecher assessed at "slightly below the best prices someone would pay
in the voice broker business".  ((London newsroom +44 20 7542 7930)
For related news, double click on one of the following codes:
[O] [E] [ACD] [U] [ELE] [ELN] [UKI] [EMK] [MD] [CRU] [PROD] [ELG] [NGS]
[WWW] [US] [GB] [FR] [DE] [BNK] [DRV] [EUROPE] [WEU] [MEAST] [LEN]
[RTRS]
[BPA.L\c] [DBKGn.DE\c] [GS.N\c] [MWD.N\c] [SHEL.L\c] [SOGN.PA\c]
For related price quotes, double click on one of the following codes:
Tuesday, 8 August 2000 13:24:31
RTRS [nL08439249]
67
george.ellis@americas.bnpparibas.com on 08/08/2000 09:32:47 AM
Good Morning,
Here are this week's stats:
AGA Last Year       +45
5 yr AVG            +67
Lifetime High            +80    1996
Lifetime Low             +45    1999
Gas in STGE              1920
5yr AVG             2132
+/- to 1999              -386
+/- to 5yr AVG           -212
Please have your estimates in by Noon (11:00 CST) tomorrow.  Thanks.
(Embedded image moved to file: pic24924.pcx)
Ce message et toutes les pieces jointes (ci-apres le "message") sont etablis 
a l'intention exclusive de ses destinataires et sont confidentiels. Si vous 
recevez ce message par erreur, merci de le detruire et d'en avertir 
immediatement l'expediteur.
Toute utilisation de ce message non conforme a sa destination, toute 
diffusion ou toute publication, totale ou partielle, est interdite, sauf 
autorisation expresse.
L'internet ne permettant pas d'assurer l'integrite de ce message, BNP PARIBAS 
(et ses filiales) decline(nt) toute responsabilite au titre de ce message, 
dans l'hypothese ou il aurait ete modifie.
Any use not in accord with its purpose, any dissemination or disclosure, 
either whole or partial, is prohibited except formal approval.
The internet can not guarantee the integrity of this message. BNP PARIBAS 
(and its subsidiaries) shall (will) not therefore be liable for the message 
if modified.
- pic24924.pcx
Hey:
Do you have any extras for tonight's game?
John
PS.   How's you bowl
Yes, I  managed it while she was on vacation.
David Forster@
08/07/2000 10:01 AM
I note that Sandra Brawner is managing this product today, but your ID had it 
Friday night.
Does this sound right?
Dave
David Forster
08/04/2000 08:18 PM
Was live as of 8:15 this evening.
I suspended it.
Dave
JP:
Hope things are going well. 
I'm trying to get the email address of your new partner, Tracy.
If you have, can you forward?
Thx,
John
Please tell me he's not analyzing bollinger bands.
Attached please find a follow up to today's Natural  Gas market analysis.
?
Thanks,
?
Bob
- 11-27-00 Nat Gas intraday update 1.doc
Although I would prefer to see the counterparty name for failed transactions, 
it is not of great importance and I certainly understand a third party system 
not supplying us with that info.
Andy Zipper@
07/31/2000 01:51 PM
John,
As you are probably aware we did a click through deal with Houston Street, 
whereby EOL prices would be posted on their platform. The initial thought was 
that this would be transparent to the trading desks; they wouldn't care 
whether the trade came from Houston Street, True Quote or EOL (although we 
could make the platform name available to you if you so desired.) This still 
will be the case except for one problem: Houston Street does not want us to 
reveal the counterparty name to the trader in the event of a failed 
transaction. I don't know whether this is an issue for you or not, but I 
would like to know. We will probably run into this issue with any platform we 
deal with for obvious anonymity reasons. I would really appreciate your 
thoughts/concerns.
-Andy
thx
Phil Clifford
08/02/2000 04:25 PM
thought you might find this interesting. looks like heavy tropical wave 
moving off the coast.
I am leaving early on Friday.  If they want I'll try to talk to the kid for 
15 minutes around lunch.
John
Kevin G Moore
08/01/2000 01:22 PM
Hello,
I have several changes.
Vince Kaminski  9:00-10:00 Conf.EB19C1
Toni Graham     10:00-11:00 Conf.EB32C2
Mike Roberts and Jose Marquez  - Lunch
Mark Tawney    1:00-1:30  Conf.EB32C2
Grant Masson 1:45-2:10  Conf.EB19C1
Stinson Gibner  2:15-2:30 Conf.EB19C1
Maureen Raymond  2:30-2:45 Conf.EB19C1
Hunter Shively  3:00-3:15   EB3241
Jeff Shankman  3:15-3:30   EB3241
John Arnold   3:30-3:45 EB3241
Please call me at x34710 with any questions or new information.
Thanks
Kevin 
Moore
Please take me off email list.
mailreply  Planning to attend the Olympics in Sydney, Australia?
Here is a networking opportunity for our international IDRC visitors to 
experience some warm Aussie hospitality.
The Sydney Chapter would love to offer our international IDRC members an 
opportunity to combine the Olympics with a real Aussie Bush Barbeque in one 
of our National Parks close to Sydney.
The Chapter has set aside Thursday, 14 September 2000 for an IDRC 
International "Wine & Wisdom" event in the form of a Bush BBQ.  The time is 
4:00 - 6:00 pm for a BBQ, a little informal information sharing, and some 
warm Aussie hospitality.
Just let us know who you are, how we can contact you, your particular social 
or business interest, and we will be in touch with more detail.  It's then up 
to you!
Contact John Fox, IDRC Australia Regional Director, tel (612) 9977 0732, 
email: john.fox@idrc.org
,
Bruce Richards
Australia Regional Council Chair
John Fox
Australia Regional Director
Visit our website for news and information www.idrc.org
The following is a summary of the trades EES did today:
# buys  # sells
Sep  5 / day  5 / day 
Oct  4 / day
Nov-Mar 3 / day  2 / day
Apr-Oct  1.5 / day 2.5 / day
Total contracts traded = 2045
Thought you should know John
Hello:
There is one feature that has not been transferred to the new stack manager When I sort by both counterparty and product at the bottom of the screen, the 
position summary does not sort by both product and counterparty, just by 
product.  It would be very useful if you can replace this. 
Thanks,
John
z/f 10/12
Hey:
Do you have JP's email address?
John
Matthew Arnold
08/02/2000 06:46 PM
Jonathon Pielop
07/31/2000 07:55 AM
Matthew Arnold
08/02/2000 06:46 PM
Jonathon Pielop
07/31/2000 07:55 AM
good seats sill available
Matthew Arnold
11/27/2000 12:33:48 PM
guess who is a sponsor of the galleryfurniture.com bowl?  tickets available 
in the energizer for $8.
Matthew Arnold
08/02/2000 06:46 PM
Jonathon Pielop
07/31/2000 07:55 AM
Matthew Arnold
08/02/2000 06:46 PM
Jonathon Pielop
07/31/2000 07:55 AM
That is fine...Just make sure you ensure the confidentiality of the floor is 
not compromised.  Do not let him see any EOL entry screens.
Thanks,
John
David P Dupre
08/02/2000 02:09 PM
I have a friend at Prudential Securities who is interested in visiting the 
trading floors this week.
He is in my capacity (back office) at Pru.
Please let me know,
Thanks
David
3-3528 
Steno: 275
baby
- baby.mpg
SOblander@carrfut.com on 08/02/2000 06:41:29 AM
The information contained herein is based on sources that we believe to be
reliable, but we do not represent that it is accurate or complete.  Nothing
contained herein should be considered as an offer to sell or a solicitation
of an offer to buy any financial instruments discussed herein.  Any
opinions expressed herein are solely those of the author.  As such, they
may differ in material respects from those of, or expressed or published by
on behalf of Carr Futures or its officers, directors, employees or
affiliates.  , 2000 Carr Futures
The charts are now in the most recent version of Adobe Acrobat 4.0 and they
should print clearly from Adobe Acrobat Reader 3.0 or higher. Adobe Acrobat
Reader 4.0 may be downloaded for FREE from www.adobe.com.
Mike Heffner will be on vacation the rest of this week. No charts until
Monday.
(See attached file: Stripmatrix.pdf)(See attached file: ngas.pdf)(See
attached file: crude.pdf)
- Stripmatrix.pdf
- ngas.pdf
- crude.pdf
Kevin G Moore
08/01/2000 01:22 PM
Hello,
I have several changes.
Vince Kaminski  9:00-10:00 Conf.EB19C1
Toni Graham     10:00-11:00 Conf.EB32C2
Mike Roberts and Jose Marquez  - Lunch
Mark Tawney    1:00-1:30  Conf.EB32C2
Grant Masson 1:45-2:10  Conf.EB19C1
Stinson Gibner  2:15-2:30 Conf.EB19C1
Maureen Raymond  2:30-2:45 Conf.EB19C1
Hunter Shively  3:00-3:15   EB3241
Jeff Shankman  3:15-3:30   EB3241
John Arnold   3:30-3:45 EB3241
Please call me at x34710 with any questions or new information.
Thanks
Kevin 
Moore
fyi 
jan red jan 32/33 with sep @392
Vlade:
I have not heard back from you.  What is the schedule for changing the VAR 
process?
Please reply,
John
fyi:
Jan Red Jan trading 28.5 with Sep @ 381
Hey:
What's the update on Larry May's VAR issues.   Again, this is a priority as 
we will lose Lavorato's VAR soon.
Thanks,
John
saw a lot of the bulls sell summer against length in front to mitigate 
margins/absolute position limits/var.  as these guys are taking off the 
front, they are also buying back summer.  el paso large buyer of next winter 
today taking off spreads.  certainly a reason why the spreads were so strong 
on the way up and such a piece now.   really the only one left with any risk 
premium built in is h/j now.   it was trading equivalent of 180 on access, 
down 40+ from this morning.  certainly if we are entering a period of bearish 
to neutral trade, h/j will get whacked.  certainly understand the arguments 
for h/j.  if h settles $20, that spread is probably worth $10.  H 20 call was 
trading for 55 on monday.  today it was 10/17.  the market's view of 
probability of h going crazy has certainly changed in past 48 hours and that 
has to be reflected in h/j.
slafontaine@globalp.com on 12/13/2000 04:15:51 PM
mkt getting a little more bearish the back of winter i think-if we get another
cold blast jan/feb mite move out. with oil moving down and march closer flat 
px
wide to jan im not so bearish these sprds now-less bullish march april as 
well.
The agreement is fine.  I'll mail it out.
John:
?
Thanks again for the opportunity to provide my technical  service.? Attached 
is an agreement that covers our arrangement.? Let  me know if you have any 
questions.? If it's ok, please sign and fax back to  me at (410)308-0441.? I 
look forward to working with you ?
Mark Sagel
Psytech Analytics
(410)308-0245
- Agree-Enron.doc
Liz:
Come by anytime Thanks,
John
Liz M Taylor
07/25/2000 05:22 PM
John,
Thank you for sponsoring me for ALS (Lou Gehrig's disease).  I need to turn 
all funds in by Wednesday, July 26.  Please make your check payable to 
"MDA."  (Cash is also accepted.)  Call me when ready and I'll come collect or 
send to EB2801e.
Many Thanks,
Liz Taylor x31935
EB2801e
John Arnold  $100.00
thanks
FYI. I spoke with Steve. Seems like they have not been successful with plan 
A, i.e. to get their investors to give them authority to trade OTC as well as 
futures. They have moved on to plan B which is to take one of their domestic 
funds (approx. $500mm under mgt) off the floor (futures only) and into OTC 
trading. Still has the rating problem with Enron, but I am trying to get him 
to arrange a conference call with their CFO so I can discuss ways around it. 
He will try to do so this week. Mind you, I left it at this point the last 
time I spoke with him a couple of months ago and it seemed to stall. I'll 
keep chasing it.  Per
John Arnold
07/07/2000 08:50 AM
Per:
I've talked to him several times in the past.  I told him that you would call 
because of your experience with setting up funds.  They have two main 
problems.   One is setting up their internal systems.  Second, they have 
credit problems with a BBB+.
Please call and introduce yourself.
Thanks,
john 
John, did you answer him or should I respond? Per
John Arnold
06/26/2000 05:18 PM
Steve List  
Kevin G Moore
07/24/2000 01:09 PM
Friday , August 4,2000
Interview begins at  9:00 a.m.
9:00 a.m. Vince Kaminski - EB1962
10:00 a.m. John Lavarato - No Interview
11:15 a.m. Mike Roberts / Jose Marquez
(Luncheon Interview)
3:00 p.m.  Hunter Shively - EB32C2
3: 15 p.m. Jeff Shankman - EB32C2
3:30 p.m. John Arnold - EB32C2
3:45 p.m. Toni Graham-
Itinerary and Resume will follow 
Thanks
Kevin Moore
Please note: DO NOT OFFER  Mr. Bennett a position without JOHN LAVARATO 
APPROVAL
Frank:
One of the most likely scenarios for a VAR blowout would be a severe cold 
front hitting the country in the middle to latter part of the winter.  In 
such a circumstance, cash may separate from prompt futures similar to how 
Midwest power traded $5000+ on specific days last year while prompt futures 
were $200.  The correlation between prompt and cash is normally very strong, 
and is indicated by the small VAR associated with a spread position 
currently.  But in the winter that may change.
Another thing to keep in mind while developing this scenario is the 
assymetric risk presented by having a spread position on.  Assuming we enter 
the winter with normal to below normal storage levels, a position of long 
cash, short prompt futures has a long tail only on the positive p&l side While such a trade in an efficient market has expected payout of 0, the 
payout probabilities may look like the following:
20%  $ -.05
40%     $ -.02
20% $ 0
19% $ .03
1% $ 1
RAC is working on developing some "canned" stress tests regarding VaR.  For 
example, one test could be called "hurricane", were the prompt month is 
"stressed" on both price and vols, holding all other inputs constant. 
Anyway, I would like to know of any likely/realistic stress scenarios you can 
think of 
Let me know,
Frank
Vlady:
The plan looks good.  Can you please attach a time schedule to the different 
steps and send it back.
Thanks,
John
Gentlemen,
Below is a plan of action for moving along with the VaR methodology change 
related to forward-forward volatility:
1. Finalize the methodology proposed (Research/Market Risk)
- determine the time period used to calculated forward-forward vols vs. 
correlations (20 days vs. 60 days)
- stabilize the calculation for curves and time periods where the curve does 
not change based on historical prices, implying volatility of 0%
2. Get approval for the methodology change from Rick Buy (see draft of the 
memo attached) - John Lavorato and John Sherriff
3. Develop and implement the new methodology in a stage environment 
(Research/IT)
4. Test the new methodology (Market Risk, Traders)
5. Migrate into production (Research/IT)
Please let me know if this is reasonable and meets everyone's expectations. 
Vlady.
VP
ENA
Nat Gas Trading
3-3230
Debbie Flores
07/18/2000 09:01 AM
I am needing to update the following information for Beth Miertschin's Fall 
Recruiting team listings 
Please forward me the following:
Title
Company
Business Unit/Function
Extension
Location
Your response is greatly appreciated.
Debbie Flores
Recruiting Coordinator
Analyst Program 
Mary:
These agreements are acceptable.  Please sign the give up agreements with 
Banc One.
John
MARY COOK
07/19/2000 02:30 PM
I have received the executed counterparts of the Give Up Agreements from Banc 
One for our signature contemplating several executing brokers.  It is my 
understanding that trades were recently pulled from Banc One and therefore, 
these agreements may not now be warranted.   John, please advise me regarding 
whether you will want to sign these agreements with Banc One or not.  Thank 
you.  Mary Cook  ENA Legal
Jeff:
In   to the antitrust training, can you please schedule that at least 
one of the sessions starts at 3:00 or later to ensure participation by all.
Thanks,
John
Russell:
My risk group frequently uses the New Counterparty label for internal 
counterparties that do not have a trading book.  This transaction was a hedge 
for the acquisition of the paper plant we announced recently.  I'm not sure 
who the internal group is that did the transaction.  Dutch Quigley should be 
able to help.
John.
John
A trade came across our morning report listed as a 'New Counterparty'.  It 
was about 17BCF Swap from Sep "00  - Aug '07.  Can you give me some details 
on the counterparty.
Thank you,
Russell
Credit
Thanks.
Andy Zipper@
07/19/2000 08:27 AM
By the version of EOL do you mean the new version of stack manager ? If you 
do, we should have finished testing by today. That means we will roll out 
today or tomorrow, but Louise wants a more developed roll out plan, so that 
might slow things down a bit. Not to make excuses, but we have had some 
serious technical problems with the new release and have had to redesign 
whole parts of the back end of the system. The problem is around how many 
things can be linked to a single product and stack manager performance, 
obviously a serious issue. It has taken us, obviously, a lot longer than we 
thought to fix it. I think there are still some minor issues that we should 
discuss, but they should not get in the way of release.
If you mean by new version, the phase II website version with sexy content, 
we are scheduled (cum grano salis) to roll that out in mid august.
any questions please feel free to call.
-andy
who were you trying to bet on??
John J Lavorato@
11/26/2000 08:55 PM
That's cheap
Andy:
Is the new version of EOL coming out soon.  I'm waiting to put new products 
on until it comes John
I think you're cheating trying to get a fixed amount.... I'll give $1 per 
pin Good luck,
John
Liz M Taylor
07/17/2000 03:57 PM
John,
Please a flat amount.  Don't hold me to pins.  Everyone is giving a flat 
amount.  I'm NOT a bowler.
Liz
John Arnold
07/17/2000 03:56 PM
Is it per game or point or what?
Liz M Taylor
07/17/2000 02:33 PM
Enron/MDA 
Beach Bowl 2000
To Benefit ALS Research
I'm bowling to help "strike out" ALS (Lou Gehrig's disease).  If you have not 
sponsored someone else, I would very much like for you to sponsor me.  The 
event takes place on July 29.  I will need all donations by July 26.
Any donation is greatly appreciated and matched by Enron.
Many Thanks,
Liz
Is it per game or point or what?
Liz M Taylor
07/17/2000 02:33 PM
Enron/MDA 
Beach Bowl 2000
To Benefit ALS Research
I'm bowling to help "strike out" ALS (Lou Gehrig's disease).  If you have not 
sponsored someone else, I would very much like for you to sponsor me.  The 
event takes place on July 29.  I will need all donations by July 26.
Any donation is greatly appreciated and matched by Enron.
Many Thanks,
Liz
Jim:
The list I gave you is a list of brokers that can clear through you, NOT 
brokers that you clear exclusively.  You do not clear any of my brokers 
exclusively.  All trades that clear through you will be done on discretionary 
trade-by trade basis.  You MUST have your floor personnel reverse everything 
they they told my brokers this morning.
I am not happy.
John
Jim:
The following are the authorized floor brokers to accept trades from:
Man
Paribas
SDI
Refco
Carr
the old Fimat group (don't know what their name is now)
Flatt Futures
ABN
Thanks,
John
Frank:
The $5,000,000 extra VAR disappears in about a week.  There MUST be a 
band-aid to the term VAR curve before this expires.  Again, the back of the 
board is realizing 35-60% vol and it's being credited with 15% vol. 
Thanks,
John
Hello:
A recent posting on the Enron bulletin board indicated that you are looking 
for academic tutors.  I may be available to help at nights in math.  Can you 
please respond with details about the program, how old the kids are, the 
commitment required, etc.
Thanks,
John Arnold
Interesting observation...but I'm not sure I agree.   I think consensus 
opinion is that anything under 2.7 TCF is very dangerous entering the 
winter.  A month ago, analysts were predicting we would end the injection 
season with around 2.6 - 2.7 in the ground. With the most recent AGA, those 
projections seem to be closer to 2.7.  With supply of gas very inelastic to 
price in the short and medium term, you must look at the demand side of the 
equation.  The market is trying to price out the right amount of demand 
(mostly through lost industrial load and fuel switching) such that supplies 
will be stored rather than burned.  Each AGA number is another data point as 
to whether nat gas is high enough to price out enough demand to reach a 
comfortable level in storage entering the winter.   A low AGA number 
indicates we haven't priced out enough demand and the market must go up Certainly, the 97 throws a curve in the bull argument, but the number  may be 
a function of very mild weather, a four day holiday weekend, and reporting 
noise rather than indicative of a structural shift in the supply/demand 
equilibrium.  We'll know a lot more as the next two weeks' numbers come out If we get two low injections, watch out.
John,
I think the AGA's are not as important to bulls as to bears.  In the 
beginning of the season, AGA's were  very important in framing the bull 
case.  The current expectation is that we will go into the winter under 
stored.  I don't believe any additional AGA news can significantly change 
that expectation. 
However, I believe Bears, as evidenced today, will feed more heavily off of 
bearish AGA news, than bulls will off bullish AGA news.
At this juncture, I believe that the most potent bullish news has to come 
from the physical market and weather. 
I hope you don't mind me expressing my view point on this issue.
Thanks,
Frank
Frank:
Just following up on two topics.
One: Larry May's book continues to run at a VAR of 2,500,00 despite the fact 
his P&L is never close to that.  Can you check that his exotics book 
positions are being picked up in his VAR calcs.
Second:  Have you looked into applying a band-aid to the understating longer 
term Vol problem until we change formulas?
John
Margaret:
As you can imagine, most information and procedures on the floor are 
extremely confidential.  We look at the gas market uniquely and using 
different tools than anybody else.  It is one of our competitive advantages I'm hesistant to approve the use of any documents for external purposes If you provide more information about what you're trying to show, who the 
target audience is, and what format it will be presented, I may be able to 
help you.
John
Margaret Allen@
07/13/2000 11:09 AM
Did you get this?  My computer registered that it didn't go....delete if you 
already did.
Margaret Allen
07/13/2000 10:45 AM
John,
Please look over this file and let me know if it is okay for us to use it as 
the screen shot that is on all the monitors in the commercial.  Please 
include Ann on your response, as she will be passing it through legal since 
I'm out of the office.
Ann, 
Once he gets this back to you, please run it by Mark Taylor.  If he is okay 
with it, email the final version back to me, because the crew in Toyko needs 
it ASAP 
Thanks!  Margaret
Margaret -- It's critical that you get John Arnold's permission before using 
the attached spreadsheet and graphs.  They contain curves through July 12th Also, you may want to get legal permission from Mark Taylor.
kal
Heather Alon
07/13/2000 09:08 AM
Hi Kal,
Here are some screen shots, let me know if they will work for you.  I think 
we may need to double check with John Arnold- the trader- before using them 
for sure.  But I was told they would be okay 
Heather
Oak -11 or Atl +11 
Bet voided
John J Lavorato@
11/23/2000 09:42 AM
250 per
New England +6
Over 37 1/2 NE/DET
Minn -7 1/2
Buff +3 1/2
Miami +5 1/2
Phil +6 1/2
Clev +16
Chic +7
Oak +11
Jack +3 1/2
Den -3
KC -2
Giants/Ariz over 38
Current 3730
Good job....I've got 10% of my portfolio in CGP.   Keep up the good work.
Tuesday July 11, 5:42 pm Eastern Time
Company Press Release
SOURCE: El Paso Energy Corporation
El Paso Energy Corporation Reports Record Second Quarter Earnings Per Share
HOUSTON, July 11 /PRNewswire/ -- El Paso Energy Corporation (NYSE: EPG
announced second quarter 2000 adjusted diluted earnings per share of $0.69,
an increase of 73 percent over second quarter 1999 adjusted diluted earnings
per share of $0.40. The second quarter 2000 results exclude $0.13 per share
of one-time merger-related items. Diluted average common shares outstanding
for the second quarter 2000 totaled 242 million. Consolidated adjusted
earnings before interest expense and income taxes (EBIT) for the second
quarter increased by 55 percent to $408 million, compared with $263 million
in the year-ago period.
EBIT from the company's non-regulated businesses more than tripled in the
quarter to $246 million, and represented 60 percent of consolidated EBIT.
``Outstanding growth in Merchant Energy and continued strong performance in
our other non-regulated segments produced these record results,'' said
William A. Wise, president and chief executive officer of El Paso Energy
Corporation. ``Reflecting our long-standing strategy of building a portfolio
of flexible gas and power assets, Merchant Energy's earnings continued to
accelerate in the second quarter For the first six months of 2000, adjusted diluted earnings per share
increased 84 percent to $1.40 per share, compared with $0.76 for the first
six months of 1999. Consolidated EBIT for the six months, excluding
non-recurring items, increased 55 percent to $798 million compared with $515
million in the year-ago period.
Second Quarter Business Segment Results
The Merchant Energy segment reported record EBIT of $152 million in the
second quarter 2000, compared with $6 million in the same period last year
and $50 million in the first quarter 2000. The physical and financial gas
and power portfolio developed over the past several years is creating
significant value in the current volatile energy environment. Enhanced
trading opportunities around our asset positions, continued strong wholesale
customer business, and management fees from Project Electron (the company's
off-balance sheet vehicle for power generation investments) all contributed
to the record second-quarter performance.
The Production segment reported a 30-percent increase in second quarter EBIT
to $52 million compared with $40 million a year ago, reflecting higher
realized gas and oil prices and lower operating costs following the
reorganization of its business in 1999. Weighted average realized prices for
the quarter were $2.26 per million cubic feet (MMcf) of natural gas and
$19.21 per barrel of oil, up 12 percent and 29 percent, respectively, from
the year-ago levels. Average natural gas production totaled 512 MMcf per day
and oil production averaged 14,275 barrels per day.
The Field Services segment reported second quarter EBIT of $30 million,
nearly double an adjusted $16 million in 1999. The increase was due
primarily to higher realized gathering and processing margins, together with
the acquisition of an interest in the Indian Basin processing plant in March
2000. Second quarter gathering and treating volumes averaged 4.1 trillion
Btu per day (TBtu/d), while processing volumes averaged 1.1 TBtu/d.
Coming out of one of the warmest winters on record, the Natural Gas
Transmission segment reported second quarter EBIT of $190 million compared
with an adjusted $187 million a year ago, reflecting the realization of cost
savings from the Sonat merger. Overall system throughput averaged 11.3
TBtu/d. During the quarter, Southern Natural Gas received Federal Energy
Regulatory Commission approval of its comprehensive rate case settlement
filed in March.
The International segment reported second quarter EBIT of $12 million
compared with $16 million in 1999. Higher equity income from projects in
Brazil and Argentina largely offset lower equity earnings from the company's
investment in the Philippines.
Telecom Update
``We have made substantial progress in the development of our
telecommunications business, El Paso Global Networks,'' said William A.
Wise. ``Reflecting our market-centric approach to developing new businesses,
we have named Greg G. Jenkins, the current president of El Paso Merchant
Energy, to head our telecommunications business. Our expertise in building
businesses in rapidly commoditizing markets, as demonstrated by our Merchant
Energy success, provides us with a key competitive entry point in the
telecommunications marketplace Quarterly Dividend
The Board of Directors declared a quarterly dividend of $0.206 per share on
the company's outstanding common stock. The dividend will be payable October
2, 2000 to shareholders of record as of the close of business on September
1, 2000. There were 237,786,853 outstanding shares of common stock entitled
to receive dividends as of June 30, 2000.
With over $19 billion in assets, El Paso Energy Corporation provides
comprehensive energy solutions through its strategic business units:
Tennessee Gas Pipeline Company, El Paso Natural Gas Company, Southern
Natural Gas Company, El Paso Merchant Energy Company, El Paso Energy
International Company, El Paso Field Services Company, and El Paso
Production Company. The company owns North America's largest natural gas
pipeline system, both in terms of throughput and miles of pipeline, and has
operations in natural gas transmission, merchant energy services, power
generation, international project development, gas gathering and processing,
and gas and oil production. On May 5, the stockholders of both El Paso
Energy and The Coastal Corporation overwhelmingly voted in favor of merging
the two organizations. The combined company will have assets of $35 billion
and be one of the world's leading integrated energy companies. The merger is
expected to close in the fourth quarter of this year, concurrent with the
completion of regulatory reviews. Visit El Paso Energy's web site at
www.epenergy.com Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements
This release includes forward-looking statements and projections, made in
reliance on the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation
Reform Act of 1995. The company has made every reasonable effort to ensure
that the information and assumptions on which these statements and
projections are based are current, reasonable, and complete. However, a
variety of factors could cause actual results to differ materially from the
projections, anticipated results or other expectations expressed in this
release. While the company makes these statements and projections in good
faith, neither the company nor its management can guarantee that the
anticipated future results will be achieved. Reference should be made to the
company's (and its affiliates') Securities and Exchange Commission filings
for additional important factors that may affect actual results.
EL PASO ENERGY CORPORATION
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF INCOME
(In Millions, Except per Share Amounts)
(UNAUDITED)
Second Quarter Ended   Six Months Ended
June 30,             June 30,
2000      1999      2000      1999
Operating revenues                $4,227    $2,597    $7,333    $4,875
Operating expenses
Cost of gas and other products    3,451     1,949     5,829     3,590
Operation and maintenance           226       223       436       469
Merger related costs
and asset impairment charges        46       131        46       135
Ceiling test charges                        ---       352
Depreciation, depletion,
and amortization                   148       141       293       289
Taxes, other than income taxes       36        36        77        76
3,907     2,480     6,681     4,911
Operating income (loss)              320       117       652       (36)
Equity earnings and other income      42        64       100       113
Earnings before interest expense,
income taxes, and other charges     362       181       752        77
Interest and debt expense            127       110       250       212
Minority interest                     27         4        49         8
Income (loss) before income
taxes and other charges             208        67       453      (143)
Income tax expense (benefit)          68        23       142       (52)
Preferred stock dividends
of subsidiary                         6         6        12        12
Income (loss) before extraordinary
items and cumulative effect
of accounting change                134        38       299      (103)
Extraordinary Items, net
of income taxes                              89 
Cumulative effect of accounting
change, net of income taxes                 ---       (13)
Net income (loss)                   $134       $38      $388     $(116)
Diluted earnings (loss)
per common share:
Adjusted diluted earnings
per common share (a)            $0.69     $0.40     $1.40     $0.76
Extraordinary items                       0.37       Cumulative effect
of accounting change                      ---     (0.06)
Merger related costs,
asset impairment, and other
non-recurring charges          (0.13)    (0.36)    (0.13)    (0.36)
Ceiling test charges                       ---     (0.94)
Gain on sale of assets                    0.05
Resolution of regulatory issues           0.08
Proforma diluted earnings (loss)
per common share                $0.56     $0.17     $1.64
$(0.47)(b)
Reported diluted earnings (loss)
per common share                $0.56     $0.17     $1.64
$(0.51)(b)
Basic average common shares
outstanding (000's)             229,539   226,877   229,064   226,471
Diluted average common shares
outstanding (000's)            241,710   237,955   240,117   237,161
(a) Adjusted diluted earnings per common share represents diluted
earnings
per share before the impact of certain non-recurring charges.
Second
quarter 2000 results exclude merger related charges of $(46) million
pretax, or $(31) million aftertax.  Second quarter 1999 results
exclude merger related charges of  $(131) million pretax, or
$(86) million aftertax, a gain on sale of assets of $19 million
pretax, or $12 million aftertax, and the resolution of regulatory
issues of $30 million pretax, or $20 million aftertax.  Year-to-date
2000 results exclude the extraordinary gain on the sale of the East
Tennessee and Sea Robin systems of $89 million aftertax and merger
related charges of $(46) million pretax, or $(31) million aftertax.
Year-to-date 1999 results exclude the cumulative effect of an
accounting change of $(13) million aftertax, merger related charges
of
$(135) million pretax, or $(86) million aftertax, ceiling test
charges
of $(352) million pretax, or $(222) million aftertax, a gain on sale
of assets of $19 million pretax, or $12 million aftertax, and the
resolution of regulatory issues of $30 million pretax, or $19
million
aftertax.
(b) Proforma diluted loss per common share reflects reported diluted
earnings per share but assumes dilution.  Reported diluted loss per
common share does not assume dilution because dilution would reduce
the amount of loss per share.
SOURCE: El Paso Energy Corporation
Per:
Can you give the Campbell fund read-only access to EOL.  It may speed up the 
process if they see they can trade pre-market.
John
I spoke to Vlady this afternoon regarding the alternative VAR methodologies I think changing to a Riskmetrics historical VAR system is more defendable 
and objective, will provide more consistent results, and will create more 
realistic results.  I understand Vince has a similar opinion John.
8 pm to 2 am
Gregory Carraway@
07/10/2000 04:32 PM
What time do the festivities begin?
Greg's always on vacation.  You need to teach him some work habits.  Next 
Tuesday will work John
Liz M Taylor
07/10/2000 02:57 PM
Hi John!
Greg and Mary are on vacation this week in Germany.  May I put you on the 
calendar for Tuesday of next week?  Greg will travel to Philly on Monday.
Liz
John Arnold
07/10/2000 12:36 PM
Hey,
Can Greg fit me in for about 30 minutes tomorrow afternoon?
--- Your secret admirer
I'll send 2 invites up.  What's your location?
Gregory Carraway@
07/10/2000 02:36 PM
Thank you for the invitation. I would love to attend. I would like to invite 
my wife, if that would be ok. Also, could you tell me where the Mercantile 
bar is located? Thank you 
I'm free from 4:00-5:00 today
John,
Per your and Jeff's request, Research and Market Risk Groups have conducted 
an extensive analysis of the forward-forward vol methodology used in the 
Value-at-Risk calculation. 
We analyzed and compared two methodologies: 
the existing methodology - based on forward (implied) vols
an alternative methodology - based on historical vols
I would like to schedule about 30 minutes to walk you through the pros and 
cons of each methodology and get your input.
Vlady.
Hello,
Bill Perkins of Small Ventures USA is having a party this Saturday at the 
Mercantile bar downtown.  He has rented out the place, has a band, open 
bar...  usually pretty fun.  He asked me to give both of you an invite in 
appreciation of the work you've done for him.   If you have interest, ccmail 
me with whether you need one or two invites each.
John
Hey,
Can Greg fit me in for about 30 minutes tomorrow afternoon?
--- Your secret admirer
Per:
I've talked to him several times in the past.  I told him that you would call 
because of your experience with setting up funds.  They have two main 
problems.   One is setting up their internal systems.  Second, they have 
credit problems with a BBB+.
Please call and introduce yourself.
Thanks,
john 
John, did you answer him or should I respond? Per
John Arnold
06/26/2000 05:18 PM
Steve List  
adams 30  631
world cup 2006  --  Germany 
BOO!
Dinner tonite....birthday boy 
Please top level the following P&L out of my book because the market settled 
limit down.
End of day position Amount settle was off in my estimation  Total amount 
V0  -1700   -.035     595,000
X0  6400   -.025     -1,6000,000 Z0  -1450   -.020     290,000 
F1  4750   -.015     -712,500
-1,427,500
How about 4:00 
Andy Zipper@
06/30/2000 05:02 PM
Pick a time on Wednesday to come by and take a look at the Options manager.
Have a good 4th.
-andy
Andy:
Sorry...I was on vacation last week and fell behind my email.   Anytime you 
want to talk is fine.  I'll be around today if it works for you.
john
Andy Zipper@
06/16/2000 11:48 AM
john,
I'd like the chance to review some assumptions re: options manager ( yes, we 
are still on schedule) with you as well as discuss some other issues related 
to putting Enron's prices on other platforms. some time on monday would work 
best for me. Let me know.
andy
Steve:
Good hearing from you.  Hope all is going well.  I gave your name to Per 
Sekse in our New York office.  He deals with a couple hedge funds we 
currently do business with and has addressed some of the obstacles that we 
face with other counterparties.  He is on vacation this week but will call 
next week.  If you have any problems or concerns, feel free to call John
Steve List  
euro 2004 in portugal
Hey Liz,
Thanks for letting me use the phone.  A real life-saver.
My brother had a Nokia world phone on the trip and it seemed to work 
better.   It got reception some places where mine did not and is more 
user-friendly.
On a different topic...Greg talked me into upgrading to first class for a 
flight in December to Australia.  He talked me into it by agreeing to pay for 
half.   Cliff found it funny and agreed to pay for the other half.  I haven't 
expensed it yet so I'm having Barbara send it on Thanks,
John
Liz M Taylor
06/28/2000 09:27 AM
John,
We are testing the Nextel phone for company usage.  What did you think of the 
phone?
Liz
Steve List  
Thank you very,very much Love you,
John
Liz M Taylor
06/15/2000 10:19 AM
Ina,
Because Johnny is my favorite trader, he can use my world phone.  What time 
is he leaving tomorrow?  How long will he be gone?  I'll get everything to 
you late this afternoon 
Many Thanks,
Liz
Ina Rangel
06/15/2000 09:41 AM
I NEED YOUR HELP IF AT ALL POSSIBLE.  JOHN ARNOLD IS TRAVELING TO EUROPE 
TOMMORROW AND HAS ASKED ME TO GET HIM A WORLD PHONE.  I CALLED NEXTEL, 
HOUSTON CELLULAR AND GTE. NOONE CAN HELP ME WITH THIS BY TOMMORROW.  IF I 
REMEMBER YOU SAID YOU TURNED OFF THE PHONES YOU HAD.  DO YOU HAVE ANY 
SUGGESTIONS? ANY ADVICE?
-INA
adams bot 1/2 6365
84
michael.byrne@americas.bnpparibas.com on 06/14/2000 07:02:32 AM
Good Morning,
Just a reminder to get your AGA estimates in by Noon EST (11:00 CST) TODAY.
Last Year      +63
Thanks,
Michael Byrne
Paribas Futures
Ce message est confidentiel ; son contenu ne represente en aucun cas un
engagement de la part de BNP PARIBAS sous reserve de tout accord conclu par
ecrit entre vous et BNP PARIBAS. Toute publication, utilisation ou
diffusion, meme partielle, doit etre autorisee prealablement. Si vous
n'etes pas destinataire de ce message, merci d'en avertir immediatement
l'expediteur.
Vlady Can I  add 3 more portfolios:
1.     +1000 July 2003 Chicago Basis 
- 1000 July 2003 Panhandle Basis
2.     +1000 June Henry Hub Cash
3.      +1000 June Henry Hub Cash
- 1000 July Futures
Thanks,
John  
John,
2. Do you assume at-the-money straddles? If not, please give us deltas and 
gammas. See you at 5:30 tomorrow. Vlady.
John Arnold
06/12/2000 08:47 AM
Vlady:
In preparation for our discussion tomorrow, can you run VAR numbers for some 
mini-portfolios:
Portfolio 1.   +1000 November Nymex
-1000 December Nymex
2.     -1000 July Nymex Straddles
3.     +1000 July 2002 Nymex
4.     +1000 July 2002 Nymex
- 1000 August 2002 Nymex
5.     +1000 July Socal Basis
6.     +1000 July Chicago Basis
-1000 July Michcon Basis
7.     +1000 July Henry Hub Index
8.     +1000 July 2003 Chicago Basis
Again, these are separate portfolios.  I'm trying to check that the VAR 
numbers make logical sense Thanks,
John 
yes
John,
2. Do you assume at-the-money straddles? If not, please give us deltas and 
gammas. See you at 5:30 tomorrow. Vlady.
John Arnold
06/12/2000 08:47 AM
Vlady:
In preparation for our discussion tomorrow, can you run VAR numbers for some 
mini-portfolios:
Portfolio 1.   +1000 November Nymex
-1000 December Nymex
2.     -1000 July Nymex Straddles
3.     +1000 July 2002 Nymex
4.     +1000 July 2002 Nymex
- 1000 August 2002 Nymex
5.     +1000 July Socal Basis
6.     +1000 July Chicago Basis
-1000 July Michcon Basis
7.     +1000 July Henry Hub Index
8.     +1000 July 2003 Chicago Basis
Again, these are separate portfolios.  I'm trying to check that the VAR 
numbers make logical sense Thanks,
John 
Vlady:
In preparation for our discussion tomorrow, can you run VAR numbers for some 
mini-portfolios:
Portfolio 1.   +1000 November Nymex
-1000 December Nymex
2.     -1000 July Nymex Straddles
3.     +1000 July 2002 Nymex
4.     +1000 July 2002 Nymex
- 1000 August 2002 Nymex
5.     +1000 July Socal Basis
6.     +1000 July Chicago Basis
-1000 July Michcon Basis
7.     +1000 July Henry Hub Index
8.     +1000 July 2003 Chicago Basis
Again, these are separate portfolios.  I'm trying to check that the VAR 
numbers make logical sense Thanks,
John 
Tickets requisitioned for England/Germany.  $1500 
Tanya Tamarchenko
06/07/2000 08:33 AM
Hi, John,
following up the discussion with you on Friday we talked with Risk Control 
people who are not excited to use that FF vol curve
you sent to me. Also in order to use your curves we would have to have them 
for all the locations.
The suggested alternative solution was to calculate the Forward Forward vol 
curves from historical data.
I implemented this solution based on 18 last business days forward price 
curves for NG and 
all basis locations. I used exponential weights with 0.97 decay factor.
I enclose these curves in the spreadsheet below. And here are the VAR numbers 
based on these curves:
5/30/00  5/31/00
AGG-STORAGE (production) 3,027,000  4,516,000
AGG-STORAGE (test, 0.97)  2,858,543  3,011,761
AGG-GAS        (production) 36,627,200  40,725,685
AGG-GAS       (test, 0.97)  29,439,969  31,207,225
You see that the numbers are stable, lower than the official numbers. 
I suggest that we use 0.94 decay factor as recommended by Risk Metrics which 
would give more weight to recent data.
We need to test this approach for a period of time and also to collect 
backtesting data for an educated choice of decay factor.
Tanya.
John Arnold
06/07/2000 07:40 AM
Tanya:
On Friday I emailed a new vol curve to use for VAR testing.  I was under the 
impression that you could apply this vol curve to the price book and storage 
book and have a new experimental VAR number by Monday. I have not received 
any response.  Please reply with status of this project.
John
Tanya:
On Friday I emailed a new vol curve to use for VAR testing.  I was under the 
impression that you could apply this vol curve to the price book and storage 
book and have a new experimental VAR number by Monday. I have not received 
any response.  Please reply with status of this project.
John
Please use this vol curve for a dry run to figure out var for my book, NG 
price, and Jim's book, Storage, and communicate the results.  Thanks,John
Can we meet at 5:00 today?
Let's meet at 4:00.
Vince J Kaminski
06/01/2000 09:19 AM
John,
We have  been working for the last few days on VaR related issues.
The focus is on Jim Schwieger's  storage book as of 5/25 and 5/26
where we had some counterintuitive results. This book is a good
candidate for a systematic review of the VaR process.
It seems that the problem arises from forward - forward vols used by the VaR 
system. You can see in the attached spreadsheet that the VaR, on a cumulative 
basis,
jumps on Jan 04, when an abnormal FF vol hits a relatively large position.
This FF vol is also much different from the previous day number producing a 
big
jump in VaR.
This row (Jan 04) is in magenta font in the attached spreadsheet. Please, look
at column D.
The abnormal FF vol may result from one of the two factors:
a. a bug in the code. We are working with the person in IT who wrote the
code to review it.
b. a poorly conditioned forward vol curve ( a kink or discontinuity in
the fwd vol curve will do it). One solution I can 
propose, is to develop for
the traders a fwd-fwd vol generator  allowing them to 
review the fwd vol curve
before it is posted. If it produces a weird fwd-fwd vol it can be smoothed.
Can you meet at 4 p.m. to review our findings?
Vince
Hey:
Hope you're enjoying the Holidays.   I don't have your cell phone #, so call 
me if you get bored this week.  Sorry I didn't return your call Monday.  I'll 
be in the Big D.  You can reach me on my cell or, better yet, at 972 934 3440.
Adios amigos:
John
Dear Member,
As requested we have cancelled your portfolio tracker emails.
If there is any other way we can assist you, please feel free to let us know.
For rapid response to your e-mail questions, please incluce a brief 
description
of the problem in the subject line of your message.
Sincerely,
Customer Support
Stephen L.
Please do not send these emails anymore.  I am not Jennifer Arnold
Portfolio Tracker  
Please respond to websupport@moneynet.com
IMPORTANT MESSAGE FOR ALL INFOSEEK PORTFOLIO TRACKER USER'S
The Infoseek Portfolio Tracker service provided by Reuters Investor is no
longer accessible directly from the Infoseek Personal Finance page.  However,
your Portfolio and all associated financial content will continue to be
accessible by going directly to the following web site address (URL):
By entering this exact URL (case sensitive) in your browser software location
box and hitting return, you will be able to access your Portfolio as before.
We suggest you then bookmark this page for future access to your Portfolio.
The Portfolio service will continue to be available to you in the future,
although you may notice changes in the page format in the next several weeks.
Thank you for your patience, and we're glad to be able to support your
financial content needs.
Portfolio: Invest
Stocks:
Symbol   Description            Last    Change    Volume     Date    Time
BMCS     BMC SOFTWARE        42 1/16     +9/16   1.1978M 05/26/2000 16:01
ENE      ENRON CORP         69 15/16    +15/16   1.4117M 05/26/2000 16:11
PCTL     PICTURETEL CP        2.9375    -0.125    328900 05/26/2000 15:59
WCOM     WORLDCOM INC        37 3/16     -7/16  13.0533M 05/26/2000 16:01
NEWS for Portfolio: Invest
05/29/2000 12:12 UPDATE 3-Spanish market braces for new bids for Cantabrico
05/29/2000 13:18 WorldCom and Sprint face EU merger hearing
05/29/2000 02:34 RPT-France Tel to unveil $46 bln Orange buy on Tuesday
05/29/2000 00:31 RESEARCH ALERT-Phillip keeps Shin Sat 
Market Update
If you have questions, comments, or problems with your Portfolio Tracker
E-mail, send E-mail to websupport@moneynet.com.
Stupid taxes
Bill White@
05/30/2000 04:52 PM
Remember we were trying to figure out the difference in return between tax 
free investment growth and annually-taxed investment growth?  Turns out that 
it is different, but over 5 years and a 10% growth rate, it doesn't amount to 
much more than the cost of our beer tab.  See attached.
Portfolio Tracker  Please respond to websupport@moneynet.com
IMPORTANT MESSAGE FOR ALL INFOSEEK PORTFOLIO TRACKER USER'S
The Infoseek Portfolio Tracker service provided by Reuters Investor is no
longer accessible directly from the Infoseek Personal Finance page.  However,
your Portfolio and all associated financial content will continue to be
accessible by going directly to the following web site address (URL):
By entering this exact URL (case sensitive) in your browser software location
box and hitting return, you will be able to access your Portfolio as before.
We suggest you then bookmark this page for future access to your Portfolio.
The Portfolio service will continue to be available to you in the future,
although you may notice changes in the page format in the next several weeks.
Thank you for your patience, and we're glad to be able to support your
financial content needs.
Portfolio: Invest
Stocks:
Symbol   Description            Last    Change    Volume     Date    Time
BMCS     BMC SOFTWARE        44 3/16    +2 1/8   1.9504M 05/30/2000 16:01
ENE      ENRON CORP           69 7/8     +1/16   1.2943M 05/30/2000 16:02
PCTL     PICTURETEL CP        2.9375         0    255800 05/30/2000 15:59
WCOM     WORLDCOM INC        38 1/16      +7/8  22.2777M 05/30/2000 16:01
NEWS for Portfolio: Invest
05/30/2000 10:27 Enron and Prudential Sign Long-Term Energy Management 
Agreemen
05/30/2000 17:49 CORRECTED - Nasdaq rises on optimism over interest rates -2-
05/30/2000 15:11 KLLM investor gets 2% of shrs, extends tender offer
05/30/2000 15:09 WorldCom/Sprint say EU should clear merger
05/30/2000 13:20 UPDATE 1-INTERVIEW-Swisscom-still time to find partners
05/30/2000 10:42 UPDATE 2-BT told to offer wholesale unmetered Internet access
Market Update
If you have questions, comments, or problems with your Portfolio Tracker
E-mail, send E-mail to websupport@moneynet.com.
Please do not send these emails anymore.  I am not Jennifer Arnold
Portfolio Tracker  Please respond to websupport@moneynet.com
IMPORTANT MESSAGE FOR ALL INFOSEEK PORTFOLIO TRACKER USER'S
The Infoseek Portfolio Tracker service provided by Reuters Investor is no
longer accessible directly from the Infoseek Personal Finance page.  However,
your Portfolio and all associated financial content will continue to be
accessible by going directly to the following web site address (URL):
By entering this exact URL (case sensitive) in your browser software location
box and hitting return, you will be able to access your Portfolio as before.
We suggest you then bookmark this page for future access to your Portfolio.
The Portfolio service will continue to be available to you in the future,
although you may notice changes in the page format in the next several weeks.
Thank you for your patience, and we're glad to be able to support your
financial content needs.
Portfolio: Invest
Stocks:
Symbol   Description            Last    Change    Volume     Date    Time
BMCS     BMC SOFTWARE        42 1/16     +9/16   1.1978M 05/26/2000 16:01
ENE      ENRON CORP         69 15/16    +15/16   1.4117M 05/26/2000 16:11
PCTL     PICTURETEL CP        2.9375    -0.125    328900 05/26/2000 15:59
WCOM     WORLDCOM INC        37 3/16     -7/16  13.0533M 05/26/2000 16:01
NEWS for Portfolio: Invest
05/29/2000 12:12 UPDATE 3-Spanish market braces for new bids for Cantabrico
05/29/2000 13:18 WorldCom and Sprint face EU merger hearing
05/29/2000 02:34 RPT-France Tel to unveil $46 bln Orange buy on Tuesday
05/29/2000 00:31 RESEARCH ALERT-Phillip keeps Shin Sat 
Market Update
If you have questions, comments, or problems with your Portfolio Tracker
E-mail, send E-mail to websupport@moneynet.com.
Kevin:
Come by Tuesday between 5:00-5:30 if you still want to see the new 
spreadsheet.  However, it may be more valuable to talk to Dutch Quigley, who 
runs my risk, as he built the system and understands the vertical integration 
better.
John
Please take me off your mailing list
John Arnold
05/22/2000 04:23 PM
Doug:
To confirm the pricing of the LNG dela::
I can show a $3.01 bid for the Nymex portion of 160,000 mmbtu/day for the 
time period Jan 2003-Dec 2014.  The bid on Henry Hub basis for same time 
period is -$.0025 resulting in fix price of $3.0075; the bid on Sonat basis 
is -$.0175 translating into a bid of $2.9925.
Notional volume = 70,128 contracts.
PV volume = 37,658 contracts.
Exposure per $.01 move = $3,760,000
John
Doug:
To confirm the pricing of the LNG dela::
I can show a $3.01 bid for the Nymex portion of 160,000 mmbtu/day for the 
time period Jan 2003-Dec 2014.  The bid on Henry Hub basis for same time 
period is -$.0025 resulting in fix price of $3.0075; the bid on Sonat basis 
is -$.0175 translating into a bid of $2.9925.
Notional volume = 70,128 contracts.
PV volume = 37,658 contracts.
Exposure per $.01 move = $3,760,000
John
Hey, I just got your email.
Call anytime after 4:00.
Obviously, I don't read my email very often
Please stop sending emails to jennifer_arnold to the following email address: 
jarnold@. 
You have the wrong person
eat shit
John J Lavorato@
11/18/2000 01:01 PM
Football bets 200 each
Minn -9.5
Buff +2.5
Phil -7
Indi -4.5
Cinnci +7
Det +6
clev +16
Den +9.5
Dall +7.5
Jack +3.5
Jeff:
Sorry for my cryptic answer in   to the LNG deal on Friday; I was a bit 
confused by the question. 
In terms of the gas pricing, this is a deal that should be done.  Market 
conditions are very conducive to hedging a fair amount of the gas Obviously, a deal this size would require Enron to wear a considerable amount 
of the risk in the short term, but the risk-reward of the position looks very 
favorable.
I am certainly willing to sign off on this deal around the $3.00 level.
John
Andy:
The problem if we limit the size on options to being what size is offered on 
the swap hedge, we will not be able to offer adequate size on the options Optimally, I think we want to offer a minimum size of 100 across all 
strikes.  If the swap is 4/4.5, one a day up, and someone buys half a day, 
making the market, 4/4.5 one a day by half a day, the size offered on a 10 
cent out of the money call might be as low as 30 contracts, a much smaller 
size than most people want to trade.  If we restrict to strikes with a lower 
delta, we face the problem of not offering enough strikes and not making a 
market in options that have open EOL interest that have moved closer to the 
money Maybe the answer is to assume the swap hedge to be a penny wide two way 
wrapped around the EOL swap mid market.  Thus if the front swap on EOL is 
4/4.5 one a day by half a day,  the input into the option calculator is 
3.75/4.75, 100 up.  In this case I think 100 is necessary because once a 
strike has open interest, we must continue to support it.  Thus I anticipate 
having to make markets in deep itm options as the market moves.
In terms of straddle strikes, I think the edge received from buying straddles 
struck on the EOL offer and vice-versa is not big enough to compensate for 
what I think the industry will view as a scam and another way Enron is trying 
to rip people off.  Although striking on the mid-market is probably easier 
for the trader, I actually think striking in five cent increments makes more 
sense.  It allows people to trade out of the position on EOL.  Whereas if 
someone buys the 3085 straddle and the market moves to 3200, they have to 
call ENE to close the trade.  If the trade is struck at 3100, we will have a 
market on both the 3100 call and put at all times.  Secondly, I would 
anticipate non-volatility driven option traders may elect to sell either just 
the put or call in this scenario depending on their view of market direction.
Andy:
Just a couple of quick items that need to be addressed.  First, what happens 
if the delta of the option is greater than the size of the hedge offered on 
EOL?  Second, what strike are straddles traded at.  Are they set at the 
nearest 5 cent interval or are they mid-market of the EOL quote?
Thanks for taking me in last night.  Sorry about being drunk and stinky My cab, that we called at 6:10, showed up at 7:02.  I was so pissed 
Dutch:
The increase in position and subsequent position limit violation was due to 
two factors.  First, a long position was moved into the long-term exotics 
book due to the nature of the position.  I am currently using the ltx to hold 
longer-term strategic positions.  The large increase in position is a 
reflection of my view of the market. 
Second, a large customer transaction originated by Fred Lagrasta's group was 
transacted at the end of the day Monday and was not able to be hedged until 
this morning.  Hence a large position increase occurred for yesterday's 
position and a corresponding decrease occurred today.
John
John,
Several months ago we talked about the development of an option analysis tool 
that could be used to stress test positions under various scenarios as a 
supplement to our V@R analysis.  We have recently completed the project and 
would like to solicit your feedback on the report results.
We have selected your NG price position for April 4, 2000 (POST-ID  753650) 
for the initial analysis.  Attached in the excel file below you will find:
Analysis across the various forward months in your position 
Underlying vs. Greeks, theoretical P&L 
Volatility vs. Greeks, theoretical P&L
Time change vs. Greeks, theoretical P&L
Summary of your Overall Position analysis
Underlying vs. Greeks, theoretical P&L 
Volatility vs. Greeks, theoretical P&L
Time change vs. Greeks, theoretical P&L
Multiple Stress Analysis
The attached Word document demonstrates the multiple stress choices.  I have 
included a tab in the excel file that demonstrates the theoretical P/L 
resulting from shifts in both volatility and underlying price 
Please note that the percentage changes across the column headers are not in 
absolute terms (for example, if the ATM volatility in a given month is 40% 
and the stress is -10% then the analysis is performed under a volatility 
scenario of 36%)
Thanks,
Rudi
call me if you're in town this weeekend
nope...your loss though
Hey:
Any good set of 4 available for Sunday's game
are you sure...have you ever been to bon coupe before
don't knock it till tou try it
i assume means carrying equity positions, which of course the line would not 
be used for.
john
Sarah Wesner@
11/20/2000 12:47 PM
John - the FIMAT loan agreeemnt will prohibit ENE from using loan proceeds as 
follows:
No part of the proceeds of any Advance hereunder will be used for 
"purchasing" or "carrying" any "margin stock" within the respective meanings 
of each of the quoted terms under Regulation U of the Board of Governors of 
the Federal Reserve System as now and from time to time hereafter in effect.
Do you know whether you engage in purchasing or carrying margin stock?  I 
will check with legal as well 
Sarah
2 options:
Either we leave from work and you watch me get a haircut for 20 minutes or I pick you up around 6:30 
Hello Despite my thoughts, you like baseball.   So the question is do you like art  
(as in musuems I'm leaning towards yes but don't know for sure.
Please approve Larry May for a trader id on EOL for "pipe options" book for 
US gas.
Thanks,
John
3-3230
Andy:
This past weekend we released a new version  of the EOL software that, 
unfortunately, had a bug.  The effect was to lengthen the time delay between 
numbers changing and when they would show up on the internet to an 
unacceptable level that increased the number of failed trades.  We made the 
decision to take some of the more volatile products temporarily offline until 
the fix could be made.  I do not anticipate this to be a concern going 
forward.  Thanks for the feedback.
John Arnold
Please approve.
Larry May@
04/04/2000 10:10 AM
John, could you forward this message with your approval to   Enron IT 
Purchasing.
Would you please order a new computer for :
Larry May
Company # 413
rc# 0235
Location 3221c
As discussed with Hank Zhang,  I would like to order a SP700 with 512 mbytes 
RAM
Thnks
Larry May
3 6731
i am free to talk this afternoon if you want
call me when you get this
I am changing the way the curve is generated starting in Jan 2004 to better 
replicate seasonal fundamentals.  There are convincing arguments as to why 
the summer/winter spreads should tighten over time.  However, in the previous 
methodology they blew out.  For instance summer/winter in Cal 3 was .232 
while Cal 10 was .256 I have added a seasonality dampening function that both contracts the 
summer/winter spread and applies a premium to the electric load demand months 
of July and August over time.
The formula for the curve remains the same except for a premium lookup for 
the month as well as for the year.  These premiums are as follows:
Jan  -.008
Feb -.004
Mar -.001
Apr .002
May .003
Jun .004
Jul .004
Aug .004
Sep .003
Oct .002
Nov -.003
Dec -.006
These premiums start in Jan 2004
On Wednesday Jan 2003 settled 2.959,  the 3/4 spread was marked at .0375, the 
4/5 spread was marked at .0475 In the old methodology
Jan 2003  = 2.959
Jan 2004  = 2.959 + .0375 = 2.9965
Jan 2005  =          2.9965 + .0475 = 3.044
In the new methodology
Jan 2003  = 2.959
Jan 2004  = 2.959 + .0375 - .008 =2.9885
Jan 2005  = 2.9885 + .0475 -.008 = 3.028
The only change in the formula is from:
Month x = Month (x- 1 year) + lookup on year on year table
to
Month x = Month (x- 1 year) + lookup on year on year table + lookup on month 
premium table
The seasonality premiums will change over time and I will let you know when I 
change them
I am free at 3:30 on Thursday at my desk.
sounds good
Hey:
Haven't had the best of months.  Like you had some good positions but others 
wiped out everything.  Unbelievable how the whole curve moves as one for 6 
months and then separates completely.  The z/f/g and f/g/h flies are 
amazing.  Something definitely out of whack.  Hard to believe cash in Z will 
be cantango to F and front spread, F/G, will be 40.  Spreads definitely 
implying we will see some $10+ prints on daily cash at the hub this winter Hell, already seeing it in the West.  The system is just broken there interesting to see if it is a sign of what can come in the east later definitely more flexibility in the east so the blowouts won't occur until 
latter part of the winter.   the inelasticity of demand continues to be 
unbelievable.  who would have thunk it.   Gas can be 3 times what it was one 
year ago and not a significant loss of demand market definitely trained to buy the dips at this point.  continues to be a 
very trending market.  most days finish on the intraday high or low Pira told the boys to hedge jv and cal 2 and the impact has been 
significant.  i quote bids on term strips 5 times a day.   understand they 
are changing their view somewhat tomorrow.  wait and see if it relieves some 
back pressure.  very surprised at lack of spec long interest in jv at 4.5 
considering the scenario that's being painted 
slafontaine@globalp.com on 11/21/2000 01:06:40 PM
johnny, hope things re treating you well. this month has been frustrating for
me-generally caught many mkt moves but had 2 postions that nearly cancelled 
all
the rest. im finding it really really hard to assess risk now in oil and gas
therefore im taking a step back esp in front of holidays and year end. was 
long
mar gas vs backs which worked great but i took profits waayyy too early
flat px i think is pretty clear-if weather stays normal to below we keep a
flaoor at 5.80-6.00 bucks for another 40 days at least. if we have sustained
aboves we drop like a rock in part due to back en d pressure.
but spreads-what the hell do we do with em?????????? was just saying to 
mark
silverman there is a huge opportunity here staring us in the face but i hve no
idea what it is-i have equal arguements for why sprds shud fall or move out. 
any
great insites? hope all is well and enjoy the long weeknd-we both deserve it.
guess the curve will stop blowing out when/if we see the back end selling 
dry
up??
My brother was coming back from London to go so I went out and paid a fortune 
from a scalper for two 
I really do appreciate it though..
club seats extra wide extra leg room  extra waitresses  
sec 222  row 2
I'm in.
John Arnold
03/27/2000 08:54 AM
lyle lovett national anthem  
nolan ryan first pitch
dwight gooden first real pitch
7:00 game  
can you let me know tomorrow??
lyle lovett national anthem  
nolan ryan first pitch
dwight gooden first real pitch
Hello:
I just wanted to arrange to meet for the Astros tickets.
I work and live downtown My cell phone number is 713-557-3330 Thanks,
John
i just had the whole it staff up here.
I just got two good tickets to Thursday's Astros/Yankees game
hey:
when are you back in town??
Hey :
Just wanted to see if you're doing anything tonight Any interest in getting dinner?
John
Hello:
It is the Blue Men Group.  Two friends highly recommend it.  It's in the 
Astor Theatre on Lafayette in the Village.
43rd should be good.  I think you woul dhave had more flavor in Harlem though
I've been tasked with getting tickets to a show.  Was it 'Blue Men Group'
that you recommended we see?  And Michelle lives on W43rd, so it's not
as bad as you thought.
___________________________________________________________________
To get your own FREE ZDNet Onebox - FREE voicemail, email, and fax,
all in one place - sign up today at  
Please grant Steven Vu execution privileges on EOL
John Arnold
Pleas approve Tricia's request to become an authorized EOL trader
ok
maine impossible to get to ..    next idea?
maine impossible to get to...next option?
mark:
what are your thoughts on crude and gasoline?
Latest natural report
- ng051301.doc
most bullish thing at this point is moving closer to everyone's
psychological $4 price target and that everybody and their dog is still
short.  next sellers need to be from producer community.  saw a little this
week with williams hedging the barrett transaction but wouldnt say thats
indicative of the rest of the e&p community.  short covering rallies will
get more common here.  velocity of move down has slowed significantly for
good (except maybe in bid week).  my concern is if we go to $4 and people
want to cover some shorts, who's selling it to them?  might feel a lot like
it did when we were trying to break $5.
most bullish thing at this point is moving closer to everyone's
psychological $4 price target and that everybody and their dog is still
short.  next sellers need to be from producer community.  saw a little this
week with williams hedging the barrett transaction but wouldnt say thats
indicative of the rest of the e&p community.  short covering rallies will
get more common here.  velocity of move down has slowed significantly for
good (except maybe in bid week).  my concern is if we go to $4 and people
want to cover some shorts, who's selling it to them?  might feel a lot like
it did when we were trying to break $5.
yea
nevermind.  are you at work?
huh?
Please respond to  
No english?  i got the math.
probability payout    1 heads                                            .5        0    = 0
tails       2 heads                                  .25       1
= .25
tails      3 heads                        .125           2
= .25
tails       4 heads              .0625          4
= .25
tails        5 heads   .03125         8
= .25
Please respond to  
which game is that?
Expected value of game = 1/2 * 0 + 1/4 * 1 + 1/8 *2 + 1/16 *4 +1/32 *
8                    = 0        +.25       +.25      +.25      +.25                    = infinity
Please respond to  
rules to a game:
You flip a coin. If you get tails you win 0.  if you get heads, i give you
$1.  Keep flipping until you get a tails, at which point you walk away with
the money.  however, each heads you get after the first you double your
money.  So if you flip heads 3 times and then tails, you get $4.  What's
you bid/offer on playing this game?  (would you pay $.5 to play? $1? $2?
what you charge me play against you?)
most bullish thing at this point is moving closer to everyone's
psychological $4 price target and that everybody and their dog is still
short.  next sellers need to be from producer community.  saw a little this
week with williams hedging the barrett transaction but wouldnt say thats
indicative of the rest of the e&p community.  short covering rallies will
get more common here.  velocity of move down has slowed significantly for
good (except maybe in bid week).  my concern is if we go to $4 and people
want to cover some shorts, who's selling it to them?  might feel a lot like
it did when we were trying to break $5.
and they say it was purely coincidental the announcement came today.
6 is fine 
Hmmm... interesting news at Enron today.  Should I plan to come to your
place around 6PM?
___________________________________________________________________
To get your own FREE ZDNet Onebox - FREE voicemail, email, and fax,
all in one place - sign up today at  
I'm always here so just coordinate with my assistant, Ina Rangle.   Thanks,
John
Kathie Grabstald
11/20/2000 02:32 PM
Good Afternoon, John!
Thanks for agreeing to be one of the Profile articles in the next issue of 
the ENSIDE.  Michelle Vitrella assured me that you would be an interesting 
topic!  Our newsletter is set for publication in February and I am setting my 
interview schedule now.  I would love to sit down and visit with you for 
about 30 minutes in the early part of December.  Please let me know a day and 
time that is convenient for you.
I look forward to hearing from you!
Kathie Grabstald
ENA Public Relations
x 3-9610
huh?
No english?  i got the math.
probability payout    1 heads                                            .5        0    = 0
tails       2 heads                                  .25       1
= .25
tails      3 heads                        .125           2
= .25
tails       4 heads              .0625          4
= .25
tails        5 heads   .03125         8
= .25
Please respond to  
which game is that?
Expected value of game = 1/2 * 0 + 1/4 * 1 + 1/8 *2 + 1/16 *4 +1/32 *
8                    = 0        +.25       +.25      +.25      +.25                    = infinity
Please respond to  
rules to a game:
You flip a coin. If you get tails you win 0.  if you get heads, i give you
$1.  Keep flipping until you get a tails, at which point you walk away with
the money.  however, each heads you get after the first you double your
money.  So if you flip heads 3 times and then tails, you get $4.  What's
you bid/offer on playing this game?  (would you pay $.5 to play? $1? $2?
what you charge me play against you?)
most bullish thing at this point is moving closer to everyone's psychological 
$4 price target and that everybody and their dog is still short.  next 
sellers need to be from producer community.  saw a little this week with 
williams hedging the barrett transaction but wouldnt say thats indicative of 
the rest of the e&p community.  short covering rallies will get more common 
here.  velocity of move down has slowed significantly for good (except maybe 
in bid week).  my concern is if we go to $4 and people want to cover some 
shorts, who's selling it to them?  might feel a lot like it did when we were 
trying to break $5.
don't make me type the math on the computer pooks
What's your defense for you bid 0 for the company?  Why was the info
assymetry at 100 have you taken any finance courses yet? what's good?
probability   * payout 1 heads         .5  0 = 0
tails  2 heads        .25  1  = .25
tails  3 heads     .125  2 = .25 
tails  4 heads   .0625  4 = .25 
tails  5 heads .03125  8 = .25
which game is that?
Expected value of game = 1/2 * 0 + 1/4 * 1 + 1/8 *2 + 1/16 *4 +1/32 *
8                    = 0        +.25       +.25      +.25      +.25                    = infinity
Please respond to  
rules to a game:
You flip a coin. If you get tails you win 0.  if you get heads, i give you
$1.  Keep flipping until you get a tails, at which point you walk away with
the money.  however, each heads you get after the first you double your
money.  So if you flip heads 3 times and then tails, you get $4.  What's
you bid/offer on playing this game?  (would you pay $.5 to play? $1? $2?
what you charge me play against you?)
i think it's 100
fill in
$ ____2_ per/share
fill in
$ _____ per/share
Please respond to  
what's my bid for what??
ps
don't no crap me.
no crap, what's your bid?
Please respond to  
break even on info ass-symetry is 100%, any project above that level is
profitable to Pooks&Co.
For extra credit If the company is worth 150% more under management A rather than 50% more,
does your answer change?
Please respond to  
will you do all of my homework?
i'll pay a grand total of 0
Please respond to  
Please read the following problem very carefully, and write in a number at
the end.  You should be ready to defend your answer.  Only a number is
allowed, not an algebraic equation.
Acquiring a Company
In the following exercise you will represent Company A (the acquirer),
which is currently considering acquiring Company T (the target) by means of
a tender offer.  You plan to tender in cash for 100% of Company T's shares
but are unsure how high a price to offer.  The main complication is this:
the value of Company T depends directly on the outcome of a major oil
exploration project it is currently undertaking.  Indeed, the very
viability
of Company T depends on the exploration outcome.  If the project fails, the
company under current management will be worth nothing--$0/share.  But if
the project succeeds, the value of the company under current management
could be as high as $100/share.  All share values between $0 and $100 are
considered equally likely.  By all estimates, the company will be worth
considerably more in the hands of Company A than under current management.
In fact, whatever the ultimate value under current management, the company
will be worth fifty percent more under the management of A than under
Company T.  If the project fails, the company is worth $0/share under
either
management.  If the exploration project generates a $50/share value under
current management, the value under Company A is $75/share.  Similarly, a
$100/share value under Company T implies a $150/share value under Company
A,
and so on.
The board of directors of Company A has asked you to determine the
price
they should offer for Company T's shares.  This offer must be made now,
before the outcome of the drilling project is known.  From all indications,
Company T would be happy to be acquired by Company A, provided it is at a
profitable price.  Moreover, Company T wishes to avoid, at all cost, the
potential of a takeover bid by any other firm.  You expect Company T to
delay a decision on your bid until the results of the project are in, then
accept or reject your offer before the news of the drilling results reaches
the press.
Thus, you (Company A) will not know the results of the exploration
project
when submitting your price offer, but Company T will know the results when
deciding whether or not to accept your offer.  In addition, Company T will
accept any offer by Company A that is greater than the (per share) value of
the company under current management.  Thus, if you offer $50/share, for
instance, Company T will accept if the value of the company to Company T is
anything less than $50.
As the representative of Company A, you are deliberating over price
offers
in the range of $0/share (this is tantamount to making no offer at all) to
$150/share.  What price offer per share would you tender for Company T's
stock?
$______ per/share
Expected value of game = 1/2 * 0 + 1/4 * 1 + 1/8 *2 + 1/16 *4 +1/32 * 8        = 0       +.25  +.25 +.25 +.25        = infinity
rules to a game:
You flip a coin. If you get tails you win 0.  if you get heads, i give you
$1.  Keep flipping until you get a tails, at which point you walk away with
the money.  however, each heads you get after the first you double your
money.  So if you flip heads 3 times and then tails, you get $4.  What's
you bid/offer on playing this game?  (would you pay $.5 to play? $1? $2?
what you charge me play against you?)
i think its a jv with the trading side mostly staffed by goldman folks
so, its a goldman co, but it also controls Duquesne and BGE?
yes
Please respond to  
is constellation energy a goldman company?
me thinks you missed a 9
Please respond to  
1.99999999999999999999999999999999999
rules to a game:
You flip a coin. If you get tails you win 0.  if you get heads, i give you
$1.  Keep flipping until you get a tails, at which point you walk away with
the money.  however, each heads you get after the first you double your
money.  So if you flip heads 3 times and then tails, you get $4.  What's
you bid/offer on playing this game?  (would you pay $.5 to play? $1? $2?
what you charge me play against you?)
no
wait, of course i am.  i always am.
me thinks you missed a 9
Please respond to  
1.99999999999999999999999999999999999
rules to a game:
You flip a coin. If you get tails you win 0.  if you get heads, i give you
$1.  Keep flipping until you get a tails, at which point you walk away with
the money.  however, each heads you get after the first you double your
money.  So if you flip heads 3 times and then tails, you get $4.  What's
you bid/offer on playing this game?  (would you pay $.5 to play? $1? $2?
what you charge me play against you?)
yes
is constellation energy a goldman company?
me thinks you missed a 9
Please respond to  
1.99999999999999999999999999999999999
rules to a game:
You flip a coin. If you get tails you win 0.  if you get heads, i give you
$1.  Keep flipping until you get a tails, at which point you walk away with
the money.  however, each heads you get after the first you double your
money.  So if you flip heads 3 times and then tails, you get $4.  What's
you bid/offer on playing this game?  (would you pay $.5 to play? $1? $2?
what you charge me play against you?)
are you prepared to defend your answer?
and your offer?
Please respond to  
1.99999999999999999999999999999999999
rules to a game:
You flip a coin. If you get tails you win 0.  if you get heads, i give you
$1.  Keep flipping until you get a tails, at which point you walk away with
the money.  however, each heads you get after the first you double your
money.  So if you flip heads 3 times and then tails, you get $4.  What's
you bid/offer on playing this game?  (would you pay $.5 to play? $1? $2?
what you charge me play against you?)
isn't market making on electronic systems fun 
ksmalek@aep.com on 11/20/2000 01:17:35 PM
I cant go take a pee w/o you sneaking up on me on ICE, ICE BABY.
me thinks you missed a 9
1.99999999999999999999999999999999999
rules to a game:
You flip a coin. If you get tails you win 0.  if you get heads, i give you
$1.  Keep flipping until you get a tails, at which point you walk away with
the money.  however, each heads you get after the first you double your
money.  So if you flip heads 3 times and then tails, you get $4.  What's
you bid/offer on playing this game?  (would you pay $.5 to play? $1? $2?
what you charge me play against you?)
have you taken any finance courses yet? what's good?
fill in
$ _____ per/share
what's my bid for what??
ps
don't no crap me.
no crap, what's your bid?
Please respond to  
break even on info ass-symetry is 100%, any project above that level is
profitable to Pooks&Co.
For extra credit If the company is worth 150% more under management A rather than 50% more,
does your answer change?
Please respond to  
will you do all of my homework?
i'll pay a grand total of 0
Please respond to  
Please read the following problem very carefully, and write in a number at
the end.  You should be ready to defend your answer.  Only a number is
allowed, not an algebraic equation.
Acquiring a Company
In the following exercise you will represent Company A (the acquirer),
which is currently considering acquiring Company T (the target) by means of
a tender offer.  You plan to tender in cash for 100% of Company T's shares
but are unsure how high a price to offer.  The main complication is this:
the value of Company T depends directly on the outcome of a major oil
exploration project it is currently undertaking.  Indeed, the very
viability
of Company T depends on the exploration outcome.  If the project fails, the
company under current management will be worth nothing--$0/share.  But if
the project succeeds, the value of the company under current management
could be as high as $100/share.  All share values between $0 and $100 are
considered equally likely.  By all estimates, the company will be worth
considerably more in the hands of Company A than under current management.
In fact, whatever the ultimate value under current management, the company
will be worth fifty percent more under the management of A than under
Company T.  If the project fails, the company is worth $0/share under
either
management.  If the exploration project generates a $50/share value under
current management, the value under Company A is $75/share.  Similarly, a
$100/share value under Company T implies a $150/share value under Company
A,
and so on.
The board of directors of Company A has asked you to determine the
price
they should offer for Company T's shares.  This offer must be made now,
before the outcome of the drilling project is known.  From all indications,
Company T would be happy to be acquired by Company A, provided it is at a
profitable price.  Moreover, Company T wishes to avoid, at all cost, the
potential of a takeover bid by any other firm.  You expect Company T to
delay a decision on your bid until the results of the project are in, then
accept or reject your offer before the news of the drilling results reaches
the press.
Thus, you (Company A) will not know the results of the exploration
project
when submitting your price offer, but Company T will know the results when
deciding whether or not to accept your offer.  In addition, Company T will
accept any offer by Company A that is greater than the (per share) value of
the company under current management.  Thus, if you offer $50/share, for
instance, Company T will accept if the value of the company to Company T is
anything less than $50.
As the representative of Company A, you are deliberating over price
offers
in the range of $0/share (this is tantamount to making no offer at all) to
$150/share.  What price offer per share would you tender for Company T's
stock?
$______ per/share
and your offer?
1.99999999999999999999999999999999999
rules to a game:
You flip a coin. If you get tails you win 0.  if you get heads, i give you
$1.  Keep flipping until you get a tails, at which point you walk away with
the money.  however, each heads you get after the first you double your
money.  So if you flip heads 3 times and then tails, you get $4.  What's
you bid/offer on playing this game?  (would you pay $.5 to play? $1? $2?
what you charge me play against you?)
rules to a game:
You flip a coin. If you get tails you win 0.  if you get heads, i give you 
$1.  Keep flipping until you get a tails, at which point you walk away with 
the money.  however, each heads you get after the first you double your 
money.  So if you flip heads 3 times and then tails, you get $4.  What's you 
bid/offer on playing this game?  (would you pay $.5 to play? $1? $2?  what 
you charge me play against you?)
no crap, what's your bid?
break even on info ass-symetry is 100%, any project above that level is
profitable to Pooks&Co.
For extra credit If the company is worth 150% more under management A rather than 50% more,
does your answer change?
Please respond to  
will you do all of my homework?
i'll pay a grand total of 0
Please respond to  
Please read the following problem very carefully, and write in a number at
the end.  You should be ready to defend your answer.  Only a number is
allowed, not an algebraic equation.
Acquiring a Company
In the following exercise you will represent Company A (the acquirer),
which is currently considering acquiring Company T (the target) by means of
a tender offer.  You plan to tender in cash for 100% of Company T's shares
but are unsure how high a price to offer.  The main complication is this:
the value of Company T depends directly on the outcome of a major oil
exploration project it is currently undertaking.  Indeed, the very
viability
of Company T depends on the exploration outcome.  If the project fails, the
company under current management will be worth nothing--$0/share.  But if
the project succeeds, the value of the company under current management
could be as high as $100/share.  All share values between $0 and $100 are
considered equally likely.  By all estimates, the company will be worth
considerably more in the hands of Company A than under current management.
In fact, whatever the ultimate value under current management, the company
will be worth fifty percent more under the management of A than under
Company T.  If the project fails, the company is worth $0/share under
either
management.  If the exploration project generates a $50/share value under
current management, the value under Company A is $75/share.  Similarly, a
$100/share value under Company T implies a $150/share value under Company
A,
and so on.
The board of directors of Company A has asked you to determine the
price
they should offer for Company T's shares.  This offer must be made now,
before the outcome of the drilling project is known.  From all indications,
Company T would be happy to be acquired by Company A, provided it is at a
profitable price.  Moreover, Company T wishes to avoid, at all cost, the
potential of a takeover bid by any other firm.  You expect Company T to
delay a decision on your bid until the results of the project are in, then
accept or reject your offer before the news of the drilling results reaches
the press.
Thus, you (Company A) will not know the results of the exploration
project
when submitting your price offer, but Company T will know the results when
deciding whether or not to accept your offer.  In addition, Company T will
accept any offer by Company A that is greater than the (per share) value of
the company under current management.  Thus, if you offer $50/share, for
instance, Company T will accept if the value of the company to Company T is
anything less than $50.
As the representative of Company A, you are deliberating over price
offers
in the range of $0/share (this is tantamount to making no offer at all) to
$150/share.  What price offer per share would you tender for Company T's
stock?
$______ per/share
i need significant lead time to prepare for boots day.  please advise earlier 
next time.
I'll be here until tomorrow afternoon, then off to Waco to see my mom.  I 
just got back to my desk after being in meetings all day.  Who knows how long 
I'll be here tonight and I have a shit load of work to do tomorrow.  Why do I 
work here again?
What's up with you?  I bought some guest to your floor today but you weren't 
around.  And I have on boots with curly hair.
Take care, MSA
Oh, let's chat about Guggenheim next week.  Are you going on the 17th too?
John Arnold@ECT
05/11/2001 11:58 AM
you in town this weekend?
Kim:
I will not be at the may 18 management mtg as I will be in NY on business.
Appreciate the offer but I won't be able to get out of work,
do you or any one of your colleagues at the mighty Enron want to join us at
our annual golf outing in Myrtle Beach.  You pay the air, we've got the
rest.
Only 4 rules:
no cologne
no top button buttoned on the golf shirt
not permitted to break 100
no cameras
reminder:
Friday June 1  2 rounds
Saturday, June 2 1 round/poolside
Sunday, June 3  1 round
Enron has an open invite.  Please let me know. 
best GUESS P&L tonight is +7
For extra credit If the company is worth 150% more under management A rather than 50% more, 
does your answer change?
will you do all of my homework?
i'll pay a grand total of 0
Please respond to  
Please read the following problem very carefully, and write in a number at
the end.  You should be ready to defend your answer.  Only a number is
allowed, not an algebraic equation.
Acquiring a Company
In the following exercise you will represent Company A (the acquirer),
which is currently considering acquiring Company T (the target) by means of
a tender offer.  You plan to tender in cash for 100% of Company T's shares
but are unsure how high a price to offer.  The main complication is this:
the value of Company T depends directly on the outcome of a major oil
exploration project it is currently undertaking.  Indeed, the very
viability
of Company T depends on the exploration outcome.  If the project fails, the
company under current management will be worth nothing--$0/share.  But if
the project succeeds, the value of the company under current management
could be as high as $100/share.  All share values between $0 and $100 are
considered equally likely.  By all estimates, the company will be worth
considerably more in the hands of Company A than under current management.
In fact, whatever the ultimate value under current management, the company
will be worth fifty percent more under the management of A than under
Company T.  If the project fails, the company is worth $0/share under
either
management.  If the exploration project generates a $50/share value under
current management, the value under Company A is $75/share.  Similarly, a
$100/share value under Company T implies a $150/share value under Company
A,
and so on.
The board of directors of Company A has asked you to determine the
price
they should offer for Company T's shares.  This offer must be made now,
before the outcome of the drilling project is known.  From all indications,
Company T would be happy to be acquired by Company A, provided it is at a
profitable price.  Moreover, Company T wishes to avoid, at all cost, the
potential of a takeover bid by any other firm.  You expect Company T to
delay a decision on your bid until the results of the project are in, then
accept or reject your offer before the news of the drilling results reaches
the press.
Thus, you (Company A) will not know the results of the exploration
project
when submitting your price offer, but Company T will know the results when
deciding whether or not to accept your offer.  In addition, Company T will
accept any offer by Company A that is greater than the (per share) value of
the company under current management.  Thus, if you offer $50/share, for
instance, Company T will accept if the value of the company to Company T is
anything less than $50.
As the representative of Company A, you are deliberating over price
offers
in the range of $0/share (this is tantamount to making no offer at all) to
$150/share.  What price offer per share would you tender for Company T's
stock?
$______ per/share
you dont like my ideas
i'll call
pookie:
check this out:
www.sailmainecoast.com/index.html
you in town this weekend?
Phillip, Scott, Hunter, Tom and John -
Just to reiterate the new trading guidelines on PG&E Energy Trading:
1.  Both financial and physical trading are approved, with a maximum tenor of 
18 months
2.  Approved entities are: PG&E Energy Trading - Gas Corporation
PG&E Energy Trading - Canada Corporation
NO OTHER PG&E ENTITIES ARE APPROVED FOR TRADING
3.  Both EOL and OTC transactions are OK
4.  Please call Credit (ext. 31803) with details on every OTC transaction We need to track all new positions with PG&E Energy Trading on an ongoing 
basis.  Please ask the traders and originators on your desks to notify us 
with the details on any new transactions immediately upon execution.  For 
large transactions (greater than 2 contracts/day or 5 BCF total), please call 
for approval before transacting.
Thanks for your assistance; please call me (ext. 53923) or Russell Diamond 
(ext. 57095) if you have any questions.
Jay
yes
Ina Rangel
05/10/2001 05:47 PM
John,
Do you think we need to see about sending an IT Tech for you and Maggi on 
Friday to make sure everything is working okay?   If we do, we would have to 
pay for their travel expenses.
It would be beneficial to you instead of having to be on the phone with IT 
for any problems.
Let me know.
-Ina
i'll pay a grand total of 0
Please read the following problem very carefully, and write in a number at
the end.  You should be ready to defend your answer.  Only a number is
allowed, not an algebraic equation.
Acquiring a Company
In the following exercise you will represent Company A (the acquirer),
which is currently considering acquiring Company T (the target) by means of
a tender offer.  You plan to tender in cash for 100% of Company T's shares
but are unsure how high a price to offer.  The main complication is this:
the value of Company T depends directly on the outcome of a major oil
exploration project it is currently undertaking.  Indeed, the very viability
of Company T depends on the exploration outcome.  If the project fails, the
company under current management will be worth nothing--$0/share.  But if
the project succeeds, the value of the company under current management
could be as high as $100/share.  All share values between $0 and $100 are
considered equally likely.  By all estimates, the company will be worth
considerably more in the hands of Company A than under current management.
In fact, whatever the ultimate value under current management, the company
will be worth fifty percent more under the management of A than under
Company T.  If the project fails, the company is worth $0/share under either
management.  If the exploration project generates a $50/share value under
current management, the value under Company A is $75/share.  Similarly, a
$100/share value under Company T implies a $150/share value under Company A,
and so on.
The board of directors of Company A has asked you to determine the price
they should offer for Company T's shares.  This offer must be made now,
before the outcome of the drilling project is known.  From all indications,
Company T would be happy to be acquired by Company A, provided it is at a
profitable price.  Moreover, Company T wishes to avoid, at all cost, the
potential of a takeover bid by any other firm.  You expect Company T to
delay a decision on your bid until the results of the project are in, then
accept or reject your offer before the news of the drilling results reaches
the press.
Thus, you (Company A) will not know the results of the exploration project
when submitting your price offer, but Company T will know the results when
deciding whether or not to accept your offer.  In addition, Company T will
accept any offer by Company A that is greater than the (per share) value of
the company under current management.  Thus, if you offer $50/share, for
instance, Company T will accept if the value of the company to Company T is
anything less than $50.
As the representative of Company A, you are deliberating over price offers
in the range of $0/share (this is tantamount to making no offer at all) to
$150/share.  What price offer per share would you tender for Company T's
stock?
$______ per/share
newport??
i'll call
pookie:
check this out:
www.sailmainecoast.com/index.html
199.99+ $18 o/n shipping = 217.99
Visa 4128 0033 2341 1978 exp 8/02
shipping and billing address John Arnold
909 Texas Ave #1812
Houston, TX 77002
713-557-3330
Ticketwarehouse@aol.com on 05/10/2001 01:20:57 AM
Pay Patrick Kenne, ticketwarehouse@aol.com, at paypal.com or bidpay.com, bid 
plus $12 for Fed-Ex Saver, or $18 for Fed-Ex overnight shipping. Put shipping 
info in note section. If you want Fed-Ex c.o.d., get a money order for bid 
plus $25 to Paula Fowler ready to give to fed-ex and e-mail me your shipping 
address. If you want to use paypal, add 1% to total, they charge me 2.3% 
now!!  If you are sending a money order, send to Patrick Kenne 2879 Timber 
Range Court Columbus, Ohio 43231.  Please include auction # and all shipping 
info.  Thanks, Pat 614-891-9707
Please be advised that the Option Advisory Committee meeting will be at 4:00
eastern time, May 31, 2001.
Matthew Schaefer
New York Mercantile Exchange
212.299.2612
get lost
SOblander@carrfut.com on 05/10/2001 07:50:19 AM
Notice # 01-154
May 7, 2001
TO:
All NYMEX Division Members and Member Firms
FROM:
Neal L. Wolkoff, Executive Vice President
RE:
Implementation of New NYMEX Rule 9.11A ("Give-Up Trades")
DATE:
May 7, 2001
new NYMEX Rule 9.11A ("Give-Up Trades") will go into effect.
!    In the absence of an applicable give-up agreement, new Rule 9.11A will
define the respective responsibilities/obligations to an order of executing
brokers, customers and Clearing Members.
!    The term "executing broker" as used in Rule 9.11A refers to the
registered billing entity, Member Firm or Floor Broker to whom the order is
transmitted.
!    Rule 9.11 will provide that, in the absence of an applicable give-up
agreement, a Clearing Member may reject a trade only if: (1) the trade
exceeds trading limits established by the Clearing Member for that customer
that have been communicated to the executing broker as provided by the rule
or (2) the trade is an error for which the executing broker is responsible.
!    The new rule also places affirmative obligations on executing brokers
to confirm Clearing Member authorization for an account.  For example,
prior to an executing broker accepting and executing an initial order for
any new customer account, such executing broker must confirm with the
Clearing Member by telephonic, electronic or written means, that:
(a)  the customer has a valid account with the Clearing Member;
(b)  the account number;
(c)  the brokerage rate;
(d)  the customer is authorized by the Clearing Member to place orders with
the executing broker for that account; and
(e)  a listing or summary of persons authorized to place orders for that
account.
Moreover, the executing broker must retain a copy of the authorization or
the specifics of the telephonic confirmation, which includes: opposite
party, date, time, and any other relevant information.  The Compliance
Department will conduct periodic audits of such records, and falsification
of such information shall be the basis for disciplinary action.
If you have any questions concerning this new rule, please contact Bernard
Purta, Senior Vice President, Regulatory Affairs and Operations, at (212)
299- 2380; Thomas LaSala, Vice President, NYMEX Compliance Department, at
(212) 299-2897; or Arthur McCoy, Vice President, Financial Surveillance
Section, NYMEX Compliance Department, at (212) 299-2928,
NEW RULE 9.11A ("Give-Up Trades")
(Entire rule is new.)
Rule 9.11A     Give-Up Trades
In the absence of a give-up agreement whose terms and conditions govern the
responsibilities/obligations of executing brokers, customers and Clearing
Members, the following rules shall define the respective
responsibilities/obligations of those parties to an order.  The "executing
broker", as used in this rule, is the registered billing entity, Member
Firm or Floor Broker to whom the order is transmitted.
(A)    Responsibilities/Obligations of Clearing Members
(1). Limits Placed by Clearing Member.   A Clearing Member may, in its
discretion, place trading limits on the trades it will accept for give-up
for a customer's account from an executing broker, provided however, that
the executing broker receives prior written or electronic notice from the
Clearing Member of the trading limits on that account.  Notice must be
shall be retained by the Clearing Member.
(2). Trade Rejection.  A Clearing Member may reject ("DK") a trade only if:
(1) the trade exceeds the trading limits established under Section I(A) of
this rule for that customer and it has been communicated to the executing
broker as described in Subsection (A); or (2) the trade is an error for
which the executing broker is responsible.  If a Clearing Member has a
basis for rejecting a trade, and chooses to do so in accordance with the
provisions of Rule 2.21(B), it must notify the executing broker promptly.
(3). Billing.  A Clearing Member will pay all floor brokerage fees incurred
for all transactions executed by the executing broker for the customer and
subsequently accepted by the Clearing Member by means of the ATOM system.
Floor brokerage fees will be agreed upon in advance among the Clearing
Member, customer and the executing broker.
(B)  Responsibilities/Obligations of Executing Brokers
(1)  Customer Order Placement.  An executing broker will be responsible for
determining that all orders are placed or authorized by the customer.  Once
an order has been accepted, a broker or the broker's clerk must:
(a)  confirm the terms of the order with the customer;
(b)  accurately execute the order according to its terms;
(c)  confirm the execution of the order to the customer as soon as
practicable; and
(d)  transmit such executed order to the Clearing Member as soon as
practicable in accordance with Exchange Rules and procedures.
2.   Use of Other Persons.  Unless otherwise agreed in writing, the
executing broker is allowed to use the services of another broker in
connection with the broker's obligations under these rules.  The executing
broker remains responsible to the customer and Clearing Member under these
rules.
3.    Executing Broker Responsibility for Verifying Clearing Member
Authorization.  Prior to a broker accepting and executing an initial order
for any new customer account, the executing broker must confirm with the
Clearing Member by telephonic, electronic or written means, that:
(f)  the customer has a valid account with the Clearing Member;
(g)  the account number;
(h)  the brokerage rate;
(i)  the customer is authorized by the Clearing Member to place orders with
the executing broker for that account; and
(j)  a listing or summary of persons authorized to place orders for that
account.
The executing broker must retain a copy of the authorization or the
specifics of the telephonic confirmation, which includes: opposite party,
date, time, and any other relevant information.  The falsification of such
information shall be the basis for disciplinary action.
4.   Rejection of Customer Order.  Where an executing broker has confirmed
Clearing Member authorization to execute orders on behalf of a customer in
accordance with this Rule 9.11A, the broker may, in the broker's
discretion, reject an order that the customer transmits to the broker for
execution.  The broker shall promptly notify the customer and the Clearing
Member(s) of any such rejection.
Carr Futures
150 S. Wacker Dr., Suite 1500
Chicago, IL 60606  USA
Tel:  312-368-6149
Fax:  312-368-2281
soblander@carrfut.com
Russell:
Just fyi, they're willing to take us for 20 years.
John,
Attached are the volumes associated with the 20 yr Soc Gen deal we talked 
about.  I have yet to hear from credit.  I will let you know the status as it 
becomes available.
Eric
Hi Eric,
Please find below the detailed terms of a possible deal that we have been
talking about during our phone conversation this morning.
Nature of deal : If the transaction takes place, Societe Generale would sell a
financial fixed price swap (flat price, not basis differential) to Enron. The
monthly settlement would be financial. There would not be any  exchange of
physical product.
Period of the deal : June 1st, 2001 to January 31st, 2021.
Used Reference :  Natural Gas-Houston Ship Channel Index Inside FERC , monthly
settlement.
Volumes of the financial swap transaction : Please find below the volumes 
given
month by month in MMBTU.
(See attached file: volumes-10-5-01-for-Enron.xls)
Since there is a tiny chance that the deal trades today, could you please 
check
if you have credit with SG for this period.
If not, could you find out how much time it approximately takes to get the
credit.
In terms of credit, SG is good with Enron for this period.
Thank you,
Alexander Werner
The information contained herein is confidential and is intended solely
for the addressee(s).  It shall not be construed as a recommendation to
buy or sell any security.  Any unauthorized access, use, reproduction,
disclosure or dissemination is prohibited.
Neither SOCIETE GENERALE nor any of its subsidiaries or affiliates
shall assume any legal liability or responsibility for any incorrect,
misleading or altered information contained herein.
- volumes-10-5-01-for-Enron.xls
i think the velocity of the down move will be much less severe from here still dont think this is equilibrium.  need to see aga coming in lower than 
expectations for a couple weeks signaling that we've moved down the demand 
curve.  think a lot of spec shorts are looking to take profits as we get 
close to the psychological 400 target.  market needs producer selling to get 
us through there.  have seen some as williams is starting to hedge barrett hence the weakness in the back of the curve recently.  still going lower but 
it will be a tougher move from here.
what do you think now?
see you sunday
maybe they're for more sophisticated palates
I pawned them off on my unsuspecting coworker - Phil.  He liked them!!
it's an aquired taste
those things are TERRIBLE 
Hot like wasabi when I bust rhymes
Big like Leann Rimes
Because I'm all about value
it's an aquired taste
those things are TERRIBLE 
i couldnt do it.  it took 13 minutes for my alarm to wake me up.
is there a password or just knowing the address
John, is access to the board on a password basis now? If so, when you get a 
chance could you authorise access for myself and Andew Hill (a colleague in 
crude fundamentals) please? A similar board for crude and products should be 
ready within a couple of weeks. Thanks
Alex
i'm just kidding.  i'm getting a haircut from 530-600.  i'll call you when i 
get out.
I guess that's fair - considering the deal you worked out with Dean.
you i guess 
so who are the drinks on until I do 
drinks on tickleknees if you do
you're killing me!!!  I WILL close two of the three!!! and I predict that I 
will make $500,000 - on two tiny little gas deals.
maybe we need a closer in that seat
he's a cheapskate - I am just sitting here on the edge of my seat with three 
customers that won't pull the trigger!
how about we celebrate the near completion of your deal and have tickleless 
pay for it.
push the summer down about $.03-.04 so I can get one of my deals done and we 
could celebrate!
wanna get sauced after work?
you i guess 
so who are the drinks on until I do 
drinks on tickleknees if you do
you're killing me!!!  I WILL close two of the three!!! and I predict that I 
will make $500,000 - on two tiny little gas deals.
maybe we need a closer in that seat
he's a cheapskate - I am just sitting here on the edge of my seat with three 
customers that won't pull the trigger!
how about we celebrate the near completion of your deal and have tickleless 
pay for it.
push the summer down about $.03-.04 so I can get one of my deals done and we 
could celebrate!
wanna get sauced after work?
Here are the trades executed on ACCESS last night:
S   50   Z     5350
S   50 Z    5335
B   9   Z   5330
B   2   Z   5320
B   4   Z   5322
B   6   Z   5323
B   5   Z   5345
B   10  Z   5355
B   3   Z   5355
B   5   Z   5358
B   100   Z   5323
S   100   F   5369
Joseph Mancino
E.D. & F. Man International
(212)566-9700
drinks on tickleknees if you do
you're killing me!!!  I WILL close two of the three!!! and I predict that I 
will make $500,000 - on two tiny little gas deals.
maybe we need a closer in that seat
he's a cheapskate - I am just sitting here on the edge of my seat with three 
customers that won't pull the trigger!
how about we celebrate the near completion of your deal and have tickleless 
pay for it.
push the summer down about $.03-.04 so I can get one of my deals done and we 
could celebrate!
wanna get sauced after work?
maybe we need a closer in that seat
he's a cheapskate - I am just sitting here on the edge of my seat with three 
customers that won't pull the trigger!
how about we celebrate the near completion of your deal and have tickleless 
pay for it.
push the summer down about $.03-.04 so I can get one of my deals done and we 
could celebrate!
wanna get sauced after work?
how about we celebrate the near completion of your deal and have tickleless 
pay for it.
push the summer down about $.03-.04 so I can get one of my deals done and we 
could celebrate!
wanna get sauced after work?
is that with or without two snoozes?
and get up at 5:07 a.m.?
wanna get sauced after work?
wanna get sauced after work?
Jennifer:
I don't think we have much interest in doing this interview since it 
primarily pertains to our views of the market.  I would speak in such 
generalities that it probably wouldn't be a good interview.
John
Jennifer Walker@
05/07/2001 08:57 AM
John:
Kevin Foster with Risk Magazine is working on an article for the June issue 
regarding Gas Markets in the U.S. Basically, he is interested in Enron's 
opinion of:
1. Physical Supply/Demand of gas and how this is affecting financial trades
2. Where do we anticipate gas prices going over the summer?
3. The state of the industry--any major issues that may affect the market?
If this sounds like a story we would be interested in doing, please let me 
know and I will coordinate a short phone interview with Kevin Foster. I know 
it usually works best for your schedule to do this after 4pm, so please let 
me know if Tuesday after 4 would be good for you. 
Thanks for your help and please call me with any questions. 
Jennifer Walker
Public Relations
x3-9964
that night i had so  much brain damage i couldnt function.
as opposed to 
was a great time-sat at bo collins dinner table spoke briefly. by that nite
i had so  much brain damage i couldnt function.
your guys are probably seeing this as well, but, 50 cents higher our
customer biz was 95/5 from buy side.  now it's 50/50.  can almost smell
blood among the producers.  only problem is trade is sooooo short they cant
see straight.  were the market still not so fundamentally overvalued right
now i'd be looking for a 25 cent move up.  just can't see that happening at
this level though.
********************Legal Disclaimer  i guess i have to keep my 395 price target.  just nothing bullish in the near 
term except crude.  and that's not enough now.  need to get to a new price 
regime to pick up more demand quickly 
what do you think this week and next 3 weeks-----june expiry 4.20?
my numbers from mar 15.  would raise jun-augy by 10 cents because of the 
supportive weather we had from mar 15-apr 15
arnold
May-01	455
Jun-01	395
Jul-01	370
Aug-01	350
Sep-01	350
Oct-01	360
Nov-01	360
Dec-01	325
Jan-02	280
Jen Fraser
Enron Global Markets Fundamentals
713-853-4759
none
I asked everyone for their A/A needs and received very little feedback Please respond promptly.
Thanks  
John
your guys are probably seeing this as well, but, 50 cents higher our customer 
biz was 95/5 from buy side.  now it's 50/50.  can almost smell blood among 
the producers.  only problem is trade is sooooo short they cant see 
straight.  were the market still not so fundamentally overvalued right now 
i'd be looking for a 25 cent move up.  just can't see that happening at this 
level though 
Alan:
I received your email.  I'll make sure it goes through the proper channels It may help if you give specific positions that interest you most as Enron is 
such a big place, it will help focus the resume to the right people.
John
only if you promise to post regular updates on the trucking market 
call chris gaskill to get the password 
sign me up for the gas message board
will   (most probably)
My floor looks good - now i just have to paint.  Have fun in San Antonio Monday morning?
i like that feeling...as long as someone doesnt punch you in the gut.  i'm 
going to san antonio at lunch today to play soccer so i just took the day 
off.  catching up on 2 weeks of email.   i know how to relax don't i
Every single muscle in my stomach is sore.
Hey Adam:
sorry for the delay.  just been very busy.  congrats on joining enron.  think 
you made the right chioce.  i would recommend structuring.  it's a good way 
to understand how enron works, how we look at and manage risk, and you get 
close to the trading component.  a friend of mine, ed mcmichael runs the gas 
structuring group.  try emiling him probably at emcmich@.  keep in 
touch,
john
Hi John,
I hope your gas markets are moving nicely this week.  Its
been a long time since we talked, but a lot has happened.
But the most important thing has been my decision to join
Enron. At this point, I am looking around for a rotation,
and I have received a lot of advice pointing me towards
Gas/Power Structuring and RAC rotations.  I am wondering if
you know some people in these areas who might be looking
for analysts.  I have heard that traders work closely with
the structured finance and RAC guys, true?  If you have
time please let me know if you know of anything.
Thanks,
Adam Bayer
this is my idea of vacation 
yes i will
John - I got a call from Warren Tashnek today.  He is concerned about the 
usage of the Fimat line because the trading volume is not covering its 
costs.   He wanted to know how to increase business with Enron.  I referred 
him to you.  As you know, he is so nice and not trying to start a fight with 
us but needs more trades to justify the cost of the line.  Will you please 
address this with him 
Thanks, Sarah
SOblander@carrfut.com on 05/04/2001 09:31:27 AM
Several people have asked how to read the Carr Futures option candlestick
charts.
Attached is a research note discussing tracking and trading option
volatility.
(See attached file: Tracking and Trading Nat Gas Vols.pdf)
Carr Futures
150 S. Wacker Dr., Suite 1500
Chicago, IL 60606  USA
Tel:  312-368-6149
Fax:  312-368-2281
soblander@carrfut.com
- Tracking and Trading Nat Gas Vols.pdf
do you know what my user id and password are?
eserver@ on 05/04/2001 10:37:18 AM
i like that feeling...as long as someone doesnt punch you in the gut.  i'm 
going to san antonio at lunch today to play soccer so i just took the day 
off.  catching up on 2 weeks of email.   i know how to relax don't i
Every single muscle in my stomach is sore.
absolutely...though i'm not sure how you do it.  call chris gaskill and he 
should be abl to help.
John,
Could I get access to the gas message board?
KJM
Jeff:
To explain the P&L of -349,000 We executed the trade when you gave the order (the delta anyway), first thing 
in the morning.  The market rallied 8 cents from the morning, with the back 
rallying about 2.5 cents.  On 904 PV contracts, curve shift was -226,000 The balance, $123,000,  is almost exactly $.01 bid/mid, which I think is 
pretty fair considering the tenor of the deal and that it included price and 
vol.  Cal 3 straddles, for instance, are $1.39 / $1.45.
Looking out for you bubbeh:
John
I almost forget about your debt, but then your BMW 315ia reminded me of it.
almost forgot about you will take care of .  we'll keep you guys together close to the traders.
Johnny,
Please don't let my group fall through the cracks!
We'd like to be as close to your desk in the new building as possible (8 
seats)
unless you think we should focus on one of the geographical desks
- Mike
no
SOblander@carrfut.com on 05/01/2001 11:44:40 AM
Carr is hosting an enymex presentation at our office in New York this
Monday, May 7th from 2-4 PM. We are double checking our head count to make
sure that we will be ready for the people attending the presentation.
If you would, please reply to this email with a yes or a no to indicate
your intentions of attending this enymex presentation.
Thank you.
Carr Futures
150 S. Wacker Dr., Suite 1500
Chicago, IL 60606  USA
Tel:  312-368-6149
Fax:  312-368-2281
soblander@carrfut.com
SOblander@carrfut.com on 05/01/2001 07:51:18 AM
The information contained herein is based on sources that we believe to be
reliable, but we do not represent that it is accurate or complete.  Nothing
contained herein should be considered as an offer to sell or a solicitation
of an offer to buy any financial instruments discussed herein.  Any
opinions expressed herein are solely those of the author.  As such, they
may differ in material respects from those of, or expressed or published by
on behalf of Carr Futures or its officers, directors, employees or
affiliates.  , 2001 Carr Futures
The charts are now available on the web by clicking on the hot link(s)
contained in this email. If for any reason you are unable to receive the
charts via the web, please contact me via email and I will email the charts
to you as attachments.
Option Candlesticks
Carr Futures
150 S. Wacker Dr., Suite 1500
Chicago, IL 60606  USA
Tel:  312-368-6149
Fax:  312-368-2281
soblander@carrfut.com
Stranger:
Any interest in getting a drink or dinner Tuesday?  havent seen you in 
forever.
my email as far as i know is jarnold@.  not on msn though.
i made space for your 8 people as well as ferries, roberts, and the other 
person (??) you requested.  Come down tomorrow and i'll show you the layout 
again.
john
Arnold,
I am trying to talk via MSN messenger service and it will not accept 
jarnold@ or any other reasonable email path.  What is your official 
email path?  I am assuming that you are using Outlook.  I am here at work 
trying to close a deal.
I will forward your message to Grass, but I want to visually see the layout 
of the floor.  I will end up having spots on five and six.  Also,  Nelson 
Ferries' and Linda Roberts' location are very important to the 
Wellhead/Ecommerce effort.  And yes, John will need room to grow. 
What did you think of the article 
Mrha
Jean:
I think the location i talked about before is actually better for you.  The 
area towards the edge of the building borders the northeast gas group, 
long-term originators, and mid-market orig group.  not exactly who you need 
to be around.  the location in the center is much closer to the east gulf 
group, specifically sandra, and the same distance to the central and texas 
trading groups.  most importantly, it provides room for both your group and 
the trading group to expand.  call me if you want to talk further thanks for the article. 
john
can you take care of this John:
?
Attached is the invoice covering the current  period.
?
Hope all is well. No changes on analysis.? Market will  have occasional 
rallies (not significant) but all evidence shows lower levels to  be seen Most bearish case shows decline until late May or first two weeks  of June Prices from 420 - 380.
- invoice enron 9943.doc
Jean:
I think the location i talked about before is actually better for you.  The 
area towards the edge of the building borders the northeast gas group, 
long-term originators, and mid-market orig group.  not exactly who you need 
to be around.  the location in the center is much closer to the east gulf 
group, specifically sandra, and the same distance to the central and texas 
trading groups.  most importantly, it provides room for both your group and 
the trading group to expand.  call me if you want to talk further thanks for the article. 
john
would like to meet to review to make sure i understand.  may only take a 
couple minutes.  are you free at 330 on tuesday?
John,
I have the reporting package for March 2001 and 1Q 2001 for the Financial 
Team for you.
Would you like to meet to review or would you prefer that I just deliver it 
to you for your review?
Thank you,
Edie Leschber
X30669
remind jim how the h/j/k spread acted this year.  granted it won't behave 
that way again until close to expiry, but i like the j/k outright much moreso 
than the condor.
Caroline Abramo@
04/30/2001 12:24 PM
Jim Pulaski  btw,  that wasnt me buying the f-g/j-k on friday at 4
Latest comments FYI
- ng042901.doc
Hello:
I am not able to pull up the link for the short term outlook for natural 
gas.  Can you please make sure the link is updates.
Thanks,
John
can you get me the number of our contact at the Delano.  I have a personal 
favor to ask them.
john
pookie:
check this out:
www.sailmainecoast.com/index.html
212 836 5030
kimberly:
any interest in accompanying me to maggi's bd party sat nite?
sure
They are coming in Sunday night obviously ( the 13th of May)
We may do a dinner around 8pm -- if this is a yes --are you in you? wanna 
pick their brains with a one on one?
Jen Fraser
Enron Global Markets Fundamentals
713-853-4759
may be looking to sell some naked calls soon.  can you check that i would be 
approved to sell 200 of either 65 or 70's expiring somewhere between jul-jan. 
also, if i sell naked calls with a tenor of more than one year that expire 
worthless, do the gains get counted as LT cap gains?
sure, how about thursday at 3:30?   would like to get update on ENE's lng 
projects as well. 
Jonathan Whitehead @ ENRON   04/24/2001 07:28 AM
John, I have just arrived in Houston, and will be running the LNG Trading Shipping business. I worked for Louise for many years, and took over the 
European Gas business from her when she came over here a few years ago. I'd 
like to meet you and discuss a few issues. Do you have any time over the next 
few days? 
Thanks,
Jonathan
my numbers from mar 15.  would raise jun-augy by 10 cents because of the 
supportive weather we had from mar 15-apr 15
arnold
May-01	455
Jun-01	395
Jul-01	370
Aug-01	350
Sep-01	350
Oct-01	360
Nov-01	360
Dec-01	325
Jan-02	280
Jen Fraser
Enron Global Markets Fundamentals
713-853-4759
are we first?  if not, when does the road show start and/or when does the 
basic theme get distributed around the industry?
PIRA is coming in May to do their semi-annual energy outlook.
Greg Shuttlesworth- North American Natural Gas --- May 14th 3-5 pm (30 C1)
? New Production Outlook
? Price Direction
? Demand Fundamentals
Dr. Gary Ross - World Oil Outlook --- May 16th 7-8:30 am --32C2
? OIl/ Demand/ supply Outlook
? Regional balances
? OPEC Rhetoric
Jen Fraser
34759
1.   don't know.  some industrial shutdown is not gas price dependent.  some 
will not come back at the same prices it went off.  residential conservation 
i think is underestimated and has a severe lag effect that will not come back 
as prices fall.  as far as switching i dont think #2 is the floor some people 
think it is.  maybe #6 is the floor.
2.  you know my outlook for xh,  with slightly above normal weather jan goes 
out at 2.75 and that is not constrained by a #6 floor.  next jv, too far away 
to really run the numbers but think natty reestablishes itself as a 
$2.50-3.50 commodity 3. the obvious
4. yes.  believe if we end at 2.6 in the ground, the current nymex forward 
curve may be fairly priced.  my belief is that at the current prices we will 
end up with much more than 2.6 and that $5 is not value if we have 2.8 in the 
ground and gaining y on y.  circular argument that leads to my belief that 
prices must fall.
5.  not necessarily.  will loss of demand with normal weather cancel the fact 
that there will be much less demand destruction.  probably.
1- The above spreadsheet looks at HO-NG seasonally. It gives perspective on 
'normal relationships 
Things I need to clarify about your ng view
1- As gas plummets are you assuming that it regains all demand (industrial 
shutdowns and fuel switchers)?
2-What is your outlook for Nov-Mar 01 and Ap-oct 02
3- How does your view change with a normal, cold or warm winter ?
4- Is your view predicated on getting to 2.6  is easy and that world did not 
end this past winter a storage level of 2.6?
5- Do you believe that we will need to price some demand out again this 
winter?
Thanks
Stephanie:
Please set up Mike Maggi for trding on Intercontinental Exch.
Thanks,
John
can you send jean a list of her seat numbers
John,
I heard from Wes Colwell that you had been appointed by Lavorato to layout 
the sixth floor for gas.  This morning I spoke to Wes regarding the placement 
of the Upstream/Ecommerce desk on six.  I have taken 6 spaces but I need two 
more.  The two I would like to use (e29 & e30) are currently being occupied 
by the Central Region.  I would like to move these individuals to two spots 
right across from their current location (e35 & e36).
For your information, the current six spots that I have are :  e17, e18, e21, 
e22, e23 and e24.
Please call when you can.  Good luck trading 
, Mrha
thanks a lot
awfully close 
yes
Ina Rangel
04/23/2001 05:04 PM
John,
Have you cleared everything with Presto about having to move over one row to 
make room for Fred's group?
-Ina
SOblander@carrfut.com on 04/23/2001 10:15:27 AM
The information contained herein is based on sources that we believe to be
reliable, but we do not represent that it is accurate or complete.  Nothing
contained herein should be considered as an offer to sell or a solicitation
of an offer to buy any financial instruments discussed herein.  Any
opinions expressed herein are solely those of the author.  As such, they
may differ in material respects from those of, or expressed or published by
on behalf of Carr Futures or its officers, directors, employees or
affiliates.  , 2001 Carr Futures
The charts are now available on the web by clicking on the hot link(s)
contained in this email. If for any reason you are unable to receive the
charts via the web, please contact me via email and I will email the charts
to you as attachments.
Option Candlesticks
Carr Futures
150 S. Wacker Dr., Suite 1500
Chicago, IL 60606  USA
Tel:  312-368-6149
Fax:  312-368-2281
soblander@carrfut.com
fuck you
1sm2qs1@msn.com on 04/23/2001 10:48:39 AM
Please respond to bartonbarile113@cutey.com
Debt got you down?
You're not alone 
Consumer debt is at an all-time high.
If you are in debt more that $10,000, please read on.
Whether your debt dilemma is the result of illness,
unemployment, or overspending, it can all seem overwhelming.
Don't despair.
We can help you regain your financial foothold.
We invite you to find out what thousands
before you have already discovered. Fill out
our simplified form below for your free
consultation and see how much you can save!
Let us show you how to become debt free without
borrowing or filing bankruptcy.
Full Name:
Address:
City:
State:
Zip Code:
Home Phone:
Work Phone:
Best Time to Call:
E-Mail Address:
Estimated Debt Size($10,000 Min):
(No information ever provided to any third party sources)
This request is totally risk free.
No obligation or costs are incurred.
Thank you for your time.
To unsubscribe please hit reply and send a message with remove in the subject.
do you mind if i go out with the boys from work tonight?
Hello, I noticed you carried several of the 98 Zoom Zins.  Any chance you 
have the 33 year old vines version?  Please advise,
John
you think i'm going to put this in ellectronic form?  no way 
arnold
May-01	
Jun-01	
Jul-01	
Aug-01	
Sep-01	
Oct-01	
Nov-01	
Dec-01	
Jan-02	
Jen Fraser
Enron Global Markets Fundamentals
713-853-4759
SOblander@carrfut.com on 04/19/2001 10:50:12 AM
The information contained herein is based on sources that we believe to be
reliable, but we do not represent that it is accurate or complete.  Nothing
contained herein should be considered as an offer to sell or a solicitation
of an offer to buy any financial instruments discussed herein.  Any
opinions expressed herein are solely those of the author.  As such, they
may differ in material respects from those of, or expressed or published by
on behalf of Carr Futures or its officers, directors, employees or
affiliates.  , 2001 Carr Futures
The charts are now available on the web by clicking on the hot link(s)
contained in this email. If for any reason you are unable to receive the
charts via the web, please contact me via email and I will email the charts
to you as attachments.
Option Candlesticks
Carr Futures
150 S. Wacker Dr., Suite 1500
Chicago, IL 60606  USA
Tel:  312-368-6149
Fax:  312-368-2281
soblander@carrfut.com
welcome to the world of electronic market making. ..      it's fun ,huh?
Hey dickhead....quit arbing me on ice.  When are we going to another
Rocket's game so I can  when my fucking money back?
Mike:
Please resend the forms needed although I may have sent the necessary docs 
with the courier that delivered the check.  Do not believe we've seen the 
worst yet.
Will not be looking to put more money to work on the long only side for a 
while.  Even with the rally today I do not believe we've seen the worst yet.
John -
Yes, we received your check and forms.  The check has been deposited and the
forms have been processed.  The actual debits for hedge fund subscriptions
will begin on April 24th.
As for naked options, I believe we sent the paperwork for naked options to
you in February, but I don't believe we got it back.  Also, I'm concerned
about the margin requirements for naked options interfering with funds
available for the hedge fund subscriptions on April 24th.
I also have an ACCESS manager portfolio presentation for you to review
concerning the long-stock portion of your portfolio.  I'm thinking we could
knock out the paperwork, discuss protecting your liquidity for the hedge
funds vs. naked option margin requirements, and walk you through the ACCESS
manager proposal in about 30-45 minutes if you're available around 5 PM
tonight or tomorrow night.  With   to the marginable equity for naked
options question, are the stocks at Fidelity held in joint name?
Thanks,
Mike
mike:
just want to confirm you received my money and forms.
also, checking to see if i am set up to sell naked calls on ENE.  may be
looking to do something this week.  probably 100-200 contracts.
john
Notice Regarding Entry of Orders and Instructions: Please
do not transmit orders and/or instructions regarding your
PaineWebber account(s) by e-mail. Orders and/or instructions
transmitted by e-mail will not be accepted by PaineWebber and
PaineWebber will not be responsible for carrying out such orders
and/or instructions.  Notice Regarding Privacy and Confidentiality:
PaineWebber reserves the right to monitor and review the content of
all e-mail communications sent and/or received by its employees.
Please send it to me.
john
John,
We are trying to transfer your bloomberg account and need to know who within 
Let me know.
Thanks,
Julie
Hi Julie. I noticed the contracts have been received.  However, "North 
America"
has been crossed off the contract. That is the name it was signed under and
still the current trading name for Emissions and Natural gas. Not sure if it
was a mistake or not. Anyway - please get back to me when you can. I am going
to try to set up a meeting with the gas guys for tomorrow 4/17. Thanks
Outlook Migration Team@
04/17/2001 12:52 PM
Current Notes User: 
To ensure that you experience a successful migration from Notes to Outlook, 
it is necessary to gather individual user information prior to your date of 
migration.  Please take a few minutes to completely fill out the following 
survey.  When you finish, simply click on the 'Reply' button then hit 'Send Your survey will automatically be sent to the Outlook 2000 Migration Mailbox.
Thank you.
Outlook 2000 Migration Team
Full Name 
Login ID 
Extension 
Office Location 
What type of computer do you have?  (Desktop,  Laptop,  Both 
Do you have a PDA?  If yes, what type do you have:   (None, IPAQ, Palm Pilot, 
Jornada 
Do you have permission to access anyone's Email/Calendar     If yes, who 
Does anyone have permission to access your Email/Calendar     If yes, who 
Are you responsible for updating anyone else's address book     If yes, who 
Is anyone else responsible for updating your address book     If yes, who 
Do you have access to a shared calendar     If yes, which shared calendar 
Do you have any Distribution Groups that Messaging maintains for you (for 
mass mailings     If yes, please list here 
Please list all Notes databases applications that you currently use 
In our efforts to plan the exact date/time of your migration, we also will 
need to know:
Will you be out of the office in the near future for vacation, leave, etc?
If so, when?        From (MM/DD/YY):      To (MM/DD/YY 
jeanie:
i really need the docs on both phantom stock and options please
please
please
john
1&mid=11711
7:2 at 2:1
new odds
Jen Fraser
Enron Global Markets Fundamentals
713-853-4759
i'll take 10:1 this morning
thats pleasant
Jen Fraser
Enron Global Markets Fundamentals
713-853-4759
eat my shorts
3:1 and your on
Jen Fraser
Enron Global Markets Fundamentals
713-853-4759
the implied market on that from put spreads is 5.3:1.    I'll take 4:1 that's all the juice i'll pay.
Most import  - the wager - I will take the over on May NG (4.95). 2:1 is 
okay--- $5 per penny okay? 
Agree - Products
Rally is not different for products. 92% of heating oil is made ondemand  
(storage is not as important as in nat gas) Heat will get ugly this October 
and then give it up (unless we have 7 blizzzards in the Northeast very 
early SOme things to consider :
1- in the next 3-4 weeks we will finish the very heavy maintenance season and 
be in full blown gasoline season.
- yields will be preferentially shifted for HU
3- nobody will pay any attention to HO
2-HO will have incremental demand due to utlity switching and will quietly 
build slower than last year 
4- therefore by September everyone will freak out
5- After the OCtober contract expires (HO) , everyone will realize (similar 
to NG) that the world will not end.
Where does this get us:
1- Sell q3 HU crack and by Q4HO crack (By the time q3 prices out--the wind 
will have been taken out of HU sails - plus you can do it month 
avg--therefore less noise)
2-Benefit from heat's recent excitement -- sell HO calls (June -Aug), buy ng 
puts nov-jan
Ng-Disagree:
I think prices stay high through June. The big drop off come some where in 
July 15 to Aug 15 and downhill from there. (Looks like 1998)
Jen Fraser
Enron Global Markets Fundamentals
713-853-4759
the only change that's happened to my long term outlook has been that the 
weather in the short term has been more bullish and we'll have 30 or so bcf 
less storage than i was anticpating in two weeks.  so yea, my curve is a 
touch higher, but it doesnt change my longer term view.  most of the move 
this week was a short sqeeze of spec shorts combined with a strong heat 
market.  a little concerned about heat, but also saw products very strong 
going into the season this past winter only to stage a huge failure.  not 
convinced this rally in products is different 
where's your curve now?
MAy
June
Jul
Aug
Sep
Oct
Nov
Dec Jan 02
Jen Fraser
Enron Global Markets Fundamentals
713-853-4759
That's what I'm talking ABOUT 
?
You've read?the Innovator's Dilemma.?  Now learn?the  latest 
Clay??Christensen?
?How can I know in advance if something is a high-potential  disruptive 
market opportunity?
?
3:30pm,?Wednesday,?April?18th
Spangler  Auditorium
Come  watch?Clay Christensenshare his?most recent?thoughts  on?disruption innovation?and business.
Part of the HBS Student Association's Thought Leadership Speaker Series
Be sure not  to miss:
Michael  Porter:??Strategy: New  Learnings:?3:30pm,??Tuesday, 
April?17th?Spangler Auditorium
Tom Eisenmann: Get Big Fast? Promise and Peril on the  Path to the Evernet
3:00pm, Thursday, April 19th Aldrich  110
Rosabeth Moss Kanter: Evolve!:  Succeeding in the Digital Culture of Tomorrow
4:30pm, Thursday,  April 19th Aldrich 109
mike:
just want to confirm you received my money and forms.
also, checking to see if i am set up to sell naked calls on ENE.  may be 
looking to do something this week.  probably 100-200 contracts john
the 14 mm loss was due to a booking mistake that could not be corrected 
before the books were posted and is being corrected tonight
Chris Abel
04/16/2001 01:08 PM
Mike, can you please provide an explanation for the $71mm loss on the 11th 
and the $31mm loss on the 12th, for reporting purposes?
John, can you please provide an explanation for the $14mm loss on the 12th, 
for reporting purposes?
Thanks,
Chris Abel
Manager, Risk Controls and Consolidated Risk Reporting
fuck you
Please respond to francielou3224@comic.com
Got debt? We can help using Debt Consolidation!
If you owe $10,000 USD or more, consolidate your debt
into just 1 payment and let us handle the rest!
Wouldn't it be nice to have to worry about just 1
fee instead of half a dozen? We think so too.
- You do not have to own a home
- You do not need another loan
- No credit checks required
- Approval within 3 business days
- Available to all US citizens
For a FREE, no obligation, consultation, please fill
out the form below and return it to us. Paying bills
should not be a chore, and your life should be as easy
and simple as possible. So take advantage of this
great offer!
(All fields are required)
Full Name Address City State Zip Code Home Phone Work Phone Best Time to Call E-Mail Address Estimated Debt Size :
Thank You
To receive no further offers from our company regarding
this matter or any other matter, please reply to this
e-mail with the word 'Remove' in the subject line.
remember when you said there is a reason they call them bear spreads?
bring up a chart of f/g or g/h f/g is tighter now than anytime since march 99 when ff1 was worth 2.50
amazing
yep
Brian Hoskins@MUNICATIONS
11/06/2000 11:08 AM
John,
Are you available to install the Enron Messenger application today at 4pm?
Brian
Brian T. Hoskins
Enron Broadband Services
713-853-0380 (office)
713-412-3667 (mobile)
713-646-5745 (fax)
Brian_Hoskins@.net
i'll take 10:1 this morning
thats pleasant
Jen Fraser
Enron Global Markets Fundamentals
713-853-4759
eat my shorts
3:1 and your on
Jen Fraser
Enron Global Markets Fundamentals
713-853-4759
the implied market on that from put spreads is 5.3:1.    I'll take 4:1 that's all the juice i'll pay.
Most import  - the wager - I will take the over on May NG (4.95). 2:1 is 
okay--- $5 per penny okay? 
Agree - Products
Rally is not different for products. 92% of heating oil is made ondemand  
(storage is not as important as in nat gas) Heat will get ugly this October 
and then give it up (unless we have 7 blizzzards in the Northeast very 
early SOme things to consider :
1- in the next 3-4 weeks we will finish the very heavy maintenance season and 
be in full blown gasoline season.
- yields will be preferentially shifted for HU
3- nobody will pay any attention to HO
2-HO will have incremental demand due to utlity switching and will quietly 
build slower than last year 
4- therefore by September everyone will freak out
5- After the OCtober contract expires (HO) , everyone will realize (similar 
to NG) that the world will not end.
Where does this get us:
1- Sell q3 HU crack and by Q4HO crack (By the time q3 prices out--the wind 
will have been taken out of HU sails - plus you can do it month 
avg--therefore less noise)
2-Benefit from heat's recent excitement -- sell HO calls (June -Aug), buy ng 
puts nov-jan
Ng-Disagree:
I think prices stay high through June. The big drop off come some where in 
July 15 to Aug 15 and downhill from there. (Looks like 1998)
Jen Fraser
Enron Global Markets Fundamentals
713-853-4759
the only change that's happened to my long term outlook has been that the 
weather in the short term has been more bullish and we'll have 30 or so bcf 
less storage than i was anticpating in two weeks.  so yea, my curve is a 
touch higher, but it doesnt change my longer term view.  most of the move 
this week was a short sqeeze of spec shorts combined with a strong heat 
market.  a little concerned about heat, but also saw products very strong 
going into the season this past winter only to stage a huge failure.  not 
convinced this rally in products is different 
where's your curve now?
MAy
June
Jul
Aug
Sep
Oct
Nov
Dec Jan 02
Jen Fraser
Enron Global Markets Fundamentals
713-853-4759
schedule 30 min to sit down with me either mon or tues after 430.  if you 
want to get info, sending out an email survey is not the right way.  much 
easier to respond to a question in voice rather than typing it out 
Hello Mr. Arnold,
Thank you for speaking with me today with Kenneth Parkhill.  Unfortunately,
none of my teammates are available to meet with you today.  Would you please
review our questionnaire and reply back to me with your comments about the
questionnaire and answers to any questions that apply to your work.
We will follow up with you later this week if we have questions.  Thank you
for your help.
Charles Womack
2002 Rice MBA Candidate
281-413-8147
cwomack@rice.edu
- Questionnaire.doc
eat my shorts
3:1 and your on
Jen Fraser
Enron Global Markets Fundamentals
713-853-4759
the implied market on that from put spreads is 5.3:1.    I'll take 4:1 that's all the juice i'll pay.
Most import  - the wager - I will take the over on May NG (4.95). 2:1 is 
okay--- $5 per penny okay? 
Agree - Products
Rally is not different for products. 92% of heating oil is made ondemand  
(storage is not as important as in nat gas) Heat will get ugly this October 
and then give it up (unless we have 7 blizzzards in the Northeast very 
early SOme things to consider :
1- in the next 3-4 weeks we will finish the very heavy maintenance season and 
be in full blown gasoline season.
- yields will be preferentially shifted for HU
3- nobody will pay any attention to HO
2-HO will have incremental demand due to utlity switching and will quietly 
build slower than last year 
4- therefore by September everyone will freak out
5- After the OCtober contract expires (HO) , everyone will realize (similar 
to NG) that the world will not end.
Where does this get us:
1- Sell q3 HU crack and by Q4HO crack (By the time q3 prices out--the wind 
will have been taken out of HU sails - plus you can do it month 
avg--therefore less noise)
2-Benefit from heat's recent excitement -- sell HO calls (June -Aug), buy ng 
puts nov-jan
Ng-Disagree:
I think prices stay high through June. The big drop off come some where in 
July 15 to Aug 15 and downhill from there. (Looks like 1998)
Jen Fraser
Enron Global Markets Fundamentals
713-853-4759
the only change that's happened to my long term outlook has been that the 
weather in the short term has been more bullish and we'll have 30 or so bcf 
less storage than i was anticpating in two weeks.  so yea, my curve is a 
touch higher, but it doesnt change my longer term view.  most of the move 
this week was a short sqeeze of spec shorts combined with a strong heat 
market.  a little concerned about heat, but also saw products very strong 
going into the season this past winter only to stage a huge failure.  not 
convinced this rally in products is different 
where's your curve now?
MAy
June
Jul
Aug
Sep
Oct
Nov
Dec Jan 02
Jen Fraser
Enron Global Markets Fundamentals
713-853-4759
fuck you
239b3989d@msn.com on 04/14/2001 05:42:02 AM
Please respond to leehouse211@asia.com
How would you like to take all of your debt, reduce
or eliminate the interest, pay less per month,and
pay them off sooner?
We have helped over 20,000 people do just that.
If you are interested, we invite you request our free
information by provide the following information.
Full Name:
Address:
City:
State:
Zip Code:
Home Phone:
Work Phone:
Best Time to Call:
E-Mail Address:
Estimated Debt Size:
(All information is kept securely and never
provided to any third party sources)
This request is totally risk free.
No obligation or costs are incurred.
To unsubscribe please hit reply and send a message with
remove in the subject.
fuck you
8aya1r@msn.com on 04/15/2001 07:41:06 AM
Please respond to korydegan4034@publicist.com
Are you behind in bills?
Late on a payment?
Let us help you get out of debt NOW!
If you are interested, we invite you to request free
information at the end of this form.
What we can do to help YOU!
* Stop harrassment by creditors.
* Reduce your principal balance up to 50%
* Consolidate your debts into one low monthly payment
* Improve your credit rating
* Lower your monthly payments by 40% - 60%
Things to keep in mind:
* There is no need to own property
* There is no need to own any equity
* This is not a loan
This is a program that has helped thousands just like YOU!
If you are interested, we invite you to read our free
information please provide the following information:
Full Name:
Address:
City:
State:
Zip Code:
Home Phone:
Work Phone:
Best Time to Call:
E-Mail Address:
Estimated Debt Size:
(All information is kept securely and never
provided to any third party sources)
To unsubscribe please hit reply and send a message with
remove in the subject.
This request is totally risk free.
No obligation or costs are incurred.
fuck you
y6qa@msn.com on 04/15/2001 07:41:11 AM
Please respond to annamaedicastro2195@witty.com
Are you behind in bills?
Late on a payment?
Let us help you get out of debt NOW!
If you are interested, we invite you to request free
information at the end of this form.
What we can do to help YOU!
* Stop harrassment by creditors.
* Reduce your principal balance up to 50%
* Consolidate your debts into one low monthly payment
* Improve your credit rating
* Lower your monthly payments by 40% - 60%
Things to keep in mind:
* There is no need to own property
* There is no need to own any equity
* This is not a loan
This is a program that has helped thousands just like YOU!
If you are interested, we invite you to read our free
information please provide the following information:
Full Name:
Address:
City:
State:
Zip Code:
Home Phone:
Work Phone:
Best Time to Call:
E-Mail Address:
Estimated Debt Size:
(All information is kept securely and never
provided to any third party sources)
To unsubscribe please hit reply and send a message with
remove in the subject.
This request is totally risk free.
No obligation or costs are incurred.
i dont remember if we fixed these yet.
herve.duteil@americas.bnpparibas.com on 04/10/2001 04:05:06 PM
John,
Sorry again...  my last 2 trades (EOL # 1112587 & 1112596 - I sell 1/2 day 
twice
@5.55 on May) were done again by mistake on US Gas Daily instead of NYMEX.
I have called your help desk to try to remove US Gas Daily from my NYMEX 
screen
which we cannot do so far unless I select each quote individually.  However 
this
would run the additional problem of not showing up new tenors you may 
introduce
over time.
Thank you and 
Herve
Ce message et toutes les pieces jointes (ci-apres le "message") sont etablis 
a l'intention exclusive de ses destinataires et sont confidentiels. Si vous 
recevez ce message par erreur, merci de le detruire et d'en avertir 
immediatement l'expediteur.
Toute utilisation de ce message non conforme a sa destination, toute 
diffusion ou toute publication, totale ou partielle, est interdite, sauf 
autorisation expresse.
L'internet ne permettant pas d'assurer l'integrite de ce message, BNP PARIBAS 
(et ses filiales) decline(nt) toute responsabilite au titre de ce message, 
dans l'hypothese ou il aurait ete modifie.
Any use not in accord with its purpose, any dissemination or disclosure, 
either whole or partial, is prohibited except formal approval.
The internet can not guarantee the integrity of this message. BNP PARIBAS 
(and its subsidiaries) shall (will) not therefore be liable for the message 
if modified.
the implied market on that from put spreads is 5.3:1.    I'll take 4:1 that's all the juice i'll pay.
Most import  - the wager - I will take the over on May NG (4.95). 2:1 is 
okay--- $5 per penny okay? 
Agree - Products
Rally is not different for products. 92% of heating oil is made ondemand  
(storage is not as important as in nat gas) Heat will get ugly this October 
and then give it up (unless we have 7 blizzzards in the Northeast very 
early SOme things to consider :
1- in the next 3-4 weeks we will finish the very heavy maintenance season and 
be in full blown gasoline season.
- yields will be preferentially shifted for HU
3- nobody will pay any attention to HO
2-HO will have incremental demand due to utlity switching and will quietly 
build slower than last year 
4- therefore by September everyone will freak out
5- After the OCtober contract expires (HO) , everyone will realize (similar 
to NG) that the world will not end.
Where does this get us:
1- Sell q3 HU crack and by Q4HO crack (By the time q3 prices out--the wind 
will have been taken out of HU sails - plus you can do it month 
avg--therefore less noise)
2-Benefit from heat's recent excitement -- sell HO calls (June -Aug), buy ng 
puts nov-jan
Ng-Disagree:
I think prices stay high through June. The big drop off come some where in 
July 15 to Aug 15 and downhill from there. (Looks like 1998)
Jen Fraser
Enron Global Markets Fundamentals
713-853-4759
the only change that's happened to my long term outlook has been that the 
weather in the short term has been more bullish and we'll have 30 or so bcf 
less storage than i was anticpating in two weeks.  so yea, my curve is a 
touch higher, but it doesnt change my longer term view.  most of the move 
this week was a short sqeeze of spec shorts combined with a strong heat 
market.  a little concerned about heat, but also saw products very strong 
going into the season this past winter only to stage a huge failure.  not 
convinced this rally in products is different 
where's your curve now?
MAy
June
Jul
Aug
Sep
Oct
Nov
Dec Jan 02
Jen Fraser
Enron Global Markets Fundamentals
713-853-4759
Average volume is 35,000-40,000 on nymex of which about half is spreads.  So 
around 20,000 outrights trade.  We trade more than that on EOL.  Today's 
conditions 1000 lot market would be 3-4 cents wide.  have executed trades as 
large as 10,000 across a longer term and 1000 lot clips in the front 
frequently.
Caroline Abramo@
04/12/2001 06:48 AM
John/ Mike- could you give me a sense of the below on nat gas..
thanks,
ca
Caroline Abramo
04/11/2001 12:22 PM
This is a program trader in San Diego with about 1 Billion in Capital.  They 
concentrate on front month trading- both swaps and options.  they are looking 
for liquidity and want to know:
1. size of the financial markets- what is the daily trading volume like?
2. bid/offer on size.. like 10,000 to start and then 5,000..1,000 - only for 
the front month on swaps and options?
3. what kind of size we have seen go through directly from anyone?
They want to know this for nat gas: I can talk to John and Mike on this
Rus- can you please get this on WTI, heat, and unleaded.
I want to try to get this to them today... we'll be getting a lot of these 
inquiries.
Also, they trade through Carr futures, Merrill, Morgan Stanley, and 
JPM/Chase.. What they want to do is trade with us and then we'll give-up the 
trades to the above counterparties.. in effect, we will not have any credit 
exposure..I can explain this in our meeting.
Thanks,
CA
Dave:
I need a favor.  I'm trying to create an internal only Cal 2002 product for 
our power guys. Product controls is saying it will take  a week from monday 
to get it created.  any way to speed it up?
SOblander@carrfut.com on 11/06/2000 07:28:53 AM
The information contained herein is based on sources that we believe to be
reliable, but we do not represent that it is accurate or complete.  Nothing
contained herein should be considered as an offer to sell or a solicitation
of an offer to buy any financial instruments discussed herein.  Any
opinions expressed herein are solely those of the author.  As such, they
may differ in material respects from those of, or expressed or published by
on behalf of Carr Futures or its officers, directors, employees or
affiliates.  , 2000 Carr Futures
The charts are now available on the web by clicking on the hot link(s)
contained in this email. If for any reason you are unable to receive the
charts via the web, please contact me via email and I will email the charts
to you as attachments.
Crude Natural Gas Distillate Unleaded 
Nat Gas Strip Matrix
Nat Gas Spread Matrix
Crude and Products Spread Matrix
April Crude 
the only change that's happened to my long term outlook has been that the 
weather in the short term has been more bullish and we'll have 30 or so bcf 
less storage than i was anticpating in two weeks.  so yea, my curve is a 
touch higher, but it doesnt change my longer term view.  most of the move 
this week was a short sqeeze of spec shorts combined with a strong heat 
market.  a little concerned about heat, but also saw products very strong 
going into the season this past winter only to stage a huge failure.  not 
convinced this rally in products is different 
where's your curve now?
MAy
June
Jul
Aug
Sep
Oct
Nov
Dec Jan 02
Jen Fraser
Enron Global Markets Fundamentals
713-853-4759
what kind of odds.   the market is saying it's 8:1 chance.  I'm saying there 
is a much better chance than that.  i think it's 2:1
wanna wager on that?
Jen Fraser
Enron Global Markets Fundamentals
713-853-4759
may = 495  the rest is the same
where's your curve now?
MAy
June
Jul
Aug
Sep
Oct
Nov
Dec Jan 02
Jen Fraser
Enron Global Markets Fundamentals
713-853-4759
2.75 ... but yea
2.50 fir jan02?
Jen Fraser
Enron Global Markets Fundamentals
713-853-4759
may = 495  the rest is the same
where's your curve now?
MAy
June
Jul
Aug
Sep
Oct
Nov
Dec Jan 02
Jen Fraser
Enron Global Markets Fundamentals
713-853-4759
may = 495  the rest is the same
where's your curve now?
MAy
June
Jul
Aug
Sep
Oct
Nov
Dec Jan 02
Jen Fraser
Enron Global Markets Fundamentals
713-853-4759
looks good to me.  have you sent for materials yet?
I found a good place - Bay Area Sailing.  When you have time, go to their 
website - www.bayareasailing.com and let me know what you think.
John Arnold
04/11/2001 08:43 AM
australia definitely sounds cool.  might be a little tough though i'd be in for keemah if you want to do that
I'm still going to do it.  I found out about one trip/lessons - 7 days in 
Austrailia (Great Barrier Reef) - October - 40 ft. Beneteau - you are ASA 
certified at the end.  In other words, you could rent a sailboat anywhere in 
the world when you are done.  However, as fun and as cool as it sounds - it 
may not be doable 
Also, got the name of a guy in Keemah that my friends took lessons from a few 
years ago.  I might give him a call - he may be expensive - they had their 
own boat.
I will keep you posted -
John Arnold
04/08/2001 08:15 PM
hey:
just wondering if you're still up for sailing lessons and if you've found out 
anything 
i went to get the tix this morn and couldnt get them.  i'll probably go to 
dinner.   sorry
So do your plans for tonight involve business or pleasure?
___________________________________________________________________
To get your own FREE ZDNet Onebox - FREE voicemail, email, and fax,
all in one place - sign up today at  
australia definitely sounds cool.  might be a little tough though i'd be in for keemah if you want to do that
I'm still going to do it.  I found out about one trip/lessons - 7 days in 
Austrailia (Great Barrier Reef) - October - 40 ft. Beneteau - you are ASA 
certified at the end.  In other words, you could rent a sailboat anywhere in 
the world when you are done.  However, as fun and as cool as it sounds - it 
may not be doable 
Also, got the name of a guy in Keemah that my friends took lessons from a few 
years ago.  I might give him a call - he may be expensive - they had their 
own boat.
I will keep you posted -
John Arnold
04/08/2001 08:15 PM
hey:
just wondering if you're still up for sailing lessons and if you've found out 
anything 
SOblander@carrfut.com on 04/10/2001 07:28:36 AM
The information contained herein is based on sources that we believe to be
reliable, but we do not represent that it is accurate or complete.  Nothing
contained herein should be considered as an offer to sell or a solicitation
of an offer to buy any financial instruments discussed herein.  Any
opinions expressed herein are solely those of the author.  As such, they
may differ in material respects from those of, or expressed or published by
on behalf of Carr Futures or its officers, directors, employees or
affiliates.  , 2001 Carr Futures
The charts are now available on the web by clicking on the hot link(s)
contained in this email. If for any reason you are unable to receive the
charts via the web, please contact me via email and I will email the charts
to you as attachments.
Option Candlesticks
Carr Futures
150 S. Wacker Dr., Suite 1500
Chicago, IL 60606  USA
Tel:  312-368-6149
Fax:  312-368-2281
soblander@carrfut.com
herve.duteil@americas.bnpparibas.com on 04/10/2001 07:20:32 AM
Hi John !
My mistake again early morning...  I clicked on Gas Daily Henry Hub (EOL
#1107435,    I buy 5,000 MMBtu/day  May @ 5.51)  instead of NYMEX.
Could you change it to NYMEX ?
Thank you and sorry again,
Herve
Ce message et toutes les pieces jointes (ci-apres le "message") sont etablis 
a l'intention exclusive de ses destinataires et sont confidentiels. Si vous 
recevez ce message par erreur, merci de le detruire et d'en avertir 
immediatement l'expediteur.
Toute utilisation de ce message non conforme a sa destination, toute 
diffusion ou toute publication, totale ou partielle, est interdite, sauf 
autorisation expresse.
L'internet ne permettant pas d'assurer l'integrite de ce message, BNP PARIBAS 
(et ses filiales) decline(nt) toute responsabilite au titre de ce message, 
dans l'hypothese ou il aurait ete modifie.
Any use not in accord with its purpose, any dissemination or disclosure, 
either whole or partial, is prohibited except formal approval.
The internet can not guarantee the integrity of this message. BNP PARIBAS 
(and its subsidiaries) shall (will) not therefore be liable for the message 
if modified.
Is it possible to reschedule the commercial meeting from Wednesday Wednesday is the busiest day of the week for the gas floor.   Please advise,
John
Jeanie Slone
11/02/2000 03:56 PM
Mark you calendars for the Gas and Power Trading PRC meetings to be held  
Wed. November 29 (Commercial) and Mon. December 4(Commercial Support)  You 
will receive specific information regarding times and locations soon.
If you would like additional members of your staff to attend the meeting to 
provide feedback, please submit their names to me by November 10.
A formal Gas pre-ranking meeting is not scheduled.  However, if you are 
interested in conducting a pre-PRC meeting, please contact me by November 10.
,
Jeanie
X5-3847
yes
herve.duteil@americas.bnpparibas.com on 04/10/2001 07:20:32 AM
Hi John !
My mistake again early morning...  I clicked on Gas Daily Henry Hub (EOL
#1107435,    I buy 5,000 MMBtu/day  May @ 5.51)  instead of NYMEX.
Could you change it to NYMEX ?
Thank you and sorry again,
Herve
Ce message et toutes les pieces jointes (ci-apres le "message") sont etablis 
a l'intention exclusive de ses destinataires et sont confidentiels. Si vous 
recevez ce message par erreur, merci de le detruire et d'en avertir 
immediatement l'expediteur.
Toute utilisation de ce message non conforme a sa destination, toute 
diffusion ou toute publication, totale ou partielle, est interdite, sauf 
autorisation expresse.
L'internet ne permettant pas d'assurer l'integrite de ce message, BNP PARIBAS 
(et ses filiales) decline(nt) toute responsabilite au titre de ce message, 
dans l'hypothese ou il aurait ete modifie.
Any use not in accord with its purpose, any dissemination or disclosure, 
either whole or partial, is prohibited except formal approval.
The internet can not guarantee the integrity of this message. BNP PARIBAS 
(and its subsidiaries) shall (will) not therefore be liable for the message 
if modified.
fuck you
hey:
just wondering if you're still up for sailing lessons and if you've found out 
anything 
Took the wrong checkbook to work Friday.  Will call your courier on Monday 
hopefully.
John
what's your view of crude from here over next 1-4 weeks?
SOblander@carrfut.com on 04/06/2001 08:36:38 AM
The information contained herein is based on sources that we believe to be
reliable, but we do not represent that it is accurate or complete.  Nothing
contained herein should be considered as an offer to sell or a solicitation
of an offer to buy any financial instruments discussed herein.  Any
opinions expressed herein are solely those of the author.  As such, they
may differ in material respects from those of, or expressed or published by
on behalf of Carr Futures or its officers, directors, employees or
affiliates.  , 2001 Carr Futures
The charts are now available on the web by clicking on the hot link(s)
contained in this email. If for any reason you are unable to receive the
charts via the web, please contact me via email and I will email the charts
to you as attachments.
Option Candlesticks
Carr Futures
150 S. Wacker Dr., Suite 1500
Chicago, IL 60606  USA
Tel:  312-368-6149
Fax:  312-368-2281
soblander@carrfut.com
SOblander@carrfut.com on 04/06/2001 08:36:38 AM
The information contained herein is based on sources that we believe to be
reliable, but we do not represent that it is accurate or complete.  Nothing
contained herein should be considered as an offer to sell or a solicitation
of an offer to buy any financial instruments discussed herein.  Any
opinions expressed herein are solely those of the author.  As such, they
may differ in material respects from those of, or expressed or published by
on behalf of Carr Futures or its officers, directors, employees or
affiliates.  , 2001 Carr Futures
The charts are now available on the web by clicking on the hot link(s)
contained in this email. If for any reason you are unable to receive the
charts via the web, please contact me via email and I will email the charts
to you as attachments.
Option Candlesticks
Carr Futures
150 S. Wacker Dr., Suite 1500
Chicago, IL 60606  USA
Tel:  312-368-6149
Fax:  312-368-2281
soblander@carrfut.com
agree
Kristi Tharpe  Please reply to this correspondence to cancel deal id 131585680 between
John Neslon of Duke Energy Trading and Marketing LLC and John Arnold of
Product:  NG Fin, FP for LD1 Henry Hub tailgate - Louisiana
Strip:  May01-Oct01
Quantity: 2,500 MMBtus daily
Total Quantity:  460,000 MMBtus
Price/Rate: 5.57 USD / MMBtu
Effective Date:  May 1, 2001
Termination Date: October 31, 2001
Please call the ICE Help Desk at 770.738.2101 with any questions.
Thanks,
Kristi Tharpe
IntercontinentalExchange, LLC
2100 RiverEdge Parkway, Fourth Floor
Atlanta, GA 30328
Phone:    770-738-2101
ktharpe@intcx.com
good to me.  get prices for the different types of rooms
Look what I found 
There aren't many photos, but it sounds nice.  Travelocity.com shows
cheaper, promotional rates.  And I'll find out from Paula where she made
her reservations.
I'm done.  It's all up to you now.
Jen
___________________________________________________________________
To get your own FREE ZDNet Onebox - FREE voicemail, email, and fax,
all in one place - sign up today at  
Errol:
I did not write up these access trades from Friday.  Please make sure they 
are in.
John
Greg asked me send you the ACCESS trades you did last night/this morning.
B     37     Z       4720
B     13     Z       4810
B      5      Z       4815
S     20     H       4436
Thank you.
Joseph Mancino
E.D. & F. Man International
(212)566-9700
got tix for tonight
assume we're driving the 328 up to mom this friday after work
assuming we're driving the car to dallas tomorrow after work 
liz:
are the diamonds still available for tonight's game?
sandra delgado                                            AGENT SS/SS BOOKING REF
YFRJLU
WHITE/JENNIFER
ENRON
1400 SMITH
HOUSTON TX 77002
ATTN: JOHN ARNOLD
DATE:  MAR 30 2001                   ENRON
SERVICE               DATE  FROM           TO             DEPART
ARRIVE
CONTINENTAL AIRLINES  12APR HOUSTON TX     NEW YORK NY    335P    817P
CO 1700    V          THU   G.BUSH INTERCO LA GUARDIA
TERMINAL C     TERMINAL M
SNACK                         NON STOP
RESERVATION CONFIRMED         3:42 DURATION
AIRCRAFT: BOEING 737-300
SEAT 14E NO SMOKING CONFIRMED
WHITE/JENNIFER
CONTINENTAL AIRLINES  15APR NEWARK NJ      HOUSTON TX     1100A   139P
CO 209     Q          SUN   NEWARK INTL    G.BUSH INTERCO
TERMINAL C     TERMINAL C
SNACK                         NON STOP
RESERVATION CONFIRMED         3:39 DURATION
AIRCRAFT: MCDONNELL DOUGLAS DC-10 ALL SERIES
SEAT 29L NO SMOKING CONFIRMED
WHITE/JENNIFER
AIR FARE 248.37       TAX 27.13           TOTAL USD
275.50
INVOICE TOTAL USD
275.50
PAYMENT: CCVI4128003323411978/0801/A234211
RESERVATION NUMBER(S)  CO/OMMLDH
WHITE/JENNIFER                           TICKET:CO/ETKT 005 7026661562
**CONTINENTAL RECORD LOCATOR: OMMLDH
THIS IS A TICKETLESS RESERVATION. PLEASE HAVE A
PICTURE ID AVAILABLE AT THE AIRPORT. THANK YOU
NON-REFUNDABLE TKT MINIMUM $100.00 CHANGE FEE
THANK YOU FOR CALLING VITOL TRAVEL
__________________________________________________
Do You Yahoo!?
Get email at your own domain with Yahoo! Mail.
arrive some time friday night leave some time sunday.
Karen Arnold  Fax or email me your itinerary for the weekend.  Fax 972-690-5151!  Mom
do you still have the magazine and if so can you send it to me?
Jarnold
- Jarnold.jpg
i read this as though 1.5 bcf/d of more switching takes place in the summer 
versus today.  is that because of the forward curves are backwardated for 2 
and contango for natty?
Given the shape of the curve, my guess for incremental substitution is 
1.5Bcf/d for No2 oil So for the period  May-Sep01 an extra 1.5Bcf/d will be put back into the 
system due to No2 oil usage.
Futures Settlements                                          		Mar27-01 	NG	CL	BRT	HO	GSL	HU	PN	
$/Mmbtu	$/BBL	$/BBL	Cts/Gal	$/ MT	Cts/Gal	Cts/gal	
APR1	5.621	 27.75 	25.40	0.7794	216.25	0.9395	0.5375	
MAY1	5.661	 27.84 	25.50	0.737	213.75	0.9306	0.5375	
JUN1	5.703	 27.66 	25.39	0.7235	212.25	0.9111	0.5400	
JUL1	5.738	 27.40 	25.26	0.724	212.50	0.8853	0.5425	
AUG1	5.753	 27.12 	25.09	0.727	213.00	0.8558	0.5450	
SEP1	5.713	 26.85 	24.91	0.7325	213.00	0.819	0.5475	
OCT1	5.708	 26.58 	24.73	0.739	213.50	0.7765	0.5575	
NOV1 	5.813	 26.31 	24.53	0.745	214.25	0.7525	0.5600	
DEC1	5.913	 26.03 	24.27	0.7490	215.00	0.739	0.5600	
Futures Settlements  DIFFS VS NG (USD/ MMBTU)   (CDTY- 
NG 	NG	CL	BRT	HO	GSL	HU	PN
$/MMBtu	$/MMBtu	$/MMBtu	$/MMBtu	$/MMBtu	$/MMBtu	$/MMBtu
APR1	0.00	-0.86	-1.29	0.00	-0.64	2.19	0.28
MAY1	0.00	-0.88	-1.32	-0.35	-0.74	2.08	0.24
JUN1	0.00	-0.95	-1.38	-0.49	-0.81	1.87	0.22
JUL1	0.00	-1.03	-1.43	-0.52	-0.84	1.62	0.22
AUG1	0.00	-1.10	-1.48	-0.51	-0.84	1.36	0.23
SEP1	0.00	-1.10	-1.47	-0.43	-0.80	1.10	0.41
OCT1	0.00	-1.14	-1.50	-0.38	-0.79	0.75	0.44
NOV1 	0.00	-1.30	-1.63	-0.44	-0.88	0.45	#REF!
DEC1	0.00	-1.44	-1.78	-0.51	-0.96	0.23	0.23
Date	27-03	
Legend		
NG	NYMEX Nat Gas	
CL	NYMEX Crude Oil	
BRT	IPE Brent	
HO	NYMEX Heating Oil	
GSL	IPE Gasoil	
HU	NYMEX Gasoline	
PN	1 BBL = 42 Gal	
Date	27-03	
Conversions		
NG	1 BBL = 5.825 MMBtu	
CL		
BRT		
HO	1 BBL = 42 Gal	
GSL	1 BBL =0.134 MT	
HU	1 BBL = 42 Gal	
PN	1 BBL = 42 Gal	
Jen Fraser
Enron Global Markets Fundamentals
713-853-4759
Mike:
Two questions regarding fees:
1.  What will you charge for placement fee on a 750,000-1,000,000 type 
investment into the hedge funds?
2.  I understand your cost structure is a little higher than Fidelity However, I was charged over $1,000 on my option trade for a transaction that 
Fidelity charges $147.50.  Is there any justification?
Please understand that my basis for developing an account with Paine Webber 
is dependent upon an agressive fee structure.  I don't want to see my 
above-market returns compromised by high fees.
Thanks,
John
planning on going.  which night are you inviting guys for?
also, heard there were some issues about contract negotiations.  don't know 
specifics but if you want to discuss give me a call.  might be able to 
mediate this a little bit  if you want.
Caroline Abramo@
03/30/2001 03:37 PM
I think you guys need to attend
I'm asking for 20 tickets, possibly 40 depending on whether they have spouces 
attending. Make a note for the calander. I'm thinking we can use this to get 
people like Paul Tudor Jones, Louis Bacon, etc. to attend an Enron function, 
while also gving the traders an opportunity to go as well.
Per
Hello all,
Over the last few weeks correspondence has been disseminated to you in 
to opportunities with the Guggenheim Museum in New York. We need to 
get a more accurate head count if we would like to have a private Enron event 
at the Frank Gehry Exhibit.  Tentatively, we have May 24th on hold and Frank 
Gehry has agreed to be in attendance, which is an added-value. The event 
would be a formal dinner with approximately 150-200 people, including Enron 
executives and their potential/existing customers.  Again, the attendance 
list is created through your requests but Enron Corporate covers the cost of 
the event (excluding travel arrangements).
We need to make a firm commitment to the Guggenheim by Monday.  Please let me 
know approximately how many people you would like to bring by tomorrow. Feel 
free to call me at 39056 or email me if you have any questions.
Thanks, Margaret
what time did you get in?
Everything worked out OK.  I left your key at the concierge desk.
Jen
___________________________________________________________________
To get your own FREE ZDNet Onebox - FREE voicemail, email, and fax,
all in one place - sign up today at  
good to hear.  met john galperin today.  give me a call soon to  dicuss how 
to most effectively use the line 
Did the Palestinians settle with the Israelis? No.  Did Dan Reeves settle
with John Elway? No.  Did Anna Nicole Smith settle with her in-laws? No.
But Salomon Smith Barney and Enron have settled all the issues and have
agreed to the $50 million credit facility.  The documents are in Mary Cook's
capable hands and should be completed next week.
In addition, I hope that Jon Davis' cooling demand presentation on Wednesday
(3:15) will be valuable for your trading endeavors.  John Galperin (on our
desk) will introduce Jon.  Try to stay awake during John's introduction.
please add
The March 30th Executive Forum has been moved to Friday, April 20th from 3:00=20
p.m. to 4:30 p.m.
If your calendar permits and you would like to attend, please RSVP to the=20
undersigned no later than April 18th. =20
Thanks very much!
Debbie Nowak
Executive Development
Houston, TX
Tel.  713.853.3304
Fax:  713.646.8586
The Office of the Chairman would like to invite you to participate at an=20
Enron Executive Forum.  This invitation is extended to
anyone who attended an Executive Impact and Influence Program within the past=20
two years.  These informal, interactive forums
will be 90 minutes in length and held several times per year.
Most of the participants in the Executive Impact and Influence program have=20
indicated a strong desire to express opinions, share
ideas, and ask questions to the Office of the Chairman. Although not=20
mandatory to attend, the forums are designed to address those issues.  They=20
also afford the Office of the Chairman opportunities to speak directly to its=20
executive team, describe plans and initiatives, do =01&reality checks=018, create a=20
=01&rallying point=018 and ensure Enron=01,s executive management is on the =01&same=20
page=018 about where Enron is going---and why.
To accommodate anticipated demand, we currently have two sessions:
Choice: (Please rank in order of preference 1 or 2 for a session below.  You=20
will attend only one session.)
______ Thursday, March 29, 2001 from 2:30 p.m. to 4:00 p.m. in EB50M
______ Friday, March 30, 2001 from 2:30 p.m. to 4:00 p.m. in EB50M =20
The Office of the Chairman will host the forum. Here=01,s how it will work:
? Each session will have approximately 20 participants.
? The format will be honest, open, interactive dialogue.
? This will be your forum. Don=01,t expect to simply sit and listen to=20
presentations.=20
? This will not be the place for anonymity. You can safely ask your own=20
questions and express your own opinions.
? You can submit questions/issues in advance or raise them during the forum.
? Some examples of topics you might want to discuss include, but are not=20
limited to: the direction of Enron, business   goals/results, M&A activities,=20
projects/initiatives, culture, leadership, management practices, diversity,=20
values, etc.
Because the forum will work only if everyone actively participates, we=20
encourage you to accept this invitation only if you=20
intend to have something to say and if you are willing to allow others to do=20
the same. For planning purposes, it is essential that=20
you RSVP no later than Friday, March 16, 2001 by return e-mail to Debbie=20
Nowak, or via fax 713.646.8586. =20
Once we have ensured an even distribution of participants throughout these=20
sessions, we will confirm with you, in writing,
as to what session you will attend.  We will try to honor requests for first=20
choices as much as possible. =20
Should you have any questions or concerns, please notify Gerry Gibson by=20
e-mail (gerry.gibson@).  Gerry can also be reached at 713.345.6806.
Thank you.
maybe.  hydro situation dire in west.  think water levels are at recent 
historical lows.  problem is from gas standpoint, west is an island right 
now.  every molecle that can go there is.  so will provide limited support to 
prices in east.  hydro in east is actually very healthy.  would assume your 
markets are targeting eastern u.s. so i dont know if hydro problem in west is 
that relevant.
Sarah Mulholland
04/04/2001 08:09 AM
interesting comment from singapore 
hope things are going well up there.
Hans Wong
04/04/2001 08:05 AM
i was reading something interesting last week somewhere on states coping with 
the coming summer---the report was on the amount of ice -not huge enough from 
this winter to provide enough water for hydroelectricity during 
summer.farmers were encouraged to cultivate crops that consume less water-the 
first thing i can  think of is low sul fueloil as natgas will be well 
supported-thus european lsfo will be arbg to the states.just my 
thought-hi/low play worth watching
i talked to fred today.  i think he's in so lets assume it's a go.   when is 
the last day to cancel and get our money back?
Ina Rangel
04/04/2001 11:14 AM
John,
It looks like Fred is not going to do the Miami trip after all.  Do you still 
want me to book it for the Financial group?  If not, I will cancel the 
reservations that are on hold.
-Ina
unfortunately, mathematical analysis of skew is extremely hard to do.  the 
question is why does skew exist and does the market do a proper job of 
correcting for violations of the black scholes model.  in my mind, there are 
three big reasons for skew.  one is that the assumption of stochastic 
volatility as a function of price level gets violated.  commodities tend to 
have long range trading ranges that exist due to the economics of supply and 
elasticity of the demand curve.  nat gas tends to be relatively stable when 
we are in that historical pricing environment.  however, moving to a 
different pricing regime tends to bring volatility.  an options trader wants 
to be long vol outside the trading range, believing that a breakout of the 
range leads to volatility while trying to find new equilibrium.  supports a 
vol smile theory.  in addition, in some commodities realized vol is a 
function of price level.  nat gas historically is more volatile at $5 than at 
$4 and more volatile at $4 than $3.  thus there has been a tendency for all 
calls to have positive skew and all puts except weenies to have negative 
skew.  the market certainly trades this way as vol has a tendency to come off 
in a declining market and increase in a rising market.  to test, regress 15 
day realized vol versus price level and see if there is any correlation second reason is heptocurtosis, fatter tails than lognormal distribution 
predicts.  supports vol smile theory.  easy to test how your market compares 
by plotting historical one day lognormal returns versus expected 
distribution third, is just supply and demand.  in a market where spec players are 
bearish, put skew tends to get bid as vol players require more insurance 
premium to add incremetal risk to the book.  if you have a neutral view 
towards market, or believe that market will come off but in an orderly 
fashion, enron can take advantage of our risk limits by selling more 
expensive insurance.  crude market tends to have strong put skew and weak 
call skew as customer business in options is nearly all one way: producer 
fences.  if you believe vol is stochastic in the region of prices where the 
fence strikes are, can be profitable to take other side of trade if you want to discuss further give me a call 4-6 pm houston time.  hope this 
helps,
john
Sharad Agnihotri
04/04/2001 12:44 PM
John, Mike
I work for the London Research team and am looking at 
some option pricing problems for the UK gas desk.
Dave Redmond the options trader told me that you had done 
some fundamental research regarding 
the gas implied volatility smiles and may be able to help.
I would be grateful if you tell me 
what you have done or suggest 
someone else that I could ask.
Sharad Agnihtori 
Congrats, thought you were headed to aig.  how long til you get to short 
natty again?
slafontaine@globalp.com on 04/04/2001 02:05:52 PM
i ve resigned from global today. it is a difficult decision from the stand 
point
that I have been very happy in the short time I've been here. I wil still be 
in
the energy business doing very much the same as i am doing now. I felt that 
the
oportunity which came up was the best thing for my career and family in the 
long
term. I look forward to speaking to all of you in the future and I'll contact
you as soon as i get set up in the next couple of weeks.
home phone 508-893-6043
home email oakley2196@aol.com
,steve
txu buy 200 u @5255
Just to confirm this trade:
Enron buys futures and sells LD swaps in the following months.  EFP
posting price is NYMEX settlement price on 4/30/01.
Jul '01-176 lots
Aug'01-157 lots
Sep'01-443 lots
Nov'01-132 lots
Jan'02-233 lots
Feb'02-283 lots
Mar'02-607 lots
Counter Party is Transcanada and they are posting with Man South.
Thanks again..
SOblander@carrfut.com on 04/04/2001 07:21:04 AM
The information contained herein is based on sources that we believe to be
reliable, but we do not represent that it is accurate or complete.  Nothing
contained herein should be considered as an offer to sell or a solicitation
of an offer to buy any financial instruments discussed herein.  Any
opinions expressed herein are solely those of the author.  As such, they
may differ in material respects from those of, or expressed or published by
on behalf of Carr Futures or its officers, directors, employees or
affiliates.  , 2000 Carr Futures
The charts are now available on the web by clicking on the hot link(s)
contained in this email. If for any reason you are unable to receive the
charts via the web, please contact me via email and I will email the charts
to you as attachments.
Crude Natural Gas Distillate Unleaded 
Nat Gas Strip Matrix
Nat Gas Spread Matrix
Crude and Products Spread Matrix
Carr Futures
150 S. Wacker Dr., Suite 1500
Chicago, IL 60606  USA
Tel:  312-368-6149
Fax:  312-368-2281
soblander@carrfut.com
yea they were doing spoofs on the rules of business.  i'll tell you about it 
later.  kind of funny.   however, it took 2 hours for 30 seconds of film
Without me!  I can't believe you 
Just kidding.  What was it for -- the management conference 
are you in for the game?
i've realized i'm too old to stay up til 1 on a school night
no not necessarily... just sick of her at the moment,
what a pisser -- i'm still in austin so i can't go.  what about your 
girlfriend?  is she on her way out?
John Arnold@ECT
04/02/2001 12:25 PM
i may have some u2 tix for tonight,   wanna go?
i may have some u2 tix for tonight,   wanna go?
you're right though...it seems like bo and i are always on the opposite side 
of each other. 
fyi : bo is a big put buyer and fence seller today.  though he is trying to 
defend j 
slafontaine@globalp.com on 03/29/2001 09:22:15 PM
agree on view. as u cud tell i got a little less bearish for a bit so i delta
hedged and day traded to keep from losing a ton, let go og the delta after aga
number which was exactly on my forecast still implying 7.5 bcf swing(i 
actually
thot it could have been worse so my range pre was 5-12 basis past cupla weeks
aga. that said i with you took my lumps. having a very good month in petro
helped me hold on to natgas shit p&l. got most of it back now tho.trying to be
more patient.
think we hold 5.20's  for another week or so-must be plenty chopped up
traders mite mean we lose some momentum for a bit.
what the hell was going on today between you and bo(seems i see this more
and more)? how come he always seems to be fighting you on this stuff. if he
would go the same way as you(and i) this mkt would just crap. either way im
unwinding-gonna be making a jump soon(thats p&c for the moment). will keep u
informed of course.
power gen up 3% last week and cal rate hikes the kiss of death for demand in
cal this summer i think
John.Arnold@ on 03/29/2001 07:45:02 PM
Wow, what a week so far.  Beauty of a short squeeze early on.  Even some of
the biggest bears I know were covering to reestablish when the market lost
its upward momentum.  Unfortunately, my boat is too big to play that way.
Takes too long to put the size of the position I manage on or off to play
that game.  just had to sit back and take my lumps. couldnt have been a
more bearish aga # in my opinion.  got one more decent one and then watch
out below.  amazing that we've had more demand destruction recently.  the
economy is the 800 pound gorilla that is sitting on nat gas and it aint
getting up.
In   to gas:
what signals do you for in determining your view?
what resources do you use to formulate a price view?
give example of complex transaction you've structured for a customer.
where is storage now relative to history? what is the highest and lowest 
level we've been at in past 5 years?
what are your short, medium, and long term views of gas market?
what major basis changes have occured in the market over the past 5 years? 
What do you expect in the next 5?
how should a storage operator decide whether or not to inject on any given 
day?
In   to derivatives in order of difficulty
What are delta/gamma/theta?
if you buy a put spread, is your delta positive, negative, or zero?
Is swap price equal to simple average of futures contracts?
If interest rates go up what happens to option prices all else equal?
what is the value of a european $1 call expiring in 12 months if 
corresponding futures are trading $5?
what happens to delta of an option if volatility increase?
Jeanie Slone was telling me that you were among the best interviewers in the 
trading group.  Because of your expertise in this area, I was wondering if 
you could help me put some technical questions together that you've found to 
be effective in interviewing Gas Traders.
Norma Hasenjager is in our Omaha office needs this information ASAP in order 
to help her screen some candidates.  It would be great if you could respond 
to this with two or three questions that you've used in the past to select 
good Gas Traders.
Thanks for your help.
Tom Wilbeck
EWS Training and Development
Ina:
Can you set up a 5 minute mtg with me and all of the assistants and runners 
in   to what we discussed this week
thanks
John/Dutch
There are currently 3 counterparties which would like to have the ability to 
trade financial gas with Enron but that credit has closed on the ICE platform.
AES NewEnergy, Inc.   No Master
Trafigura Derivatives Limited  Poor credit quality
e prime, inc.    Poor credit quality
,
tm
I understand you are out of one of the wines.  Please fill remaining order thanks, john
sales@cortlandtwines.com on 03/25/2001 06:16:00 PM
Thank you for your order.
Your order is number 35257 placed on 3/25/2001.
Here are the items you selected:
SKU | Qty | Producer | Product Name | Price | Extended Price
5711 | 4 | Matanzas Creek Merlot | $49.99 | $199.96
5353 | 4 | Matanzas Creek Merlot | $59.99 | $239.96
6035 | 4 | Altesino Super Tuscan | $35.00 | $140.00
Total Shipping:
Total Tax: $0.00
The total for your order: $579.92
Here is the contact information we have for you:
Please make a note of your Customer ID and Password for future purchases.
Name: John Arnold
Address: 909 Texas Ave #1812
Houston, TX  77002
USA
Email: jarnold@
Phone: 713 229 9278
APPROPRIATE SALES TAX WILL BE APPLIED.
SHIPPING CHARGES WILL BE ADDED TO ORDER SEPARATELY.
If there is a problem, please call us.
Thank you.
Cortlandt Wines.Spirits
447 Albany Post Rd
Croton on Hudson, NY 10520
Sales: 914.271.7788
Fax: 914.271.4414
Email: sales@cortlandtwines.com
WWW 
no actually i was here until 700  ... filming a movie
my, my, my, you must have left early yesterday to just have received my 
email 
Have I told you how much I love it here?  I think I need to move back 
Wow, what a week so far.  Beauty of a short squeeze early on.  Even some of 
the biggest bears I know were covering to reestablish when the market lost 
its upward momentum.  Unfortunately, my boat is too big to play that way Takes too long to put the size of the position I manage on or off to play 
that game.  just had to sit back and take my lumps. couldnt have been a more 
bearish aga # in my opinion.  got one more decent one and then watch out 
below.  amazing that we've had more demand destruction recently.  the economy 
is the 800 pound gorilla that is sitting on nat gas and it aint getting up 
As long as I own Enron stock, the desks are my colleagues.  Feel free to 
share the info with Hunter and Chris.
Clayton Vernon @ ENRON
03/26/2001 03:45 PM
John-
My name is Clayton Vernon, and I am the Manager for Models and Forecasts for 
East Power Trading, reporting to Lloyd Will.
I'm helping Research (and Toim Barkley) with a data visualization tool for 
EOL trades, and I wanted for you to know I'd like to make this product 
helpful for you.
In doing so, I'd like to also let my colleagues Chris Gaskill/Hunter Shively 
avail themsevles of this tool. But, I need to find out if the desks are your 
colleagues or, as things shape up, your competitors, since some trades are 
between Enron desks.
Can Chris/Hunter see synopses of all of our EOL gas trades, after the fact?
Clayton Vernon
Kim:
Can I get  4 tix for the following games:
Apr 21 or 22 vs. St Louis
Jun 15 vs Texas
Jun 17 vs Texas
Thanks,
John
The 2001 Astro's season is about to kick-off and Enron Americas Office of the 
Chairman has four tickets to each game available for customer events.
If you are interested in using the tickets, please call Kim Hillis at x30681.
thanks, i'll check it out
Fletcher Sturm  johnny,
my new deal p/l from yesterday (tue) looked a little on the high side,?so i 
asked my?guy to double check my deals.? he checked them today and said they 
all checked out.? but, i re-checked?my new gas deals and saw that you filled 
me on 100 n-q at 4.32 instead of 5.32.? i'll have my boy fix it so it'll show 
up tomorrow (thur).? $2 jumbos from me to you!
fletch
p.s.? thanks for all your help with our gas business.?it gives us a 
tremendous advantage against our rivals. you're the king even if you don't 
notice a $2 million error on one trade.
Do You Yahoo!?
Yahoo! Mail Personal Address -  Get email at your own domain with Yahoo! Mail.
will call you tonight
Karen Arnold  Why did you sell Devon Energy???? I still own it.  should I sell?
Any decision regarding your return?
It is cold and rainy here, high today was 45 
John - Could you please alert your back office that they are still invoicing
us on a Nov-Mar strip that was traded on June 20, 2000 at $4.105.  That deal
was cancelled per our discussion and rebooked for half the volume in
November (I beleive it was November).  Your deal number on the rebook is
QF9221.1 I beleive.  I beleive Dutch Quigley on your end was involved when
we originally discussed the deal.
Thanks and call if you have any questions.
Perry A. Piazza
Citibank/Salomon Smith Barney
Global Commodities
390 Greenwich Street, 5th Floor
New York,  NY  10013-2375
Phone: (212) 723-6912 / (212) 723-6979
Fax: (212) 723-8556
E-Mail:  perry.a.piazza@ssmb.com 
where are you getting those numbers?
slafontaine@globalp.com on 03/26/2001 12:56:07 PM
while we're stroking each other on the bear stuff-you notice the weekly y on y
power gen /demand numbers have fallen from double digit increases each week to
now nearly flat to +2% ish each week depstie cold east and hot west.
yes
i dont know.  both have their merits
Jen and Paula are definitely going to NYC for the long weekend.  Think
about what you want to do, and I'll call you tonight to discuss:
Do you want to spend the long weekend with me or do your own thing?
If you want to spend it with me, would you rather go to the beach or
to NYC?
___________________________________________________________________
To get your own FREE ZDNet Onebox - FREE voicemail, email, and fax,
all in one place - sign up today at  
Mike:
which one of the hedge funds closes today?
you think that's a valid excuse?   whatever 
yea,  i think the two dumps in the market are when everybody realizes the 
loss of demand, which is in the first 4 inj numbers.  customer buying and 
fear about the summer will keep may at a decent level.  if my theory holds, 
eventually that wont be enough to hold the market up and m pukes.  second 
puke is in the winter when 4th quarter production is 4-5% on y/y basis, 
demand still weak (economic weakness isn't a 3 month problem), industry 
realizes that not only is it ok to get to 500-700 bcf in march but you 
should, and early winter weather will not match 2000.  we develop large y/y 
surplus in x and z.  z futures hold up because some risk premium still exists 
for rest of winter.  by late december, just trying to find a home for gas think decent chance f futures finish with a 2 handle.
slafontaine@globalp.com on 03/25/2001 08:16:26 PM
f puts?? you mean january?  u mean june and january 
John.Arnold@ on 03/25/2001 07:30:38 PM
just when i'm turning really bearish you're starting to turn bullish on me.
weather to me relatively unimportant.  yes, it will leave us with 30 bcf or
so less in storage than if we had mild weather.  i think it is masking a
major demand problem.  think what the aga numbers would be with moderate
weather.  when we get into injections, i think we'll see a big push down.
spec and trade seem bearish but hesitant to get short.  customer buying
still strong.  thus even with the demand picture becoming clearer, we
haven't moved down.  however i think when the picture becomes clearer (i.e.
-when we start beating last year's injections by 20 bcf a week), trade will
get short.  customers very unsophistocated.  the story they keep telling us
is we're coming out 400 bcf less than last year, thus the summer has to be
strong.  when we start inj, customers will start seeing other side of
story.  pira finally came out this week and said stop buying.  to me, the
mrkt just a timing issue.  i want to be short before the rest of the idiots
get short.  i continue buying m,f puts.  projecting k to settle 450 and m
400.
slafontaine@globalp.com on 03/23/2001 01:44:10 PM
this strength cud persist awhile-is a little bullish ngas demand since we
now
above parity in some places. shit theres so many things shaking my faith on
the
short bias of this thing. weather hot /west cold est, hydo, califronia,mkt
talking new engl shortages.oil demand cont to show stellar y on y and curve
recoveriung, opec hawkish stance for px support.
i think we close the y on y gap still significantly but im starting to
question how when,how much and how long prices come off in apr-jun?
thanks god i can trade oil cuz i have made anything in ngas to speak of.
short
term still sort of neutral ngas-beleive we range bound. u prob know this
but
hearing texas rr data coming out pretty bearish prodcution-good news .
just when i'm turning really bearish you're starting to turn bullish on me weather to me relatively unimportant.  yes, it will leave us with 30 bcf or 
so less in storage than if we had mild weather.  i think it is masking a 
major demand problem.  think what the aga numbers would be with moderate 
weather.  when we get into injections, i think we'll see a big push down spec and trade seem bearish but hesitant to get short.  customer buying still 
strong.  thus even with the demand picture becoming clearer, we haven't moved 
down.  however i think when the picture becomes clearer (i.e.-when we start 
beating last year's injections by 20 bcf a week), trade will get short customers very unsophistocated.  the story they keep telling us is we're 
coming out 400 bcf less than last year, thus the summer has to be strong when we start inj, customers will start seeing other side of story.  pira 
finally came out this week and said stop buying.  to me, the mrkt just a 
timing issue.  i want to be short before the rest of the idiots get short.  i 
continue buying m,f puts.  projecting k to settle 450 and m 400 
slafontaine@globalp.com on 03/23/2001 01:44:10 PM
this strength cud persist awhile-is a little bullish ngas demand since we now
above parity in some places. shit theres so many things shaking my faith on 
the
short bias of this thing. weather hot /west cold est, hydo, califronia,mkt
talking new engl shortages.oil demand cont to show stellar y on y and curve
recoveriung, opec hawkish stance for px support.
i think we close the y on y gap still significantly but im starting to
question how when,how much and how long prices come off in apr-jun?
thanks god i can trade oil cuz i have made anything in ngas to speak of. short
term still sort of neutral ngas-beleive we range bound. u prob know this but
hearing texas rr data coming out pretty bearish prodcution-good news .
We ahave not initiated a 24/7 gas product yet but are creating the 
capabilities to launch at some point in the near future
I received this email and they are inquiring as to the new gas 24/7 
electronic trading.  Has this taken off?  Who is managing it and are there 
any positions associated with it?
Thanks,
Frank
The weekly Rick Buy update this week is on Thursday morning, so we will 
report trading results as of and for the 5 days ended Tuesday, March 20th. 
Please prepare comments on your area's positions and P/L - one to two 
sentences - and e-mail them to me, with a copy to Cassandra Schultz, Veronica 
Valdez and Matthew Adams, no later than noon, Houston time, Wednesday, March 
21st (Tomorrow 
Those of you who have sub-limits not reflected on the consolidated DPR 
(George in Global Products), and also the new gas 24/7 trader, please provide 
trading results on those as well, including the 5-day and YTD P/L and current 
NOP and VaR on George (Products EOL trading) - and also on _____ whatever 
we're calling the EOL NA Gas auto trader.
Thank you,
Esther
x52456
Warming Up To Green
BY ERIC ROSTON
Breathe in. Hold it. Hold it. O.K., now breathe out.
Unless you're outdoors in the midst of a cold snap, chances are you
can't see
your breath. And no one would ever ask you to drop a quarter in a tin
box for the
right to free this invisible spirit from your lungs. Yet last November,
Murphy Oil
Corp., based in El Dorado, Ark., voluntarily shelled out several hundred
thousand dollars for the right to cough out carbon dioxide, the same
stuff you
exhaled three sentences ago.
The reason it did so is closely related to events that occurred that
same autumn
day, half a world away, at the Hague. Thousands of policymakers and
scientists
from all over the world had gathered, hoping to dot the i's, cross the
zeds and
umlaut the o's on the 1997 Kyoto Protocol to the U.N. Framework
Convention on
Climate Change. The protocol was devised to curb the industrial emission
of six
gases, CO2 among them, that are slowly--actually quickly in geological
terms--turning the earth into a hothouse. But no final accord was
reached.
In this context, Murphy's purchase of options on 210,000 metric tons of
carbon
(the equivalent of annual exhaust from approximately 27,800 cars) from a
Canadian company that was itself trying to help meet a national target
seems a
bit odd. The market for this kind of trade hasn't been established, and
there isn't
even a global agreement on how carbon dioxide should be valued. Indeed
there
isn't even unanimity on global warming itself.
Yet the transaction is emblematic of industry on the verge of an
environmental
transition. Congress may have snubbed the Kyoto accord, and global
bureaucrats may be stumbling over the details of a carbon-emissions
trading
system. But corporations, against the run of play, are beginning to
confront the
climate conundrum the best way they know how--as a business opportunity.
John Browne, CEO of BP Amoco, and Mark Moody-Stuart, chairman of Royal
Dutch/Shell Group, have both responded to the global-warming threat and
set up
internal systems that exceed goals put forth in Kyoto. Shell and BP have
vowed
to cut their greenhouse-gas emissions 10% each--nearly twice the Kyoto
target--Shell by 2002, BP by 2010. "This isn't an act of altruism," says
Aidan
Murphy of Shell. "It's a fundamental strategic issue for our business."
And not theirs alone. A growing number of corporations, from IBM to your
neighborhood Kinko's, are reducing their greenhouse footprints. DuPont
is
pledging to knock its emissions 65% below 1990 levels by 2010. "There's
been a
shift in the center of gravity in the U.S. corporate community since
Kyoto," says
Alden Meyer of the Union of Concerned Scientists. "Now the view is that
climate
change is serious and we ought to do something about it."
There are a few ways of doing that: invest in renewable energy sources
and "cap
and trade" emissions. That is, set ceilings for worldwide greenhouse-gas
emission
and let nations either sell emission credits if they emit below their
allowance or
buy credits if they exceed permitted levels. The theory is that the
pursuit of
greenbacks will fuel greener business. "Whenever you turn a pollution
cut into a
financial asset," says Joseph Goffman, an attorney at Environmental
Defense,
"people go out and make lots of pollution cuts."
Even where green fervor is of a paler shade, corporations are viewing
the
potential for global regulation as a business risk they need to
consider. Witness
Claiborne Deming, Murphy's CEO, who doesn't see the science of global
warming
as solid enough yet to cry havoc. But Deming hears shareholders
clamoring and
the bureaucrats buzzing. Someone may ask his company to put more than a
quarter in that box when it wants to exhale more than its allotted
amount of CO2.
Breathe in. Hold it. You know the drill.
How much CO2 did you just exhale? Tricky question. Yet that's analogous
to the
one businesses are struggling with on a massive scale. Until they figure
it out,
companies interested in trading will be on their own to determine 1) how
you
buy the right to emit a gas that has no standard of measurement and 2)
how to do
so when no nation currently assigns a CO2 property right. "It's risky as
hell," says
Deming.
Many groups are working to mitigate that risk. The World Resources
Institute
and others are road-testing a system that would make trading less risky
by
creating universal carbon-accounting practices. And four
companies--Arthur
Andersen, Credit Lyonnais, Natsource and Swiss Re--are developing an
exchange
where companies can trade, even in an embryonic market devoid of
legislative
standards. "They're trying to nail down something that will be useful
under laws
that are not yet defined," says Garth Edward, a broker at Natsource, an
energy-trading firm.
The U.S. struggled to introduce a cap-and-trade system into the Kyoto
Protocol,
and achieved it by agreeing to a tough, many say impossible, target:
bringing
emissions 7% below 1990 levels from 2008 to 2012. The irony of the
current
situation is that the Europeans, reluctant to accept trading at first,
have become
its champion; Britain next month will become the first country to embark
on a
national trading system.
Another practice, still hotly debated, is to assign credits for
sequestering carbon
in growing forests. Trees soak up limited amounts of CO2, release oxygen
into the
air and turn carbon into wood.
The Kyoto mechanisms will evaporate without global ratification, thus
setting up
an early environmental test for President Bush, who campaigned against
the
document. But Secretary of State Colin Powell has already heard
preliminary
briefings on the matter as the U.S. preps for the next round of talks,
to be held in
Bonn in mid-July. Bush the First helped pioneer credit trading in 1990,
when he
signed legislation that capped power plants' sulfur dioxide
emissions--the main
ingredient in acid rain--but allowed the plants to swap credits. And
Houston-based Enron, an energy trader whose chairman, Ken Lay, was a
prominent W. campaign adviser, stands to be a huge player in any such
market.
So if it's good for business, Bush the ex-businessman won't need that
big a push.
With him or without him, the monetization of carbon emissions--green for
greed's sake, if nothing else--is gaining momentum. So breathe easy. For
you, it's
still free. But for many companies, the carbon meter will be running
soon. In the
very near future, pollution is going to be either a cost to them or an
opportunity.
maybe a drink after work 
Caroline Abramo@
03/23/2001 07:29 AM
can i grab you for a few minutes after the close to update you on fund stuff. 
also, if you do not have plans tonight.. jen fraser and i were thinking of 
having a little bbq (i am staying with her).. your presence is requested if not, we are up for a few drinks after work 
please add
This is to confirm your attendance for the Friday, March 30, 2001 Executive 
Forum to be hosted by The Office of the Chairman.  The Forum will begin at 
2:30 p.m. and ends at 4:00 p.m. in the Enron Building 50M 
If you have any additional questions, please feel free to give me a call 
Thank you.
Debbie Nowak
Executive Development
713.853.3304
confirm
herve.duteil@americas.bnpparibas.com on 03/21/2001 03:02:06 PM
John,
Further to our telephone conversation today, this is to confirm in writing 
that
you agreed to kill EOL Deal #1025253 @ 2:03 PM.  This trade was not confirmed 
to
me by EOL, neither reported into "Today's transaction" section.  (Therefore I
entered into a duplicate trade on EOL @ 2:06 PM which we agree on)
Thank you for you cooperation, and 
Herve P.E. Duteil
Ce message et toutes les pieces jointes (ci-apres le "message") sont etablis 
a l'intention exclusive de ses destinataires et sont confidentiels. Si vous 
recevez ce message par erreur, merci de le detruire et d'en avertir 
immediatement l'expediteur.
Toute utilisation de ce message non conforme a sa destination, toute 
diffusion ou toute publication, totale ou partielle, est interdite, sauf 
autorisation expresse.
L'internet ne permettant pas d'assurer l'integrite de ce message, BNP PARIBAS 
(et ses filiales) decline(nt) toute responsabilite au titre de ce message, 
dans l'hypothese ou il aurait ete modifie.
Any use not in accord with its purpose, any dissemination or disclosure, 
either whole or partial, is prohibited except formal approval.
The internet can not guarantee the integrity of this message. BNP PARIBAS 
(and its subsidiaries) shall (will) not therefore be liable for the message 
if modified.
Hey:
Recounted...Can I get 50-60 invites and would need formal invites for 
Friday 
There will be a corporate lounge for you to congregate in.  Does that sound 
good?  No problem on the thrity tickets.  I will hold them for you.  Let me 
know if you don't think yo uwill be needing all of them. I can also get you 
the formal invitations to send out if you would like.
John Arnold@ECT
03/19/2001 11:22 AM
On Friday, will there be a private reception or area for us or will our 
customers get lost in the crowd?
Probably thinking 30 invites for Friday.  Is that ok?
Hey Buster,
Hope you had a great time in Cabo! I'm so jealous.  I need a vacation 
desperately 
I'm trying to get a commitment on numbers from the different groups for the 
Guggenheim events.  Will you look over this document and tell me which ones 
you would like to attend and how many people you would like to bring to each? 
Of course, I need it ASAP -- what's new, right 
Thanks honey! Margaret
yes but getting haircut until 700.  is it too dark then?
Do you have any interest in going roller blading with me after work?
___________________________________________________________________
To get your own FREE ZDNet Onebox - FREE voicemail, email, and fax,
all in one place - sign up today at  
- C.DTF
use 380
CSFB informed us today that their Appalachia hedging deal will likely happen 
in the next two weeks. The deal, in short, involves Enron buying an average 
volume of 11,500 mmBtu/d at TCO and 5,500 mmBtu/d at CNG for 12 years and 1 
month from Dec00. 
CSFB would like to get an idea of where the market is now. I've attached a 
spreadsheet that details the volumes, which decline with time. Could you 
please provide indicative prices, as of tonight's close. 
Thanks,
Russ
sure
today sucks--friday after the close?
Jen Fraser
Enron Global Markets Fundamentals
713-853-4759
how bout today at 400
when can i come by and have a detailed discussion with you re fundamentals--i 
am very interested in your opinions and i dont get here them in the TR meeting
Jen Fraser
Enron Global Markets Fundamentals
713-853-4759
Looks good.  certainly an area we need more focus on.  Obviously the most 
important aspect of lng is how much gas is coming in, what is that relative 
to last year, and what new capacity is coming longer term As an aside, nat gas trades as a funciton of the storage spread to last year 
and five year averages.  It would be very useful if all fundamental analysis 
were geared the same way.  The fact that lng shipments are x this week is 
meaningless.  the fact that they are y delta of last year is extremely 
useful.  if you noticed in the fundies meeting, i was trying to move 
discussion that way.  what's switching vis a vis last year.   whats 
production relative to last year.  it simplifies the fundamental analysis.
An initial effort--please comment
how bout today at 400
when can i come by and have a detailed discussion with you re fundamentals--i 
am very interested in your opinions and i dont get here them in the TR meeting
Jen Fraser
Enron Global Markets Fundamentals
713-853-4759
Looks good.  certainly an area we need more focus on.  Obviously the most 
important aspect of lng is how much gas is coming in, what is that relative 
to last year, and what new capacity is coming longer term As an aside, nat gas trades as a funciton of the storage spread to last year 
and five year averages.  It would be very useful if all fundamental analysis 
were geared the same way.  The fact that lng shipments are x this week is 
meaningless.  the fact that they are y delta of last year is extremely 
useful.  if you noticed in the fundies meeting, i was trying to move 
discussion that way.  what's switching vis a vis last year.   whats 
production relative to last year.  it simplifies the fundamental analysis.
An initial effort--please comment
Do you have interest in having a semi formal party at the guggenheim for our 
ny counterparties?  was thinking it might be a good pr move.
There will be a corporate lounge for you to congregate in.  Does that sound 
good?  No problem on the thrity tickets.  I will hold them for you.  Let me 
know if you don't think yo uwill be needing all of them. I can also get you 
the formal invitations to send out if you would like.
John Arnold@ECT
03/19/2001 11:22 AM
On Friday, will there be a private reception or area for us or will our 
customers get lost in the crowd?
Probably thinking 30 invites for Friday.  Is that ok?
Hey Buster,
Hope you had a great time in Cabo! I'm so jealous.  I need a vacation 
desperately 
I'm trying to get a commitment on numbers from the different groups for the 
Guggenheim events.  Will you look over this document and tell me which ones 
you would like to attend and how many people you would like to bring to each? 
Of course, I need it ASAP -- what's new, right 
Thanks honey! Margaret
seeing no increase in physical demand from industrials.  however, they cant=20
buy enough paper.  energy customer deal flow has a conspicuous habit of=20
buying high and selling low.  seeing virtually no producer selling.  strip=20
will continue to be well supported through early spring.  last year customers=20
sold all the way up, transferring their price risk to marketers and specs. =20
market for most part was very orderly move up during the summer.  volatility=20
was in the pukes because everybody was long.  now, customers are all buying. =20
move down should be orderly as is met with a lot of short covering from trade=20
and volatility should come from short covering moves like today's. =20
market waiting to see those first two injection numbers.  if we are beating=20
last year by 20 bcf, lights out.  move down may also scare producers to do=20
some term selling, putting pressure on whole curve. =20
slafontaine@globalp.com on 03/20/2001 03:21:41 PM
maybe yur rite but 47% for sep  still over  valued. ive ve been buying deep=20
otm
(jun and july 4.00 strikeputs as well. collpse in oil curve gives me a little
more confidence eventually we follow.but agree its a little early.i say we=20
draw
this week 30 ish, lhand next week a small draw then builds-and if im rite shud
be substantial from there. i was long twice near 5 bucks but saw no rally so i
sold for nothing-shit-no patience
any indication industrial demand on the rise from the cxustomer side?
certainly numbers /withdrawels suggest not.. the weather has been lousy for=20
the
shotrs-cudnt be more construcictve-cold east hot west-terrific. but while the
ranks are bullis/concerned over californication-those fukkers are outta gas=20
and
power anyway shud be more of an east west issue than anything-they conitue
ultimate px/economy  destruction-in a way bearish.
think mite be worth going long straddles in a week or so
John.Arnold@ on 03/20/2001 04:06:55 PM
heffner how?
was pretty long coming into today just playing the range.  sold everything
on the way up.  will be s scale up seller probably through options.
certainly a short squeeze in trade today and i don;t think anything changes
tomorrow except maybe trade gets more confident in the short at the higher
level and if cash rejects higher prices.
will be buying lots of puts on the way up so i guess for me vol is not too
high.  i was short vol and covered it all this morn.  think we could be in
for some turbulence here
slafontaine@globalp.com on 03/20/2001 10:48:43 AM
vol seems rich here for ngas no/ what do we do here with flat price? how
was
cabo?
Scsotc@aol.com on 03/20/2001 08:18:54 AM
The attached report will be downloaded into microsoft word.
Have a nice day.
,
SCS
S.C.S. Straddle Report for CL as of 3/19/2001
Option         Future
Month  Strike     Set    Vol     Set
OTMP           2200       1  159.2
STD  APR01    2650      40   50.0    2674
OTMC           2700      10   55.5
OTMP           2500      45   39.5
STD  MAY01    2700     228   37.2    2692
OTMC           2900      43   37.4
OTMP           2450      66   38.9
STD  JUN01    2700     315   36.4    2699
OTMC           3000      57   36.2
OTMP           2450      87   36.9
STD  JUL01    2700     370   35.3    2698
OTMC           3100      63   36.1
OTMP           2400      99   36.6
STD  AUG01    2700     423   34.9    2683
OTMC           3150      72   35.6
OTMP           2350     108   36.7
STD  SEP01    2650     458   34.4    2664
OTMC           3200      75   35.0
OTMP           2300     116   36.7
STD  OCT01    2600     488   33.8    2642
OTMC           3200      83   34.2
OTMP           2300     131   36.0
STD  NOV01    2600     512   33.7    2620
OTMC           3200      90   34.2
OTMP           2250     131   35.3
STD  DEC01    2600     527   32.6    2597
OTMC           3200      94   33.3
OTMP           2200     130   34.9
STD  JAN02    2600     570   33.5    2574
OTMC           3000     139   32.9
OTMP           2200     140   33.7
STD  FEB02    2550     535   30.3    2551
OTMP           2100     148   31.5
STD  JUN02    2450     560   28.6    2456
OTMC           3300      84   30.4
OTMP           2000     163   28.7
STD  DEC02    2350     612   27.9    2328
OTMC           3000     115   27.4
OTMP           1900     174   25.1
STD  DEC03    2250     628   24.9    2198
S.C.S. Straddle Report for HO as of 3/19/2001
Option         Future
Month  Strike     Set    Vol     Set
STD  APR01    7000     368   41.8    7038
OTMC           7400      80   47.4
STD  MAY01    7000     645   35.9    6885
OTMC           7500     128   38.4
STD  JUN01    7000     816   34.2    6870
OTMC           7700     134   34.2
OTMP           6800     425   33.9
STD  JUL01    6900     988   34.1    6910
OTMC           8000     188   37.4
OTMP           6800     462   33.6
STD  AUG01    7000    1105   33.9    6965
OTMC           8200     209   36.4
OTMP           6600     409   33.9
STD  SEP01    7000    1236   33.9    7040
OTMC           8900     184   37.8
OTMP           6600     431   33.9
STD  OCT01    7100    1348   33.9    7110
OTMC           8800     251   37.3
S.C.S. Straddle Report for HU as of 3/19/2001
Option         Future
Month  Strike     Set    Vol     Set
OTMP           8400      97   42.6
STD  APR01    8700     467   42.7    8743
OTMC           9200      84   44.3
S.C.S. Straddle Report for NG as of 3/19/2001
Option         Future
Month  Strike     Set    Vol     Set
OTMP           4750      46   47.8
STD  APR01    5000     305   48.4    5035
OTMC           5250      76   50.1
OTMP           4600     122   48.1
STD  MAY01    5050     612   47.0    5062
OTMC           5750      95   47.9
OTMP           4550     178   47.5
STD  JUN01    5100     802   46.3    5092
OTMC           5950     147   48.0
OTMP           4500     219   47.2
STD  JUL01    5150     990   47.4    5132
OTMC           6200     192   49.3
OTMP           4450     241   46.1
STD  AUG01    5150    1118   46.7    5152
OTMC           6500     195   48.6
OTMP           4400     291   47.1
STD  SEP01    5150    1267   47.7    5132
OTMC           6500     256   49.4
OTMP           4250     281   47.5
STD  OCT01    5150    1393   48.7    5137
OTMC           6000     434   50.7
OTMP           4500     379   47.1
STD  NOV01    5250    1470   48.2    5257
OTMC           7500     284   54.4
OTMP           4500     388   47.0
STD  DEC01    5450    1661   48.4    5377
OTMC           6750     451   50.8
STD  SEP02    2700    2003   42.2    4519
STD  DEC02    2950    2131   44.4    4730
OTMP           2700     141   37.6
STD  MAR03    2750    1928   37.6    4459
OTMC           4750     410   48.2
=0F:
Debbie:
If you have availability for either session, please sign me up.  I was unsure=20
I would be able to attend until now, hence the late notice.
Thanks,
John
=20
The Office of the Chairman would like to invite you to participate at an=20
Enron Executive Forum.  This invitation is extended to
anyone who attended an Executive Impact and Influence Program within the past=20
two years.  These informal, interactive forums
will be 90 minutes in length and held several times per year.
Most of the participants in the Executive Impact and Influence program have=20
indicated a strong desire to express opinions, share
ideas, and ask questions to the Office of the Chairman. Although not=20
mandatory to attend, the forums are designed to address those issues.  They=20
also afford the Office of the Chairman opportunities to speak directly to its=20
executive team, describe plans and initiatives, do =01&reality checks=018, create a=20
=01&rallying point=018 and ensure Enron=01,s executive management is on the =01&same=20
page=018 about where Enron is going---and why.
To accommodate anticipated demand, we currently have two sessions:
Choice: (Please rank in order of preference 1 or 2 for a session below.  You=20
will attend only one session.)
______ Thursday, March 29, 2001 from 2:30 p.m. to 4:00 p.m. in EB50M
______ Friday, March 30, 2001 from 2:30 p.m. to 4:00 p.m. in EB50M
The Office of the Chairman will host the forum. Here=01,s how it will work:
? Each session will have approximately 20 participants.
? The format will be honest, open, interactive dialogue.
? This will be your forum. Don=01,t expect to simply sit and listen to=20
presentations.=20
? This will not be the place for anonymity. You can safely ask your own=20
questions and express your own opinions.
? You can submit questions/issues in advance or raise them during the forum.
? Some examples of topics you might want to discuss include, but are not=20
limited to: the direction of Enron, business   goals/results, M&A activities,=20
projects/initiatives, culture, leadership, management practices, diversity,=20
values, etc.
Because the forum will work only if everyone actively participates, we=20
encourage you to accept this invitation only if you=20
intend to have something to say and if you are willing to allow others to do=20
the same. For planning purposes, it is essential that=20
you RSVP no later than Friday, March 16, 2001 by return e-mail to Debbie=20
Nowak, or via fax 713.646.8586. =20
Once we have ensured an even distribution of participants throughout these=20
sessions, we will confirm with you, in writing,
as to what session you will attend.  We will try to honor requests for first=20
choices as much as possible. =20
Should you have any questions or concerns, please notify Gerry Gibson by=20
e-mail (gerry.gibson@).  Gerry can also be reached at 713.345.6806.
Thank you.
i rsvp
You are cordially invited to attend cocktails and dinner on April 10, 2001 at 
La Colombe d'Or restaurant located at 3410 Montrose Blvd (a map can be found 
at www.lacolombedor.com).  Cocktail hour will start at 7:00 pm with dinner to 
follow 
Please note:  this dinner is for the Trading Track Program.
Please RSVP to Ted Bland at extension 3-5275 before April 6, 2001.
Looks good.  certainly an area we need more focus on.  Obviously the most 
important aspect of lng is how much gas is coming in, what is that relative 
to last year, and what new capacity is coming longer term As an aside, nat gas trades as a funciton of the storage spread to last year 
and five year averages.  It would be very useful if all fundamental analysis 
were geared the same way.  The fact that lng shipments are x this week is 
meaningless.  the fact that they are y delta of last year is extremely 
useful.  if you noticed in the fundies meeting, i was trying to move 
discussion that way.  what's switching vis a vis last year.   whats 
production relative to last year.  it simplifies the fundamental analysis.
An initial effort--please comment
Andy:
Good to hear.  There continue to be a proliferation of new systems coming 
online in the US; two more start in the next two months.  We are pretty close 
to finalizing a plan to open our system to everyone in terms of accepting 
limit orders and posting best bid/offer regardless of whose it is.  In this 
framework, Enron would sleeve credit for free should two third parties be 
matched on our system.  However, we would hold the book, getting to see what 
everyone was doing at all times.  The idea is that if we can move the 
industry's order flow from 30-40% EOL to 60% EOL, we get a huge information 
advantage in addition to a couple trading advantages, namely we have first 
priority on all numbers even if we are joining a limit bid posted by a 
counterparty before us and second, we posess a proprietary stack manager that 
will allow us to transact on attractive limit orders faster than our 
competitors.  Still working on technical issues.  The decision to open EOL 
markets would be done on a product by product basis.  Give me a call if you 
want to discuss.
Andrew Fairley
03/13/2001 11:14 AM
John
Redmond & I have now had a few weeks to implement some of your advice with 
regard to EOL for UK gas.
We have managed to double our average daily volumes, and are capturing a 
considerably greater share of the market. (We estimate 50% now).
Spectron are getting about 20-30% of the number of trades we do. There are 
still some counterparties who insist on paying through our numbers and paying 
brokerage so they do not show us what we are doing!  As far as we are 
concerned we only use SpectronLive on UK gas when we are  executing the 
strategy you mentioned below. 
Once again, thanks for your help
All the best,
Andy
John Arnold
21/02/2001 04:26
Andy:
Enjoyed meeting with you 
One more thing I did not address.  My ultimate goal is to move all volume to 
EOL.  However, in addition to the NYMEX, we have about 6 other viable 
electronic trading systems.  We make it a point to never support these if 
possible.  We will only trade if the other system's offer is at or greater 
than our bid.  For instance, if we are 6/8 but have a strong inclination to 
buy and another system is at 7, I will simultaneously lift their 7's and move 
my market to 7/9.  The lesson the counterparty gets is he will only get the 
trade if I'm bidding 7 and he will only get executed when it is a bad trade 
to him.  People have learned fairly quickly not to leave numbers on the other 
systems because they will just get picked off.  If they don't post numbers on 
the other systems, the systems get no liquidity and die.
I mention this because I have heard that Enron is a fairly large trader on 
Spectron's system.  I don't know whether it is in   to gas, power, or 
metals.  Just something to think about and maybe talk about with the other 
traders.
John
Andrew Fairley
02/20/2001 11:15 AM
Thank you so much for your time last week.
David and I found the time especially valuable. We have spotted several 
issues helpful for our own market.
This should certainly help in the growth of our markets here in Europe. We 
trust it won't be too long before we see similarly impressive results from 
our side of the pond.
Andy
heffner how?
was pretty long coming into today just playing the range.  sold everything on=20
the way up.  will be s scale up seller probably through options.  certainly a=20
short squeeze in trade today and i don;t think anything changes tomorrow=20
except maybe trade gets more confident in the short at the higher level and=20
if cash rejects higher prices. =20
will be buying lots of puts on the way up so i guess for me vol is not too=20
high.  i was short vol and covered it all this morn.  think we could be in=20
for some turbulence here
slafontaine@globalp.com on 03/20/2001 10:48:43 AM
vol seems rich here for ngas no/ what do we do here with flat price? how was
cabo?
Scsotc@aol.com on 03/20/2001 08:18:54 AM
The attached report will be downloaded into microsoft word.
Have a nice day.
,
SCS
S.C.S. Straddle Report for CL as of 3/19/2001
Option         Future
Month  Strike     Set    Vol     Set
OTMP           2200       1  159.2
STD  APR01    2650      40   50.0    2674
OTMC           2700      10   55.5
OTMP           2500      45   39.5
STD  MAY01    2700     228   37.2    2692
OTMC           2900      43   37.4
OTMP           2450      66   38.9
STD  JUN01    2700     315   36.4    2699
OTMC           3000      57   36.2
OTMP           2450      87   36.9
STD  JUL01    2700     370   35.3    2698
OTMC           3100      63   36.1
OTMP           2400      99   36.6
STD  AUG01    2700     423   34.9    2683
OTMC           3150      72   35.6
OTMP           2350     108   36.7
STD  SEP01    2650     458   34.4    2664
OTMC           3200      75   35.0
OTMP           2300     116   36.7
STD  OCT01    2600     488   33.8    2642
OTMC           3200      83   34.2
OTMP           2300     131   36.0
STD  NOV01    2600     512   33.7    2620
OTMC           3200      90   34.2
OTMP           2250     131   35.3
STD  DEC01    2600     527   32.6    2597
OTMC           3200      94   33.3
OTMP           2200     130   34.9
STD  JAN02    2600     570   33.5    2574
OTMC           3000     139   32.9
OTMP           2200     140   33.7
STD  FEB02    2550     535   30.3    2551
OTMP           2100     148   31.5
STD  JUN02    2450     560   28.6    2456
OTMC           3300      84   30.4
OTMP           2000     163   28.7
STD  DEC02    2350     612   27.9    2328
OTMC           3000     115   27.4
OTMP           1900     174   25.1
STD  DEC03    2250     628   24.9    2198
S.C.S. Straddle Report for HO as of 3/19/2001
Option         Future
Month  Strike     Set    Vol     Set
STD  APR01    7000     368   41.8    7038
OTMC           7400      80   47.4
STD  MAY01    7000     645   35.9    6885
OTMC           7500     128   38.4
STD  JUN01    7000     816   34.2    6870
OTMC           7700     134   34.2
OTMP           6800     425   33.9
STD  JUL01    6900     988   34.1    6910
OTMC           8000     188   37.4
OTMP           6800     462   33.6
STD  AUG01    7000    1105   33.9    6965
OTMC           8200     209   36.4
OTMP           6600     409   33.9
STD  SEP01    7000    1236   33.9    7040
OTMC           8900     184   37.8
OTMP           6600     431   33.9
STD  OCT01    7100    1348   33.9    7110
OTMC           8800     251   37.3
S.C.S. Straddle Report for HU as of 3/19/2001
Option         Future
Month  Strike     Set    Vol     Set
OTMP           8400      97   42.6
STD  APR01    8700     467   42.7    8743
OTMC           9200      84   44.3
S.C.S. Straddle Report for NG as of 3/19/2001
Option         Future
Month  Strike     Set    Vol     Set
OTMP           4750      46   47.8
STD  APR01    5000     305   48.4    5035
OTMC           5250      76   50.1
OTMP           4600     122   48.1
STD  MAY01    5050     612   47.0    5062
OTMC           5750      95   47.9
OTMP           4550     178   47.5
STD  JUN01    5100     802   46.3    5092
OTMC           5950     147   48.0
OTMP           4500     219   47.2
STD  JUL01    5150     990   47.4    5132
OTMC           6200     192   49.3
OTMP           4450     241   46.1
STD  AUG01    5150    1118   46.7    5152
OTMC           6500     195   48.6
OTMP           4400     291   47.1
STD  SEP01    5150    1267   47.7    5132
OTMC           6500     256   49.4
OTMP           4250     281   47.5
STD  OCT01    5150    1393   48.7    5137
OTMC           6000     434   50.7
OTMP           4500     379   47.1
STD  NOV01    5250    1470   48.2    5257
OTMC           7500     284   54.4
OTMP           4500     388   47.0
STD  DEC01    5450    1661   48.4    5377
OTMC           6750     451   50.8
STD  SEP02    2700    2003   42.2    4519
STD  DEC02    2950    2131   44.4    4730
OTMP           2700     141   37.6
STD  MAR03    2750    1928   37.6    4459
OTMC           4750     410   48.2
=0F:
SOblander@carrfut.com on 03/20/2001 07:05:45 AM
The information contained herein is based on sources that we believe to be
reliable, but we do not represent that it is accurate or complete.  Nothing
contained herein should be considered as an offer to sell or a solicitation
of an offer to buy any financial instruments discussed herein.  Any
opinions expressed herein are solely those of the author.  As such, they
may differ in material respects from those of, or expressed or published by
on behalf of Carr Futures or its officers, directors, employees or
affiliates.  , 2000 Carr Futures
The charts are now available on the web by clicking on the hot link(s)
contained in this email. If for any reason you are unable to receive the
charts via the web, please contact me via email and I will email the charts
to you as attachments.
Please look at the improved natural gas matrices.
Crude Natural Gas Distillate Unleaded 
Nat Gas Strip Matrix
Nat Gas Spread Matrix
Crude and Products Spread Matrix
Carr Futures
150 S. Wacker Dr., Suite 1500
Chicago, IL 60606  USA
Tel:  312-368-6149
Fax:  312-368-2281
soblander@carrfut.com
hey podner:
where are you buying me dinner tonight?
wanna bring me back to work?
Matthew Arnold
03/19/2001 03:25 PM
halleleujah.  want to bring it by later?
John Arnold
03/19/2001 03:23 PM
you'll be happy to know i get my car back today
just got it today.   thanks
John -
I had our Alternative Investments Group ship the offering materials for 4
different hedge funds to your office, and I wanted to confirm that you
Thanks,
 Michael Gapinski
 Account Vice President
 Emery Financial Group
 PaineWebber, Inc.
 713-654-0365
 800-553-3119 x365
 Fax: 713-654-1281
 Cell: 281-435-0295