__________________________________________________
Terrorist Attacks on U.S. - How can you help?
Donate cash, emergency relief information
you have way too much free time on your hands.  You maybe should be back in bed and not at work causing trouble between already troubled employees.  Nice art work!!
I thought you all would enjoy this.
Paul:
Up for playing spuash this week Ben
Billy:
Good to see you back online.  Need to play some tennis before I leave.  I'll give you a call later.
Ben
Great audio clip.
Thought you might like this!
Duncan Rhodes
El Paso North America
1001 Louisiana Street
Houston, TX 77002
713.420.6745 work
713.410.2681 cellular
713.420.3174 fax
(See attached file: enron.mp3)
- enron.mp3  
Home e-mail:
rogersofenron@yahoo.com
This article from NYTimes.com
has been sent to you by gwoulfe@.
The Flipped-Over Rock
February 21, 2002
By WILLIAM SAFIRE
WASHINGTON -- What wife of a United States senator profited
from her close association with a big company that did
heavy lobbying of the federal government and then went
bust, costing investors billions and workers their jobs?
Why, Wendy Gramm, most recently awakened watchdogs would
say, wife of the Republican Phil Gramm of Texas, previous
chairman of the Banking Committee. As a director of Enron,
she was on the audit committee that didn't question the
fast-and- loose auditing, and (subtracting the deferred
compensation that went into the tank) received about
$220,000 over eight years.
That's peanuts, say Republicans. The senatorial wife who
hit it big was Anne Bingaman, married to New Mexico's Jeff
Bingaman, chairman of the Energy and Natural Resources
Committee. As lobbyist for the telecommunications comet
Global Crossing, which went bankrupt last month, she
Both senatorial wives are accomplished executives who
parlayed responsible government appointments into lucrative
private positions.
Wendy Gramm was chairman of the Commodity Futures Trading
Commission. Anne Bingaman was Bill Clinton's assistant
attorney general for antitrust until leaving in June 1996.
Her lobbying fee for delaying approval of a competitor's
undersea cable still makes Beltway bandits gasp.
This juxtaposition shows that the Enron scandal is having
only bipartisan political fallout; in this case, the
"everybody did it" defense works. (You can bet that neither
spouse will be subpoenaed and publicly humiliated by the
club member Fritz Hollings at the Commerce Committee.)
Because both the biggest bankrupt (Enron) and the
fourth-biggest bankrupt (Global Crossing) made
contributions to politicians of both parties, the resulting
public disgust has been used to advance bipartisan campaign
finance reform.
Enron, which mostly embarrassed Republicans, has been wrung
dry in the media; the sight of the tilted "E" symbol
elicits yawns from viewers. It's the telecommunications
giant Global Crossing's turn in the barrel; now we'll be
hearing about Clinton connections on its board and its
boss's million-dollar contribution to the Clinton library.
Especially delicious will be the examination of Terry
McAuliffe, the fabled fund-raiser whom Bill Clinton
insisted the Democratic National Committee take on as
chairman. McAuliffe says he merely invested $100,000 in
Global Crossing and sold it for $18 million, and what's the
big deal? What his D.N.C. spokesman won't say is what price
per share he paid before the company went public, and what
that stock was worth when it went on the market - and what
he did to earn the difference. (Same question could be
directed to Bush the elder.)
But after the politicians tire of wounding each other and
declare a truce, we may see some overdue action on the
control of financial derivatives. These are the
investments, often off the books, in futures and currencies
that slice and dice risk and have made instant
billionaires, but whose abuse has been disastrous to
investors from Orange County to Long-Term Capital
Management.
Hedge funds are supposed to spread and reduce risk; in
reality, they are often used to make huge bets unknown to
their institutional investors. Accountants are supposed to
enforce disclosure of all liabilities, but many have become
expert in the concealment of risk.
I don't profess to understand the worries some of my
financial sources express about dangerous excesses in the
convertible bond market, "swaptions" and ever-narrowing
derivatives. But my unwillingness to break my head learning
these intricacies gives the wheeler-dealers an edge.
Complication and secrecy are mother's milk to them, while
the average investor's best protection is full disclosure.
When you flip over a flat rock like Enron or Global
Crossing, you see much panicky scurrying-about by those who
like to work in the dark. For too long, new-economy
corporate creeps and their accounting Heeps have hidden
risk in arcane off-the-books dealing. The new S.E.C.
chairman, Harvey Pitt, seems not to get it: Stop pretending
it's a political scandal and start dealing with the
accounting and derivatives scandal.
HOW TO ADVERTISE
For general information about NYTimes.com, write to
help@nytimes.com.
Dad:
Let me know if you got the FedEx package I sent you yesterday.  It has some info I want to go through with you this weekend.  Also, I sent you Cliff's resume for you to look at so that you can give him a call with the hopes of hiring him for a finance position.  I'll talk to you soon.
Ben
sounds good.  Meet at the Briar Club?
My toe is feeling better.  How about tennis later this afternoon?   The we
can have beers and watch the USA beat the cry baby Russians.
yes - Otto's or Texadelphia
Interesting, are you around for a late lunch?
Dad:
Did you see that Dynegy is spinning off a MLP called Dynegy Energy Partners.  Exactly what I have been talking about could be happening and that is still a very good idea, with maybe some of the players in your area.  Also, John Rowe as been named sole CEO and Chairman of Exelon. They came out yesterday and said they were interested in merging with a midwest utility.  Talk to you soon.
Ben
Hey Ben,
Finally getting settled in, here's my new info:
3842 Jewell St K303
San Diego, 92109
home 858-483-2641
work 619-652-5477
cell 858-349-8312
Enjoy the MV trip.  Get in touch if you're ever in
town.
Pete
--- Benjamin.Rogers@ wrote:
 Peter:
 Gppd tp hear from you.  Congrats on heading out to
 CA - thats great.  I
 know that you been wanting to head west for some
 time now.  Work is going
 well, I'm in the power trading group, trading MW's.
 I'm visiting my folks
 up in the Vineyard in the beginnning of August, so
 it will be good to hang
 out up East.  I haven't seen Derek lately, I know he
 is in H town, working
 for the summer.  Well, good luck with moving out
 west and keep in touch.
 Talk to you soon.
 Ben