1.  Great Aunt
2.  Great Grandma
3.  3rd Cousin
4.  Sister-in-law
5.  Nephew
6.  Step-mother
7.  1st cousin or yourself
Carolyn Ashley  These are awesome images.
- JESUS 2.jpg
- JESUS.jpg
- Last Supper.jpg
Enjoy!
?
- election_whazzup.exe
Nikki - call me after you get this.
Hi Kathy -
I'm Dana Davis.  A member of Veterans Memorial are you still sending 
information/directions regarding Edith's bridal shower on Dec. 2nd?
EdithErica@aol.com on 11/22/2000 09:06:29 AM
I'm resending this email because it appears that I am having problems
forwarding
to my sisters email address. The address is kathy_d_lacy@reliantenergy.com.
If you care to respond, please remember to copy me as well  and I'm sure one
of us will get the information. For those of you who did receive this email
the first time please scroll down.
Thank you
Edith 
Rosalyn -
Can I get you to forward me an old SAP wire transfer file.  I need the form 
to give to someone 
Thanks!
EdithErica@aol.com on 11/22/2000 08:35:39 AM
Good Morning My Sisters In Christ,
I am writing you on behalf of a bridal shower that my sister wants to give me
on Dec. 2nd at 6:30 pm. I want to extend an invitation to all of you who are
interested in coming. For those of you that would be interested, I will need
your address forwarded to Kathy (my sister) and copy me. Her email address is
kathy-lacy@reliantenergy.com and you can copy me here to my my home email
address. I would also appreciate it if you would get the word out to others
that do not have email and to others that might be interested in coming. I
was asked to get this information 2 weeks ago but I have been on the run so
please forgive me for this late hour if you please. Thank you in advance for
your response.
Edith 
Joseph Stewart  DANA , DANA, DANA I DELETED THE FILE BY MISTAKE IF YOU
ARE STILL AT WORK SEND IT AGAIN
You are forwarding these messages to the wrong Dana Davis.  Try Mark Dana 
Davis Jr.
The New England Conference of Public Utilities Commissioners (NECUPUC) filed 
an Answer if Support of the Motion of the Maine Public Utilities Commission 
for Disclosure of Information.
NECUPUC supports the request for the release of the unredacted copies of 
ISO-NE's September 21, 2000 Answer in this case.  In the alternative, they 
would ask that the Commission provide to the regulators that are parties to 
the proceeding unredacted copies of the ISO's September 21, 2000 Answer 
subject to an appropriate protective order.
Duke Energy North America (DENA) filed an Answer that opposes the MPUC 
request for public information.
DENA argues that only a  three month lag in the release of confidential 
information is impermissible under a prior FERC ruling in the NSTAR Services 
Co. case which set out a six-month lag rule for the release of information.
Their second argument was that the request seeks information for all NEPOOL 
markets and not just the ICAP market which is subject to the suit.
If the FERC authorizes the release of confidential information, then it 
should be subject to a protective order which contains the following:
The information may only be used for the purposes of this docket.
Only specifically named "reviewing Reps associated with the MPUC may review 
the information.
The confidential materials may not be removed from the NE-ISO's premises.
The reviewing rep must execute a nondisclosure certificate.
Answer to the MPUC's Motion for Disclosure of Information from Northeast 
Utilities Service Company and Select Energy and request for expedited 
commission action.  NUSCO and Select Energy Support MPUC's request for 
disclosure of information that the ISO has filed under seal, but opposes the 
selective disclosure of this information to the MPUC and other regulatory 
commissions and not other participants.   NUSCO and Select Energy request 
expedited action due the financial implications and there is also 
considerable uncertainty regarding prices in the residual ICAP market in 
January, February and March of 2000 due to the suspended settlement pending 
Commission guidance.
Put this on Kevin's review...THAT HE HELP YOU ANSWER QUESTIONS IN THAT 
MEETING WITH SARA BOLKEN (MILLICAN & ASSOC.), THE ARCHIVE GROUP.
"perfmgmt@"<perfmgmt on 11/02/2000 08:13:14 AM
NOTE:  YOU WILL RECEIVE THIS MESSAGE EACH TIME YOU ARE SELECTED AS A REVIEWER.
You have been selected to participate in the Year End 2000 Performance 
Management process by providing meaningful feedback on specific employee(s Your feedback plays an important role in the process, and your participation 
is critical to the success of Enron's Performance Management goals.
To complete requests for feedback, access PEP at and select Perform Review under Performance Review Services.  You may begin 
providing feedback immediately and are requested to have all feedback forms 
completed by Friday, November 17, 2000.
If you have any questions regarding PEP or your responsibility in the 
process, please contact the PEP Help Desk at:
Houston: 1.713.853.4777, Option 4
London:  44.207.783.4040, Option 4
Email: perfmgmt@
Thank you for your participation in this important process.
The following is a CUMULATIVE list of employee feedback requests with a 
status of "OPEN."   Once you have submitted or declined an employee's request 
for feedback, their name will no longer appear on this list.
Review Group: ENRON
Feedback Due Date: Nov 17, 2000
Employee Name                   Supervisor Name                 Date Selected
Rebecca Sanchez
11/03/2000 10:35 AM
MyAngelADM@aol.com on 11/03/2000 09:39:24 AM
Dana,
Here is a partial list of addresses I had here at work.  I will have to
go home and find the others.  Do you have a fax machine at home?
Denise
They are already set up as labels in WP6.0 and these should be transferable
to Word.
- SEEDSLAB.WPD
Dana,
Here is a partial list of addresses I had here at work.  I will have to
go home and find the others.  Do you have a fax machine at home?
Denise
They are already set up as labels in WP6.0 and these should be transferable
to Word.
- SEEDSLAB.WPD
I have an appointment tomorrow and I will be leaving at 4pm.  Will it be 
possible for you to be here to support the accountants until 5pm?
Rufino Doroteo
10/27/2000 10:00 AM
- overworked.gif
Items immediately available:
Dinette Set:  $300. -   ( SOLD)
6 - Chair's
1 - Table W/ 2 Inserts
1 - China Hutch  (Match Table)
Dark Walnut Color
Side by Side Refrigerator:  $250.
Kenmore - 22.0 Cu. Ft.
Ice Maker & Water Dispenser in Door
Almond Color
Washer & Dryer:  $150  (Both)
Kenmore  Heavy Duty
Electric Dryer
Almond Color
Office Desk: $50.
Metal with Two Side Drawer's
(1) File Drawer size
Pull-out Pad and Pencil Drawer.
Grey File Cabinet Color
Misc. Items: 
TV Stand:  $20.
Shop Work Bench (Wood/Stained):   $75.
Shop/Sports Storage Shelfs (Wall Unit - Wood):   $50
Contact:  J.R. - (713) 853-7588   or   (281) 376-7280 After 6:00 P.M.
Hey Joe!  Fat Chance about you being kicked off the anniversary committee 
cause if you go, I GO 
Not very many people showed up for the meeting.  Grace, Pastor, Kevin, 
Carolyn, Mother Jackson and I were there. Not a whole lot of decisions were 
made;  mostly we just gave Grace an update on what we discussed last 
Wednesday 
"DON'T QUOTE ME"
Mass mailing to all churches is our area as well as some selected churches 
outside our area  such as Windsor Village, Mount Vernon, St. Agnes, Abundant 
Life, Good Hope, Lakewood and Memorial. Target date: Nov. 15th and Dec. 1 cut 
off
Curtis spoke to Shaun McLemore yesterday?.  He said something about having 
nice and lengthy conversation with him regarding some CD.  Like I said "DON'T 
QUOTE ME"   but Shaun was OK with it as long as there would be no 
reproduction of it to make a profit.  That's all I can remember now.  I'll 
see you tonight at choir rehearsal.
dd
Joseph Stewart  Dana, thanks for the emails. Hey guess what I forgot about the meeting today, 
I have probably been kicked off of the anniversary committee. did you go? 
what happen? I haven't heard from anyone.
thanks
Joe