While the more-open gas market may have more tools available than in electric 
markets, market solutions have been proposed as an alternative to legislated 
rate caps in the hard hit San Diego market.
Gavin -- please send Irwin copies of the articles on the offers made in San 
Diego.
Stelzer@aol.com on 08/25/2000 03:14:04 PM
The WSJ report of 8-23 on the power/price situation in Con Ed's territory 
contains the following: "And the tools to hedge prices, such as those that 
exist in other commodities markets, aren't fully developed yet for th 
fledgling deregulated electricity industry."
That might be worthy of comment in my talk. Anything I should see on the 
subject?
Attached is a draft of the Agenda we discussed.  Irwin - I show Joskow on 
here but he has already declined (his wife is having surgery right before our 
meeting date).  We may want to consider someone like Seabron Adamson 
(Frontier Economics) or perhaps someone else.
No.  We have reallocated some of the responsibilities, but Cindy has a 
significant part of the HR organization and continues to manage Community 
Relations, so her title is accurate.  Thanks
Thanks, Steve. Do we need to change Cindy Olson's title? Let me know.
We should include David Oxley -- VP of human resources.
Steve:
Please review the attached ENE Officer list for your direct reports and 
approve.
Thank you.
Kelly M. Johnson
Enron Corp.
Executive Assistant
Tel: (713) 853-6485
Fax: (713) 853-2534
E-Mail: kelly.johnson@
Looks ok
Peggy Mahoney@EES
08/25/2000 01:24 PM
New version.  I think all suggested changes were made.
Let me know soon!!
Peggy  
Kathy Johnson
08/25/2000 12:39 PM
Peggy:
Attached is the revised release.  On Gene's direction, I did not omit the 
"economies of scale" phrase, but I did make changes which attribute it to 
technology (AOL) and processing (IBM).
Let me know what everyone thinks.
Thanks,
Kathy
looks fine
Steve and Cindy,
Attached is the electronic "Save the Date" memo for the Management 
Conference.  We are preparing to send it out next week.  Please let me know 
if you have any comments or concerns on the e-mail 
As for distribution, we've worked with HR on the distribution list for VPs; 
but will circle back with David Oxley's team to ensure we have the most 
up-to-date list.  Since some VPs in redeployment will most likely find 
positions within Enron by November, I don't plan to exclude them from the 
distribution ... unlike United Way, where we are not soliciting employees in 
redeployment for a contribution.
I look forward to any feedback.
Terrie James
Senior Director, Public Relations
Enron Broadband Services
(ph) 713.853.7727
(fax) 713.646.3248
terrie.james@
We should include David Oxley -- VP of human resources.
Steve:
Please review the attached ENE Officer list for your direct reports and 
approve.
Thank you.
Kelly M. Johnson
Enron Corp.
Executive Assistant
Tel: (713) 853-6485
Fax: (713) 853-2534
E-Mail: kelly.johnson@
Note to Steven Kean
The July Update to the Retail Energy Deregulation Index (RED Index),
published twice a year by the Center for the Advancement of Energy Markets
(CAEM) shows Texas, Maine, and New York are making the most measurable
strides in promoting sustainable competition among electricity providers, as
customers throughout Pennsylvania retreat to their default providers due to
increasing wholesale prices.
The RED Index, which is the only known tool that objectively ranks states by
22 attributes on how they are restructuring their power markets, today
released the U.S. rankings for all 50 states and the District of Columbia,
in a 187 page report.  Key results included:
1. Pennsylvania      66
2. Texas         65
3. New York         64
4. Maine         62
17. California         34
"These numbers underscore the importance of building a healthy foundation on
which electric competition can grow," said Ken Malloy, CEO of the Center.
"While California's crisis has brought a lot of positive attention to
Pennsylvania's model, many customers in the Keystone State are returning to
their original utility suppliers.  It underscores how important it is to put
the right fundamentals in place if consumers and suppliers are to benefit
over the long haul," Malloy said.
In rankings that included all of North America, the province of Alberta
actually would rank above all the states with a score of 68.
The mid-year RED Index also found that 62% of states expressing an opinion
indicated that their commission is not "less likely to take action on energy
restructuring as a result of the California crisis."
CAEM is an independent, nonprofit, think tank based in Washington, DC whose
mission is to promote an effective transition from the monopoly to the
competitive model of regulation.
For information about obtaining a copy of the RED Index, go to www.caem.org.
For more information, please contact:
Nancy Etkin at 703-532-6887 or netkin@caem.org
If you do not wish to receive announcements from CAEM, please put "remove"
in the subject line in a reply to this email.
477
OK
Steve -- For your approval.  As some additional information regarding the 
request, Kathy, Diane Taylor and I met with Deana Taylor this afternoon to 
understand what each person's role was and the specific access needed.  For 
the interim, we are recommending that the HR View Basic Data & Org ENTP and 
View Payroll and Time ENTP role be granted to each of the individuals listed 
below.  Until January 1, this function was performed in the Payroll 
Department and at that time was transitioned to Karen and Deana's group.  The 
people listed below actually transferred from the Payroll Department.  For 
the long term, we are going to look at creating a specific role for this 
group that would let them access only those data elements needed.
I've spoken with Mary Joyce by phone and she has approved, so I am requesting 
your approval as well.  These people have basically been prevented from being 
able to reconcile any of the net pay accounts, etc.  for the past week.
Please let me know if you will approve or if you need any additional 
information.
Thanks.
Jo Ann
Jo Ann,
As we discussed I am sending this email to request PR2 Enterprise access 
re-activated for the following employees:
Karen Choyce               HR View Basic Data & Org ENTP
Deana Taylor                HR View Basic Data & Org ENTP
Joanne Cortez              HR View Basic Data & Org ENTP     (starting in 
the group 7/16)
Rebecca Tran               HR View Basic Data & Org ENTP   &   View 
Payroll and Time
Roy Comeaux              HR View Basic Data & Org ENTP   &   View Payroll 
and Time
George Howell              HR View Basic Data & Org ENTP   &   View 
Payroll and Time  
Please note I am not requesting access for the entire department,  the list 
of employees above are the only individuals in our group that will be allowed 
this type of access. Corp's payroll accounting group is responsible for 
reconciling the general ledger balance sheet accounts across all Enron 
companies, therefore Enterprise access is needed.
The requested access is essential for our group to perform our job.   Without 
this, we are unable to trace amounts related to FIT, FICA, net pay, stock 
option deductions, etc,  through the payroll system to the ledger, and to 
ensure that the items are accounted for properly.   Equally as important the access enables us to identify system issues between PR2 (payroll) and PR1 
(ledger).   Corp's payroll accounting group has already identified several 
processing issues and alerted the ISC 
I hope this "pleads our case" on why we need the access and request it be 
re-activated.    Please feel free to call me or Mark Lindsey, if you need 
additional information. 
Thanks,
Deana
3-4593
I would like to see research from all of these sources on areas of interest 
to enron -- energy and broadband, North America and Europe.  Thanks
Attached are two research reports that I can send to you on a daily basis. 
One of our many benefits here at our new location is the availability of 
various research sources. The two reports I have attached are from :
The First Union Securities Equity Marketing Group
and
Merrill Lynch
We also have access to Goldman Sachs research, and CS First Boston Research. 
Please let me know if you would like me to continue sending these reports on 
a daily basis, or if you have any particular companies that you are 
interested in hearing about.
Sincerely,
Hank Emery
- Spotlight071801.pdf.pdf
- smith.pdf.pdf
Congrats
Linda Robertson
07/19/2001 09:44 AM
John Shelk will provide a more thorough report in a later Email, but I just 
wanted you to know that the Waxman price cap amendment was just defeated in 
full Committee markup and the Eshoo refund amendment was defeated.  Both by 
sizable margins 
fyi
Steve, fyi Mike Terraso
FYI,=20
Don=20
=01; =20
Sent:=01;=01; Wednesday, July 18, 2001 4:24 PM=20
We have completed the inspection of the GAA line to LaPaz, and everything=20
looks OK.=01; We'll reinitiate gas flow tonight.=01; OSSA II should be completed=20
tomorrow.=01; Army personnel continues to be patrolling the area, but things=20
remain pretty calm, despite several areas in the country that are under=20
roadblock by protesters.
I'm going to keep things in emergency status until at least tomorrow, after=20
today's roadblocks are lifted.=01; Will advise of any developments.
Steve=20
Steve Hopper=20
07/17/2001 07:02 PM=20
=20
Subject:=01;=01;=01;=01;=01;=01;=01; 17/7 - 7:00 p.m. - Update: Emergency=20
The situation continues to be stable.=01; CLHB has reinitated LPG operations to=20
LaPaz, but continue their inspection.=01; TR will not reinitiate gas or crude=20
export operations until we have completed our inspection.=01; We have formed=20
joint teams with CLHB and Army personnel to perform the inspection.=01; It could=20
take as long as 48 hours, but we'll have a better estimate after we get a=20
progress report in the morning.=01;=01; All crews available systemwide are=20
mobilizing for inspection of the entire system, but for now our priority=20
continues to be the lines in the altiplano.=01; The three stations in the=20
altiplano have been shut down, bled off, and locked.=01; Other supervisors=20
throughout the system have been advised and are on alert.
Government and regulator continue to be supportive of our shut-down and=20
inspection action plan.=01; We have developed a contingency plan with COBEE (the=20
regional electricity distributor) under which they will redistribute energy=20
out of spare capacity in Cochabamba to LaPaz=01; - this should cover LaPaz's=20
electricity needs during the duration of time we need to complete our=20
inspection.=01; The only other significant consumer is a large cement plant in=20
LaPaz.=01; We've agreed that they will slow down their operations, and provide=20
only small, local supplies (industrial concrete demand will be shut-in).
We did not send a press release on the issue, although we have received=20
inquiries - our response is that we are concerned about the risk to Bolivians=20
this action presented, and we are performing an inspection on the system.=01; We=20
are avoiding mention of gas stoppage to LaPaz at this time, due to the=20
volatility of the issue in LaPaz.=01; Government (VMEH, SIRESE) has agreed with=20
the message.
We expect that with the cement plant and power plant off-line, line pack=20
should be sufficient to keep commercial demand satisfied for a few days.=01; In=20
either event, we are working with the local gas distributor to prepare a=20
notice for LaPaz newspapers instructing gas consumers in the area how to=20
safely shut-down and restart their equipment in the event that it becomes=20
necessary.
The most likely scenario as of now is that Edwin Morales - a local=20
revolutionary tied to the coca trade - is behind the action.=01; Morales has had=20
contact in the past with the Raul Rocha bunch out of Chuquina (Oruro), so=20
we're still not sure whether this was an act against TR and/or the industry,=20
or if it is against government.=01; Morales has just joined forces with another=20
rebel out of Cochabamba and is planning nationwide road blocks for tomorrow.=01;=20
Their agenda is national - they've never isolated TR or our industry as a=20
whole, although Chaco in the north have been targeted in the past, probably=20
because they have a field in the middle of Morales' stronghold.=01; The=20
political situation here is tenuous with Banzer out and various political=20
interests looking to fill the leadership void.=01; We're watching this situation=20
closely.=01; The local Army brigade has committed to staying on vigilance for at=20
least the next few days - once we're comfortable with the operational=20
situation, we'll discuss a longer-term solution.
Steve=20
Steve Hopper=20
07/17/2001 03:53 PM=20
=20
Subject:=01;=01;=01;=01;=01;=01;=01; Emergency=20
=01;=01;=01;=01;=01;=01;=01;  =01;=01;=01;=01;=01;=01;=01;
At 1:45 p.m. today, a CLHB line walker discovered a bomb on their LPG line=20
in the Altiplano 14 km from out SicaSica station.=01; Our OSSA II (crude exports=20
to Chile) and GAA (gas to LaPaz) share the same ROW, and would likely have=20
been taken out with the bomb.=01; We understand that the bomb, which had a=20
manual fuse, did not go off, but had been lit and failed to explode.=01; The=20
Army has been mobilized to diffuse the bomb, and we consider the immediate=20
threat neutralized.
However, given that we have now seen several attempts in the last 10 days of=20
sabotage against our lines, I have declared a state of EMERGENCY, and will=20
notify the Enron Crisis team.
We have shut all Altiplano pipeline operations down, and have mobilized a=20
joint CLHB/TR/Army team to perform vigilance on the entire altiplano=20
network.=01; The immediate result of this is that lights will likely start to go=20
out in LaPaz within the next few hours - the GAA line is their primary power=20
fuel supply.=01; I've notified all relevant government authorities of the=20
situation, and so far am getting support.=01; I've also asked the Embassy to=20
look into the situation, with the understanding that if this is the result of=20
an organized movement, they might have access to intelligence that could be=20
helpful.
Additionally, we've shut down all non-critical maintenance operations=20
throughtout the rest of the system, and are directing spare personnel to=20
perform vigilance on the remainder of the system as quickly as possible.=01;=20
Until and unless we have information that this threat goes beyond the=20
altiplano, we will continue operations, with all stations on alert.=01; We will=20
kick off the the total system inspection within the next few hours, as soon=20
as our people complete the overall plan.
I will keep you posted as things develop.=20
Steve=20
These are useful updates.  Please include Whalley, Lavorato, Parquet, 
Dietrich, Delainey, Kitchens, Haedicke, Sanders, Kirby, Sharp, Leff, Calger, 
Belden etc on future updates.  Thanks
The Senate, the Assembly and the Governor are either poised to engage in very 
difficult negotiations, or the three are about to crash and burn and Edison's 
going to be left dangling.
In the Senate:
The Senate bill 78XX is with about 90% likelihood going to be voted out of 
the Senate tonight---without a vote having taking place in any committee.
Burton announced during one of the two "informational" hearings that "this is 
it," despite the view of just about everyone who appeared before the 
committees the bill likely won't prevent Edison from going bankrupt.
The key features of the bill are:
Banks and QFs get paid in full.
Edison shareholders would be responsible for debts owed to suppliers
No direct access.
There are conflicting reports about whether the Senate will take up the bill 
tomorrow de-linking the bonds from the DWR contracts and whether the 
Republicans will go along with it.
In the Assembly:
The Committee is hearing the Wright and Hertzberg bills as we speak, with 
Hertzberg's the likely winner.
That bill now provides for Direct Access under certain conditions (the 
amendments describing the conditions were faxed today).
We're attempting to get the "July 12" date changed to "the effective date of 
the bill" or later.
The Assembly likely won't vote the Hertzberg bill out until tomorrow at the 
earliest.
The Problem:
The Assembly and Senate bills are diametrically opposed in the way each 
approaches the problem---in short, the bills are two ships passing in the 
night.
The Democratic leaders (Governor, Hertzberg, Burton) aren't talking, and 
Burton hasn't expressed any interest in talking---to anybody.
The likely outcome given the circumstances Burton says he's done what he needs to do (i.e., passed out a "fair" bill the Assembly and Senate can't agree; they finish the budget; time runs out; 
they leave Friday; and Edison's left twisting.
That said, there's still a chance that the Governor could call Burton and sit 
down with Burton and Hertzberg and work something out by Friday, or begin 
talking and postpone the recess until they get it worked out.  But given 
Burton, the chance of that happening seems very slim.
In short, little has changed since yesterday.
Best,
Jeff
Can you circulate the link to Cal TV again?
THE SELECT COMMITTEE TO INVESTIGATE PRICE MANIPULATION OF THE WHOLESALE
ENERGY MARKET WILL MEET ON WEDNESDAY, JULY 18 AT 9:30 A.M. IN ROOM 3191 TO
REVIEW COMPLIANCE WITH SUBPOENAS FOR DUKE, DYNEGY, RELIANT, AES, NRG AND
WILLIAMS.
calendar and meeting file
Kelly M. Johnson
Enron Corp.
Executive Assistant
Tel: (713) 853-6485
Fax: (713) 853-2534
E-Mail: kelly.johnson@
One more -- Nick O'Day in Tokyo
Gavin Dillingham@_DEVELOPMENT
08/28/2000 08:30 AM
Steve Kean wanted me to forward you the information on the California Issues 
Database that was developed for the current California power problem. 
Attached are the instructions on how to use the site. You will have access to 
the secured part of the site by the end of the day, Monday, August 26th.
Thanks,
Gavin
Gavin Dillingham
08/25/2000 04:55 PM
We have developed an intranet site/database for information tracking purposes 
for the California Power Issue. The intranet site will be placed on the 
home.enron.com webpage by Tuesday morning for all Enron employees to access. 
However, today, this comprehensive database is available to you for your 
California Power Issue needs. 
The database has been populated with the latest information that I have 
California Power Issues, National Power Issues and Secured Documents. It has 
then been broken down further into subcategories.
The secured documents sections will only be accessible to those that are 
receiving this e-mail. Please let me know if you believe others should have 
access to this information. The secured document section contains all the 
information that I have received that Luntz Consulting has helped us develop, 
i.e. principals, statements, speeches and facts, as well as, talking points 
and other statements developed internally. These documents can be easily 
switched to open access to all Enron employees if you believe that these 
documents should not be restricted.
To access the intranet site you must be logged on to the network and then go 
to this link:     (It is best 
if you copy this link and paste it in your internet Explorer or Netscape 
browser.)
Once you are at this site you will  be able to access all articles and 
information that I have collected/received concerning the California Power 
Issue. You can navigate the site by using the links on the left hand side of 
the screen. While navigating this site, keep in mind that the actual 
interface will be changed before we go live on Tuesday morning. 
To access the secured documents, click on secured documents and type in your 
user name, which is the same as if you are logging onto the network, and then 
type in your password, which is the same as if you are logging onto the 
network. However, if you have difficulties entering this site, you will need 
to change your Lotus internet password. Which is very simple to do and which 
you will need to do regardless if you decide to use this site or not, it is 
all part of the current computer migration. To change your internet password, 
go to this link  and then hit the edit person key. Go to the last field that 
says internet password and type in whatever password you would like, 
preferably your current network login password. (In the internet password 
section you will see a bunch of numbers and letters, delete those and enter 
your new network password 
There are still some bugs that will be worked out by Tuesday, but I thought 
since this is such a fast moving issue it was best to get this tool out so it 
could be used when needed. If you have any questions, please call me at 
713-853-4382.
Thanks,
Gavin 
fyi
What people know:
Hertzberg (et al's) bill (82XX)was heard in an "informational" hearing today 
and still sits in the Assembly Energy Committee.  It will be heard again 
tomorrow (perhaps beginning at 10 AM) , at which time parties will have a 
chance to support/oppose and ask for amendments.  Most, including us, oppose 
unless significantly amended.
The Wright (D) -Richman (R) bill (83XX)was heard in an "informational" 
hearing today and still sits in the Assembly Energy Committee.  It will be 
heard again tomorrow, at which time parties will have a chance to 
support/oppose and ask for amendments.  From our perspective, this is the 
best bill out there yet, though it still has serious problems---it isn't 
available electronically yet, but should be tomorrow, and I'll distribute 
then.  The chances of the joint D-R bill being successful are slim, however, 
since it's up against the Speakers competing bill.  There is talk that the 
Speaker will try to negotiate with Wright/Richman tonight and include any 
agreement in his bill (82XX).
The original version of the Governor's MOU bill sits in the Senate.  Most 
believe that Burton will put it up for a vote this week and it will fail.
The Senate's version of the MOU (Sher-Peace-Kuehl) (78XX)came out today.  It 
will likely be heard in the committee tomorrow or the next day.  Notably, it 
kills Direct Access completely and makes Edison shareholders responsible for 
that portion of Edison's debt owed to suppliers.  In short, a very bad bill.
Burton's 18XX, which would de-link the bond issuance (to pay back the General 
Fund) from the DWR contracts is likely to pass the Senate tomorrow or the 
next day.  Many--including Enron--support the bill (though we are supporting 
it behind the scenes).
What people don't know:
Whether there's the time or the will in the Assembly and Senate to achieve by 
Friday a single, comprehensive bill that can be sent to the governor for his 
signature. 
Whether the Legislature would postpone its month-long recess if the 
Legislature hasn't finished a bill by Friday (most folks think they will not 
postpone).
Whether it's true that, irrespective of the energy issue, the Legislature 
will fail to get the budget completed by Friday and therefore have to 
postpone their recess anyway, in which case they might continue to work on 
the energy legislation at the same time.
Odds-makers still say it's better than 50-50 that the Legislature does not 
get the Edison bills done by Friday and leaves on on its 30-day vacation.
Best,
Jeff
Sacramento is one goofy place.
Current Notes User: 
To ensure that you experience a successful migration from Notes to Outlook, 
it is necessary to gather individual user information prior to your date of 
migration.  Please take a few minutes to completely fill out the following 
survey. Double Click on document to put it in "Edit" mode. When you finish 
click "Close" select "Save Changes Only" click "O.K" then re-open the e-mail 
and click on the 'Reply With History' button then hit 'Send'  Your survey 
will automatically be sent to the Outlook 2000 Migration Mailbox.
Thank you.
Outlook 2000 Migration Team
Full Name: Steven J. Kean
Login ID:   skean
Extension:   3-1586
Office Location:  EB 4712C
What type of computer do you have?  (Desktop,  Laptop,  Both)  Laptop
Do you have a PDA?  If yes, what type do you have:   (None, IPAQ, Palm Pilot, 
Jornada)  None
Do you have permission to access anyone's Email/Calendar?  No
If yes, who 
Does anyone have permission to access your Email/Calendar     If yes, who?  Yes - Maureen McVicker, Ginger Dernehl, Linda Noske
Are you responsible for updating anyone else's address book     If yes, who?  No
Is anyone else responsible for updating your address book     If yes, who?  Yes - Maureen McVicker
Do you have access to a shared calendar     If yes, which shared calendar?  No
Do you have any Distribution Groups that Messaging maintains for you (for 
mass mailings     If yes, please list here:  No
Please list all Notes databases applications that you currently use Project Tracking
In our efforts to plan the exact date/time of your migration, we also will 
need to know:
Will you be out of the office in the near future for vacation, leave, etc No
If so, when?        From (MM/DD/YY):      To (MM/DD/YY 
Great news.  With respect to the Commissoners, I think it makes sense to go 
back through Ellen and ask if she could set up meetings with a few 
commissioners ater the staff briefing.
Susan got it done -- it'll be Thursday, July 26, 1-4 p.m. at FERC (a room on
the 3rd floor?).  Susan has talked with Bill Albrecht.  He'll probably be
coming in on Wed. p.m. Steve, any ideas about a Commissioner strategy?
(invite them to attend, if the FERC folks agree; ask the FERC folks to do
the inviting; ask the FERC folks to help set up meetings afterwards or a
follow on if they like what we do and think it useful for Commissioners; try
to do a walkaround -- that is, offer to have Jerry, Bill, Susan visit
commissioners individually Friday a.m. after the course or Thursday a.m.
before the course?) Wendy
Wendy Gramm, Regulatory Studies Program
Mercatus Center
George Mason University
703-993-4884
I kept your contact list, but now I can't find the CV you sent.  Would you 
mind resending?
Kevin Scott  Please respond to kevinscott@onlinemailbox.net
Jeff and  Steve
?
As you requested, I have  prepared a list of my preferred public policy 
contacts?for  California.? It is composed of professionals from an array of 
public,  private and non-profit backgrounds.? I have worked in some capacity  
with?each of these people?and most I know quite well ?
Please call me for further  background.
?
Kevin
213-926-2626
?
Attachment
- Kevin Scott -  Preferred Contacts - 6-20-01.doc
Bonnie:  Please forward to Michael Kirby.
I think the draft looks good.  Could you also prepare a draft of the letter 
we discussed yesterday to convey the proposal to the committee?
Attached is a draft Nonwaiver Agreement per our telephone conferences of 
yesterday after the meetings with Senator Dunn.  I am available in my office 
for a conference call to discuss this.
The information contained in this e-mail message and any accompanying 
documents is subject to the attorney-client privilege and/or the attorney 
work product rule and is confidential business information intended only for 
the use of the individual or entity named above.  If the reader of this 
message is not the intended recipient or representative of the recipient, you 
are hereby notified that any dissemination of this communication is strictly 
prohibited.  If you have received this communication in error, please notify 
Kathryn A. Pugh at kpugh@pkns.com and immediately delete this message from 
your system.
- 289271_1.WPD
Attached are some late night thoughts on the portal.  Most of this is 
focussed on the portal for opinion leaders, but some of it could be 
applicable to the comemrcial portal as well.
Could you forward this to Palmer ... for some reason my address book doesn't 
pull him up when I'm off the system.
I think it would be a good idea for them to talk, but I wouldn't want Jeff to 
go to California right now.  Maybe they could meet outside the state (if, for 
example, brown is going to be in DC or New York) or by phone.
Wanted you to be aware that Mayor Brown is inviting Jeff to meet with him, 
either in San Francisco or elsewhere.  Please advise, but I know that Jeff 
would probably not travel to California.
Mark Koenig and Andy Fastow will discuss meeting with Mayor Brown on the 
CalPERS issue.
Thanks,
Joannie
Dear Mr. Skilling,
On behalf of Mayor Willie L. Brown, Jr. (San Francisco), it is my
pleasure to invite you to meet with him regarding energy issues in
California.
Mayor Brown wishes to meet with you in his capacity as a trustee of the
Board of Administration of the California Public Employees Retirement
System (CalPERS).  As you know, CalPERS is the largest public pension fund
in the
nation and is a sizeable investor in domestic energy stocks, bonds,
debentures, etc.  The Board has appointed Mayor Brown to lead a
delegation of trustees to meet with the CEOs of CalPERS' largest energy
holdings.  Enron represents one such holding.
The Mayor would be pleased to host you in his office at the newly
renovated City Hall in San Francisco or arrange an alternative location at
your earliest convenience.  I
will await your response.
Sincerely,
Monique Moyer
Director, Mayor's Office of Public Finance
City & County of San Francisco
Let's talk.  While there is always some value in these things it is ususally 
quite small and consumes more valuable resources in trying to capture the 
benefit than the benefit itself.
Steve-
We have been approached by the Texas A&M/George Bush Presidential Library 
Foundation and School of Public Policy to endow additional funds.
Enron had made an original contribution to the library foundation back in 
1998 totaling $250K over five years.
I am working with Community Relations and A/A Recruiting to evaluate the 
latest request and to discuss where Enron may have interest or find leverage 
for our Government Affairs, Recruiting, or PR efforts.
The Foundation is willing to work with us to establish whatever type of 
program(s) and/or participatory involvement we would like.  We have discussed 
an Enron speaker series, classroom lectures, advisory committee seats and the 
likes.
I have already had a chance to run this by Rick Shapiro and Rob Bradley Although Rick was noncommittal regarding his team's time for speaking or 
lecturing, he seemed supportive of the effort.  Rob has already been 
participating in some speaking opportunities there, and supported expanded 
efforts.
What are your thoughts on contribution levels (another $250K was suggested by 
CR) and any specific program or relationship opportunities regarding the 
Library Center or School of Public Policy.
Please grab me for quick conversation when you have time.
Thanks.
Mike
I'm glad things are moving forward.  I've talked with Dave briefly and will=20
follow up with him again.
Kevin Scott  Please respond to kevinscott@onlinemailbox.net
Steve
=20
As planned, I spoke with Jeff this morning.  It was a great call.  I am=20
really excited about what is ahead.
=20
We discussed the =01&title=018 issue.  I don=01,t have any problems.  We should go=20
with what is the best way to enter the organization. =20
=20
Jeff said he was going to touch base with Dave this morning to move the=20
process forward.  I can=01,t wait for my interviews and to join the team.=20
=20
Thanks for all of your help.
=20
Kevin
=20
___________________________________
Contact Information
E-mail
kevinscott@onlinemailbox.net=20
Phone
(213) 926-2626
Fax
(707) 516-0019
Traditional Mail
PO Box 21074 ? Los Angeles, CA 90021
___________________________________
=20
Thanks for getting on top of this.  Please get the word out to the HR team 
leaders as soon as you know more.
Rocky Emery, the Dowd family, Kim Bowden, and another 15 or so employees of 
UBSPaineWebber (our stock tracking provider...options, restricted stock, etc) 
left yesterday evening without any warning.  They went to 1st Union.
I've set up a meeting at 2pm today for us to go over to UBSPW and make sure 
they understand the special needs of Enron and to make sure our service will 
not be affected.
I am reviewing the contract in place between PW and Enron to understand the 
affects of this move by Emery and his staff on the agreement.  Also, I'm 
going to see about getting 2 providers of the stock tracking service from the 
following list:  (in case this happens again, we'll have a solid back-up 
immediately)
UBSPaineWEbber (our current provider)
1st Union (where Rocky Emery went)
Solomon Smith Barney (way ahead of the competition from a technology 
standpoint...and has done the two provider thing before)
Prudential (another option with internal connections)
let me know if you think I should include any others or would like to discuss.
Thanks,
Aaron
Congratulations!
Enron Energy Services has created explosive growth in the retail energy=20
business.  To advance EES=01, leadership position and to rapidly expand the=20
reach of its energy management services, the company is forming four new=20
business groups and promoting several key individuals.
EES continues to see an ever-increasing demand for energy management services=20
in North America, with interest coming from a growing number of customer=20
classes.  EES North America, headed by Marty Sunde, President and CEO, has=20
been established to bring outsourcing, commodity and mid-market solutions to=20
industrial and commercial customers in North America.  Harold Buchanan and=20
Jeremy Blachman have been named co-Chief Operating Officers of the group.
EES Europe is responsible for energy outsourcing across Europe, as well as=20
rapidly growing mid-market business (Enron Direct, Enron Directo) and heavy=20
industrial business (ETOL).  Matthew Scrimshaw, President and CEO will lead=20
this group.
As EES and Enron=01,s customer base grows, world class execution capabilities=20
and customer relationship management skills are required to maximize value.=20
Global Energy Services, headed by Dan Leff, President and CEO, is being=20
established to manage execution, delivery, operations & maintenance, account=20
/ customer management and contract value enhancement of Enron=01,s asset and=20
energy outsourcing activities worldwide.  This group will include Enron=20
Facility Services (EFS), led by Joe Earle, President & CEO and Operational=20
Energy Corporation (OEC), led by Mark Dobler, Vice President.
EES continues to see additional opportunities for business that will benefit=20
from the growth of its energy outsourcing business.  To manage and develop=20
these new business opportunities, EES New Business Ventures has been=20
created.  Mark Muller, President and CEO will lead this group.
All four new business leaders will report directly to EES=01, Office of the=20
Chairman, Lou Pai, who will continue as Chairman, and Tom White, who will=20
continue as Vice Chairman.  In addition, Kevin Hughes, Vice President and=20
Chief Accounting Officer, Vicki Sharp, Managing Director and General Counsel,=20
and Beth Tilney, Managing Director of Marketing, HR and Customer Satisfaction=20
will continue to report to the Office of the Chairman.
Please join us in congratulating these individuals.
I'm still a junkie .... please email copies of the orders.
See last point:  MIT would like to talk to us about energy procurement and 
management.  Could you put someone in touch with them?
FYI -- He also responded back to Intellibridge accepting particpation in the 
Steering Committee.  What a nice guy!
Dear Jeff,
Thank you for inviting me to participate in the energy policy forum event
in Washington, DC on October 3-4.  Ordinarily, I would be happy to
participate.  However, my wife is scheduled to have hip surgery (#2) on
October 1.  Judging from the last time she went through this I will have to
stay around until she is out of the hospital and settled back at home.
Accordingly, I am not planning any travel before October 10.  Too bad.
On another matter, can you ask someone in your energy services company to
get in touch with me?  I would like to set something up with MIT's
executive VP in charge of the business side of running MIT, including
energy purchases and management.  We have a 22 MW cogenerator, buy gas and
electricity at wholesale and use lots of heating and cooling on an ever
growing campus with 8,000 students, as many employees, many computer
facilities and laboratories.  I'm sure that we can do it more efficiently
and I have been encouraging the management to look for opportunities to
out-source some or all of these activities.  I would like to put them in
touch with someone at Enron.
Thanks
Paul
Professor Paul L. Joskow
Elizabeth and James Killian Professor of
Economics and Management and
Director, MIT Center for Energy and Environmental
Policy Research
E52-280B
MIT
Cambridge, MA 02142-1347
phone:  617-253-6664
fax:    617-258-7070
pjoskow@mit.edu
See last story attached.  Congratulations, it looks like you are shaking 
things up in typical Enron fashion.
Wisconsin Gas to Purchase Nine Mile Line From Northern Natural Gas
PR Newswire, 07/13/01
Commodities Review: LME Copper Hit By Another Stock Rise
Dow Jones Commodities Service, 07/13/01
LME Base Metals: Copper Pressured Down By Stock Build
Dow Jones Commodities Service, 07/13/01
UK: Telecoms, drugs drive FTSE 100 rally, Vodafone leads.
Reuters English News Service, 07/13/01
Futures Contract Covering Coal Debuts in New York (Correct)
Bloomberg, 07/13/01
Enron: Panacea or Pariah?
Modern Metals, July 2001
Wisconsin Gas to Purchase Nine Mile Line From Northern Natural Gas
07/13/2001
PR Newswire
Line Will Enhance Competition in Southeast Wisconsin and Use Existing 
Facilities 
MILWAUKEE, July 13 /PRNewswire/ -- Wisconsin Gas, Northern Natural Gas and 
Guardian Pipeline announced today that Wisconsin Gas has signed an agreement 
with Northern Natural Gas (NNG) to purchase a nine mile, high pressure 
natural gas pipeline in Walworth and Waukesha counties. The purchase price is 
$5 million. The proposed transaction will require approval from federal and 
state regulators. The pipe, known as the Eagle line, is located southeast of 
the Kettle Moraine Forest near Eagle, Wis.
The existing line has been part of the NNG interstate transmission system. 
Under the new ownership, the line will become part of the Wisconsin Gas 
distribution system and will interconnect with Guardian Pipeline as well as 
the NNG system. 
"Northern Natural Gas is pleased to be a part of a creative, cost-effective 
solution to provide additional gas service to southeastern Wisconsin," said 
Dave Neubauer, vice president of business development and marketing, Northern 
Natural Gas. "This transaction enables Wisconsin Gas and its customers to 
obtain natural gas supplies from Guardian or NNG. Providing reliable, 
economical choices for consumers will benefit all of the parties involved "We saw this as an opportunity to minimize environmental impact and still 
realize the benefits of increased competition in the natural gas market said James Schott, senior vice president, Wisconsin Gas. "The purchase of the 
Eagle line will enable Wisconsin Gas to further our goal of providing 
cost-efficient natural gas service to our customers As a result of the purchase Guardian Pipeline, the 141-mile interstate 
pipeline from Joliet, Ill. to Ixonia, Wis., will no longer build an 8.5-mile 
lateral to Eagle. The lateral was part of the originally certified Guardian 
Pipeline. This portion of the line would have generally run parallel to the 
current Northern Natural pipeline. 
"This sale is a win-win situation for Guardian and consumers," said George 
Hass, project manager of Guardian Pipeline. "The Eagle line purchase by 
Wisconsin Gas saves Guardian time and resources by taking away the need to 
build the 8.5-mile lateral and allows all three companies to create a better 
environment for competition in the natural gas marketplace The existing gate stations at LaGrange and Eagle will remain in-service for 
regulation purposes. Odorization and measurement will take place at a new 
gate station that will be constructed at the interconnect with Guardian. This 
new gate station will be called the Bluff Creek station and will be located 
near Whitewater. The Bluff Creek gate station will be constructed during the 
construction of Guardian Pipeline. 
Northern Natural Gas, a subsidiary of Enron Corp., with a market area 
capacity of about 4.3 Bcf/d, provides natural gas transportation services to 
utility customers in the upper Midwestern United States through its 
approximately 16,000 miles of pipeline. 
Guardian Pipeline is a partnership of three Midwestern energy companies: CMS 
Energy, based in Dearborn, Mich.; Wisconsin Energy, headquartered in 
Milwaukee, Wis.; and Viking Gas Transmission Co., a wholly owned subsidiary 
of Xcel Energy Inc., and located in St. Paul, Minn. 
Wisconsin Electric-Wisconsin Gas, the principal utility subsidiary of 
Wisconsin Energy Corp. (NYSE: WEC), serves more than one million electric 
customers and more than 960,000 natural gas customers throughout Wisconsin 
and Michigan's Upper Peninsula. Visit our company's Web site at 
www.WE-WG.com. Learn about Wisconsin Energy Corp. by visiting 
www.WisconsinEnergy.com 
MAKE YOUR OPINION COUNT - Click Here 
/CONTACT: Media only: Kelly Farr of CMS Energy, 313-436-9253; or Megan 
McCarthy of Wisconsin Energy, 414-221-4444; or Gina Taylor of Northern 
Natural Gas, 713-853-7681/ 17:01 EDT 
Commodities Review: LME Copper Hit By Another Stock Rise
By Mark Long and Steve McGrath
Of DOW JONES NEWSWIRES
07/13/2001
Dow Jones Commodities Service
LONDON -(Dow Jones)- Copper futures traded in London fell Friday, as a 
further influx of stocks into official warehouses put the copper market under 
pressure and dragged down the rest of the base metal complex. 
Three-month copper traded on the London Metal Exchange ended $6 down from 
Thursday's late kerb close at $1,554.50 a metric ton.
An increase of 7,475 tons of copper into LME warehouses Friday brought total 
stocks up to a 12-month high of 550,300 tons. This pressured prices in early 
trade down to test $1,550/ton support, although prices recovered slightly in 
later trade. 
Unconfirmed market talk said Enron is behind much of the week's stock rise, 
in an effort to ease nearby supply tightness and to alleviate the large short 
positions it is thought to have built up on the July-for-a-week spread, which 
is currently showing a $6-$8/ton backwardation. The July futures contract 
will switch over to cash Monday. 
Enron declined to comment on the market talk Friday. 
A backwardation is a pricing structure in which deliveries to be made in the 
near future are more expensive then those set for a more distant delivery. 
The opposite situation is called contango. 
"The spreads are still tight. The major longs are still reluctant to lend, 
with no signs of that (tightness) dissipated," said Kevin Norrish, an analyst 
with Barclays Capital in London. 
Dealers and analysts said they expect further stock increases next week. 
The entire base metals complex ignored Thursday's 237-point rally in the Dow 
Jones Industrial Average, dealers said. 
"Copper has been sensitive to moves in the stock market, but not this time Norrish said. In fact, now it appears that base metals markets ignore 
equities markets when they rally, but follow stocks down when they slump, he 
added. 
European Grain Futures See Profit-Taking, But More Gains Expected 
European grain and oilseed futures were hit by a bout of profit-taking and 
pre-weekend position-squaring Friday, after rising to long-time highs, 
brokers said. 
However, world and domestic crop concerns, the strength of the dollar and 
general bullish sentiment will carry the markets to fresh highs short term, 
they said. 
On the London International Financial Futures and Options Exchange, the 
benchmark November feed wheat contract ended just 25 pence up at GBP82/ton, 
after hitting a new two-year high of GBP83/ton in early trade. 
Meanwhile, Matif November rapeseed futures fell EUR2.75 on the day to 
EUR265/ton, after hitting a three-year high of EUR271/ton in early trade. 
The U.K. wheat crop and the French rapeseed crop are forecast to be well down 
on last year, and wheat and canola crops in some other major producing 
countries are also expected to fall. 
Meanwhile, the strength of the dollar is allowing European grain and oilseed 
traders to up prices and still remain competitive against U.S. imports and 
dollar-denominated grains on the world market. 
-By Mark Long and Steve McGrath, Dow Jones Newswires; 44-20-7842-9358; 
mark.long@dowjones.com
LME Base Metals: Copper Pressured Down By Stock Build
07/13/2001
Dow Jones Commodities Service
LONDON -(Dow Jones)- London Metal Exchange three-month copper ended Friday's 
late kerb lower compared with Thursday, pressured by another stock build, 
dealers said. 
(LME three-month metals prices in dollars a metric ton at 1600 GMT, with the 
previous late kerb close in parentheses. Comex copper at 1641 GMT in cents a 
pound, with the previous close in parentheses.) Copper 1,554.50 (1,560.50) 
Tin 4,452.50 (4,502.50) 
Aluminum 1,452.25 (1,458.50) Zinc 871.50 (877.50) 
Nickel 5,925.00 (6,012.50) Lead 462.50 (465.00) 
Comex Sep Copper 70.75 (70.80)
An increase of 7,475 tons of copper Friday brought total stocks up to a 
12-month high of 550,300 tons. This pressured prices in early trade down to 
test $1,550/ton support before rising slightly to close at $1,554.50/ton, 
down from Thursday's close of $1,560.50/ton. 
Unconfirmed market talk said Enron is behind much of the week's stock rise, 
in an effort to ease nearby supply tightness and to alleviate the large short 
positions it is thought to have built up on the July-for-a-week spread, which 
is currently showing a $6-$8/ton backwardation. The July futures contract 
will switch over to cash Monday. 
Enron declined to comment on the market talk. 
A backwardation is a pricing structure in which deliveries to be made in the 
near future are more expensive then those set for a more distant delivery. 
The opposite situation is called contango. 
"The spreads are still tight. The major longs are still reluctant to lend, 
with no signs of that (tightness) dissipated," said Kevin Norrish, an analyst 
with Barclays Capital in London. 
Dealers and analysts said they expect further stock increases next week. 
The entire base metals complex ignored Thursday's 237-point rally in the Dow 
Jones Industrial Average, dealers said. 
"Copper has been sensitive to moves in the stock market, but not this time Norrish said. In fact, now it appears that base metals markets ignore 
equities markets when they rally, but follow stocks down when they slump, he 
added. 
Aluminum also ended the late kerb lower Friday. 
News of the restart of some smelters has dampened sentiment, despite a stock 
drawdown of around 8,000 tons since the end of last week, dealers said. 
"The stock drawdowns are fairly small percentage-wise," said Standard Bank 
analyst Robin Bhar, adding that they would need to be much larger to 
significantly improve market sentiment. 
"A test of $1,435/ton cannot be ruled out, though we would expect forward 
buying to prevent a break below this level for the time being," Barclays said 
in a market report. 
Zinc continued its slump, falling to a seven-and-a-half-year low, mainly on 
technicals. 
Technicals also hurt nickel, which rose slightly after breaking $5,900/ton 
support but still closed at its lowest level since April. 
Nickel's fall was "just on some speculative liquidation and short selling, 
mostly chart-based," Bhar said. 
-By Mark Long, Dow Jones Newswires; +44-20-7842-9356; mark.long@dowjones.com
UK: Telecoms, drugs drive FTSE 100 rally, Vodafone leads.
By Camila Reed
07/13/2001
Reuters English News Service
(C) Reuters Limited 2001.
LONDON, July 13 (Reuters) - Britain's largest companies raced higher at the 
close on Friday fired by telecoms and drug stocks as they bounced back from 
Wednesday's 16-week low. 
Index heavyweights Vodafone and GlaxoSmithKline provided 27 of the day's 
55-point gain, while technology firms wobbled. However, the telecoms giant 
surged 4.1 percent to 157-1/4p.
The FTSE 100 finished 55.4 points or one percent firmer at 5,537.0, having 
jumped 1.66 percent on Thursday after seven consecutive losing sessions, with 
gainers outnumbering losers by three to one. 
Stocks steamed higher and refused to be derailed by sluggish U.S. retail 
sales figures for June, which showed only a meagre rise, and a weaker Wall 
Street, but volumes were thin at 1.4 billion shares. 
By London's 1530 GMT finish the blue chip Dow Jones industrial average was 
down five points, while the tech-laden Nasdaq Composite Index was flat, 
having streaked up in the previous session. 
Mike Lenhoff and Simon Rubinsohn at money managers Gerrard said that the UK 
equity market was deeply oversold and long-term this presented a buying 
opportunity for UK equities. 
DRUGS SEE-SAW 
Drugs reversed an earlier decline with Nycomed Amersham among the day's top 
performers, up nearly four percent at 536-1/2p and AstraZeneca rising over 
one percent. 
Mining giant Anglo American moved into the FTSE 100 top ten gainers with a 
three percent rise, as investors sought refuge in mining stocks as a cyclical 
play. 
Another major gainer was British business services firm Hays Plc up 3.4 
percent. The shares leapt on market talk that Germany's Deutsche Post was 
looking to make a bid for it, dealers said. 
Both Deutsche Post and Hays declined to comment. 
Firmer crude prices gave support to the oil sector. BP rose 0.6 percent to 
572 pence and Shell also added 0.6 percent to 581-1/2p lifting the index by 
four points. 
FTSE MIXED PICTURE 
But dealers and analysts said it would be a mixed picture going forward with 
the market scrutinising data for signs of a sustained economic recovery or a 
lapse in consumer confidence. 
"This week we had a really bloody day on Wednesday and then the opposite on 
Thursday, so we're going to be on a rollercoaster still. It's very fragile 
but it does show the potential of the market," said Foreign & Colonial 
director of UK equities David Manning. 
"It's not only the holiday period, it's also that the market can make you 
look an idiot one day to the next. In that sort of circumstance the 
temptation is to do very little," he said. 
ABN Amro strategist Gareth Williams said the market would make modest 
progress over the next month or so, with moves downward quite likely although 
the trend would be upwards over the course of the year. 
TECHS DIP 
Thursday's 5.3-percent rally in the Nasdaq failed to bring any cheer to UK 
technology shares. Logica and Colt Telecom slid four percent, while microchip 
designer ARM fell 3.9 percent to 223 pence trimming Thursday's 13 percent 
jump. 
The techMARK index of technology shares rose 0.98 percent to 1,602.87. 
Elsewhere on the downside, UK holiday operator Airtours lost nearly 10 
percent of its value after Swiss peer Kuoni issued a profit warning. 
Among second liners, Baltimore Technologies closed up 3.3 percent. It 
initially rallied 22 percent after the Irish Internet security firm said it 
deal to combine the companies. 
The FTSE 250 Mid-cap index finished 5.1 points stronger at 6,163.8. 
Among small-caps, Paladin Resources' shares jumped 10 percent after the UK 
oil explorer said that major shareholder U.S. oil giant Enron had sold the 
whole of its 40-million-share stake via HSBC bank for 44 pence a share. 
Britain's Litho Supplies Plc slumped 42.5 percent after the company, which 
supplies printing and graphic arts products, said that sales in the first six 
months of 2001 were on target, but profits would likely be below expectations 
due to tough market conditions and pressure on margins.
Futures Contract Covering Coal Debuts in New York (Correct)
2001-07-13 08:48 (New York)
Futures Contract Covering Coal Debuts in New York (Correct)
(Corrects location of FirstEnergy Corp. in 10th paragraph of
story that moved yesterday.)
New York, July 12 (Bloomberg) -- The New York Mercantile
Exchange today began trading a futures contract for low-sulfur
coal, a fuel that President George W. Bush said will play a major
role in meeting electricity demand over the next two decades.
The contract's debut came after prices for coal, considered
the dirtiest of power-plant fuels, doubled in the past year, as
demand from power plants outstripped mine production. Coal for
September delivery opened at $42 a ton and settled at $40.75, as
98 contracts were traded, exchange officials said.
``We had a big run-up in coal prices this past winter,'' said
Andy Ozley, who buys coal for Atlanta-based Mirant Corp.'s six
coal plants in New York, Illinois, Maryland and Virginia. ``This
contract affords us a way to mitigate our exposure'' to large
price swings.
The Bush administration said in an energy policy report this
spring that coal would be the dominant fuel for electricity
generation through 2020. Bush gave an added boost to the fuel when
he retreated from a campaign pledge to restrict carbon dioxide
emissions, implicated in global warming.
Coal plants are responsible for a third of the nation's
carbon dioxide emissions. They also produce sulfur dioxide, which
causes acid rain, and nitrogen oxides, which cause smog.
The Nymex started the futures contract to give mining
companies and utilities a way to hedge their risks in the $33
billion coal market. Producers such as Peabody Energy Corp. and
Arch Coal Inc., whose shares have soared in the past year, have
said they would trade the futures.
New Plants
Last year's quadrupling of prices for natural gas -- a
cleaner-burning power-plant fuel -- prompted many generators to
ramp up output from their coal plants. Utility coal stockpiles
dwindled, and prices have risen to their highest levels since at
least 1989.
So far this year, more than a dozen companies have announced
plans to build coal-fired plants, including Kansas City, Missouri-
based Kansas City Power & Light Co. and Portland, Oregon-based
PacifiCorp.
Although coal is used to produce 52 percent of the nation's
electricity, few plants were built during the 1990s because of the
high costs of building them and the difficulty of complying with
federal and local environmental regulations.
Demand for coal has eased in recent weeks as below-normal
temperatures in the U.S. Midwest and Northeast reduced demand for
air conditioning, said Jim Parks, who buys coal for six power
plants in Ohio and Pennsylvania as director of fuels at Akron,
Ohio-based FirstEnergy Corp.
``The summer's been pretty mild so far -- you haven't seen
any big heat waves'' in regions with the most coal generation, he
said.
Big Sandy
The Nymex futures contract calls for the delivery of 1,550
tons of low-sulfur coal to the mouth of the Big Sandy River near
Huntington, West Virginia. From there, the fuel would be loaded
onto Ohio River barges and shipped to power plants in the U.S. and
possibly Europe.
The new contract is tailored to producers in Appalachian
states that account for about 40 percent of U.S. production,
including West Virginia, Kentucky and Pennsylvania, the No. 2, 3
and 4 coal producers.
The industry lacks a futures contract for coal from Western
states that account for 47 percent of the nation's production,
including the No. 1 producer, Wyoming.
Avoiding the Past
The exchange, which earns commissions on trades, hopes coal
futures will avoid the fate of other contracts it has started over
the past few years. Its six electricity futures contracts have
fizzled, as has its Middle East sour crude oil contract, which
debuted in May 2000.
``I said yesterday, if you traded 100 to 200 contracts, that
would be a really a good day,'' said Chris Casale, vice president
of energy trading at Dynegy Inc. in Houston, which trades coal and
buys the fuel for its six power plants in New York and Illinois.
``It came out sort of on target      Most of today's trading was originated by large energy
marketing companies, he said, although he declined to say whether
Dynegy traded any contracts. Enron Corp., the largest energy
trader, and Duke Energy Corp., the largest U.S.-based utility
holding company, have said they would trade coal futures.
Exchange officials have said the coal market has the
potential to reach 5,000 trades a day after a year of trading.
The Nymex's 17-year-old crude oil futures contract averages
about 66,700 trades a day, and its 11-year-old natural gas
contract averages about 33,500.
Wary of Coal
``The coal market is still lacking liquidity,'' said Anthony
McAuley, a floor broker at ABN Amro Inc., who said he bought five
coal contracts for a client at $42 a ton -- the market's first
transaction. ``You probably need to see a little more
participation'' from industry coal buyers and sellers for the
market to take off.
Independent floor traders, known as locals, are wary of
trading coal futures without assurances that the industry will be
active as well.
``Floor traders lost millions'' in electricity futures when
some were caught with high-priced contracts and nobody in the
industry to sell them to, he said.
``Because of that, people are a little bit tentative about
coal,'' said Tom Schiff, an independent crude oil trader. ``We're
here to help make liquidity but we can't tackle all the risk 
Modern Metals, July 2001
Giant energy concern now turns its attention to steel. The company's 
aggressive posture has begged controversy. Industry reactions vary from 
hand-wringing to open arms. Still others characterize Enron as a "non-event."
By Michelle
Martinez Arjona,
Editor-in-Chief,
and Paul Hohl,
Contributing Editor
These days, saying the word "Enron" in a room full of metals executives is 
like screaming "fire" in a crowded theater. For most in the steel industry, 
the idea of a futures market is enough to raise a few eyebrows. But when a 
major market maker with annual revenues of 10 times the market cap of the 
U.S. steelmaking industry stakes a claim (for 2000 alone, Enron logged 
revenues of $101 billion--that's with a "b"), a lot more than eyebrows are 
likely to be raised. After a bold presentation from Jeff McMahon, president 
and CEO of Enron Industrial Markets, at the SSCI annual convention in May (in 
which he accused steel mills of treating their service center customers as 
"annoyances"), industry leaders rushed to understand this latest market 
contender. 
Friend or foe? Competitor or partner? These are just a couple of the 
questions surrounding Enron's aggressive push into the metals industry. 
Judging from the service center and mill executives Modern Metals queried, 
there are as many answers as there are opinions in the industry. Reactions 
ranged from fear to acceptance to downright resentment. At least one mill was 
reticent to discuss Enron at all--still others seemed to meet the issue with 
unaffected shrugs. If the saying is true that all publicity is good 
publicity, the buzz that Enron has generated would make even a Hollywood spin 
doctor envious.
What's the hubbub?
Although products such as natural gas and energy--Enron's major business 
platform--have been traded as commodities for years, until Enron's appearance 
a formal forward market for steel has never existed. According to McMahon, 
the absence of a liquid and transparent market has resulted in "uninformed 
investment decisions" that have exacerbated the current oversupply situation, 
and left companies exposed to the hazards of price volatility. 
Enron's answer is to offer a variety of financial hedging products along with 
forward contracts in hot-rolled, cold-rolled and galvanized (plate and long 
products are soon to follow), locking in prices for as many as five years 
out. Enron contends that it can act as a "risk intermediary" in steel 
transactions, ensuring healthier profit margins and lowering the cost of 
capital. Certain grades of steel are commodities, McMahon insists, and as 
such should be bought and sold on a commodity market basis, instead of the 
strategic relationships that now exist between the mills and consumers. Enron 
has been offering steel online, and via phone and fax, since November of last 
year.
"Before you add capacity, before you make an investment decision, you'll be 
able to see a three, five, maybe even a 10-year forward price of steel McMahon stated, "and if you want to hedge that investment you can do that."
The company plans to buy steel at a floating price and then sell it to steel 
consumers at a fixed rate, making money on the spread. In February, Greg 
Hermans, VP of steel trading at Enron, reported to AMM that it was offering 
U.S.-made 10-gauge, 48-in. wide hot-rolled for April delivery in Chicago for 
$225 a ton. Hermans said Enron was buying the same product for April delivery 
at $215 a ton. 
Eventually, Enron sees the development of four different marketplaces: the 
Northeast, the Midwest (or Chicago area), the Gulf Coast (or Houston area and the West Coast. Enron will hedge against spot price spikes through equity 
and physical holdings in domestic mills. The company closed on Huntco's 
Arkansas-based cold-rolling mill in June.
"It's a big portfolio," McMahon said. "We wanted to put together a portfolio 
of supply and demand. In some cases, we'll own assets--hopefully we'll own 
some term contracts with domestic mills. To the extent that imports are a 
part of the equation, we'll be a part of that market. We may purchase 
capacity from somebody, not necessarily the assets, but toll slab through a 
hot strip mill. All of those combined is how we do our business."
Steel mills can benefit, McMahon said, by entering into a multi-year 
"physical off take" with Enron, thus giving steel mills a degree of certain 
volume and on product specification. Enron would guarantee purchase of a 
specified amount of tonnage, and use a floating price or a floor price to 
guard against market shocks. Whether mills would be willing to divert 
capacity to the commodity grades being bought and sold by Enron remains 
uncertain. At least one mill executive privately said no . . . at least for 
now.
Nucor president, CEO and vice chairman, Dan DiMicco also sees little value in 
Enron's proposal. "What we need to have is stable pricing at levels where the 
most efficient mills can make a good return on their capital and further 
invest in new technologies and equipment," he stated. "I define true value as 
helping the industry to become stronger. It doesn't do any good to maintain a 
lack of price volatility at $200 a ton."
Keith Busse, CEO at Steel Dynamics, echoed that sentiment in a recent New 
Steel article. "If you're trying to get volatility out at $320 [per ton great," he said. "But at $230, you want to stick your fingers down your 
throat."
For the service centers
Service centers, McMahon suggested, could benefit immediately. "The only way 
[distributors] are able to hedge themselves is to go out and buy inventory he explained. "That takes capital, and cash, and space. We can offer a 
financial product that gives the exact same protection, but doesn't require 
any of the above.
"We can hold those inventories and price the steel at the time of delivery to 
the service centers," he continued, "so their 4- or 5- percent net margins 
are somewhat certain."
"I do think that Enron is providing a service for the industry commented Dave Lerman, CEO of Steel Warehouse, South Bend, Indiana. But he 
pointed out that "how [it] moves forward will be interesting. If they just 
move forward with hedge instruments . . . that's independent of whether you 
run your business well by having a good supplier that matches up with the 
demands of your customers. I think [Enron] will be a good thing for some 
people and a non-event for others."
Beyond hedging, McMahon pointed out, firm and enforceable contracts could 
become a key benefit to service centers. As one Midwestern distributor source 
commented, "One of the terrible things that happens in our business is that 
end users demand long-term pricing, beyond what anybody can foresee. When 
they anticipate the market is going up, or that it has hit a low point, they 
push harder for it--as any one would. But historically, they don't honor the 
deals 		In a down market, he explained, customers demand lower prices. Noncompliance 
can result in orders, but no releases, and a "don't call us, we'll call you" 
attitude from customers. The consequence for service centers, he said, are 
price reductions on the way down and on the way up. "If Enron brings 
integrity to both sides of this market," he concluded, "that would be a very 
big plus for the steel industry."
But integrity, another Midwest service center exec countered, has got nothing 
to do with it. In his estimation, Enron is like a profiteering carpetbagger, 
"trying to make a buck in between the producer and the user. That's all we 
need right now," he declared, "somebody trying to squeeze out a few more 
dollars." But, he recognized, "we're all going to have to deal with it."
Don McNeeley, president and CEO of Chicago Tube & Iron, indicated that some 
good could come of a heavy-hitter like Enron introducing new ideas into the 
industry, but acknowledged that people might be offended by somebody picking 
the so-called "low-hanging fruit" of the steel market in the current economy. 
"What do you think the mills are going to do when you come to them for just 
the peripheral items?" he queried. "My concern would be that the price would 
go up on [those items 		McNeeley also questioned the wisdom of distributors relinquishing control of 
their inventories. "In distribution, 60 percent of our net worth is 
inventory, 30 percent is accounts receivable, and 10 percent is plant 
property and equipment," he related. "Our single largest asset is our 
inventory. If a distribution company surrenders control of its inventory to a 
third party, does not that distributor, in effect, surrender its own 
sovereignty?"
Only just begun
Questions abound regarding Enron's role as a physical supplier of steel as 
well. As one Minnesota-based service center exec put it, "are they ready to 
deal with problems?"
Although Enron has expressed interest in being a physical supplier, Dave 
Lerman explained, "I think that's going to be a lot more difficult to 
implement." Enron would have to consider specific qualities, coil sizes, 
nuances of chemistry, surface quality, and formability. "Most customers 
require better than standard tolerances," he pointed out. "These are all 
issues that might complicate commodity sales."
Delivery is another issue. As a physical supplier, Enron has virtually 
guaranteed just-in-time delivery, but as one service center source said, "the 
guarantee is good when the material shows up at my door. What happens if it 
doesn't show up? I disappoint a customer. What good does it do to sue [Enron] 
if I've lost a customer?"
Mill executives have questioned whether Enron is a potential competitor. 
"They see Enron as someone likely to buy foreign steel in order to deliver it 
to a U.S. customer," said Chuck Bradford, principal of Bradford Research and 
a long-time industry observer. He cautioned against seeing Enron as too much 
of a physical supplier, speculating that the future of Enron, similar to the 
LME, will be in hedging. "You may see some [physical transactions] to start 
with," Bradford predicted, "just to get the ball rolling. But I don't see 
that as the way the market will develop."
McMahon has been consistent in saying that Enron has little interest in 
becoming a steel manufacturer. The real value, he said, is in a transparent, 
liquid market. "We know the products work, we know the market wants them. Can 
any one particular mill or mills prevent that? We don't think so," he said. 
"It's not an 'if', it's a 'when 		The jury is still out on just how soon that "when" will come, and what those 
effects will be for the steel industry. And for all of the debate surrounding 
the issue, it seems a bit soon to be hitting the panic button. As Don 
McNeeley recounted, "I can recall similar controversy over a speech a guy 
gave about 15-17 years ago. That guy's name was Ken Iverson, and he had this 
concept called a mini-mill. Look at it now."
See attached
Jim and Ken 
Attached is an article for eBiz (our biweekly online newsletter), which we 
are scheduled to launch at 7:30 a.m. Friday.  Kelly Kimberly has reviewed it, 
but has asked that you view the article as well.  Since only EBS employees 
did not receive any communication -- it is extremely important to provide 
information through this vehicle 
Please let me know of your approval or if you have any questions 
Thank you.
Karen
x39757
Great summary.  I think the two main issues you raise are the right ones, but 
I have one other thought we should discuss internally.  Do we want to create 
a set of incentives for the management of PJM that would entitle management 
to incentive compensation to the extent they meet certain goals -- eg 
relieving congestion on the grid, increasing throughput across the 
transmission system, expediting interconnection (measured in terms of actual 
interconnections not just applications approved), etc.  This way we could 
create an organization that would have the incentive to make a workable and 
open transmission system.
Attached is a summary of the PJM RTO order.  While it is somewhat lengthy, 
the order has a lot of good information in it that I wanted to share with the 
group, particularly the Commission's statements regarding the existing 
configuration of the northeast and the need to expand it.
We are working on summaries of the New York and New England RTO orders and 
will have those out shortly.  If you would like copies of the orders, just 
let us know.
We expect the mediation proceeding to begin within the next week.  We will 
keep you updated.
Sarah
SK - I printed these out & put them in the meeting folder.  And sent a copy 
to Melissa.  mm
Attached is the final copy of the Colorado Springs, CO itinerary and a copy 
of the most current INGAA agenda.  Please call  if you have any questions.
Have a safe and fun trip.
Christina Grow
Enron Corp.
Investor Relations
713.853.6021
Christina.Grow@
I couldn't open link.  I s this something new for me to sign or have I 
already complied?
Office of the Chairman - Enron Wholesale Services 
Please respond to legalonline-compliance@
Enron Wholesale Services - Office of the Chairman
To keep pace with the fluid and fast-changing demands of our equity trading 
activities, Enron Wholesale Services ("EWS") has recently revised its 
official Policies and Procedures Regarding Confidential Information and 
Securities Trading ("Policies and Procedures"). These revisions reflect two 
major developments: (1) our equity trading activities have been extended into 
the United Kingdom, and (2) in an effort to streamline the information flow 
process, the "Review Team" will play a more centralized role, so that the 
role of the "Resource Group" is no longer necessary.You are required to 
become familiar with, and to comply with, the Policies and Procedures. The 
newly revised Policies and Procedures are available for your review on 
LegalOnline, the new intranet website maintained by the Enron Wholesale 
Services Legal Department. Please click on the attached link to access 
LegalOnline:
If you have already certified compliance with the Policies and Procedures 
during the 2001 calendar year, you need not re-certify at this time, although 
you are still required to to review and become familiar with the revised 
Policies and Procedures. If you have not certified compliance with the 
Policies and Procedures during the 2001 calendar year, then you must do so 
within two weeks of your receipt of this message. The LegalOnline site will 
allow you to quickly and conveniently certify your compliance on-line with 
your SAP Personal ID number. If you have any questions concerning the 
Policies or Procedures, please call Bob Bruce at extension 5-7780 or Donna 
Lowry at extension 3-1939. 
Attached is the final letter.  Please note - there was a small change at the 
top of page 2.
Final version of Enron Complaint.  Document is in Word Perfect 8.
The information contained in this e-mail message and any accompanying 
documents is subject to the attorney-client privilege and/or the attorney 
work product rule and is confidential business information intended only for 
the use of the individual or entity named above.  If the reader of this 
message is not the intended recipient or representative of the recipient, you 
are hereby notified that any dissemination of this communication is strictly 
prohibited.  If you have received this communication in error, please notify 
Kathryn A. Pugh at kpugh@pkns.com and immediately delete this message from 
your system.
- 288950_1.WPD
I'm putting in for Chairman and CEO of rationalizations and euphemisms.
Richard Shapiro@EES
08/28/2000 01:59 PM
With the proliferation of business units, I would like to nominate myself to=20
be President and COO of Enron Global Political  Origination Services. Why the=20
proiferation? Only way to hand out promotions?
Enron Energy Services has created explosive growth in the retail energy=20
business.  To advance EES=01, leadership position and to rapidly expand the=20
reach of its energy management services, the company is forming four new=20
business groups and promoting several key individuals.
EES continues to see an ever-increasing demand for energy management services=20
in North America, with interest coming from a growing number of customer=20
classes.  EES North America, headed by Marty Sunde, President and CEO, has=20
been established to bring outsourcing, commodity and mid-market solutions to=20
industrial and commercial customers in North America.  Harold Buchanan and=20
Jeremy Blachman have been named co-Chief Operating Officers of the group.
EES Europe is responsible for energy outsourcing across Europe, as well as=20
rapidly growing mid-market business (Enron Direct, Enron Directo) and heavy=20
industrial business (ETOL).  Matthew Scrimshaw, President and CEO will lead=20
this group.
As EES and Enron=01,s customer base grows, world class execution capabilities=20
and customer relationship management skills are required to maximize value.=20
Global Energy Services, headed by Dan Leff, President and CEO, is being=20
established to manage execution, delivery, operations & maintenance, account=20
/ customer management and contract value enhancement of Enron=01,s asset and=20
energy outsourcing activities worldwide.  This group will include Enron=20
Facility Services (EFS), led by Joe Earle, President & CEO and Operational=20
Energy Corporation (OEC), led by Mark Dobler, Vice President.
EES continues to see additional opportunities for business that will benefit=20
from the growth of its energy outsourcing business.  To manage and develop=20
these new business opportunities, EES New Business Ventures has been=20
created.  Mark Muller, President and CEO will lead this group.
All four new business leaders will report directly to EES=01, Office of the=20
Chairman, Lou Pai, who will continue as Chairman, and Tom White, who will=20
continue as Vice Chairman.  In addition, Kevin Hughes, Vice President and=20
Chief Accounting Officer, Vicki Sharp, Managing Director and General Counsel,=20
and Beth Tilney, Managing Director of Marketing, HR and Customer Satisfaction=20
will continue to report to the Office of the Chairman.
Please join us in congratulating these individuals.
I think this is an excellent letter.  I agree with Sue's comments and have 
included her changes on Page 3.  All changes have been marked in this version.
Enron also announced today a restructuring of its broadband business Conditions in the broadband industry have reduced revenue opportunities in 
the sector.  "The strategy we pursued in the broadband business will allow us 
to quickly restructure this business without affecting our strong earnings 
outlook,"  said Skilling.
My comments are attached.  I think the pleading is well written, but, as 
you'll see from my comments, I believe we should be incorporating more of the 
arguments from the previous pleading.
Ray Alvarez
07/09/2001 07:14 PM
As you may be aware, the Chief Judge informed the parties to the settlement 
proceeding this afternoon that he intends to recommend to the Commission that 
it employ the June 19 rate methodology for the refund period from October 2 
forward.
Attached are draft comments that Sarah Novosel and I propose to submit to the 
Judge and his legal staff tomorrow.  While we would like to convince the 
Judge that the June 19 methodology is not appropriate, we also provide a 
fallback approach.
Please review the comments (they are only 4 pages) and send your comments to 
us.  We plan to submit the comments tomorrow.
Thanks
Ray and Sarah
As discussed.
Steven J Kean
07/09/2001 03:54 PM
I know we are holding for a later filing, but I have attached further 
comments anyway.  The document is still too rough to send out.  We need to 
take the opportunity, as soon as possible, to get a hard hitting, thoroughly 
researched and carefully written document in front of the Commissioners California's reaction to the Judge's recommendation is likely to give FERC 
(especially the new commissioners) a feel for how irrational the California 
politicians can be.  We will have a limited opportunity to take advantage of 
that realization.  We need to hit it hard in the pleading, our conversations 
at the Commission, the Hill and the media.
Linda Robertson
07/09/2001 09:58 AM
Let me emphasize that these comments are to be filed COB TODAY 
James D Steffes
07/09/2001 10:50 AM
HERE IS THE MOST RECENT STATEMENT WITH STEVE'S COMMENTS.
Jim
I know we are holding for a later filing, but I have attached further 
comments anyway.  The document is still too rough to send out.  We need to 
take the opportunity, as soon as possible, to get a hard hitting, thoroughly 
researched and carefully written document in front of the Commissioners California's reaction to the Judge's recommendation is likely to give FERC 
(especially the new commissioners) a feel for how irrational the California 
politicians can be.  We will have a limited opportunity to take advantage of 
that realization.  We need to hit it hard in the pleading, our conversations 
at the Commission, the Hill and the media.
Linda Robertson
07/09/2001 09:58 AM
Let me emphasize that these comments are to be filed COB TODAY 
James D Steffes
07/09/2001 10:50 AM
HERE IS THE MOST RECENT STATEMENT WITH STEVE'S COMMENTS.
Jim
I love you.  Call me.
The letter looks good.  A couple of comments for your consideration:
On page three we describe the change to the definition of Public Utility and 
then argue that we don't fit into it.  Would it be worth explaining why that 
makes sense?  Specifically, the New Jersey restructuring law, like most 
efforts of its kind in other markets, is designed to separate the competitive 
from monopoly elements of the power (and gas) businesses.  Economic 
regulation would then be restricted to the remaining monopoly elements of the 
business (eg distribution).  The competitive market can not be solely relied 
upon to "regulate" the behavior of monopoly asset owners, such as 
distribution utilities.  Therefore, regulators continue to be called upon to 
set pricing and other terms of service.  What those regulators decide matters 
a great deal to those monopoly utilities and it consequently makes sense for 
lawmakers to be concerned about attempts by such entities to use campaign 
contributions to tacitly influence decision makers.  The same public policies 
simply do not apply to that portion of the market which is competitive.  The 
generation and sales business has a competitive structure (i.e. relatively 
low barriers to entry, multiple competitors etc.).  These components of the 
power and gas business can be "regulated" by the market with respect to rates 
and terms of service.  They do not require economic regulation any more than 
grocery stores, department stores, appliance sellers or other "retailers" 
(who presumably are not prohibited from making contributions.  Competition 
and markets discipline behavior and establish competitive prices and terms of 
service.  Because regulators don't set the prices and terms of service for 
such sellers, there is no reason to be concerned about campaign 
contribuitions from such organizations.  Indeed, the legislation, and the 
legislative history, clearly conform to this underlying policy rationale.
As a former practicing lawyer, I certainly understand the value of pleading 
in the alternative.  But, I question how certain of our arguments woud be 
perceived by the public if they ever came to light (which these documents 
have a habit of doing).. .  I can just see the press seizing on Enron's claim 
of "ignorance or mistake" or the fact that we pled for the favorable exercise 
of "prosecutorial discretion".  I suggest that we add whatever we feel is 
necessary to the very solid looking intent argument, not make specific 
reference to "ignorance or mistake", and not plead for the favorable 
esxercise of PD.  If we feel we need to write about this last item, perhaps 
we could suggest that it would be a waste of the public's resources to pursue 
a claim under such circumstances.
Has this previously been covered by the Office of the Chairman budget?  If 
so, please handle; otherwise let me know.
Steve  
A question aimed far below your pay grade.  Our most recent invoice to Enron 
(dating from April) has not yet been paid.  Our accountant, Paul Hart, 
reports that the individual to whom we had previously been told to direct the 
invoices says he is no longer the appropriate person to approve it.
Any guidance on to whom we should turn?
All the best,
Nelson
Nelson:
We spoke to Enron's accounting dept who said that the invoice is still in 
their system because James Derrick (whom all the previous invoices have been 
sent) said that he is not the person to approve the payment. The accountant 
asked me whom he sould direct the invoice to. Please let me know your 
thoughts.
Paul
enron_update@concureworkplace.com on 07/09/2001 01:17:27 AM
The following reports have been waiting for your approval for more than 4 
days.  Please review.
Owner: Kyle S Norosky
Report Name: KN 008
Days In Mgr. Queue: 5
fyi
To the Executive Committee:
Attached is a note that has been sent to our managers regarding off-site and 
team-building meetings.  My impression is that our commendable efforts to 
build transatlantic synergies are resulting in too many get-togethers that 
require substantial travel.  Our challenge is that such gatherings are far 
more costly and time-consuming for us to attend than our Houston colleagues 
might realize.  Often, participating in these meetings takes an entire week 
for Enron Europe employees (especially if they are outside of Texas Naturally, they may feel that this time of year (PRC time) is exactly the 
wrong time from a career perspective to miss this kind of gathering.
These off-sites are sometimes scheduled at the end of a quarter, which 
compounds the difficulty; worse still are the times they occur at the end of 
Q2, since it also coincides and conflicts with the PRC process.
I would appreciate your efforts to remind your managers to consider the 
travel time and costs (both direct and indirect) when inviting international 
employees to off-site meetings in the US.  We appreciate the chance to be 
included in the broader Enron initiatives and to share ideas across 
organizations, but we are really trying to reinforce the message about 
managing expenses.
Thanks!
John Sherriff
(Letter sent to all Enron Europe VPs and direct reports)
We still have issues regarding Offsites and 'Team Building' exercises.  In 
particular, we have recently had examples of departments failing to inform 
other key work groups when workplace absences are pending.
In order to avoid misunderstandings, and to increase transparency, the 
following will apply with immediate effect:
Any Offsite or 'Team Building' exercise which any group (both commercial and 
non-commercial, and including John and myself)intends to undertake must be 
communicated, in advance, to all department heads. Issue to be identified 
include:  all participants who will out of the office, total costs of the 
exercise; and, where appropriate, work load coverage details.
John and I are very supportive of team building exercises but we much prefer 
that they be conducted in the evenings or at weekends. To the extent that is 
not possible, we must absolutely avoid quarter ends and ensure all work is 
appropriately covered.
Trips to Houston and especially resorts in the US are far more difficult to 
justify based on the substantial travel time and costs involved.  So please 
pay particular attention to optimising our transatlantic travel.
Please communicate this policy to your staff.
Michael Brown
Neither Ken nor Jeff are available.  It would probably be better for one of 
you to speak anyway.  Any interest?
Pankaj Ghemawat  Steve,
Here's the invitation I mentioned.? Thanks for following up on this and my 
own personal invitation to get somebody to come to class.
Pankaj
Date: Fri, 11 Aug 2000 17:44:34 -0400
Dear Pankaj, 
I enjoyed meeting you last week in BA.? Steve Reifenberg and I are both 
grateful for your willingness to speak to Ken Lay at Enron on our behalf.?? I 
have attached a copy of the letter we sent to him, as well as the preliminary 
program for the October 20 DRCLAS Corporate Partners Program.? When we called 
to follow up, we were told that it was unlikely that Ken Lay would be able to 
participate, so we extended the invitation to Jeff Skilling as well.? We 
would be delighted to have either one speak on the case of Enron at the 
event. 
Thanks again, and please let me know if there is someone in Lay's office with 
whom I should follow up after you speak with him. 
Best, 
Ellen 
<a href EUDORA=AUTOURL> 
- Lay_invite_EMS.doc
- Agenda_EMS_8_1.pdf
Pankaj Ghemawat
Tiampo Professor of Business Administration
Morgan 227
Harvard Business School
Soldiers Field
Boston MA 02163, USA
Tel: 617-495-6270
Fax: 617-495-0355
fyi
Here is the approved press release. UC/CSU added a few more details 
concerning the extension of the contract 
see below.
Federal price limits backfire=20
Some generators withhold power rather than abide by rate caps=20
David Lazarus, Chronicle Staff Writer
Wednesday, July 4, 2001=20
,2001 San Francisco Chronicle=20
URL:=20
N186091.DTL=20
Officials in California and Nevada, after months of lobbying for federal=20
regulators to cap Western power prices, warned yesterday that the newly=20
imposed limits have had the unintended consequence of increasing a threat of=20
blackouts in the two states.=20
The warnings were issued as California came within minutes of rolling=20
blackouts yesterday afternoon, and one day after the first-ever rolling=20
blackouts in Las Vegas forced energy-hungry casinos to shut off fountains and=20
reduce air conditioning.=20
The two states are asking the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission to take a=20
closer look at the so-called price mitigation plan and come up with revisions=20
that would deter power companies from withholding electricity during=20
shortages.=20
"We need some clarity to this order," said Oscar Hidalgo, a spokesman for the=20
California Department of Water Resources, which is spending billions of=20
dollars to keep the state's lights on.=20
"Generators need to be held accountable," he said.=20
The crux of the problem is that price limits kick in during shortages, yet=20
power companies say these caps force them to sell power at below-market rates=20
during periods of high demand.=20
Some companies have responded by holding back power rather than face the=20
expense of shipping electricity from state to state. Each mile that=20
electricity must be transmitted adds to the overall cost.=20
"No one's going to pay for transmission if the cost is near the caps," said=20
Gary Ackerman, executive director of the Western Power Trading Forum, an=20
energy-industry association in Menlo Park.=20
Ackerman said several companies in his organization decided that there was no=20
economic advantage to offering power in regional markets when price controls=20
are in effect.=20
"This means individual regions like California or Las Vegas could end up not=20
having enough," Ackerman said. "It increases the threat of blackouts."=20
BLACKOUT ALERT CANCELED
California authorities issued a blackout alert at 1:45 p.m. yesterday when=20
power reserves dipped to dangerously low levels. They canceled the alert=20
about an hour later, after finding additional supplies.=20
"Everyone in the West is fighting for megawatts," said Stephanie McCorkle, a=20
spokeswoman for the California Independent System Operator, which oversees=20
the state's power network.=20
The Golden State's latest brush with lights-out conditions came a day after=20
Nevada experienced its own rolling blackouts for the first time, prompting=20
heavy power users such as the MGM Grand and Caesars Palace to dim their=20
lights.=20
Don Soderberg, chairman of the Nevada Public Utilities Commission, said that=20
the sudden power emergency took state authorities by surprise and that they=20
are investigating to see what role the federal price limits may have had in=20
exacerbating Monday's shortage.=20
"We're looking very closely at this," he said. "There seems to be a potential=20
for unintended consequences."=20
Specifically, Soderberg said Nevada is focusing on operators of older, less-=20
efficient plants who would find profit margins shrinking, if not vanishing,=20
under capped prices.=20
"We're going to see how the caps might have played into this," he said.=20
The federal ceiling in 10 Western states, excluding California, is about $92=20
per megawatt hour. In California, a 10 percent surcharge is added because of=20
the state's credit risk, bringing the price to just over $101.=20
Ackerman at the Western Power Trading Forum said regional price controls have=20
extended California's power crisis to neighboring states.=20
"California sneezed and the rest of the region caught the virus," he said.=20
'LAWYERS LOOKING FOR LOOPHOLES'=20
California and Nevada officials, however, said that they still have faith=20
that price limits can stabilize Western electricity markets but that federal=20
regulators may have to tweak the system so that power companies cannot=20
withhold output.=20
"The generators have banks of lawyers looking for loopholes (in the plan),"=20
said Hidalgo at the Department of Water Resources.=20
Unfortunately, it may take some time for the regulators to revisit an issue=20
that they took up only with the greatest reluctance. For months, federal=20
regulators refused to impose price controls, preferring instead to let supply=20
and demand determine costs.=20
Hidalgo said that when it appeared that power companies were throttling back=20
on output Monday, California officials immediately dialed the hot line number=20
provided by the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission in case of emergencies.=20
"No one answered," he said. "They were closed."=20
State officials tried again yesterday, and this time were told that the=20
commission would look into the matter. They were not given a time frame for=20
when the commission might come up with a response.=20
E-mail David Lazarus at dlazarus@sfchronicle.com.=20
,2001 San Francisco Chronicle ? Page?A - 1=20
Out-of-state generators pull plug over uncertainty on price controls
By Dale Kasler
Bee Staff Writer
(Published July 3, 2001)=20
Confused by the federal government's new controls on electricity prices,=20
generators withheld so much power from California on Monday that the state=20
was nearly plunged into rolling blackouts, state officials said.=20
The confusion began when the state's electric grid operators declared a Stage=20
1 power alert in the early afternoon, triggering the price caps for the first=20
time since they went into effect June 21.=20
Out-of-state generators pulled about 1,500 megawatts of electricity off the=20
table at midafternoon, enough to power about 1.1 million homes, because of=20
uncertainty about how much they could charge under the new Federal Energy=20
Regulatory Commission pricing system, said Oscar Hidalgo, spokesperson for=20
the state Department of Water Resources. The department buys electricity for=20
the state's financially distressed utilities.=20
"They didn't understand what they were going to be paid; there was confusion=20
over the FERC order," Hidalgo said. "We saw 1,500 megawatts disappear."=20
The problem was exacerbated by a heat wave across the West, which forced=20
California to compete with other states for scarce electricity, he said.=20
Rolling blackouts hit southern Nevada.=20
Most California officials credit the FERC system, which is based on a=20
variable price cap, with reining in what had been a runaway wholesale power=20
market. But power generators have complained that the price caps, by limiting=20
profits, could discourage the production of critically needed electricity.=20
And as Monday's episode suggested, even the uncertainty about where the cap=20
will fall could lead to unexpected shortages.=20
"That's the risk that you run (with price controls)," said Arthur O'Donnell,=20
editor of the newsletter California Energy Markets. "People want any kind of=20
certainty at all."=20
Hidalgo said the state avoided blackouts only because of last-minute imports=20
from the Bonne=0F'ville Power Administration, the federal agency that markets=20
government-produced hydroelectric power in the Pacific Northwest. The state=20
went into a Stage 2 power alert, the next-to-last level before blackouts are=20
ordered. The alert was canceled in late afternoon.=20
The blackouts would have been the first in California since May 8.=20
FERC imposed a round-the-clock ceiling on power throughout the West. The=20
price fluctuates and is tied to the production costs of the least-efficient=20
plant operating in California during a "power alert" declared by the=20
Independent System Operator, which runs the state's power-transmission grid.=20
When there's no alert, prices can't exceed 85 percent of the cap that was=20
established during the latest alert.=20
Until Monday, the maximum price held steady at about $101 a megawatt-hour in=20
California. But when the ISO declared a Stage 1 power alert in early=20
afternoon, signifying that reserve supplies had dwindled to less than 7=20
percent of demand, confusion set in, Hidalgo and others said.=20
Because of a steep drop in the price of natural gas, which fuels many=20
California power plants, suppliers knew the cap would fall. But no one knew=20
by how much until the price was posted by the ISO.=20
The ceiling for California fell to about $77 at 3 p.m. but was back up to $98=20
in two hours, according to the ISO. Those prices include the 10 percent=20
premium that sellers can charge California because FERC said there's a credit=20
risk in selling to the state.=20
O'Donnell said it's likely suppliers will pull back from the market every=20
time the ISO declares a power alert.=20
In-state generators have to operate their plants if summoned by the ISO. But=20
out-of-state suppliers can withhold supplies, and on Monday it was the=20
out-of-staters that were pulling back, Hidalgo said.=20
The Bee's Dale Kasler can be reached at (916) 321-1066 or dkasler@sacbee.com.=20
Power Sales Halted by New Pricing Curbs=20
Electricity: Confused suppliers, unsure what they will be paid, refuse to=20
sell to state, which asks FERC for a ruling but doesn't get it.=20
By NANCY VOGEL, Times Staff Writer=20
?????SACRAMENTO--Confusion over new federal price restrictions prompted=20
several electricity sellers to back away from sales to California on Monday=20
afternoon, pushing the state closer to blackouts, energy officials said.
?????The state lost sales that would have provided enough electricity to=20
supply more than 1 million homes, said Ray Hart, deputy director of the=20
California Department of Water Resources, which has been buying much of the=20
state's electricity since January.
?????At least five companies producing or marketing power "are telling us=20
that since they don't know what they're going to get paid, they're not going=20
to take the risk, and so they're not going to sell the energy," Hart said.
?????The electricity sales fell through after power consumption soared in=20
summer heat and grid operators were forced to declare a Stage 1 emergency,=20
meaning reserves had dipped below 7%. It was the first such emergency since=20
May 31.
?????Under a June 19 order by the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission=20
intended to bring down wholesale electricity markets across the West, a power=20
emergency in California triggers the setting of a new price limit that=20
applies to power plant owners from Washington to Arizona.=20
?????The new price is supposed to be based upon whatever it costs to run the=20
most inefficient, expensive power plant selling electricity to California=20
grid operators during the first full hour of a Stage 1 emergency.
?????But much uncertainty remains about exactly how and when the new price is=20
supposed to be established under the commission's order, and that apparently=20
drove away sellers, Hart said.
?????Shortly after the state issued the Stage 1 alert at 1:30 p.m., putting=20
the old price limit of $90 per megawatt-hour in question, companies that had=20
committed to provide the state electricity hour by hour Monday afternoon=20
backed out, Hart said. The companies include TransAlta Energy Marketing of=20
Oregon, Constellation Power of Baltimore and Sempra Energy Trading, a unit of=20
the San Diego-based energy conglomerate.
?????Forced to dip even deeper into the state's power reserves and declare a=20
Stage 2 emergency, water agency officials called the federal energy=20
commission's hotline for clarification about what the new price should be and=20
when it should take effect. They got no answer.
?????Hart said commission officials reached at home promised to try to=20
clarify their order today. One outstanding question is what obligations power=20
suppliers have to deliver electricity to California in an emergency.
?????Both buyers and sellers in the market agree that the new price, when it=20
is set, will probably be lower than $90 per megawatt-hour because the price=20
of natural gas, the main fuel in California power plants, has dropped lately.
?????Temperatures soared several degrees higher Monday than grid operators=20
had anticipated. But they said they expected to avoid rolling blackouts in=20
part because the Bonneville Power Administration in Portland, Ore., had=20
agreed to provide several hundred megawatts of Pacific Northwest hydropower=20
each hour in exchange for a return of electricity from California later this=20
summer.
?????"Bonneville is giving us emergency power to get us through," Hart said.=20
James D Steffes
07/06/2001 10:04 PM
The attached is a rough draft of a potential filing Enron would make in to=20
Judge Wagner in the Settlement process (it is unclear if this would remain=20
confidential per the gag order).
Please provide Ray Alvarez your comments.  This would be filed as early as=20
Monday am.
Jim
My suggestions are attached.
Take the gloves off.
James D Steffes
07/06/2001 10:04 PM
The attached is a rough draft of a potential filing Enron would make in to 
Judge Wagner in the Settlement process (it is unclear if this would remain 
confidential per the gag order).
Please provide Ray Alvarez your comments.  This would be filed as early as 
Monday am.
Jim
George "Herbert Hoover" Bush.
Dadisms
1. Run for the roundhouse Nellie, he'll never corner you there.
2. Slick as catshit and twice as nasty.
3. Like shit through a goose.
4. Yeah, that's right, keep fiddlin' with that, you'll break it
5. Ho! Ho! she cried in excess wild and waved her wooden leg on high!
6. On  accounta the war.
7. They'll have to shoot him on judgement day.
8. Then of course, there are the names: Katy, Devie, My Little Mochawk, Phil
Jofus, and Bubba
9. Choke ass (referring to peanut butter)
10. If it tastes good there are no calories
11. Didn't know you were in town (as driver passes on the right, etc.)
12. Like a couple of cub bears (meaning Rob and Phil)
13. Washington D.C. District or Corruption
14. Have some onions for defense
15. He won't have the guts to do THAT again (when a bug hits the windshield)
16. Saps goin' up the tree
17. Big Al
18. Douglas Doorite
19. Must be a storm comin'; the kids are actin' up
20. Constipate (concentrate)
21. Like being in hell with your back broke
22. gourd cover (hat)
23. mitts, dogs, paws (hands or feet)
24. you're too young
25. Worthington (when we asked him where something was or where he was
going)
26. overhose (blue jeans)
27. excruciating pain! (when we squeezed his hand)
28. That's a hell of a note
29. meat wagon (ambulance)
30. drappies (drapes)
31. grappies (grapes)
32. Whoa horsie!  Just cuz you only got 3 legs.  (when he was putting on the
brakes in the car)
33. Jeana, Jeana corpastina, I'm in love with you
34. I love you anyway
35. Scuse my boardin' house reach.
36. Come on out and let me lay a wheel on ya!  (in traffic)
37. Sit down and start passin' (at meal time)
38. That's a bit of all right.
39. Here, guard this with your life (when he handed something to us at a
store)
40. SOL (shit out of luck)
41. I'll tell ya when your're 21.
42. fernilla, dawberry, shocoletta (vanilla, strawberry, chocolate)
43. straighten up, now.
44. Pardon me soldier. (when he burped)
45. I'm going to assume the position of a soldier. (when he was going to lay
on the couch for a nap)
46. horses doovers
47. lemon meringoo pie
48. solft
49. go ahead, see if it bends (when someone pulled out in front of him)
50. Ioway State
51. Cedar Rapids, Cedar Rapids, come on down.  Hotel Roosevelt center of
town.
52. A hundred dogs going wild in the tobacco field.  Does your cigarette
taste difference? (a quote from the one Russian guy in Cascade)
53. Cut her loose and let her wander.
54. Get your dogs under the table.
55. "Shit!" cried the queen and a thousand loyal subjects strained their
bowels.
56. Who's side are you on?!  The power company? (when we left lights on)
57. That makes it soggy and hard to light
58. Full as a tick
59. A treat instead of a treatment
60. Intermittent Power
I am so sorry.  You guys gave him a really good life.
Houston died today after a long battle with Auto Immune Hemolytic Anemia.
Rest in peace.
Rob Kean
Please see the attached.
calendar
There will be a meeting on Monday, July 9, from 10:00 a.m. to Noon in EB3321 
to discuss the referenced issues 
Thank you.
Janette Elbertson
Enron Wholesale Services
Legal Department - EB3326
Telephone:  (713) 853-7906
Fax:  (713) 646-2600
e-mail address:  janette.elbertson@
Yes.
Maureen - please schedule.
Steve -=20
I=01,ll be in Houston July 23-26 and would like to get together to bring you up=20
to date on the latest developments in Japan regarding EBS and EGM, as well=20
as=01; energy markets.=01; Would you=01; have half an hour on the morning of Wednesday=20
the 25th?
Thanks,
Mike
enron_update@concureworkplace.com on 07/05/2001 12:11:43 PM
I doubt that this is worth the trouble (i.e. running it through a conflict of 
interest check, ensuring no liability for actions taken on the advice, etc).
Steve, we have no record of receiving the original invitation, but is this 
anything you would recommend?  Please advise.  Thanks, SRS
Dear Jeffrey,
I would like to follow up on the email regarding a personal invitation to 
join the Council of Energy Advisors that I recently sent you.
I wanted to see if there are any additional questions I can
answer. To reiterate, the Council is an organization of top engineers, 
corporate representatives, and energy experts that we pay(e.g. $250/hr) to 
consult via phone and email for our client base of more than 90 investment 
managers.
I feel that your background and expertise would be an asset to
the Council. Please feel free to register online at 
(just a quick 
5-minute form).  Also, you can learn more about our work at 
www.thecouncils.com.
Thanks for your consideration, I look forward to working with you. Again, 
please contact me anytime if if you have any remaining questions.
,
Matt
Gerson Lehrman Group
Council of Energy Advisors
11 E. 44th St., 11th floor
New York, NY 10017
(212) 838-6900 ext. 265
time and the only equipment requirements are 4 screens (which one of the team 
rooms can accomodate) and a network connection (which the team rooms already 
have).  Let me know what you think.  Also: I talked to Salisha about Lara's 
move and it's ok with me (I think we were originally concerned that she 
wanted space we were setting aside for graphics, but she is actually moving 
deeper into her group (and next to her files Sarah Palmer@ECT
12/15/99 05:26 PM
Steve and Mark:
eSpeak is gaining tremendous momentum to become the communication vehicle for 
Enron's business units. In the first quarter of 2000, we estimate at least 
one eSpeak session per week -- and growing.  Jeff and Joe have personally 
committed to an Office of the Chairman eSpeak event every two weeks.  Cliff 
Baxter, Cindy Olson and Tom Gros are scheduled for January events.  We are in 
the process of scheduling Ken Lay, Ken Rice, Kevin Hannon, Marty Sunde and 
Joe Hillings.
As eSpeak events currently take place in different locations, there is an 
incredible amount of time and energy required to set up and test the 
equipment and infrastructure for each event.  It is crucial to have a 
dedicated eSpeak room.  Preferably this room should be on the 47th floor 
where the eThink team can train executives in advance and conduct each eSpeak 
session.  The ideal and most efficient scenario would be to set up the 
equipment (four terminals) in an office space on 47, where the equipment will 
be secure and the Public Affairs group can still use the office as extra work 
space.
We request your authorization to move forward.  As we are moving into new 
space, this is the perfect time to dedicate a room.
Please feel free to call me at x39843 or Marie at x39698.
Sincerely,
The eThink Team
Executive Committee Weekly Meeting
Date:  TUESDAY, September 5
Time:  11:00 a.m. (CDT)
Location: 50th Floor Boardroom
Video:  Connections will be established with remote locations upon request.
Conf call: AT&T lines have been reserved.  Please contact Sherri Sera 
(713/853-5984) 
or Katherine Brown (713/345-7774) for the weekly dial-in number and 
passcode.
Please indicate below whether or not you plan to attend this meeting and 
through what medium. 
Yes, I will attend in person ____X___
By video conference from _______
By conference call  _______
No, I will not attend  _______
Please return this e-mail to me with your response by 12:00 p.m., Friday, 
September 1.
Thank you, 
Katherine
steve.knight@businesslayers.com on 06/25/2001 12:57:25 PM
I am looking for some help in identifying the right person(s) at: Enron
Corp., for an introduction of our software solution.  Steven, if you could
take a moment and point me to the appropriate contact I would greatly
appreciate it.
Summary of eProvisioning:
eProvisioning radically improves people's Time-To-Productivity by
transforming the disparate activities that allocate IT resources to people
into a secure and automatic process. Once provisioned, these resources
remain digitally connected to each person as they move through the business
cycle and are dynamically updated as necessary. At the appropriate time,
they are systematically, securely and automatically removed 
Organizations that employ eProvisioning gain a competitive edge and access
complete security by ensuring that people are kept productive from day one,
and are prevented from becoming counterproductive beyond the day they leave.
In addition, by aligning their IT infrastructure with business priorities,
organizations can effectively manage change across the extended enterprise,
and better respond to emerging market requirements. 
eProvision Day One provides business and IT executives with the ability to
quickly identify bottlenecks and maintain accountability of the
eProvisioning process through comprehensive reporting and tracking
capabilities. As business relationships between organizations expand,
Business Layers technology provides the framework for integration and
interoperability between eProvisioning partners - suppliers and service
providers, devices and applications - which are the digital foundations of
the Internet economy. 
Please, if you could give me a few minutes of your valuable time or guide me
to the right person to describe the significant benefits of what we offer."
Web Site 
Demo-Site User: blayers
Pass: blayers
Thank you for your time.
Steve Knight
SC Regional Sales Manager
Business Layers, Inc.
817-490-0170 
David W Delainey@EES
07/05/2001 05:24 PM
Guys, we have a unique capability at this time (ie) me in EES and Greg in EWS 
to have a singular voice in the regulatory market.  I would recommend a 
policy committee be formed including Greg, Dave, Janet Dietrich, John 
Lavorato, Tim Belden, Kevin Presto, Rick Shapiro and Steve Kean that meets on 
a regular basis to review and approve our regulatory agenda, policy and 
tactical moves on a regular basis.
Thoughts 
Delainey
I know we got a lot of grief on the Hill when we had our fight with UC/CSU Now we have settled and this release will go out (with some modification) 
today.
Attached is a draft of the UC-CSU-Enron press release concerning the 
settlement agreement.  Please review and let me know of any revisions or 
suggestions.  We would like for this to go out tomorrow if possible.  We're 
still waiting for a quote from CSU.  I'll make sure you see that as well Thank you.  Max
Is there an alternative quote we could use instead of the reference to 
"stabilizing" in the California market?  I think I know what we mean but most 
outside readers would see the situation as unstable.  Perhaps we could 
reference the continued availability of direct access or renewed interest in 
Enron's offerings?
Attached is a draft of the UC-CSU-Enron press release concerning the 
settlement agreement.  Please review and let me know of any revisions or 
suggestions.  We would like for this to go out tomorrow if possible.  We're 
still waiting for a quote from CSU.  I'll make sure you see that as well Thank you.  Max
Looks good to me.
Stelzer@aol.com on 07/05/2001 08:41:38 PM
POSSIBLE DRAFT LETTER TO ROD EDDINGTON at BA FROM KEN LAY
Dear Rod:
Irwin Stelzer says that he has mentioned to you that the next meeting of 
Enron's advisory council is scheduled for London on October 30 and 31. The 
council includes several prominent permanent members drawn from the  business 
and academic communities, to which we add distinguished guests with expertise 
in areas of interest to us on an ad hoc basis. Several of our top executives 
attend these meetings.
I am hoping that you might help us in two ways. Irwin tells me that your 
headquarters building is innovative and has many features that it would be 
well worth our while to know about and to study. Would it be possible for you 
to arrange a tour for a few of our executives, both from the US and the UK, 
say on the morning of October 30?
Second, we understand from Irwin and from the press that you have done 
wonders in reinvigorating and revitalizing the BA staff. I am hoping that you 
might be willing to share some of the secrets of your success with us, 
perhaps at an informal buffet lunch at our new London headquarters on October 
31, or at some other time on that day that might be more convenient for you.
Let me take this opportunity to congratulate you on what you have 
achieved at BA, in a short time and in a tough market.
Sincerely,
I think this letter looks fine.  For the hororarium, I suggest we use 
whatever we paid Kudlow for his participation (I believe Ken also entered 
into a consulting contract with Kudlow, but I'm referring only to the 
one-time payment for the advisory council meeting he attended).
Stelzer@aol.com on 07/05/2001 08:58:38 PM
I INFORMALLY SOUNDED PAUL OUT, AND HE EXPRESSED AN INTEREST IF THE DATES WORK.
Possible letter to Paul Joskow from Ken Lay
Dear Paul:
As you may have heard, Enron has an advisory committee consisting of 
leaders in the academic and business communities (list attached). This 
committee meets twice each year, along with invited speakers on subjects of 
interest to Enron. Top executives of our company do their best to attend.
Starting on the afternoon of October 30, and concluding late in the day 
on October 31, we will be meeting in London. I was most impressed with your 
presentation at the Aspen Institute energy forum, and am hoping that you 
might consider joining our meeting to discuss "Where do we go from here: how 
to preserve the momentum of deregulation after California."
We would be delighted to cover business class travel costs and all other 
expenses incident to your trip to London, including hotel costs should you 
choose to extend your stay for several days. In addition, there would be an 
honorarium of $XXXXXX. 
Do try to join us: you will find the other speakers interesting, and 
London a delightful place in which to spend a bit of time. And we would 
benefit enormously from your participation.
Sincerely,
Who is Paul Kaufan 
Follow up to previous message:  I would not have "managing for the slow down" 
on the agenda.  I don't think it is as relevant to our business as it is to 
many others.
TERRIE JAMES@MUNICATIONS
07/05/2001 01:09 PM
Steve,
Have you had a chance to look at the book "Funky Business" and to give any 
thought to having Jonas present at the Management Conference?  I know you 
have a thousand other things on your plate, not the least of which is 
California, so I understand if the answer is no.  However, they've been 
contacted by someone else about the date so we may be forced to decide rather 
soon.
On a related subject, I'm contemplating another topic for the conference I'd seen an article in Fortune several months ago titled "Managing for the 
Slowdown."  It talked about new challenges managers face in light of the 
economic downturn.  (Most young managers have never experienced anything but 
boom times.)  The article also outlines a dozen or so things companies should 
be thinking about now.  (Use the downturn as a new opportunity to evaluate 
people.  Overhaul your budget process.  Don't stop communicating. etc.)  I 
think it would be beneficial to address similar strategies and ideas with our 
managers.  I'd love to get your thoughts on this idea.  (Is it appropriate 
for Enron or am I just seeing the world through bleak-colored glasses?)
Terrie James
Sr. Director, Corporate Communication
Enron Broadband Services
713-853-7727 (phone)
713-646-8887 (fax)
terrie_james@.net
Alison@isbspeakers.com
07/05/01 10:40 AM
July 5, 2001
Terrie:
We received an e-mail today from the Funky Business office asking about the
date we have on hold with Enron.  They have another inquiry about that date 
and
wondered if Enron is still considering using Jonas.  If you are still
considering them I will keep him on hold.  And if they get a firm offer I 
will
let you know immediately.  We will have 24 hours to make an offer or release
the hold once a firm offer comes in from another company.
Hope you had a great 4th of July,
Alison Kravetz
800-842-4483 x239
I have looked it over.  I think they would do a good job.  Another idea Dick Foster (advisor to Enron's Board and Senior Director at McKinsey) has a 
great book out: "Creative Destruction".  I was on a panel with him recently 
where he shared some of his research.  He is a very good presenter; he knows 
Enron well; and his work is first rate.  He might be a good addition.  I have 
an idea on the breakout sessions.  It needs some work but I'd like to talk it 
through with you.
TERRIE JAMES@MUNICATIONS
07/05/2001 01:09 PM
Steve,
Have you had a chance to look at the book "Funky Business" and to give any 
thought to having Jonas present at the Management Conference?  I know you 
have a thousand other things on your plate, not the least of which is 
California, so I understand if the answer is no.  However, they've been 
contacted by someone else about the date so we may be forced to decide rather 
soon.
On a related subject, I'm contemplating another topic for the conference I'd seen an article in Fortune several months ago titled "Managing for the 
Slowdown."  It talked about new challenges managers face in light of the 
economic downturn.  (Most young managers have never experienced anything but 
boom times.)  The article also outlines a dozen or so things companies should 
be thinking about now.  (Use the downturn as a new opportunity to evaluate 
people.  Overhaul your budget process.  Don't stop communicating. etc.)  I 
think it would be beneficial to address similar strategies and ideas with our 
managers.  I'd love to get your thoughts on this idea.  (Is it appropriate 
for Enron or am I just seeing the world through bleak-colored glasses?)
Terrie James
Sr. Director, Corporate Communication
Enron Broadband Services
713-853-7727 (phone)
713-646-8887 (fax)
terrie_james@.net
Alison@isbspeakers.com
07/05/01 10:40 AM
July 5, 2001
Terrie:
We received an e-mail today from the Funky Business office asking about the
date we have on hold with Enron.  They have another inquiry about that date 
and
wondered if Enron is still considering using Jonas.  If you are still
considering them I will keep him on hold.  And if they get a firm offer I 
will
let you know immediately.  We will have 24 hours to make an offer or release
the hold once a firm offer comes in from another company.
Hope you had a great 4th of July,
Alison Kravetz
800-842-4483 x239
FYI - itinerary.
Please note departure time has changed and dinner time has changed. I will 
contact Papa's assistant to give her details of the changes.
Thanks,
Chris
Ext:  3-6021
I'm looking forward to your discussion regarding the "reregulation threat" at 
the next meeting.  Below are some of my observations:
While it's premature to say we have an energy crisis, we are witnessing the 
triple threat of high summer gasoline prices, spiking electricity prices, and 
high natural gas prices for the upcoming heating season (I'll send along some 
of the data).
There is at least the potential for this to become a prominent national 
political issue:  Gore has focussed relentlessly on Bush's ties to "big oil" 
(which includes us by the way, though we produce nary a drop); and 
Congressional republicans have blamed the current administration for failing 
to have a coherent energy policy (though, at least so far, the dominant 
characteristic of the administration's policy has been a republicanesque 
reliance on the market Notwithstanding the issue's potential to become political fodder and its 
prominence in the popular press, many Americans seem blissfully ignorant, at 
least on the electricity issue.  We did some focus group testing recently in 
Southern California -- a mere 15 minutes from the epicenter of the San Diego 
price quakes -- and most people knew nothing about it.  So, while the issue 
has the potential for political traction, it may not have caught on yet 
(except in places like San Diego and New York city.
The reaction in California has been to call for government intervention in 
electricity markets.  Investigations of out of state "price gougers and 
profiteers" have been undertaken and wholesale and retail price caps have 
been put in place.  They have not worked -- at least in wholesale markets Suppliers are deciding to site plants elsewhere and when prices are high 
elsewhere in the West, power flows out of California to those other markets Ironically, though I can't explain it in classical economic terms, the 
setting of rate caps in wholesale markets has had the effect of pulling 
prices up to the capped levels in offpeak times when there is more than 
enough supply.  For the most part, though, the caps and the other political 
reactions have been somewhat muted: policy makers have been reluctant to 
throw the deregulation plan out and start over, and the retail price caps 
have been relatively narrow ... so far.
Outside of California, the authors of other states' deregulation plans have 
distinguished their proposals from California's.  Regulators and legislators 
from such diverse places as Connecticut, Texas and Alberta have gone out of 
their way to defend their plans and explain why "California won't happen 
here."  For the most part, then, the reaction to California has been positive 
from Enron's perspective in states that have already deregulated.  There does 
remain some threat that aspects of the state plans (e.g. utility plant 
divestiture) may be postponed or cancelled.  The story is a bit more grim in 
states that were considering deregulation but have not gone forward with 
their plans:  I think it's off the agenda in most places.  The fact that most 
of the major markets (about 70% of total electric revenue) are already 
deregulated/deregulating is a blessing in that regard.
At the federal level there has been a combination of the "burn the village in 
order to save it" approach  -- allow some price caps to remove the pressure 
to reverse the whole deregulation program -- and a more positive call for 
comprehensive reform.
All in all, I believe we're OK so far and we need to look at this as an 
opportunity:  business is booming;  we sell protection from price volatility 
and the need for such protection is now plastered over the front pages of 
major newspapers.  On the public policy front we need to convert the 
controversy into productive action.  Our target has been FERC -- they are 
somewhat removed from the white hot rhetoric in California and they are a 
single commissioner's vote away from taking action to further open the 
market.
Enron's response:  Initially we hoped to feed information into industry 
groups and let them carry the message; our concern was that Enron -- a 
company which was in and out of the residential market in Cal. -- would not 
make the most attractive champion for the open market message.  We hoped that 
the new generators in Cal would take up the mantle.  It's fair to say that 
they fumbled the ball:  they are now locked in a pitched battle with the 
utilities over price caps and fall all to easily into the out of state 
profiteer label .... standing between Aunt Millie and rate relief.  They were 
also extremely slow out of the blocks with a more productive message.  We are 
now working the issue directly.  We are working the issue on a number of 
levels: 1) PR - we have good contacts in the press and have talked to 
numerous reporters and editorial writers.  As time goes on, the information 
and reporting has gotten somewhat better.  2)  Govt relations - we have been 
pushing for power plant siting legislation in California (the market wants to 
build capacity but the government won't let it).  This may be the best 
environment we'll ever see for streamlining the permitting process.  Also, in 
typical Enron fashion, we put a deal on the table.  We offered to sell power 
to the local utility at a price which would enable them to lock in stable 
rates for their customers at below current rates.  Our offer was followed by 
nine others and we tried to make something of the fact that the market was 
offering better solutions than California politicians.  SDG&E dropped the 
ball, unfortunately.  Instead of seizing the opportunity, they ended up going 
along with a government granted rate discount which will cause them to accrue 
a massive deferral account.  At the federal level we are contacting members, 
the DOE and FERC.  Here we are making a push for FERC action to finish 
"leveling the playing field" in wholesale markets so power can get from where 
it is to where its needed.  Additionally, we are developing a prepackaged 
system (including software) for nondiscriminatory open access (to take away 
any lingering excuses or delays).  3) Overall messaging -- we have been 
working with a well known political pollster to check our messages for their 
resonance at the grassroots level.  As we hone these messages we will be 
using them in the fora we are currently working.
Overall, we have more opportunity than risk in the current environment, but 
capitalizing on those opportunities continues to be a long shot.
An intersting rhetorical challenge for us is this:  much of the problem in 
power markets is blamed on high upstream fuel prices, particularly natural 
gas.  The gas market is open and structured pretty much the way we are 
advocating for electricity, so how can we maintain that the problem in power 
markets is an absence of open markets when the most open commodity market on 
the planet (natural gas) is producing such outsized prices?  The answer is 
somewhat complicated and therefore a bit unsatisfactory in the current 
debate:  gas prices are still lower in real terms than they were 
pre-deregulation;  long term prices are also lower than historical levels the curve is "backwardated" (sp?) meaning that prices in later years are 
lower than today so you can buy gas for 3 years at a price lower than current 
spot prices); and the economy is booming and driving up demand for basic 
inputs (this begs the question: why didn't the market react sooner and avoid 
the spike?).  When all else fails, a big part of the problem can be blamed on 
OPEC.  We haven't had this thrown at us yet, but we are trying to anticipate 
it and have answers at the ready.
This is just the tip of the iceberg.  The issue is a great example of the 
intersection of our business interests with public policy debates and should 
promote a lively discussion when we get together.  Let me know if there is 
anything else you need.
enron_update@concureworkplace.com on 07/03/2001 02:09:20 PM
You have probably heard this already, but on July3, the CPUC postponed their 
direct access decision until mid-August.
Dan Leff@EES
07/02/2001 07:15 AM
Steven J Kean@
06/30/2001 07:24 AM
You may want to forward this to your customers.
Scott Govenar  The California Chamber of Commerce received a call from someone at the
CPUC who requested that they send as many customers as possible to
testify at Tuesday's hearing in favor of direct access.   The Chamber
has requested the same thing of Enron.
Thank you.  I enjoyed the discussion very much.  The DoD has significant 
challenges, but if the group participating in the meeting was any indication, 
they have some first rate people working on those challenges.  If I can be of 
further assistance, do not hesitate to call.
Dear Steve:  just a brief note to say thank you again for your excellent
presentation at last week's Highlands Forum.  I believe that your remarks,
along with those of Goran Lindahl, Dick Foster, and Phil Condit of Boeing,
have caused a significant stir in the preparation for the congressionally
mandated Quadrennial Defense Review and the Secretary's transformation
planning.  I also can tell you that the feedback from participants regarding
your briefing has been terrific.
We are reviewing all the material this week to begin the process of
re-creating the session on the Secretary's webpage for the Forum, and I will
be going over the video and audio clips for posting.  Recognizing that your
slides were proprietary, it would be most valuable if we could post as much
of your powerpoint briefing as possible--whatever you feel comfortable with
sharing.  Whatever that turns out to be, if your staff could email that to
me, I will make sure that only that, and not the original that you sent to
me, gets posted.
I am not sure where the senior leadership of the DoD will be going in the
coming months, however, I know that the discussion of your experience at
Enron and the experiences of your panel mates will have an influence.
A more formal letter of thanks will be forthcoming, but for now, thank you
again for joining us and helping to make this a memorable and most important
Highlands Forum.
, Dick
Dick O'Neill
The Highlands Group
301-469-7400
301-469-5878 fax
Tricon works extremely close with Retailer's Association.  Tricon suggested 
we contact the President of the CA Retailer's Association for assistance.
Michelle
Michelle,
We have not been called to testify. We work with Bill Dombrowski, President
of
California Retailer's Assoc. Your California govt. relations person could
reach
Bill at 916-443-1975 to see if other commercial customers were called.
Joe
______________________________ Reply Separator
_________________________________
CA customers called to testify in favor of DA.  Have you been asked to
participate 
(Embedded     Enron Energy Services
image moved
Scott Gahn
07/02/2001 07:53 AM
Dan Leff
07/02/2001 07:32 AM
Steve - Thank you.
Team - FYI and action. Probably best to coordinate with Steffes / Mahoney.
Thanks - Dan
Steven J Kean@
06/30/2001 07:24 AM
You may want to forward this to your customers.
Scott Govenar  
"Harry.Kingerski@                      Miyung Buster        Sharma
The California Chamber of Commerce received a call from someone at the
CPUC who requested that they send as many customers as possible to
testify at Tuesday's hearing in favor of direct access.   The Chamber
has requested the same thing of Enron.
Please add Dave Delainey, John Lavorato and Louise Kitchens to updates with 
significant news like this one (they may already get them ... I didn't read 
through all the names 
Susan J Mara
07/03/2001 12:35 PM
The vote to suspend direct access has been postponed.  This is a positive 
sign that the legislature is making progress on a comprehensive solution 
Sue Mara
Enron Corp.
Tel: (415) 782-7802
Fax:(415) 782-7854
"Bill Chen"  	07/03/2001 09:57 AM
See attached press release.
Bill
- 070301.doc
Ken hasn't mentioned it.  I'll ask next time I talk to him.
Linda Robertson
07/03/2001 01:58 PM
Pat Shortridge heard from the Executive Director of the Republican Senate 
Campaign Committee that Haley Barbour, the new finance chair for the 
Committee, had called Ken to request that he serve as a Finance 
Co-Chairman.   Pat was told that Ken agreed.  Have you heard of this call and 
did Ken agree?Thanks
Has this gone to Ken yet.  If not please send.
Maureen McVicker
06/21/2001 02:55 PM
Lora:
This is the new "Final" version.  The difference from the earlier version is 
- a few slides were taken out and the order of the remaining slides were 
rearranged.
Please get a copy of this new "Final" to Ken Lay 
Thanks.
Ursula Brenner
06/21/2001 01:05 PM
This is the final version, including the changes Jeff just requested.
Ursula
Sorry for the delay (I had major e-mail problems).  The memo looks good; 
let's get it out.
Steve,
As you know, we have developed a memo to be signed by Ken Lay and Jeff 
Skilling reaffirming our EEO, Harassment Prevention and Fair Treatment 
policies for 2001.  The final version is attached for your review, and if 
acceptable, to obtain the needed signatures 
The memo has been reviewed by Cindy, the Legal Department and the OLER 
group.  Once signatures have been obtained, return the signed memo to me so 
that our group can begin the distribution and posting of the memo to all US 
employees 
Please call me at x37921 if you have any questions.  The signed memo can be 
sent to me at EB1669c.  Thank you for your assistance in this matter.
,
Sandra
Yes, Phillippe left to join a firm in New York -- I don't know who.
Steven,
I hear Philippe is leaving for Putnam, any truth to this?  I've been unable
to contact him directly.  Thanks in advance.
,
Chris M. Culberson
cmculbe@us.ibm.com
(281) 556-8104
You may want to forward this to your customers.
Scott Govenar  The California Chamber of Commerce received a call from someone at the
CPUC who requested that they send as many customers as possible to
testify at Tuesday's hearing in favor of direct access.   The Chamber
has requested the same thing of Enron.
I spoke with Jeff and he is not going to be available for the speech on the 
26th.  Do we pass or is there an alternative?  Can we get done what we need 
to get done with Ken's visit the following week?
Nicholas O'Day
08/31/2000 06:01 AM
Ken Lay Visit. Following discussions with the Prime Minister's office and a 
quick check with venues 31 October is firming up as the preferred date for a 
meeting with the Prime Minister and an office opening by the PM. 
Jeff Skilling Visit. The Nikkei and the Tokyo University have now made the 
decision to invite Mr Skilling to give the key note address at the symposium 
on 26 November in Tokyo. As mentioned, the symposium is the most prestigious 
conference on IT in Japan.
While the conference itself receives significant media attention, the 
President of Nikkei has offered to interview Mr Skilling. This honour is 
usually reserved for Heads of State. The interview will be featured on the 
front page of the Nikkei and picked up by other major media services.
kind  
Nicholas O'Day
08/29/2000 07:43 PM
Ken Lay Visit. Balancing the need to push out the arrangement of high level 
meetings as far as possible with the desire to have a meeting with Prime 
Minister Mori prior to the US Presidential election, the week commencing 30 
October would be the optimum time for a visit by Mr Lay. PM Mori is generally 
available in that week. We will get a preferred time from the PM's chief 
secretary first thing tomorrow morning Tokyo time. 
Jeff Skilling Visit. The boards of Nikkei and Tokyo University Institute of 
Advanced Studies have yet to make a decision on the key note speaker for the 
one day invitation only seminar to be held on 26 October. As mentioned, the 
boards will choose between the chairman of Cisco and Jeff Skilling. The 
conference is focused on the IT revolution and an invitation only event for 
approximately 600 of Japan's corporate leaders.
The speaking panel and topics for discussion will be developed around the key 
note speaker. If Mr Skilling were to give the key note speech, it is likely 
that key senior Government Ministers would be asked to present at the 
seminar. 
Following the Prime Minister's commitment at the Okinawa summit of 
US$15billion expenditure in the region on IT infrastructure and education, 
Japan's focus on e-commerce is almost reaching fever pitch. There will be 
significant interest in the conference from senior levels of Government and 
the business community. Further, as you would expect with the involvement of 
the Nikkei, there is typically significant media coverage associated with the 
key note speaker's presentation.
kind  
Rep Scott McGinnis (colo) told Ken that he would like to be briefed on the 
California and broader energy situation so that he can speak out on the issue.
Also, don't forget that we need to go see your buddy Newt!
EB 4712C
Ext. 3-1586
testing
Steve will be in a Managing Director PRC that day - not sure if he will be 
out in time for a 5:30 event.
Maureen
Steve:
I am considering scheduling a Rice team/intern happy hour on July 24 (5:30 7:00).  Would you be available on this date or should I try to reschedule?
Thank you!
lexi
3-4585
I get in too late tonight, but maybe dinner or drinks on Thurs?
Linda Robertson
06/19/2001 06:39 PM
You are here Wed and Thur nights.  Do you have plans?  Do you want to do 
something with some of the DC staff?
Thanks anyway.  no need to do anything right now.  enjoy your vacation.
Jeffrey Keeler
06/18/2001 01:10 PM
Sorry I missed this on Friday --  was on vacation end of last week and rest 
of this week 
If its not too late, I'll have Lisa pull some things together quickly.  Also, 
my wife Marietta knows Isikoff well....they worked together on a number of 
things when she was at Court TV in Washington.   Let me know what I can do to 
help.
Jeffrey Keeler
Director, Environmental Strategies
Enron
Washington DC office - (202) 466-9157
Cell Phone (203) 464-1541
Fyi - price cap events of the week.
John Shelk
06/18/2001 07:15 AM
According to this morning's Washington Post, the Bush Administration will 
support the expected FERC action today of extending the existing California 
price mitigation regime to 10 other Western states and to all days/all hours, 
not just during California emergencies (stages 1, 2 and 3).  This action 
comes only a day before FERC and other witnesses will  testify on the 
Feinstein/Smith price cap legislation before the Senate Energy Committee, 
Gov. Davis and FERC will  testify before the Senate Governmental Affairs 
Committee on Wednesday, and the House Financial Services Committee joins the 
fray with a hearing on the California energy situation on Wednesday.  The 
latter committee will probably base its jurisdiction over some aspect of 
energy policy on a number of factors, including its jurisdiction over 
presidential economic emergency powers.  The committee staff has in the past 
expressed interest in derivatives and other financial aspects of energy 
trading and markets.  We are checking now to quietly determine whether these 
issues will be on Wednesday's agenda.
Ken left a msg for me on Sunday.  He was able to return Bryson's call.  Not 
much new:
Ken got Jeff's paper
will try to reach Hertzberg on Monday.
Bryson gave an update (very consistent with yours on Fri)
Wants us to think creatively about "how to keep DWR contracts from preventing 
the comprehensive solution" and how to address the concerns of the state 
treasurer.
Ken tried to reach Pete Peterson (Blackstone) but did not make contact.
I am having lunch on Monday with Michael Isikoff, a newsweek investigative 
reporter.  He is doing yet another Ken Lay/Enron political influence story One of the things he wants to talk about though -- and I think this is a good 
sign -- is Enron's climate change policy and how it compares to the 
administration's.  What I need from you, as soon as possible, is a timeline 
(what the Administration said when -- doesn't have to be down to the day the Administrations position; and our position (and how they differ).  Borrow 
heavily from existing materials.
No need to review with policy committee.
Kalen Pieper@EES
06/14/2001 05:44 PM
All,
Please let me know by noon tomorrow if you have any issues with this 
approach.  If not, we are going to roll out this change effective close of 
business tomorrow.
Steve/Cindy, I'd suggest that we simply make this change tomorrow.  Do you 
feel the need to run it by any of the policy committee beforehand?
Kalen
Suzanne:
It is my understanding that everyone is signed off on the suggested revisions 
to the Clickathome documents relating to redeployed individuals.   Tax is.
In summary, if a person is terminated from Enron or one of its subsidiaries 
as a result of a business reorganization, the forfeiture penalty is waived The amount of the waived forfeiture penalty is added to that individuals 
income as salary (imputed income) and is subject to Federal, State, and FICA 
taxes. 
V&E and I recommend that the changes are effective as of now and not 
retroactive back to the start of the plan.  A retroactive date would weaken 
the plan as it stands and take out some of the teeth that we put in at its 
inception.
Jim
X 3 5673
To all, the severance pay plan is not affected.  Please refer to the 
original language :
Reason for this email: Gain consensus on this change 
Business Issue : Find alternatives to the PC forfeiture penalty when an 
employee who has participated in the Clickathome program is involuntarily 
terminated 
due to business reorganizations.
Proposed Alternative : Replace the cash forfeiture penalty with imputed 
income to be reported on year-end W-2.   The alternative defers or removes 
the cash impact to the    employee.  Employees moving to other Enron units 
who currently do not participate in the program such as PGE and EFS will not 
be required to    report the PC as imputed income as long as they remain in a 
wholly-owned division.
New Process :  Requires payroll administration
Timing:   Effective immediately    Question:  Do you want this retroactive to program inception?
Other Applications: The imputed income option could be expanded to all types 
of terminations. However, in doing so, would allow easier entry into the 
program
when an employee is planning to leave the company voluntarily.   No 
recommendation at this time to change the forfeiture penalty for these 
other    types of separations.
Please email me with your vote as Kalen is interested in enacting this change 
as soon as possible for the current redeployment candidates.  Thanks.
I may be adding someone to the agenda -- Vikram Pandit (recommended by Ken 
Lay and Pug Winokar)
Attached is Jeff's backgrounder in the event you call Hertzberg.
Steve:
Please review and edit as needed.  I'm on my way to airport to return to SF If you need me, please page.
Best,
Jeff
Thank you...I think
jane.m.tholt@ on 06/15/2001 11:36:01 AM
Hello!  jane.m.tholt@ has just sent you an Egreetings.com card! 
To view your greeting, simply click on this pickup window link:
If your e-mail doesn't recognize the above address as a link, simply copy and 
paste it in your browser address window If you need further help, visit our Help pages at 
Your Friends at Egreetings.com
Here it is
I set up a meeting for next Friday in Washington with Ed G. and Ralph Reed, 
starting at 7:30 am.
I think you are right.  I thought we were going to do both.
Elizabeth Tilney@EES
06/13/2001 04:51 PM
You know I love this idea , BUT I still think we need to let Ken personally 
address the "shots" he has taken.  It is just not the same to have Jeff say 
it is okay that the AG of California wants to put Ken in a cell with Spike I strongly believe we need to give Ken a forum too, as he has been at the 
center of alot of the recent noise.  I still believe a video with both of 
them is the right way to go...The State of Enron.  I think Jeff's Corner is a 
great idea too...can't we do both?  Ok, I have said this enough..I will go 
away quietly now and let the experts decide...Beth
Mary Clark@
06/13/2001 01:42 PM
Jeff 
Our Internal Communications group is continuing to look for ways to 
communicate with employees in a timely manner about hot topics that are of 
interest to them.  We're also looking to increase your exposure with 
employees.  We have a new idea, which Sherri discussed briefly with you a 
couple of weeks ago.  It's called "Jeff's Corner" and it will be a regular 
video message that will be posted on the intranet -- which can be accessed by 
99.9% of our employees 
This is how it will work.  We will tape a 2-3 minute video of you talking 
about what's top of mind at that moment.  The tone and style will be like 
your floor meetings (one of your best employee venues), casual and 
conversational.  We suggest the first topic be "The State of Enron."  There 
is a lot of talk among employees about the cheap shots we've taken as a 
company and by you and Ken, about the decline in our stock price and about 
the widespread re-deployment efforts.   These recent events are  beginning to 
affect morale.  Employees are concerned and want to be assured that we're on 
the right side, that they will have jobs, that Enron will be here next year You've helped reassure them about these things at recent floor meetings; 
however, that is only a small part of our global work force.  Having your own 
corner on the intranet will have a farther reach, and we have the capability 
to do this in-house at very low cost 
We recommend making this a regular communication feature at least monthly, 
although since this would only involve a few minutes of your time, you could 
even tape a message to employees weekly.  The nice thing about this medium is 
we have the ability to respond immediately to current events, and having you 
speak to employees gives the message credibility 
Future topics could address new cost saving procedures, update on Dabhol, the 
PRC, reasons behind an organizational announcement, The Pulse survey, etc We'd like this to be a forum where you can talk about topics you'd like to 
discuss.
I've checked with the technical team, and we have the capability do this 
now.  I will check your calendar with Sherri.  Let me know if you have any 
questions.
Mary
Would it be possible to use LiveLink to capture the information we gathered 
for the organization/budget review (such as functions of the different groups 
and the roles and responsibilities of the different individuals, budgets 
etc)?  I hate to see all that ggod information sit idle.
Please call me.
You may have seen this when it first came out a while back ... but it's worth 
a rerun.
California's dim bulbs
P J O Rourke
04/01/2001
Regulation
64
THE FINAL WORD 
CALIFORNIA IS IN THE MIDST OF AN ENORmous stupidity crisis. Californians have 
been sitting in the dark because ... they didn't turn the lights on.
They say they're short of electricity. Yes, they are. Between 1988 and 1998, 
California's electricity consumption increased by 15 percent. Meanwhile 
California's capacity to generate electricity shrank by five percent, even as 
the state hesitated to build new power lines to tap into neighboring states' 
power supplies. 
Californians didn't want dams across their rivers, derricks on their ocean, 
power lines across their borders, or fossil fuel smoke in their sky. These 
might interfere with all the smart things Californians do, such as 
hang-glide. California was going to rely on "negawatts" - dramatic power 
conservation. (But California regulators put price controls on electricity 
that lowered prices, and even Californians weren't dumb enough to skip a 
bargain.) And California was going to rely on alternative power generation. 
With all the puffery from Silicon Valley dot.com start-ups, wind farms 
wouldn't be a problem. And doesn't Gwyneth Paltrow's star shine bright enough 
to operate a solar panel? But it turns out that alternative power generation 
is an alternative, mostly, to generating power. 
Californians are people who insist on growing their own vegetables, but they 
won't dig up the pretty lawn, won't plant anything for fear of getting dirty, 
and they use fragrant bath salts from The Body Shop instead of smelly 
compost. Let them make their crudites with crab grass. President Bush was 
wrong to grant an extension of executive orders requiring out-of-state 
utilities to supply power to California. And everyone is wrong to listen to 
Californians whine about electricity deregulation. 
There never was any deregulation. The California Public Utilities Commission 
merely changed its regulations, which apparently weren't stupid enough to 
meet Golden State standards. Under California's 1996 re-regulation plan, 
electric companies sold their generating plants and became distributors. They 
were required to buy their power on the wholesale spot market and forbidden 
to enter into any long-term power supply contracts. Retail electricity prices 
were lowered by 10 percent and frozen at the new rate until March 2002. 
This is like requiring A&P to sell you porterhouse at $2 a pound, no matter 
what the price of beef on the hoof. Imagine how many steaks there would be, 
and how many supermarkets. Go to one of those boarded-up grocery stores, 
purchase a phantom T-bone, screw it into a ceiling fixture, and try to light 
your house. You're in California. 
Californians devised a system of electricity sales that ignored every 
dimension of the free market. (Interesting that the "Information Economy" is 
centered in a place that's immune to information.) The free market is a 
yardstick, and Californians got smacked with it. Mideast oil jitters, cold 
weather, natural gas price spikes, and the plain unpredictable freedom of the 
free market caused wholesale electricity costs to rise and California 
utilities to go $12 billion into the red. 
California's governor Gray Davis responded with the full force of bikini 
beach brain. In a January 8 speech to the state legislature, Davis proposed 
creating a state agency to buy generating plants and build new ones. He 
threatened to expropriate power generators and transmission grids. He called 
for laws to allow criminal prosecution of wholesale suppliers who withheld 
electricity from California markets. And he said the state's universities and 
community colleges would build co-generating plants and become energy 
independent. (With gas produced by the cafeteria food?) Gray Davis sounded 
like Joseph Stalin with the IQ of Keanu Reeves. "Everyone should understand 
that there are other, more drastic measures that I am prepared to take if I 
have to," Davis declaimed. 
"Take" is the key word. Grabby Californians tried to regulate themselves into 
some cheap electricity. Hoggish California power companies went along because 
the stateimposed retail price ceiling was also a retail price floor. 
According to the Los Angeles Times, during the first 28 months of the scheme, 
Pacific Gas and Electric and California Edison made $20 billion from the 
legally required mark-up between wholesale and retail electric prices. 
Californians want to snatch that money back. "Consumer advocates around 
California... said it did not matter that the utilities were returning 
investments to their shareholders," reported the January 31 Washington Post. 
"They took the money and ran," said state senator John Burton. As opposed to 
Californians, who took the electricity and roller-bladed? Now the juice and 
the jack are both gone, and the California legislature has had to pass a bill 
authorizing $10 billion to try to clean up the mess. 
But the Californians could still pull a scam. The bill mandates long-term 
power contracts at rates that are way above what future prices should be. The 
hope, one guesses, is that Congress, or the President, or somebody will let 
the state skip out on those contracts once the costs are lower. 
It would be wrong to call Californians stupid. They're sleazy, too. 
R J. O'Rourke is the Cato Institute's H. L. Mencken Research Fellow and is 
foreign affairs desk chief for Rolling Stone. He is author of several 
bestselling books, including Parliament of Whores, Give War a Chance, Age and 
Guile, and Eat the Rich.
Please update my bio to include Human Resources and add some boilerplate on 
Enron.
Dear Mr. Kean:
My team is pulling together the briefing books for our upcoming Highlands
Forum meeting in Carmel Valley.  These books include a list of short
biographies.  Your biography, provided to me by Dick O'Neill, currently
reads as follows:
"Mr. Steven J. Kean is Executive Vice President and Chief of Staff for Enron
Corporation.  Mr. Kean's responsibilities include government affairs, public
relations, corporate communications, advertising, and administration.  Mr.
Kean also serves on the Executive Committee of Enron.  Mr. Kean has a B.A.
from Iowa State University and a J.D. from the University of Iowa."
I wanted to provide you with the opportunity to send a slightly longer
biography, if you so desire.  The general length of our biographies is
usually roughly 15-20 lines.  If I do not hear from you, I will assume that
the above entry is fine.
We look forward to seeing you in Carmel Valley!
Warm MichSle Ledgerwood
 MichSle M. Ledgerwood
 Project Manager, Lead Analyst, and Content Developer, The Highlands Forum
 SAIC/Center for Information Strategy and Policy
 Voice: (703) 676-5131 * FAX: (703) 821-1037
 ledgerwood@stanfordalumni.org
"Man's mind stretched to a new idea never goes back to its original
dimensions." - Oliver Wendell Holmes
 Visit iMP: The Magazine on Information Impacts at  
 
 
Jeffrey Sherrick
08/31/2000 01:23 PM
FYI,   There is a rumor on Yahoo that Enron has bid for Carin Energy.  I have 
talked with Jackie Gentle in our London Office who first heard the rumor and 
we have confirmed that neither EGEP or the London office is pursuing such a 
deal.  My guess is that it is either EOGR ( I know they are pursuing an Int'l 
deal) or just a bad release.
jeff
Can one of you forward to Ed, or whoever you feel appropriate?
Nothing to do except things like this when you're trapped inside by a flood.
Looks good; nice work. Let's get it out
Vance Meyer
06/11/2001 01:02 PM
This is the demonstration procedure for Enron offices.  It has been reviewed 
by Security, Legal and at least 3 PR folks.  Provided you have no issues, I 
recommend that we put it out from Mark's machine with a tip-on note to 1) 
officers, 2) PR people, 3) security people.
Vance
fyi
Steve Kean is requesting that tape recorders be installed on the 10 ACD 
consoles that the operators use. Bomb Threats and personal threats  to Ken 
Lay have been received regularly through out the last week.
A Task Force is being formed to handle these types of calls.
Please charge this Co.0901 Rc.100158. If you need further information please 
contact me, ext.36342
This needs to be done ASAP 
Thanks 
John Brindle, David Cromley and others in the Corporate Business Controls 
group (formerly part of EBS) have been working over the last several weeks to 
make sure that we can get our people out of Dabhol if there are threats to 
their safety.  While no plan is perfectly reliable (particularly during 
monsoon season) we believe that we are as ready as we can be.
Steve,
I wanted to give you the latest figures on Enron expatriates in India.  There 
are currently 19 Enron expatriate employees based in India, accompanied by 
six dependants.  In addition, Enron has responsibility for 15 expatriate 
contractors working for DPC and Lingtec, primarily at Dabhol.  The total of 
40 expatriates for whom Enron is directly responsible is broken down by 
location as follows:  21 in Mumbai, 16 at Dabhol, and three in Baroda.  By 
company, they are broken down as follows:  Enron India -  eight plus three 
dependants; EOGIL - nine plus one dependant; EBS - one plus two dependants; 
DPC - seven; and Lingtec - nine.  These figures are likely to continue to 
trend downward; Jane Wilson's departure on Friday, for example, will reduce 
the Enron India expatriate presence to seven plus three dependants.
We are confident that the evacuation plan now in place provides the best 
possible prospect of successfully evacuating all of these expatriates in the 
event of danger.  As a contingency, the plan also includes the evacuation of 
all 137 expatriates working at the Dabhol site, although a large-scale 
evacuation from Dabhol is more problematic, especially now that the monsoon 
season has started.  A coordinated plan was needed since the limited number 
of available helicopters meant that the evacuation plans drawn up by 
individual contractors such as Bechtel were all drawing upon the same 
resources.
As you know, Enron's security situation in India remains stable.  We are in 
the final stages of implementing security upgrades for our employees and 
offices there.
Dave
Will you be filling out mine?
Sorry!
Elizabeth Linnell
06/12/2001 12:51 PM
Here comes the project we've all been waiting for!  Attached below is the 
headcount worksheet for the 2002 budget.  This data will be used to determine 
benefits amounts/percentages and insurance coverage.  Note that there are 
four pages in the workbook to be filled out 
Please return the spreadsheets to me by June 21st.  If you need any help or 
have any questions, I'm available at 713-853-3896.
Thanks!
We may be able to handle this specific issue outside the policy committee, 
but I think it would be a good idea to set the next one anyway.  I'm sure 
we'll have something we'll need to talk about.
Steve, given yesterday's conversation toward the end of the executive 
committee - i.e., countries ENE will do business in - do you think we should 
try to set up another policy committee meeting?  Jeff's schedule is pretty 
ugly for the rest of this month and early July, but could probably do 
something mid-July.  I'm not sure what Ken Lay's schedule looks like, 
though.  Please advise.  Thanks, SRS
Looks fine to me.
Maureen - please keep on file
Stan and Steve,
Below is a short email that I suggest we send as a follow up to each PRC 
meeting.  Please adjust as you feel appropriate, and I'll ask Terry Bosien to 
provide your assistant with a list of attendees after each meeting for 
distribution.  I'm traveling today, but will be back in the office Thursday If you'd like to discuss my asst Maxine (x33499) knows how to reach me, or 
you can contact Ted or Terry. 
,
Billy
___________________
Thank you for participating in the [EES] Analyst & Associate PRC meeting 
[last Friday].  The Western Hemisphere final PRC meeting for Analysts Associates is set for July 18.  The purpose of this meeting will be to review 
the collective ranking distributions, and to discuss the performance of 
individuals in categories 1 and 5.  A subset of those who participated in 
[Friday's] meeting will be selected to participate on July 18.  After the 
July 18 meeting, you will receive the ok to provide feedback to those you 
represented.  If you are not the direct supervisor of those you represented, 
it is critically important that you work with the supervisor to insure 
consistent and clear feedback and ownership of the ranking results.
If you have any questions, please feel free to contact Terry Bosien 
(x35230).  Thank you again for your contributions to this important process 
Attached is the draft.  It combines all three announcements into one, with a 
common format. It reflects a "just the facts" approach.  Let me know if you 
have changes (or answers to the questions in the text).
Per your discussion with Steve.
As we discussed The other memo will follow shortly from Maureen McVicker (my assistant).
Steve, Kevin Garland sent this to me hoping to get Jeff's approval to send it 
out from the office of the chairman.  Would it make sense to incorporate it 
into the memo you're working on?  Please advise.  Thanks, SRS
Announcing the Formation of One Corporate Equity Investing Unit
To better develop and manage equity investment opportunities related to our 
core businesses, Enron has formed one corporate equity investment unit.  This 
new unit, Enron Principal Investments, will combine the existing investment 
units of ENA, EBS and Enron Investment Partners.  Additionally, the Enron 
Special Asset Group will also become part of Enron Principal Investments The strategy of Enron Principal Investments will be to work with all the 
business units of Enron to identify, execute, and manage equity investments, 
which leverage Enron's unique and proprietary knowledge.   These investments 
may be in the form of venture capital, LBO's, traditional private equity and 
distressed debt positions 
Kevin Garland will serve as Managing Director, overseeing all activities of 
Enron Principal Investments.  Gene Humphrey, Michael Miller, Dick Lydecker, 
and their groups, will join Kevin and his group to form Enron Principal 
Investments.  This new business unit will report to an investment committee, 
consisting of Greg Whalley, Ken Rice and Dave Delainey. 
Please join me in congratulating and supporting Kevin, Gene, Michael, Dick 
and the other members of this group in this effort.
Jeff Skilling
How are we handling these now?  Last time I talked to Jeff, we weren't going 
to lift the restrictions until next week (assuming we do lift the 
restrictions).  Any word?
Scott Gilchrist@_DEVELOPMENT
08/31/2000 10:45 AM
Steve/ Cindy
Just want to state a case for this move, (before everyone starts up on the 
movement moratorium issues surronding the " EI" companies -which I understand 
is still in place).
Stella Chan (Director level) is one of 6 expats Apachi have seconded into our 
SK Enron JV in Korea. Because they all mobilized at the same time, Darrell 
Kinder and I put in place a rotation plan whereby some would leave early, 
some extend (so we didnt have everyone leaving the JV at the same time). Its 
worked well to date, and we've mamanged to keep the Partners happy with the 
moves/replacements.
Bottom line with respect to the Project Summer moratorium (in my view) is 
that because Stella will be replaced she is no longer part of the 
'intellectual capital' the buyer (or any future buyer) is seeking to retain, 
and so the move should go ahead.
Hope you concur 
Enron International
Darrell,
Stella Chan's contract will conclude March 1 2001. She had shown some desire 
to repatriate early and under the repatriation agreement I allowed her to 
start her search (six months prior). Stella's search was very quick and she 
has landed a job with the Corporate Public Affairs group under Harry 
Kingerski, who works for Rick Shapiro, who works for Steve Kean. She has set 
a preliminary job switch for October 16, 2000.
This does not cause me too much concern, for as you are aware Waymon Votaw 
who works in the Southern Cone group under John Guidry has shown a desire to 
be Stella's replacement. The timing of this could work out real well. Please 
pass this to the powers to be for approval so I may move forward with the 
next step with both individuals.
Thanks
Tony
The other memo will follow shortly from Maureen.
Steve, Kevin Garland sent this to me hoping to get Jeff's approval to send it 
out from the office of the chairman.  Would it make sense to incorporate it 
into the memo you're working on?  Please advise.  Thanks, SRS
Announcing the Formation of One Corporate Equity Investing Unit
To better develop and manage equity investment opportunities related to our 
core businesses, Enron has formed one corporate equity investment unit.  This 
new unit, Enron Principal Investments, will combine the existing investment 
units of ENA, EBS and Enron Investment Partners.  Additionally, the Enron 
Special Asset Group will also become part of Enron Principal Investments The strategy of Enron Principal Investments will be to work with all the 
business units of Enron to identify, execute, and manage equity investments, 
which leverage Enron's unique and proprietary knowledge.   These investments 
may be in the form of venture capital, LBO's, traditional private equity and 
distressed debt positions 
Kevin Garland will serve as Managing Director, overseeing all activities of 
Enron Principal Investments.  Gene Humphrey, Michael Miller, Dick Lydecker, 
and their groups, will join Kevin and his group to form Enron Principal 
Investments.  This new business unit will report to an investment committee, 
consisting of Greg Whalley, Ken Rice and Dave Delainey. 
Please join me in congratulating and supporting Kevin, Gene, Michael, Dick 
and the other members of this group in this effort.
Jeff Skilling
I'm not sure yet.  I think we are going to be sending two memos  -- one that 
I am working on and on that Andy is working on.  It looks to me like the 
message below fits better into Andy's memo.  I don't think they will be 
combined into one, but I'll know more tomorrow.
Steve, Kevin Garland sent this to me hoping to get Jeff's approval to send it 
out from the office of the chairman.  Would it make sense to incorporate it 
into the memo you're working on?  Please advise.  Thanks, SRS
Announcing the Formation of One Corporate Equity Investing Unit
To better develop and manage equity investment opportunities related to our 
core businesses, Enron has formed one corporate equity investment unit.  This 
new unit, Enron Principal Investments, will combine the existing investment 
units of ENA, EBS and Enron Investment Partners.  Additionally, the Enron 
Special Asset Group will also become part of Enron Principal Investments The strategy of Enron Principal Investments will be to work with all the 
business units of Enron to identify, execute, and manage equity investments, 
which leverage Enron's unique and proprietary knowledge.   These investments 
may be in the form of venture capital, LBO's, traditional private equity and 
distressed debt positions 
Kevin Garland will serve as Managing Director, overseeing all activities of 
Enron Principal Investments.  Gene Humphrey, Michael Miller, Dick Lydecker, 
and their groups, will join Kevin and his group to form Enron Principal 
Investments.  This new business unit will report to an investment committee, 
consisting of Greg Whalley, Ken Rice and Dave Delainey. 
Please join me in congratulating and supporting Kevin, Gene, Michael, Dick 
and the other members of this group in this effort.
Jeff Skilling
Houston has experienced catastrophic flooding. My flight has been cancelled It is conceivable that I could get out tomorrow, but I am wondering if I 
should try.  I could still make the speech if we don't get more rain, but 
given the lack of other reasons for me to go, I am considering cancelling.  I 
don't think it makes much sense for me to go for a 15 minute speech what do you think?
phone 713.621.6550
Here is a copy of the original email sent to you:
Attached is a list of our Advisory Council members.
I think you will find this group interesting and thought provoking.
Please contact me at your earliest convenience at 713-853-1586.
DEBORAH:   Please fax me Mr. Pandit's bio.  My fax number is 713-646-8160.
Also, would you email his presentation when you have it available.  Most 
presenters use Power Point - but if you have different needs, please give me 
a call at 713-853-1808.  The person to email the presentation to is Russell 
Mitchell.  His email address is     russell.mitchell@
Thanks for your assistance.
More info.
Elizabeth Tilney@EES
08/31/2000 08:57 AM
Sent by: Ruth Ann Brown@EES
Please see the attached from Beth Tilney. 
I enjoyed talking with you the other day and am happy to answer your 
questions:  both the Texas position and the Washington DC position report to 
Rick Shapiro.  From a government affairs standpoint, I've divided the world 
between Rick's group (the Americas) and Mark Schroeder's group (Europe and 
Asia).  Both Rick and Mark report to me.
Joe Allen continues as part of the Texas legislative team, working for the 
head of that group (formerly Kathleen Magruder).
Terry Thorn has taken a commercial position in Enron and no longer works on 
government affairs issues for the company (except to the extent we call on 
various executives to help from time-to-time).
STEVE: I very much appreciate your call the day before yesterday and your
asking if I would like to compete to succeed Joe Hillings as head of Enron's
Washington office. Although until that moment I hadn't thought of returning
to Washington except to serve again in national office, I would be pleased
to talk further about this opportunity with you or your recruiter.
In recalling our conversation, I realize that twice you asked if I had any
questions, and if I had been quick to take advantage of your offer, I would
have asked how government relations are handled at Enron. To whom does Joe
Hillings report: to you or to Terry Thorne? You mentioned a woman who
currently has responsibility for government relations in Texas and some
neighboring states but is leaving for another job at Enron; to whom does she
report? Then there is Joe Allen, whom I have known since our days in the
Legislature; doesn't he (also) handle Texas affairs?
I am sorry I didn't ask you all this on Tuesday. Whatever the answers, it's
clear that government relations are  much more central to the work of Enron
than at Compaq, which is why it would be a very exciting place to work.
Thanks again for your call, your courtesy, and your indulgence with this
tardy line of questioning. With best wishes, CHASE.
CHASE UNTERMEYER
Director of Government Affairs
Compaq Computer Corporation
P.O. Box 692000-110706
Houston, Texas 77269-2000
Tel: (281) 518-1093
Fax: (281) 518-1106
chase.untermeyer@compaq.com
Could you work with Allison to get the needed information to cathy.
Jeff Dasovich@EES
08/31/2000 05:15 PM
Cathy Van Way called asking my view on some names she'd been given to invite 
to the hearing.  (I continue to cajole Jessie Knight to appear.)  During the 
call, she mentioned that the committee intends to invite Steve Kean and that 
she needed someone to email here Steve's vitals so that they could write a 
letter inviting him. 
Looks good.  Some of his questions suggest he's going to include a fair 
amount of industry reaction -- which could be a mixed bag, some are clearly 
threatened by efficiencies in bw markets.  Looks like it will be a really 
good story.  He definitely appears to be excited by it.
A bit lengthy, but I think it looks fine.
Peggy Mahoney@EES
08/30/2000 12:41 PM
Attached is a draft of the Starwood press release with our initial changes in 
red.
Please review and let me know your thoughts by end of day Thursday, Aug 31 
It is clear that Starwood has several agendas with this release and, after 
talking with
them, they would prefer not to cut any of their messages.  Scheduled release 
date is
Tuesday, Sept 5.  Please feel free to call me to discuss 
Also - I've attached a map of all their US owned, franchised and leased 
property locations.
87 of the properties are owned and there are approx. 400 total in the US.
This is the e-mail I was talking about.
James M Wood@EES
08/30/2000 09:11 AM
Mona,  If you can get the opt-in removed it would be a great benefit to our 
effort.  6.5 cents is well below market at this point  and we can not compete 
against it.  I understand there is a true-up but do we know how this will 
work?  Given the lack market intelligence I would suspect customers will 
opt-in just because the price cap is lower than offers in the market Please, do everything possible to remove this opt-in.  Thanks
Mona L Petrochko
08/29/2000 04:38 PM
AB 265 passed through the Senate a few minutes ago.  It now must go to the 
Assembly, where there is still a lot of uncertainty about what changes the 
Assembly will want to the bill.  We still haven't seen the latest 
"republican" language.
Also, AB 265 is double joined to AB 970, controversial siting bill.  To the 
extent one or the other fails, they both fail.
AB 265 (Davis/Alpert) has:
1.  a 6.5 cent/kWh energy rate cap through 2002, with potential extension 
through 2003.
2.  Applicable to residential, small commercial (up to 100 kW)
3.  Opt-in provision for large industrial/agricultural customers at 6.5 cents 
with an annual true-up
4.  Use of revenues from utility generation assets (including PPA) to offset 
undercollections.
5.  Reasonableness review for San Diego G&E
Will update with more information as available.
No news about SCE.
I do support the change.  Let me know what I can do to help.  You are 
correct: this is the way we handle regulatory counsel in other regions, 
particularly the US.  What Derrick and I have agreed with regard to counsel 
selection is:  gov't/reg affairs picks the counsel we want to use and he 
retains a veto, which has rarely if ever been exercised.  Once we have 
retained counsel we will use that counsel on other regulatory projects unless 
the legal department starts to have a problem with the firm (eg because they 
represent someone against us in litigation).  Again, I don't recall this ever 
being an issue.  It seems to work:  outside counsel gets the message that we 
will look dimly on any firm that squares off against us and we select the 
most qualified counsel on our issues.
Mark Schroeder@ECT
09/01/2000 06:18 AM
You should be receiving today a copy of my draft budget proposed for Enron 
Europe for 2001.  I understand from Nick that they are doing their own budget 
for Enron Japan, which I will see only after the fact.
MOST IMPORTANTLY, you will see that I am budgetting to pay a substantial sum 
for legal fees.  I will be proposing to John Sherriff, Michael Brown (our new 
COO and former General Counsel, which will make my proposal doubly 
problematic), and to Mark Evans (current General Counsel) that I pay/manage 
our outside regulatory counsel.  We can discuss (rather than do a lengthy 
e-mail), but having this function managed by Legal (and Houston/Jim Derrick 
rejecting our choice of counsel in important cases), is increasingly a 
problem.  I believe this will mirror what you do in the USA, e.g., Dan 
Watkiss, and hope that I can count on your support for this change.  thansk  
mcs
Please send the economist piece around.
Mark Schroeder@ECT
09/01/2000 06:09 AM
I may have missed it in your many e-mails, but if you had not seen it, The 
Economist of 26 August has an excellent piece on the lessons of California 
(p. 16 of European edition).  California botched it, Pennsylvania did better, 
and California's problems are no reason to shrink from deregulation.   mcs  
No, I had the right date from our previous communications.
Nicholas O'Day
08/31/2000 09:25 PM
I have noticed a fairly significant typo in the note below. The correct date 
for the key note address is 26 October, as set out in my first note. Did that 
impact on the issue of availability?
Nicholas O'Day
08/31/2000 08:01 PM
Ken Lay Visit. Following discussions with the Prime Minister's office and a 
quick check with venues 31 October is firming up as the preferred date for a 
meeting with the Prime Minister and an office opening by the PM. 
Jeff Skilling Visit. The Nikkei and the Tokyo University have now made the 
decision to invite Mr Skilling to give the key note address at the symposium 
on 26 November in Tokyo. As mentioned, the symposium is the most prestigious 
conference on IT in Japan.
While the conference itself receives significant media attention, the 
President of Nikkei has offered to interview Mr Skilling. This honour is 
usually reserved for Heads of State. The interview will be featured on the 
front page of the Nikkei and picked up by other major media services.
kind  
Nicholas O'Day
08/29/2000 07:43 PM
Ken Lay Visit. Balancing the need to push out the arrangement of high level 
meetings as far as possible with the desire to have a meeting with Prime 
Minister Mori prior to the US Presidential election, the week commencing 30 
October would be the optimum time for a visit by Mr Lay. PM Mori is generally 
available in that week. We will get a preferred time from the PM's chief 
secretary first thing tomorrow morning Tokyo time. 
Jeff Skilling Visit. The boards of Nikkei and Tokyo University Institute of 
Advanced Studies have yet to make a decision on the key note speaker for the 
one day invitation only seminar to be held on 26 October. As mentioned, the 
boards will choose between the chairman of Cisco and Jeff Skilling. The 
conference is focused on the IT revolution and an invitation only event for 
approximately 600 of Japan's corporate leaders.
The speaking panel and topics for discussion will be developed around the key 
note speaker. If Mr Skilling were to give the key note speech, it is likely 
that key senior Government Ministers would be asked to present at the 
seminar. 
Following the Prime Minister's commitment at the Okinawa summit of 
US$15billion expenditure in the region on IT infrastructure and education, 
Japan's focus on e-commerce is almost reaching fever pitch. There will be 
significant interest in the conference from senior levels of Government and 
the business community. Further, as you would expect with the involvement of 
the Nikkei, there is typically significant media coverage associated with the 
key note speaker's presentation.
kind  
When we have described the problems and solutions for California we have 
focussed on generation siting and flexibility to hedge.  We have stayed away 
from transmission issues on the assumption that California, with its ISO and 
PX, does not suffer from the same discrimination issues as other parts of the 
country.  Is this true?  Does California's system layer in priorities for 
utility use of the system -- eg doesn't PG&E control "path 15"?  Does that 
control provide advantageous access to PG&E?  Are there other examples and 
are there links between these "preferences" and the current problems in 
California?  As we are trying to convert reliability and pricing concerns 
into FERC action these would be helpful arguments to have available to us.
calendar
Celeste Roberts@ECT
08/29/2000 06:21 PM
URGENT
The Associate and Analyst Recruiting Department will be conducting a number 
of two hour workshops to review our recruiting and interview process for the 
fall on-campus recruiting effort.  Critical information regarding our 
on-campus interview process, revised evaluation forms and program structure 
will be reviewed during these two hours sessions.
It is mandatory that all team members attend these workshops.  All team 
members must attend in order to articulate and demonstrate the Enron 
recruiting process.  Knowing how busy schedules are, we have made 
arrangements to present these workshops in two hours sessions for a total of  
40 workshops that will run during the last week of August, through the month 
of September and end at mid October.
Listed below are the dates, location and times for each session.  Please 
select a date and time and e-mail this information to my assistant, Dolores 
Muzzy.  We can accommodate 25 participants at a time.  Dolores will take 
dates and times on a first come, first serve basis.  We have scheduled enough 
sessions to accommodate every member of both the Associate and Analyst 
recruiting teams.
In order to participate in the recruiting process, you must attend one of 
these sessions.  We will be tracking participation.  CPE credits will also be 
given for attending this workshop.
what does the siting bill provide for?
Mona L Petrochko@EES
08/29/2000 04:38 PM
AB 265 passed through the Senate a few minutes ago.  It now must go to the 
Assembly, where there is still a lot of uncertainty about what changes the 
Assembly will want to the bill.  We still haven't seen the latest 
"republican" language.
Also, AB 265 is double joined to AB 970, controversial siting bill.  To the 
extent one or the other fails, they both fail.
AB 265 (Davis/Alpert) has:
1.  a 6.5 cent/kWh energy rate cap through 2002, with potential extension 
through 2003.
2.  Applicable to residential, small commercial (up to 100 kW)
3.  Opt-in provision for large industrial/agricultural customers at 6.5 cents 
with an annual true-up
4.  Use of revenues from utility generation assets (including PPA) to offset 
undercollections.
5.  Reasonableness review for San Diego G&E
Will update with more information as available.
No news about SCE.
Skilling will be speaking at the National Press Club next week.  He'll give 
an overview of Enron's business, talk about what's going on in power markets, 
and what should be done to fix the current problems.  California will get 
covered as well.  Other than what we have already discussed, is there 
anything Jeff should know or address in his remarks?
Mona L Petrochko@EES
08/29/2000 04:38 PM
AB 265 passed through the Senate a few minutes ago.  It now must go to the 
Assembly, where there is still a lot of uncertainty about what changes the 
Assembly will want to the bill.  We still haven't seen the latest 
"republican" language.
Also, AB 265 is double joined to AB 970, controversial siting bill.  To the 
extent one or the other fails, they both fail.
AB 265 (Davis/Alpert) has:
1.  a 6.5 cent/kWh energy rate cap through 2002, with potential extension 
through 2003.
2.  Applicable to residential, small commercial (up to 100 kW)
3.  Opt-in provision for large industrial/agricultural customers at 6.5 cents 
with an annual true-up
4.  Use of revenues from utility generation assets (including PPA) to offset 
undercollections.
5.  Reasonableness review for San Diego G&E
Will update with more information as available.
No news about SCE.
yes  --  just make sure the working group leaders know.
Maureen McVicker
12/30/99 02:56 PM
SK - STILL OK TO KEEP ADDING PEOPLE?  mm
Jeffrey Keeler@
12/30/99 02:26 PM
Elizabeth, Ginger or Maureen (I apologize that I don't know which one of you 
is handling this issue):
Could you please add the listed individuals from Federal Government Affairs 
to the following working groups, as selected by Joe Hillings:
International Support for EES - Steve Burns
International Support for ECI - Chris Long
International Support for EWC - Chris Long
Information Resources - Jeff Keeler
Thank you.
Jeff
Look at this.  Baum finally speaks up  -- way too late.
Can somebody tell me what SDG&E's energy rate was pre-dereg?
F.Y.I.
California Lawmakers Vote to Limit Power Costs 
By Rebecca Smith 
09/01/2000 
The Wall Street Journal 
Page A4 
California lawmakers voted to extend modest relief to San Diego residents 
burdened with
high electricity bills and set the groundwork for faster construction of 
badly needed power
plants. They stopped short, however, of passing legislation that would roll 
back retail power
rates to levels seen prior to deregulation .
Late Wednesday, lawmakers sent a bill to Gov. Gray Davis that limits to 6.5 
cents per
kilowatt hour the amount that small customers of San Diego Gas & Electric 
Co. can be
charged. The utility is allowed to add power-delivery and other reasonable 
costs to that
commodity price.
The price, equivalent to a bulk power cost of $65 per megawatt hour, is far 
higher than the
average price of power for 27 of the 31 months in which California's market 
has been
deregulated. But in June and July, the average price of power obtained by 
the utility from a
state-sanctioned energy auction rose to 12 cents and 10.5 cents, 
respectively, compared
with the 2.3 cents and 2.8 cents charged in those months a year earlier.
Passed directly through to customers,the resulting bills sparked a near 
mutiny. The
rate-cap measure applies to residential and small commercial customers, as 
well as to
schools and hospitals.
In addition to the rate cap, which can be adjusted upward or downward by 
the California
Public Utilities Commission until December 2002, the legislature earmarked 
$150 million of
general-fund revenue, which can be used to subsidize San Diego power costs 
if they greatly
exceed the 6.5-cents-per-kilowatt-hour rate. For now, the utility would be 
expected to make
up any difference between revenue collected and the actual cost.
Steve Baum, chairman of Sempra Energy, parent of San Diego Gas & Electric 
Co., said the
rate-cap measure is "deeply flawed" because it limits the amount prices can 
rise but sets
no floor. That means any shortfall could grow -- without a mechanism for 
customers to pay
it down -- until the end of the rate-cap period, which could last until 
December 2002 or
December 2003.
Mr. Baum said Sempra stands to suffer an undercollection of perhaps $664 
million, provided
future prices approximate the New York Mercantile Exchange forward prices 
through
December 2002. "It's irreparably damaging to Sempra," he said because it 
"creates
tremendous uncertainty" that makes it hard for the San Diego energy company 
to finance
new projects such as a new transmission line.
The legislature also appeared likely to approve a bill speeding up the 
permit process for the
construction of new power plants, in part by beefing up staffs of 
regulatory agencies that
review the plans. 
They refer to expedited siting.  What are the provisions?
F.Y.I.
California Lawmakers Vote to Limit Power Costs 
By Rebecca Smith 
09/01/2000 
The Wall Street Journal 
Page A4 
California lawmakers voted to extend modest relief to San Diego residents 
burdened with
high electricity bills and set the groundwork for faster construction of 
badly needed power
plants. They stopped short, however, of passing legislation that would roll 
back retail power
rates to levels seen prior to deregulation .
Late Wednesday, lawmakers sent a bill to Gov. Gray Davis that limits to 6.5 
cents per
kilowatt hour the amount that small customers of San Diego Gas & Electric 
Co. can be
charged. The utility is allowed to add power-delivery and other reasonable 
costs to that
commodity price.
The price, equivalent to a bulk power cost of $65 per megawatt hour, is far 
higher than the
average price of power for 27 of the 31 months in which California's market 
has been
deregulated. But in June and July, the average price of power obtained by 
the utility from a
state-sanctioned energy auction rose to 12 cents and 10.5 cents, 
respectively, compared
with the 2.3 cents and 2.8 cents charged in those months a year earlier.
Passed directly through to customers,the resulting bills sparked a near 
mutiny. The
rate-cap measure applies to residential and small commercial customers, as 
well as to
schools and hospitals.
In addition to the rate cap, which can be adjusted upward or downward by 
the California
Public Utilities Commission until December 2002, the legislature earmarked 
$150 million of
general-fund revenue, which can be used to subsidize San Diego power costs 
if they greatly
exceed the 6.5-cents-per-kilowatt-hour rate. For now, the utility would be 
expected to make
up any difference between revenue collected and the actual cost.
Steve Baum, chairman of Sempra Energy, parent of San Diego Gas & Electric 
Co., said the
rate-cap measure is "deeply flawed" because it limits the amount prices can 
rise but sets
no floor. That means any shortfall could grow -- without a mechanism for 
customers to pay
it down -- until the end of the rate-cap period, which could last until 
December 2002 or
December 2003.
Mr. Baum said Sempra stands to suffer an undercollection of perhaps $664 
million, provided
future prices approximate the New York Mercantile Exchange forward prices 
through
December 2002. "It's irreparably damaging to Sempra," he said because it 
"creates
tremendous uncertainty" that makes it hard for the San Diego energy company 
to finance
new projects such as a new transmission line.
The legislature also appeared likely to approve a bill speeding up the 
permit process for the
construction of new power plants, in part by beefing up staffs of 
regulatory agencies that
review the plans. 
fyi
Public Relations	
What are you doing on Labor Day? 
In between the hamburgers, hotdogs, homemade ice cream and occasional dip in 
the pool that many of you will undoubtedly be enjoying Monday, be sure to 
take a few minutes to turn your TV set to the Jerry Lewis Labor Day Muscular 
Dystrophy (MDA) Telethon on NBC.  At 1:10 p.m., Enron's own Linda Jenkins 
will present a $100,000 check to Jerry's Houston team.  The donation, which 
will benefit research for ALS (amyotrophic lateral sclerosis, also known as 
Lou Gehrig's disease -- the disease Linda has been living with for the past 
three years), was raised by devoted friends and volunteers at the Enron/MDA 
Beach Bowl held in July 
Thanks to all of you who raised money for this cause that is close to our 
hearts at Enron.   And have a happy and safe holiday.
Yes, thanks.  Lay is going to be giving the keynote.  It may be a hard story 
to assemble: the gas market is deregulated and structured pretty much the way 
we would like to see it done in both gas and power markets, yet we still have 
high prices.  It's a bit of a stretch to blame it all on OPEC.  I'm 
interested in any views you may have.
David Haug@_DEVELOPMENT
09/01/2000 10:30 PM
I assume you are involved in this but just in case... - - -DLH
Daniel Yergin  Mr. David Haug 
Chairman and CEO 
Enron Caribbean Basin 
Dear Mr. Haug: 
I am writing to bring your attention to an important and timely event that 
will be held on September 20th at the Hyatt Regency Columbus, in Columbus, 
Ohio - "The Governors' Natural Gas Summit: Responding to the Challenge." This 
event is convened by the Interstate Oil and Gas Compact Commission (IOGCC Co-chaired by Alaska Governor Tony Knowles, IOGCC Chairman and Ohio Governor 
Bob Taft, with the participation of other governors, this forum promises to 
be an outstanding exchange of ideas among leaders of government, energy 
producers, transporters, distributors, and end-users on the subject of the 
current and long-term outlook for natural gas resources and markets in North 
America. A very distinguished group of speakers is assembling, including 
senior government officials and senior executives of companies critically 
involved in the energy value chain.
Primary Goals of the Summit include: 
* Exploring and clearly communicating the current dynamics of the natural gas 
market 
* Informing the industry and the public about the current and future supply 
potential for gas 
* Providing governmental and industry leaders with an opportunity to discuss 
natural gas in the context of national energy policy, with the input of 
interested State Governors.
The Interstate Oil and Gas Compact Commission (IOGCC) and the governors have 
asked CERA to help organize the Summit and has invited senior CERA staff to 
moderate panel discussions on the Natural Gas Marketplace and the Supply 
Response for North America. In addition, I will be providing an opening 
framework for participants and contributing to the wrap-up of the Summit at 
the close of the day with the governors.? We are very pleased to be working 
with the governors and with the IOGCC and its executive director, Christine 
Hansen.
We hope that you can join us for this important event, and encourage you to 
view the Summit agenda on the IOGCC Web-site at: 
Got your message.  I'm testifying at the Congressional hearing and Dasovich 
is covering FERC.  I think Jeff's comments were taken out of context.  He 
said policymakers do need to take care of small customers whose bills are 
tripling.  Frankly, we'd get slaughtered if we said anything else.  But he 
also said there is a right way and a wrong way to do it.  Enron and others 
had provided a market based answer by offering a fixed price deal to SDG&E 
(which would have enabled them to cap rates to those who had not switched California elected instead to cap rates and deficit spend (ie create a 
deferral account).  I don't think we can stand for anything that doesn't 
protect the small customers, but we can continue to emphasize the market 
based solutions.  One of the messages in my testimony will be: customers 
should be encouraged to choose.  Those who did are doing fine.
Thaniks for the note.  Christie is now organizing our university 
relationships, so direct the communication to her.  Thanks again
David Merrill@_DEVELOPMENT
09/09/2000 05:59 AM
Dear Steve:   Last month while at my reunion at the Fletcher School of Law 
and Diplomacy
at Tufts University, some of the school officials told me that Enron has 
hired about eight 
Fletcher graduates recently and is happy with them.   The school is also 
happy and wants
to strengthen its relationship with Enron.   They had earlier this year 
contacted a Laura 
Kalmans, Director of Community Development at Enron, to discuss various ideas 
for cooperation 
with Enron that would strengthen our capacity in environmental matters and 
give the students
exposure to real world issues, but nothing happened and they lost contact 
They asked me who they should contact to find out how to pursue this and I 
said 
I thought it might be you or someone under you.    They now want to send a 
letter
to someone at Enron on this proposal.  It is OK if it is addressed to you or 
should I tell
them another name?   Please advise me how to steer them in the right 
direction 
Many thanks.  David Merrill
Laura Karch  Dear Ambassador Merrill,
I understand that you and Betsy Ginsberg had a conversation at reunion last 
month about a possible
partnership between the Fletcher School and Enron.  Thank you for generously 
offering to help us
explore this connection.  We believe there are strong synergies between 
Professor Bill Moomaw's
International Environment and Resource Policy program and Enron's business 
model.  There is
currently a strong recruiting relationship between Enron and Fletcher; there 
are nine Fletcherites
at Enron at this time.  I'm confident that our strong recruiting relationship 
is a solid first step
from which to launch an even stronger partnership.
In order to explore expanding this relationship Ms. Elise Kalmans, Director 
of Community
Development, agreed to arrange a meeting for Bill and me last spring Unfortunately, the scheduling
did not work out, and Ms. Kalmans then began a maternity leave so we had 
trouble identifying a new
point of contact.
I appreciate your suggestion that we aim to work through Stephen Kean.  As 
Senior Vice President for
Public and Environmental and Government Affairs, he does sound like the ideal 
contact with whom to
discuss Professor Moomaw's program and its students. How do you suggest we 
proceed?  Should we send
a letter from Interim Dean Trachtman to ask if Mr. Kean would be willing to 
meet with Professor
Moomaw?  May I mention that you suggested we write him?
At Betsy's suggestion, I have attached the presentation outline we prepared 
for Enron, along with
the letter we originally mailed to Elise.  I would be very interested in any 
suggestions you may
have.  If you have any trouble opening the powerpoint file or word document, 
please let me know and
I would be happy to mail or fax them.  Thank you again for your kind offer of 
assistance.
Sincerely,
Laura Karch
Associate Director, External Relations
Fletcher School of Law and Diplomacy
617-627-2720
- IERP enron.ppt
- enron Kalmans.doc
What day is this on?
Becky Bruce
09/11/2000 02:05 PM
Hi everyone!  Thank you to all who attended the MBA presentation last week I think it was a great success!
Below are the details for the Rice Partio 
Location:  Rice Campus - Herring Hall  ( in front of building, on "patio Time:  5:30 pm to 7:30 pm (Students begin the event at 4:30 pm; however, 
companies arrive at 5:30 pm)
Dress:  Casual
Please RSVP by replying to this message with a yes or a no.  I want to make 
sure I have name tags for all participating.
Thanks again!  I look forward to meeting everyone soon.
Becky Bruce
The attachments are missing.
Attached are copies of the recent Enron Advisory Council presentations 
Please see attached.
Peggy Mahoney@EES
09/12/2000 11:19 AM
Can I plez have a copy of Steve's testimony from yesterday in San Diego?
Thanks
Peggy 
Contact Dave Parquet and Jeff Dasovich in our San Fran. office.  Dave has 
worked on Enron's proposals to San Diego and Jeff has been supporting him 
from a gov't/reg affairs standpoint.
Steve:
Chris Holmes recommended I contact you concerning the attached inquiry.  I 
recently met with a federal representative from San Diego who had asked if I 
could send him any information on Enron's ability to hedge energy prices After a summer of rolling brown outs and soaring prices, he is looking for 
ways to avoid the scenario in the future.
Could you recommend the best avenue for responding to this request?
I appreciate you assistance in this matter.
,
Michael
x 35868
Chris Holmes@EES
08/16/00 06:46 AM
glad  to hear you are in  a good place-- I suggest you call Steve Kean's 
office, regulatory affairs as they would like the contact with the Cong. 
office-- they will in turn follow-up 
Best to you and the family. Drop by sometime,. I am in room 1212.
chris
Hello Chris:
I hope you and your family are doing well.  I am sorry to have fallen out of 
touch.
I was thinking of you recently wen speaking with a Congressional 
representative from San Diego.  After a summer of rolling brown outs and  
increasing prices from the utilities, he was searching for an energy 
solution.  Who would be the best contact within EES or ENA to explore the 
possibilities for the city of San Diego?
I look forward to hearing from you.
,
Michael
I won't be able to attend.  Let me know if I need to be hooked up by phone or 
if you will just brief me afterward.
Paul Kaufman@ECT
12/28/99 04:42 PM
Sierra called today to inform us that they intend to complete their internal 
review of the Oregon PUC filing by the beginning of next week.   They want 
our input by the end of next week, and to that end are scheduling a meeting 
in Reno for either 1/5 or 1/6.  Please let me know if you plan on attending 
the meeting 
Let me know when and where.
Michael Terraso
09/12/2000 07:43 PM
fyi mike
Joseph W Sutton@_DEVELOPMENT
09/12/2000 09:47 AM
Sent by: Pam Benson@_DEVELOPMENT
As part of our commitment to responsible business practices around the world,=20
we have recently launched a Corporate Responsibility function at Enron.  The=20
further development, implementation and ultimate success of this effort will=20
depend upon the participation and coordination of the business units and=20
regions.
To that end, we are launching a Corporate Responsibility task force, which I=20
will chair.  The roles of this task force will include developing and=20
coordinating social and environmental policies, strategy, and information=20
among the Enron business units; monitoring alignment of business activities=20
with corporate responsibility goals; and providing a forum for business units=20
to share issues and develop a consistent strategy.  Kelly Kimberly, Senior=20
Vice President of Corporate Responsibility, and also of Marketing=20
Communication and Public Relations for Enron Broadband Services, will lead=20
the overall corporate responsibility initiative.  Additionally, because of=20
their interest and experience working on these issues, Paula Rieker, Mark=20
Schroeder and Rob Walls have already volunteered to represent their=20
respective business units on the task force.
As a leader at Enron, I am seeking your participation, support and=20
leadership.  I am asking the head of each business unit or major corporate=20
function to either participate personally or designate a VP-or-higher level=20
individual to serve as a member of the task force.  I look forward to your=20
organization=01,s participation.
The first task force meeting will be in Houston from 10:00 a.m. to 2:00 p.m. =20
Please choose one of the dates listed below, note your designee, and respond=20
to Stacy Walker by Tuesday, September 19, by fax at 713-646-3248, or by phone=20
at 713-853-3583.  Additional details, such as an agenda and a meeting=20
location, will follow.
October 3 _____    October 25     _____
October 4 _____   Designee _________________________
Thanks.
Joe
I am going to copy Phillippe Bibi (Chief Technology Officer) and Cindy Olson 
(EVP-HR).  Please put someone in touch with Chris.  Thanks
Steve - Can you please direct me who in Houston should be notified about this 
legislation...my guess is someone in HR 
Thanks - Chris
Larry Fineran  URGENT ACTION REQUESTED
On Thursday, September 14, the Subcommittee on the Constitution of the House
Committee on the Judiciary is slated to consider H.R. 4908, the Notice of
Electronic Monitoring Act.  H.R. 4908 is sponsored by Subcommittee Chairman
Charles Canady (R-FL-12) and cosponsored by subcommittee member Bob Barr
(R-GA-7).  The bill would require employers to notify employees about
electronic monitoring.  The National Association of Manufacturers urges its
members to notify their employees about internal monitoring practices.
Nevertheless, H.R. 4908 is being placed on a fast track that could allow for
many unintended consequences.  The NAM urges you to contact the Subcommittee
on the Constitution at (202) 226-7680 and subcommittee members (see below)
to urge postponement.
Message:
The September 6 hearing on H.R. 4908 was not well advertised and did not
include the views and concerns of employers.
Because of the nature of computers and other electronic equipment, any
"electronic monitoring" bill has to be carefully written so that it does not
interfere with other fiduciary and legal responsibilities of employers.
This is far too important an issue to "rush through" the process.
For more information, call Larry Fineran at (202) 637-3174 or e-mail him at
lfineran@nam.org.
Subcommittee Members:
Charles Canady (R-FL-12), Chair -- (202) 225-1252
Henry Hyde (R-IL-6) -- (202) 225-4561
Asa Hutchinson (R-AR-3) --   (202) 225-4301
Spencer Bachus (R-AL-6) --  (202) 225-4921
Bob Goodlatte (R-VA-6) --  (202) 225-5431
Bob Barr (R-GA-7) --  (202) 225-2931
William Jenkins (R-TN-1) --  (202) 225-6356
Lindsay Graham (R-SC-3) --  (202) 225-5301
Mel Watt (D-NC-12), Ranking Member -- (202) 225-1510
Maxine Waters (D-CA-35) --  (202) 225-2201
Barney Frank (D-MA-4) --  (202) 225-5931
John Conyers (D-MI-14) --  (202) 225-5126
Jerry Nadler (D-NY-8) --  (202) 225-5635
Here it is.
Peggy Mahoney@EES
09/12/2000 11:19 AM
Can I plez have a copy of Steve's testimony from yesterday in San Diego?
Thanks
Peggy 
calendar
Rob Bradley
09/12/2000 11:01 AM
Ken:
I have invited the following individuals to join us at the 3 pm Thursday 
meeting to review the draft of your Columbus speech on the natural gas 
situation.
Hamd Alhkayat--Hamd has replaced Andrew Miles in the rotation and will be 
helping me with your presentations as well as being the lead with Jeff's 
speeches.
Shelley Corman--Shelley has been developing messages for the current and 
anticipated gas situation and pipeline safety for the gas pipeline group (The safety issue could come up in your Q&A.)
Stinson Gibner--Stinson is with the research group that has generated some of 
the more complex slides in your draft dealing with volatility and historic 
futures pricing.
Gil Muhl--Gil markets gas products to customers and is speaking at an AGA 
conference on the gas supply and price situation the day before your talk His group is focusing on new products to help end-users with winter 
volatility.  I have asked Gil to send you his presentation as well for the 
meeting.
Back to your presentation (the draft slides of which I am delivering to you 
today), Dan Yergin thought it would be appropriate for you to give an 
overview of the situation as the "teacher" or "professor."  Some questions 
that you could address would include:
Where has the industry come from, and what lessons have we learned?
How is the business different today?
What public policy conclusions are implicit in this history?
I think our comparative advantage over the specialists who will be presenting 
before and after your keynote is that you have "been there" in the evolution 
of the natural gas market, and Enron is at the forefront of helping customers 
deal with price and supply uncertainty.  There is also a good opportunity to 
stress the need for new industry "best practices" (more hedging) and the 
right public policies to deal with this issue (from "do no harm" to expanding 
incentives in the market).
- Rob
The PAC did not give the money.  PAC contributions to federal candidates are 
limited.  The money was a combination of individual contributions Ken 
solicited and soft money donations to the Republican Party.
09/12/2000 10:33 AM
Erin Rice
Erin Rice
Erin Rice
09/12/2000 10:33 AM
09/12/2000 10:33 AM
I think I understand why people get confused now.  See below, in blue.....  I 
know you mean the Enron PAC has contributed more than $615k to the Bush 
campaign (right?), but it reads like Enron Corp gave money directly to Bush It's a complicated issue -- which I am hoping to simplify with my story!  I'm 
going to use the second quote below in the article.
Money and Business/Financial Desk; Section 3
Personal Business
On Workplace Sleeves, Few Political Hearts
By MELINDA LIGOS
09/10/2000
The New York Times
Page 10, Column 2
c. 2000 New York Times Company
An example is Enron, the Houston energy conglomerate, which even suggests how 
much employees should give.
Kenneth L. Lay, the chairman, recently sent top executives a memo on his 
stationery asking them to contribute
$1,000 each to the Bush campaign, said Steven J. Kean, an executive vice 
president. This year, Enron and its
employees have contributed more than $615,000 to the Bush campaign, he said. 
But there are limits, even at companies like Enron. ''We might tell employees 
to go out and vote, but nobody tells
them who to vote for or passes out brochures,'' Mr. Kean said. ''That kind of 
thing is just not acceptable in today's
workplace 
Photos: Rosa Erives, at her Denver apartment, was a delegate to the 
Democratic National Convention but does not
discuss politics at work. (Essdras M. Suarez for The New York Times); Daniel 
Lysk draws a parallel between the
time he spends at work sending e-mail messages about animal rights and the 
time other employees take to smoke
cigarettes. (Karen Segrave for The New York Times)
Enron Energy Services
See below.  VEPCO  intends to challenge the USMDW privatization.  More 
details to come.
Robert C Williams@_DEVELOPMENT
09/11/2000 04:39 PM
I have scheduled a meeting with Larry Adams, the Asst. U.S. Attorney, and 
Doug Kornreich, the Corps lawyer, for Wednesday at 10:30 AM.  Doug tells me 
that VEPCO has told him that it plans to file a challenge to the GAO's 
decision in the Court of Federal Claims this week.  I have also spoken to 
Andy Holloman;  we will call him from the Venable office for a "download" on 
the Colorado case.
Ideas on D.C. counsel?  V&E or Venable are the logical choices;  offhand I 
would propose V&E.
Stelzer@aol.com on 09/11/2000 12:52:03 PM
As promised, here are the notes from which I spoke on Friday.
- Enron on Calif. crisis 9-7-00.doc
Michael A Sadler  Dear Steven:
Just to refresh your memory ... we met in June to discuss future job
prospects at Enron.  At that time, you had offered to get me in touch with
someone in the Finance Division (?) at Enron to discuss similar topics.  I
am sorry to bother you with matters such as this, but I am still very
interested in a position with Enron and would like to follow through on
this offer, if you are still willing.  As an aside, another contact gave
me the name of Rob Bradley and suggested that I get in touch with him.  I
don't know if that is who you had in mind, or not.
I am moving my wife to Houston next week, and will be available to meet
any time from Friday, August 4 until Thursday, August 10.  After that, I
leave for a conference in Seattle, but will back in Houston for one day on
Thursday, August 17th.
As for my timetable (which at the time you had told me to keep you
apprised of), I will continue in my position at K-State for the Fall
semester.  After that, I'm a free man.  I have a couple of academic offers
for temporary positions in the Spring, one at Rice and one at UT-Austin.
The latter is very appealing, but would require my absence from home
during the weeks.  As such, I am still wide open beginning in January.
In spite of the fact that I awoke at 3:30AM in order to get to the
airport the day that I met Jim Steffes and you, I got a lot out of our
meeting.  I was very impressed with Enron and what you had to say, and am
hopeful about future prospects with the company.  I remain very interested
in a future position at Enron, and perhaps in Public and Government
Affairs (I hope I have that right).
Thank you for everything.  I hope that you had a nice vacation.
Sincerely,
Mike Sadler
Michael A. Sadler
Assistant Professor
Department of Economics
Kansas State University
320 Waters Hall
Manhattan, KS  66506
(785) 532-4574
(785) 532-6919 (fax)
msadler@ksu.edu
attached is a copy of my california testimony.  The proceeding was somewhat 
productive, but turned into a witch hunt at a couple of points.  Our view on 
this is:  the problem is fairly straightforward (demand increases and new 
supplies are inhibited so prices go up and shortages ensue ... sound 
familiar?) and the solutions are straightforward (site the power plants 
suppliers are begging to build, let the utilities hedge outside the exchange, 
and finish the job of opening the interstate grid so power can get from where 
it is to where it is needed).
What it comes down to at this point is FERC is the only entity with the 
authority to start fixing this problem now:  Congress isn't going to get 
anything done this year and the California legislature is (thankfully) out of 
session now.  Our political leaders need to give FERC the room they need to 
act.
Good luck on your speech and give me a call sometime.
Attached is my testimony.
Looks like a full slate; you're off to a great start.
Maureen -- please put times and locations on my calendar as an fyi.
Sarah Palmer@ECT
01/05/2000 02:24 PM
Steve:
Attached are the eSpeak events currently scheduled for 2000.  Please review 
at your convenience.
Have a great day!
The eThink Team
Please see the attached document regarding the call to Gov. Davis
Cynthia, get back to Jeff on this.  It doesn't look like a high priority to 
me, but I will absolutely defer to your judgment.
FYI, Is this something we should look at?    Jeff
No plans, but I thought you might be. We could always send someone. I can go 
if you want.
are you going?
WEFA Energy  Dear Colleague,
On September 25, Senator Murkowski will be addressing this year's US
Association for Energy Economics Conference.  In addition, this year's
Conference will offer unique insights on 5 market segments:
Jim Sweeney, Stanford University, is chairing a half-day program on
new transportation technologies and their implications for vehicle producers
and fuel producers.
Steve Warwick, Koch Energy, is chairing a half-day program on
optimizing profitability in the fuel & power generation market.
Steve Connors, MIT,  is chairing a half-day program on exploiting
the opportunities that are unfolding as the electric industry moves from
Ratebase to Revenues.
Louise Burke, NYMEX, is hosting a half-day program on the expansion
of financial market instruments as a risk management tool in the power
industry.
Peter Davies, BP/Amoco, has invited notable energy industry speakers
to discuss global developments in energy markets.
These programs will bring leaders of the energy market together to discuss
the dramatic transformation of the industry -- and how to profit from them.
Please register today for the US Association for Energy Economics Conference
to be held Sept. 25-27 in Philadelphia. We look forward to seeing you at the
conference.
You may register on the web at www.usaee.org/conferences/index.asp
< 
Sincerely,
Mary Novak
Program Chair, USAEE Conference 2000,
Senior Vice President, WEFA Energy Services
- USAEE-IAEE 2000 Conference Program.pdf
Jeff - Chris is on point on this issue.  He and Dan Reck have already spoken.
I forgot to whom I should direct this sort of thing.  Can you let me know Thanks.   Jeff
I think my 9 - year old daughter could have written the attached white paper. 
Listed below are the members of the pro-synfuel lobby group.  They would 
like us to join as well.  Not sure what we gain - any ideas?
George,
?
Pursuant to your conversation with Jim Treptow, I  have attached the latest 
draft of the white paper regarding Section 29 tax  credits.? I also faxed a 
hard copy to your office in Houston.
?
The current committed participants in the group  are:
TECO Energy
Drummond Coal Sales
GE Capital
Headwaters, Inc. (Covol Technologies)
Magellan Resources Group (Pace Carbon Fuels,  LLC)
Meridian Investments
PG&E National Energy Group
WPS Resource Corp.
SCANA
?
The prospective participants are:
AIG
DQE
DTE
Koch Industries
?
CP&L and Florida Progress/Electric Fuels have  decided not to join the group 
and work on the issue independently.
?
Thanks,
Charlie Coignard
Pace Carbon Fuels, LLC
703-488-9242
- Sec29 white paper 091100.doc
skean@
is the correct email address for Steve Kean 
Thanks.
Recently, Tom Davis with the Downtown Management District has experienced 
some difficulty with sending email to the address he has on file for each of 
you.  Please respond to this message to verify your correct address.  Thanks.
Peggy Mahoney@EES
09/14/2000 06:09 PM
FYI - not sure if you guys saw this!  Still looking for a corporate customer 
to go on record.
Peggy
Enron Energy Services
FYI
djcustomclips@djinteractive.com on 09/14/2000 12:41:56 PM
Please respond to nobody@mail1.djnr.com
With Dereg Under Fire,Enron Calif Elec Business Heats Up
By Jason Leopold
09/14/2000
Dow Jones Energy Service
LOS ANGELES -(Dow Jones)- While federal regulators try to find a way to
stabilize soaring wholesale electricity prices in California, Enron Corp.
(ENE) has been quietly striking up deals with some suburban communities to
sell them fixed-price power at a lower rate.
In the past month, the Houston-based electricity service provider entered
into long-term fixed-rate contracts with the city of Roseville and is
negotiating similar deals with the cities of San Marcos and Chula Vista. Both
of those cities currently get their power from San Diego Gas & Electric Co, a
unit of Sempra Energy Inc. (SRE), and pay market rates for electricity.
Enron has also struck a deal with Starwood Hotels & Resorts Worldwide Inc.
(HOT), one of the world's largest hospitality companies, to sell the company
electricity at a fixed rate for the next 10 years. The company has four hotels
in California, three of which buy their power from SDG&E.
Sources close to the matter said Enron has contracted to sell the hotel
power at about 6 cents per kilowatt-hour, compared with the 22.5 cents/KWh
Starwood said it was charged by SDG&E in August.
Neither company would disclose the terms of the deal. But Starwood said it
expects to reduce its energy costs by more than $200 million over the next 10
years.
Enron, the largest trader of electricity and natural gas in the U.S., will
purchase power to cover such contracts on the wholesale markets and use its
experience to manage the risks, while paying a fee to utilities like SDG&E for
use of their distribution networks.
"That really is our core strength," said Harold Buchanan, chief operating
officer for Enron Energy Services North America. "We understand how to manage
those risks."
High Rates Driving Industrial Customers, Cities To Switch
The growing interest in fixed-price supply contracts is fueling a comeback
of sorts for Enron.
The Houston-based company had tried to break into California's retail power
market just after deregulation, even spending nearly $1 million to advertise
the venture during the Super Bowl. But Enron gave up trying to win residential
customers in 1998, citing disappointing response and lower-than-expected
profits.
That was when deregulation and competitive power markets were full of
promise. Oddly enough, now that deregulation is coming under attack in
California, soaring power prices are building demand for Enron's services.
The company is fielding calls from large industrial customers in San Diego
that have seen their utility bills triple in the past three months and are
interested in signing long-term fixed-rate contracts, Buchanan said.
"Overall, what Enron can provide is reliability pricing in San Diego that's
written in stone," Buchanan said. "It's far cheaper than what they're paying
now with the utilities."
A number of large industrial customers negotiating with Enron declined to
comment.
The city of Roseville, near Sacramento, entered into a $114 million contract
with Enron last month to purchase 50 megawatts of electricity for five years
at $49 per megawatt-hour.
Furthermore, the city has started talks with Enron about building and
operating a 750-megawatt natural gas-fired power plant that city officials
expect will contribute to lower costs for the purchase of electricity.
Mayor Harry Crabb said the plant could protect residents from the price
spikes that have plagued customers of SDG&E since June.
San Marcos, in San Diego County, is proposing to switch electricity service
for its 10,000 residents to Enron from SDG&E - a move the City Council said
could shave about $12 million a year off the city's power bill. Enron has said
it would offer the city terms nearly identical to those it offered Roseville.
An SDG&E spokesman said last week that the utility supports such
arrangements, saying they're one way deregulation is supposed to work.
Enron offered earlier this summer to sell power to SDG&E itself for four
years at a fixed rate of 5.5 cents/KWh, but the utility said the price was too
high.
California Gov. Gray Davis signed legislation two weeks ago to cap
electricity rates for SDG&E's customers at 6.5 cents/KWh.
-By Jason Leopold, Dow Jones Newswires; 323-658-3874;
jason.leopold@dowjones.com
Folder Name: Enron Energy Services
Relevance Score on Scale of 100: 80
______________________________________________________________________
To review or revise your folder, visit   or 
contact Dow Jones Customer Service by e-mail at custom.news@bis.dowjones.com 
or by phone at 800-369-7466. (Outside the U.S. and Canada, call 609-452-1511 
or contact your local sales representative.)
______________________________________________________________________
I talked with Scott Tholan and he immediately understood your concerns.  I 
don't think there is anything else you need to do right now.  Let me know, 
though, if there are requests for information you consider inappropriate.
Steve:  As discussed, I spoke with Clay and raised the points we discussed Thus, I'm a bit surprised to receive this "cover" type memo.  To be clear 
with you, as I was with Clay (he repeated back my message verbatim so I feel 
he understood the issue), the issue is not maintaining excellent 
relationships, rather the issue is inappropriate requests for insider 
information.  By the way, the Administration meeting which set off the 
problem, Clay stated he doesn't remember where that information came from.  I 
have followed up with DOE and the Hill as discussed.  Please let me know if 
we need to do anything further.  thanks.
Clayton Seigle@ECT
09/14/2000 11:41 AM
Dear Cynthia:
Just wanted to follow up with you from our conversation this morning.  Our 
office completely understands that maintaining excellent relations with your 
government contacts is the highest priority.  We therefore understand the 
need to cease inquiries on current issues.  We would never suggest taking any 
actions that could even be construed as improper, and we are continuously 
ensuring that our own work adheres to this principle.
We regret any difficulties that have arisen as a result of your making 
inquiries on our behalf.  We will ensure that similar problems do not arise 
in any future cooperative efforts between our offices.
Thanks again for your assistance.
,
Clay Seigle
I'm still waiting for Davis' office to call.  The plan currently is for me to 
talk to him when and if he calls.  Sandi has been in touch with the 
governor's office.
By the way, thanks for the summary of the California proceedings.  I talked 
to Hebert yesterday and he was duly impressed with your remarks ... I had to 
remind him that you worked on the right answers for California, not the 
abomination that's in place today.
Jeff Dasovich@EES
09/13/2000 06:48 PM
Preempt me, please!
Jeff Dasovich@EES
09/13/2000 06:22 PM
GOVERNOR DAVIS PRESSES FERC FOR ACTION ON WHOLESALE POWER RATES: Calls on
Federal Regulators to Reduce Prices, Issue Refunds
GOVERNOR DAVIS NAMES KAHN CHAIR OF THE GOVERNOR'S CLEAN ENERGY GREEN TEAM
OFFICE OF THE GOVERNOR
GOVERNOR DAVIS PRESSES FERC FOR ACTION ON WHOLESALE POWER RATES
Calls on Federal Regulators to Reduce Prices, Issue Refunds
SAN DIEGO - At a Federal Energy Regulatory Commission (FERC) hearing today
in San Diego, Governor Gray Davis reiterated his call to federal regulators
to intervene "to the fullest extent possible" to lower electricity prices in
California.
"FERC bears responsibility to ensure that a workably competitive market
exists before California consumers and California's economy are subjected to
unconstrained, market-based electricity prices," said Governor Davis in a
statement read by Energy Oversight Board Chairman Michael Kahn.
"Consequently, I renew my prior request that the Commission act with utmost
speed to intervene to the fullest extent possible to restore wholesale
prices to fair levels and to remedy harms that have resulted from the
exercise of market power."
Governor Davis noted that he and state lawmakers have taken dramatic action
in recent weeks to provide rate relief. "While these actions should provide
short-term rate predictability and longer-term benefits to customers in
terms of improved supplies, the fundamental problem of exorbitant wholesale
prices still exists and remains the responsibility of FERC to address," said
the governor. "No combination of state actions can substitute for federal
action to ameliorate the problems of California's wholesale markets."
Governor Davis has taken the following actions in reaction to rising
electricity prices in San Diego:
On June 14, he called for emergency reduction of electricity use by all
state facilities in the San Francisco Bay area in response to electricity
emergency and rolling blackouts.
On June 15, he called on chairpersons of the Public Utilities Commission
(PUC) to analyze the conditions that led to electricity shortages in the San
Francisco Bay area the previous day, including a statewide perspective on
the price and delivery of electricity. Report was completed, submitted to
the governor and released on August 2.
On July 27, 2000, Governor Davis called on federal and state regulators to
take swift action to extend the caps on wholesale electric rates in
California and provide San Diego ratepayers with million of dollars in
refunds.
In letters written by the governor to two state regulatory agencies and two
California-based panels charged with overseeing California's power market,
he called for a coordinated state effort to urge federal regulators to take
strong measures to reduce power rates in both the short- and long-term.
On August 2, 2000, Governor Davis issued three Executive Orders designed to
reduce energy consumption by state government and speed up the time it takes
new power generating facilities to win approval from state agencies.
On August 9, 2000, Governor Davis called on the Public Utilities Commission
(PUC) to establish a two-year plan that would cut electricity rates by
nearly half for residential and business customers of San Diego Gas &
Electric.
The governor also reached an agreement with the California Grocers
Association that will save enough electricity to provide power to between
50,000 and 60,000 homes during periods of peak demand, as grocers agreed to
reduce power consumption by 10 percent during Stage One emergencies.
On August 10, 2000, Governor Davis wrote a letter to President Clinton
urging him to expedite FERC's investigation to determine whether current
electric rates in San Diego were unjust.
On August 22, 2000, Governor Davis called on President Clinton to release
emergency funds from the Low-Income Home Energy Assistance Program (LIHEAP)
to the state to help low-income Californians pay their rapidly-rising
electricity bills.
On August 23, 2000, President Clinton responded to Governor Davis' request
by releasing $2.6 million in emergency funds to help low-income Southern
Californians cope with the surge in their electricity bills. The President
also asked federal regulators to speed up their investigation into the
operation of U.S. power markets and urged the Small Business Administration
to use its credit programs to help small firms hurt by the price increases.
On August 23, 2000, Governor Davis reached agreement with legislators on
legislation to provide relief to San Diego ratepayers. The governor signed
two bills into law on September 6, 2000.
Please see attached letter (below).
SEPTEMBER 12, 2000
STATEMENT OF GOVERNOR GRAY DAVIS
TO THE FEDERAL ENERGY REGULATORY COMMISSION CONCERNING ITS INVESTIGATION OF
WHOLESALE PRICE ESCALATION IN CALIFORNIA
The Summer of 2000 has confronted California with an electricity crisis that
seriously threatens the safety, health and well being of citizens and
businesses throughout the state. At the heart of the crisis is the
extraordinary run up in prices for wholesale electric energy and ancillary
services, accompanied by deteriorating service and reliability. In San
Diego, electric customers' bills have more than doubled this summer,
threatening permanent harm to businesses and the health and welfare of
residential customers in the warm southern climate. All remaining California
electric consumers are faced with similar prospects as their legislated rate
freeze periods come to an end. In San Francisco we saw rolling blackouts for
the first time in our history.
As soon as the dimensions of the crisis became evident, I directed
California regulators, including the Public Utilities Commission and the
Electricity Oversight Board, and the Independent System Operator, to take
immediate steps to identify and implement specific measures to mitigate the
damage, including restoring price caps at Summer 1999 levels. I am happy to
report that those measures have been adopted, although not without
considerable resistance from self-interested parties.
In recent weeks, I have worked with the California Legislature to enact
further relief within the existing framework of options now available to the
state. These include provisions to stabilize retail rates, expedite
generation licensing where possible, implement targeted demand reduction and
demand response and remove constraints in transmission and distribution
systems. I have also established a task force comprised of key state
officials which is developing measures to increase energy efficiency and
alternative supplies and to expedite permitting by state agencies.
While these actions should provide short-term rate predictability and
longer-term benefits to customers in terms of improved supplies, the
fundamental problem of exorbitant wholesale prices still exists and remains
the responsibility of the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission to address.
No combination of state actions can substitute for federal action to
ameliorate the problems in California's wholesale markets.
A joint report submitted to me on August 2nd by the Chairman of the
California Electricity Oversight Board and the President of the California
Public Utilities Commission concluded that exorbitant wholesale prices in
California result from wholesale market dysfunction and the exercise of
market power by sellers. Subsequent reports by the Market Analysis
Department and the Market Surveillance Committee of the California
Independent System Operator reach the same conclusions. Subsequent behavior
of wholesale electric prices during August confirms their conclusions, and
subjects California to further economic damage. While I remain hopeful that
California wholesale markets may ultimately become competitive and become
capable of serving the interests of consumers and the public, I cannot and
will not accept the liabilities to California that result from the current
situation for even a short period. I intend to take any and all steps
necessary to restore economic stability to the electric service
infrastructure of California.
FERC bears the responsibility under its organic act to assure just and
reasonable wholesale electric rates. FERC bears responsibility to ensure
that a workably competitive market exists before California consumers and
California's economy are subjected to unconstrained, market-based
electricity prices. Consequently, I renew my prior request that the
Commission act with utmost speed to intervene to the fullest extent possible
to restore wholesale prices to fair levels and to remedy harms that have
resulted from the exercise of market power.
OFFICE OF THE GOVERNOR
GOVERNOR DAVIS NAMES KAHN CHAIR OF THE GOVERNOR'S CLEAN ENERGY GREEN TEAM
SACRAMENTO - Governor Gray Davis today announced the appointment of Michael
A. Kahn as chairman of the newly-created Governor's Clean Energy Green Team.
The Team was created by Governor Davis' signing of AB 970 by Assemblywoman
Denise Moreno Ducheny (D-San Diego) on Wednesday.
Mr. Kahn, 51, of San Francisco, is the chairman of the California
Electricity Oversight Board, and he also serves as vice-chair of the
California Commission on Judicial Performance. He has been senior partner
and head of litigation at Folger Levin & Kahn LLP since 1979. Mr. Kahn has
held numerous state and federal government appointments and assignments over
the last 15 years.
Mr. Kahn is the author of several articles and reports on litigation
practice and Supreme Court history. He is a magna cum laude, Phi Beta Kappa
graduate of the University of California, Los Angeles. Mr. Kahn also earned
master of arts and juris doctorate degrees from Stanford University, where
he was an editor of the Law Review. After graduation, he served for a year
as a law clerk to Judge Ben C. Duniway of the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals
in San Francisco.
The signing of AB 970 established the Governor's Clean Energy Green Team,
which works to streamline the process of creating new power plants to ensure
that an adequate supply of power will exist to make a deregulated
marketplace work. The Team does this by working with local governments,
identifying environmental impacts, developing recommendations for low
interest financing programs for renewable energy and obtaining input on
natural gas supply, emission offsets and water supply.
Members do not receive a salary. This position does not require Senate
confirmation.
Julee Malinowski-Ball
Edson + Modisette
Associate
925 L Street Suite 1490
Sacramento CA 95814
916-552-7070
FAX-552-7075
jmball@ns.net
Please see the attached presentation.
test
Per my voicemail.
Awais Omar@ECT
09/03/99 12:34 PM
Steven,
attached in the document are the next four descriptions.  Only 3 o/s now ont 
he liquids markets.  I will try to get these to you today as well.
Thanks
Awais
44 171 970 7377
Awais Omar
03/09/99 18:31
Sorry for the delay.
Here are the next four descriptions.
Only the three liquids one waiting now.
I have sent these to David Forster in our Project group to review first 
before I send them to yourself.  If I don't get them back today I will send 
them over the weekend so they are there for you on Monday.
Could you please send me comments back on all the other descriptions today Is your fax machine at your end OK?  It's just that the other fax you sent 
came through a dark background making the comments a little hard to read.
My fax is 44 171 316 5420.
Awais
Awais,
I have forwarded the descriptions you have sent us thus far to the respective 
Legal Trading Lawyers to sign off as far any legal issues we may have with 
the descriptions.  I understand your deadline is the end of the week.
When can I expect the remaining descriptions?
Typo in second paragraph .. should be companies not company
Karen Denne@
01/05/2000 01:52 PM
The attached release announcing Enron Communications' investment in Avici and 
our addition of their routers to our network is scheduled to be issued on 
Thursday.  As background, ECI has invested $5 million in Avici.
If you have any comments or questions, please let me know by 10 a.m. 
Thursday.
Thank you.
kd
Lunch w/ Steve K & Hamd
Steve Kean asked that you review this memo to Ken Lay.  Please let me know 
as soon as possible if you have any changes 
After your review/comments - I will forward it to Ken Lay.
Thanks.
Please see the attached memo that Steve Kean sent to Ken Lay regarding the 
WSJ article on Mark to Market Accounting.
"EPADILL@pnm.com" <EPADILL
09/19/2000 06:54 PM
Please see attached letter, same subject -- signed, hard copy to follow.
- SRP Change In Scheduling Practices_.doc
Ann M Schmidt
09/19/2000 08:32 AM
F.Y.I.
Business; Financial Desk 
State's Power Grid Again Pushed to Brink of Rolling Blackouts Energy: High
temperatures, generator shutdowns push usage within 5% of capacity. Heat 
wave is
expected to continue today. 
NANCY RIVERA BROOKS 
09/19/2000 
Los Angeles Times 
Home Edition 
Page C-1 
Sweltering weather across California pushed the state's heat-stressed 
electricity grid close
to meltdown Monday, and state power officials urged electricity 
conservation because today
and Wednesday could be even worse.
Power was cut to hundreds of large business customers and about 125,000 
residential and
business air-conditioner and agricultural pumping customers Monday after 
the California
Independent System Operator, which runs the electricity grid for about 75% 
of the state,
declared a Stage 2 power emergency. At Stage 2, when the grid is using more 
than 95% of
available power, the state's big investor-owned utilities are asked to 
interrupt power to
customers that have agreed to this voluntary action in exchange for 
discounted rates.
Grid reliability was threatened when two electricity units in Northern 
California stopped
working for a time as heavy air-conditioner demand began to push power use 
higher,
Cal-ISO spokeswoman Stephanie McCorkle said.
Demand peaked at about 42,000 megawatts on the Cal-ISO grid, but the two 
unidentified
units, representing about 320 megawatts of generation, were returned to 
service in the
afternoon--in time to help keep the state from reaching its first Stage 3, 
which would lead to
neighborhood blackouts.
"We were right on the edge of warning about a possible Stage 3," McCorkle 
said. "A couple
of generators fell offline in late morning, and that kind of gave everybody 
a scare."
A Stage 3 emergency would be declared if power reserves fall below 1.5%--in 
essence,
when the electricity grid is using more than 98.5% of available power--and 
rotating outages
of nonessential customers for an hour or longer would become likely to keep 
the grid from
failing. That would result in widespread blackouts lasting several hours.
Electricity use was also high in the area served by the Los Angeles 
Department of Water
and Power, peaking near 4,750 megawatts Monday. But DWP customers were not
threatened by power interruptions or rolling blackouts because the 
municipal utility has
more than enough generating capacity to meet demand.
"We're doing OK as we have all summer long," said DWP General Manager S. 
David
Freeman.
Cal-ISO asked Southern California Edison, Pacific Gas & Electric and San 
Diego Gas &
Electric to call on all of their interruptible-power customers to 
immediately stop using
electricity, representing a potential 3,000 megawatts, or roughly the 
amount of electricity
used by 3 million homes.
Thousands of students at College of the Canyons in Valencia experienced the 
California
equivalent of a snow day Monday when power outage alarms rang about 1:30 
p.m, the
seventh time this year, college spokesman Sue Bozman said. If the college 
doesn't pull the
plug, it pays a big fine.
"For several years, we saved $100,000 a year by being on this 
interruptible-service plan,"
said Bozman, who with other administrators finished the work day with 
mobile phones and
portable computers. "But when the alarm rings and we decline to turn off 
our power, it's a
whole different ballgame."
One such day in May, during final exams, the college didn't cut power and 
penalties totaled
$30,000, she said.
During the height of Monday's power crisis, PG&E--whose territory suffered 
local blackouts
on June 14 in a similar reliability emergency--kept an open telephone line 
to Cal-ISO for
minute-by-minute updates, spokesman Ron Low said.
SCE and the other utilities begged customers to use as little electricity 
as possible, and
grocery stores around the state voluntarily reduced lighting and other 
power use to comply.
"We're issuing a call to action, a call that everyone needs to take 
seriously," Pam Bass,
SCE's senior vice president for customer service, said in a statement as 
electricity use
soared Monday. "If the demand for power does not decrease soon, we will be 
directed by
the state to begin shutting off power for blocks of customers. Everyone 
needs to cut their
use of power now to avoid forced outages."
Today and Wednesday could be even more challenging: Cal-ISO is predicting 
peak use of
44,827 megawatts for today. Peak demand was expected to be 44,537 megawatts 
on
Monday, but conservation and power-interruption programs kept the total 
lower.
"We are anticipating tomorrow to be a good deal like today," SCE 
spokeswoman Karen
Shepard-Grimes said Monday. Electricity demand in SCE territory peaked at 
17,860
megawatts before the Rosemead-based utility asked power customers to cut 
2,500
megawatts of electricity. "It got really touchy today," she said.
Times staff writer Zanto Peabody contributed to this report. 
Maureen -- please send Vince my California testimony and the talking point 
presentation for Jeff Skilling at the National Press Club.
Eliz-- keep Vince on the distribution list for the documents we are 
generating now to repond to the California situation.
Vince J Kaminski@ECT
09/18/2000 01:26 PM
Steve,
I am a lead recruiter at the University of California at Berkeley for
Enron Analyst/Associate program.
I contacted several friends who work at Berkeley and received an invitation
from one of them to make a presentation at the weekly Faculty Seminar
of the Dept. of Industrial Engineering and Operations Research.
The students and faculty members from the business school will be also 
invited.
Berkeley in general, and Department of Industrial Engineering and Operations 
Research in
particular, are important centers of academic research on electricity markets
(S. Oren works very closely with Severin Borenstein).
My presentation will focus on the Analyst/Associate program. I shall  also 
have
an opportunity to discuss the power markets in California (I expect many
questions) before many experts who are very  important to shaping
public opinion and regulatory agenda.
Please, let me know who in you group could help me in preparing this 
presentation
and in presenting  Enron's point of view in a more effective way.
Vince
FYI. The name of my friend who invited me:
Shmuel S. Oren, Professor
Dept. of Industrial Engineering
and Operations Research
4117 Etcheverry Hall
University of California
Berkeley, CA 94720-1777
FYI.  I am sending Vince some materials we have used
Vince J Kaminski@ECT
09/18/2000 01:26 PM
Steve,
I am a lead recruiter at the University of California at Berkeley for
Enron Analyst/Associate program.
I contacted several friends who work at Berkeley and received an invitation
from one of them to make a presentation at the weekly Faculty Seminar
of the Dept. of Industrial Engineering and Operations Research.
The students and faculty members from the business school will be also 
invited.
Berkeley in general, and Department of Industrial Engineering and Operations 
Research in
particular, are important centers of academic research on electricity markets
(S. Oren works very closely with Severin Borenstein).
My presentation will focus on the Analyst/Associate program. I shall  also 
have
an opportunity to discuss the power markets in California (I expect many
questions) before many experts who are very  important to shaping
public opinion and regulatory agenda.
Please, let me know who in you group could help me in preparing this 
presentation
and in presenting  Enron's point of view in a more effective way.
Vince
FYI. The name of my friend who invited me:
Shmuel S. Oren, Professor
Dept. of Industrial Engineering
and Operations Research
4117 Etcheverry Hall
University of California
Berkeley, CA 94720-1777
Please see the revised memo from Steve Kean regarding WSJ article on Mark to 
Market Accounting.
Please forward to Advisory Committee
Ann M Schmidt
09/18/2000 08:59 AM
Manager's Journal: Heir to Greatness
By Gary Hamel
09/18/2000
The Wall Street Journal
A38
Sometime in the next few months, the board of General Electric will anoint a 
successor to the world's most
celebrated corporate leader. Running GE may be, as Jack Welch claims, the 
best job in the world, but his
successor may find it to be one of the toughest as well -- not because 
anything is going wrong at GE, but because
so much is going right, and has been for so long. 
Mr. Welch's successor will inherit a company that is already stupendously 
valuable, that has already shed most of
its unwanted pounds, and has already set a string of performance records. How 
do you do better than that?
This is more than a rhetorical question for GE's next chairman. Pity, for a 
moment, a few other heirs to greatness.
Doug Ivester was gone just 25 months after following the legendary Roberto 
Goizueta at Coca-Cola. Dale Morrison
lasted less than four years at Campbell Soup after taking over from 
cost-cutter extraordinaire David Johnson. British
Airway's Bob Ayling got pushed out after he had struggled unsuccessfully to 
fill the shoes of Colin Marshall. And
Durk Jager prematurely stepped down as Procter & Gamble's chairman after 
failing to live up to the lofty standards
set by earlier P&G leaders. 
Pretenders 
None of the pretenders succeeded in building greatness on top of greatness. 
In three of these cases, the board
brought back a recently retired CEO or chairman to shore up investor 
confidence. Sadly, Goizueta, who died in
October 1997, could not reprise his earlier success at Coca-Cola. 
GE's next chairman will have to exceed Mr. Welch's near-mythic 
accomplishments if GE is to continue to fly high.
Like Cisco, Intel, Wal-Mart, Nokia and any other company that is exploring 
the outer atmosphere, GE must struggle
ever harder to resist the laws that threaten to flatten the arc of success: 
the law of large numbers, the law of
diminishing returns, and the law of averages. 
-- The law of large numbers: Over the past decade GE's market value has 
multiplied eleven-fold -- to more than $560
billion from $50 billion at the end of 1990. Sustaining such a breathtaking 
pace of value growth gets progressively
harder as a company gets bigger. As the most valuable company on the planet, 
GE would need to grow its market
cap to nearly $3 trillion over the next five years to match the 42% 
compounded annual growth rate it has achieved
over the past half-decade. 
One way of escaping the law of large numbers is to divide big things into 
small things. One option for GE would be
to spin out its low-growth businesses as separate companies. Over the past 
five years, profits in two sectors appliances and plastics -- were essentially flat. Holding these businesses 
may generate a positive return on
invested capital, but no investor would keep them inside a growth portfolio. 
Why should GE? 
If GE's next chairman can't muster the courage to leave the dawdlers behind, 
perhaps he -- or she -- should spin out
the stars. Of the eight large business segments for which GE reports results, 
two -- GE Capital and NBC -- account
for nearly 50% of GE's five-year profit growth. Sure, GE Capital has 
benefited from its parent's dirt-cheap cost of
capital, but from an investor's point of view, these advantages may be more 
than offset by the drag of laggardly
earnings growth in other GE businesses. Looking beyond capital and 
broadcasting, there are probably a dozen
other high-growth candidates for spin-outs in GE's other sectors. 
Mr. Welch's successor shouldn't be afraid to disassemble GE. After all, the 
goal is not to make GE the "world's
most valuable company," but to make its shareholders the world's most richly 
rewarded. Shareholders don't care
whether GE's stock appreciates or whether it's the stock of companies that GE 
has disgorged. Breaking up is hard
to do. But Mr. Welch's successor may find that turning GE into the world's 
first $3 trillion company is even harder. 
-- The law of diminishing returns: Even the most successful strategies lose 
their potency over time. For most of Mr.
Welch's tenure, GE's strategies of choice have been cost cutting and 
acquisitions. From its unflinching approach to
downsizing in the mid-1980s, to its more recent dedication to e-business, Mr. 
Welch's GE has been imaginative
and unrelenting in excising waste. At the same time, GE's top line has been 
buoyed up by a tidal wave of
acquisitions -- more than 300 in the past three years, many outside the U.S. 
The payoff to all this cutting and deal making has been steadily accelerating 
earnings growth. Net earnings grew
10.8% in 1996, 12.7% in 1997, 13.3% in 1998 and 15.3% in 1999. Looking 
forward, power dieting and binge buying
may not be enough to keep GE's earnings escalator rising ever skyward. 
There are already signs that GE may be nearing the asymptotic end of the 
efficiency curve. Between 1981 and
1990, GE's revenue per employee increased by 187%. Yet over the last decade, 
revenue per employee grew by a
more modest 55%, and has been essentially flat since 1996. And while 
operating margins in GE's manufacturing
businesses have been steadily improving, GE's net profit margin, after all 
adjustments, has remained pretty much
unchanged over the past five years. 
What about acquisitions? While industry consolidation still has a way to run, 
particularly outside the U.S., it seems
inevitable that it will become harder and harder for GE to find under-priced, 
under-managed fixer-uppers. After all, at
the current furious pace of corporate coupling, the U.S. would be left with a 
single company by 2010. 
That leaves "e." E-commerce will drive new efficiencies into GE's business 
processes, but GE is not alone in
striving to e-enable its businesses. E-commerce is rapidly becoming an 
information technology arms race -- with
competitors making tit-for-tat investments to reap tit-for-tat efficiency 
gains. And while efficiency-besotted CEOs are
counting on the Internet to shrink procurement costs, savvy customers will be 
just as creative in using the Net to
beat down prices. Whether GE's enthusiasm for all things "e" produces 
long-lasting, peer-beating profit growth
remains to be seen. 
GE's next chairman may want to borrow a lesson or two from Enron, which has 
been voted America's most
innovative company five years running and displaced GE as the "best managed 
company" in Fortune magazine's
last "most admired" survey. Forty percent of Enron's $63 billion market value 
comes from businesses the company
wasn't even in three years ago -- all of them are homegrown. 
Forget acquisitions. With GE's powerful brand, global reach and fearsome 
capacity for execution, there's no reason
GE shouldn't surpass Enron as a business-building champ. It is entirely 
reasonable to expect that GE could create
10 to 20 new businesses over the next few years -- with each adding an 
average of $5 billion to GE's market value. 
Sooner or later GE is going to need an entirely new genre of wealth-creating 
strategies -- and a much more
aggressive commitment to internally generated new business development may 
well be the most promising
candidate. 
-- The law of averages: Over the past five years, GE's price/earnings ratio 
has tripled, from just over 16 to more than
48. The company is currently selling at a 65% premium to the market average 
P/E. But being a standout performer
for more than a few years at a time is a daunting challenge for any company, 
large or small. It seems that no
company can forever escape the steady tug of mediocrity. 
At the end of 1999, the Standard & Poor's 500 included 326 companies that had 
been in the index for the entire
decade. Fifty-five of these companies, among them GE, managed to deliver top 
quartile shareholder returns in as
many as four years out of the previous 10. GE's top quartile results came in 
1996, 1997, 1998 and 1999. If GE's
new chairman manages to extend this streak for another four years, GE will 
set a new world record, for none of the
326 S&P veterans achieved top quartile returns in as many as eight years out 
of 10 during the '90s, and only four
companies -- Oracle, Home Depot, Intel and Cisco -- cleared the bar seven 
years out of 10. 
If GE can fire up the entrepreneurial spirit in each of its employees, it 
just might beat the odds. Like most large
companies, GE seems to be reluctant to encourage employees to start new 
businesses by giving them equity
stakes in new ventures. While this isn't the only way to build businesses, 
it's one that can't be ignored in a world
where talented employees are often lured away by the promise of a big chunk 
of equity in a start-up. GE already
invests in start-ups via GE Equity -- to the tune of $1.5 billion in 1999. 
Last year GE also repurchased $1.9 billion of
its own stock. One wonders just what kind of new wealth GE's own employees 
might have been able to create if
they had been backed by this kind of capital? 
To have any hope of escaping Mr. Welch's shadow, and matching his success, 
GE's next chairman will have to
keep a simple truth in mind: If you're trying to achieve unprecedented ends, 
you're going to need unprecedented
means. A break-up, a few major spin-outs, a bottom-to-top initiative focused 
on making GE as good at creating bold
new businesses as it is at improving existing businesses, an absolute 
commitment to doubling or tripling GE's
internal growth rate -- these are all potential candidates for the next big 
thing at GE. 
Maybe, just maybe, GE will continue to fly high with its current success 
recipes. One could argue that as long as
there are companies around the world that aren't as well-managed as GE, Mr. 
Welch's magnificent buy-and-improve
engine will have plenty of fuel. Or that GE's Web-smitten executives will 
discover Net advantages no one else has
yet dreamed of. 
After 20 years under Mr. Welch, GE is habituated to meeting new challenges. 
Moreover, GE has a long history of
organizational and managerial innovation -- it was among the first to 
decentralize along business unit lines, embrace
disciplined strategic planning, delayer its hierarchical organization, and 
commit itself to becoming Webified from
stem to stern. Like the Internet, GE is diverse, global, flat, meritocratic 
and non-hierarchical. 
Maybe all of this will help GE to become one of the first companies to marry 
the rule-busting, business-building
ethos of the "new economy" with the "old economy" virtues of scale, 
efficiency and quality. If GE succeeds, there
will be no more talk of new economy and old economy, for GE will have managed 
to create a perfect synthesis of
old and new. And the most perfectly developed specimen of the industrial age 
will have become the archetype for
the post-industrial corporation -- a company that uses its size and 
operational excellence to crush the upstarts, and
its industry-transforming innovation to constantly surprise the old farts. 
This is a worthy, and necessary, aspiration
for the next leader of America's pre-eminent corporation. 
Mr. Hamel is chairman of Strategos, a consulting company based in Menlo Park, 
Calif. He is author of "Leading the
Revolution" (Harvard Business School Press, 2000).
Spiraling energy costs creating near-crisis situation 
The heat is on consumers 
Monday, September 17, 2000
By DAVID IVANOVICH 
Abreast of the Market
S&P Index Seemed Tranquil This Year, but By E.S. Browning
Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
09/18/2000
The Wall Street Journal
C1
Amid the storm that has swept the Nasdaq Composite Index this year, the 
Standard & Poor's 500-stock index
looks like a sea of tranquility. 
Since Jan. 1, it has gone almost exactly nowhere, starting the year at 
1469.25 and closing Friday at 1465.81.
But beneath the quiet surface, a furious battle is raging among the S&P's 
components, with some of last year's
losers becoming this year's winners. 
Some of the most amazing performers are the natural-gas companies, which are 
up about 70% as a group so far
this year. "The natural-gas index looks like an Internet stock from a year 
ago," says Richard Bernstein, chief
quantitative strategist at Merrill Lynch. 
El Paso Energy is up 70% so far this year. KeySpan Energy is up almost 60 On top of its stock gain, KeySpan
offers something some investors aren't familiar with: a 5% dividend. 
Now the big question is, should investors be plowing their money into the 
recent winners, which also include drug
stocks, brokerage-firm stocks and bank stocks? Or is their surge a flash in 
the pan that will evaporate as investors
get over their jitters in the fall? 
Higher oil prices helped send utility stocks up on Friday, and most other 
stocks down. The Dow Jones Industrial
Average fell 1.45%, or 160.47 points, to 10927.00, leaving the blue-chip 
index down 2.62%, or 293.65 points, for the
week. 
The Nasdaq Composite Index was down 2.01% on the day and 3.6% on the week. 
The Dow Jones Utility Average,
however, rose 1.52%, or 5.94 points, on Friday to a record 397.04, leaving it 
up 2.78% on the week. 
The S&P 500, still the broadest of the major market indexes, dropped 1% on 
Friday. But it is just 4% off its record
of 1527.46, set March 24. In contrast, the technology-heavy Nasdaq index is 
down 24% from its March 10 high. 
Within the S&P 500, though, there have been some dramatic moves. Utilities 
are up an astounding 40%, just in the
time since the S&P peaked on March 24, according to Ned Davis Research. 
Financials and drug stocks are up
about 16% each -- again, since the S&P hit a record. 
Communications stocks, on the other hand, have fallen 25% in that period. The 
S&P 500's big tech stocks are
down more than 19 
Some analysts think the move that is under way is broader than a sector 
rotation. Some of the least-wanted stocks
of 1999 have become desirable this year. As huge stocks, such as Qualcomm and 
Yahoo!, have sagged, smaller,
once-neglected S&P companies, such as Reebok and Allied Waste, have soared. 
The switch can be seen in an index called the Value Line Arithmetic Index. 
That index tracks about 1,700
companies and doesn't give any extra weight to the ones with a larger market 
value. It is a closer reflection of the
average company, rather than the biggest companies. 
So far this year, it is up 13%, eclipsing the S&P 500. The S&P 500 is 
weighted according to its members' market
value, which means that it is dominated by the larger stocks. The Value Line 
index's strength compared with the
S&P 500 is a clear indication that some of the smaller stocks are making a 
comeback, at least for now. 
Some of the gains do seem to reflect special circumstances. Utilities have 
been helped by an explosion in
natural-gas prices and by a search for stable investments in a turbulent 
stock market. Many banks and brokerage
firms have benefited from takeover speculation: Merrill Lynch is up 66% so 
far this year; Lehman Brothers is up
69 
If takeover expectations fade, the brokerage stocks risk a slide. And energy 
companies depend on oil and gas
prices, which can make them volatile. Natural-gas bulls note, however, that 
natural-gas prices are expected to
remain high for some time, which could keep propelling that group ahead. 
"Very few people thought energy prices would remain this high for as long as 
they have," notes Donaldson, Lufkin &
Jenrette investment strategist Thomas Galvin. "So you still have people 
underweighted both areas, energy and
utilities 
That means that there still are plenty of skeptics out there. If gas prices 
stay high, the stocks have room to rise as
skeptics are won over. 
But the real trick during the coming months may not be to be in the right 
sector, but to be in the right stock, both
men say. 
At a time when the economy is slowing and earnings growth will be more 
difficult, "you probably want higher-quality
stocks, because they have more stable earnings," Mr. Bernstein says. 
When tech stocks or utility stocks are in favor, it is enough to buy a stock 
from the group and your stock will go up.
Now investors need to be more selective. 
"El Paso and Duke Energy are extremely well managed," says Mr. Galvin, "as is 
Enron. But the rising tide in
utilities has lifted all boats, and not all utilities are well enough managed 
to take advantage of all opportunities 
The key is choosing the stocks that will withstand the more difficult times 
to come, and that won't be easy. People
who bought Intel or Oracle at the start of this year probably feel as if it 
wasn't that bad a year for tech. Both, despite
a recent sag, still are up almost 40% this year. Those who chose Microsoft or 
Dell, however, took a bath: Microsoft
is down 45% since the year began, and Dell is down almost 30 
Mr. Galvin thinks tech stocks will stage a fourth-quarter rally, as investors 
look for companies that can continue to
build profits in a slowing economy. He points out that analysts expect tech 
to post 38% earnings growth next year,
only a bit less than this year's 41%. But benefiting from any rally would 
require picking the stocks that will have the
good earnings. 
Another way of looking at the uncertain future, says Bob Bissell, president 
of Wells Capital Management, is that
there could be some unexpected events. Companies whose stock prices have 
fallen could be acquired, or forced to
restructure, which could provide a payoff for investors. 
"I am thinking of companies like AT&T," he says. "Something has got to give 
there. The stock is down to the low
30s," 47% down from its 52-week high of 61. "Something has got to happen. Do 
you fragment the company 
He also points to midcap stocks, another of the year's strongest performers. 
"I call the category `the forgotten
prince,' " he says. The S&P Midcap 400 index is doing even better than the 
Value Line index, up 22% since the
year began. 
Some midcap companies deserve to be forgotten, of course. But the index also 
contains some smaller banks that
could be takeover targets, and it has some fast-growing tech companies too. 
"It is getting stronger as the
technological revolution moves companies rapidly from smallcap to midcap Mr. Bissell says. 
Friday's Market Activity 
Soaring energy prices knocked market averages sharply lower. 
American Express lost $1.50 to $59.31, Chase Manhattan dropped 1.66 to 49, 
and General Electric, which has an
exposure to the group through its financial-services operations, gave up 2.13 
to 56.69. 
The group also suffered from a cooling in takeover speculation. Lehman 
Brothers, for example, fell 8 to 142.50,
Goldman Sachs lost 4.25 to 124.75 and Bear Stearns gave up 4.75 to 65. 
Higher oil prices helped Exxon Mobil rise 3.60 to 88.88. It reached a 52-week 
high, its first since Dec. 9, while
Amerada Hess climbed 4.56 to 73.25, and touched a 52-week high of its own. 
Database software company Oracle (Nasdaq) fell 6.63 to 78.31, with 60 million 
shares changing hands. Despite
Oracle's announcement of strong quarterly earnings Thursday after the end of 
normal trading, some analysts said
they were disappointed with the company's revenue growth. 
Siebel Systems (Nasdaq), an Oracle competitor, added 4.19 to 99. However, i2 
Technologies fell 3.69 to 172.19,
while Ariba lost 5.13 to 152.44, both on Nasdaq. 
Red Hat (Nasdaq) lost 4.06 to 21.19. The Research Triangle Park, N.C developer of open-source software products
posted a narrower-than-expected second-quarter loss, but left some analysts 
disappointed. 
Avon Products eased 50 cents to 41.19. The New York beauty-products marketing 
concern said late Thursday the
Securities and Exchange Commission is investigating a $10 million charge the 
company took in 1999 related to the
write-off of computer software. 
Adobe Systems (Nasdaq) moved up 7.25 to 132.63. The San Jose, Calif software developer reported fiscal
third-quarter earnings that topped forecasts. 
Maytag fell 2.19 to 33.63, after the Newton, Iowa, home-appliance maker 
warned about second-half earnings. 
Ivax rose 2.38 to 43.63. The Miami pharmaceutical maker received final 
approved from the Food and Drug
Administration for its generic equivalent of Bristol-Myers Squibb's cancer 
drug Taxol. 
Carnival Corp. gained 1.75 to 22.88, while rival Royal Caribbean Cruises 
advanced 1.75 to 24.50. The stocks rose
on hopes that the withdrawal from the market of a smaller competitor will 
ease excess capacity.
Politics & Policy
The Homestretch
By Gerald F. Seib
09/18/2000
The Wall Street Journal
A40
The Gore and Bush campaigns will argue over which did better in the debate 
over debates, but one winner is clear:
PBS news anchor Jim Lehrer. Not only will he moderate all three presidential 
debates sponsored by the bipartisan
Commission on Presidential Debates, but, under an agreement completed over 
the weekend, he will do so under
rules giving him more flexibility than ever before. He will be free to bore 
in on a specific subject and extend
discussion of it, rather than simply move on to other questions as in the 
past. Under the debate agreement, the two
candidates will stand behind lecterns at the opening debate Oct. 3, sit 
around a table in talk-show fashion on Oct.
11, and debate in a town-hall format on Oct. 17. 
In other campaign developments:
-- Housing policy? In the closest thing yet to a campaign debate on housing 
issues, the Republican party's Web
site is trying to entice listeners to dial in to radio talk shows and charge 
that Democrats are running "The Slumlord
Ticket." Why? On top of a recent controversy over complaints by tenants of a 
rental house in Tennessee owned by
Vice President Gore, the Web site touts the story of a similar headache now 
faced by running mate Joseph
Lieberman. An immigrant mother was evicted when she was injured and fell 
behind in rent payments at a property
owned by the estate of Mr. Lieberman's wealthy late uncle; Mr. Lieberman is 
executor of the estate. 
-- A fish story: To the list of the perils of holding public office, now add 
the danger of flying fish. Just ask Rep. Helen
Chenoweth-Hage, an Idaho Republican, who was pelted with rotting salmon 
thrown by a 20-year-old protester at a
hearing on Western wildfires held in Montana over the weekend. The protester 
cried out that the conservative
congresswoman is "the greatest threat to the forest" and uncorked the salmon. 
She wasn't hurt, but the Associated
Press reports that "the hearing was recessed while she cleaned salmon from 
her hair and jacket 
--- Money Watch
Top "double givers" -- donors of soft money to both parties
In millions
DONOR DEMOCRATS REPUBLICANS TOTAL
AT&T $1.1 $1.8 $2.9
Microsoft 0.8 1.0 1.8
Enron 0.4 1.2 1.7
Freddie Mac 0.6 1.0 1.5
Philip Morris 0.2 1.4 1.5
SBC Comm. 0.7 0.5 1.2
America Online 0.6 0.6 1.2
Source: Common Cause
GE Tops Fortune's Ranking of the World's Most Admired Companies; Key To 
Staying Ahead of the Pack Is Innovation
09/18/2000
Business Wire
NEW YORK--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Sept. 18, 2000--For the third straight year, 
General Electric, on the strength of its
management team and innovative global strategy, is No. 1 on FORTUNE's ranking 
of the most admired companies
in the world. FORTUNE's third annual list of Global Most Admired Companies 
consists of 379 companies in 27
industries, with 25 selected as "all-stars" for exemplifying leadership on a 
global scale. Cisco Systems came in at
No. 2 on the all-star ranking (up from No. 8 in 1999); other repeat 
performers in the top ten include Microsoft, whose
battles with government regulators on one flank and perceptions of a 
foundering Internet strategy on the other
caused it to slip to No. 3 from No. 2; Intel (No.4); and Wal-Mart Stores, 
which moved up to No. 5 from No. 7. The
complete list of FORTUNE's Global Most Admired Companies appears in the 
October 2 issue of FORTUNE and is
available at www.fortune.com as of Monday, Sept.18, at 8:30 a.m. 
According to Nicholas Stein's article, "The World's Most Admired Companies the schizophrenic market conditions
of the past year offer one reason why the Most Admired list looks so 
different this year. As Stein writes: "The
winners are companies that demonstrated a new-economy style growth strategy 
while maintaining an old-economy
approach to fiscal responsibility." And, as Vicki Wright, global managing 
director of the Hay Group consultancy that
helped produce the list with FORTUNE notes: "There is something new this year 
in how we perceive companies. It
is the emphasis on how much companies are capable of looking forward. In a 
year when old-economy companies
have not seen their share price perform, those that have managed to weather 
both the old- and new-economy
storms will flourish."
Notable changes among this year's Global Most Admired list include Home Depot 
leaping from No. 20 to No. 9,
Toyota moving up from No. 16 to No. 10, and Citgroup advancing from No. 25 to 
No. 18. Strong demand for Sony's
flat-screen TVs, digital cameras, and PlayStation game consoles helped the 
company move up from 14 to 6.
Newcomers to this year's list -- Enron, Nokia, Charles Schwab, UPS, and 
Goldman Sachs -- all embody business
strategies that bridge the old and new economic worlds. Companies that lost 
their all-star status -- IBM,
Hewlett-Packard, AT&T, Procter & Gamble, DaimlerChrysler -- have been plagued 
with difficulties integrating new
business concepts. 
Many of the industry categories also experienced significant turnover. Among 
airline companies, Singapore Airlines,
which didn't even make last year's list, took the top spot from Southwest. 
British Airways, hobbled by internal
conflict and heightened competition, fell from third to seventh. Though Intel 
held on to the top ranking in the
computer hardware and software category, Sun Microsystems rode the dot-com 
revolution to second place, up from
sixth last year, while Dell, facing a wireless (and PC-less) future, fell 
from fifth to eighth. And in the white-hot
network communications and Internet technology sector, all-star newcomer 
Nokia edged Cisco Systems for top
billing. 
To find out what unique management qualities set these companies apart from 
their peers, the Hay Group surveyed
the Most Admired Companies and their less admired peers about the performance 
measures they use to chart the
progress of their companies. 
According to their findings, Most Admired companies set more challenging 
goals, link the compensation of their
executives more closely to the completion of those goals, and are generally 
more oriented toward long-term
performance. 
To complete the list of the world's most admired companies, FORTUNE consulted 
the experts: the business
executives who run companies, and the analysts who study them. Global 
companies were rated according to eight
criteria: quality of management; quality of products or services; 
innovativeness; long-term investment value; financial
soundness; ability to attract, develop and retain talent; community 
responsibility; and use of corporate assets. To
reflect this list's international scope, a ninth category was added: global 
business acumen. A company's overall
ranking is the average of the scores of all nine attributes. Companies are 
ranked within their industry, and the top 25
-- the All-Stars -- are culled from across all industry groups. 
The October 2 issue is available on newsstands beginning September 25. For 
more information, or to schedule an
interview with a FORTUNE writer or editor, contact Nyssa Tussing at 
212/522-6724. 
The 2000 FORTUNE Global Most Admired All-Stars
2000/1999 Company Industry
Rank
1/1 General Electric Electronics, electrical equipment
2/8 Cisco Systems Network Commun., Internet Tech.
3/2 Microsoft Computer hardware, software
4/4 Intel Computer hardware, software
5/7 Wal-Mart Stores Retail: general, specialty
6/14 Sony Electronics, electrical equipment
7/9 Dell Computer Computer hardware, software
8/NR Nokia Network Commun., Internet Tech
9/20 Home Depot Retail: general, specialty
10/16 Toyota Motor Motor vehicles
11/22 Southwest Airlines Airlines
12/11 Lucent Technologies Network Commun., Internet Tech.
13/NR Goldman Sachs Securities, diversified financials
14/5 Berkshire Hathaway Insurance: property, casualty
15/3 Coca-Cola Beverages
16/NR Charles Schwab Securities, diversified financials
17/17 Johnson & Johnson Pharmaceuticals
18/25 Citigroup Securities, diversified financials
19/15 Ford Motor Motor vehicles
20/13 Pfizer Pharmaceuticals
21/10 Merck Pharmaceuticals
22/21 Walt Disney Entertainment
23/19 American Express Securities, diversified financials
24/NR United Parcel Service Mail, pkg., freight delivery
25/NR Enron Energy transmission providers
NR = not ranked in 1999
CONTACT: FORTUNE, New York Nyssa Tussing, 212/522-6724 
08:33 EDT SEPTEMBER 18, 2000
Sherri Sera
09/01/2000 08:56 AM
Please advise.  Thanks, SRS
Dear?Jeff,
?
Greetings from Austin.? On behalf of Governor Bush, it  is my pleasure to 
invite you to join?the Governor's  IT National Steering Committee.??You have  
been?recognized as a technology?leader whose experience and insight  would?be 
a valuable addition to the group.? The three  requirements for joining are:
1)?Public support of Governor  Bush.
2)?Willingness to comment on  policy issues.
3)?Help in finding other  technology leaders to join the group.
The group was formed last fall and is composed primarily of technology  
leaders (Michael Dell, John Chambers, Floyd Kvamme, Gordon Moore, Jim  
Barksdale,?Scott McNealy,  plus many others).??NSC members are Republicans, 
Democrats, and  Independents who support Governor  Bush ?
In July, the group met here in Austin  to discuss burning issues in the 
technology community and to share them with  Governor Bush in a private 
meeting(the AP  wire story describing the event is at bottom).??To  give you 
a better idea of the nature and composition of the group, I have  attached a 
pdf file?of  an?April ad?that ranin USA Today?that  includes?a declaration of 
support by NSC members for Governor  Bush.
?
If you are interested in joining the NSC, please provide the  following:
Full Name (and preferred name) - e.g., Timothy R. Smith (Tim)
Preferred Email
Company
Title
Mailing Address
Phone/Fax
Name of Assistant (if  relevant)
Acceptance  of?the three membership requirements listed  above
Please do not hesitate to contact me with  any questions.? As we come  closer 
to the election, we are focusing primarily?on recruiting new members  to join 
the NSC and?keeping members abreast and plugged into campaign  events and 
policy matters, especially those that relate to New Economy and  technology 
issues.
?
,
?
Price Roe
on behalf of Dr. Bill Rice
?
P.S.? I recently graduated  from?HBS and think it would be great to?get 
another highly  accomplished HBS?alum like you on board in support of the  
Governor.
?
__________________
?
Price Roe
Bush for President
Strategy Group
512-344-4737
proe@georgewbush.com
www.georgewbush.com
?
Bush meeting with high-tech council  
JIM VERTUNO, Wednesday  July 19, 8:53 am
Associated Press Writer AUSTIN, Texas (AP)???Gov. George W. Bush wants to 
compare  notes on issues ranging from Internet privacy, to cyber crime to 
closing the  so-called ``digital divide'' that sometimes leaves minority 
households behind in  the computer age during a planned Wednesday meeting 
with technology leaders.  About 130 members of the Bush campaign's 350-member 
high-tech council, including  Dell Computer Corp. chairman Michael Dell, were 
scheduled to meet behind closed  doors at Austin's Jewish Community Center . 
``I am excited  about all of the opportunities that technology has given us 
to make a profound  and positive impact on the world,'' said Bush, the 
presumptive Republican  presidential nominee. ``America is a pioneer in the 
high-tech industry and it is  vital for us to maintain this status,'' Bush 
said. '' Leading the world in  innovation will not only improve the lives of 
Americans, but will also create  many quality jobs 
The purpose of the meeting was to allow the group to  present Bush with their 
thoughts and share up-to-the minute information on the  issues, said Bush 
campaign spokesman Tucker Eskew. The campaign also was to  unveil its 
revamped Web site. One of its features will allow users to download  
event-specific posters or placards for campaign events 
?
?
- USATodayAd-Bush NSC.pdf
Linda F Jenkins@_DEVELOPMENT
01/05/2000 03:42 PM
Terry asked me to email these attachments to each of you.  One is an 
organizational chart for his department and
the other is a Global Affairs Activities Matrix.
I approve.
Elizabeth Linnell
Sent by: Elizabeth Linnell
09/20/2000 10:51 AM
Steve - Please forward to Eileen Buerkert with your approval.
Eileen - Per our discussion, please make sure these are the black 
flatscreens 
Thanks!
Eileen Buerkert
09/08/2000 12:01 PM
Elizabeth,
Because of the dollar amount of this PO, I need to have an email approval 
from your senior director.  Could you forward this to the appropriate party 
(if it's not you) and have him/her email me back with a note saying 
"approved" on it?  I will fax this immediately after I receive that.  Thank 
you!!
Eileen Buerkert
IT Sourcing and Procurement
713-345-6272
PURCHASE ORDER FORM	
PO No. 20090208
Master Request: 
Order Date:	09/08/2000 WO CO #:	0011		SAP Cost Center #:	100062
Ordered By:	Eileen Buerkert		Phone #:	713 345-6272
Vendor:	COMPAQ DIRECT		Fax #:	317-228-8780
Contact:	TAMMY RAY		Phone #:	800-535-2563
Date Required Payment Terms:				NET 30 DAYS
FOB Point Quantity Ordered:	
Item Number:	
Description:	
Mfgr:   	Unit    Price 					Price:
14	104741-001	15IN TFT 5010 OPAL	COMPAQ	$922.00
$12908.00
Amount:		$12908.00
Local Sales Tax Applies?      		Sales Tax (8.25%):		$1064.91
Total:		$13972.91
Notes:	PLEASE ACKNOWLEDGE RECEIPT OF THIS PO BY SIGNING AND FAXING TO Eileen 
Buerkert @ 713 646-2450
ENRON CORP	COMPAQ DIRECT
Revision History:	Eileen Buerkert	09/08/2000 12:00:29 PM
The letter looks fine.  Set it up as "your letter to Ken Lay was forwarded to 
me for response" and have Jeff B sign.  Thanks
Marcia A Linton
09/20/2000 04:04 PM
Here is the draft letter to Bob Houck from Ken Lay that Jeff Brown asked me 
to forward to you.
I talked to Hettie today.  It's unlikely that we are going to find time for 
Jeff and the Governor to talk (because of the Governor's schedule).  We'll 
try to set something up later.  In the meantime, the Governor should just 
sign the bill.  Of course, Hettie had already communicated this; the Gov's 
office acknowledged that the message was recieved but did not make a specific 
commitment 
From November 14-17, Houston will host Gastech 2000, one of the worlds 
largest international natural gas, LNG, and LPG conferences.  The conference 
will take place at the George R. Brown Convention Center and is expected to 
attract 3,000 delegates from around the world.
Enron has played a leading role in this conference for many years and this 
year we will participate as a sponsor and prominent exhibitor.  Exhibit space 
and several speaking opportunities have been secured.  Ken Lay will serve as 
a keynote speaker at the event.
We particularly need your participation for the Enron exhibit booth.  Please 
identify someone from your team to work with Dennis Vegas (713-345-6442) and 
Hal Means (713-345-5384), who will serve as the overall coordinators for 
Enron's participation.
Please keep in mind, this year's Management Conference, for VPs and above, 
is scheduled for November 15 - 17.
Thanks for your help.
Any interest?
"Flavin, Deborah"  	09/21/2000 10:20 AM
Communications is the new commodity in politics, more effective even than
dollars.  Invest in yourself first -- improve your internal communications
structure and increase your political clout.  Get started today and take
advantage of pre-election discounts offered by BIPAC's Business Technology
Partnership!
- BTP Pre-Election Discounts.doc
STEVE KEAN -  will be calling in 
If possible, can I get the call in number and passcode by close of business 
Friday - Steve will leave for business on Sunday.     Thanks 
Maureen
Please indicate below whether or not you plan to attend this meeting and 
through what medium. 
Yes, I will attend in person _______
By video conference from _______
By conference call  ____X___
No, I will not attend  _______
Please return this e-mail to me with your response by 12:00 p.m., Friday, 
September 22.
Thank you, 
Sherri
I am recommending Linda Robertson (currently Assistant Secretary for the 
Department of the Treasury) for the position Vice President and General 
Manager of Federal Government Affairs.  Linda would head our Washington, D.C. 
office, replacing Joe Hillings who will be retiring early next year.
Linda has interviewed with Ken Lay, Tom White, Mike McConnell and Jeff 
Shankman, who join me in this recommendation.
Attached are biographical information on Linda and a National Journal 
article identifying Linda among the "Washington 100".
We have conducted extensive reference checks on Linda.  Included among those 
was Secretary Summers who said:
"Nobody I know has the determination she has to get objectives met."
"Far more capacity to grasp the details than anyone I've seen."
On Monday, I will seek Executive Committee approval to extend the offer to 
Linda.
Decline.
Rosalee Fleming
09/21/2000 05:29 PM
Is this something we want to do?
nemtzow@ase.org on 09/21/2000 05:00:08 PM
To Alliance Board and Associates:
As you may know, President Clinton is considering releasing oil from the
Strategic Petroleum Reserve, perhaps as early as the next several days.
Regardless of what you think about release of oil from the Reserve, I hope
you will help us take advantage of this opportunity to encourage the
President to renew his efforts to pursue energy efficiency - our nation's
best long-term response to rising oil imports.
Due to the immediacy of the decision, we ask that you let us know if we can
sign you on, no later than this Monday, September 25 at noon Eastern.
Please respond with sign ons (giving us the precise company/organization
name) by reply email, or call Dave Hamilton or myself at 202-857-0666.
Thank you for your consideration and support.
David
Alliance to Save Energy
nemtzow@ase.org  ph: (202) 857-0666
fax: (202) 331-9588
I think it looks fine; will defer to Jeff's edits.
Jeannie Mandelker@ECT
09/21/2000 05:05 PM
Steve, this is the column I mentioned to you Monday. We do a column under 
Mark's name for ENA's customer magazine, Exchange. This month's topic is 
California. I'd like you to read it and see if we are getting the message 
right. Jeff, please let me know if there are errors.
Once we get your comments, we'll show it to Mark.
Thanks,
Jeannie
Thanks.   Please keep me on the list for the more detailed management report 
as well.
Leonardo Pacheco
09/21/2000 05:36 PM
Leonardo Pacheco
09/21/2000 05:33 PM
Please find attached the current copy of the EnronOnline Daily Public Report 
and Key Messages, including slides and statistics for public consumption The information contained in the attachments can be communicated to audiences 
outside the company and should be used to ensure that we present a consistent 
message to the public. Please ensure that this email is distributed to anyone 
in your group who needs to discuss EnronOnline with individuals outside the 
company.
Please note that this report is not intended to be used as a stand-alone 
presentation, nor that all the information be used in a single presentation 
or customer communication.
Bill:
Steve Kean would like the attached memo and attached org chart to go out=20
company wide.
Text:=20
=20
I am pleased to announce the following changes in the government and=20
regulatory affairs organization:
Rick Shapiro =01) Managing Director of Government Affairs for the Americas. =20
Rick is currently leading the government and regulatory affairs teams for the=20
US and Canada.  He will now assume responsibility for North and South=20
America.  Ricardo Charvel (Senior Director of Government Affairs for=20
Mexico),  Jose Bestard (Vice President of Government Affairs for South=20
America), and Joe Hillings (Vice President of Federal Government Affairs)=20
will now report to Rick.  Rick and his team will support Enron=01,s North=20
American business units as well as the Caribbean and Southern Cone regions.
Mark Schroeder =01) Vice President Government Affairs for Europe, Asia and=20
Africa.  Mark is currently leading the government and regulatory affairs=20
teams for Enron Europe.  He will now assume the additional responsibility of=20
supporting the APACHI and India organizations.  Jane Wilson will now focus=20
her attention on Enron India and will report to Mark as will our government=20
and regulatory affairs teams serving the APACHI region.
Mike Terraso =01) Vice President  Environment, Health & Safety and Chief=20
Environmental Officer.  Mike is currently serving as Vice President of=20
Environment, Health and Safety for the gas pipeline group.  Mike has=20
increasingly become involved in environmental issues facing Enron=01,s=20
businesses around the world. Mike will retain his current responsibilities=20
and will assume leadership of the environmental affairs team.
John Hardy =01) Vice President Global Project Finance.  John will report=20
directly to me and will continue his current responsibilities representing=20
Enron before US and multilateral project finance agencies.
Please join in me in congratulating these individuals on their=20
responsibilities.
Attached is a revised organization chart reflecting these changes.
attached is Sen. Hagel's energy speech.  He focusses on oil primarily but 
also does a nice job of framing the importance of sound energy policy to our 
continued economic growth.
Rosalee Fleming
09/21/2000 01:42 PM
Ken wanted to make sure you saw this speech.
Joe Hillings
09/21/2000 12:41 PM
Rosalee: I understand that Ken Lay and Senator Hagel will be together this 
evening at the Horatio Alger event I believe in Williamsburg. The attachment 
is the speech Chuck gave this week before ESI and Ken may find it helpful in 
some discussion tonight. Joe
Ken_Peel@hagel.senate.gov (Ken Peel) on 09/20/2000 06:34:56 PM
I thought you might be interested in seeing a copy of a speech on
international energy policy that Sen. Hagel gave today at the Economic
Strategy Institute in Washington, D.C.
- hagelesi.rtf
At the end of the article there is a presidential straw poll.  It shows Bush 
with only a 6 point lead among oil and gas industry executives and analysts.
Karen Denne
09/21/2000 09:23 PM
fyi
FYI.
Energy Is Hot
By Christopher Edmonds 
Special to TheStreet.com
9/20/00 12:47 PM ET 
URL HOUSTON -- Up and to the right. 
That could be the theme of the eighth annual Dain Rauscher Wessels energy 
conference this week in America's self-proclaimed oil capital. Between the 
whispers in the hallways and the bullish presentations from an overflowing 
barrel of oil, gas and power companies, you might think you were in the 
corridors of some Silicon Valley conference of yesteryear. 
But, no, this is all about energy, and energy is hot. With oil hanging around 
$37 per barrel and natural gas solidly above $5 per million BTU, oil, gas and 
power stocks have caught fire. To illustrate, take a look at the chart of the 
Philadelphia Stock Exchange Oil Service Sector Index, or OSX: 
Up and to the right. And, a great deal of the price gain is rational. As the 
price of the commodities increases, profits follow. That should mean positive 
earnings from a plethora of oil and gas companies. 
While new Securities and Exchange Commission regulations have stifled the 
more explicit (now illicit) preannouncements at conferences like this, 
regulations can't cap all the enthusiasm from rising commodity prices. For 
example, Kenneth Lay, chairman of energy powerhouse Enron (ENE:NYSE), said at 
the conference he is very comfortable with analysts' estimates, hinting the 
numbers are conservative. "We should meet or exceed analysts' expectations 
for the quarter and the year Others followed suit. Bradley Fischer, president of CMS Energy Oil and Gas 
(CMS:NYSE), (profiled here earlier ), said his company will post "record 
production and record income this year," because the fundamentals of the oil 
and gas business are as good as they have been in his career. "I've been in 
this business 28 years. The first 10 were good and the last 18 have been 
difficult. Now, I'm looking for the good times to roll And this from Diana Naylor, senior vice president at independent power 
producer Calpine (CPN:NYSE), when reacting to analysts' estimates in the 
coming year. "We look to be making that number and look to increase that 
[guidance on earnings] shortly Even the oil drillers and equipment companies are celebrating. Nabors 
Industries (NBR:AMEX), owner of the largest land-drilling fleet, thinks 
analysts are significantly underestimating its potential. Dain Rauscher 
estimates Nabors will earn 83 cents per share this year and $1.65 next year 
-- numbers Chairman and CEO Eugene Isenberg called conservative. He presented 
calculations suggesting the company could earn $3.27 in the middle of the oil 
cycle and has the ability to earn $6.81 in the coming years. "The probability 
of this happening is very high," he said. 
All because of $37 per barrel oil and $5 gas? While there is little question 
that third- and fourth-quarter earnings should be strong, there is growing 
concern that the oil and gas stock rally has been overdone. Not only have 
stocks tracked the rise in commodity prices but the once-beleaguered sector 
has also seen earnings multiples expand significantly. 
That is a warning sign to at least one analyst. While the going is good, the 
rapid price rise isn't sustainable. Oil stocks stocks "will peak in the next 
several weeks and trade sideways, probably for the rest of the year," said 
Jim Wicklund, head of energy research at Dain Rauscher, adding that there may 
be added selling pressure as funds try to lock in gains before the end of the 
year. "Stock [price pressure] will also be impacted by portfolio managers' 
bonus structure And Wicklund warned that what he sees as the inevitable moderation in oil 
prices will put pressure on the stocks into the new year. "Right or wrong, 
stock prices are slaves to commodity prices If Wicklund is correct, the next move could be down and to the left. 
The Peoples Court
One of the clever and unique features of the Dain Rauscher Wessels energy 
conference is the annual investor poll. This year, nearly 400 investors 
responded to the on-site survey and, while the results aren't scientific, 
they are likely instructive. 
Power to the People - Investors Speak
Dain Rauscher Wessels Energy Conference Survey Results
Prediction for price of oil (per barrel)
on 12/31/2000$32.70
Prediction for price of oil (per barrel)
on 12/31/200127.70
Average price of oil in 200128.80
Price of Natural Gas (per MM BTU) 
on 12/31/20005.50
Price of Natural Gas (per MM BTU) 
on 12/31/20014.60
Closing Price of Oil Stock Index 
(OSX) on 12/31/2000137.90
Closing Price of Oil Stock Index 
(OSX) on 12/31/2001147.00
Will the OSX outperform the
S&P 500 in 2000Yes - 93.7%, No - 6.3%
Will the OSX outperform the 
S&P 500 in 2001Yes - 67.7%, No - 32.3% 
Favorite Merger PartnersChevron with Texaco, Unocal 
or Phillips - 35%
Top Energy Stocks for the Next YearKey Energy, ExxonMobil, Enron 
Presidential Straw PollBush 53%, Gore 47%
Source: Dain Rauscher Wessels
Investors see oil prices moderating a little between now and December and 
further into next year. However, survey participants do not see the same 
pattern for natural gas, with estimates for gas prices remaining well above 
$4.50 through next year. 
And what may at first appear to be good news for George W. Bush probably 
isn't. A six-point lead looks nice, but remember -- we're on his home turf, 
Texas, among his brethren in the oil business. 
For W., that may suggest down and to the left as well. 
Joe - could you or someone in the office get in touch with Michelle?  Thanks
Michelle Cash@ECT
09/22/2000 10:15 AM
Steve, 
As mentioned in my voice mail, attached is the email from SHRM about the 
proposed amendments to the Fair Labor Standards Act.  I believe that this 
legislation would be helpful to Enron.  Let me know if I can do anything to 
help.
Thanks.  Michelle
Drew C Lynch
09/21/2000 10:24 AM
Brian / Michelle,
I would take this as good news!!
DCL
HHRMA members Lori Thomas and Lane Transou shared findings from the
Legislative Action Committee's FLSA-bonus survey (presented at September's
meeting) last Friday in Washington, D.C. with representatives of several
influential members of Congress. Pending legislation (sponsored in part by
Sen. Kay Bailey Hutchison) would permit non-exempt employees to participate
in bonus programs without employers having to recalculate overtime rates.
Congress is ready to act. President Clinton may be willing to sign. We need
your help.
Please consider calling/e-mailing members of both houses, especially Phil
Gramm, Speaker Dennis Hastert (R-IL), and Houston area Congresspersons Ken
Bentsen, Bill Archer, Sheila Jackson Lee, Nick Lampson, Tom DeLay, Kevin
Brady, and Gene Green.
Contact information is at   SHRM has sample 
E-Mail wording at   under "Bonus 
Legislation-House Version" and "Bonus Legislation-Senate Version." If 
possible, please copy President Clinton on your communications as well.
I understand from Shelley that you are going to be seeing Commissioner 
Breathitt on Monday.  We have been working to persuade her to vote for 
forceful FERC action on electricity issues.  She is widely viewed as the 
swing vote (with Massey and Hoecker being the other two votes) needed for the 
Commission to take action.  Attached are two documents -- one is a set of 
talking points for you and the second is a FERC action plan that we are 
floating with several of the Commissioners.
fyi  - there has been some concern that this deal was being put together 
without Connecticut authorities knowing the full extent of our interest in 
FCEL.
David W Delainey@ECT
09/22/2000 06:32 PM
Guys, I have spoken to Cliff and Mark and we are comfortable moving forward 
under the structure we have discussed.
FCEL: - $5MM in equity and 1.3MM warrants from corporate treasury stock that 
vest based upon 60MW of orders;
- discussion with FCEL in which we disclose ALL infromation we have about 
the potential Conn. deal - I will require that myself and Mark be on   that 
call;
- the transaction is fully press released immediately.
CRRA: - subject to final due diligence on the development risks, we provide 
the management and wrap for CRRA on the potential fuel cell development opportunity that consists of between 25 and 50 MW;
- any appropriation of funds from the government will require DPUC hearing 
at which we will fully disclose in a factual manner our interest in    FCEL.
I will require that Mark Haedicke manage this process and sign off on all 
press releases, term sheets, disclosure discussions, contracts and regulatory 
filings.  I believe that we have this managed appropriately as long as we 
manage the process as per the script and in a factual manner.
Thanks
Delainey
No special requirements, but it's good to keep track of in case we want a 
point of contact.  Thanks
John Wack@EES
09/22/2000 05:05 PM
Steve,  a recent hire within my group of Risk Management ,  Samuel  Harrell  
is on two energy associations.   They are the  Association of Energy Services 
Professionals International (AESP) and the American Association of Blacks in 
Energy (AABE).  Sam is a member of good standing in both and has recently 
been nominated to join the Board of Directors for the AESP.   I was not sure 
if Enron had any special requirements concerning registration of employees in 
associations or not.    If I need to do anything specific I would appreciate 
your guidance.  Hopefully this will work as the needed notice.    Thanks  
You should plan to be there.
Michael Terraso
09/22/2000 06:12 PM
Steve, am I not to attend the meeting with Lay and Skilling on Oct 4?  Mike
Maureen McVicker
09/22/2000 03:27 PM
CONFIRMATION OF THE FOLLOWING MEETINGS:
There will be 2 pre-meetings prior to the EBR with Lay & Skilling
PRE-MEETINGS 
Attendees for both Pre-Meetings    Hardy (via phone), Kean, Linnell, Palmer, Schroeder, Shapiro, 
Steffes, Terraso
DATE: Friday, Sept. 29
TIME:  8:30 a.m. (will last approx. 1 hour)
PLACE: EB 4701
CALL IN #: 713-853-3233
PASSCODE: 6500
_____________________________________________________________________
DATE: Monday, Oct. 2
TIME:  8:30 a.m. (will last approx. 2 hours)
PLACE: EB 4701
CALL IN #: 713-853-3233
PASSCODE: 6000
EBR MEETING W/ LAY & SKILLING
Attendees:   Lay, Skilling, Kean, Palmer, Schroeder, Shapiro, Steffes
DATE: Wednesday, Oct. 4
TIME:  9:30 a.m. (will last approx. 2 hours)
PLACE: EB 5005
If you have any questions, please give me a call at 3-1808.
I think he was looking to make a sector-wide point.  For example, how much of 
the total market moved to wholesale traded volumes?  He wants to make the 
point that even a nontraded commodity - ie electricity in 1994 - can rapidly 
progress to a traded market - as electricity did between 94 and 00 
Margaret Carson
09/21/2000 04:25 PM
Steve  I provided  Andy  West with  this  and the  35 percent  a year growth  
was compelling Marg.
great news! Keep up the good work.
Stephen D Burns
The fat lady hasn't quite sung yet, but I thought it would be a good idea to 
give you a readout on the current status of the BLM/USFS fiber optic 
right-of-way issue.
In a nutshell, our strategy seems to have worked and we've won all the 
concessions we sought.  As you'll recall these were:
a) to get the BLM to withdraw any "interim" policies, the first of which 
split fiber cables into 144 different ROW certifications, and a later version 
that re-packaged the issue, mandating that ROW certificates be issued each 
time a fiber owner subleases or sells capacity on its line, with a 
retroactivity clause that added extra sting;
b) to get the Forest Service to retract its May 2nd memorandum which changed 
its fiber optic ROW policy from published fee schedules to individual 
"comparable" assessments (the first such assessment, which compared ROW fees 
in urban centers in downtown Portland and Seattle to Oregon forest lands, 
increased the cost of a segment of our FTV fiber build 150 fold);
c) to block both agencies from implementing any proposed or final rule in FY 
2001; and
d) to create an open rule making process that involves all interested 
stakeholders, including Enron.
Thanks to the considerable pressure we orchestrated from Congress and the 
Administration, BLM Director Fry and USFS Chief Dombeck have backed away from 
points a and b above, and have agreed to points c and d.   The language we 
inserted in the Interior Appropriations Bill, which has been agreed to by the 
Conferees, forces both agencies to revert back to the published fee 
schedules, prevents them from implementing any new policies in FY 2001, and 
forces them to work with industry and to come up with a common policy for 
future rent determination.
The reference in the opening sentence to gravitationally-challenged women is 
because the issue still hasn't quite closed.  The Interior Appropriations 
Bill may very well be vetoed.  But since our issue was settled at the staff 
level, and is now off the table, we're likely to remain safe from being 
re-examined and challenged.  In fact, any changes would likely only increase 
the strength of our hand: some members of our coalition are trying to insert 
even more detailed language in the report that prescribes exactly how the 
agencies will proceed to determine the new rental fee schedules over the next 
18 months.  Through outside consultants, we've had a series of constructive 
discussions with the agencies over the past two weeks that have forged 
agreements on timing and specific ways forward.   Details are forthcoming, 
but Enron would be involved closely in the process.  The agencies were 
clearly surprised by the clout we wielded, and are now more than willing to 
negotiate.
But the bottom line, again, is that we have stopped both agencies from 
implementing their costly interim policies or launching a rule making process 
either now (which they originally intended to do) or in the coming fiscal 
year.  And by engaging key Members of Congress and the White House, and 
organizing and leading the 20-member  Fiber Optic Public Land Right-of-Way 
Coalition, we've succeeded in branding Enron as a leader in the 
communications field. 
Steve
any interest?
Eric Thode
09/20/2000 11:46 AM
Is this of interest to you?
Eric
Imad Tareen forwarded me his resume for a possible job opportunity in our 
group.  (Please see below.)  I have never met him before, and I have no idea 
how he got my phone number, but his resume looks quite good.  What do you 
think?
Yvette
Imad Tareen
09/18/2000 04:39 PM
Hi  Yvette
Thanks for your help.  I  am very interested in exploring opportunities in 
your group.  I have a Masters in Public Policy from Harvard which deals a lot 
with communications and running  campaigns.
Imad 
Is Catherine working on environmental policy related to sustainability or is 
she working on greenhouse gas transactions . . . or both?
Mark Schroeder@ECT
02/20/2000 06:51 AM
You do not need to real Catherine McKalip-Thompson's full trip report from 
her European venture, but you did express some surprise that on her trip to 
Europe she went beyond policy and discussed "busienss" or commercial 
activities, as I recall our conversation.  her note below makes clear, to me, 
that partnerships and investments were discussed with, inter alia, a Dutch 
distribution company, Credit Lyonnais, and CGU (an insurer).  Just FYI.   mcs
Catherine McKalip-Thompson@_DEVELOPMENT
31/01/2000 18:36
John,
Attached is my trip report for Amsterdam, Paris and London - I've given the 
contact information for everyone to Kathy to be entered in the database and 
thank you notes are going out today 
The company meetings did not go quite as well as I might have hoped (Edon was 
not so interested), but we need to discuss further the potential relationship 
with Credit Lyonnais' effort to develop the "gap financing" fund.UNEP 
conference not as billed but some contacts there such as Credit Suisse First 
Boston and Gerling's Sustainable Development Company were useful as both are 
quite interested in climate change business opportunities.  Also it provided 
a chance to gather interesting updated info on current financial-sustainable 
development metrics, links, funds, firms, etc.  Discussions with participants 
in the UK Emissions Trading group were interesting and I now have several 
working papers on this effort which I can distribute to anyone who is 
interested (though Mark's group probably has them already but I'll check with 
them directly on that). I did not get the chance to meet up with Nicola Steen.
Catherine
Joe - there is no announcement today.  I tried to leave you a voicemail but 
apparently the system is down there.
Before we can offer an outside person a VP position, the Executive Committee 
must sign off.  We are going to be going through that process in a few 
minutes.  Then we begin the offer extension and negotiations.  The person we 
are recommending is Linda Robertson, one of the two people I mentioned to you 
before.
Please guard the information carefully.  Last time we talked, when the list 
had been narrowed to two, DeLay's office called with the exact two names and 
started pushing us to hire a Republican.  As you know we interviewed 
candidates of both political affiliations and just settled on the best 
person.  Ken told DeLay's office that's how we do things and Ken is 
comfortable (actually enthused) about the choice.
When some external announcement is done, you will be involved and your 
considerable contributions will be prominently mentioned.
STEVE KEAN
Katherine Brown
09/26/2000 11:59 AM
Executive Committee Weekly Meeting
Date:  Monday, October 2
Time:  11:00 a.m. (CDT)
Location: 50th Floor Boardroom
Video:  Connections will be established with remote locations upon request.
Conf call: AT&T lines have been reserved.  Please contact Sherri Sera 
(713/853-5984) 
or Katherine Brown (713/345-7774) for the weekly dial-in number and 
passcode.
Please indicate below whether or not you plan to attend this meeting and 
through what medium. 
Yes, I will attend in person ___X____
By video conference from _______
By conference call  _______
No, I will not attend  _______
Please return this e-mail to me with your response by 12:00 p.m., Friday, 
September 29.
Thank you, 
Katherine
Please see the attached document from Steve Kean.
Looks good.  I think you implicitly say this, but I think you should make it 
more explicit:
The continued growth of the new economy is threatened by our electricity 
infrastructure more than anything else.
The high tech industry requires market driven solutions to reliability and 
pricing not the old style command and control regulated monopoly approach.
Let's start getting the word out!
Jeff Dasovich
Sent by: Jeff Dasovich
09/26/2000 02:06 PM
Attached is a first rough cut.  Work continues but wanted to distribute for 
feedback.  All is welcome and appreciated 
Thanks, I hope we get there soon.
Mary Clark
09/26/2000 01:55 PM
Steve, I'm leading a team with Beth Tilney that will roll out communications 
to employees worldwide after our stock price closes at $100.  We will keep 
you posted on our plans as they materialize.
Mary
Pete van de gohm suggested we might want to get something out on the mideast 
situation as well -- a sort of travel advisory.  Please follow up with him I know that for our mideast project people we have been taking care of this 
in David Haug's old organization.  See if there is anything else we need to 
be doing.  Dennis Vegas may be able to provide you with a way to get the info 
you need.
Michael Hicks@ECT
10/12/2000 02:11 PM
Joe:
Here is more on Colombia.  It emphasizes the 'take precautions' 
recommendation.
,
Mike Hicks
Philip Giraldi  	10/12/2000 02:01 PM
Mike - I've spoken to my contacts at State and
Defense.  They both are saying that their people in
Colombia are on high alert - no unnecessary travel,
fully armored vehicles when available, changing time
and routes, etc. - as they fully expect FARC and ELN
to react violently to the initiation of US aid later
this month.  They believe that the terrorists will go
after easily recognizable but soft targets that are
clearly American.  That pretty much means American
corporations whose presence can be identified and who
don't have visible security.  The Embassy understands
that companies like Coca Cola have removed all expats.
I asked if the Embassy officers have been able to
move about the cities and they replied "Of course, but
they don't do it as much as they did and are more
careful now."  Cali and Medellin are regarded as more
dangerous that Bogota and U.S. official travel to them
is at a minimum. Travel in the countryside is
absolutely forbidden except by helicopter.
Hope this helps.  Let's face it, you can operate
anywhere as long as you are careful... - Phil
__________________________________________________
Do You Yahoo!?
Get Yahoo! Mail - Free email you can access from anywhere!
yes
lyoho@
09/26/2000 09:03 AM
Steve 
Yes, I am interested in talking to him.    Should I contact Eric?
Thanks for passing this along.
Lisa
Sent by:  Steven J Kean@
any interest?
Eric Thode
Is this of interest to you?
Eric
(Embedded
image moved
Imad Tareen forwarded me his resume for a possible job opportunity in our
group.  (Please see below.)  I have never met him before, and I have no
idea how he got my phone number, but his resume looks quite good.  What do
you think?
Yvette
Imad Tareen
09/18/2000 04:39 PM
Hi  Yvette
Thanks for your help.  I  am very interested in exploring opportunities in
your group.  I have a Masters in Public Policy from Harvard which deals a
lot with communications and running  campaigns.
Imad
(See attached file: resumeimad[2].doc)
- pic11478.pcx
- resumeimad[2].doc
yes
Mark Palmer@
09/26/2000 08:51 AM
Should we ask the guy that did the deal with Champion Paper to write a 
response?
Ann M Schmidt
09/26/2000 08:14 AM
F.Y.I.
Metropolitan Desk; Section B 
Debate on Need for New Power Plants Ignores Conservation 
By KIRK JOHNSON 
09/26/2000 
The New York Times 
Page 1, Column 2 
c. 2000 New York Times Company 
New Yorkers heard a lot this summer about why their electricity bills were 
going up and
why a new generation of power plants was needed, and the message centered 
on one
word: demand.
Millions of new air-conditioners, computers and other gadgets are humming, 
blinking and
draining electricity from the power pool, utility executives and state 
energy officials said
over and over again. The 40 percent jump in electricity rates that many in 
the region were
assessed in August was only a hint of what could lie ahead, those officials 
suggested, if
residents did not accept more power plants in their neighborhoods.
What the public was not told was that the people framing the argument for 
building power
plants have an abiding interest in selling more electricity. Nor was the 
public told that the
means already existed to dampen demand and reduce the amount of new power 
needed, if
the political will could be exerted.
Before New York's energy markets were deregulated, beginning in 1998, the 
state required
companies like Consolidated Edison to reduce demand in the system through energy
efficiency measures, for example -- if that choice was cheaper than 
building a new plant.
Under deregulation , that requirement has been lost. In an open market, 
every participant
wants to sell more energy, and the government agencies in New York and other
deregulated states that once compelled companies to think of alternatives 
have become
silent or powerless.
''The reliability problems and price spikes in the last two years have led 
to a simplistic set
of solutions: build more power plants,'' said Richard Cowart, director of 
the Regulatory
Assistance Project, a nonprofit energy policy institute in Montpelier, Vt that works with
state regulators and utilities.
On the new playing field, Mr. Cowart and other experts said, the incentives 
are all
one-sided.
Power generating companies have no motive to encourage people to use less 
energy or to
use it more efficiently because the most money is to be made when demand is 
at its peak.
And electricity delivery companies make more money by sending more 
electricity through
their wires. ''The incentive to sell more electricity is overwhelming Mr. Cowart said.
Certainly, demand for electricity is rising in New York and across the 
country, and most
experts agree that some added generating capacity is needed. And New York 
State's top
electricity official, Maureen O. Helmer, chairwoman of the Public Service 
Commission, has
emphasized in her recent speeches that conservation and efficiency measures 
must be
part of the solution to rising demand.
The problem, environmental groups and energy analysts say, is that in an 
arena in which
government has taken a step back through deregulation , it is harder for 
regulators to
make those opinions count.
Given the tone of the debate in New York and the sharp jump in prices this 
summer, it
would be easy for the public to think that the region's energy situation is 
worse than it
actually is. Most long-term projections for the region say that demand will 
increase less in
New York State and New York City than in the nation as a whole during the 
next 10 to 15
years. New York, it turns out, is not an energy hog.
The most recent official long-term projection for New York, called the 
State Energy Plan,
issued in late 1998, said the state could get by with only a very modest 
expansion in
generating capacity for the next 10 years, or no expansion at all if the 
levels of electricity
that utilities are required to hold in reserve could be modified.
The rate of growth in demand is also slowing down, not accelerating. Within 
the territory
served by Consolidated Edison, which includes all of New York City and its 
northern
suburbs, peak demand, the highest single moment of energy use on the 
heaviest day of the
year, rose by 1.7 percent a year from the mid-1990's to the end of the 
decade. In the new
century, that growth rate is expected to be 1.2 percent a year.
''It will be more modest,'' one senior Con Ed official said.
The main implication of those projections, economists and energy analysts 
say, is that
most of the increased capacity proposed for New York City may not be needed 
at all, at
least to meet new demand. In the Con Ed service area, meeting a 1.2 percent 
growth in
demand through new supply alone would require an increased capacity of 500 
to 750
megawatts over the next five years. Developers and power plant builders 
have proposed a
total increase six to eight times greater than that in the next three years 
alone.
''No one plant can make the argument that it's really needed,'' said Ashok 
Gupta, an energy
economist at the Natural Resources Defense Council, a private conservation 
group. ''Like
malls, power plants are now being built for market share 
Predicting energy demand is notoriously difficult. In the early 1970's, for 
example, the
accepted wisdom was that energy use would continue to grow at the rapid 
pace that it had
in the 1960's. Academics and utility industry officials said the country 
might need 1,000
nuclear plants by the turn of the century.
But the oil shocks of the mid-1970's and early 1980's forced the 
introduction of
energy-efficiency measures that made those forecasts worthless. Energy use 
as a
percentage of the nation's economy, called energy intensity, began 
declining and has done
so ever since.
Some energy officials have said the problem of rising prices and the 
overwhelming focus on
supply is the result of a still-new electricity market that is not yet 
functioning as intended.
Theorists who had envisioned competition as the door to a golden age of 
consumer choice
had predicted that companies specializing in demand reduction -- they sell 
ways to cut
energy use through technology or better management -- would compete with 
companies
selling supply. But that has not happened yet. Part of Con Ed's prediction 
of more modest
growth in demand in coming years is based on the expectation that 
demand-management
companies will emerge within the next few years, company officials said.
But state regulatory officials also made the political decision in the late 
1990's to reduce
spending for conservation and efficiency measures. The state, which once 
led the region in
financing for alternatives to new supply -- an effort that included 
television commercials
urging people to think about saving energy -- now spends about a third as 
much per capita
as most states in the Northeast, including Connecticut and New Jersey, 
according to
figures from the New York State Energy Research and Development Authority.
Last month, a report filed with the State Public Service Commission 
recommended an
increase in financing for the efficiency program. The report was produced 
by representatives
of the electricity industry, working alongside consumer and environmental 
groups. But the
state's utilities, including New York State Electric and Gas, Niagara 
Mohawk and Con Ed,
refused to support the final report because they were unhappy with its 
conclusions.
'' Deregulation undermined the role of utilities in promoting energy 
efficiency,'' said Edward
A. Smeloff, the executive director of the Pace Law School Energy Project, a 
research and
advocacy group that helped write the report. As electricity companies have 
become more
conscious of the bottom line under deregulation , Mr. Smeloff said, 
demand-reduction
programs have become a threat to profits.
For utilities that buy most of their power from other companies, moving 
more electricity
through the wires has become the primary way to increase profits, Mr. 
Smeloff said. ''That's
the business,'' he added.
Utility officials say that much of their demand problems come down to one 
hour each year,
that moment of peak demand when consumers are using the most electricity. 
To a great
degree, planning revolves around the need to have adequate supply for that 
crucial moment
so as to avoid blackouts. But experts like Mr. Smeloff say the tools 
already exist to
dampen those peaks, and reduce prices to consumers as well, if only a 
constituency
existed to push for the changes.
Many business and residential energy uses are routine and could be 
postponed for a few
hours to dampen load on peak days, a plan that efficiency experts say would 
be particularly
easy in New York City commercial buildings where energy use is centrally 
controlled and
monitored. In England, one electricity provider created lower rates for 
consumers who ran
appliances like washing machines and dishwashers in off-peak hours. The 
program became
so popular that power use in the middle of the night went up significantly 
during the
discount-pricing window.
Environmentalists also worry that increasing power capacity beyond the real 
demand in
New York could create a kind of self-fueling spiral. If too many new plants 
are built, they
say, prices will probably fall, encouraging people to use more electricity, 
while at the same
time reducing incentives to save energy or use more efficient products.
In New York and elsewhere in the country, much of the growth in demand is 
being driven by
the spread of air-conditioning, especially from people buying extra units 
to cool more parts
of their homes. Last year, Con Ed began a kind of visual history project in 
which employees
began regularly photographing 90 apartment buildings in New York City and 
counting the
number of window air-conditioners. In one year, the total went up by 5 
percent.
Some energy experts say more air-conditioning could further increase the 
spurts in demand
that could in turn lead to more power plants, which many scientists say are 
prime sources
of the greenhouse gases blamed for global warming.
''We have hotter summers because of greenhouse gases and more greenhouse 
gases
because of more air-conditioning,'' said Joseph Romm, the executive 
director of the Center
for Energy and Climate Solutions, a nonprofit consulting institute based in 
Virginia. ''It would
certainly be ironic if people decided that the solution was more power 
plants 
Chart: ''LEDGER: Efficiency Plans'' While New York State makes plans to 
increase its
electric power supply, it is doing less to promote the efficient use of 
existing power. Graph
tracks spending for efficiency programs since 1992. SPENDING PER CAPITA
CONNECTICUT: $33.33 MASSACHUSETTS: $32.69 NEW JERSEY: $29.18 RHODE
ISLAND: $17.00 NEW YORK: $9.67 (Sources: Natural Resources Defense Council; 
New
York State Energy Research and Development Authority)(pg. B6) 
Rosie - please print and have signed.  (Note there is a typo in the second 
line of the last paragraph -- does should be "do").  thanks
Keith Stepp@_DEVELOPMENT
09/26/2000 03:54 AM
John/Steve,
Attached is a draft letter to Party Secretary Zhou Yong Kang of Sichuan 
Province declining an invitation for Ken Lay to speak at the 2000  Western 
Forum of China.  Secretary Zhou was recently in Houston and has extended an 
invitation to Ken Lay to speak at this conference.
Please make any changes you feel are necessary, have Ken Lay's office print 
for his signature and send to Kari Duncan for faxing and forwarding.  If you 
have any questions, let us know.
Thanks.  --Keith
Thanks, Chris.
Rick - see the witness list below, in case you want to try to get some points 
through to these witnesses.
Chris Long
09/25/2000 04:14 PM
Steve: I got the copy of the letter on independent auditor from Ken Lay to 
SEC Chairman Levitt.   I suggest we transmit the letter to the Senate Banking 
Subcommittee on Securities in preparation for their hearing noted below.  I 
will prepare a cover letter for transmission. Let me know if this acceptable.
This hearing will be held on Thursday, September 28.
Senate Banking, Housing and Urban Affairs Committee
SEC Audit Rule
Securities Subcommittee hearing on the proposed rule issued by the Securities 
and Exchange Commission (SEC) to restrict the types of services independent 
public auditors may provide to audit clients.
Witnesses: Arthur Levitt,, SEC chairman; John biggs, chairman, president and 
CEO, TIAA-CREF; Barry Melancon, president, American Institute of Certified 
Public Accountants; Shaun O'Malley, chairman public oversight board, Panel on 
Audit Effectiveness; Rick Antle, professor of accounting, Yale University 
School of Management
Location: 538 Dirksen Senate Office Building. 9:20 a.m.
Contact: 202-224-7391 [Link] 
Revised
Zausner is kind of a mixed bag.  I think he's strong intellectually and has 
some influence, but I don't trust him to keep our strategy and contacts 
confidential.
Cynthia Sandherr
09/25/2000 03:16 PM
Today, I spoke with EPSA's outside counsel, Andy Zausner, about having his 
firm's Senior Counsel former Senator Wendell Ford (D-Ky, 1974-98) assist us 
with our FERC "Linda Breathitt" Strategy.  Former Senator Ford knew Linda's 
father well plus has dinner with Linda every several weeks or so.  There 
probably isn't anyone in Washington closer to Linda than Wendell as he has 
known her since she was a child.  Andy is expecting either Steve's or Rick's 
phone call to further discuss the Senator's involvement.  Andy did discuss in 
general that he wasn't certain whether his client, EPSA, would go along with 
the strategy but he thought, overall, it was a possibility.  Andy's direct 
number is 202-828-2259.  I know Andy and Wendell very well and would like to 
be helpful as you wish.  However, at this point, I thought an EPSA board 
member (i.e. Steve or Rick) should follow up.  thanks.
I'll send it back on Tuesday.
Jose Bestard@_DEVELOPMENT
02/18/2000 08:02 PM
Steve. Did you get a chance to look at the video tape I gave you? 
I would like to have it back to show it in Brazil
Thanks,
Jose
Edmund Szol  	09/24/2000 05:29 PM
Please have someone contact me at 425-503-4339 (cell telephone) or at the 
address on the web site underlined below  if 
Enron has an interest in the U.S. and internationally patented Angle Master. 
We now have marketing prototypes made, patents in place, outstanding consumer 
interest and are ready to proceed to the 
next step. 
The Angle Master can be very large or  small.. The output gear smoothly 
transitions from 0-90 degrees at high torque to 
to reach or drill any angle. The input gear can be driven by any device. No 
product on the market can perform 
like the Angle Master. I can see the use of the Angle Master for various 
drilling applications, including horizontal drilling 
Professional mechanics in all fields who have seen the smaller Angle Master 
all want one. We have endorsements from professional 
drivers, mechanics, and many others. 
A recently retired Captain of a nuclear aircraft carrier has stated in a 
letter "....The use of the Angle Master.... will 
result in a significant time savings which in turn will increase combat 
readiness of aircraft and ships due to the more rapid 
turnaround of out of commission systems. Every mechanic will want the Angle 
Master in their toolbox after they have seen it in 
operation A Senior Vice President of Operations for a major Aerospace Company has 
stated in writing " .... Prototype manufacturing, 
tool manufacturing, assembly, repair and overhaul operations will all benefit 
from the flexibility of the Angle Master The attached web page location underlined below is not yet completed, but it 
indicates just a few 
of thesmaller scale uses for the Angle Master. 
I look forward to hearing from you. 
Sincerely, 
Ed Szol 
President 
Angle Master Industries LTD. 
Isn't our primary problem with AEP's internal merchant function rather than 
with the marketing affiliate (I realize we have problems with the affiliate 
too)?  Can we protest continued market based rate authority for AEP until 
they have surrendered native load priority?
Christi L Nicolay@ECT
09/25/2000 09:16 AM
On 9/21, EPMI filed a protest (Below) against AEP/CSW's 3 year update request 
to continue market based rates for power marketing.  The filing includes 
examples of discriminatory behavior on OASIS (for ATCs, etc.) that 
potentially benefitted AEP's marketing side. 
EPMI has already protested Entergy's request for continuation of MBRs earlier 
this year, and plans to protest other large utility-based power marketer MBR 
filings this fall.  Let me know if you would like the list.  Thanks.
** High Priority 
Christi -
Attached is the final filing in word.  I also sent you a hard copy on Friday.
- aep.doc
More indications that the power angle may be fruitful
Cynthia Sandherr
09/26/2000 03:09 PM
Gore favors `Big Power'
September 25, 2000
BY ROBERT NOVAK SUN-TIMES COLUMNIST
Al Gore's $75 billion energy plan contains a $68 billion federal subsidy to
help electric power companies make their plants environmentally friendly.
Therein lies the dark side of the vice president's brand of populism.
The power subsidy proposal was drafted by a Washington energy consultant who
is one of Gore's closest advisers on the environment. One of the major
beneficiaries of the plan would be a power company notorious for polluting
the atmosphere. To close the circle, the company has used the Gore adviser
as a paid consultant.
In polishing up his energy program, Gore played a variation on his Los
Angeles acceptance speech's populistic attack on certain categories of
business that have broken no law. This time, the target was the energy
industry ("Big Oil"), assailed for benefitting from the Organization of
Petroleum Exporting Countries' manipulation of oil prices. But Gore is no
across-the-board enemy of corporate America. He always takes care of
friends. While positioning himself as the foe of Big Oil, he emerges as the
friend of Big Power.
In that category is American Electric Power, based in Columbus, Ohio, and
one of the Midwest's biggest supplier of coal-generated power. AEP, sued by
the Environmental Protection Agency last year for alleged violation of the
Clear Air Act, is widely viewed as a pariah by the environmentalist
movement. It is accused of running one of the dirtiest operations to
generate power.
AEP frequently has paid for advice from environmental advocate Kathleen A.
McGinty, who has an unusual resume indeed. As senior legislative assistant
for energy and environmental policy to then-Sen. Albert Gore Jr. of
Tennessee, she quickly gained a reputation on Capitol Hill as a passionate
advocate for global climate control.
Gore picked her for Clinton administration posts, enabling her to affect
national policy in a major way. In 1993, she was named to head the new White
House Office on Environmental Policy. In 1996, she was promoted to head the
Council on Environmental Quality and became a leader in trying to sell to
America the massively unpopular 1997 Gore-promoted Kyoto Treaty (never
considered by the Senate) to slash energy consumption.
Last year, McGinty emerged as a consultant with the law and lobbying firm of
Troutman Sanders. There, she has been engaged in an interesting balancing
act. On the one hand, she advised AEP and the Atlanta-based Southern Co.,
another power giant. On the other, she moonlighted for Gore in drafting the
June 27 energy plan. Since July, she has been working full time for the
Democratic National Committee.
Gore's plan promises to "clean up the nation's aging power plants by using
market-based enforcement and comprehensive standards to reduce pollution and
increase efficiency." It offers "a menu of financial mechanisms" to "those
power plants and industries that come forward with projects that promise to
dramatically reduce climate and health-threatening pollution."
That means a big subsidy for electric power companies to help them clean up
their plants. According to congressional energy sources, AEP would receive
millions of dollars to get right environmentally.
Gore always has shown ability to reward individual corporate friends while
castigating big business as predators. I previously reported that he had
supported permission for deep oil and gas drilling in the Gulf of Mexico,
desired only by Occidental Petroleum Corp., the source of much of his
family's wealth.
But federal help for Occidental and American Power and the potential for
conflicts of interest fly beneath the radar in a capital where the hands of
neither political party are clean. It is possible for Gore's diluted brand
of populism to flourish because it is the way Washington works.
The senator's speech is focused on the oil sector almost exclusively, but it 
does an exceptional job of framing the importance of the issue.
Rosalee Fleming
09/21/2000 01:42 PM
Ken wanted to make sure you saw this speech.
Joe Hillings
09/21/2000 12:41 PM
Rosalee: I understand that Ken Lay and Senator Hagel will be together this 
evening at the Horatio Alger event I believe in Williamsburg. The attachment 
is the speech Chuck gave this week before ESI and Ken may find it helpful in 
some discussion tonight. Joe
Ken_Peel@hagel.senate.gov (Ken Peel) on 09/20/2000 06:34:56 PM
I thought you might be interested in seeing a copy of a speech on
international energy policy that Sen. Hagel gave today at the Economic
Strategy Institute in Washington, D.C.
- hagelesi.rtf
Eliz -- I need your group to put together a search which captures the 
comments of PG&E and Edison officials in trade press, anlyst reports, and 
speeches which would be inconsistent with the idea that they can now recover 
their shortfall.  In other words, when they were trying to get AB 1890 
passed, when they were fighting Proposition 9, when they floated their "rate 
reduction bonds" and when they talked to analysts and rating agencies I'm 
sure they assumed that they would live under the rate freeze and take the 
risk of stranded cost recovery whithin the statutory deadline.
"Dick S George"  	09/27/2000 08:04 AM
CC list suppressed September 27, 2000
California Utilities' LossesOn Electricity Pose Risk
By REBECCA SMITH
Staff Reporter of THE WALL STREET JOURNAL
California's two biggest utilities are losing so much
money buying electricity in the state's deregulated
market that they have run up deficits equivalent to half
their net worth in just four months.
If the cost of wholesale power continues to exceed the
price these utilities are allowed to bill their
customers, as currently seems likely, they could become
technically insolvent sometime next year. That would put
pressure on regulators to orchestrate a
multibillion-dollar public bailout, similar to the "too
big to fail'' response that in the past pushed
governments to rescue banks.
Such a scenario is quietly being discussed by bond-rating
concerns that recently reduced their credit outlooks for
Pacific Gas & Electric Co., a unit of San Francisco-based
PG&E Corp., and Southern California Edison, a unit of
Edison International of Rosemead, Calif. Bond- rating
concerns say they aren't sure how much additional debt
can be borne by the two affected utilities before they
will have difficulty paying their bills.
Probe of California Power Prices Begins, but New Plants
Aren't Seen as Solution (Sept. 11)
Los Angeles Utility Is Benefitting, Surprisingly, From
Deregulation (Sept. 6)
California Lawmakers Vote to Limit Electricity Costs
(Sept. 1)
"If this is just a seasonal aberration, the utilities can
get through it," says Lori Woodland, analyst for Fitch
IBCA. "If it goes on for six or nine months, it's a very
serious situation." Adds A.J. Sabatelle, senior credit
officer at Moody's Investors Service Inc.: "At some
point, you have a financial crisis."
The utilities say they are having no difficulty meeting
expenses and don't envision problems in servicing their
debts. But they are vigorously lobbying state and federal
regulators to change the rules of the game, hoping
somehow to raise rates to make up for the shortfall. The
California utilities' experience may be a harbinger of
what could happen in other states where wholesale power
prices have surpassed the amount that utilities are
allowed to charge their ratepayers.
For now, utilities are making ends meet by going to the
financial markets to borrow money. PG&E, a giant utility
that serves one out of every 20 Americans, is seeking
approval to increase its debt capacity by $1.4 billion.
It is borrowing $200 million, while Edison is tapping
$250 million from the commercial paper market. "This is
going to be a long, tough road," says Jim Scilacci, chief
financial officer for Southern California Edison.
Today's situation represents a complete turnabout from
what was expected when California deregulated its energy
market on March 31, 1998, which opened electricity
pricing to competition. California tried to give its
utilities a competitive edge nationally by deregulating
faster than other states and by creating a mechanism to
allow investor-owned utilities, such as PG&E and Edison,
to quickly pay down debts incurred to serve customers
under the old regulatory system.
To do this, the state legislature set retail rates at
high levels, which, at first, generated fat surpluses for
the utilities. As the money piled up, utilities used it
to pay down debts for generation facilities that were
otherwise unprofitable in the new deregulated world. By
the end of this June, PG&E and Edison together had
collected more than $12 billion and were on track to
finish paying down debts well ahead of the March 31,
2002, deadline set by the legislature. At that point,
rate freezes were to end and retail prices were to
fluctuate with the market.
But all that went out the window in June, when wholesale
power prices surged, topping the rates the utilities were
allowed to charge retail customers. Average prices at
state-sanctioned energy markets were four to five times
the prices of a year earlier, and three to four times the
level utilities could charge customers.
The accumulated shortfall has been so enormous at PG&E,
that analysts expect its deficit to exceed $3 billion by
Oct. 31, more than half its shareholder equity of $5.7
billion, which is defined as assets minus liabilities.
Southern California Edison finished August with a deficit
of $2 billion, equivalent to almost two-thirds its net
worth of $3.2 billion. The utilities, though they have
been accumulating deficits, aren't required to report
these as losses on their earnings statements.
That leaves utilities in a bind. They want to end the
rate freeze to be able to pass on the real cost of
electricity to consumers. But should the freeze end
before the statutory deadline of 2002, they get
clobbered. That is because they will immediately have to
book a loss on their power-purchase deficits. What's
more, they can't use the proceeds from planned
power-plant sales to cover those losses; instead, should
the freeze end, they will be obliged to refund some of
the proceeds to ratepayers. In PG&E's case, the refunds
could total $500 million, while in Edison's case, the
amount is $254 million.
Publicly at least, utility executives insist a mechanism
will be found to let them recoup the money spent on
electricity.
Consumer advocates are gearing up for the fight. Nettie
Hoge, executive director for San Francisco consumer group
Utility Reform Network, says ratepayers shouldn't end up
footing the bill for a deal cut by utilities that
benefited them before prices shot up.
Utility executives are now distancing themselves from the
legislation that got them into such a mess, which was
drafted with their assistance. PG&E Chairman Robert Glynn
says it is best not to "overanalyze" the "old deal."
Instead, he says, regulators and legislators should sit
down with utilities and construct a new agreement, since
"it's in the broad interests of the state not to have
critical energy infrastructure look like a leper."
Mr. Glynn says the current deal offers "mutually assured
destruction" to both utilities and ratepayers. Something
must be done, he says, or consumers throughout most of
the state will experience "a San Diego-style rate shock."
The utility serving that city, San Diego Gas & Electric
Co., ended its freeze a year ago and began passing
wholesale power costs directly through to ratepayers.
Legislators intervened this summer, however, and
temporarily capped retail rates when monthly power bills
nearly tripled. The utility, a unit of Sempra Energy, is
also accumulating a deficit as a result.
So long as banks and bond markets believe the utilities
will be repaid, they will be able to borrow, analysts
say. "Until we hear politicians of consequence state
otherwise, our position is that we believe the utilities
will be made whole," says Richard Cortright, a director
at Standard & Poor's corporate ratings group.
But that opinion could change if it looks like the
utilities will have to swallow a big loss. The result:
lower credit ratings that would raise borrowing costs and
could trigger a downward spiral. "You're talking about
top-rated companies, though," said Ms. Woodland of Fitch
IBCA. "To get to insolvency, a lot would have to happen."
In the meantime, utilities are doing all they can to
control the hemorrhaging. They have gotten authority from
regulators to buy more power under long-term contracts at
fixed prices, reducing their vulnerability to spot-market
volatility. And they have petitioned federal regulators
to declare California's market so badly flawed that
generators should be denied market pricing and, even,
ordered to pay refunds.
Nevertheless, several forces are working against them.
Although they can sign bilateral contracts, prices remain
high for those as well. What's more, they can't buy less
power than their customers need. If they don't buy
enough, the California Independent System Operator, the
organization responsible for reliability, will step in
and make purchases for them and send them the bill.
Perhaps the biggest problem facing PG&E and Edison,
though, is one of timing. The California legislature is
out of session until December, and regulators haven't
even really started to address the issue formally. In the
meantime, the utilities' deficit is growing by tens of
millions of dollars daily.
Write to Rebecca Smith at rebecca.smith@wsj.com
Looks good.  How about a point about the need to connect new generation=20
quickly.
=09Sarah Novosel
=0909/26/2000 09:55 PM
=09=09=20
Below is my first rough draft of a letter that could be sent from consumers=20
to FERC Chairman Hoecker.  Due to technical difficulties, I could not attach=20
the letter in a separate document, so I copied the letter and have reprinted=20
it below.
Having never been involved in this type of letter writing campaign, this was=20
a bit of a stab in the dark for me, so I welcome everyone's comments.  I am=20
also working on a letter that could be sent by senior management or CEOs of=20
high tech firms, but I wanted to get your feedback on this format before I=20
went forward on the high tech letter.
Let me know if you have any questions or comments.
Sarah
September 26, 2000
The Honorable James Hoecker
Federal Energy Regulatory Commission
888 First Street, N.E.
Washington, D.C.
Re: Electric Power Industry Reform
Dear Chairman Hoecker:
We are consumers or represent consumers of electric power.  We write to urge=20
you and your colleagues to take the initiative to address the intolerable=20
shortages and extreme price volatility that have become all too common in the=20
electric power industry.  It is imperative that the Federal Energy Regulatory=20
Commission proceed expeditiously with the reforms needed to support a=20
competitive and efficient power supply industry to ensure a reliable supply=20
of power at the lowest possible cost to consumers.
There are many actions you and your colleagues should take to ensure that the=20
power supply in the U.S. remains sufficient and is available at reasonable=20
prices.  For example, you and your colleagues should remove roadblocks in the=20
nation=01,s electricity gird.  Under the current system, FERC regulations allow=20
many companies that own transmission systems to restrict access to their=20
transmission lines by competing electricity suppliers.  The result of this=20
policy is shortages, blackouts and skyrocketing prices.  Like the interstate=20
highway system, FERC should allow electricity to move from one state to=20
another just as freely as motorists do.  All electricity suppliers should=20
have the same access to the transmission lines in order to transport power to=20
where it is most needed.
FERC should also discourage electricity suppliers=01, reliance on spot and=20
short-term electricity markets for power supply.  Instead, FERC should urge=20
suppliers to purchase a portion of their power needs under long-term=20
contracts.  Locking in electricity costs at fixed prices protects consumers=20
from unexpected price swings that can be financially devastating.
We strongly urge you and your colleagues to seize the initiative on these=20
reforms.  Consumers deserve a power supply industry that is both more=20
reliable and economical.=20
Very truly yours,
I don't know.  Can we get someone in IT to respond?
Mary Clark
09/26/2000 05:42 PM
Steve, I believe the answer is that we don't mandate a specific format for 
dates for all locations but rather use what is done locally -- just like this 
employee's recollection.  Do you agree?
Mary
Richard Causey
07/14/2000 07:14 AM
Mary, Rick is on vacation and I am monitoring his email.  This question has 
come up before and we sent it to Philippe Bibi.  It is a computer question.
Mary Clark
07/13/2000 11:27 AM
Rick, can you prepare a response to this question for Ken, Jeff and Joe?  If 
you're not the right contact for this, do you know who is?  I need a response 
by Aug. 3.  Thanks.
Mary
David M Fabian@ECT
07/13/2000 11:14 AM
Dear Ms. Clark,
Here is my question:
Would you allow our staff and customers to vote on Enron adopting the 
International Standards Organization Specification for formatting dates (i.e. 
"YYYY-MM-DD 
Please let me know if you would like me to send you a list of the many 
advantages in using the ISO standards.
I asked Ken Lay this question a few years ago, but he thought we should use 
local customs; however, as we are becoming more international and more 
internet-based, the ISO standard is becoming more advantageous.
Thank you,
Dave Fabian
FYI
"Hunt, Hunter L"  	09/27/2000 11:25 AM
- FactSheet-LatestDraft-09272000.doc
It's fine with me.
Mary Clark
09/27/2000 11:23 AM
Steve, our theme for the stock celebration is "Oh, The Places You'll Go which is the title of a Dr. Seuss book.  Everyone on the team loves this idea 
because the messages in the book represent Enron thinking and culture.  In 
case, you aren't familiar with the book, Beth Tilney has a copy.  Our plan is 
to give every employee a book, which will have a note of appreciation on the 
inside cover from Ken, Jeff and Joe.  We are contacting Random House (who 
will contact the Seuss estate) to see if we can purchase 20,000 copies and to 
get permission to use some of the copy in our internal communication 
materials. The per unit cost is considerably lower due to the volume.
We think employees will like this idea.  What do you think?
Mary
Please send regrets
"Payne, Jeanne"  	09/26/2000 03:26 PM
SK - THIS IS THE SAME DAYS AS THE MANAGEMENT CONFERENCE SHOULD I GO AHEAD AND LET JEANNE PAYNE KNOW THAT YOU WILL NOT BE ATTENDING mm
Hello Mr. Kean
Are you planning to attend the Board Meeting in Naples, Florida, November
15-17.  I just want to remind you that our block of hotel rooms will be
released Friday, October 13.
Jeanne Payne
payne@bipac.org
It looks like Enron Japan was kept in the loop.  Let's keep it up.  Good luck
Loretta Brelsford@_DEVELOPMENT
02/18/2000 04:59 PM
Steve - regarding the voice mail you left for Rebecca about the EBS visitors, 
you can see from the note below that Wrobel and Hirl were notified and in 
fact they are working out of the E-Power office.  Thanks for ensuring Rebecca 
is kept in the loop.  Loretta
FYI
To all
We have 5 visitors from EBS next week.
Please find their schedules as follows:
Jim Row: IN 20th (Sun)  - OUT 29th (Tue)
Sarah Goodpaster: IN 20th (Sun) -  OUT 29th (Tue)
Colin Jackson: IN 20th (Sun) - OUT 26th (Sat)
Donald Lassere: IN 20th (Sun) - OUT 26th (Sat)
George Babaz: IN 23rd (Wed) - OUT 26th (Sat)
They  are going to stay Park Hyatt Tokyo.
And also please find the contact details for them in Tokyo as follows:
Epower Corporation
Address: Shinjuku Center Building 50th Floor, 1-25-1, Nishi-Shinjuku,
Shinjuku-ku, Tokyo 163-0650 Japan
Office switchboard: (03) 5324-9360 (From overseas: 81-3-5324-9360)
Office fax: (03) 5324-9384 (From overseas: 81-3-5324-9384)
Jim direct in: (03) 5324-9392 (From overseas: 81-3-5324-9392)
Jim cell phone: 090-7188-3706(From overseas 81-90-7188-3706)
Sarah direct in: (03) 5324-9505 (From overseas: 81-3-5324-9505)
Sarah cell phone: 090-7188-2367(From overseas 81-90-7188-2367)
Direct in for Colin, Donald and George: (03) 5324-9389 (From overseas:
81-3-5324-9389)
Park Hyatt Tokyo
Address: 3-7-1-2, Nishi-Shinjuku, Shinjuku-ku, Tokyo 163-1055 Japan
Switchboard: (03) 5322-1234 (From overseas: 81-3-5322-1234)
Fax: (03) 5322-1288 (From overseas: 81-3-5322-1288)
Minasan dozo yoroshiku onegai shimasu.
,
Tomoko Shigeta
- att1.htm
See if there is anythiing of use in here for your high tech group messages.
Rob Bradley
09/25/2000 10:31 AM
The JP Morgan report below gives further credence to the Mills/Huber thesis 
of digital-age power growth.  The in-the-trenches story is different from 
some of the academic studies by the conservation mavens.
- Rob
- jp morgan.pdf
Please post the JP MOrgan doc. on our site
Rob Bradley
09/25/2000 10:31 AM
The JP Morgan report below gives further credence to the Mills/Huber thesis 
of digital-age power growth.  The in-the-trenches story is different from 
some of the academic studies by the conservation mavens.
- Rob
- jp morgan.pdf
Cindy Derecskey
09/25/2000 10:25 AM
Andrew Morrison@ECT
09/25/2000 09:38 AM
Mark
This came up on the wire over the week-end - apparently it is based on a 
previously released story, so you may have already seen it.
You are quoted mid-way through re Houston emissions.
Tx
Andrew
Meet Enron, Bush's biggest contributor
Pratap Chatterjee
09/01/2000
The Progressive
23
rights reserved.
Early last October, members of the ninth grade girls' track team
and the boys' football team at suburban Houston's Deer Park High
School's north campus returned from practice reporting severe
breathing problems. That day, Deer Park registered 251 parts of
ozone per billion, more than twice the federal standard, and Houston
surpassed Los Angeles as the smoggiest city in the United States.
One of the biggest contributors to Deer Park's pollution is a plant
owned by Enron, Houston's wealthiest company. Enron and its
executives are also the single largest contributors ($550,000 and
counting) to the political ambitions of Texas Governor George W
Bush, Republican candidate for President of the United States.
Kenneth Lay, the chief executive of Enron, has personally given at
least $250,000 in soft money to Bush's political campaigns. He is
also one of the "Pioneers"-a Bush supporter who has collected
$100,000 in direct contributions of $1,000 or less.
What is Enron? And what does it get in return for this largesse?
Enron is the largest buyer and seller of natural gas in the
country. Its 1999 revenues of $40 billion make it the eighteenth
largest company in the United States. Enron invests in energy
projects in countries around the world, including Argentina,
Bolivia, Brazil, China, India, Indonesia, Mozambique, and the
Philippines.
The company has recently expanded onto the Internet, buying and
selling a dizzying array of products ranging from pulp and paper to
petrochemicals and plastics, as well as esoteric products like clean
air credits that utilities purchase to meet emission limits.
Texas activists say that the tight connection between Bush and Lay
bodes ill if Bush is elected. Andrew Wheat, from Texans for Public
Justice, a campaign finance advocacy group in Austin, compares the
symbiotic relationship between Enron and the governor to
"cogeneration"-a process used by utilities to harness waste heat
vented by their generators to produce more power. "In a more
sinister form of cogeneration, corporations are converting economic
into political power," he says. "A Bush election fueled by Enron
dollars could ignite in the public policy arena, and consumers would
get burned."
And so may people in the Third World.
Amnesty International and Human Rights Watch have both criticized
Enron for colluding with police who brutally suppressed protests at
the company's giant power plant in western India. The plant's
operating firm is called the Dabhol Power Company. From 1992 to
1998, Enron owned 80 percent of it, with General Electric and
Bechtel each holding a 10 percent share. (In 1998, the Indian state
electricity board bought a 30 percent share of the company, which
reduced Enron's stake to 50 percent.)
For years, the plant has been the site of many nonviolent protests.
"The project has met with opposition from local people and
activists from elsewhere in India on the grounds of its social,
economic, and environmental impact," Amnesty wrote in a July 1997
report. "Protesters and activists have been subjected to harassment,
arbitrary arrest, preventive detention under the ordinary criminal
law, and ill treatment. Amnesty International considers those who
have been subjected to arrest and temporary periods of imprisonment
as a result of undertaking peaceful protest to be prisoners of
conscience, imprisoned solely for exercising their right to freedom
of expression."
Amnesty's report found that "women, who have been at the forefront
of local agitation, appear to have been a particular target."
Just before dawn on June 3, 1997, police stormed the homes of
several women. "The policemen forcibly opened the door and dragged
me out of the house into the police van parked on the road. (While
dragging me) the police kept beating me on my back with batons. The
humiliation meted out to the other members of my family was similar
to the way I was humiliated. . . . My one-and-a-half year-old
daughter held on to me but the police kicked her away," says
Sugandha Vasudev Bhalekar-a twenty-four-year-old housewife who was
three months pregnant at the time of her arrest, according to
Amnesty's report. Amnesty found that another pregnant woman was
beaten and several other women sustained injuries, including
bruising, abrasions, and lacerations on arms and legs.
Amnesty said the police involved in suppressing protests included
"the Special Reserve Police [SRP] on the site of the company." It
added: "The involvement of the SRP in the harassment of protesters
indicates the need for the three U.S. multinationals participating
in the joint venture to take steps to ensure that all the management
and staff of the DPC [Dabhol Power Company)-in particular, any
security staff subcontracted to, seconded to, or employed by the
company-are trained in human rights and are fully accountable for
their actions.
A January 1999 investigation by Human Rights Watch came to a
stronger conclusion. "Human Rights Watch believes that the Dabhol
Power Corporation and its parent company Enron are complicit in
these human rights violations," it said. "The company, under
provisions of law, paid the abusive state forces for the security
they provided to the company. These forces, located adjacent to the
project site, were only stationed there to deal with protests. In
addition, contractors (for DPC) engaged in a pattern of harassment,
intimidation, and attacks on individuals opposed to the Dabhol Power
project. . . . The Dabhol Power Corporation refused to acknowledge
that its contractors were responsible for criminal acts and did not
adequately investigate, condemn, or cease relationships with these
individuals."
Enron denies any wrongdoing. "While we respect the mission of Human
Rights Watch, we do not feel that its report on the Dabhol Power
project is accurate," says an Enron spokesperson. "The report refers
to peaceful protests, when, in fact, the reason the police were
positioned near our site is that there have been many acts of
violence against our employees and contractors. Dabhol Power Company
has worked hard to promote positive relations with the community.
Unfortunately, the good relationship we have built with a large
percentage of the community was not reflected in the report. Enron
is committed to providing energy and communications services while
preserving the human rights of citizens and our workers."
Enron has also raised a stink in Bolivia with its involvement in
the Cuiaba Integrated Energy Project. The project is run by
Transredes, Bolivia's hydrocarbon transport company, which came into
being in 1997 after Bolivia privatized its oil sector under the
influence of the World Bank. A joint venture of Enron and Shell owns
50 percent of Transredes. On January 31, 2000, a Transredes oil
pipeline erupted and dumped an estimated 10,000 barrels of refined
crude oil and gasoline into the Desaguadero River, which supports
indigenous communities such as the Uru Muratos.
"This problem is Transredes's number one priority, and we are
committed to continue to work hard to mitigate the short- and
long-term social and environmental impact," wrote Steve Hopper,
president of Transredes, in a letter addressed "To the People of
Bolivia" on February 7.
Facing starvation from the Loss of their life-sustaining waterfowl
and fish, the Uru Muratos left their ancestral lands at the southern
shores of Lake Poopo in April and marched eighty-five miles to the
city of Oruro to ask for government help.
"We subsequently reached an agreement with them to provide certain
levels of relief and assistance," says Keith Miceli, general manager
for public relations for Enron, South America.
In its actions overseas, Enron has made a practice of taking
advantage of corporate welfare. And it has enlisted George W Bush in
this effort.
For example, in March 1997, Lay wrote a letter to Bush that was
subsequently released to the press under Texas open records laws,
asking him to contact every member of the Texas delegation in
Congress to explain how "export credit agencies of the United States
are critical to U.S. developers like Enron, who are pursuing
international projects in developing countries." These agencies
include the Overseas Private Investment Corporation (OPIC), which
provides political risk coverage and financial support to U.S.
companies investing abroad.
"OPIC provided financing or insurance coverage worth almost $300
million for Enron's foreign projects just last year, according to
government records," The New York Times reported. "Enron officials
have in the past asked Mr. Bush to help lobby lawmakers to
appropriate funds of OPIC, as well as for the Export-Import Bank,
another federal agency that aids American companies abroad."
Enron received $200 million in political risk insurance for the
Dabhol project in 1996. And it received $200 million in insurance
from OPIC in 1999 for its Bolivian project.
The Enron Methanol plant in Pasadena, Texas, lies in the Houston
Ship Channel area, the nation's largest concentration of
petrochemical plants just east of the city. The plant has won
special concessions from Governor Bush, allowing the company to
pollute without a permit, as well as giving it immunity from
prosecution for violating some environmental standards.
Plants like this in Texas cumulatively emit twice as much nitrogen
oxide, a key ingredient of smog, as do all the nine million cars in
Texas put together.
Only 7 percent of the more than 3,500 tons of nitrogen oxide
emitted by the Enron Methanol plant in 1997 would have been
permitted had Enron not gotten away with this under the "grandfather
clause" of the 1971 Texas Clean Air Act, which allows plants built
before 1971 to continue their polluting practices. Bush extended
this clause under the 1999 Clean Air Responsibility Enterprise
(CARE) program that his office drew up in a series of secret
meetings with representatives of the top polluters in the state, as
Molly Ivins reported. CARE waives permit requirements for plants
that volunteer to cut emissions.
The CARE program is backed up by an act that Bush signed in May
1995 giving sweeping protections to polluters that perform internal
environmental or safety audits. The law makes these audit documents
confidential and allows polluters to escape responsibility for
environmental violations. To date, Enron has conducted five such
audits and filed for immunity from prosecution for violations of the
law, according to the Texas Natural Resources Conservation
Commission (TNRCC), the state equivalent of the Environmental
Protection Agency.
Tamara Maschini, who lives about five miles from the Enron plant,
is one of the founders of a local environmental group called Clean
Air Clear Lake.
"Whole families in this neighborhood have asthma because of the
pollution from plants like Enron," she says.
Mark Palmer, head of public relations for Enron, says that the
company's contribution to local pollution is minimal.
"If the grandfather clause was canceled right now, we would benefit
the most of any of the companies in Texas because our nitrogen oxide
emissions add up to less than half a percent of the total," he says.
Last year, the Bush campaign borrowed Enron's corporate jets eight
times to fly aides around the country, more times than any of the
thirty-four other companies that made their company aircraft
available to the Presidential hopeful.
And Lay often acts as George W. Bush's chaperone.
On April 7, 2000, he played host to Bush and his father, the former
President, at the Houston Astros' first home game of the season. The
game was held in the baseball team's brand new stadium-Enron
Field-which was built with the help of a $100 million donation from
Enron. (The company got free advertising, a tax break, and a $200
million contract to supply power to the stadium in return.)
Less than three weeks later, Lay joined candidate Bush in
Washington, D.C., for a Republican fundraiser that topped all
previous records by bringing in a staggering $21.3 million, easily
the biggest one-night haul for any political party in history.
"Ken Lay is a noted business leader in Texas who has long been
active in Republican politics," says Ray Sullivan, a spokesman for
the Bush campaign. "He is chair of the Governor's Business Council.
But the governor has his own agenda based on what he believes is
best for Texas and for the country."
For his part, Lay tries to put his contributions in a favorable
light. "When I make contributions to a candidate, it is not for some
special favor, it's not even for access-although I'll be the first
to admit it probably helps access," he told The New York Times. "It
is because I'm supporting candidates I strongly believe in
personally."
In January 1999, Enron pitched in $50,000 to help pay for Bush's
inaugural bash in Austin, Texas, after he won reelection for
governor. Today, the polls show that George W Bush has a better than
even chance of winning the Presidential election. If he does, it is
very likely Ken Lay will be pitching in for another inaugural bash.
Pratap Chatterjee works for the on-line magazine "Corporate Watch which ran an earlier version of this story. The magazine can be
reached at www. corpwatch. org.
See if she wants to meet with me when I get back.
Mary Alison Bailey@ECT
09/22/2000 06:00 PM
Becky Bruce would like to meet on Sept. 28th from 3:00 pm to 4:00 pm in 
EB11C2 to review resumes of candidates to be interviewed.  You are able to 
access the resumes on the website (www.resumelink.com/grad  -   Jones School 
-  Id  Rice Grads  -  password  cpcowls).  Hard copies will be available at 
the meeting.
Please RSVP to Alison Bailey by return e-mail so that I can make sure the 
room is large.
Thanks
Please post and circulate to the team.
Robert Neustaedter@_DEVELOPMENT
09/19/2000 11:44 AM
As discussed in last Friday's meeting on strategies related to higher energy 
prices, Harry asked me to develop the attached projection of delivered gas 
prices for this winter.
The projection is based upon EIA's monthly analysis of delivered gas prices 
for residential, commercial and industrial customers for selected states 
(Connecticut, Virginia, Illinois and Texas) for the 1999-2000 winter heating 
season (Nov-Mar).  Assuming pipeline and LDC mark-ups remain constant, the 
delivered prices were adjusted for the NYMEX Henry Hub projection of wellhead 
prices for the 2000-2001 winter period.  A national projection is also 
included.
Because the commodity portion of the gas bill for residential customers is a 
smaller percent of the total bill compared to commercial and industrial 
customers, the increase for residential customers will be less pronounced 
than for commercial or industrial customers.  In addition, LDC purchased gas 
cost mechanisms will moderate the effect of the price increase to some extent 
because monthly price increases are averaged out over an extended period (12 
months in some cases).  Furthermore, some state public utility commissions 
(e.g. Connecticut) are conducting meetings with LDCs to discuss looking for 
ways to lessen the impact of the projected increases. That being said, Nipsco 
recently announced residential prices are expected to increase 50-60% this 
winter over last winter (in line with the projection for Illinois).
If you are interested in a similar projection for other states, or have 
comments with respect to the above let me know.
Please pst and circulate to the team.  We probably need to open a new section 
on the site to adress gas prices.
Shelley Corman
09/07/2000 05:34 PM
I anticipate that GPG management will be asked at several upcoming industry 
meetings to comment on the reasons for and implications of rising natural gas 
prices.  Attached is a  proposed set of talking points for use in Q&A and 
briefing materials.    Please let me know if you find these message points to 
be consistent with our general Enron response to pricing inquiries.
Submit a Pac request and keep Tom posted on when and where.
Cynthia Sandherr
09/07/2000 05:05 PM
Steve:  Congressman Chet Edwards is having a fundraiser in Houston, October 
10th, 5:30-7:30 p.m. at Reliant's Bruce Gibson's home in River Oaks (2178 
Troon).  Drayton McLane will attend.  They are looking for $1000 to host or 
$500 sponsor.  Congressman Edwards has been very helpful with our defense 
procurement issues, and we have contributed to him recently.  The 
Congressman's main request was to include Ken Lay's name on their invitation 
which Ken Lay graciously agreed to do so the Congressman is most pleased Thus, the remaining request to attend and give additional money is up to you, 
although if we have room in our budget and Ken Lay or Tom White were 
available, I would recommend their attendance.
I think I confirmed for this already, but could you check and put on my 
calendar and put this in the meeting file.
Sherri Sera
09/05/2000 10:07 AM
Steve, I spoke with Ginger about your availability to deliver a keynote 
address at a Maguire Energy Institute conference on "Electricity Deregulation 
Report Card" on November 1.  Jeff is on this board, and they asked us if we 
could enlist Ken Lay to deliver this keynote.  Ken is scheduled to be at a 
board meeting in Washington this date, so is not available.   I suggested 
that you may be a suitable replacement, and they are very interested in the 
prospect of your participation.
The link below is to the website for this conference, and the keynote would 
be delivered from 1:00p-1:30p, immediately following the luncheon.  Please 
let me know if you are available and willing to deliver this keynote; I would 
appreciate a response today if possible.
Thanks, SRS
Sherri,
The link to the Maguire Energy Institute's "Electricity Deregulation Report
Card" is  
Thanks for your help.
Allen Mesch
Director
Maguire Energy Institute
Edwin L. Cox School of Business
Southern Methodist University
PO Box 750333
Dallas, TX  75275-0333
Phone: 214-768-3692
Fax: 214-768-4099
E-mail: amesch@mail.cox.smu.edu
Internet Site 
I think it's a good document and carves out some solid policy ground for 
Bush.  I think the electricity section needs some additions though.  There is 
not a lot that the current administration can do about siting new plants and 
power lines -- its largely a state and local decision.  Further, the problem 
has been less about government failing to provide adequate incentives to 
utilities than it has been about a failure of the current commission to 
opening the grid on a nondiscriminatory basis.  Once utilities are in the 
open access transmission business they will look for ways to invest in the 
grid and stop getting in the way of independent power producers who want to 
connect to the grid.  The answer is open access, so power can get from where 
it is to where it is needed.  This has been clear for a long time, yet the 
current administration (and its appointees on FERC) have yet to use their 
authority to make this happen.  The result: spiking prices and reliability 
problems.
"Hunt, Hunter L"  	09/27/2000 11:25 AM
- FactSheet-LatestDraft-09272000.doc
calendar and meeting file
epsa@mindspring.com
09/27/2000 02:32 PM
Please respond to epsa
- fax to members 3_1.TIF
- fax to members 3_2.TIF
- fax to members 3_3.TIF
- fax to members 3_4.TIF
- fax to members 3.doc
On the advice of my much esteemed spouse, I would like  to express great 
interest in this group.  Thanks
Steve -
I made a mistake in my earlier email. Our Council of Overseers does not yet
have a written charter. However, it really is a key advisory group to the
Jones School.
gil
Looks good
Mark Palmer
09/27/2000 02:09 PM
Here's the draft that Allegretti is sending.
Mark Palmer
09/26/2000 04:08 PM
I've taken the editor's pencil to Dan's draft.  Here's the result:
Kirk Johnson's September 26th article, Debate on Need for New Power Plants 
Ignores Conservation, leaves readers with the misperception that competitive 
electricity markets discourage conservation.  True customer choice proves 
otherwise.
My company supplies electricity to a number of businesses in Maine.  One of 
these customers is a  paper mill that uses more electricity than thousands of 
homes.  When New England power prices temporarily spiked last May, we 
actually paid the mill to shut down ... which they were more than happy to 
do.  As a result, the customer made money, the grid worked better, and 
residential customers didn't hear a word about "brownouts."
The financial rewards in the open market create much better incentives to 
conserve than do the bureaucratic, one-size-fits-all programs of the 
regulatory elite.  It's proving true in Maine, why not give New York and 
other states the same choice?
Dan Allegretti
Enron Corp.
If you like it, send it to the Letters to the Editor section at the New York 
Times.  The protocol is on the editorial page.
Thanks for the quick response, 
Mark
calendar
=09Lexi Elliott
=0909/27/2000 01:12 PM
=09=09=20
Dear Rice Team:
This event is scheduled for October 5th. Would any of you like to volunteer=20
to participate?  Any chefs out there 
Thanks!
lexi
Heidi Glantzberg  
Dust off your best recipe!
Round up the ingredients!
And lasso the most student votes!
Rice University's 9th Annual Recruiter Chili Cook-Off
Thursday, Oct. 5th    Ray Courtyard, Student Center
4pm-6pm
If you haven't done so already, make sure to fax over your form for
our annual Recruiter Chili Cook-Off.  This is a great opportunity to
meet with students in an informal setting.  The students taste your
chili and then they vote for the best.  It's held 2 hours before the
Rice vs. Fresno game.  There will be free hotdogs, sodas, and beer
for everyone.  A zydeco band will provide the entertainment and each
company will be given 4 complimentary football tickets for the 6pm
game.  It's a lot of fun!  Don't miss out!
Some of our past winners include:  Andersen Consulting, Enron, DSC
Communications, and CSC Consulting
--
=06?=06?=06?=06?=06?=06?=06?=06?=06?=06?=06?=06?=06?=06?=06?=06?=06?=06?=06?=06?=06?=06?=06?=06?=06?=06?=06?=06?=06?=06?=06?=06?=06?=06?=06?=06?=06?=06?=06?=06?=06?=06?=06?=06?=06?=06?=06?=06?=06?=06?=06?=06?=06?=06?=06?=06?=06?=06?=06?=06?=06?=06?=06?=06?=06?=06?=06?=06?=06?=06?=06?=06?=06?=06?=06?=06?=06?=06?
Heidi Lee Glantzberg
Career Programs Manager
CAREER SERVICES CENTER
RICE UNIVERSITY
6100 S. Main Street, MS - 521
Houston, TX  77005
713-348-4055
I would like to do this, but I have a speaking engagement the next day -- do 
the time zones work out so that I can do both or do I need to find a sub for 
the nov 1 speech?
Joseph P Hirl
09/28/2000 08:09 PM
To commemorate the launch of our business activities and the opening of our 
office operations in Tokyo, Enron Japan requests the honor of your presence 
at a grand opening ceremony and reception.  Please mark your calendars, as we 
are scheduled to celebrate this new venture on Tuesday, October 31, 2000, 
6:30 to 8:30 p.m., Hotel Okura, Akebono Room, in Tokyo.
We are delighted to welcome the Prime Minister of Japan, Mr. Yoshiro Mori, 
who is currently scheduled to join Ken Lay in the traditional Japanese 
inauguration ceremony.  Dignitaries from Japanese government, key political 
figures and corporate leaders are invited to attend the event. 
You will receive an official invitation in due course, but in the meantime it 
would be very helpful if you could confirm by e-mail whether you expect to 
attend. Please respond to Mika.Watanabe@.
We look forward to welcoming you in Tokyo as we celebrate the grand opening 
of Enron Japan.
Yours sincerely,
Joseph P. Hirl      Otemachi 1st Square Bldg President and CEO     West 11th Floor
Enron Japan Corp.     1-5-1 Otemachi, Chiyoda-ku
Tokyo 100-0004
Tel. 81-3-5219-4500
Jeff Skilling proposed a solution to Gov Davis to solve the supply and 
pricing problems in the California market.  In summary, the proposal would 
have a neutral party conduct an auction wherein the utilities would seek bids 
for 5-10 year packages of power from suppliers.  The gov asked if anyone had 
successfully conducted such an auction in the industry already.
I need your help to identify and describe any such examples (European or 
North American) by mid day Monday. Jeff and I will have a follow up call with 
the governor on Monday.
Thanks
For the call with Davis this am 	Tim Belden@ECT
09/29/2000 09:14 PM
The attached spreadsheet contains indicative prices for northern California Call me if you have any questions.
Tim Belden
503-464-3820 (w)
503-701-5181 (c)
Tim,
Northern California Electricity Prices.
EM
let's bring him in
Christi L Nicolay@ECT
10/02/2000 12:29 PM
Don Morton, general counsel of Wabash Valley Power Association, a co-op in 
AEP's area, called me about Enron's protest of AEP's market based rates 
filing.  Wabash has filed an appeal in the DC Circuit of AEP/CSW merger (its 
brief is due 11/20).  He thinks FERC is out of control and not carrying on 
its duties.  Wabash is also preparing a protest of the Alliance compliance 
filing (due this Friday 10/6) on the following grounds:
Filing is really a continuation of pancaking
Does not want FERC to approve on a "conditional" basis (expecting Alliance to 
be a true RTO)--Wabash thinks that Alliance simply creates a larger profit 
center for AEP's transmission system
Mr. Morton also had some specific OASIS problem examples that happened to 
Wabash that involved preferential treatment for AEP.  I told him to call or 
email Scott Miller for the investigation.
Mr. Morton and Wabash CEO, Ed Martin, would like to come to Houston to visit 
with Enron about our concerns and about the possibility of making some joint 
filings.  His number is 317-481-2815.  Please let me know if I should set 
something up or if someone else would like to talk with him directly.
Per our discussion
Mary Hain@ECT
08/29/2000 08:17 PM
Mary Hain
08/29/2000 06:11 PM
Last Thursday, I made the first attached presentation to the FERC Staff at 
the power marketer's meeting on the FERC's investigation of the wholesale 
market in the West (and in particular California).  Ellen Wolf (of Tabors 
Caramanis) and I created this presentation building on previous presentations 
by Tim Belden and Dave Parquet.  In the presentation and the meeting we made 
the following points:
There isn't much FERC can do because the cause of the price spikes is not in 
the wholesale market.  We discouraged FERC from taking any action that would 
hurt the vibrant wholesale market in the California and the rest of the West 
as well.
High prices logically resulted from scarcity and if the Commission does 
anything it should (1) investigate whether market power was being exercised 
by any party and, (2) if necessary to protect the market (while still 
incenting needed generation) establish a price cap at a scarcity rent level 
equal to the price at which loads were willing to interrupt The IOUs have not properly prepared for the risk of high prices caused by 
scarcity.  They have failed to hedge and have underscheduled their load, 
therefore having to fill a large percentage of their load at ISO real time 
prices.  My analogy was that this was like day trading your retirement fund 
as an asset allocation scheme.
The market would function better if more information was provided to the 
market.
The Commission should do whatever it can to incent participation by load.
To see the presentation, detach, save, and view in Powerpoint.  When you do, 
you will find there are many "hidden" slides that were not part of the oral 
presentation but were provided to Staff in hard copy for additional 
information.
According to the head of the investigation (Scott Miller), the staff got alot 
more out of this meeting than Staff's previous meetings with the IOUs and the 
generators.  Based on the numerous phone calls I've been getting, the Staff 
is looking into the data we provided 
I have also attached a revised version of the presentation that Tim sent to 
Scott Miller on Friday.  Tim's version conveys the same message but takes a 
different approach to conveying the message.  On Friday, Tim talked to Scott 
and answered some additional questions.  Tim said that Enron is in favor of 
eliminating the mandatory PX buying requirement and would like the IOUs to be 
able to buy from Enron Online.  He also explained more fully the existence of 
scarcity  
STEVE KEAN
Executive Committee Weekly Meeting
Date:  Monday, October 9
Time:  11:00 a.m. (CDT)
Location: 50th Floor Boardroom
Video:  Connections will be established with remote locations upon request.
Conf call: AT&T lines have been reserved.  Please contact Sherri Sera 
(713/853-5984) 
or Katherine Brown (713/345-7774) for the weekly dial-in number and 
passcode.
Please indicate below whether or not you plan to attend this meeting and 
through what medium. 
Yes, I will attend in person ___X____
By video conference from _______
By conference call  _______
No, I will not attend  _______
Please return this e-mail to me with your response by 12:00 p.m., Friday, 
October 6.
Thank you, 
Katherine
See first item below
Ann M Schmidt
10/04/2000 08:44 AM
Letters
Letters
10/09/2000
Time Magazine
Time Inc.
12+
Byzantine Practices? 
I was flying over Bolivia's Chiquitano Forest as I read your article on the 
"old-time gas company" Enron [BUSINESS, Aug. 28]. Over the past year, this 
forest, the largest remnant of intact primary dry tropical forest in the 
world, has been bisected by a 30-ft.-wide gash for construction of a gas 
pipeline by Enron and Shell. Enron in its quest for profit has ignored the 
scientific advice of conservation organizations to maintain the ecological 
integrity of this endangered forest ecosystem. Enron and Shell decided to 
open the 10 million- acre forest to fragmentation and deforestation by their 
pipeline. Enron may be keeping pace with advancing technologies to plow ahead 
in global markets, but its environmental practices are Byzantine and pose a 
global threat to biodiversity. PATRICIA CAFFREY World Wildlife Fund-Bolivia 
Santa Cruz, Bolivia 
Arena foes launch bid to defeat new plan 
By ERIC BERGER 
Wednesday, October 4, 2000
A handful of activists, including a Harris County Green Party official and 
several low-tax proponents, launched an effort Tuesday to defeat a second 
plan to build a downtown arena. 
Unlike the 1999 opposition campaign, this year's anti-arena movement is not 
seeking a better financing deal for taxpayers. These activists want no arena 
at all. 
Although this year's opponents lack the nearly $700,000 their higher-profile 
predecessors spent last year, that has done little to diminish their 
rhetoric. 
"Should we spend our city's limited resources on building up rich guys, or do 
we spend it building up our communities?" asked activist DeWayne Lark, 
standing in front of City Hall. "There will be no more corporate welfare in 
Harris County Pro-arena campaign officials said Tuesday's event, which came about three 
weeks after their own kickoff, was more notable for who did not attend than 
for who did. 
Houston Aeros owner Chuck Watson, who funded a large chunk of last year's 
anti-arena effort, has endorsed the new deal. Gracie Saenz, a former city 
councilwoman and mayoral candidate who campaigned against the 1999 deal, also 
supports the new agreement. 
And although the Harris County Republican Party -- the primary organizer of 
the 1999 anti-arena effort -- has declined to support the new deal, it has 
not been as active in opposition as some of its members had hoped. 
In the GOP's stead this year is the Harris County Green Party, represented by 
Nathalie Paravicini, who said she rejects the argument that professional 
sports are critical to a city's identity. 
Arena boosters say a new downtown facility will promote Houston's image as a 
world-class city. 
"Civic pride is not measured by a sports team that is ready to leave town at 
the drop of a hat," she said. 
And organizers of the anti-arena campaign also suggested that conservative 
political activist Bruce Hotze would announce plans Thursday to take a major 
role in their efforts, possibly becoming campaign manager. 
Although Hotze lacks the political and financial stature of the pro-arena 
campaign co-chairmen, Enron Corp. Chairman and Chief Executive Ken Lay and 
former Reliant Energy Chairman Don Jordan, he comes from a politically active 
family that can raise large amounts of money. 
Hotze has said he does not believe government should be involved in building 
sports stadiums, but he has declined to say how much he was willing to get 
involved in the anti-arena effort. 
Lark said Hotze told him that he will actively raise funds to fight the 
arena. The group is expected to form a political action committee this week 
to collect contributions. 
The philosophy of the anti-sports-arena efforts has reverted to its 1996 
form, when a similar grass-roots effort coalesced to oppose the referendum to 
build a baseball stadium, which voters approved. That underfunded effort also 
opposed any public spending on stadiums, rather than merely trying to extract 
a better deal from team owners. 
Arena proponents this year have attracted most of their former foes, and 
certainly the best-known, to their ranks by altering the original proposal, 
which failed with voters last year by 10 percentage points. 
Still, they acknowledge that there will always be opposition in high-profile 
contests. 
"We never expected this to be a unanimous vote," said Jordan, the co-chairman 
of the pro-arena campaign, Let's Build it Together. "Some people will vote 
against anything 
FRANCE: Europe online power markets seen pressuring brokers.
By Stuart Penson
10/03/2000
Reuters English News Service
(C) Reuters Limited 2000.
PARIS, Oct 3 (Reuters) - Online trading is set to sweep through Europe's 
power markets, sending transaction fees sharply lower and piling the pressure 
on traditional brokers, industry executives and consultants said on Tuesday. 
Scores of web-based trading platforms, offering a variety of functions, are 
expected to enter the European wholesale power market in the near term, 
forcing brokers who work over the telephone to rethink their approach, they 
told an energy conference.
"Transaction fees in Europe are already falling and I think we're going to 
see a big decline over the next six months," said Gilbert Toppin, principal 
of Deloitte Consulting's European e-business practice. 
"Voice broking could become a distant memory," he told Reuters during the 
Powerisk 2000 conference. 
Leading the online charge in Europe's wholesale power market are EnronOnline, 
which launched last year, and HoustonStreet.com, which started up last week 
and is already planning to expand into Scandinavia. 
EnronOnline is a bilateral market in which Enron is always one party to a 
deal. HoustonStreet is a multilateral exchange. 
The major advantages for online markets over telephone brokers are seen as 
lower transaction costs and the ability to display a far wider range of 
prices to clients. 
Also, online trading is anonymous, which is attractive to traders, said Mark 
Crosno, president of electronic trading services at Altra Energy Technologies 
of the US. 
Altra is a partner with National Grid in EnMO in the UK, a consortium which 
runs a screen-based gas trading market and is planning to launch a power 
exchange. 
Many traditional brokers are still deciding how to respond to the online 
challenge. 
"A lot of brokers are scratching their heads because there are going to be 20 
or 25 electronic exchanges out there," said Per-Otto Wold, managing director 
of Natsource-Tullett Europe, one of Europe's biggest power brokers. 
Wold argued that doing a trade over the telephone was still, in most cases, 
the quickest method. And that would remain so until voice recognition enabled 
traders to "talk" to the screens on their desks. 
He expected brokers to focus on longer dated trades and options while online 
markets would capture a greater share of trading in short term, high volume 
contracts. 
The provision of market information and traders' liking for personal contact 
over the telephone would also help to preserve a niche for the voice brokers, 
said Wold. 
"The markets are still going to need somebody to massage the markets, and 
that is where the brokers come in," he said.
Just a "heads up" ... Ken may get a call from Gov Gilmore regarding the 
Republican Governors' Association.  Below are Sue Landwehr's recommendations 
(with which I concur).  Let me know if he calls and let us know if you need 
any additional information.
Richard Shapiro@
10/04/2000 07:17 AM
I agree w/ your recommendations.
Susan M Landwehr@EES
10/03/2000 09:50 PM
Rick--you may have seen a recent  letter from Gov Jim Gilmore and the RGA 
requesting that we make an additional contribution in the next few weeks to 
the RGA for their polling/advertising/grassroots efforts on the upcoming 
November elections.  They list a fundraising goal of $1,660,000 (just a bit 
aggressive!)  If we are not able to make an additional contribution,  he asks 
that we renew our 2001 annual membership of $40,000 now instead of in January 
of 2001.  If we do anything, my recommendation would be to cut a check now 
for our annual membership (the downside of doing that, of course, is that 
they will hit us a number of times in 2001 for incremental contributions to 
specific events/causes).
I bring this to your attention for two reasons-one is that if I know Governor 
Gilmore, he will probably make a call directly to Ken Lay and you and Steve 
may want to have an answer available if Mr. Lay gets the call.  Secondly, 
what are your thoughts on my response to RGA?  My preference would be to not 
commit to any additional dollars, with a fall back that if Gilmore does call 
Lay and he wants to respond positively, we then commit to renewing our 
membership early 
I think you are pretty busy over the next few days--please respond as your 
schedule allows.  THanks.
Please put on my calendar and call to confirm my attendance.  thanks
Steve -
I enjoyed our meeting last Monday and we are hard at work on a different
proposal designed to speed up or progress to the top ranks of the world's
best business schools. As you pointed out this is in our mutual interest as
well as the interests of much of the Houston business community.
I mentioned in our meeting the possibility of your joining the Council of
Overseers of the Jones School. This group consists of about 36 business
leaders, mostly from Houston but also includes individuals from as far away
as Saudi Arabia.
We meet about two times a year for an afternoon to discuss important policy
issues facing the Business School. I have found the advice and counsel
offered by the group to be extraordinarily helpful as we work on improving
the Jones School. The group is chaired by Dennis Hendrix, former CEO of
PanEnergy. I will fax you a list of the members and the charter of the group.
It so happens that we will be meeting next Wednesday afternoon from three
to five PM at Cohen House, the faculty club at Rice University and you
would be welcome to attend either as a new member or as a guest.
Interestingly, a presentation will be given by a group of faculty who have
interests in the area of e-commerce.
I will have my assistant fax this material to you shortly. Should you wish
to discuss this, I will be here all afternoon today as well as all of next
week.
gil
FYI
John Ambler@_DEVELOPMENT
10/03/2000 03:26 PM
Rosie, 
On September 25, 2000 the Tibetan Government-in-exile wrote Dr. Lay at the 
Beijing office address requesting that Enron cancel its participation in the 
Sebei-Lanzhou pipeline.   We faxed a copy of this communication to you a few 
minutes ago.  We have drafted the attached proposed response.  Rebecca 
McDonald concurs with the approach in this letter, which has been reviewed by 
the addressees of this message.  Your assistance in appropriately formatting 
and printing the letter for signature would be appreciated.  Please let me 
know if you have any questions or need assistance.
Thanks,
John
Mark has some editorial changes to the letter if there is still time
Mark.Schroeder@
10/04/2000 10:39 AM
Two suggestions:  I think the word "forgoing" should be "foregoing", and I
do not see the need for us to say what the Chinese Government decided, as
opposed to saying: "Subsequently, we understand the Chinese Government
decided . . . "   mcs
Sent by:  Steven J Kean@
FYI
John
Rosie,
On September 25, 2000 the Tibetan Government-in-exile wrote Dr. Lay at the
Beijing office address requesting that Enron cancel its participation in
the Sebei-Lanzhou pipeline.   We faxed a copy of this communication to you
a few minutes ago.  We have drafted the attached proposed response.
Rebecca McDonald concurs with the approach in this letter, which has been
reviewed by the addressees of this message.  Your assistance in
appropriately formatting and printing the letter for signature would be
appreciated.  Please let me know if you have any questions or need
assistance.
Thanks,
John
(See attached file: Tibet Letter from Ken Lay  092800.doc)
- Tibet Letter from Ken Lay  092800.doc
What do you think? If you think this would be useful, go ahead and order it.
"Dvorkin, Robert"  	10/03/2000 10:51 AM
Who's Who in the Leadership
of the United States
CD-ROM
The Leadership CD-Rom covers every sector of the business, government, 
professional and nonprofit worlds of the United States of America. Up-to-date 
and current, this CD-Rom functions as a powerful research tool, offering 
unparalleled access to the 400,000 individuals who comprise the institutional 
leadership of the United States.
The Leadership CD-Rom consists of the following 14 parts or directories:
CONGRESSIONAL DIRECTORY:
The most current information available on who's who in Congress, including 
senators and representatives, their committee and subcommittee assignments, 
and key staff.
FEDERAL DIRECTORY:
Identifies over 38,000 government officials in the Executive Office of the 
President, cabinet-level departments, and more than 70 federal agencies.
STATE DIRECTORY:
Provides information on over 35,000 state officials in the executive and 
legistative branches of the 50 U.S. State governments.
MUNICIPAL DIRECTORY:
Includes contact information for over 32,000 elected and administrative 
officials of leading cities, counties and local authorities in the United 
States.
FEDERAL REGIONAL DIRECTORY:
Information on over 36,000 federal decision-makers located outside of 
Washington, DC, enabling users to reach the offices with the appropriate 
jurisdictions.
JUDICIAL DIRECTORY:
Provides details on 3,200 federal and state judges, including staff and law 
clerks, with the law schools they attended, as well as detailed biographical 
information on each judge.
CORPORATE YELLOW PAGES:
Provides names and titles of over 51,000 executives and their corporations, 
the nature of each enterprise, including  more than 10,000 corporate board 
members and their business affiliations.
FINANCIAL DIRECTORY:
Includes over 36,000 leaders in all financial fields, with board member 
affiliations.  Provides individual titles, functions, and contact details.
NEWS MEDIA DIRECTORY:
Enables users to communicate their ideas or publicize information effectively 
to over 34,000 journalists at 2,700 national news media organisations.
ASSOCIATIONS DIRECTORY:
Lists over 43,000 officers at 1,100 trade and professional organisations, 
keeping users current with chief state executive turnover, changes in staff 
and governing boards, and mergers and name changes.
LAW FIRMS DIRECTORY:
Identifies over 23,000 partners who make the business decisions and manage 
the practice areas of the nation's 800 leading law firms.
GOVERNMENT AFFAIRS DIRECTORY:
Lists over 19,000 government affairs experts in fields such as legislative 
affairs, environmental affairs, and international trade. Details the issues 
they contest and the coalitions they form.
FOREIGN REPRESENTATIVES DIRECTORY:
Includes Information on foreign representatives at embassies, consulates and intergovernmental organisations in the United States. Lists U.S. 
executives of over 1,300 foreign corporations and more than 340 foreign 
financial institutions with offices in the United States.
NONPROFIT SECTOR DIRECTORY:
Provides contact information for over 40,000 nonprofit sector executives and 
trustees at over 1,000 nonprofit organizations, including foundations, 
colleges and universities and museums, performing arts groups and centers, 
medical institutions, library systems, preparatory schools, and charitable 
service organizations. 
Features of entries in this CD-Rom include up-to-date:
* Mailing address, telephone , fax  and e-mail information
* Website addresses
* Biographical information or Corporate/Organizational information
* Photograph of each listed individual
* Administrative support staff contact information
* plus much more !
Functions:
 Browse.  Browse each directory's table of contents by individual or 
organization name, or within an organisation by department.
 View.  View pages on screen as clearly and graphically as if they were in 
printed directories.
 Search.  Search with numerous selection criteria to create customised lists 
of individuals and organizations.
 Export.  Export search results in convenient formats for mailing lists or 
data base mergers.
 Link.  With an Internet connection, link from the CD-Rom to thousands of 
websites and e-mail addresses  
The Leadership CD-Rom has over 55 indexes thus helping researchers to locate 
individuals and organisations throughout the United States in a wide variety 
of ways.
An essential reference tool for professional researchers, governments, 
libraries and corporations,  The Leadership CD-Rom is available in a easy to 
use Windows-based inferface enabling users quick access to vital information.
US$525.00 including delivery worldwide.
ORDER FORM
To purchase your copy of THE LEADERSHIP CD-ROM, please fill out this Order 
Form and return it to:
ASIA PACIFIC INFOSERV, GPO BOX 2987, SYDNEY 1043  AUSTRALIA
Tel: 61 2 4934.6290     Fax: 61 2 4934.3692     E-mail: aapi@aapi.com.au
ABN:  43 461 915 913
Please send ........  copies of THE LEADERSHIP CD-ROM @ only $US525.
Payment Options:
1.  A Cheque for $US ............ payable to Asia Pacific InfoServ is 
enclosed.
2.  A Bank Transfer for $US .......... has been made to your account.
Australia and New Zealand (ANZ) Banking Group,
Hunter Street, Newcastle, 2300  Australia
Account Name:  Asia Pacific InfoServ
Account No:        012770.351431638
3.   Visa / Mastercard facilities available.
Please send to:
___________________________________________________________
___________________________________________________________
___________________________________________________________
Remove -
If you would like to be removed from this list, reply to this message with 
the word REMOVE in the subject line.
What have they done for us?
Terence H Thorn@_DEVELOPMENT
10/03/2000 08:30 AM
Steve I need your help. Twice in the last three months I have run into the 
Chairman of AGA who has taken my head off for Enron not renewing its AGA 
dues. I understand that the dues had been paid by  Stan Horton who had 
decided that the pipeline group with INGAA representing it had no need for 
and received no benefit from the membership. I guess a few years back, when 
AGA "kicked" the pipelines out, they renegotiated the dues into some type of 
sub membership for around 85K.
AGA approached the gas marketing team and talked to Mike Roberts about 
renewing the membership and maintaining relations with his customers and 
later to Jeff Shankman who passed them off to some other person and never got 
back to them as promised.  This is a heads up to tell you that Bob Catell of 
Brooklyn Union fame- one of Enron's oldest customers and friends will be 
calling Lay.
It seems to me that pro rating the dues among ENA and EGM and maybe GPG might 
be a solution. Anyhow, I promised to pass on the complaint. Thanks.
Please see the attached voicemail that Steve received today from Woody 
Wodraska.
Peggy:  Steve Kean says it looks good to him.
Maureen
Peggy Mahoney@EES
10/05/2000 11:51 AM
For your review.
Gael Doar
10/04/2000 02:20 PM
Peggy -
Here is a draft press release which we intend to release before the market 
opens tomorrow, October 5, regarding the price for TNPC's stock.
It is my understanding that this is the format that complies with SEC 
requirements.  I have worked with Marc Manly in our office and David Stone of 
Vinson & Elkins.
Call me if you have any questions.
Gael
I won't be on the call, but will fax my comments to you this am
Twanda Sweet@ECT
10/06/2000 09:51 AM
Please be advised that there will be a conference call today at 11:30a.m. 
central standard time to discuss the draft response to CPUC.  The dial in 
number is 800-998-2462 (passcode 4672956).  If you have any questions, please 
call me at 713-853-5587.
Thanks.
Richard
Twanda Sweet
I've got a few too many speeches coming up.  You are probably in the best 
position to address this crowd (time for the student to teach the teacher but I'd understand if you think it would be awkward (the we should just 
decline).
Jeff Dasovich
10/05/2000 01:23 PM
Steve:  Let me know if you'd like to discuss.  I like Tim's idea re: maybe 
you should take the slot.   But in my view definitely not Skilling.  I think 
you saw my thoughts about this conference in a previous email exchange with 
Schroeder re: Littlechild 
Also, they're breaking my arms and legs about sponsoring ($3-5K range).  I 
had a thought that maybe EBS could stream the conference as an in-kind 
contribution---the PR that EBS gets out of streaming might outweigh the cost 
of providing gratis.  I had only raised it as a thought, though, and am 
surprised to see it turn up in print 
Tim and I had both had Lee as a professor and I've been talking him about 
this conference alot and have no problem delivering whatever the news is.  In 
fact, I had already told them that they shouldn't count on us for this one 
but that we're always interested in working together.
Best,
Jeff
Tim Belden@ECT
10/05/2000 01:00 PM
Jeff, I sent this e-mail to Kean last night.  I am fine with your 
recommendation for Skilling to pass on this event.  Do you want to deliver 
the news to Lee.  Do we want to offer you, Steve Kean, or me as an 
alternative?  Personally, I would like to attend but don't have much interest 
in speaking (assuming that they would allow low lifes like you or me to 
speak).  Your call on all of this.  Call bob Badeer with questions about the 
BEEP as I am heading out of town in a couple of hours.
Tim:  I've worked hard with these guys to try to make this conference the 
best that it could be, but it ain't quite there.  So I'd rather keep our 
powder dry and use Skilling at another time.  Not top-shelf enough in my 
view.  If you want to discuss further let me know.
Also, one question:
Is the BEEP stack the constrained supply curve post-adjustment bids?  I have 
that right?
I just received this e-mail from a former professor of mine at Berekely Dasovich knows more about this than I do, so you should definitely talk to 
him.  Do you think that this is something that Skilling should attend?
Jeff and Tim,
Tim, I know Jeff knows all about the conference we are organizing and I hope
you do as well.
Rob, I and the rest of the conference organizers are wondering if you could
help us find out if Jeff Skilling from Enron would be willing to be one of
our panelists? He has been an articulate critic of the current state of our
electricity markets, and we definitely would like the genco perspective
represented.
Naturally we are hoping to get a quick answer because our publicity about
the conference will be going out shortly.
A brief description of the conference is appended below. Please let me know
if you need any additional information.
Thanks very much for your help and advice.
Lee
The summer of San Diego has prompted the School, in collaboration with UC's
Energy Institute and Competition Policy Center, to sponsor a high-level
summit conference on electricity deregulation. The focus, and the audience,
will be national, but heavily informed and influenced by the California
crisis.  The conference will evaluate (1) the wisdom of deregulation and (2)
how the pitfalls encountered so far can be avoided and remedied. The
University will facilitate an open, honest and reasoned exchange between
executive-level players from various perspectives: industry, regulators,
consumers, legislators, academics, and market and system operators.
The format entails two roundtable discussions with six speakers and a
moderator.  During the panel sessions, the speakers will engage in a
debate/dialogue on the current situation in electricity deregulation, where
we have come from, what the future holds, and what solutions lie on the
horizon. Each speaker will have uninterrupted time to speak, followed by Q&A
and discussion.  We expect a live audience of about 200, including a large
press presence.  One sponsor has tentatively offered to provide internet
streaming video services.  We hope to have a balanced group of sponsors
ranging from the American Public Power Association to energy companies.
The speakers are being arranged at this time. We have commitments from:
Loretta Lynch (Chair, CPUC), and PJM CEO Phil Harris. We have a preliminary
acceptance from Steven Littlechild (England's former primary electricity
regulator) and Laura Tyson (former Chair, President's Council of Economic
Advisors and National Economic Council, currently Dean, Haas School of
Business). We have invited FERC Commissioner Curt Hebert, and U.S.
Representative Edward
Markey, executive-level managers from several energy companies and state
legislators. Former DOJ chief economist Carl Shapiro will be on one of the
panels, as will economist Severin Borenstein, Director of UCEI and Professor
of Business and Public Policy. Michael Florio from The Utility Reform
Network (TURN) will be a consumer advocate on one of the panels. Lee
Friedman, economist and Professor of Public Policy, will briefly provide an
introduction to the panel discussions with his talk "Lighting the Stage: The
Electricity of Deregulation."
A dinner for the panelists and organizers will be hosted at UC's Goldman
School of Public Policy following the conference proceedings. We have
reserved rooms for our speakers at Berkeley's landmark Claremont Hotel. We
can reimburse those speakers who request it for coach airfare expenses and
other ordinary local expenses.
Forfurther information, please contact:
Lee S. Friedman
Professor of Public Policy
Goldman School of Public Policy
University of California
2607 Hearst Avenue
Berkeley, CA 94720-7320
Ph:  (510) 642-7513
Fax: (510) 643-9657
email: lfried@uclink4.berkeley.edu
Do you guys follow these reports?  Do we need to correct them?
=09Mark Schroeder@ECT
=0910/09/2000 04:05 AM
=09=09=20
Was Enron actually banned from the California residential market, as per=20
below?  mcs
=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D
SCIENTECH IssueAlert, October 6, 2000
Calling All Investors: The New Power Company's IPO Priced at $21 Per Share
By: Will McNamara, Director, Electric Industry Analysis
=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D
TNPC, Inc., parent of The New Power Company, announced yesterday that its
initial public offering (IPO) of 24 million common shares was priced at
$21 per share. The stock closed yesterday at $27 per share. The Company
expects to receive net proceeds from the offering of its shares at=20
approximately
$473 million, exclusive of the underwriters' option to purchase an additional
3,600,000 common shares to cover over allotments. TNPC, Inc.=01*a partnership
between Enron, America Online (AOL) and IBM=01*was formed in late 1999 to
provide electricity and natural gas directly to households and small=20
businesses
in the deregulated energy marketplace. TNPC's shares will be listed on
the NYSE under the symbol NPW. Closing of the offering is expected to occur
Oct. 11.
ANALYSIS: I am sure that many eyebrows were raised when TNPC issued the
IPO of its stock at $21, a figure that seemed surprisingly high for a start-up
company that has been in operation only since early summer. It is rather
mind-boggling that a company with no significant track record could open
its stock at such a price, but it is not unheard of. In fact, TNPC is=20
following
a trend of new Internet companies initiating IPOs that are supported by
grand concepts rather than tangible success. However, the TNPC "dream team"
alliance between Enron, AOL and IBM has been met with great expectations
(and a lot of skepticism as well) throughout the industry.
I read through the S-1/A filing that TNPC submitted to the SEC, so hopefully
I can cut through the hype regarding this deal to get to its nucleus. First,
TNPC acknowledges repeatedly throughout its filing that it is entering
into an extremely high-risk venture, and in fact will "incur substantial
operating and net losses, and cannot assure that we will attain=20
profitability."
Further, TNPC admits that it expects to incur these losses for a=20
"significant,"
but undetermined, period of time. Why, then, would Wall Street be greeting
this IPO with such a positive welcome? One could easily argue that the
sheer market presence of Enron, AOL and IBM has by association driven up
the value of TNPC, but I think a deeper answer lies within several factors.
First, TNPC has been bankrolled by some hefty investments. In two separate,
private placements, investors such as Enron, GE Capital Equity Investments
and DLJMB Partners (among others) put up about $214 million in start-up
capital in exchange for shares in the company. Enron is the majority owner
of TNPC, with 57-percent control. This money has allowed TNPC to make=20
important
acquisitions. For instance, TNPC bought the residential and small commercial
retail energy business of Columbia Energy Group, which includes approximately
285,000 natural-gas customers and 20,000 electricity customers in eight
states. This is a valuable card in TNPC's deck as it locks in customers
during this time when deregulation is developing slowly in retail markets.
I wouldn't be surprised if TNPC makes a similar acquisition of another
customer base in the near future, such as in Texas, where customers have
been spun off to energy service companies rather than being held by the
T&D operations of utilities. In other words, in Texas TNPC could easily
buy customers without having to buy wires or infrastructure, assuming there
is a willing seller.
Second, and perhaps more importantly, earlier this year Enron transferred
its residential and small commercial retail operations in California and
Ohio to TNPC. This deal included the operations of Enron Energy Services
but did not include PG&E Energy Services, which Enron acquired earlier
this year. Together with the Columbia Energy Group acquisition, TNPC has
come out of the gate running with a significant beginning customer base
of over 325,000 customers. Why would Enron have turned over its residential
customers to TNPC?  Don't forget that Enron struggled in and retreated
from the California residential market, stating that it couldn't make any
money in the retail market. TNPC's S1/A filing confirms rumors that Enron
Energy Services actually retreated from California due to a lawsuit claiming
the company had violated laws relating to advertising directed to residential
consumers in 1997 and 1998. Enron was in fact banned from selling power
to the residential market in California. Under this customer transfer,
Enron is able to put its money into a completely separate business=01*essentially
moving this high-risk business venture, and worst performing part of its
retail service, off its own books. Yet if TNPC succeeds, Enron still benefits
as it is the majority owner.
I think these two factors answer why Wall Street has looked so favorably
on a self-described "new company with a limited operating history." Looking
ahead, can TNPC maintain this comparatively high value of its stock?  Well,
there's both good news and bad news for TNPC. First, let's look on the
bright side. TNPC has put into place a great management team, starting
with H. Eugene Lockhart, formerly of AT&T, as president and CEO. Other
key players bring retail market expertise from work at MasterCard, Exxon
and PespiCo. In addition, within the energy industry, TNPC arguably could
not have a better backer than Enron. What other company's touch has been
golden in nearly every venture it has pursued? In addition to being the
majority owner, Enron probably is also providing TNPC access to commodities
at preferential prices, which will certainly enhance its sales approach
in the retail market. Plus, TNPC has access to the 24 million customers
that AOL represents, which I've always thought was the company's secret
weapon.
But then there are the risks, and they are substantial. First, competition
is not materializing rapidly on the retail side. In a state like Pennsylvania,
which perhaps represents the strongest deregulated market in the United
States, only about 16 percent of customers in PECO's territory have opted
to switch their provider. So, TNPC has an uphill climb, to say the least,
in making any inroads at capturing a lock=01*and making money=01*in the retail
market. Second, the only way that I can see TNPC making it at all is if
they continue to buy customers like they did from Columbia Energy Group.
There are big questions surrounding whether the company will be able to
do this or not, and much of its success hinges on this uncertainty.
Third, and perhaps most serious of all, is TNPC's vulnerability on the
technology side of its operation. TNPC has entered into a 10-year revenue
management and customer care agreement with IBM Global Services, under
which IBM will manage the company's online commerce and billing applications.
IBM's track record in developing customer care systems is less than stellar.
In fact, PG&E initiated a lawsuit against IBM a few years ago when the
utility had to pull the plug on a massive $100 million customer information
system (CIS), employed by IBM, which it claimed was ineffective. IBM has
partnered with SCT to provide the infrastructure to be used by TNPC. Under
an agreement between IBM Global Services and SCT, the SCT Banner CIS will
be integrated into a number of back-office IT solutions under development
by IBM for TNPC. Experts in the CIS industry have questioned whether SCT's
Banner CIS can handle over one million customers. If it cannot, this will
surely limit TNPC's growth potential.
Moreover, although TNPC's IPO signals a strong future, there are many=20
uncertainties
surrounding this nascent operation. As one of the few major players in
the energy retail market, TNPC has very few competitors, with the possible
exceptions of NewEnergy or GreenMountain. Another competitor is also emerging
in Britain's Centrica, which plans to expand in North America after its
recent acquisition of Canadian retail gas supplier Direct Energy.=20
Consequently,
the coming year could either make or break TNPC and the challenges that
the company faces in wanting to conquer the retail market are extremely
steep.
=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D
Learn more about SCIENTECH's Issues and Analysis products and services
at:
=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D
SCIENTECH is pleased to provide you with your free, daily IssueAlert. Let
us know if we can help you with in-depth analyses or any other SCIENTECH
information products including e-commerce and telecom in the electric utility
industry. If you would like to refer a colleague to receive our free, daily
IssueAlerts, please reply to this email and include their full name and
email address or register directly at:
Sincerely,
Will McNamara
Director, Electric Industry Analysis
wmcnamara@scientech.com
=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D
Feedback regarding SCIENTECH's IssueAlert should be sent to=20
wmcnamara@scientech.com
=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D
SCIENTECH's IssueAlerts are compiled based on independent analysis by=20
SCIENTECH
consultants.  The opinions expressed in SCIENTECH's IssueAlerts are not
intended to predict financial performance of companies discussed or to
be the basis for investment decisions of any kind.  SCIENTECH's sole purpose
in publishing its IssueAlerts is to offer an independent perspective regarding
the key events occurring in the energy industry, based on its long-standing
reputation as an expert on energy and telecommunications issues.
If you do not wish to receive any further IssueAlerts from SCIENTECH, please
reply to this message and in the body of the email type "remove."
When we talked about me speaking at the conference in Nov. Enron's management 
conference had not yet been scheduled.  Now it has and, of course, it 
conflicts... it also conflicts out just about every other senior person at 
Enron.  I will take care of finding a substitute, but wanted your thoughts on 
a couple of candidates:  how about Seabron Adamson, Richard Tabors or Scott 
Magrane(sp?).  The latter is at Goldman Sachs and, last time I talked to him, 
was working on Transcos.
Let me know what you think and let me know who you were working with at FEBA 
so I can take care of the problem.
Thanks
Am I taking care of you or what??
Lynn Dunphy@ECT
02/18/2000 01:48 PM
Steve 
One more person for Mark Metts to consider... Neerav Nanavaty was caught up 
in the APACHI restructuring, and apparently they were unable to  promote him 
to Manager.  (Our lists indicated that he would have been promoted in March).
Cheers!
Lynn
Jeff Dasovich
Sent by: Jeff Dasovich
10/02/2000 05:53 PM
I mentioned the need to call Gramm in the exec committee meeting today and 
Ken is willing to do it.  The talking points ISDA sent looked fairly 
generic.  Given Ken's relationship, and the fact that he has talked to Gramm 
previously on the subject, what should we ask Ken to cover?  I'd like to give 
him a background document and talking points like we did last time.  I will 
send it by fax to you Chris and would appreciate it if you could update it as 
appropriate.
Do you still expect Guinn to call Ken?  If so, do we have updated talking 
points (and background) for Ken?
I want to keep my subscription current.
Susan L Kennedy@ECT
10/09/2000 03:29 PM
Dear Steve:
This is to inform you that your subscription to Harvard Business Review is up 
for renewal.  In the past, such renewals were routed to Info Central to be 
paid.  Our department has changed its focus to research.
If you would like to renew as a courtesy, we would be happy to take care of 
this for you.  We will contact the publisher and let them know that for the 
next renewal to send the invoice directly to you, and from then on, you would 
take care of payment.
Please let me know if you would like to renew this publication.  If you have 
any questions, please do not hesitate to call me.
Sincerely,
Susan Kennedy
eSource
713/835-9135
calendar
Marcia A Linton
10/09/2000 10:40 AM
A conference call has been set up from 9:30 - 10:30 am Wednesday, October 11 
to discuss the roll-out plan for project E-Trans.  The call in number is 
888-476-3762, Host Code (for Jeff only) is 319346, Participant Code (for 
everyone else) is 697588.
Conference room EB-47C1 in Houston has been reserved for this call.
If you have any questions regarding this call, please give me a call at Ext. 
33226.
Thanks,
Marcia
Nick,
Sorry for the delay.  I have made a few notes for you to consider and a 
couple of editorial changes.  I think the information is useful and well 
presented.
(Note from Maureen:  I renamed the docs as version B.)  I've only attached 
the changed documents.
Katherine Brown
10/10/2000 09:58 AM
Updates
Mark Frevert - new cellular number
Ann M Schmidt
10/10/2000 11:55 AM
Fenosa and Enron to Invest $550 Million in Dominican Republic
10/10/0 12:43 (New York)
Fenosa and Enron to Invest $550 Million in Dominican Republic
Madrid, Oct. 10 (Bloomberg) -- Union Electrica Fenosa SA,
Spain's third-biggest power company, and Enron Corp., the world's
largest energy trader, will invest together in the Dominican
Republic, kicking off the alliance by building a $550 million
power plant and re-gasification facility.
The partners will build a natural-gas-fired power station
whose 500-megawatt capacity will represent 30 percent of the
country's current electricity demand, said Fenosa in a note,
confirmed with the company.
The generator will run on liquefied natural gas when it
starts operating in 2002, switching to fuel from the re-
gasification plant when it starts operating in 2003.
Fenosa has had an alliance with International Power Plc,
formerly National Power Plc, since 1998. That alliance focuses on
Europe, the U.S. and Australia, a Fenosa spokeswoman said today.
Enron was the first U.S. utility to receive licenses to buy,
sell and import electricity in Spain, after the government started
opening energy markets to competition in 1998. It's also licensed
to market natural gas.
The Texas-based utility is building a gas-fired power plant
in southern Spain, has a wind turbine factory near Toledo, and
plans another windmill factory in Catalonia.
--Brooke Nelson in the Madrid bureau (34 91) 700-9600 or
b.nelson@bloomberg.net   /ph
Story illustration: UNF SM  performance against the IBEX index.
TOP NRG
DJ Union Fenosa/Enron -2: Construction To Begin 2001 >E.FEN
10/10/0 12:40 (New York)
MADRID (Dow Jones)--Spanish electricity company Union Electrica Fenosa SA
(E.FEN) said late Tuesday it has reached an agreement with U.S. energy company
Enron (ENE) to invest in energy infrastructure projects in the Dominican
Republic.
In a release, Fenosa said the deal involves the construction of a
combined-cycle power plant with a 500MW potency, which will use natural gas
from a regasification plant on the island nation.
The 500MW potency is equivalent to 30% of the Caribbean island's electricity
demand.
The deal also includes a complimentary project, Fenosa said. This is the
construction of a regasification plant on the republic's coastline, with a
capacity for treating gas equivalent to the consumption of various groups of
combined-cycle plants with a potency of 1300MW.
The investment for these two projects is seen at around $550 million, of
which $100 million could come from Dominican companies, Fenosa said.
Fenosa and Enron estimate that construction of the two projects will begin 
in
early 2001, with the power plant coming online in 2002. It will operate with
combustible liquid until 2003, at which time the regasification plant comes
online.
(MORE) DOW JONES NEWS  10-10-00
12:40 PM- - 12 40 PM EDT 10-10-00
Contact Mike Terraso (who heads the environmental function) and Mike Hicks 
(who oversees corporate security).
Jason Sokolov@ECT
10/11/2000 08:46 AM
Steven,
I have not spoken to you in a while!
How are things going?
I have a question for you.
I am enrolled in a Corporate Crisis MGMT class at Rice, and my assignment 
for the up-coming Tuesday is to evaluate the crisis system (if there is one) 
at Enron.
Do you happen to know anything about Crisis Management in our company?
Let me know at your earliest convenience..
Jason Sokolov
Terry was acting with full coordination from Jose.  The problem was this: 
Daly insisted someone speak on behalf of the group to the press (and 
designated Terry to be the one); Terry did not have the updated information 
that we were about to meet with the government officials and deliver a 
slightly different message (i.e. that we needed to know if the government 
planned to really open Petrobras or not -- the implication being that we 
would work within either decision but we needed to know one way or the 
other); Terry was simply not in possession of this information and no one had 
given it to him (probably because they had no reason to assume that Terry 
would be thrust in front of the press); moreover, it's hard to see how Terry 
could have taken such a position publicly anyway.  By my eyes Terry did the 
best he could and we had an unavoidable communications bust.  I know the 
Southern cone team is moving to make it right, but I see absolutely no reason 
to come don on anyone about this.
Richard Shapiro
02/17/2000 09:47 PM
What was the outcome?
Steven J Kean
02/17/2000 08:13 AM
FYI.  I will call Terry and get in touch with Jim/Diomedes
Diomedes Christodoulou@_DEVELOPMENT
02/17/2000 02:42 AM
Jim/Steve,
How can Terry go out with public statements without knowing a thing of the 
dynamics of our negotiations with the Minister on the gas issue? This is 
especially damaging given we are depending on the Minister to get approvals 
for our two emergency power projects. Let's monitor this but my suggestion is 
that Jim needs to call Carraro right away and give some explanation before he 
decides to boycot our projects.
Jose Bestard
02/15/2000 05:18 PM
See below the messages I had asked Terry to convey in his meetings in the 
region.  I did ask him to raise the issue of Petrobras through Secretary Daly 
with the Brazilians officials as an impediment to the open markets 
It never occurred to me that he would be making Press statements. (or that he 
would be quoted in this flavor).  This, coupled with the GM ABEGAS) article 
will turn up the heat.
Given that Jim's messages are going to be delivered this week (Denise, Jim 
will discuss the issue with Carraro. We intend to file a protest in ANP by 
Friday due to lack of responsiveness in our request for a transportation 
tariff 
1)  I would not go to the press. Let it go..
2) If asked, repeat the vision  "regional integration, based on the 
principles of open access, greater reliance on competition and customer 
choice"
3) Monitor the response. Let me know if you are getting unfavorable reactions 
(other than Petrobras).
4) Jim,  if you get a call ahead of your meeting,  we cannot discredit Terry 
(The shadow of Petrobras is an unfortunate quote). Use this in your favor. 
Press on with the message "Is Brazil ready to open the gas market to 
competition". If so, let's get started.
Jose
Jose Bestard
02/15/2000 01:45 PM
Terry. 
The Key message for the trip, in   to energy, should be:
"Achieve regional integration, based on the principles of open access, 
greater reliance on competition and customer choice rather than regulated 
monopolies"
The vision is that a customer in any of the countries will have choices 
"several competing providers"; "different service options", and the providers 
will have the flexibility and agility to assemble an attractive package by 
combining transactions  with other suppliers and customers.  This approach 
maximizes the utilization of the existing infrastructure (reduces idle or 
redundant facilities) and gives customers the ability to more closely tailor 
their energy purchases to the their needs.
There are barriers to achieve this vision. It is in the interest of the 
governments to work in a common protocol to progress rapidly.
Development of infrastructure .- Still not well developed. Needs to attract 
project financing. At this stage, the customers have few alternatives. 
Government policy should be to allow access above and beyond what was 
initially contracted to justify the financing. Terms of financing have to be 
honored. Long term, competing facilities (pipelines, refineries, transmission 
lines, power plants) will be fighting for customers.
Threat. Control of these facilities: Petrobras through the BBPL; YPF in 
Argentina 
Cross-border Licensing.- Very time consuming, bureaucratic delays to grant, 
export, import, re-export permitting.  Present regime cannot accommodate  the 
rapid transaction scenario which will be required to support real integration.
Cuiaba Power plant,- As of today we have not received all the permits. Latest 
issue is the Bolivian-Argentina border dispute due to YPF denial to 
accommodate a transaction of Bolivian gas into Argentina.
Operationally, the plant will receive daily instructions from Brasilia. The 
gas supply from Argentina/Bolivia, including spot market transaction  has to 
be nominated within 48 hours notice.  There are no mechanisms to change 
quickly the approved volumes.
Commercial entities need to be given the opportunity to export/import to 
aggregate the requirements of different suppliers various customers.
Taxation.- Transfer taxes (i.e. receipt taxes ,stamp taxes) for each step 
down the chain needs to be eliminated for commercial entities, particularly 
for export transactions.
These commercial entities buy pieces of the services on behalf of the 
ultimate customer (act as their agent) and package the final offer. The 
objective to  reduce the cost of the product, which would not be met by 
adding a further taxable event. There should not be  more, nor any less taxes 
because of the services of the middle company, except for the larger amount 
of income taxes generated by increase commercial activity.
Money Transfers.-  Central Bank Controls to authorize the transfer of 
currency needs to be made more agile. Currently these procedures are very 
time consuming and cumbersome (Brazil -- I am not as familiar with the other 
countries)
This is affecting us in Cuiaba. The Central Bank has not approved the gas 
contract, specifically the Take-or-pay provision that has a one-year make up 
period. They want a longer make-up period, but that was negotiated with YPF 
as part of the larger agreement. YPF may agree but at a higher price. The 
Central Bank does not want to send US$ out of the country, so they view TOP 
as a devise of paying for a commodity never received. So they are meddling in 
contract negotiations. 
Below are other notes
Thanks
Jose
Terence H Thorn
02/09/2000 09:22 AM
I have forwarded to you the final schedule of meetings for Daly's trade 
mission.  I am very comfortable with issues for Argentina and think we need 
to focus mainly on the stamp tax issue.  Secondly, I would raise the issue of 
open access pipelines, especially allowing Bolivian gas to flow to 
Argentina.  The question I have on this latter issue is whether this is a 
matter of changing the law, changing policy or pressuring YPF to allow the 
gas to flow on it's section of pipe which I understand is not under the 
jurisdiction of Enargas. What can the government do?
JB.- I am not familiar with the genesis of this situation, how these 
pipelines escaped the jurisdiction of the regulator.  If it is determined 
that they are not part of the regulated pipeline network, in time a bypass 
pipeline may be built. But an immediate solution needs to be developed.
In Brazil, I am not sure what to raise.  On Monday we have meetings with the 
Minister of Development, Industry and Commerce and the Secretary of Energy 
and Mines.  What do I need to have Daly raise with them in private?  Myself 
in public? or the Minister of External Affairs?
JB.- For background, the Brazilians have rising concerns of the rising 
dollarization of their economy, "desnacionaliza?ao". Their concern is not the 
US$, it is control. It is that the Old-boys network in Brazil 
Government/Industry, has been disturbed by the New-boys taking control of 
high visibility sectors, Banking, telecommunications, energy 
Malan, Finance is criticized by the clique that wants the government to be 
active in direct investment and support of big projects.
Complaints about BNDES (Brazilian development bank) lending to foreigners for 
privatization (Recent AES incident)
Tourinho, Mines and Energy-- pushing a new privatization model -- sale of 
stock at the market, not sale of control to a given company. This allows the 
existing management to stay in place. 
If it is the Secretary of Energy, Carraro, his big mission is to coordinate 
the developement of emergengy thermal plants. Big Picture Governement Porgram 
-- Petrobras provides that gas;  Eletrobras buys and remarkets the electric 
energy;  BNDES provides the financing  --- All within the family.
Foreign companies will not play by the rules of the old network. Enron has 
been actively complaining about the gas policy under Petrobras control.
The One Issue I would raise is the lack of competition in the gas sector. 
Petrobras control of the BBPL and national gas. There cannot be true 
competition in the energy sector because the marginal power plants, price 
setters, gas power plants.
As a note, there was a commitment with the World Bank to sell the part of 51% 
control of the Brazilian part of the BBPL pipeline. What Petrobras is doing 
is locking-up the capacity long term, and building a second pipeline.
Of equal importance is our meeting with the Sao Paulo Governor.  What issues 
do we have or what do you want me to say to him regarding our assets in this 
area.  Even if it's to compliment on something, that's fine.
JB.- The State of Sao Paulo, Mario Covas team are to be congratulated by the 
skillful manner that they have conducted the gradual privatization of energy 
sector.  Covas is very influential. His current battle deals with tax reforms 
in Brazil. He is fighting a system of tax-preferences in other states to 
attract industries, which ultimately creates a Federal burden and 
consequently a Sao Paulo burden.
The Petrobras control issue of the gas sector should have resonance.
I assume we have no key issues in Chile at this time. 
JB.- There may be some but I a blissfully unaware of them. I would be 
interested on what you pick up
Thanks.
Denise M Macedo
02/15/2000 06:50 AM
Hi guys,
1. Gostaria de saber se esta declara??o faz parte de um projeto consciente da 
Enron em enfrentar a Petrobr?s ou se foi um descuido do porta-voz.
2. Caso a imprensa nos procure para repercutir tal declara??o que, suponho, 
vai gerar umarea??o extremamente negativada Petrobr?s, existe alguma 
estrat,gia,
key messages, etc?
Vocs pretendem falar sobre o assunto? O que ser? dito???Thanks??Denise???04. GAZETA: Energia , o alvo dos empres?rios americanos??BRAS?LIA, 15 de fevereiro de 2000 - Empres?rios norte-americanos que ?acompanharam o secret?rio de Com,rcio, William Daley, destacaram o setor de ?energia ?no Brasil como a principal ?rea para investimentos no Pa?s. Segundo o ?vice-presidente da Enron, Terrence Thorn, por,m, 'o monop?lio exercido pela ?Petrobras? tem que acabar para que o setor se desenvolva. Todos devem competir, ?inclusive a estatal'.?Um dos obst?culos ,, de acordo com ele, 'a sombra que a Petrobras faz sobre o ?mercado de energia no Brasil'. O executivo norte-americano lembra que a ?decis?o do governo brasileiro de estabelecer um pre?o ?nico para o g?s ?natural em todo o pa?s , um claro exemplo de medidas que devem ter seus dias ?contados. 'Ficamos confusos ao saber de tal decis?o'. Terrence Thorn acredita ?que um monop?lio estatal pode ser negativo . concorrncia e que a 
privatiza??o 
da Petrobras ter? que ocorrer um dia.
Para ele, o processo de privatiza??o de energia no Brasil vem sendo conduzido 
de forma eficaz, 'mas o Pa?s ainda n?o concluiu o projeto de desregulamenta??o
(liberalizar o pre?o do g?s natural, por exemplo) e h? muito trabalho pela 
frente'. Segundo Thorn, as empresas estrangeiras de energia podem oferecer 
servi?os
inovadores para o setor.
'O problema , que o mercado n?o est? preparado'. Ele defende que as novas 
fases da desregulamenta??o do setor energ,tico no Pa?s sejam debatidas por 
toda 
a sociedade.
O interesse dos norte-americanos pelo setor p"de ser visto na pr?pria 
composi??o da miss?o de empres?rios ao Brasil. Das 20 empresas que viajaram 
com
Daley, dez eram do setor de energia. O representante da Agncia de ?Desenvolvimento e Com,rcio dos Estados Unidos (USTR), Albert Angulo, ainda ?informou? que o ?rg?o est? analisando cinco oportunidades de investimentos dos EUA no ?mercado de energia do Brasil. 'Realizamos estudos de viabilidade para que? empresa venham ao Pa?s, mas o certo , que uma maior desregulamenta??o do ?setor energ,tico seria muito positivo para as empresas norte-americanas', diz.?A vice-presidente da empresa Energy Conversion Devices, Nancy Bacon, defende ?que o governo brasileiro deixe de gastar recursos com a gera??o de energia ?em locais distantes e passe a comprar tecnologias alternativas dos ?norte-americanos. 'Para locais de dif?cil acesso, como a Amaz"nia, a ?tecnologia de fotoc,lulas? , a grande solu??o para suprir o d,ficit energ,tico do Brasil'. (Gazeta ?Mercantil/P?gina A4) (Jamil Chade 
sounds good, but i couldn't open the file.  could you send hard copy
Kelly Kimberly@MUNICATIONS
10/10/2000 11:41 PM
Wow!  We are making a little progress, it looks like!
(Steve, when Mike and I met with Francis for the first time he told us we had 
to agree that we'd never use WWF's name related to this initiative if they 
participated with EES)
GRANT@wwfus.org
10/10/00 07:59 AM
Thought you might be interested in the latest climate savers partner. There
is a press conference with Senator Kerry today in Boston announcing the
deal. We added in Enron. F. 
Francis A. Grant-Suttie
Director, Private Sector Initiatives
World Wildlife Fund
1250 Twenty-Fourth St., NW
Washington, DC  20037-1132
phone:  (202) 778-9718
fax:  (202) 861-8378
e-mail:  francis.grant-suttie@wwfus.org
=09"IssueAlert"  =0910/11/2000 06:30 AM
=09=09=20
SCIENTECH's E-commerce InfoGrid uncovers the efforts of energy-related=20
companies in the ever-growing field of electronic commerce. A sample can=20
be viewed at:
=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D
SCIENTECH IssueAlert, October 11, 2000
Online Niche Players Capitalize on Natural-Gas Shortage, Bypass Utilities
By: Will McNamara, Director, Electric Industry Analysis
=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D
SmartEnergy, a Con Edison competitor, is offering New York and Westchester=20
consumers price protection with the ability to lock-in today's natural-gas=20
rates for a period of one year. In a separate announcement, myHomeKey.com=20
announced that it will offer energy savings packages designed to reduce=20
energy consumption and lower rates for customers in the face of rising=20
energy costs.
ANALYSIS: As reports continue to accumulate that a natural-gas shortage=20
will send prices skyrocketing this winter (see my IssueAlert from Oct.=20
9 on the subject), the most common response from electric utilities has=20
been to warn their customers that they will see higher rates over the next=20
few months. I can point to several examples. Minneapolis-based Xcel Energy=20
announced a few weeks back that its natural-gas customers could face heating=20
bills that are 35 to 50 percent higher than their bills last winter. Dominion=20
East Ohio has warned its residential customers that they can expect to=20
pay about $70 more per month for natural gas from November through January.=20
And the warnings are coming not only in the Midwest and Northeast=01*where=20
low winter temperatures drive up energy bills every year=01*but in the West=20
as well. In California, PG&E warns that its customers can expect to see=20
their winter bills increase by about $25, to an average bill of $75 (compared=20
to $50 last winter). These are just a few examples of utility companies=20
across the United States playing damage control, trying to minimize the=20
customer outrage when customers suddenly see their bills double or triple.
Along with their warnings, these utilities give reasons=01*perhaps seen as=20
excuses by the public=01*for the rising cost of energy. There is a shortage=20
of natural gas across the country, brought about by a drop-off in production.=20
It was an unusually hot summer, which depleted supplies for energy. Demand=20
in general has grown to surprising levels.
Meanwhile, start-up online companies that many of us have not even heard=20
of are using the rise in natural-gas prices as a golden marketing=20
opportunity,=20
and attempting to take business away from traditional utility companies.=20
SmartEnergy is a perfect example. In existence just since April 1999, =20
SmartEnergy offers electricity and natural gas to residential and small=20
business customers. According to EnergyGuide.com, for an average home in=20
New York City, SmartEnergy's natural-gas rates typically have run about=20
$189 per month, compared Con Edison's $140. Under its new promotion,=20
SmartEnergy's=20
plan for natural gas guarantees that New York City and Westchester gas=20
customers who sign on with their service now will be locked into current=20
natural-gas rates for the next 12 months. This promotion comes at an ideal=20
time for those who opt to switch, as natural-gas prices should begin their=20
projected sharp increase over the next few weeks. Based on recent forecasts,=20
SmartEnergy is claiming that Con Edison customers who make the switch can=20
expect to save up to 40 percent on their energy through the winter months.=20
The start-up company also is offering 500 United Airlines Mileage Plus=20
Reward Miles credit and $25 sign-up bonus to entice customers away from=20
Con Edison.=20
Based on the available information about SmartEnergy, it is unclear how=20
the online provider will be able to guarantee the 40-percent reduction=20
in natural-gas rates. I would presume that SmartEnergy has entered into=20
some hedging strategies to minimize its risk in the event that natural-gas=20
prices remain high into the next year. Any prudent provider would have=20
a hedging strategy to protect itself, and locking itself into 12-month=20
contracts without its own contracts for obtaining natural gas at spot market=20
prices would certainly raise questions about the future of SmartEnergy.=20
In addition, SmartEnergy will have difficulty in recruiting customers away=20
from Con Edison and other utility providers. Many customers still have=20
reservations about signing on with an online company that they do not know.=20
There will be some customers who jump at the chance to lock in current=20
rates for 12 months, but many others will stick with the company that they=20
know even if their rates increase.
I did a quick search around Con Edison's Website to see if it might be=20
offering an alternative offer to retain its customers, but could find nothing=20
that the utility is doing to specifically address the projected increase=20
in natural-gas prices this winter. Con Edison does offer a level billing=20
program in which customers receive a consistent bill amount each month,=20
alleviating fluctuation in their bills. Yet, as a utility company, Con=20
Edison has a standard offer of service that regulators closely monitor.=20
It is possible that Con Edison could request changes to the standard offer=20
service, which would likely need to be approved by the New York Public=20
Service Commission. The PSC could agree, or determine that the competitive=20
offers by providers such as Smart Energy are a positive result of=20
deregulation.=20
In addition, Con Edison could be hampered by fuel contracts that may not=20
allow it much flexibility with regard to lowering its rates. Overall, Con=20
Edison probably does not have a lot of flexibility regarding the rates=20
it can charge customers, thereby making this offer from SmartEnergy difficult=20
to beat.
The other online start-up taking advantage of natural-gas prices is=20
myHomeKey.com,=20
which made a recent promise to reduce home heating, oil, natural-gas, and=20
electricity rates. The marketing route that this online start-up is taking=20
is energy efficiency=01*teaching households how to more effectively use their=20
energy and, hopefully, save money as a result. Energy is not the only service=20
of the myHomeKey.com; it is also involved in home maintenance and repair,=20
appliances, home monitoring and moving services. Yet, I learned that=20
myHomeKey.com=20
just recently launched co-branded sites with KeySpan Corp. and TXU Energy=20
Services to "provide millions of local customers" with the ability to check=20
energy efficiency in their homes.
What's important to note about these two developments is the advantage=20
that online energy providers have over traditional utilities. As utilities=20
try to disengage themselves from regulatory-bound rate structures, online=20
companies have the freedom and flexibility to offer attractive products=20
and billing options to customers in deregulated states. There are the online=20
providers that we know about, such as Utility.com and Essential.com.=20
Utility.com=20
has not yet started to sell natural gas, although it has established a=20
partnership with Sempra Energy in which Sempra Energy Trading will sell=20
natural gas in deregulated markets via the Utility.com Web site. Utility.com=20
plans to start selling natural gas by the end of this year, but it has=20
not developed any marketing campaign in this regard. Essential.com continues=20
to open up its service across the Mid-Atlantic and Northeast regions. Yet,=20
on a weekly basis, new start-up online energy providers surface, eager=20
to grab their own share of the retail market.=20
I also wonder where The New Power Company is in all of this rush to=20
capitalize=20
on the marketing opportunities surrounding the rise in natural-gas prices.=20
It would seem like a natural for TNPC to make a big splash with its own=20
marketing efforts, as it already promises lower prices for both natural=20
gas and electricity. In any event, as the natural-gas shortage may become=20
a public relations nightmare for utility companies across the country,=20
it conversely could work to the advantage of the more agile online providers
=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D
Read about SCIENTECH's new PowerHitter interview with Jeff Sterba, Chairman=20
and CEO of the Public Service Company of New Mexico at:=20
=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D
SCIENTECH is pleased to provide you with your free, daily IssueAlert. Let=20
us know if we can help you with in-depth analyses or any other SCIENTECH=20
information products including e-commerce and telecom in the electric utility=20
industry. If you would like to refer a colleague to receive our free, daily=20
IssueAlerts, please reply to this email and include their full name and=20
email address or register directly at:
Sincerely,
Will McNamara
Director, Electric Industry Analysis
wmcnamara@scientech.com
=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D
Feedback regarding SCIENTECH's IssueAlert should be sent to=20
wmcnamara@scientech.com
=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D
SCIENTECH's IssueAlerts are compiled based on independent analysis by=20
SCIENTECH=20
consultants.  The opinions expressed in SCIENTECH's IssueAlerts are not=20
intended to predict financial performance of companies discussed or to=20
be the basis for investment decisions of any kind.  SCIENTECH's sole purpose=20
in publishing its IssueAlerts is to offer an independent perspective=20
regarding=20
the key events occurring in the energy industry, based on its long-standing=20
reputation as an expert on energy and telecommunications issues.
If you do not wish to receive any further IssueAlerts from SCIENTECH, please=20
reply to this message and in the body of the email type "remove."
I'd love to but I'll be in London
Marge Nadasky@ECT
10/11/2000 12:01 PM
You recently received an e-mail from Terrie James regarding a video we are 
working on for the upcoming Management Conference.  We have been able to lock 
in a date and time to do this taping on Thursday, October 19th, from 4-6 
p.m.  We are still working on the location for this taping, but plan on this 
taking place in close proximity to the Enron Building.
Can you please let me know if you will be available to participate in this 
group session?  If not, we will be following up with some individual taping 
the week of the 23rd.
If you have questions, feel free to contact Terrie James on Ext. 37727, or 
myself on Ext. 36631.
Marge Nadasky
sounds good.  I think we should not talk about the conversations with the 
governor . . . I'd rather not prompt them to go to the gov (presumably to 
object to the gov talking to us without talking to them at the same time).
Jeff Dasovich
Sent by: Jeff Dasovich
10/11/2000 02:54 PM
FYI.  Recently, Chris Calger has asked me to set up a meeting with Sempra ENA's seeking deals with the two big CA gas IOUs (PG&E and SoCalGas) that 
would give ENA access to their assets.  In short, ENA wants to offer a 
complete outsource deal for the IOUs' core gas load (i.e., rez and small 
commercial customers).  ENA would take responsibility for providing service 
for delivery at the city gate and in return would manage all of core's assets 
(upstream of the city gate).  We're meeting with Sempra's "Chief Regulatory 
Office" (Bill Reed) and Sempra's CFO next Thursday to discuss.
Given the fact that Sempra's primarily focused on electricity, the plan is to 
lead off the meeting with a couple of electricity solutions as a bridge to 
the gas offer.  For electricity, the plan has two pieces:  1) a commodity 
offer that beats the 6.5 cent cap (i.e., nothing fancy) and 2) "Deal Bench" 
services with the intent of establishing a procurement mechanism for SDG&E 
that the California PUC could pre-approve (thereby eliminating some of the 
immense regulatory risk SDG&E now faces).
Wanted to run this by folks to gauge reactions.  We'll distribute the slides 
we're putting together as soon as they're drafted--hopefully by COB Friday.
Best,
Jeff
I will be out of the country on Wednesday
Johan Zaayman@_DEVELOPMENT
10/10/2000 02:50 PM
Steve, Jim, Mike:
You may be aware that Enron officials have in the past met with international 
opinion leaders visiting the US as part of the Eisenhower Exchange Fellowship 
(EEF) program. The EEF is an international leadership exchange program that 
promotes international understanding and productivity through the exchange of 
information, ideas, and perspectives among emerging leaders throughout the 
world. Ken Lay is a member of the EEF Board of Trustees.
Enron will be hosting three EEF visitors from India on Wednesday, October 18, 
2000:
Mr. Sanjeev Ahluwalia, Secretary of the Central Electricity Regulatory 
Commission; 
Mr. Sreenivasan Jain, Newscaster, New Delhi TV; and 
Mr. Jawed Usmani, Joint Secretary, Office of the Prime Minister.
I am preparing a day program at Enron for the three persons, two of whom Sanjeev Ahluwalia and Jawed Usmani - are interested in learning more about 
the US regulatory environment. Mr. Ahluwalia also wants to learn more about 
US environmental policy in both local and global contexts (please refer to 
attached bios for more details).
I would be grateful if either Steve or Jim could meet with the above persons 
for 30-45 minutes to discuss regulatory issues. Similarly, if Mike could be 
available to meet with Mr. Ahluwalia re environmental issues. Please let me 
know if you are available either between 10:00 - 12:00 noon or 3:30 - 5:00 
p.m. on Wednesday, October 18, 2000. If you are unavailable, it would be 
appreciated if one of your other colleagues could assist in this regard.
Many thanks,
Johan
- AHLUWALIA bio.doc
- CV1.doc
Nick Lampson called and asked for a contribution.  I committed to one without 
knowing about his vote on PNTR.  I will keep my word by making an individual 
contribution but will also communicate to him that in my capacity as Enron 
PAC chair i cannot authorize the PAC to make a contribution as a result of 
that vote.
Sorry I jumped the gun.
What do you think he'll add?
Jeff Dasovich
Sent by: Jeff Dasovich
10/13/2000 11:01 AM
I think it would be a good idea to have Ron Carroll in Watkiss' shop to do a 
parallel analysis to what we're going to have Mike Day do.  Ron's very good 
and has done much work on these sortrs of issues.  You comfortable with that?
fyi
Meredith Philipp
10/13/2000 09:30 AM
Attached is a draft news release announcing Enron's bandwidth management 
agreement with i2.  EBS is planning to issue this release on Monday, Oct. 16 
prior to Enron's earnings release on Tuesday, Oct. 17.  Please review and let 
me know if you have any comments by end of day today, Friday, Oct. 13.
Thank you.
Meredith Philipp
looks good
Meredith Philipp
10/13/2000 09:30 AM
Attached is a draft news release announcing Enron's bandwidth management 
agreement with i2.  EBS is planning to issue this release on Monday, Oct. 16 
prior to Enron's earnings release on Tuesday, Oct. 17.  Please review and let 
me know if you have any comments by end of day today, Friday, Oct. 13.
Thank you.
Meredith Philipp
I checked with Skilling's office and there is nothing scheduled.    The 
Gov.'s office bascially said "don't call us, we'll call you".
Maureen 
EIS Billing@
09/03/99 02:43 PM
SAP Impact File names have changed from "b" + company + rc for MSA booking to "s" + cost 
center for SAP.  Other changes have also been implemented.  Please send a 
Notes mail to "Bill Myers" if you notice any problems, particularly if you 
think that they might be conversion or program related.  (I already know 
about the company description for the MSA spreadsheets where companies are 
rebooked to themselves).
Attached  are spreadsheets with the detail supporting the expenses for 
telephones, data ports, EDI, Enterprise LAN, Enterprise Help Desk, video 
conferencing, Internet access, email, and other services provided to Enron 
business units by Enron Information Services.  These expenses are posted in 
MSA Detail Class 845.
EIS billings for items attached to the room, such as phones and data ports, 
and people specific services for contractors, such as LAN ID's and AT&T 
calling cards, are billed to the same company and cost center as room rent in 
EB or 3AC.  For Omaha, EIS uses a phone database maintained by Tammy Anderson 
for this purpose 
People specific services for employees are billed to the company and cost 
center corresponding to the employee's HR company and department. Video 
conference usage, data circuits, Ardmore usage, EDI, and web site billings 
are based on a company and cost center furnished by the person requesting the 
service.
EIS bills services on a one month lag.  We take a snapshot of the Corporate 
Administrative Services rent file for each room in EB and 3AC, of the Omaha 
phone database for each room in Omaha, and of the HR company and department 
for each employee.  This snapshot is taken at the end of each month for use 
as a source for billing information 
Please examine these billings for accuracy.  If our billings are incorrect, 
generally speaking either the rent should be corrected by contacting 
Corporate Administrative Services or the person should be moved to the 
correct HR department by contacting your HR representative.  If the room 
number is incorrect on the phone or long distance billings, this may be 
corrected by sending the room number along with the telephone number to Notes 
Mail ID "Move-Team".
If you wish to move EIS charges after to a different company and/or 
department after billings have been processed or if you wish to discuss an 
alternative to using your HR department for people specific billings, please 
send a message to Notes Mail ID "EIS Billing".
Please add Terrie to the meeting with Beth, Bill, Palmer, et al
Terrie James@
02/17/2000 01:53 PM
David,
Sorry for the delayed response.  I'd absolutely like to talk with you about 
applications and potential content for these screens.  As you know, we've 
been interested in creating an electronic bulletin board to promote upcoming 
activities for CR.  I'd like to do something similar for general HR news as 
well.  If that's "doable", I'd love to talk more.  Let me know your 
availability next week.
Terrie
I have arranged a tentative agreement with Bowne Business Solutions (13th 
floor graphics) to provide content digitization, encoding and storage for 
video productions.  They will have the capability to output from S-VHS, Beta 
SP and electronic sources, along with minimal editing and creation of basic 
multimedia images suitable for the Enron channel.  Additional costs would be 
incurred by individual departments incrementally as they produced video 
content for the monitors.  Enron would then have a choice of vendors, 
including the in-house graphics group, Innovision (Beth Stier) and others.
We also need to determine the point of demarcation for the "head-end" of the 
video signal for these and any other building monitors.  I don't know if your 
estimates include any of this head-end equipment which would include VTRs, 
modulators, distribution amplifiers, CATV contracts and receivers, satellite, 
etc.  Regardless, we need to talk to the folks who will be producing content 
for these monitors to see what types of capabilities they want to have.
Finally, someone will have to "own" the channel and pre-approve content for 
distribution.  I'm pretty certain that Mark Palmer wants to control the 
content, though I don't think that he wants to manage the production group, 
or create any overkill.
I'd be happy to discuss alternatives with all of you for the content side of 
this project.  Again, I think that the costs will be incremental expenses 
related to creating content rather than capital outlay.
Beth, Mark, Pam, Setev, Terrie, et al. - Are you interested in addressing 
what in-house capabilities you'd like to have with me?
DMM
Beth, Mark 
I think we are ready to move on implementing flat screen monitors in all of 
Enron Building passenger elevator cabs, i.e. proposal is for two 14" monitors 
per cab, one for Corporate content, other for local Houston messages.  Will 
try to flush mount them in the stainless steel cab panels, for a clean, 
attractive look 
Technical details have generally been worked out between our group (Steve 
Woods and Harry Grubbs) and Enron's IT Dept.  such that  we know total costs 
are below $500K (more in $350-400K range plus whatever temporary, 
non-elevator monitors appropriate for Three Allen Center occupants).  We have 
a 3 month implementation schedule.
Content can be anything available on Enron's LAN (developed @ the desk top) 
or any video signal, i.e. Cable TV stations, tapes, etc.
Let me know next steps.  We can discuss funding sources.  - Bill
I assume we avoid Libya completely.  The question, though, may be how we 
proceed if we are doing business with someone who has activities in Libya Your views please.
Nicholas O'Day
10/16/2000 04:59 AM
Steve,
Itochu Corporation, a Japanese trading company with which we are developing a 
relationship, is considering reactivating its activities in Libya. They have 
identified an opportunity to source LNG from Libya for the purposes of 
importing to Japan, either directly or through an LNG swap.
What is Enron's current policy on dealing with Libya?
kind  
I may need to spend some time with you in advance, but you don't have to plan 
on coming here.
Mark Schroeder@ECT
10/15/2000 06:32 PM
trust my non-attendance is okay with Steve.  If not, please so advise, or if 
he wants my participation by conference call, that could be arranged thanks  mcs
Maureen McVicker@
12/10/2000 09:52
The EBR (Executive Business Review) for Public Affairs has been rescheduled:
The new date is:
DATE:   Monday, Nov. 6
TIME:   8:30 A.M. (block 2 hours on your sched, just in case)
PLACE:  EB 50M03
ATTENDEES: 
Dave Delainey (if schedule permits)
John Hardy
Steve Kean
Ken Lay
Elizabeth Linnell
Mark Palmer
Mark Schroeder (will not be attending)
Rick Shapiro
Jeff Skilling
Jim Steffes
Mike Terraso
I think the presentation looks good.  In the meeting itself I think you 
should go heavy on the argument that it makes no sense for Sempra 
shareholders to be in a commodity market as a regulated entity -- the "heads 
they win tails you lose" argument.
Jeff Dasovich
Sent by: Jeff Dasovich
10/13/2000 06:11 PM
Attached for your review is a rough cut at slides we're preparing for the 
meeting with Sempra next Thursday.  Thoughts and comments are appreciated Please disregard korny title.
Jeff Dasovich
Sent by: Jeff Dasovich
10/13/2000 05:10 PM
please print
Chris Long
10/13/2000 03:09 PM
Tori:  We have contacted Senator Gramm and Majority Leader Armey about the 
calls from Ken on Monday.  Because of the uncertainty of the Congressional 
schedule, both offices told us to call on Monday morning to schedule the 
call.  If Ken wants to make the calls unscheduled, we expect Armey and Gramm 
to both be in DC by Monday morning.
The numbers are as follows:
Senator Gramm  (202) 224-2934
Majority Leader Armey (202) 225-4000
Here are the talking points
** CONFIDENTIAL 
Talking Points on Commodity Futures Modernization Act of 2000
Background:
We have hit an impasse on the CFTC Reauthorization legislation.  On legal 
certainty, nearly all interested parties agree.  However, Senator Gramm 
continues to raise objections unrelated to legal certainty for our business There are two issues (which we understand have primarily been advanced by 
Senator Gramm, one on bank products and one on SEC jurisdiction). Majority 
Leader Dick Armey is trying to gain consensus with the interested parties 
which include Senator Gramm, the Chairmen of the House Agriculture, Commerce, 
and Banking Committees, as well as the Department of Treasury, CFTC, and 
SEC.  Meetings are occurring on a daily basis, but little concrete progress 
has been made since draft legislation was released on October 9 
Talking Points:
We need your help to resolve outstanding differences so that the Commodities 
Futures Modernization Act of 2000 can pass this year.  There are very few 
legislative days left and movement now on this legislation is essential. Do 
not let the Congressional calendar be the enemy of gaining legal certainty 
for this dynamic and growing industry.
The current version of the legislation provides important legal certainty for 
all physical commodity transactions (not including agricultural commodities) 
entered into on a counterparty-to-counterparty basis or on an electronic 
trading facility.  We strongly support these provisions.
The legislation eliminates concerns that our derivatives transactions may be 
illegal or that our online platforms may be unregulated futures exchanges These provisions allow our businesses to grow and innovate.  Without this 
legislation the industry will be crippled with legal uncertainty and these 
platforms will develop overseas 
Virtually all of the issues in this very complex legislative package have 
been resolved. We are indifferent to outstanding provisions, except to the 
extent that they impede passage of the legislation.  We cannot allow the 
great progress made to date, fail in the end.
If asked, about a possible solution to the logjam.  Answer:  Encourage 
Majority Leader Armey, Senator Gramm, and Secretary Summers to meet 
immediately to finalize the remaining issues.  Given time constraints, if 
such a meeting does not occur in the next few days, there may not be enough 
time to pass this important legislation.
Note: Congress will be going out on either October 20 or October 27.
please print
Sarah Novosel
10/13/2000 07:13 PM
As you all may know, we have scheduled a conference call for the group for 
Thursday, Oct. 19.  Bernadette called each of your assistants, so it should 
be on your calendars.
As a brief update prior to our call:
We have a phone call in to FERC to check on the procedural status of the 
merger.  Donna Fulton, my colleague in Washington, has many contacts at FERC 
and is working with those people to learn what she can about the status of 
our proceeding 
Joanne is supposed to be meeting with Bob Wasson at the SEC (along with Bill 
Weedon) early next week to get a sense of where the SEC is on the case.
Per Rick's suggestion, I have asked another colleague of mine in Washington, 
Chris Long, to help us decide who would be the appropriate person to make 
contact at the SEC if we decide to make that contact.  Chris is working with 
some political operatives on this.
We have been working with Portland General and Sierra on their RTO filing As you may recall, a commitment to join an RTO (Regional Transmission 
Organization) is one of the things FERC will require of the merging parties An RTO filing will be made at FERC on October 23.  While RTO progress has 
been good so far, Sierra and PGE have indicated that they may have concerns 
with the RTO they are working with (the Northwest RTO).  We are working with 
Sierra and PGE to make sure that they do not do anything in the RTO 
proceeding that could cause concern for FERC regarding the companies' 
commitment to join an RTO.
There was some question about the status of a temporary services company 
being created by the merged company.  Joanne has been working with the Sierra 
and PGE people on this issue and does not see this as being a problem now, 
but I have asked her for confirmation that this "alternative" type of service 
company arrangement will not delay the SEC proceeding.  I am waiting for a 
response from Joanne.
Please let me know if you have any questions 
Sarah
print
John Ambler@_DEVELOPMENT
10/13/2000 04:39 PM
Jimmy,
I'll be working up a limited statement and Q&As, which we will need to run by 
Jeff Sherrick and Mark Metts.  Once we have an approved statement I'll let 
you know.  Of course, we would prefer to avoid publicity if possible.  Until 
we have an approved statement, please call me to discuss if you have pressing 
demands.
Thanks,
John
Jeffrey Sherrick@
10/13/2000 03:04 PM
On Friday (last night Houston time) we announced Enron's decision to sell 
Enron Oil & Gas India Ltd. (EOGIL), our subsidary that owns a 30% interest in 
the Panna, Mukta and Tapti concession areas.    We now have bankers involved 
and a data room is being prepared in Houston which  made it extremely 
difficult to keep the deal quiet any longer.  There were a rumors circulating 
through the office, but the reality of the announcement was still a shock to 
most of the employees in India and Houston.  Attached is a memo we handed out 
to employees, but basically we said the following:
1) Selling assets or companies is a routine part of Enron's strategy to 
redeploy capital in the higher return opportunities.  The company has 
exposure to a number of tremendous opportunities today that were not 
envisioned even twelve months ago.  In line with this strategy, we are 
placing EOGIL in the market.
2) Depending on the success of finding an acceptable buyer for EOGIL,  we 
will be reviewing the balance of our portfolio for transfer to other Enron 
entities or for sale as separate packages.  We anticipate closing the EOGIL 
transaction and rationalizing the remaining portfolio by March 31, 2001  3) Pending the success outlined in item #2, we will eliminate Enron Global 
E&P as an Enron business unit on March 31, 2001.
4) We announced some interim staff changes to facilitate the process. 
a) Jeff Sherrick would re-focus his time largely on the sale process
b) Mike Stewart will be responsible for all India activity except the sale 
process
c) Steve Harper will be responsible for EGEP's sale activity and 
coordination with our bankers and Corporate Development
5) Commented on the potential impact to employees in general terms.  We told 
them it was pre-mature to outline all of the possibilities until we signed a 
PSA with a buyer.  However, in general, there is a good likelihood that many 
people will either have opportunities for future employment with the buyers 
or through redeployment within Enron.  Those people that do not remain with 
the assets or are not redeployed in Enron will be involuntarily terminated 
March 31, 2001 unless they are needed to close a transaction or to provide 
transition services to a buyer.
I would like to keep this as low-keyed as possible.  Last year when we were 
for sale there were not a lot of comments, but you never know.  If anyone in 
the media picks up on this I would expect it to happen early next week.  Mike 
Stewart is currently in India in the Mumbai office (01191228395841) and can 
be reached at the Mariott after-hours(01191228577878).  He is fully briefed 
on our position regarding the activities within EGEP and EOGIL.  Mike will be 
traveling offshore and to Baroda over the weekend and on Monday.  I will be 
available all weekend and next week at the following numbers; (work) 
713-853-5934, (home) 281-320-2198, (cell) 713-569-4713.  I would suggest 
talking with Mike or I before making any comments to the media if possible.
This afternoon I notified our partners and thr Gov't of India of our 
intention to market our assets.  I will be making a trip to India soon to 
visit with the appropriate people in these organizations within the next two 
weeks.  While I wouldn't expect this to happen, please refer any inquiries 
from our partners (ONGC and Reliance) or the GOI to Mike or me.  As you might 
expect, we want to be careful and consistent in our message to these 
groups 
I will keep you informed regarding any changes to the above.  If you have any 
questions, contact me at the above numbers.
jeff
print first attachment only
Janet Butler
10/13/2000 03:59 PM
Attached is the weekly report for week ending October 13.
Also attached is the Order 637 Update 
Lastly, is the notice for Electronic Filings 
print
Jeffrey Keeler
10/13/2000 12:28 PM
Since the defeat of the Senate pipeline safety legislation earlier this week 
in the House, we have been working on strategies related to action that could 
occur before the end of the congressional session.  The following 
developments indicate that the legislation is still very much in play, but 
our primary concerns are making sure efforts going forward remain under 
control and preventing the passage of legislation that goes too far.
Developments:
House Republican leadership is not interested in pursuing the legislation any 
further, either through regular procedures or as an attachment to 
appropriations, "omnibus" or other must-pass measures.   They are somewhat 
angry at the industry for not being able to fight off advances made by Reps. 
Dingell and Oberstar, who were able to persuade enough Democrats to vote 
against the Senate bill so that it fell short of the 2/3 needed for passage 
under suspension of the rules.
Senate bill sponsors/supporters are extremely angry at House Democrats for 
killing the Senate legislation, and at the White House/DOT for not strongly 
promoting the Senate bill (which they previously had supported) and reigning 
in House Democrats.   Senator Patty Murray called the White House and 
expressed her concern, which prompted a series of meetings between staff for 
Senate and House Democrats and the White House to discuss a solution 
In these meetings, House Democrats have proposed adding several provisions 
from the Dingell/Oberstar legislation to the Senate bill and moving that 
package on an omnibus or appropriations bill.   Sources close to Rep. Dingell 
indicate that they really do not want any bill at all, and are merely keeping 
up the pressure in an effort to see if they can get the Senate or industry to 
accept tougher provisions.
Senate Democrats (including Murray, Bingaman, and Breaux) are not accepting 
any possible amendments to the original Senate bill, and are opposed to 
changing the Senate bill at all.   However, Senator Murray and Republican 
Senator Slade Gorton (who has a tough election) both want to continue to 
pursue the Senate bill (unamended) as a rider to an omnibus/appropriations 
bill 
The White House is looking to cover itself from a poor performance in the 
House, and is considering drafting an executive order that could be issued if 
no legislation passes at all.  It is unclear what could or would be contained 
in such an order, but the White House is indicating to Senate staff that it 
would be more like the Senate bill than the House bill.  We are working with 
sources close to the White House to confirm their strategy.
Strategy going forward:
Upon hearing that some industry associations were on Capitol Hill discussing 
"what industry could live with" in terms of provisions added to the Senate 
bill, I insisted (along with El Paso and others) that we not take such an 
approach, but rather remain consistent in our approach -- we support the 
Senate bill and only the Senate bill.   It was approved unanimously in the 
Senate and by 60% of the House, and if anything moves forward on an 
omnibus/appropriations bill, it should be the Senate bill.  Consistent with 
what our Senate friends are doing, we should not even recognize the 
Dingell/Oberstar legislation as a serious proposal, nor start accepting 
pieces of it as a compromise.
We will be shoring up support for our position of "if anything moves forward, 
it should be the Senate bill only" with Senate supporters and leadership in 
the House and Senate.  We will also be working to thank the 51 Democrats who 
supported us in the House, and make sure they have any cover they need in 
case their vote becomes an issue.   In support of Senator Gorton's election 
troubles, we will be working to try to get media placement of op-eds that 
support the efforts he has waged and make sure the House Democrats shoulder 
the blame for the bill's defeat.  In particular, we are hopeful that Senator 
McCain (who has been passionate about this issue) will write op-eds that can 
be placed to support Gorton and others in tough races who supported the 
Senate bill.
Congress' state of confusion over omnibus/appropriations bills and last 
minute politics causes the legislative activity to be extremely fluid and 
subject to change rapidly, so we will have no real certainty until the 
session is over (which now could be as late as October 20 
I will keep you posted as changes and developments occur.
Jeff
coule you get Jeannie copies of the slides or other write ups you have on 
this.
Jeannie -- I don't know how far it is prudent to take a position on this as a 
co.  It has already become a key battleground (garnering some discussion in 
the Gore-Lieberman debate).  I think we stay away from it as a co., but we at 
least ought to put the information in front of anyone we are asking to do an 
oped so that they can make a reasoned judgement.
Jeannie Mandelker@ECT
10/13/2000 08:19 AM
Hi -- I'm working on a dual gas/power op-ed (the former DeLay op-ed). I have 
Enron's message points on higher gas prices, but I wondered if we were taking 
a position on expanding natural gas exploration as Gov. Bush proposes -- onto 
more federal lands, particularly in Alaska. I read somewhere that 40% of 
potential US reserves are on federal lands.
Thanks for your help,
Jeannie
FYI
James D Steffes
02/17/2000 01:26 PM
Joe 
The Kennedy School has an on-line resume search device.  I put in "MITI and 
energy" and this resume popped up.
Let me know.
Joseph P Hirl@_DEVELOPMENT
02/16/2000 02:08 AM
Jim,
Good to see you last week.  As we begin to look for Japanese employees and in 
particular, RA/GA resources it would seem to make sense to tap into the US 
Graduate Schools (eg Kennedy School, W Wilson School, etc).  It would be a 
real coup if we could find an ex MITI employee for example that was educated 
in the States and had a taste for something "exotic."  It won't necessarily 
be easy.  At HBS we had two Japanese in our section that decided not to go 
back to their sponsoring company.  Today one is working for BCG and the other 
Cargill.
Any thoughts, contacts, etc.
Joe
please print
Paul Kaufman@ECT
10/13/2000 07:00 AM
I've revised both the backgrounder and message point documents.
print
Meredith Philipp
10/11/2000 05:39 PM
eCompany Now, a Fortune Magazine publication focused on e-business, is 
writing a feature on Enron.  The editor, Erick Schonfeld, will be in Houston 
on Friday, October 13 to conduct interviews.  The focus of the story is, once 
again, Enron's transformation to a new economy powerhouse and a successful 
eCommerce company 
Erick is interested in your views on:
How Enron has evolved, both operationally and culturally, from a pipeline 
company to an e-business market maker
Your role in Enron's overall strategy 
Your vision for the future of your business 
Where you see Enron in the near future
The interview schedule is as follows:
10-10:30 Tour - ENA 
10:30-11:00 Greg Piper (clickpaper.com)
11-12  Ken Rice (EBS)
12-12:30 Tour - EBS
2-3  Jeff Skilling (corporate overview)
I will bring Erick to your office at the scheduled time and will coordinate 
any follow-up inquiries.  Please contact me if you have any questions.
Thank you,
Meredith 
x57141 
please print
=09Rex Rogers
=0910/12/2000 11:28 AM
=09=09=20
I have been asked to make a brief presentation at next Monday=01,s Executive=20
Committee meeting addressing a new S.E.C. insider trading rule.  Although the=20
new rule may increase exposure to liability for insider trading, certain=20
provisions of the new rule may actually provide for greater flexibility in=20
the timing of your personal trades in Enron Corp. common stock.  Attached is=20
a short memo addressing our current Company procedures and policies for=20
trading, the new S.E.C. rule, and some suggestions for alternatives that you=20
may want to consider concerning your personal trades in Enron Corp. common=20
stock.  If anyone wants to discuss the new rule and the trading alternatives=20
provided by the new rule before next week=01,s meeting, please don=01,t hesitate to=20
give me a call at 713-853-3069.  Thank you.
Attachments
=20
print
Ann M Schmidt
10/16/2000 08:26 AM
A Trio of Little Guys
Embarks on Wild Ride
In Global Oil Market
Pursuing Business With DOE,
Their Paths Diverge; One
Leads to `a Lot of Money' 
By Wall Street Journal staff reporters John Fialka in Denver, Alexei 
Barrionuevo in Tallahassee, Fla., and Jonathan Weil in New York 
? 
10/16/2000 
The Wall Street Journal 
Page A1 
Tallahassee, Fla., all had dreams of becoming oil barons. And on Oct. 4, when 
the Department of Energy announced the results of the bidding for oil from 
the nation's Strategic Petroleum Reserve, they thought their ships had come 
in. 
Two of the three black entrepreneurs were unknowns in the industry, and none 
of them had ever done a major oil deal. But there they were, listed as 
winning bidders alongside some of the biggest names in the business Marathon Ashland Petroleum LLC, Morgan Stanley Dean Witter & Co., BP Amoco 
PLC and Amerada Hess Corp. Each would be given the right to withdraw millions 
of barrels of oil from the reserve amid one of the most volatile oil markets 
in decades. In exchange, each had offered to replace that oil, plus an 
additional amount akin to an interest payment, a year later. They and the 
other winning bidders, the Energy Department said, were picked soley because 
they pledged to return the biggest quantities of oil to the reserve. 
There was just one catch: In its rush to release the oil and so ease a price 
crunch, the Energy Department had suspended its usual requirement that each 
bidder supply financial guarantees. But it wanted the winning bidders to 
present letters of credit, equal to the oil's market value, five days after 
their bids were submitted. The big players could easily meet that 
requirement. But Messrs. Stroud, Euell and Peek were men of limited means. 
They needed to find someone willing to back them for tens of millions of 
dollars -- and fast. 
The drama made for an unaccustomed scene in Harlem, where the 35-year-old Mr. 
Stroud lived with his 74-year-old mother. A heavy-set man with a goatee, Mr. 
Stroud, a former Army enlisted man who had dropped out of college shy of 
graduation, had held a string of odd jobs while using the Internet to seek 
out a big business deal. 
The aspiring oil man had entered his bid for four million barrels from the 
reserve, via the Internet. He won't discuss the details of his bid, but says 
he thought he could outbid the large oil companies because he didn't have as 
much overhead. After the winning bids were announced, Mr. Stroud became 
something of a celebrity. TV news crews arrived to interview his neighbors, 
many of whom had no idea what all the fuss was about. "I thought he [Mr. 
Stroud] was some kind of rap star," recalls Carline Thomas, who lives down 
the hall from him. 
As neighbors paused to shoot the breeze on the steps of nearby residential 
buildings, most marred by graffiti, Wall Street couriers bearing fat packets 
of information spent the week scurrying back and forth from Mr. Stroud's 
apartment on a seedy block in Harlem's central business district. 
Inside Mr. Stroud's apartment, the telephone wouldn't stop ringing, and his 
mother was helping him field the calls. He says he was in serious talks with 
four companies. And a movie producer was interested in his life story. Then, 
amid the chaos, tragedy struck. On Tuesday night, his mother, Iris Manning, 
suffered a cardiac arrest, and was taken to a hospital a few blocks south of 
Mr. Stroud's apartment. 
Mr. Stroud said he spent most of Wednesday running between his apartment and 
the hospital, taking occasional phone calls to deal with prospective 
financiers. Ms. Manning went into cardiac arrest three more times, and died 
at 9:47 p.m. Wednesday evening. 
Mr. Stroud was dazed by the fact that what he called the two biggest events 
of his life -- the death of his mother and his selection by the Energy 
Department -- occurred almost simultaneously. "I'm saying `there must be some 
reason I'm here,' " he said later. "These things happening like this, the 
odds must be in the millions Mr. Stroud won't discuss which companies were vying for his oil, but he says 
at one point he thought he had an offer to buy him out for $1.50 a barrel, or 
$6 million. The most serious discussions began Thursday, with a 
representative from a refining company, which he refuses to name. From that 
discussion Thursday until the following evening, Mr. Stroud says, he was 
confident that the refiner would grant him the letter of credit he needed. 
But at 9 p.m. Friday, three hours before his deadline, Mr. Stroud said he got 
a call telling him the deal was off. "I was upset," he says. "I mean, instead 
of wasting my time with that I could have obtained the financing quickly" 
from some other source. 
A spokesman for Koch Industries Inc., based in Wichita, Kan., said it was in 
negotiations with both Messrs. Euell and Stroud. "We invited them to make a 
deal that made economic sense." BP Amoco said it also had discussions with 
Mr. Stroud. 
Mr. Stroud now says the DOE should have given him an extension, under the 
circumstances. "If your mother passes, aren't you given three days to 
grieve?" Mr. Stroud asks. His mother's funeral is scheduled for Wednesday, 
which would have been her 75th birthday, he says. 
Mr. Euell ran a small company, Euell Energy Resources, whose 12 employees 
helped him broker natural-gas sales and other small energy deals. By night, 
he worked the phones from his home in a modest Denver suburb, calling oil 
producers in Nigeria and energy brokers in Singapore and Sydney, always 
looking for the big score that would make him rich. 
A friend, Norman Early, a sometime golfing partner and a former Denver U.S. 
district attorney, says the 50-year-old Mr. Euell is "one of those guys who 
shoots for the stars." On Oct. 4, Mr. Euell thought he had hit one. He had 
been awarded the right to withdraw three million barrels of oil from the 
Strategic Petroleum Reserve, in exchange for returning 3.3 million barrels a 
year later. That was enough oil to fill 14,019 conventional tank trucks. 
Knowing he would need a partner to provide financial backing, Mr. Euell had 
already placed a call to a man he'd never met: Kenneth L. Lay, chairman and 
chief executive of Enron Corp. He said he was sure he was going to be one of 
the top bidders for the reserve oil. Would Enron like to be his partner? 
Within a few hours John Nolan, the giant energy company's vice president in 
charge of trading, called from London. Enron , he said, was interested. 
By Oct. 6, the price of oil had already fallen, making Mr. Euell's bid look 
generous. Still, he felt bullish. "I'm betting on Mother Nature, that she's 
coming back this winter and that oil's going to be more valuable It wasn't Mother Nature, but the crisis in the Middle East that turned things 
around. Monday, Oct. 9, the target price for November oil futures on the New 
York Mercantile Exchange, jumped a dollar to $31.86 a barrel and headed 
higher. Mr. Euell flew to Houston and took a room at the Hyatt Regency, from 
which he could see Enron 's 50-story office tower. 
By Tuesday, the price of oil had hit $33.18. By Mr. Euell's calculations that 
meant a $3 million profit for him and an equal amount for his prospective 
partner just across the street. Enron 's lawyers were working on an agreement 
that would substitute Enron as the major party in Mr. Euell's contract, he 
said, and were drawing up the letter of credit for $93 million that the DOE 
required. 
Eager to close the deal, Mr. Euell called Enron trader Patrick Danaher, who 
was working on the project. "I want to sign this thing up today," Mr. Euell 
told him, claiming that he had received an offer from another, unnamed firm, 
offering to buy his contract for $1.2 million. According to tapes of the 
conversation provided by Enron , Mr. Danaher said the paperwork was under 
way: "Let me see if we can do that today Mr. Euell called backed at 11:30 a.m. and again at 11:45 a.m. Each time, the 
trader sounded more pessimistic. Prospects were "50-50." When Mr. Euell 
suggested he had other offers, Mr. Danaher told him: "If you have a bid at 
$1.2 million, you should take it. A bird in the hand is worth two in the 
bush. I just have to tell you that." Still, he invited Mr. Euell to dinner. 
Tuesday's deadline passed without dinner or any action from Enron . While it 
appears from the tapes that the parties had been close to an accord, Eric 
Thode, a spokesman for Enron 's trading branch, says: "At no time was there 
anything remotely resembling a deal with Mr. Euell Mr. Euell got the DOE to agree to extend the deadline for another 24 hours 
and, after a round of frantic phone calls, says he collected pledges from a 
group of European banks to support the $93 million letter of credit. But, 
when the new deadline expired, he still had failed to get the proper 
paperwork to the DOE, which then declared his award to have lapsed. "They 
played me," Mr. Euell complains, blaming Enron for the missed deadlines. 
Still, he says, the experience amounted to an instant "Ph.D." in oil. Next 
time, he vows, he will have his own letter of credit. 
The DOE said late last week that it will accept new bids on the seven million 
barrels of oil Messrs. Stroud and Euell forfeited. 
As for Mr. Peek, he remains the mystery man of the three. His company, 
Burhany Energy Industries Inc., was formed Aug. 21. It employs no one but Mr. 
Peek himself. Staffers at the Florida Black Business Investment Board, where 
Mr. Peek works as a business-development specialist, said he had taken last 
week off. Shutters were drawn at his modest, one-story house in Tallahassee. 
Phone calls to Mr. Peek were forwarded to an unidentified neighbor. In an 
e-mail to a reporter, Mr. Peek apologized for being unreachable. He was 
"working relentlessly to consummate this transaction" and couldn't "entertain 
any distraction at the moment On Saturday, the Department of Energy announced that Mr. Peek had 
successfully transferred his interest in three million barrels of government 
oil to Hess Energy Trading Co. of New York, a partnership that includes 
Amerada Hess. Amerada Hess Vice President Carl Tursi said he could give few 
details of the deal, except to say that he believes there was an 
"arrangement" that resulted in "a lot of money" for Mr. Peek. 
Financial 
DEAL OF THE WEEK; Artesia Seeks a Link To Information Firms 
Nicholas Johnston 
? 
10/16/2000 
The Washington Post 
FINAL 
Page E05 
Rockville-based Artesia Technologies wasn't just interested in another 
venture capital investment. It wanted partners. 
In its recent $26 million funding, the digital asset management company's 
second round, its venture capital lead was joined by a group of "strategic 
partners Artesia wanted to form relationships with other information management 
companies, instead of working only with banks or venture capital firms. "We 
wanted to make it more of a partnership with other companies," said Brian 
Hedquist, Artesia's marketing communications manager. 
For example, in September, Vignette Corp. of Austin announced an agreement 
with Artesia to create an Internet commerce application. Now with Vignette's 
investment, the relationship is strengthened. "It's not a pure financial 
investment," said Hedquist of the equity stake Vignette and the other 
strategic partners have in Artesia. "They have a vested interest. We're all 
going to benefit Artesia was born last year in a management-led buyout with the help of $25 
million from Warburg Pincus. 
CEO Chris Veator created the company when he and a group of insiders led a 
buyout of the information management division of Boston-based financial 
information giant Thomson Financial Corp. 
Veator's idea was to jump into digital asset management for a broad array of 
clients, not just managing information for publishing companies and new 
organizations. 
"We found very quickly," Veator said, "that the real opportunity was not just 
in the publishing community Company officials said the funding will help Artesia pursue more 
international expansion opportunities, the primary focus of which will be 
Europe, where Artesia opened a London office last June. Also, the financing 
will be used to increase the sales and marketing staff. Veator expects the 
staff to double and revenue to triple over the next 12 months, though he 
declined to give any financial information. 
Artesia Technologies 
Deal size: $26 million 
Investors: Led by Warburg Pincus Ventures; EA Systems Inc., Enron Broadband 
Services, Vignette, Razorfish and Protege Virtual Management Solutions 
Description: Digital asset manager, helps companies catalogue, search and use 
stored digital information 
Headquarters: Rockville 
Employees: 140 
Web site: www.artesia.com 
Contact IG 
Oct. 16, 2000, 11:01PM
What public gets is at heart of arena issue 
By ERIC BERGER 
When Enron Field opened this spring, the Astros boasted to fans that they 
were playing baseball the way it was meant to be -- on real grass, under the 
open sky. 
Blocks away, the Rockets and most of the city's political and business elite 
are asking voters for a new basketball arena. 
Yet, if voters approve the construction in the Nov. 7 election, the game 
still would be played indoors on a hardwood floor. An arena is, after all, an 
arena, and basketball already is played in Houston the way it was meant to 
be. 
The team points to such fan benefits as a flashier show, with modern video 
and sound equipment, and a more competitive team funded by higher revenues. 
The arena's influential backers say an arena would spur downtown development, 
strengthen the economy and help affirm Houston's position as a world-class 
city. 
For nonfans, it's difficult to predict how many of these benefits an arena 
actually would generate. More calculable is the financial effect it would 
have on Rockets owner Leslie Alexander and, to a lesser extent, the city of 
Houston. 
Compared with his bare-bones lease at Compaq Center, Alexander and the 12 
players who wear his uniform stand to benefit greatly. 
Based on estimates from other new arenas, Alexander stands to reap $30 
million to $45 million more a year were he to go from being a tenant at 
Compaq Center to being landlord of a new arena. For about $7 million a year, 
Alexander would enjoy revenue from such sources as 100 luxury suites, premium 
club seating near the court, selling the building's name and even bestowing 
upon Miller, Coors or some other brewer the right to sell $6 beers. 
Granted, going from tenant to landlord would boost his costs. Less the rent 
he now pays at Compaq Center, Alexander would spend $8 million to $10 million 
a year to keep the lights on. 
For players, there's no such overhead. They would share the windfall. Under 
the collective bargaining agreement ratified in January 1999, most revenues 
collected by NBA owners are stirred into a mythical pot, out of which 55 
percent is divided by the number of teams to determine a salary cap. 
For the city's part, it would spend less money buying and preparing land for 
the arena under this year's deal, with expenses capped at $20 million. A 
different location chosen in last year's plan would have cost the city at 
least $15 million more. 
Both this year and last the city was to own the land and arena after 30 
years. Now the city would get a parking garage, too. 
In the revised agreement, the city also would receive $200,000 a year, use of 
the arena for convention-related events or fund-raisers on 20 days a year, 
and a suite between the free-throw lines. 
It's a "much better deal" for Houston, says Mayor Lee Brown, who, as a chief 
negotiator and supporter of the previous deal, is among the least likely to 
make such admissions. 
City officials have valued the suite at $250,000 to $500,000 because it would 
allow Houston to woo convention center customers. The Rockets plan to sell 
the suites for $100,000 to $150,000 each. 
The suite actually could cost more than it is worth if the city opts to cater 
games for visitors. This year, the sports authority spent about $65,000 on 
food for about 80 dates at Enron Field. There would be at least twice as many 
events in the arena. 
The public would make its greatest contribution through the Harris 
County-Houston Sports Authority. 
That board would sell bonds to cover the arena's $175 million design and 
construction cost. Appointed by the city and county to collect hotel and car 
rental taxes to finance stadium construction, the 13-member sports authority 
also would repay a $30 million loan -- interest-free for the first five years 
-- from business leaders earmarked for a parking garage. 
What does the public get in return? 
"Something much bigger," said Ken Lay, co-chairman of the pro-arena campaign. 
"It's making Houston, Texas, and particularly downtown, a much more viable 
economic area. Making it more attractive for business to come to town, making 
it more attractive for conventions to come to town, and making it more 
attractive for the best and brightest talent in the world to come here and 
work with us Moreover, supporters say a downtown arena, with its advanced sound and video 
systems, wider concourses, scores of restrooms and a constellation of 
eateries, would be like going from a phonograph to a hi-fi stereo. 
Some longtime Compaq Center patrons who have visited new arenas agree. 
"When people go to Enron Field they've had an experience," said fan Rebecca 
Tonahill, 53, who attends a couple of dozen Rockets and Comets games a year 
and has traveled to Los Angeles and Indianapolis arenas that opened last 
year. "You don't get an experience at Compaq Center, but I think they could 
capture some of that with the new arena Overall analyses of the deal's bottom-line cost vary by how much the sports 
authority loses, if anything, from building the parking garage. 
Harris County Tax Assessor-Collector Paul Bettencourt calculates the Rockets 
would pay only 30 percent of the arena's total cost, which comes to $256 
million by his tally, and the public would pay the remainder. Ric Campo, the 
sports authority's financial whiz, contends the team's contribution would be 
closer to half of the $220 million he estimates as the total cost. 
Depending on how the numbers are manipulated, both are right. 
Bettencourt believes the public would pay the parking garage's entire $35 
million cost. 
A sore spot among tax watchdogs has been the sports authority building a 
garage that Alexander will have exclusive profit from during his events, 
including games involving the Rockets and Comets basketball teams and 
ThunderBears arena football team. 
Still, said Campo, the sports authority has use of the garage at all other 
times, which he says would be enough to cover annual garage payments. The 
private loan is interest-free for the first five years, which would save $9 
million. 
What is clear is that taxpayers would spend between $125 million and $175 
million to build an arena that would create wealth for a few. Arena opponents 
call it corporate welfare. Supporters say it's a good investment. 
It has happened before, to an even greater extent, with the construction of 
Enron Field for Astros owner Drayton McLane Jr. and the football stadium for 
Houston Texans owner Bob McNair. 
"This point always raises serious questions about balance in people's minds said Dennis Howard, a sports marketing professor at the University of Oregon. 
"Those paying the greatest share are not getting the benefit. They often 
can't even afford to go The counter-argument from arena supporters is that visitors pay most hotel 
and car rental taxes. Bettencourt has studied the issue and concluded that 
locals pay at least 30 percent of the visitor taxes. 
Howard's research suggests about one of every 10 people who live in a market 
where a major-league sports team gets a new building ends up using the 
facility in a given year. However, the study did not differentiate arenas 
from football or baseball stadiums. Arenas probably would attract more people 
because of the many nonsporting events held there. 
Not only do fans pay for the building with taxes, they are hit again by more 
expensive tickets, said Howard, noting that average ticket prices jump by 30 
to 40 percent in a new building. 
The Rockets disputed that, citing a study of six recently opened arenas where 
prices jumped from 7 to 28 percent. The team's chief operating officer, 
George Postolos, said the Rockets have not raised the price of the most 
affordable tickets in five years. He said the team would remain committed to 
keeping a comparable number of affordable seats in a new arena. 
Customers buying expensive tickets, typically corporations, would feel the 
bulk of the increase. 
"Premium seat holders get more in a new building," he said, "and they pay 
more for it Houston voters, at least, have a fairly clear idea of who is getting what in 
this deal. "It's all right there on the table," notes Bob Eury, president of 
Central Houston Inc. 
That is not always the case when teams and governments are eager 
collaborators in search of public support. In Indianapolis, for instance, 
local media suggested the agreement to build the $183 million Conseco 
Fieldhouse involved $104 million in private money and $79 million in public 
money. One reporter writing in the Indianapolis Star's special arena-opening 
section went as far as to write: "This isn't Houston or Hartford, Conn., or 
those other cities that swung open the public vault when it came time to pony 
up for new sports facilities An arena built with less public than private money in such a small market 
would be something worth bragging about. 
The reality in the bond documents is much different: The city's capital 
improvement board sold $222.6 million worth of bonds to finance the arena and 
a parking garage. Those bonds will be repaid by a dizzying array of taxes, 
including a cigarette tax, car-rental tax, hotel tax, a tax on goods sold at 
the arena, and a diversion of state income taxes on player's salaries. 
The private contributions come from $10 million worth of donated land, a $37 
million loan to be repaid by the city, and, as touted by the Star, $57 
million from the Pacers basketball team. 
But the Pacers' "contribution" is made up almost entirely of revenues the 
city expects to generate from the arena's publicly financed parking garage 
when the team is not using it, according to an attorney who worked on the 
bond sale. 
Advertising for the arena in Houston so far has been accurate, but there are 
two sides to some of the numbers presented. 
A common claim is that the Rockets would pay $8.5 million a year in rent, 
appearing most recently in an Oct. 1 opinion piece by sports authority 
Chairman Billy Burge. This implies that more than half the $13 million to $14 
million the sports authority would pay on its arena debt each year would come 
from the Rockets. 
Actually, of this "rent," $1.6 million would be put into a fund for major 
arena repairs. Another $1.5 million would be paid to the sports authority, 
but if the sports authority could pay its annual debts, the money would be 
refunded to the Rockets. The sports authority would have enough money to pay 
its debt on three stadiums if its tax revenues rise at 3 percent. They have 
grown at around 10 percent in recent years. 
Finally, another $200,000 of the "rent" is paid to the city. 
Boosters also commonly promote arenas to voters as engines of economic 
development, generating millions of dollars in sales taxes. 
But even if the teams left, most personal leisure spending would simply be 
spent on movies, the arts or other forms of entertainment, said John 
Siegfried, a Vanderbilt University economics professor. 
The other major chunk, from sales taxes on corporate spending at the arenas, 
often comes from advertising budgets, he said, and there are other 
promotional activities where the money could be spent. 
"Repeatedly, we're finding the emperor has no clothes," said Howard, of 
Oregon. "These buildings are sold as economic development engines, but the 
economic impact they create is negligible Studies by professional consultants may, and often do, find otherwise, but 
they are usually commissioned by a team or government seeking to justify 
public spending on a new facility, Siegfried said. 
Campo countered that building Enron Field has already fueled local economic 
gain from higher property tax revenues. The ballpark's 10 blocks of land were 
purchased at $12 per square foot, he said. A single block across the street 
was recently sold for $100 a square foot to Trammel Crow. 
Land values around the arena site have likewise doubled within the last year 
on speculation of development there. 
"That's creating a lot of value for the city, county and schools," Campo 
said. 
Economists, including four interviewed for this article, argue that spending 
public money in other ways, such as tax abatements to developers, would 
stimulate even more activity. They point to research in respected economic 
journals that has found higher high school graduation rates and more spending 
on police encouraged economic growth, whereas a major-league sports team 
actually put a drag on the economy. 
By Texas law, the sports authority may not spend the taxes it collects on a 
venue unless it is approved by voters, and it may spend its revenue only on 
sports facilities or other community projects like an arts center. 
Its 2 percent hotel tax and 5 percent car rental tax will not rise if the 
arena proposition passes. Adding arena payments to its existing debt would 
completely tap its resources, however. 
The board has not addressed what to do if the arena fails. To spend money on 
anything other than an approved venue, such as hospitals or schools as 
opponents suggest, would require legislative action. 
Return to top
OUTLOOK
Editorials
FOR ARENA / Many concrete reasons to support this proposal Nov. 7
Staff
10/15/2000
Houston Chronicle
4 STAR
2
Houstonians are no strangers to the many arguments for and against the 
building of new sports arenas. We've hashed and rehashed them often in the 
past few years. We've put one facility - Enron Field for baseball downtown on the map, and we're erecting another - a new football/rodeo stadium at the 
site of the Astrodome. 
A decision on a third piece - a downtown basketball/hockey arena - is 
forthcoming on the Nov. 7 election ballot.
The Chronicle urges voters to vote for the arena referendum. 
It makes sense for Houston to finish the third leg of this sports facility 
package as both a quality-of-life amenity and a valuable economic development 
tool. 
The arena proposal is essentially the same one, in terms of financing, as the 
others that were approved by voters in 1996. Tax dollars will be spent 
sparingly, taxpayer liability is limited, and taxpayers are even protected 
from having to pick up cost overruns. 
The fact there is a relative consensus on the proposal, or at least a lack of 
vigorous opposition as there was on a previous proposal, is a signal that 
this deal is a better one for Houston. The building's tenants, the Houston 
Rockets and Comets, are paying a fair share of the costs. 
Ticket and parking taxes have been eliminated from the new proposal. 
Many people find the "corporate welfare" aspect of publicly financed arenas 
distasteful, and some of their concerns have merit. But the reality is that 
major league sports teams are amenities that help cities and all of their 
residents. That's part of the reason so many cities compete to have them and 
retain them. 
Houstonians have debated this issue for years, and some people will adhere, 
no matter what, to the philosophy that sports teams shouldn't be publicly 
subsidized. Continued debate won't change their minds. 
We believe the presence of sports teams and facilities such as these is a 
plus for the city that far outweighs the public costs. 
It's not an esoteric, theoretical discussion. The proof is concrete - as 
concrete as the 18 new projects developed in downtown around Enron Field. 
They include a mix of residential, office and entertainment facilities 
totaling about $700 million. 
The economic activity these enterprises generate is already a boon to 
Houston's economy. The property value they add to the tax rolls will more 
than offset the public investment costs of Enron Field. 
Some critics of the arena have posited the theory that funds needed for 
public safety, such as improvements to the Fire Department, will be raided or 
shortchanged by the city's commitment to the arena. But that's simply not the 
case. The increased property taxes and other benefits of a more dynamic 
downtown will repay the city's investment many times over. That's new tax 
money available to the city's general fund, which pays for police and fire 
protection. So, it's not an either-or decision. 
Furthermore, what the stadium and all this activity have done for downtown, 
and for Houston's image as a whole, is quite remarkable. 
Remember, downtown's northeast quadrant was was a virtual ghost town of 
dilapidated warehouses and empty fields only a few months ago. Enron Field, 
coupled with Theater District development and other projects, has put to rest 
almost every argument that was made against the building of that stadium. 
A downtown arena would help complete the renaissance of the area and would 
put money into the public coffers. 
These are all strong reasons to vote enthusiastically for the arena proposal 
on Nov. 7.
A
Is new arena deal a slam-dunk for taxpayers? / Houston's costs, funding for 
NBA team compared to other cities
ERIC BERGER
Staff
10/15/2000
Houston Chronicle
2 STAR
1
Those who support subsidizing an arena to keep the Houston Rockets in Space 
City hail the deal struck this summer. It's better for taxpayers than last 
year's accord, they say. It's comparable to what the Astros and Texans got. 
Perhaps more important, they say, the agreement Houstonians will vote on Nov. 
7 is a "market deal" that compares favorably with other arenas built in 
recent years for National Basketball Association teams.
But does it really? 
A Houston Chronicle study of the seven most recently built U.S. arenas for 
NBA clubs reveals that four were constructed with less tax money than will be 
spent here if voters approve next month's arena proposition. One had a 
slightly larger public contribution and two were built with considerably more 
public money. 
There are good reasons for this, arena boosters contend. Unlike Houston, 
three of these four cities offering lesser subsidies provided other 
incentives. 
In Dallas and Los Angeles, they note, the government condemned whole blocks 
of land for private development around the arena. In Atlanta, Ted Turner was 
given carte blanche to develop public land. 
All of the markets that received a smaller subsidy also had both major league 
basketball and hockey teams, which could share the construction costs. Two 
teams generate more revenue, which tends to make the public contribution less 
vital. 
"This is one of the largest single-team contributions to a building ever said Rockets Chief Operating Officer George Postolos, whose team is paying 
about $7 million a year for control of the Houston arena. 
Still, there is another general rule of thumb when it comes to determining a 
public subsidy. Historically, the less populous a city and its suburbs, the 
more public money is needed to complete an arena project. With their bevy of 
Fortune 500 companies, larger cities far outstrip the mid-sized markets' 
capacity to buy the pricey suites and club seats that make new arenas so 
lucrative for NBA owners. 
Strikingly, an arena was built with far fewer tax dollars in one city smaller 
than Houston - Denver. 
Atlanta, a market comparable to Houston, built an arena with considerably 
less public money. 
This was also the case in two larger markets. Los Angeles built an arena with 
almost no public money, and Dallas' expensive project had substantially less 
public than private money involved. 
Only two of the cities reviewed, San Antonio and Indianapolis, built arenas 
with larger public money contributions, which is consistent with their 
relatively small market stature. 
"The arena deal follows the Enron Field-type of model," said Harris County 
Tax Assessor-Collector Paul Bettencourt, who released a study critical of 
Houston's arena plan but has not campaigned against it. "It's consistent with 
how the baseball and football stadiums were built in Houston. 
"But it's clearly not the model for arenas in the rest of the country, from 
Los Angeles to Atlanta to Denver Conservative activist Bruce Hotze, who recently launched an effort against 
the arena, says Houston should follow the example of other cities where the 
owners of sports teams - such as the Utah Jazz in 1991 - have primarily paid 
for their facilities. He characterizes anything less as corporate welfare. 
The list of factors determining how far a team can dip into public coffers 
goes on, from the breadth of a team's local following to its success and its 
owner's popularity, said Andrew Zimbalist, a Smith College economics 
professor. 
But the overriding factor is probably simpler, he said. 
"The best strategy for any team to follow is to ask for so much money that 
the referendum passes by a tenth of a percentage point," Zimbalist said. 
"Teams will get as much as they can. If it passes by 5 percent, the owner, 
usually a smart businessman, has done himself a disservice Another big factor is a threat to move. 
This has loomed over Houston since NBA Commissioner David Stern announced 
earlier this year that he was "certain" the Rockets would leave town without 
a new building. 
When the Denver Nuggets wanted a new arena in the mid-1990s they had a decade 
left on their lease. The Rockets have just three years left before they can 
leave Houston. Otherwise, Denver's circumstances as its leaders began 
negotiating with the team were remarkably similar to Houston's. 
The city had just spent about $200 million in public money to build Coors 
Field for the Colorado Rockies baseball team, and was contemplating an even 
larger expenditure to replace Mile High Stadium for the NFL's Broncos. 
But when it came to the city-owned McNichols Arena, built, like Compaq 
Center, in 1975, the attitude was that if the team's owner wanted a new 
building he would have to do it largely with public money, said Dean Bonham, 
a Denver-based sports consultant. Eventually, the owner got some city 
concessions totaling about $30 million but paid for all the arena's 
construction costs. 
A few years later in Houston, after building Enron Field and ponying up for a 
new football stadium, public leaders have signed a similar, heavily 
subsidized plan for the basketball team. 
What was it that opened Houston's treasury when Denver's was closed? 
"I can sum the difference up in one word: leverage," Bonham said. "The Denver 
teams weren't going anywhere soon. The Rockets got a green light to go In Miami, a smaller market where a building was constructed with slightly 
more public money than would be spent in Houston, the Heat's first arena was 
only 8 years old when the team asked for a new facility. 
At first team officials, amid threats of leaving, managed to cut a deal with 
the Miami-Dade County Commission to build a $165 million arena on Biscayne 
Bay with only $50 million coming from the team. 
But leading up to a referendum a new county mayor, Alex Penelas, was elected 
in part because he campaigned against public financing for the arena, saying 
the county had "given away the kitchen sink Later, a deal was struck in which the team paid for the arena's construction 
and the county bought bayfront property and helped the team with annual 
operating costs. 
This dramatic game of building publicly backed sports stadiums with 
questionable public support is so familiar throughout the United States that 
it has practically become the fifth major league sport. 
More than $21.7 billion has been spent or committed on 95 built or planned 
big-league stadiums since 1990, and, according to several economists' 
calculations, two-thirds of that money comes from public sources. 
In Houston, more than two-thirds of the nearly $1 billion in built, planned 
or proposed stadiums since 1996 has or would come from public sources. 
In spring 1996, citing aging facilities and unprofitable leases, the Oilers 
had left town and the Astros were making threats. The still-champion Rockets 
were bound here into the new century, but would soon sue to break that lease 
and were making no promises beyond 2003. 
The Astrodome and Compaq Center had lost their sheen amid a nationwide tide 
of stadium building that is only now ebbing. Political leaders decided they 
must do something to stop the defection of Houston's pro sports teams. 
For several months, a blue-ribbon commission chaired by Pete Coneway and Ben 
Love tackled the issue, ultimately deciding, as elsewhere around the country, 
that the city and county should help build new facilities for baseball, 
football and basketball. 
From this blueprint arose the Harris County-Houston Sports Authority, which 
has helped fund two of those facilities and is seeking voter approval to 
spend its remaining tax revenues on a new downtown basketball arena. 
The Astros hit the jackpot with Enron Field, which has propelled their 
attendance to more than 3 million for the first time. After the Oilers made 
good on their threat to move to Nashville, it took Bob McNair's $700 million 
and Texas charm, as well as a $367 million football stadium, to bring the NFL 
back. 
Sports authority members say that if McNair's experience teaches Houston 
anything, it will take a far greater investment than the proposed arena's 
costs to return the NBA should the Rockets leave. 
They point out as well that in building both the baseball and football 
stadiums, although each cost more than the arena, Alexander would pay more 
than has either McNair or Astros owner Drayton McLane Jr. 
Houston's arena deal, as complicated as it appears, lacks the hidden value 
attached to some other deals, which Rockets officials say makes sports team 
owners in the other markets appear less mercenary at first blush. 
More than two years ago Dallas voters approved a $125 million public 
contribution to a new arena by a handful of votes in a citywide referendum. 
A scrappy coalition of opponents, which had only $75,000 to spend, tried to 
point out that the public was giving up much more than the $125 million. 
Beneath that widely reported figure was essentially freedom for the arena 
developers, Dallas Mavericks owner Ross Perot Jr. and Dallas Stars owner Tom 
Hicks, to proceed with an 18-city block, $1 billion overall development with 
the city's blessing. 
In January, Perot sold the Mavericks basketball team to Internet billionaire 
Mark Cuban. 
Perot, who had bought the team only four years earlier, said he was 
interested in the new arena largely for the related development 
opportunities. 
"A lot of people look at a basketball team as an anchor tenant for an arena. 
I look at an arena as the anchor tenant for a much larger program," he said 
upon selling the Mavericks. His Hillwood Development Corp. retained the 
development rights. 
To aid the development, the city of Dallas condemned much of the land and 
offered as much as $30 million for infrastructure work to spruce up the 
property. 
The city also let both the Stars, a hockey team, and Mavericks out of their 
Reunion Arena leases several years early and went so far as to ensure no 
other sports referendums would be on the same ballot. Hillwood also got a 4 
percent construction management fee and Hicks 1.5 percent as part of the $325 
million in public and private money spent on the arena. 
"Oh sure, there were kickbacks and all that," said Sharon Boyd, co- 
chairwoman of the opposition group It's a Bad Deal! 
"It was like all of a sudden there were five men in Dallas that got free land 
and didn't have to pay taxes. That's a sweet deal Like Dallas, Atlanta offered Ted Turner a plush real estate deal to keep the 
Hawks basketball team in the city, freeing up the NBA team to pay more than 
half the arena's actual construction cost. 
Hawks' owner Turner Broadcasting Co. was given 10 years to add development to 
the public land the arena was built on, with streets, roads, sidewalks and 
other needed infrastructure paid for with tax money. 
In Los Angeles, the city condemned most of about 30 acres surrounding the 
privately developed Staples Center for a hotel, restaurants and an 
entertainment district. 
"The subsidies take all kinds of forms," said Robert Baade, an economics 
professor at Lake Forest College in Illinois. 
"The cities and teams have become much more clever about how they finance 
these things and hide the public subsidies Monday: Who would pay, who would benefit from a new arena.
Graph: 1. Basketball arena deals (p.18); Photos: 2. Houston Rockets Proposal 
arena (p.18); 3. San Antonio Spurs: SBC Arena (p. 18); 4. Dallas Mavericks: 
American Airlines Center (p.18); 5. Atlanta Hawks: Phillips Arena (p.18); 6. 
Denver Nuggets: Pepsi Center (p.18); 7. Los Angeles Lakers, Los Angeles 
Clippers: Staples Center (p.18); 8. Miami Heat: American Airlines Arena 
(p.18); 9. Indiana Pacers: Conseco Fieldhouse (p. 18) 
please print
Cynthia Sandherr
10/12/2000 07:43 PM
Tonight by a vote of 91/2 (although Senator Wellstone was asking to switch 
his vote; so the final vote may end up being 90/3) the Senate passed the 
Conference Report on the DOD Reauthorization, H.R. 4205.  With the 
overwhelming majority votes in both the House and Senate this week, the bill 
will now be enrolled and sent to the President for signature.
Although the statutory language and report language is a clear victory for 
EFS; we did not in the end have the draft colloquy entered into the record 
regarding the enforcement interpretation.  Seems EEI's lawyers had submitted 
a colloquy of their own.  Thus, our colloquy successfully served the purpose 
of blocking theirs which we should list as a "victory" given that their 
colloquy would have been damaging to us.  So in the end, Enron achieved all 
its legislative goals while EEI was unsuccessful in even gaining a statement 
for the record.
Off the record, we did gain acceptance for the issue raised in our colloquy 
by DOD and they stand ready to defend their enforcement authority; possibly 
at the upcoming NARUC meeting.
Bill signature; and thus, Public Law enactment, could occur as early as next 
week.  We will keep you advised as to when this occurs.  Again, 
congratulations to the team for a successful legislative effort against some 
stiff odds.
do we need bus cards
Enron Messaging Administration
10/12/2000 07:16 PM
Please be aware that the following internet domains for messaging will be 
decommissioned on 
OCTOBER 14, 2000 :
@ect.enron.com 
@ei.enron.com
@.co.uk
After OCTOBER 14, 2000,  All employees must now use their @ internet address.
Some employees are still receiving  Any employees who are aware of the following should contact the Resolution 
Center on ext. 31411 immediately :
Applications/processes using @ect.enron.com, @ei.enron.com or @.co.uk 
internet addresses
Distribution groups being addressed via the internet using @ect.enron.com, 
e.g. Enron.London.Developers@ect.enron.com
Please direct any questions to the Resolution Center at ext. 31411.
Thanks for your cooperation.
Enron Messaging Administration
"EEI Energy Delivery Group"  	10/12/2000 03:17 PM
EEI Presents 
RTO Summaries: The October Filings
Full summaries of the October RTO Filings, available in pdf format, no later 
than October 30, 2000. Order Today!
RTO Summaries: The October Filings
This timely, essential, cost-effective resource will include:
?  Introduction and Summary Matrix of Each RTO filing
?  Coverage for each RTO filing:
-  Each of the twelve characteristics and functions
-  What is proposed
-  How it comports with Order No. 2000
-  Additional Comments
?  Summary of individual company filings to join an RTO or alternative filing
?  Individual map of each RTO
Plan Ahead and Order EEI's RTO Summaries: The January Filings Now.
Buy both sets and save.
RTO Summaries: The October Filings 
Item # 13-00-14
List Price: $995.00 EEI Associate Members: $895.00
EEI Utility Members: $795.00
Government: $195.00
RTO Summaries: The January Filings 
Item # 13-00-05
List Price: $995.00 EEI Associate Members: $895.00
EEI Utility Members: $795.00
Government: $195.00
RTO Summaries: The October and January Filings 
Item # 13-00-06 List Price: $1895.00 EEI Associate Members: $1695.00
EEI Utility Members: $1495.00
Government: $295.00
Ordering information:
Call EEI at 1-800-EEI-5453 (U.S. & Canada) or 301-645-4222 (International) to 
place your order.  Once payment has been received, a pdf file will be 
e-mailed to you.
Product Questions:
Contact Jay Carriere at (202) 508-5525 or jcarriere@eei.org 
print
=09"IssueAlert"  =0910/12/2000 06:56 AM
=09=09=20
El Paso Global Networks plans to spend up to $2 billion in the next few=20
years on telecom acquisitions.  Find out more about SCIENTECH'S=20
Telecommunications=20
InfoGrid at:=20
=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D
SCIENTECH IssueAlert, October 12, 2000
Reliant Energy: Splitting Business in Two to Maximize Shareholder Value
By: Will McNamara, Director, Electric Industry Analysis
=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D
Reliant Energy announced the top-level executives for the two companies=20
that will emerge from its planned separation into two stand-alone, publicly=20
separated companies. Steve Letbetter will serve as chairman and CEO of=20
the unregulated company. David McClanahan has been named president and=20
CEO of the regulated company, which will be created at the time of the=20
business separation. In July, Reliant Energy announced plans to separate=20
into two publicly traded companies in order to separate its unregulated=20
businesses from its regulated businesses. Following regulatory approval,=20
the company plans an initial public offering (IPO) of approximately 20=20
percent of the common stock of its unregulated operations by early 2001.
ANALYSIS: In June 1999, Texas adopted legislation to allow retail competition=20
beginning on Jan. 1, 2002, for the majority of customers within the state.=20
Senate Bill 7 mandated that utilities in the state construct firewalls=20
between their operating companies. In other words, Texas utilities must=20
have separate companies=01*with separate financial records=01*for energy services,=20
distribution, generation, etc. In Texas, incumbent utilities must establish=20
affiliated retail units that will serve customers who do not switch, but=20
these units must be completely separate from the T&D operation of the=20
incumbent=20
utility. At first, Reliant Energy resisted this mandate and lobbied to=20
keep its operations under one company. Thus, it was somewhat of a surprise=20
when Reliant announced in July that not only would it be splitting into=20
two publicly traded companies, but also that it would be issuing an IPO=20
for the unregulated side of its operations. Currently, as one company with=20
both regulated and unregulated operations, Reliant (NYSE: REI) is trading=20
at about $45 13/16 (at market close on 10/11). Reliant has declined to=20
make any projections about pricing of the IPO of its unregulated businesses,=20
which it expects to issue in early 2001, until it submits an S1 filing=20
with the SEC later this year. Reliant expects the IPO to be followed by=20
a distribution to shareholders of the remaining stock of the unregulated=20
company (within 12 months of the IPO).
Reliant's motivations to divide itself into two companies are pretty=20
straightforward.=20
On one hand, the company is simply complying with the regulatory mandates=20
of Texas. Yet, more importantly, Reliant is turning the mandate into a=20
financial opportunity by establishing two public companies with dramatically=20
different risk / reward profiles. The unregulated side will include such=20
businesses as power generation, marketing and trading, telecom, and the=20
European operations. The regulated side will include the businesses related=20
to electricity and natural-gas distribution as well as the company's U.S.=20
interstate pipelines.
Reliant is a company that is seeking to maximize the opportunities that=20
deregulation is offering, both in the United States and internationally.=20
As an international energy delivery and energy services company, Reliant=20
makes about $15 billion in annual revenue and has assets totaling $30=20
billion.=20
The company's wholesale energy trading and marketing business is arguably=20
within the top five (definitely within the top 10) in the United States,=20
supported by its nearly 27,000 MW of power generation assets.=20
As the company continues to transform itself from a traditional utility=20
into an aggressive energy services company, it recognizes that its=20
traditional=20
investors have tended to be fairly risk averse, preferring to invest in=20
the regulated activities of a conservative utility company. As Reliant=20
attempts to penetrate new competitive markets, it intends to make itself=20
an appealing investment opportunity for investors who are more "growth=20
oriented and tolerant of risk," (as described by Letbetter). The most=20
practical=20
way to maximize shareholder interest and boost stock value is for Reliant=20
to bifurcate its operations, offering two options for capital investment.=20
It's a trend that is becoming more common in the energy industry, especially=20
with regard to high-risk ventures. For instance, Southern Company just=20
closed the IPO of its aggressive subsidiary Southern Energy (NYSE: SOE)=20
on Oct. 3. Southern Energy, a global energy company, has become one of=20
Southern Company's primary moneymakers (in the second-quarter alone, the=20
subsidiary reported $93 million in earnings). When the IPO of Southern=20
Energy closed, it brought total gross proceeds and a concurrent securities=20
of approximately $1.81 billion to its parent. Southern Energy's current=20
stock price is running at $29 1/8 (at market close on 10/11). The IPO price=20
of Southern Energy on 9/27 was $22. Another example is Northern States=20
Power (now part of Xcel Energy since it merged with New Century Energies),=20
which this June spun off a portion of its NRG Energy subsidiary, an=20
independent=20
power producer. (See IssueAlert from 10/2/00 for more information). In=20
addition, the trend is visible in other industries as well. AT&T recently=20
announced its plans to spin off its customer long-distance business to=20
shareholders.
However, even though the financial rewards of such an IPO are enticing,=20
there are possible downsides to such a move as well. Moody's raised serious=20
concerns about Reliant's announcement in particular. Specifically, Moody's=20
says that Reliant's regulated unit could be left with heavy debt loads=20
after the structural split, which would hurt its own quality and bond=20
ratings.=20
Moody's has put both Reliant Energy Inc. and at least two of its subsidiaries=20
on watch for possible downgrade from their Baa 1 status. Reliant remains=20
on watch for possible downgrade as of Oct. 11. Another risk is that as=20
more spin offs of non-generation units become commonplace, they may lose=20
their appeal on Wall Street. The average first-day gain for similar energy=20
IPOs was 43 percent in the third quarter, compared to 96.5 percent in the=20
first quarter, perhaps indicating that Wall Street is already becoming=20
less enamored with this strategy.
Yet, these risks aren't dissuading Reliant from moving forward with its=20
plan. As the company retains but moves beyond its traditional electricity=20
and natural-gas distribution businesses, Reliant's focus is to expand its=20
current business portfolio. By splitting its two operations in two, Reliant=20
can separate its vastly different regulated and unregulated cultures. The=20
companies require totally different management approaches, one based more=20
in regulatory relations and the other driven by entrepreneurial spirit.=20
The freedom Reliant gains from spinning off its operations into two separate=20
businesses=01*one high risk, one low risk=01*appears to make this a smart move,=20
at least for now.
=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D
Discover a world of utilities information in our new e-zine, SourceBook=20
Online.  Get a free SourceBook Weekly article at:
=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D
SCIENTECH is pleased to provide you with your free, daily IssueAlert. Let=20
us know if we can help you with in-depth analyses or any other SCIENTECH=20
information products including e-commerce and telecom in the electric utility=20
industry. If you would like to refer a colleague to receive our free, daily=20
IssueAlerts, please reply to this email and include their full name and=20
email address or register directly at:
Sincerely,
Will McNamara
Director, Electric Industry Analysis
wmcnamara@scientech.com
=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D
Feedback regarding SCIENTECH's IssueAlert should be sent to=20
wmcnamara@scientech.com
=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D
SCIENTECH's IssueAlerts are compiled based on independent analysis by=20
SCIENTECH=20
consultants.  The opinions expressed in SCIENTECH's IssueAlerts are not=20
intended to predict financial performance of companies discussed or to=20
be the basis for investment decisions of any kind.  SCIENTECH's sole purpose=20
in publishing its IssueAlerts is to offer an independent perspective=20
regarding=20
the key events occurring in the energy industry, based on its long-standing=20
reputation as an expert on energy and telecommunications issues.
If you do not wish to receive any further IssueAlerts from SCIENTECH, please=20
reply to this message and in the body of the email type "remove."
=09Enron Global Markets LLC - Office of the Chairman
=09Sent by: Enron Announcements
=0910/12/2000 11:36 AM
=09=09
We are pleased to announce the following organization changes within Enron=20
Global Markets (EGM).
Larry Lawyer will be joining EGM effective immediately to lead our new=20
finance activities.  In this role, he will work with all commodity products,=20
assets, and teams worldwide to lever our existing businesses with this new=20
focus.  Larry has worked as treasurer and was responsible for 3rd party=20
financing for EBS for the last year.  He has worked for Enron for 4 1/2 years=20
in various positions in the finance area.  He will be reporting to the Office=20
of the Chairman.
Eric Gonzales will be joining the LNG team and will co-head this effort with=20
Rick Bergsieker.  We believe there is significant opportunity in the=20
worldwide LNG markets, and Eric will direct all merchant activity and focus=20
on the Atlantic regions of the world.  He will also manage the LNG shipping=20
book.  Eric is located in the London office and also has responsibility for=20
leading the newly formed Pool Markets origination group reporting to Joe=20
Gold.   =20
Rick Bergsieker has relocated to Dubai, in the UAE.  He is responsible for=20
all Middle East activities and projects, managing the Puerto Rico assets and=20
will co-head the worldwide LNG efforts.  Rick has over 20 years of LNG=20
experience and together, he and Eric will form an outstanding leadership team=20
as we expand Enron=01,s LNG activities around the world.  They both will report=20
to the Office of the Chairman. =20
Jennifer Fraser will come over and develop our market fundamentals group for=20
all products in EGM, much like ENA natural gas and power fundamentals and=20
Intranet pages existing today.  Previously, Jennifer was working in the Mid=20
Market origination group.  Heather Purcell will be joining this group=20
developing the commercial interface for our Intranet page.  Heather was with=20
Azurix, where she worked on the platform interface for their eBusiness=20
initiatives.=20
Gary Hickerson will be chairing our Traders=01, Roundtable.  This new group will=20
be comprised of traders across Enron's wholesale trading and risk management=20
businesses.  This forum will give traders the opportunity to discuss topics=20
important to their individual markets, and to learn and explore other markets=20
in a macro sense.  Also, we will be forming a cross-commodity trading group. =20
Traders who have shown extremely strong and consistent profitability will=20
have the opportunity to join this group and to exploit cross-commodity=20
opportunities with a bias toward structural shifts in markets.  This group=20
will not be involved in customer activity and will execute through our=20
principal desks.   Gary will manage this new group, as well as continuing=20
with his current F/X, Rates, Equity, and Agriculture initiatives.=20
Please join us in congratulating everyone on their new positions. =20
Organization charts outlining the entire EGM organization are available upon=20
request from Cathy Phillips.
Jeff Dasovich
Sent by: Jeff Dasovich
10/02/2000 05:53 PM
Okay, so I didn't know what a "DRIP" is, but now that I do, I'm sending this 
to you.
Would you please forward a copy of you DRIP to 
?
Professor Kent Baker
The American University
Kogod School of Business
4400 Massachusetts Avenue, NW
Washington, DC 20016-8044
?
Thanks
This could become a very deep pit.  I don't want to distract you from the=20
primary mission, but there may be a solution which gets them what they need=20
and doesn't pull you away from the North American effort -- you could=20
"deputize" Jane Wilson to help out on this.  Jane, as usual, has embedded=20
herself deeply in the Enron India organization as VP of Gov't Affairs and can=20
be a sound source of information for you as well as an agent for you in=20
India.  Think about contacting her and getting her help.
Also, we have never explicitly talked about whether your focus is North=20
American or world wide.  My view is that it is worldwide, but that has to be=20
heavily modified by the fact that most Enron employees (current and probably=20
future) are here; while the US has many deficiencies in its education system,=20
graduate education here is the best in the world; and we need to show rapid=20
early success (and that's best accomplished by sticking close to home at=20
least initially).
=09Christie Patrick@ECT
=0910/16/2000 05:18 PM
=09=09=20
Mark, Steve,
I'd be happy to get us involved with this, but I'm not sure how we're=20
handling non-North American University affairs.
Please let me know and I'll follow up with Rajesh.
Thanks!
--Christie.
Mark -=20
We at Enron India are  working on a project to lay Fiber on the state=20
utility's Transmission & Distribution lines and provide bandwidth.  We are=20
talking to the Education Department of the Govt. of Maharashtra, to provide=20
connectivity to some 2000 colleges and universities in the state of=20
Maharashtra.   This is a big commercial opportunity for Enron.  Is there some=20
help that we can get from your resources in understanding University affairs.
Mark A Palmer, Vice President
Corporate Communications
Enron Public Affairs has launched a new initiative: ENRON UNIVERSITY=20
AFFAIRS.  The overall mission of Enron University Affairs is to broaden the=20
depth and scope of our relationships with targeted universities through=20
building Enron brand recognition on campuses, leveraging research exchanges=20
between Enron and the Academic community, and identifying commercial=20
opportunities for Enron.  This initiative should also further Enron=01,s efforts=20
to hire and retain the world=01,s most innovative employees.
Leading this initiative are Christie Patrick, Vice President, Mike Rosen,=20
Director and Cindy Derecskey, in conjunction with her position as Public=20
Affairs Coordinator will also work with the University Affairs team.
Please join me in congratulating Christie, Mike and Cindy on their new=20
responsibilities.
If you can cover it I would say yes.  It's a key race and we have been close 
to Ashcroft for years.  Let's make sure he knows we gave it.... we need to 
follow up with him.  Last time I talked to him he basically recited the 
utilities' position on electric restructuring.  Let's make it clear that we 
want to talk right after the election.
Joe Hillings
10/16/2000 04:41 PM
Joe Hillings
Enron
1775 Eye Street, NW
Suite 800
Washington, DC  20006
202-466-9145
202-828-3372 (fax)
email:  jhillin@
We have received a request from the Ashcroft Senate campaign for $10,000 in 
soft money. This is the race where Governor Carnahan is the challenger. Enron 
PAC has contributed $10,000 and Enron has also contributed $15,000 soft money 
in this campaign to Senator Ashcroft. Ken Lay has been personally interested 
in the Ashcroft campaign. Our polling information is that Ashcroft is 
currently leading 43 to 38 with an undecided of 19 percent. 
Do we want to make a further soft money contriubtion of $10,000?
Joe
How did this happen?
Ann M Schmidt
10/16/2000 04:24 PM
Enron Brazil To Invest $455 Million In Gas Distribution '01-'04
10/16/2000
Dow Jones International News
RIO DE JANEIRO -(Dow Jones)- Enron Corp. (ENE) said Monday it will invest 
$455 million in its gas distribution business in Brazil from 2001 to 2004. 
Robert Gross, vice president of Enron's Brazilian unit, also said the company 
plans to spend $970 million on thermoelectric projects, but he didn't specify 
any timetables for the projects.
Gross said Enron will spend $142 million on gas distribution projects next 
year in Brazil. 
Currently, Brazil's energy regulator Aneel is in the process of licensing 
companies to build and operate a total of 44 new thermoelectric plants. 
U.S.-based Enron primarily operates in Brazil as a gas and energy 
distributor. 
-By Adriana Brasileiro, Dow Jones Newswires; 5521-580-9394; 
adriana.brasileiro@dowjones.com
Karen Denne
10/16/2000 02:22 PM
fyi, the attached release which mentions PGE as one of six utilities forming 
an independent transmission company is scheduled to be released today.
As Kregg mentioned on the communication conf call today, here's the final
draft of the release on the Independent Transmission Company that will go out
this hour. It will not have a company letterhead.
,
- Mark
Cynthia Sandherr
10/16/2000 12:48 PM
Joe and Tom:  Either Bill Ford is a major Democrat or this signals a major 
shift which serves as a strong indicator that Congress will face new 
pressures next Congress to address Global Warming.  This is truly a 
remarkable speech.
FORD PREDICTS END OF CAR POLLUTION
The Independent (UK)
6 October 2000
Internet:
The 100-year reign of the polluting internal combustion engine is coming to
an end, Bill Ford, chairman of the Ford Motor Company, said yesterday. It
will soon be replaced in motor vehicles by the hydrogen fuel cell, which
emits no pollution whatsoever and so can reduce the build-up of greenhouse
gases causing climate change, Mr. Ford, great-grandson of the company's
founder, Henry Ford, told the Greenpeace Business Conference in London.
In a remarkable speech from a motor manufacturer, in which he proclaimed his
own environmental credentials, Mr. Ford, 43, accepted that the automobile had
had a serious negative impact on the environment, and that his industry had
wrongly played down the threat from global warming.  And the head of the
world's second biggest car company raised eyebrows even further when he said
that he could foresee the day when people would not want to own cars, but
merely have access to mobility.
Detroit-born Mr. Ford, who has been chairman since the start of last year,
proclaimed that climate change was the most challenging issue facing the
world and that anyone who disagreed was "in denial". Ford itself had moved on
from that position, he said. But he felt the Kyoto protocol, the 1997 pact in
which the industrialised nations agreed to try to limit their emission of
greenhouse gases, would not provide deep enough cuts to halt global warming.
Only the marketplace, making new technology widely available, could tackle
the problem.
A fuel cell creates energy by an electrochemical process similar to that in a
battery: it lets hydrogen and oxygen react together to produce electricity
and water vapour. It does not run down or need recharging, working as long as
the hydrogen fuel is available, but most importantly, it does not produce any
CO2, the basic by-product of any carbon-based fuel such as oil, gas or coal.
Every major car company in the world is throwing huge sums into developing
the technology: Ford is spending $1bn (?690m) between now and 2004, while
Daimler-Chrysler, regarded as the leader in the field, has spent $700m. All
the main manufacturers have prototype fuel-cell cars running and there is a
race to bring them to market. Honda and Toyota expect to do so in 2003, while
Ford and Daimler-Chrysler are aiming at 2004.
"I believe fuel cells will finally end the 100-year reign of the internal
combustion engine," Mr. Ford said, adding that the technology was "the holy
grail" of the motor industry. Prophesying the demise of car ownership, he
said:  "The day will come when the whole notion of car ownership is
antiquated," he said. Mr. Ford was reflecting advanced motor industry
thinking, which suggests many people might not want to pay for a car of their
own if they could be guaranteed mobility on demand from a local hire network.
Hiroko Ono
10/16/2000 05:18 AM
Thank you for indicating your intention to attend the office opening 
Attached please find guest information checklist.
It would be grateful if you could arrange to complete and return the 
checklist by e-mail at your earliest convenience.
,
Hiroko Ono
Assistant to Joe Hirl
One of the things you should include in your report to Koenig and Frevert is 
our preliminary views on the RTO filings.  Perhaps it's simply that we are 
not going to be satisfied until FERC forces nondiscriminatory access and we 
will object to every filing and fight every shortcoming.
Donna Fulton
10/12/2000 03:27 PM
I have now sent out the PJM filing to some of you.  If anyone else wants it, 
let me know.
SPP is supposed to file tomorrow.  The same law firm is representing them so 
I should be able to get a copy.  It may also be on their website tomorrow.
calendar and meeting file
Cynthia Barrow
10/09/2000 09:50 AM
Thank you for agreeing to serve on the WorkLife Executive Council.  Please 
join Cindy Olson and myself for our first meeting, which is scheduled on 
Monday, October 30, from 2:00-3:30 p.m. in Conference Room EB-42c1.  The 
purpose of the meeting is to review and approve the WorkLife Executive 
Council Charter and general operations for the Council.  In addition, a 
presentation on Telecommuting and Sabbaticals will be provided for the 
Council's first consideration An agenda and attachments will be forwarded to each of you for your review 
prior to the meeting on the 30th 
Please RSVP your attendance to my assistant, SheriJordan, via email at 
sheri.jordan@ or by telephone to ext. 3-7812 
Thank you 
please check schedule and get back to Irwin's office.
Stelzer@aol.com
10/06/2000 10:33 AM
I believe that you agreed at our last meeting that it might be well for you 
and me -- and Ken if available -- to discuss plans for this group in 2001. My 
feeling is that we should review its composition after the election -- we may 
lose Larry or want to add a Democrat (Laura Tyson?); we can take a hard look 
at who is contributing and who isn't etc.
My agenda would be:
1. What can be done to increase the value to Enron? As I see it we have two 
purposes: to create fans of and spokepersons for the company in important 
fora, and to enrich management's understanding of the outside world (what it 
is like, and how it views some of the problems that Enron faces).
2. What are the likely topics that it would be valuable for Enron to discuss 
in 2001, as best we can judge things at this early point in time? 
3. What should the composition of the group consist of in 2001, given 
whatever we decide in #1 and #2 above.
4. How can we maximize the chance of achieving Ken's objective of attracting 
outside guest speakers? Advance scheduling? Fees? And what sorts would we 
like to attract?
I am sure there are many other items; these are designed merely to start you 
thinking.
Let me start the bidding by suggesting November 29 or December 4, inn 
Washington if you happen to be in town, in Houston if that is more convenient.
Washington would be fine .... there's always plenty to do there.  I got a 
note from Ken asking that you and I have the first meeting and come back to 
him withrecommendations.  I agree with the agenda you have set out It may also be worth discussing how we can use the individual  members of 
this group outside of the meetings with the  Enron Exec Committee: there may 
be efforts elsewhere in the company which would benefit from the advice and 
input of members of the group.
Stelzer@aol.com
10/06/2000 10:33 AM
I believe that you agreed at our last meeting that it might be well for you 
and me -- and Ken if available -- to discuss plans for this group in 2001. My 
feeling is that we should review its composition after the election -- we may 
lose Larry or want to add a Democrat (Laura Tyson?); we can take a hard look 
at who is contributing and who isn't etc.
My agenda would be:
1. What can be done to increase the value to Enron? As I see it we have two 
purposes: to create fans of and spokepersons for the company in important 
fora, and to enrich management's understanding of the outside world (what it 
is like, and how it views some of the problems that Enron faces).
2. What are the likely topics that it would be valuable for Enron to discuss 
in 2001, as best we can judge things at this early point in time? 
3. What should the composition of the group consist of in 2001, given 
whatever we decide in #1 and #2 above.
4. How can we maximize the chance of achieving Ken's objective of attracting 
outside guest speakers? Advance scheduling? Fees? And what sorts would we 
like to attract?
I am sure there are many other items; these are designed merely to start you 
thinking.
Let me start the bidding by suggesting November 29 or December 4, inn 
Washington if you happen to be in town, in Houston if that is more convenient.
FYI
Kelly Kimberly@_DEVELOPMENT
02/20/2000 07:55 PM
Interesting timing for your question.  My take, after discussions with Terry, 
was that she was brought on to handle the environmental side of sustainable 
development, but that Palmisano was utilizing her for greenhouse gas related 
issues since not much had occurred on the other front yet.  Burt Mike and I 
learned last week that she actually reports to Palmisano--he is the one who 
took her from consultant to employee status.  I spoke with John on Friday and 
told him that I wasn't going to poach her now that I knew where she fit in 
the scheme of things 
This actually solves a dilemma for me anyway.  As you know, I need a more 
senior environmental person with good high level relationships with NGOs and 
I didn't want her to feel slighted when I found someone.  Moreover, she has 
just advised us that she and her husband are moving to San Francisco and 
wants to telecommute.  This should work fine for John but I feel it is 
important for my person to be in DC or NY.
Steven J Kean@EES
02/20/2000 05:25 PM
Is Catherine working on environmental policy related to sustainability or is 
she working on greenhouse gas transactions . . . or both?
Mark Schroeder@ECT
02/20/2000 06:51 AM
You do not need to real Catherine McKalip-Thompson's full trip report from 
her European venture, but you did express some surprise that on her trip to 
Europe she went beyond policy and discussed "busienss" or commercial 
activities, as I recall our conversation.  her note below makes clear, to me, 
that partnerships and investments were discussed with, inter alia, a Dutch 
distribution company, Credit Lyonnais, and CGU (an insurer).  Just FYI.   mcs
Catherine McKalip-Thompson@_DEVELOPMENT
31/01/2000 18:36
John,
Attached is my trip report for Amsterdam, Paris and London - I've given the 
contact information for everyone to Kathy to be entered in the database and 
thank you notes are going out today 
The company meetings did not go quite as well as I might have hoped (Edon was 
not so interested), but we need to discuss further the potential relationship 
with Credit Lyonnais' effort to develop the "gap financing" fund.UNEP 
conference not as billed but some contacts there such as Credit Suisse First 
Boston and Gerling's Sustainable Development Company were useful as both are 
quite interested in climate change business opportunities.  Also it provided 
a chance to gather interesting updated info on current financial-sustainable 
development metrics, links, funds, firms, etc.  Discussions with participants 
in the UK Emissions Trading group were interesting and I now have several 
working papers on this effort which I can distribute to anyone who is 
interested (though Mark's group probably has them already but I'll check with 
them directly on that). I did not get the chance to meet up with Nicola Steen.
Catherine
Thanks for the resume.  I don't see a fit in government affairs, but I am 
forwarding to community relations to see if there is any interest there.
Mark Courtney@ECT
10/12/2000 10:29 AM
Steve 
Ned Higgins fowarded this to me.  Evidently Kara's fiance is former ECT and 
has just moved to KMI.  She has responded to the TW job posting, but she 
might be a better fit somewhere else.  Thought you might want to look over 
the resume.
Mark
Ned Higgins
10/10/2000 02:33 PM
Per our conversation.
Kara Babers - Victory 2000 Ned 
I so appreciate your taking the time to talk to me today.  Attached is my
resume and cover letter regarding the job posting we discussed.  I look
forward to hearing from you and talking to anyone you know in this group.
All the best,
Kara Babers
- Enron jobfinder -- job 0000104202 details.htm
- Cover letter to Enron.doc
- RESUME.DOC
Steve is out of the country this week - but I checked his schedule and it 
looks like Nov. 29 in DC would work best. 
I will go ahead and pencil that in on Steve's schedule.
Maureen McVicker
Steve's Assistant
Stelzer@aol.com
10/18/2000 09:23 AM
Do you prefer Nov. 29 or Dec. 4 in DC?
fyi
=09"IssueAlert"  =0910/18/2000 05:56 AM
=09=09=20
A new SCIENTECH PowerHitter interview with E. Linn Draper, Chairman,=20
President,=20
and CEO of American Electric Power, is now available.  Find out more at:
=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D
SCIENTECH IssueAlert, October 18, 2000
Fuel Cells Get Financial Boost from U.S. Government
By: Will McNamara, Director, Electric Industry Analysis
=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D
The Department of Energy will have more than $100 million for fuel cell=20
related programs in the new fiscal year, $10 million above the president's=20
request. The money is contained in the Interior Appropriation bill that=20
President Clinton signed last week. The House and Senate jointly agreed=20
upon $52.7 million for stationary fuel cells, $10 million more than=20
requested,=20
and approved the full request of $41.5 million for transportation fuel=20
cell research and $5.5 million for buildings.
ANALYSIS: This government funding, which is surprisingly higher than=20
expected,=20
should give a much-needed boost to the slow-moving development of fuel=20
cells. Although generally considered the favorite of low / zero emission=20
energy solutions, fuel cells are still about two to three years away from=20
being commercially viable in retail markets. (Phosphoric acid fuel cells,=20
developed by ONSI, a division of United Technologies, are presently available=20
in a limited capacity). The technology has been in existence ever since=20
batteries were discovered 160 years ago, but the high cost of producing=20
them has precluded suppliers from making fuel cells readily available to=20
the general public. Automotive giants like DaimlerChrysler and Ford Motor=20
Co. have continued to explore the use of fuel cells in automobiles, and=20
Texaco, Inc. agreed in May to invest $67.2 million in Energy Conversion=20
Devices, a 40-year-old fuel cell and alternative energy development firm.=20
Yet, this financial support for the DOE's exploration of fuel cells signals=20
significant support from the federal government. In addition, warnings=20
about the high cost of oil and natural gas, and the reports of low supplies=20
of energy in states across the country, continue to scare energy end-users=20
and may be spurring a renewed interest in distributed generation options.
Here's how fuel cells work. They use an electrochemical reaction, as opposed=20
to traditional combustion, to generate electricity. In other words, fuel=20
cells allow hydrogen-rich fuels to react chemically with air, without=20
burning,=20
producing as a byproduct DC electricity, water and heat. In addition, fuel=20
cells dramatically lower the level of pollutants that are emitted into=20
the environment. Test models of fuel cells presently convert methanol,=20
gasoline and natural gas to produce hydrogen fuel. It's easiest to think=20
of a fuel cell as a battery, but one that does not run down or need=20
recharging=20
(although it will need replacing about every five years). A fuel cell will=20
produce energy in the form of DC electricity and heat as long as fuel is=20
supplied. As an added advantage, fuel cells can be controlled remotely=20
by computer and run rather quietly. This is perhaps the primary incentive=20
for end-users that would be interested in fuel cell technology. Especially=20
for facilities like hospitals, the attributes of low noise and near-zero=20
pollution are very appealing.
Currently, fuel cells are being tested and developed by laboratories and=20
think tanks around the world, hoping to make this low-polluting form of=20
generation available for widespread use by 2002 or 2003. Under the DOE=20
grant, money provided for stationary fuel cells will fund research and=20
development to reduce costs and improve performance. It is hoped that this=20
will lead to market-ready fuel cell power systems within three years. In=20
addition, the funding allocates $41.5 million to transportation fuel cell=20
research such as integrating fuel cell stacks with fuel processors and=20
balance-of-plant technologies for testing. This program also will examine=20
the technology barriers to fuel-flexible systems for automobile applications.=20
The $5.5 million reserved for buildings will go toward developing a prototype=20
fuel processor, completing the design competition for a 50kW co-generator=20
for buildings, and other research and development.
Deregulation has cast light on alternative forms of power supply. As=20
customers=20
possibly decide to use on-site generation as opposed to power delivered=20
across a transmission grid, this dramatically alters the traditional business=20
of most energy companies. Large commercial and industrial customers that=20
suddenly opt for fuel cell solutions to their energy needs would have=20
dramatic=20
financial impact on their incumbent energy provider. As a result, many=20
electric utilities and energy providers are investing in fuel cells as=20
a hedge against a possible shrinkage within their own supply businesses.=20
Southern Company is a good example. Just this month, Southern joined Alabama=20
Municipal Electric Authority, Mercedes-Benz U.S. International, Inc., and=20
FuelCell Energy in a partnership to "drive a growing interest in fuel cell=20
technology." Specifically, Southern is providing funding for a fuel cell=20
plant to be located in the service territory of Alabama Power, a Southern=20
subsidiary. The plant will convert pipeline natural gas into electricity=20
at a reported efficiency of about 50 percent, compared with 33 percent=20
for conventional generation, which will feed the power distribution system=20
of Mercedes-Benz.
Another example is Enron, which just two weeks ago entered into an alliance=20
with FuelCell Energy, Inc., to develop and market FuelCell Energy's Direct=20
FuelCell products, focusing on state renewable and energy conservation=20
programs. As part of the partnership, Enron is investing about $5 million=20
in the common stock of FuelCell Energy. In its announcement of the=20
partnership,=20
Enron stated that "the transaction enables us to reach the developing markets=20
for clean energy and renewable energy, which may be served through=20
distributed=20
generation products, such as fuel cells."
These are just two examples of many energy companies that are devoting=20
money to fuel cells and other forms of distributed generation. Some state=20
regulatory commissions have debated whether or not to allow utilities to=20
own their own distributed generation equipment technologies. As a result,=20
we are seeing a trend of utilities investing in companies that are already=20
developing distributed generation solutions, instead of doing it themselves.
The investment appears to be a smart one. According to Stephens, Inc.,=20
an investment banking firm, common industry projections put the potential=20
for the automotive fuel cell market at $50 billion annually by 2020 and=20
as high as $100 billion (cumulative) for the stationary power markets within=20
10 years. The increase is due in large part to the growth of Internet-based=20
industry and the need for mission-critical systems at dot-com operations.=20
Microturbines=01*small generators that can produce enough power for a small=20
business=01*have beaten fuel cells to market and are currently manufactured=20
by the likes of Capstone, Caterpillar and Solar Turbines. Microturbines=20
reportedly could be potentially superior to fuel cells with regard to low=20
emissions. Many energy companies and power marketers such as Williams,=20
Alliant Energy and American Energy Savings have made announcements just=20
within the last month that they will market microturbines to customers.=20
Yet, the distributed generation market should become much tighter once=20
fuel cells become commercially available, something that this hefty new=20
grant from the U.S. government should push forward.=20
=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D
El Paso Global Networks plans to spend up to $2 billion in the next few=20
years on telecom acquisitions. Find out more about SCIENTECH'S=20
Telecommunications=20
InfoGrid at:=20
=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D
SCIENTECH is pleased to provide you with your free, daily IssueAlert. Let=20
us know if we can help you with in-depth analyses or any other SCIENTECH=20
information products. If you would like to refer a colleague to receive=20
our free, daily IssueAlerts, please reply to this email and include their=20
full name and email address or register directly at:
Sincerely,
Will McNamara
Director, Electric Industry Analysis
wmcnamara@scientech.com
=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D
Feedback regarding SCIENTECH's IssueAlert should be sent to=20
wmcnamara@scientech.com
=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D
SCIENTECH's IssueAlerts are compiled based on independent analysis by=20
SCIENTECH=20
consultants.  The opinions expressed in SCIENTECH's IssueAlerts are not=20
intended to predict financial performance of companies discussed or to=20
be the basis for investment decisions of any kind.  SCIENTECH's sole purpose=20
in publishing its IssueAlerts is to offer an independent perspective=20
regarding=20
the key events occurring in the energy industry, based on its long-standing=20
reputation as an expert on energy and telecommunications issues.
If you do not wish to receive any further IssueAlerts from SCIENTECH, please=20
reply to this message and in the body of the email type "remove."
Thanks for the update.  I want to make sure we present the numbers in a more=20
coherent fashion than just laying out the individual RCs.  You and I have=20
discussed this before; my recollection is that we were going to break out as=20
follows:
Administrative services
Aviation
building services
new building
ongoing
government affairs
Americas
Europe-Asia
Other budgets retained at business unit level
(explanation of shift in expenses from advocacy to transaction support/risk=20
management
PR/Communications
Brand advertising
internal comm
other PR
I may be forgetting some of the subgroups we talked about, but this is the=20
general idea.
=09Elizabeth Linnell
=09Sent by: Elizabeth Linnell
=0910/18/2000 11:00 AM
=09=09=20
I wanted to update you on my conversation this morning with Mark Lindsay=20
regarding next week=01,s budget meeting.
The format will be similar to last year=01,s.  We=01,ll be receiving from Mark=01,s=20
group a consolidated spreadsheet of all of our budgets, grouping them by=20
functionality and illustrating 2000 plan, 2000 estimate, and 2001 plan, and=20
the variances between.  We will be covering the EPSC and Aviation budgets=20
during the same meeting.  Billie and I will get together on Friday to compare=20
what the two of us have so far, and then we have a meeting set up for Monday=20
morning with you, Bill, Billie and me to go over everything in advance of=20
Tuesday=01,s meeting.
Points that Mark made (no surprises here):
-  Jeff has mentioned that he wants to see reductions in all corporate cost=20
centers since our international activities look like they=01,re going away.  (We=20
have made significant reductions year to year on our international gov=01,t=20
affairs and PR budgets, and I think we can justify that the other cost=20
centers are primarily focused on domestic activities while the individual=20
business units budget much of those activities themselves.)
-  Even though we=01,re allocating more overall to the business units this year,=20
Jeff will be interested in the gross budget numbers, before any allocations.
-  We need to be able to explain any significant budget changes year to year
-  Mark particularly emphasized the increase in the PR budget, most of which=20
is retained at Corp anyway
-  We need to be able to explain anything that we=01,ve inherited from the=20
business units that is now staying at Corp.  This  applies to the headcount=20
that we=01,ve picked up from ENA and from Int=01,l (Dennis=01, group). =20
Lindsay mentioned that there=01,s a possibility that Causey may, in advance of=20
our Tuesday meeting, meet by himself with Skilling to get a general idea of=20
where Jeff stands on the corporate budgets as they=01,ve been submitted so far,=20
and then come back to us with instructions on any changes that need to be=20
made.  If this is the case, we may have to make cuts before we get to present=20
our case.
I'm working on our presentation based on that conversation and will forward=20
it to you as it progresses.
Stelzer@aol.com
10/18/2000 09:23 AM
Do you prefer Nov. 29 or Dec. 4 in DC?
Ann M Schmidt
10/19/2000 07:55 AM
Oct. 18, 2000, 9:11PM
Briefs: City and state 
Enron strategy officer named vice chairman
Enron Corp. said Wednesday that J. Clifford Baxter, its chief strategy 
officer since June, has been promoted to vice chairman. 
Baxter is a key member of the team that built Enron's successful wholesale 
energy business, said Chairman and CEO Kenneth Lay. The promotion will help 
enhance that business. 
Baxter joined Enron in 1991. He was chairman and chief executive officer of 
Oct. 18, 2000, 11:25PM
Houston Chronicle
Businesses feel strains of political 'shakedown' 
By KAREN MASTERSON 
WASHINGTON -- Business executives are being tapped for record amounts of 
money to support political campaigns and are tired of what one calls the 
"shakedown" by candidates and their parties, according to two studies 
released Wednesday. 
Nearly $256 million has been raised in so-called soft money -- unlimited 
contributions from corporations, unions and wealthy individuals to political 
action committees. 
That figure is five times the amount of soft money raised in the presidential 
election year of 1992, according to the Federal Election Commission. 
A poll of businesses released Wednesday shows that the pressure put on 
corporate executives to make large contributions is creating a backlash that 
could lead to reform next year in Congress. 
The study reveals that 75 percent of corporate heads feel pressure to give; 
half said they fear repercussions if they turn down requests for money; and, 
consequently, 60 percent support a ban on soft money. 
Overall contributions -- for spending on both campaigns and issue ads -- have 
surpassed those made during the 1996 campaigns for president, the House and 
the Senate by $430 million. This election cycle's total, now at $1.6 billion, 
reflects contributions made in the 18 months leading up to June 30. 
Those against the influence of money on politics worry most that much more is 
to come. Their estimates put total campaign contributions up to $3 billion more than the total budget of many small countries -- once the remaining 
months of this year are accounted for. 
"Even before this election season began, we knew that the 2000 election was 
going to be one for the record books," said Larry Makinson, executive 
director of Center for Responsive Politics, a nonprofit group that watches 
campaign contributions and their influence on policy. 
A lot is at stake this year, including the White House and control of the 
House, where Republicans hold a narrow majority. Democrats also hope to 
recover at least a few seats in the Senate. 
The center's analysis of FEC records shows that the computer industry leaped 
from a rank of 55 in campaign giving in 1990 to eighth place this year, 
providing $25 million in nearly equal amounts to Democrats and Republicans. 
"By splitting their money, the industry has gotten just about everything it's 
asked for from Congress," Makinson said. Among those requests are a 
moratorium on an Internet sales tax and an increase in immigration visas for 
high-tech job applicants. 
Efforts to ban soft money have been made on Capitol Hill, but have gone 
nowhere. And the two presidential candidates who made a soft-money ban 
central to their campaigns -- Sen. John McCain, R-Ariz., and former Sen. Bill 
Bradley, D-N.J. -- lost their primary election bids. 
Advocates of a total ban hope the business survey means executives are ready 
to act against the status quo. 
"I remember $5,000 and $10,000 contributions in soft money," said Harry 
Freeman, a former executive vice president of American Express Co., a 
position he held until 1990. Now he said executives are asked for $100,000 
and $200,000. 
And some executives see the practice as anti-competitive, Freeman said, 
because significant resources are going into political campaigns instead of 
being reinvested in a company's ability to compete in the marketplace. 
"Some are fascinated by politicians and think it's a big ideological thing to 
contribute. But the poll shows most people see it as a shakedown," said 
Freeman, who is currently a trustee of the Committee for Economic 
Development, a pro-business public policy institute that favors campaign 
finance overhaul and is supported by officials at Hasbro, Genesco, PP&L Inc. 
and other companies. 
The center commissioned the business survey, which included a random sample 
of 300 corporate executives. 
Soft money allows politicians and political committees to ask for huge sums 
of money, way beyond the limits placed on so-called hard money, which is 
capped and controlled by the Federal Election Commission. 
Because of soft money, "the message to donors is forget the limits," Makinson 
said Wednesday at a Center for Responsive Politics news conference. 
He said the ballooning of campaign contributions is backed by a recent 
federal court order that found the FEC limits on issue-ad spending were 
applicable if the advertisement blatantly promoted one candidate and included 
the term "vote for But Makinson said only 3 percent of television ads fall into that narrowly 
defined category. This is a "messy area" that Congress sooner or later will 
have to deal with, he said. 
Both hard and soft money raised for the presidential campaign, including 
individual and party contributions, is up 45 percent, from $230.9 million in 
1996 to $335.1 million in 2000. Congressional campaign contributions have 
increased 45 percent in the same time period, from $271.8 million to $393 
million. And Senate campaigns have gone up 64 percent, from $158 million to 
$259.7 million, mainly because of hugely expensive races in New York and New 
Jersey. 
Texans alone gave more than $71 million in campaign contributions, with 73 
percent going to Republicans. Texas ranks fourth in campaign contributions, 
behind California, New York and the District of Columbia, according to the 
center's analysis. 
Among those to make the center's list of top 50 individual donors is 
Houstonian Kenneth Lay, who runs Enron and is a longtime supporter and family 
friend of former President George Bush. He gave more than $361,000, almost 
exclusively to Republicans. 
Sam Wyly, another Texan, gave Republicans more than $327,000. He is an 
investor who ran a special interest group that criticized McCain during the 
primaries. 
Two Texas congressmen raised among the largest pools of money for use in 
boosting other candidates' campaigns. House Majority Whip Tom DeLay, R-Sugar 
Land, distributed $640,462. House Majority Leader Dick Armey,R-Irving, gave 
away $521,099, according to the Center for Responsive Politics. 
Oct. 18, 2000, 11:28PM
Renaming the Dome? Rely on it 
By ERIC BERGER 
Reliant Energy is expected to pay about $300 million to splash its name 
across the new football stadium and Astrodome complex, by far the most ever 
for a sports facility's name. 
Although negotiators said Wednesday that the naming rights agreement was not 
yet signed, they said talks were "feverish" and that a formal announcement is 
likely next week. 
Under the proposed agreement, outlined by sources close to the talks, Reliant 
would pay about $9 million a year to name the $367 million football stadium 
being built for the Houston Texans. The energy company would pay an 
additional $750,000 to secure naming rights for the entire Astrodome complex, 
including the Dome, the AstroArena and a new exposition center. 
The deal, expected to include a stadium suite for Reliant, extensive 
advertising throughout the facility and rides on the team plane for company 
executives, would run for 30 years. 
Reliant's bid comes the same year that Enron Field opened in downtown Houston 
bearing the name of a chief local competitor, Enron Corp. 
Both energy utilities have eyed naming rights as valuable promotional tools 
to boost their profiles as electricity deregulation looms in Texas and around 
the country. 
The Reliant deal also comes on the heels of an 11 percent rate increase by 
the company's HL&P unit in August and a proposed 11 percent increase by 
December to offset rising fuel costs. 
If signed, the agreement would be the most lucrative naming rights deal ever, 
both in total dollars and number of years. 
About a year ago, FedEx agreed to pay $205 million over 27 years to name the 
Washington Redskins' football stadium, the largest deal to date in total 
dollars. And in February 1999, Royal Philips Electronics agreed to pay about 
$9 million a year for 20 years to name the home of the Atlanta Hawks 
basketball team and Thrashers hockey team -- the largest annual sum to date. 
Officials with the Houston Texans, owned by Bob McNair, steadfastly denied a 
deal had been signed. 
"A deal is not in place. We continue to have discussions," said Jamey Rootes, 
senior vice president of marketing for the Texans. 
However, another team source -- speaking on condition of anonymity confirmed that the $10 million annual figure was accurate and that Reliant 
had beat out Dynegy, whose chairman, Chuck Watson, owns a minority share of 
the football team. 
The Houston stadium is particularly valuable because of its rodeo ties and 
the likelihood it will host multiple Super Bowls, said Jeff Knapple, 
president and chief executive officer of Envision, a Los Angeles-based 
consulting company. Houston is all but guaranteed to host the 2004 Super 
Bowl. 
The Houston Livestock Show and Rodeo draws 2 million visitors a year, and the 
name of a stadium hosting a Super Bowl is heard by an estimated 1 billion 
people around the world on Super Bowl Sunday. 
As part of the stadium financing deal, the Texans will receive 83 percent of 
the money paid for the stadium's naming rights, with the facility's other 
main tenant, the rodeo, receiving 12 percent. 
Harris County, which owns the Astrodome complex, will receive the remaining 5 
percent of the stadium naming rights fee, and all of the $750,000 yearly 
payment for the rights to the rest of the complex. If Reliant is chosen, the 
county also would receive $400,000 a year for giving the energy company the 
exclusive right to provide power. 
The football stadium is scheduled to open in August 2002, at which time the 
Astrodome would have no tenants. Although Harris County Judge Robert Eckels 
has ruled out tearing down the Dome, the county has not decided what to do 
with the building. 
Although the naming rights deal encompasses the Astrodome and AstroArena, the 
rights to those buildings could be resold if they are refurbished for 
different purposes, two county sources said. 
If the county were to build a new arena at the complex, Reliant would be 
given the first option to bid on the name. 
It was only three years ago that Compaq Computer Corp. scored what now 
appears a bargain, spending $5.4 million to rename The Summit for eight 
years. 
Since then the value of naming rights has skyrocketed as dotcoms, technology 
companies, insurance vendors and utilities have scrambled to achieve name 
recognition in an increasingly cluttered media world. 
Only a couple of years after Compaq's deal, Enron paid $100 million over 30 
years to name the downtown ballpark. 
During negotiations with the Houston Rockets to build a downtown arena 
earlier this year, the city also sought to cash in on the escalating value of 
naming rights. If voters approved the agreement Nov. 7, the city would 
receive 5 percent of the arena's naming rights, to be capped at $200,000 a 
year. 
Enron Considering India Oil, Gas Assets Sale
10/19/2000
Dow Jones Energy Service
SINGAPORE -(Dow Jones)- Enron India, a unit of U.S.-based Enron Corp. (ENE is considering selling its oil and gas assets in the country, a spokesman for 
the company said Thursday. 
Enron India operates three offshore oil and gas fields in a joint venture 
with Oil & Natural Gas Co. (P.ONG) and Reliance Petroleum Ltd. (R.RPT). The 
Tapti, Panna and Mukta fields are located off the coast of Gujerat and 
Maharastra.
It holds a 30% stake in each field, while ONGC and Reliance hold 40% and 30% 
stakes respectively. 
"Enron India is considering the sale of these oil and gas fields," said the 
spokesman. He declined to say how soon the company would arrive at a 
decision. 
He stressed that there would be no disruptions in the operations while the 
company was mulling the sale. 
He added that there would also be no disruptions in the runup to any 
withdrawal should the company opt to sell their stakes in the fields. 
A spokesman for JV partner ONGC said the company would be keen to buy Enron's 
stake if it went up for sale. "Our company will take a look at it. There's no 
reason why ONGC shouldn't be keen," he said. 
Analysts said Enron may be seeking to divest its oil and gas assets to focus 
instead on "new economy" sectors such as telecommunications. "This could be a 
reshuffle as to where they focus their exposure. There's a big push in the 
telecom space," said a Hong Kong-based oil and gas analyst with an 
international merchant bank. 
The analyst said Enron's possible divestment of its oil and gas assets wasn't 
overly negative for India's foreign investment program. 
"Oil companies are always pruning and tweaking their portfolios even in core 
areas. This isn't the beginning of the end of Enron's participation in 
India," he said. 
Sanjeev Prasad, an oil and gas research analyst, with Bombay-based Kotak 
Securities, said Enron India's proposal to shed its oil and gas operation was 
indicative of a broader plan by parent company, Enron Corp., to slim down its 
global operations. 
"Globally, they have been doing it (divesting itself of global assets), and I 
am not too surprised they have done it here," Prasad said. 
If Enron India did proceed with its oil and gas sale, Prasad didn't expect it 
to have any major repercussions in the energy sector as a whole. "It (Enron) 
doesn't have much exposure in oil and gas in India," he said. 
He added that Reliance Petroleum could emerge as a likely buyer of Enron's 
stake. "They're very likely candidates," he said. The Hong Kong-based analyst 
also said Reliance Petroleum could emerge as a prospective buyer if Enron 
sold its oil and gas stake. 
Reliance Petroleum officials were unavailable for comment when contacted by 
Dow Jones Newswires. 
Current production in Enron India's three west coast offshore fields is 
approximately 290 million cubic feet a day of gas and 25,500 barrels a day of 
oil. 
Enron's oil, gas and power holdings in India are estimated to be worth around 
US$3 billion. 
The company's Dabhol power project, due to be completed in the fourth quarter 
of 2001, will generate 2,184 megawatts of power to become the world's largest 
independent natural gas-fired power plant. 
Enron closed the US$1.87 billion financing of the second phase of the Dabhol 
project in May 1999. The financing includes a liquefied natural gas terminal 
and regasification plant, allowing India to import natural gas for the first 
time. 
Enron contracts to purchase 2.1 million tons of LNG from Oman and Abu Dhabi 
to supply Dabhol when the second phase is completed end-2001. 
-By Sri Jegarajah, Dow Jones Newswires; 65-421-4831; 
sri.jegarajah@dowjones.com
Former Minn. Legislator Eyes Huge Wind Project In Plains
By Jon Kamp
Of DOW JONES NEWSWIRES
10/19/2000
Dow Jones Energy Service
CHICAGO -(Dow Jones)- Minnesota farmer Jim Nichols has a healthy soybean and 
corn crop this year. 
But it never hurts to have a little business on the side, or big ideas. So 
Nichols, a former Minnesota legislator, is trying to set up a 3,000-megawatt, 
$7 billion wind power project in South Dakota, Iowa and Minnesota.
"This is a giant step forward," Nichols said. "This one project more than 
doubles all the wind power in the country now Few U.S. companies truly sell wind power competitively. But with natural gas 
prices soaring and environmental laws becoming tougher, the renewable energy 
source is poised to become a real option for developers, Nichols said. You 
just have to build on the right scale. 
Nichols' project, expected to be completed in 2006, is truly enormous. It 
would require 2,000 wind turbines, priced at about $1 million each. The 
turbines would stretch for 500 miles across three states and generate close 
to half the power of the Grand Coulee Dam. 
Nichols is planning to develop the wind farms with Clipper LLC, a recently 
formed Santa Barbara, Calif.-based wind development firm. 
Nichols and Ken Hach, Clipper's new project developer and a former employee 
of Enron Corp.'s (ENE) wind development unit, hope to support the project by 
inking long-term power contracts with Midwestern utilities like Chicago's 
Commonwealth Edison Co. 
The wind project isn't Nichols' first foray into the wind business. In 1994, 
he helped broker a deal that requires Minneapolis-based Xcel Energy Inc. 
(XEL) to buy 425 megawatts of wind power by 2002 in exchange for permission 
to build new storage space for spent nuclear fuel. 
This new project, however, is considerably more complex and faces plenty of 
potential stumbling blocks. First is the massive price tag. 
"The problem with this concept is you're asking big bucks," said Linda Byus, 
a utilities analyst at Dresdner Kleinwort Bensen in Chicago. 
Land will have to be acquired to site the turbines. And new transmission 
lines will have to be strung, something few utilities have been able to 
accomplish on any scale in recent years. 
In addition - brace yourselves, environmentalists - the project isn't 
entirely green. 
Since wind turbines can only be expected to turn about a third of the time, 
Nichols and Hach will have to line up a backup source of power to ensure that 
the long-term supply contracts they sign with utilities don't go unfulfilled. 
Although the developers could look to existing plants in the region, the 
back-up they're eying is new coal. According to Nichols, some coal companies 
in Wyoming are ready and willing to build six 500-megawatt plants to support 
the wind power contracts. Northern Plains A Welcome Site 
On the plus side, natural gas prices have soared to record highs, and many 
companies are looking for ways to soften their dependence on the fuel and its 
volatile wholesale markets, said John Dunlop, regional manager for the 
American Wind Energy Association. 
"There's a huge load that people are salivating to satisfy," he said. 
The northern Plains - flat, sparsely populated and home to steady winds - is 
the place to build. The industry, said Bob Gates, senior vice president of 
Enron Wind, calls the region "the Saudi Arabia of wind South Dakota, at least, is actively soliciting developers of wind power. 
South Dakota Public Utilities Commission Chairman Jim Burg, who is hosting a 
meeting on the state's wind-power prospects Wednesday and Thursday, said many 
communities are vying for the chance to host wind-power projects. 
Fees provide some incentive - landowners may be offered 2% of the sale price 
of power generated on their land - as does the prospect of adding hundreds of 
new jobs. 
"I have a hard time not being a major proponent," Burg said. "We haven't had 
that kind of economic impact for a long time Florida's FPL Group, (FPL), the largest wind-power operator in the U.S., is 
already looking at acquiring land in South Dakota, Burg said. 
"We definitely see (South Dakota) as a place to be in the future," said FPL 
spokeswoman Cathy Scott. 
Enron is also interested in the northern Plains. 
"We've done some development work in the area," Gates said. "And we've been 
talking with Clipper and other developers on a variety of projects in the 
area Gates, citing confidentiality agreements, declined to comment on whether the 
company is directly involved in Nichols' projects. But he did say Enron has 
worked with Nichols before and has the capability to develop every aspect of 
a wind generating project. 
Hach, while acknowledging the difficulties of raising financing for wind 
projects, said funds could probably be found. 
"The level of interest on Wall Street is probably not as high as it should 
be," he said. But, "If the economics work, the financing will come." -By Jon 
Kamp, Dow Jones Newswires; 312-750-4129; jon.kamp@dowjones.com
10/18/2000
PR Newswire
ODESSA, Fla., Oct. 18 /PRNewswire/ -- Fuel cell developer Dais-Analytic Corp. 
/CONTACT: Glenn Doell of Dais-Analytic Corp.,727-375-8484, ext. 202, or 
gjd@daisanalytic.com/ 22:01 EDT 
Enron Names J. Clifford Baxter Vice Chairman
10/18/2000
Dow Jones News Service
HOUSTON -(Dow Jones)- Enron Corp. (ENE) named J. Clifford Baxter, the chief 
strategy officer, vice chairman. 
A company spokeswoman said Baxter will retain his role as chief strategy 
officer.
In a press release Wednesday, the company said Baxter joined Enron in 1991 
(CORRECTED 06:31 PM)
CORRECT: Enron Vice Chairman Baxter To Remain Chief Strategy
10/18/2000
Dow Jones News Service
Enron Corp. (ENE) named J. Clifford Baxter, the chief strategy officer, vice 
chairman. 
A company spokeswoman said Baxter will retain his role as chief strategy 
officer.
(An item that ran at 4:08 p.m. EDT stated that Baxter will relinquish this 
role. A company spokesman has since said Baxter will remain chief strategy 
officer).
Please schedule for Monday
Andrea Yowman
10/19/2000 12:37 AM
Jo Ann, 
Please set up a meeting with Steve Kean to discuss expertfinder asap on 
Thursday.
Thanks.
ay
Jana Mills@ECT
10/19/2000 05:10 PM
From Joe Sutton:
Please review the attached draft memo that we would like to send out from the 
Office of the Chairman.  Joe would like to send this out today 
If you have any questions or concerns, please let me know as soon as possible.
Thanks
Jana
New meeting request from Georgeanna Hoiseth
11/01/2000 02:30 PM Local Time
11/01/2000 04:00 PM Local Time
Title: Data Repository Meeting
Location:  4C2
Chair:  Georgeanna Hoiseth/Corp/Enron
To (required): Andrea Yowman/Corp/Enron@, Bill Donovan/EPSC/HOU/ECT@ECT, 
Brenda Anderson/NA/Enron@, Clifford Jackson/Corp/Enron@ECT, Curtis 
Fincher/Corp/Enron@, dtraweek@ccsystems.com, Geary 
Surratt/Corp/Enron@, Harry Grubbs/EPSC/HOU/ECT@ECT, Kathryn 
Schultea/HR/Corp/Enron@, Louis Porter/Corp/Enron@, Lynette 
Crawford/Corp/Enron@, Marie Hejka/Corp/Enron@, Robert 
Knight/HOU/ECT@ECT, Steve Woods/EPSC/HOU/ECT@ECT, Steven J Kean/NA/Enron@
cc (optional 
Please plan to attend the next Data Repository Meeting on Wednesday, November 
1st at 2:30 pm.   We will be having a demonstration of the website that 
displays the new database and we will be discussing the results of the 
comparison of the new database with DataMart's database 
Michelle Hargrave@ECT
10/19/2000 03:29 PM
The date for the Aviation pre-ranking meeting has been changed from 
Wednesday, November 29th to Tuesday, November 28th at 4:00 pm.  Location in 
the Enron bldg. to be determined prior to that date. This meeting will be 
used to determine the pre-rating of the Aviation employees prior to the 
EPSC/Building Services & Aviation PRC on Thursday, November 30th.
Should you have any questions, please feel free to contact me on ext. 36023.
,
Michelle
Any of the following would be great (prop ref no 
TUS-020-02 (the last one on your list)
TUS-030-01
TUS-030-06
TUS-005-02
I would prefer one with a tennis court in the complex.  Go ahead and book Thanks!
Maureen McVicker
02/18/2000 03:30 PM
SK - I forwarded this to you in case you want to look at the websites this 
weekend.  mm
Jane Blizzard  Maureen,
Please see if Steve likes any of these......we need to grab 1 pretty soon!
Jane Blizzard
jane@travelpark.com
713 860 1116 direct line
713 650 7022 fax
1221 Lamar Suite 718
Houston, Texas 77010
calendar
Rob Bradley
10/19/2000 12:53 PM
You might mark your calendar for a lunch (12-1:30) at the Hyatt downtown on 
Wednesday December 13 where Barton Smith of UH and George Tolley of the U. of 
Chicago will present the findings of their economic study.  The Houston Forum 
event will be part of the Kenneth L. Lay Lecture Series in Global Economics 
at the University of Houston.  (I will have a table for Enron.)
The authors presented their preliminary results to us this week, and the 
total benefits of the planned ozone reduction (all SIP measures as currently 
proposed) are below $100 million (we are indoors most of the time that bad 
air days are occurring since it is typically very hot), and the costs are 
around $5 billion out to 2010.   Lots of caveats to this conclusion including 
the assumption of today's best technology but no more.  The high costs 
include a "last mile" problem that the proposal of the Partnership's Business 
Coalition for Clean Air (BCCA) avoids (such as no noon-to-midnight 
construction, a 75% average point source reduction to allow for trading and 
future permits instead of a 90% reduction, etc 
The effect on Houston is to reduce our forecast economic growth but not 
eliminate it.  Real wages are forecast to fall by some 5% or more under the 
current SIP versus without it.  Total job loss will be over 100,000--about a 
1 and a half years of growth out to 2010.   This "shock" will be around 
one-half of what Houston went through after the oil price crash in 1986 
according to Dr. Smith.  One might say that slower growth and spreading the 
pollution around (some of our refinery/petrochemical growth going elsewhere) 
is not the end of the world, however, if a more cost-effective SIP is chosen.
It will be several weeks before the results are final (and the election 
over), at which time an executive summary will be released.  The Mayor's 
office and TNRCC will be briefed first.  The luncheon will be the formal 
unveiling of the study with explanation, but I expect press coverage of the 
study next month.
As head of the economics working group, I have tried to ensure that a 
top-notch analysis was done without an industry bias.  The results are 
considered conservative by the authors all things considered and in line with 
the peer-reviewed literature on costs and benefits.  The study is not 
intended to be a "whining" study but to give us realistic expectations and to 
(naturally) bring into review some "last mile" problems where certain SIP 
measures are the least cost effective.
These preliminary results are confidential given the political cycle we are 
in and should not be shared externally.
- Rob
I talked to Ken Lay and he will support Carol as VP.  I have talked to Carol 
and she knows the process.  We are going to take her up at the next Excom 
meeting.  I don't think there is anything you need to do right now.
John Sherriff@ECT
10/18/2000 04:31 AM
Steve
Any progress on determining how Carol would be accepted as a VP by the 
Executive Committee?    I have not been able to talk to her and am worried 
she might feel neglected. 
John
Look at the last article .... any idea what the "rude awakening" might be?
Ann M Schmidt
10/20/2000 07:58 AM
Business/Financial Desk; Section C 
Study Finds That Many Large Companies Pay No Taxes 
By DAVID CAY JOHNSTON 
? 
10/20/2000 
The New York Times 
Page 2, Column 1 
c. 2000 New York Times Company 
Goodyear, Texaco, Colgate-Palmolive, MCI WorldCom and eight other large 
corporations earned more than $12.2 billion in profits in 1996 through 1998, 
but none of them ended up owing corporate income taxes over that period, 
according to a study released yesterday. Indeed, as a group, the companies 
The study of 250 large publicly traded companies showed that 24 owed no tax 
or received credits against past or future tax obligations in 1998, up from 
13 in 1997 and 16 in 1996. The study also found that 71 of the 250 companies 
paid taxes at less than half the official 35 percent corporate rate during 
the three-year period. 
The study was conducted by the Institute on Taxation and Economic Policy, a 
Washington research organization associated with Citizens for Tax Justice, a 
nonprofit group supported in part by labor unions. The group argues that the 
tax system favors the rich and politically connected. 
Corporate profits overall soared 23.5 percent during the three-year period, 
but corporate tax revenues grew just 7.7 percent, a disjunction that has 
drawn intense interest from the Treasury Department and some members of 
Congress who are concerned about the growing market for tax shelters and 
their abuse. 
In recent years, Congress has watered down the 1986 overhaul of the tax laws, 
which lowered rates and eliminated most tax shelters, and was supposed to 
simplify reporting. The recent changes have opened fresh opportunities for 
corporations to cut their taxes, the study found. 
''Corporate taxes are not rising along with profits because companies have 
found all sorts of ways to get around the reforms in the 1986 tax act,'' said 
Robert S. McIntyre, the director of Citizens for Tax Justice. ''Companies 
also have gotten a lot of help from Congress, especially in gutting the 
minimum tax rules Mr. McIntyre said that he and T. D. Coo Nguyen, the co-author, spent more 
than two years examining financial statements the companies sent to 
shareholders. 
All but 18 of the companies studied are on the Fortune 500 list, and the 
others are in the Fortune 1000. He said companies were excluded if they lost 
money or their tax disclosures ''were crafted so that you could not figure 
them out At least two companies objected to the study's methodology. 
Keith Price, a spokesman for Goodyear, said the study did not appear to 
consider an accounting rule affecting its sale of a pipeline subsidiary in 
1998. It made no objection to the 1996 and 1997 figures. 
Michael N. Ambler, Texaco's chief tax counsel, said that his company had tax 
disputes with the Internal Revenue Service that were unresolved after more 
than a decade. If those disputes are settled with a refund, he said, that can 
easily distort the figures for any one year. He said that even the three-year 
study period was too short to give an accurate picture. 
Timothy McCormally of the Tax Executives Institute, which represents 
officials at large companies, told Bloomberg News that the companies named in 
the report did nothing wrong. ''There is nothing in the report that suggests 
that any of this results from any illegal or improper activity,'' he said. 
The study by the Washington institute showed that the corporate tax burden 
was falling in many cases because of the growing use of stock options, which 
are an expense for tax purposes but do not count against profits reported to 
shareholders. 
Recent annual reports filed by Microsoft and Cisco Systems indicate that they 
paid no federal income taxes in 1999 because stock options exercised by 
employees wiped out profits for tax purposes. 
The study found that General Electric, I.B.M., Pfizer, Intel and 
Bristol-Myers Squibb also sharply reduced their tax rates because of stock 
options without having to show reduced earnings to shareholders. 
The most significant factor in the easing corporate tax burden, Mr. McIntyre 
said, can be traced to actions in Congress, which relaxed the corporate 
minimum tax in 1993 when the Democrats were in control of both the House and 
Senate, and again in 1997, after the Republicans had taken over. Congress 
made it easier for corporations to spread tax breaks and profits over many 
years, including reaching back to past years to get tax breaks that could not 
be used at the time. 
In at least one of the three years studied, 41 of the 250 large companies 
studied paid no federal income tax. Those 41 companies reported $25.8 billion 
in profits to shareholders in the years they paid no taxes. If they had been 
obligated to pay the full 35 percent corporate rate, the tax bill would have 
been $9 billion, but the companies received $3.2 billion in refunds. 
In total dollars, General Electric was the biggest beneficiary of tax breaks, 
the study said, saving $6.9 billion in three years. The company paid $2.1 
billion in income taxes on $25.8 billion in profits, for a tax rate of 8.1 
percent. 
The highest tax rate for the three years was paid by Winn-Dixie Stores, which 
paid an average of 35.7 percent of its 1996 through 1998 profits in federal 
income taxes. It was one of two companies that paid more than the 35 percent 
statutory rate because of multiyear tax rules. The other was Paccar. 
Chart: ''Profits Without Pain'' In a study of 250 large and profitable 
companies, these 17 paid the least in corporate taxes -- or got the biggest 
refunds -- as a percentage of profits from 1996 to 1998. Goodyear 1996-98 
PROFITS, IN MILLIONS: $657 TOTAL TAX REFUNDED OR PAID, 1996-98, IN MILLIONS: 
-$ 65 EFFECTIVE TAX RATE: -9.9 Texaco 1996-98 PROFITS, IN MILLIONS: 3,447 
TOTAL TAX REFUNDED OR PAID, 1996-98, IN MILLIONS: - 304 EFFECTIVE TAX RATE: 
-8.8 Ryder 1996-98 PROFITS, IN MILLIONS: 489 TOTAL TAX REFUNDED OR PAID, 
1996-98, IN MILLIONS: - 30 EFFECTIVE TAX RATE: -6.2 El Paso Energy 1996-98 
PROFITS, IN MILLIONS: 818 TOTAL TAX REFUNDED OR PAID, 1996-98, IN MILLIONS 36 EFFECTIVE TAX RATE: -4.4 MedPartners 1996-98 PROFITS, IN MILLIONS: 184 
TOTAL TAX REFUNDED OR PAID, 1996-98, IN MILLIONS: - 4 EFFECTIVE TAX RATE: 
-2.1 Tenneco 1996-98 PROFITS, IN MILLIONS: 731 TOTAL TAX REFUNDED OR PAID, 
1996-98, IN MILLIONS: - 14 EFFECTIVE TAX RATE: -1.9 Colgate-Palmolive 1996-98 
PROFITS, IN MILLIONS: 777 TOTAL TAX REFUNDED OR PAID, 1996-98, IN MILLIONS 14 EFFECTIVE TAX RATE: -1.7 MCI WorldCom 1996-98 PROFITS, IN MILLIONS: 3,578 
TOTAL TAX REFUNDED OR PAID, 1996-98, IN MILLIONS: - 61 EFFECTIVE TAX RATE: 
-1.7 Corporate Express* 1996-98 PROFITS, IN MILLIONS: 214 TOTAL TAX REFUNDED 
OR PAID, 1996-98, IN MILLIONS: - 4 EFFECTIVE TAX RATE: -1.6 WestPoint Stevens 
1996-98 PROFITS, IN MILLIONS: 339 TOTAL TAX REFUNDED OR PAID, 1996-98, IN 
MILLIONS: - 3 EFFECTIVE TAX RATE: -0.7 Kmart 1996-98 PROFITS, IN MILLIONS: 
978 TOTAL TAX REFUNDED OR PAID, 1996-98, IN MILLIONS: - 2 EFFECTIVE TAX RATE: 
-0.2 Enron 1996-98 PROFITS, IN MILLIONS: 816 TOTAL TAX REFUNDED OR PAID, 
1996-98, IN MILLIONS: + 2 EFFECTIVE TAX RATE: +0.2 Transamerica 1996-98 
PROFITS, IN MILLIONS: 2,199 TOTAL TAX REFUNDED OR PAID, 1996-98, IN MILLIONS: 
+ 5 EFFECTIVE TAX RATE: +0.2 Suiza Foods 1996-98 PROFITS, IN MILLIONS: 295 
TOTAL TAX REFUNDED OR PAID, 1996-98, IN MILLIONS: + 2 EFFECTIVE TAX RATE: 
+0.8 Navistar 1996-98 PROFITS, IN MILLIONS: 742 TOTAL TAX REFUNDED OR PAID, 
1996-98, IN MILLIONS: + 13 EFFECTIVE TAX RATE: +1.8 McKesson 1996-98 PROFITS, 
IN MILLIONS: 473 TOTAL TAX REFUNDED OR PAID, 1996-98, IN MILLIONS: + 10 
EFFECTIVE TAX RATE: +2.1 Pfizer 1996-98 PROFITS, IN MILLIONS: 3,367 TOTAL TAX 
REFUNDED OR PAID, 1996-98, IN MILLIONS: + 104 EFFECTIVE TAX RATE: +3.1 
*Purchased by Buhrmann in October 1999. (Source: Institute on Taxation and 
Economic Policy) 
Business; Financial Desk 
Legal Breaks Lower Some Corporate Tax Rates 
? 
10/20/2000 
Los Angeles Times 
Home Edition 
Page C-3 
WASHINGTON -- Dozens of America's most profitable companies enjoyed tax-free 
years during the 1990s largely because of legal tax breaks, an independent 
study released Thursday found. 
The report by the nonprofit Institute on Taxation and Economic Policy found 
that 250 companies paid an effective tax rate of 20.1% in 1998, down from 
22.9% just two years before. The federal income tax rate for corporations is 
supposed to be 35 Of the 250 companies studied, 41 enjoyed at least one year of no income taxes 
or an actual rebate from the federal government, despite pretax profits of 
$25.8 billion from 1996 to 1998. 
If all 250 companies had paid the full 35% on $735 billion in pretax profits, 
the study estimated the total income tax would have come to $257 billion. But 
tax breaks put into law by Congress lowered those companies' tax bills by $98 
billion over the three-year period. 
Companies getting tax rebates in 1998 alone included Texaco Inc., Chevron 
Corp., PepsiCo Inc., J.P. Morgan & Co., Enron Corp. and General Motors Corp the report found. 
The study's chief author, Robert S. McIntyre, said companies lower their 
taxes through such breaks as depreciation write-offs, tax credits for 
research and development and deductions they take when employees exercise 
stock options. 
The report also found that the petroleum industry paid the lowest tax rate 
from 1996 to 1998, at 12.3%, followed by electronics at 13.1%, forest and 
paper products at 13.9% and transportation at 14%. At the other end of the 
spectrum, publishing and printing companies paid 31.6%, gas and electric 
utilities paid 28.1% and retail and wholesale trade companies paid 27.6 
Oct. 19, 2000, 10:23PM
Houston Chronicle
Arena boosters tout 3 benefits 
Some question property/sales tax numbers, new development 
By ERIC BERGER 
Enron Field sparked the redevelopment of downtown's east side, boosters say, 
and an arena would crown the revitalization of the long-neglected area. 
A strongly pro-arena business organization, Central Houston Inc., released a 
flurry of positive economic numbers to back its contention that Enron Field 
is a boon to downtown as well as to city, county and school tax coffers, and 
that the arena would be as well. 
"There's no better way to measure the impact of sports facilities on downtown 
than to look at the one we already have," said the organization's president, 
Bob Eury, as he crooked a finger toward the ballpark. 
Eury and other boosters outlined three economic benefits to Houston they say 
are related to sports facilities: increased property tax revenues, a wealth 
of new development in the area and a boost in sales tax collected. 
But economic analysts questioned some of their conclusions. 
When Enron Field was built, nine blocks were taken off the tax rolls at a 
cost of about $284,000 in lost property taxes. 
Eury said, though, that it was not a bad trade. 
He noted that properties around the ballpark have leaped in value since the 
Enron Field project began in the mid-1990s. In turn, the annual property tax 
collected on land and buildings within four blocks of the ballpark is $2.4 
million greater now than in 1995. 
But Harris County Tax Assessor-Collector Paul Bettencourt said those figures 
are due in part to the boom in land values across downtown, including the 
central business district, since 1995. 
Bettencourt said he hoped to have an analysis finished today to determine 
whether land values around Enron Field had increased at a greater rate than 
land in the rest of downtown. 
The boosters also highlighted more than $700 million worth of private 
developments planned -- but not yet completed -- near the ballpark, including 
the $90 million, 37-story Ballpark Place Tower across Crawford Street from 
Enron Field. 
"Without a doubt, if Enron Field was not there, Ballpark Place would not be 
there," said John Holland, an executive vice president for the Trammel Crow 
Co., which expects to break ground on the project in early 2001. 
Because the arena would be built in an urban core, even academics who are 
skeptical about the economic benefits of sports stadiums agreed that spin-off 
development is likely nearby. 
But independent economists who have studied such issues, including Brad 
Humphreys, an assistant professor at the University of Maryland-Baltimore 
County, say development near a stadium usually has a negative impact on 
development and businesses in other parts of a city. 
The focus must be on the entire market, Humphreys said, not just in the 
vicinity of a sports facility. 
"Public subsidization of stadiums and arenas isn't necessarily a bad thing he said. "But when they sell them as economic engines, it's just absolutely 
wrong. The research doesn't show that A recent study Humphreys co-authored, which appeared in the fall 1999 issue 
of the Journal of Policy Analysis and Management, found that the presence of 
professional sports teams in a market, on average, actually reduced the 
per-capita income in those markets, compared with similar markets without 
such teams. 
Given Houston's strong economy, Eury said he does not believe downtown 
development will detract from other areas of the city, as Humphreys' studies 
have shown in other markets. 
A third major economic benefit offered Thursday was that a new arena, with 
the Houston Rockets and Houston Comets as tenants, would generate $13 million 
a year in sales tax revenues. 
About $2.7 million of that would go into local coffers, with the remainder 
going to the state, according to the study performed for Eury's group by CSL 
International, a consulting firm. 
Yet even in the absence of a new arena and both teams, many economists say a 
large portion of those expenditures would be spent in the area anyway. That 
is known as a "substitution effect Instead of a family going to a game, it might go to the movies or local zoo. 
And corporations are likely to sponsor other local events out of their 
advertising budgets, the economists say. 
The CSL study did not account for this substitution effect in calculating the 
sales tax impact, said Bill Rhoda, the firm's director. 
Study: Dozens of corporations pay little or no income tax
By CURT ANDERSON
AP Tax Writer
10/19/2000
Associated Press Newswires
WASHINGTON (AP) - Dozens of America's most profitable companies enjoyed 
tax-free years during the 1990s largely because of legal tax breaks, an 
independent study released Thursday found. 
The report by the nonprofit Institute on Taxation and Economic Policy found 
that 250 companies paid an effective tax rate of 20.1 percent in 1998, down 
from 22.9 percent just two years before. The federal income tax rate for 
corporations is supposed to be 35 percent.
Of the 250 companies studied, 41 enjoyed at least one year of no income taxes 
or an actual rebate from the federal government, despite pretax profits of 
$25.8 billion from 1996-98. 
If all 250 companies had paid the full 35 percent on $735 billion in pretax 
profits, the study estimated the total income tax would have come to $257 
billion. But tax breaks put into law by Congress lowered those companies' tax 
bills by $98 billion over the three-year period. 
Companies getting tax rebates in 1998 alone included Texaco, Chevron, 
Pepsico, J.P. Morgan, Enron and General Motors, the report found. 
The study's chief author, Robert S. McIntyre, said companies lower their 
taxes through such breaks as depreciation write-offs, tax credits for 
research and development and deductions they take when employees exercise 
stock options. 
"We hope our findings will encourage lawmakers to re-examine this important 
area of taxation," McIntyre said. 
The report also found that the petroleum industry paid the lowest tax rate 
from 1996-98, at 12.3 percent, followed by electronics at 13.1 percent, 
forest and paper products at 13.9 percent and transportation at 14 percent. 
At the other end of the spectrum, publishing and printing companies paid 31.6 
percent, gas and electric utilities paid 28.1 percent and retail and 
wholesale trade companies paid 27.6 percent. 
"Anyone who worries about our economy's long-term growth has to wonder why 
the tax code is being used to favor some industries and some kinds of 
investments over others, rather than letting market forces decide," McIntyre 
said. 
On the Net: 
Institute on Taxation and Economic Policy site 
US Rep Drafts Bill To Impose Windfall Tax On Pwr Companies.
By JASON LEOPOLD
10/19/2000
Dow Jones Energy Service
OF DOW JONES NEWSWIRES 
LOS ANGELES -(Dow Jones)- California's summer of soaring wholesale 
electricity prices helped boost the stock price of many energy companies in 
the third quarter.
But if U.S. Rep. Bob Filner, D-Calif., gets his way, those companies will be 
forced to pay back hundreds of millions of dollars in profit to utilities, 
customers and the government. 
Filner introduced a bill in the House of Representatives last week that would 
impose a windfall profit tax on wholesale power sold throughout the western 
U.S. 
The bill, which was referred to the House Committee on Ways and Means, may be 
discussed in December or January, according to Filner, and if he gets enough 
support by the mostly Republican caucus, companies like Enron Corp. (ENE Duke Energy North America (DUK), Southern Co. (SO). Reliant Energy (REI) and 
Dynegy (DYN), would only be allowed to show a certain amount of profit and 
anything over that amount would be taxed 100 Filner said the amount of profit hasn't been determined but his bill calls 
for a baseline that would be a "just and reasonable" amount of profit. 
The congressman's San Diego constituents were paying market-based electricity 
rates in the summer which resulted in triple-digit utility bills. He said 
generators are gouging California customers and need to be held responsible. 
"This is not just a problem of supply and demand," Filner told Dow Jones 
Newswires. "This is stealing. And we want our money back State and federal regulators are conducting separate investigations into 
California's wholesale power crisis. The findings, expected to be complete in 
about two weeks, are aimed at determining if generators or other key players 
manipulated the state's wholesale energy market. 
At least two major energy companies are being investigated by California 
Attorney General Bill Lockyer. A high level source working on the probe with 
the Attorney General said third-quarter earnings statements will play a major 
role in finding out if generators manipulated the market. 
Their investigation isn't turning up much evidence but earnings statements 
are showing that profits are up significantly largely due to wholesale prices 
in California, the source said. 
At least one Federal Energy Regulatory Commissioner, who spoke on the 
condition of anonymity, said the wholesale electricity market in California 
will be in for a "rude awakening" when the agency completes its 
investigation. 
"There will be some serious structural changes to the market," the 
commissioner said. 
Representatives from energy companies told Dow Jones Newswires that higher 
profits weren't the result of illegal activity or manipulating the market. 
Energy Cos. Say Summer Crisis Boosted 3Q Earnings 
On Wednesday, Duke Energy, which owns and operates power plants in 
California, said in an earnings statement that third-quarter profit rose 74 due in part, to high wholesale prices in California in the summer. Enron and 
several other companies reported similar third-quarter increases based on 
California's summer of skyrocketing power prices. 
The congressman doesn't want to limit the proposed windfall tax to 
California, but where generators sell power in the western U.S. 
But even Filner admits that forcing generators to refund part of their 
profits isn't getting the early support it needs to become law. 
"If the democrats were in charge I'd have this bill voted on already," Filner 
said. 
Filner said if the bill is passed some of the money would be refunded to 
consumers and utilities, the victims, as he refers to them. 
Meanwhile, he's also working on getting the House to pass a separate bill to 
roll back electricity rates in the western U.S. to pre-deregulation levels 
and he's trying to gather support for a wind power initiative. 
Regardless of the outcome, the congressman is dead set on making noise. 
"If nothing happens, I'm thinking about holding a press conference with the 
San Diego District Attorney," he said. "We'll press criminal charges against 
the energy companies." -By Jason Leopold; Dow Jones Newswires; 323-658-3874;
jason.leopold@dowjones.com
See Dow Jones newswire story at the end
Steven J Kean
10/22/2000 07:31 PM
Look at the last article .... any idea what the "rude awakening" might be?
Ann M Schmidt
10/20/2000 07:58 AM
Business/Financial Desk; Section C 
Study Finds That Many Large Companies Pay No Taxes 
By DAVID CAY JOHNSTON 
? 
10/20/2000 
The New York Times 
Page 2, Column 1 
c. 2000 New York Times Company 
Goodyear, Texaco, Colgate-Palmolive, MCI WorldCom and eight other large 
corporations earned more than $12.2 billion in profits in 1996 through 1998, 
but none of them ended up owing corporate income taxes over that period, 
according to a study released yesterday. Indeed, as a group, the companies 
The study of 250 large publicly traded companies showed that 24 owed no tax 
or received credits against past or future tax obligations in 1998, up from 
13 in 1997 and 16 in 1996. The study also found that 71 of the 250 companies 
paid taxes at less than half the official 35 percent corporate rate during 
the three-year period. 
The study was conducted by the Institute on Taxation and Economic Policy, a 
Washington research organization associated with Citizens for Tax Justice, a 
nonprofit group supported in part by labor unions. The group argues that the 
tax system favors the rich and politically connected. 
Corporate profits overall soared 23.5 percent during the three-year period, 
but corporate tax revenues grew just 7.7 percent, a disjunction that has 
drawn intense interest from the Treasury Department and some members of 
Congress who are concerned about the growing market for tax shelters and 
their abuse. 
In recent years, Congress has watered down the 1986 overhaul of the tax laws, 
which lowered rates and eliminated most tax shelters, and was supposed to 
simplify reporting. The recent changes have opened fresh opportunities for 
corporations to cut their taxes, the study found. 
''Corporate taxes are not rising along with profits because companies have 
found all sorts of ways to get around the reforms in the 1986 tax act,'' said 
Robert S. McIntyre, the director of Citizens for Tax Justice. ''Companies 
also have gotten a lot of help from Congress, especially in gutting the 
minimum tax rules Mr. McIntyre said that he and T. D. Coo Nguyen, the co-author, spent more 
than two years examining financial statements the companies sent to 
shareholders. 
All but 18 of the companies studied are on the Fortune 500 list, and the 
others are in the Fortune 1000. He said companies were excluded if they lost 
money or their tax disclosures ''were crafted so that you could not figure 
them out At least two companies objected to the study's methodology. 
Keith Price, a spokesman for Goodyear, said the study did not appear to 
consider an accounting rule affecting its sale of a pipeline subsidiary in 
1998. It made no objection to the 1996 and 1997 figures. 
Michael N. Ambler, Texaco's chief tax counsel, said that his company had tax 
disputes with the Internal Revenue Service that were unresolved after more 
than a decade. If those disputes are settled with a refund, he said, that can 
easily distort the figures for any one year. He said that even the three-year 
study period was too short to give an accurate picture. 
Timothy McCormally of the Tax Executives Institute, which represents 
officials at large companies, told Bloomberg News that the companies named in 
the report did nothing wrong. ''There is nothing in the report that suggests 
that any of this results from any illegal or improper activity,'' he said. 
The study by the Washington institute showed that the corporate tax burden 
was falling in many cases because of the growing use of stock options, which 
are an expense for tax purposes but do not count against profits reported to 
shareholders. 
Recent annual reports filed by Microsoft and Cisco Systems indicate that they 
paid no federal income taxes in 1999 because stock options exercised by 
employees wiped out profits for tax purposes. 
The study found that General Electric, I.B.M., Pfizer, Intel and 
Bristol-Myers Squibb also sharply reduced their tax rates because of stock 
options without having to show reduced earnings to shareholders. 
The most significant factor in the easing corporate tax burden, Mr. McIntyre 
said, can be traced to actions in Congress, which relaxed the corporate 
minimum tax in 1993 when the Democrats were in control of both the House and 
Senate, and again in 1997, after the Republicans had taken over. Congress 
made it easier for corporations to spread tax breaks and profits over many 
years, including reaching back to past years to get tax breaks that could not 
be used at the time. 
In at least one of the three years studied, 41 of the 250 large companies 
studied paid no federal income tax. Those 41 companies reported $25.8 billion 
in profits to shareholders in the years they paid no taxes. If they had been 
obligated to pay the full 35 percent corporate rate, the tax bill would have 
been $9 billion, but the companies received $3.2 billion in refunds. 
In total dollars, General Electric was the biggest beneficiary of tax breaks, 
the study said, saving $6.9 billion in three years. The company paid $2.1 
billion in income taxes on $25.8 billion in profits, for a tax rate of 8.1 
percent. 
The highest tax rate for the three years was paid by Winn-Dixie Stores, which 
paid an average of 35.7 percent of its 1996 through 1998 profits in federal 
income taxes. It was one of two companies that paid more than the 35 percent 
statutory rate because of multiyear tax rules. The other was Paccar. 
Chart: ''Profits Without Pain'' In a study of 250 large and profitable 
companies, these 17 paid the least in corporate taxes -- or got the biggest 
refunds -- as a percentage of profits from 1996 to 1998. Goodyear 1996-98 
PROFITS, IN MILLIONS: $657 TOTAL TAX REFUNDED OR PAID, 1996-98, IN MILLIONS: 
-$ 65 EFFECTIVE TAX RATE: -9.9 Texaco 1996-98 PROFITS, IN MILLIONS: 3,447 
TOTAL TAX REFUNDED OR PAID, 1996-98, IN MILLIONS: - 304 EFFECTIVE TAX RATE: 
-8.8 Ryder 1996-98 PROFITS, IN MILLIONS: 489 TOTAL TAX REFUNDED OR PAID, 
1996-98, IN MILLIONS: - 30 EFFECTIVE TAX RATE: -6.2 El Paso Energy 1996-98 
PROFITS, IN MILLIONS: 818 TOTAL TAX REFUNDED OR PAID, 1996-98, IN MILLIONS 36 EFFECTIVE TAX RATE: -4.4 MedPartners 1996-98 PROFITS, IN MILLIONS: 184 
TOTAL TAX REFUNDED OR PAID, 1996-98, IN MILLIONS: - 4 EFFECTIVE TAX RATE: 
-2.1 Tenneco 1996-98 PROFITS, IN MILLIONS: 731 TOTAL TAX REFUNDED OR PAID, 
1996-98, IN MILLIONS: - 14 EFFECTIVE TAX RATE: -1.9 Colgate-Palmolive 1996-98 
PROFITS, IN MILLIONS: 777 TOTAL TAX REFUNDED OR PAID, 1996-98, IN MILLIONS 14 EFFECTIVE TAX RATE: -1.7 MCI WorldCom 1996-98 PROFITS, IN MILLIONS: 3,578 
TOTAL TAX REFUNDED OR PAID, 1996-98, IN MILLIONS: - 61 EFFECTIVE TAX RATE: 
-1.7 Corporate Express* 1996-98 PROFITS, IN MILLIONS: 214 TOTAL TAX REFUNDED 
OR PAID, 1996-98, IN MILLIONS: - 4 EFFECTIVE TAX RATE: -1.6 WestPoint Stevens 
1996-98 PROFITS, IN MILLIONS: 339 TOTAL TAX REFUNDED OR PAID, 1996-98, IN 
MILLIONS: - 3 EFFECTIVE TAX RATE: -0.7 Kmart 1996-98 PROFITS, IN MILLIONS: 
978 TOTAL TAX REFUNDED OR PAID, 1996-98, IN MILLIONS: - 2 EFFECTIVE TAX RATE: 
-0.2 Enron 1996-98 PROFITS, IN MILLIONS: 816 TOTAL TAX REFUNDED OR PAID, 
1996-98, IN MILLIONS: + 2 EFFECTIVE TAX RATE: +0.2 Transamerica 1996-98 
PROFITS, IN MILLIONS: 2,199 TOTAL TAX REFUNDED OR PAID, 1996-98, IN MILLIONS: 
+ 5 EFFECTIVE TAX RATE: +0.2 Suiza Foods 1996-98 PROFITS, IN MILLIONS: 295 
TOTAL TAX REFUNDED OR PAID, 1996-98, IN MILLIONS: + 2 EFFECTIVE TAX RATE: 
+0.8 Navistar 1996-98 PROFITS, IN MILLIONS: 742 TOTAL TAX REFUNDED OR PAID, 
1996-98, IN MILLIONS: + 13 EFFECTIVE TAX RATE: +1.8 McKesson 1996-98 PROFITS, 
IN MILLIONS: 473 TOTAL TAX REFUNDED OR PAID, 1996-98, IN MILLIONS: + 10 
EFFECTIVE TAX RATE: +2.1 Pfizer 1996-98 PROFITS, IN MILLIONS: 3,367 TOTAL TAX 
REFUNDED OR PAID, 1996-98, IN MILLIONS: + 104 EFFECTIVE TAX RATE: +3.1 
*Purchased by Buhrmann in October 1999. (Source: Institute on Taxation and 
Economic Policy) 
Business; Financial Desk 
Legal Breaks Lower Some Corporate Tax Rates 
? 
10/20/2000 
Los Angeles Times 
Home Edition 
Page C-3 
WASHINGTON -- Dozens of America's most profitable companies enjoyed tax-free 
years during the 1990s largely because of legal tax breaks, an independent 
study released Thursday found. 
The report by the nonprofit Institute on Taxation and Economic Policy found 
that 250 companies paid an effective tax rate of 20.1% in 1998, down from 
22.9% just two years before. The federal income tax rate for corporations is 
supposed to be 35 Of the 250 companies studied, 41 enjoyed at least one year of no income taxes 
or an actual rebate from the federal government, despite pretax profits of 
$25.8 billion from 1996 to 1998. 
If all 250 companies had paid the full 35% on $735 billion in pretax profits, 
the study estimated the total income tax would have come to $257 billion. But 
tax breaks put into law by Congress lowered those companies' tax bills by $98 
billion over the three-year period. 
Companies getting tax rebates in 1998 alone included Texaco Inc., Chevron 
Corp., PepsiCo Inc., J.P. Morgan & Co., Enron Corp. and General Motors Corp the report found. 
The study's chief author, Robert S. McIntyre, said companies lower their 
taxes through such breaks as depreciation write-offs, tax credits for 
research and development and deductions they take when employees exercise 
stock options. 
The report also found that the petroleum industry paid the lowest tax rate 
from 1996 to 1998, at 12.3%, followed by electronics at 13.1%, forest and 
paper products at 13.9% and transportation at 14%. At the other end of the 
spectrum, publishing and printing companies paid 31.6%, gas and electric 
utilities paid 28.1% and retail and wholesale trade companies paid 27.6 
Oct. 19, 2000, 10:23PM
Houston Chronicle
Arena boosters tout 3 benefits 
Some question property/sales tax numbers, new development 
By ERIC BERGER 
Enron Field sparked the redevelopment of downtown's east side, boosters say, 
and an arena would crown the revitalization of the long-neglected area. 
A strongly pro-arena business organization, Central Houston Inc., released a 
flurry of positive economic numbers to back its contention that Enron Field 
is a boon to downtown as well as to city, county and school tax coffers, and 
that the arena would be as well. 
"There's no better way to measure the impact of sports facilities on downtown 
than to look at the one we already have," said the organization's president, 
Bob Eury, as he crooked a finger toward the ballpark. 
Eury and other boosters outlined three economic benefits to Houston they say 
are related to sports facilities: increased property tax revenues, a wealth 
of new development in the area and a boost in sales tax collected. 
But economic analysts questioned some of their conclusions. 
When Enron Field was built, nine blocks were taken off the tax rolls at a 
cost of about $284,000 in lost property taxes. 
Eury said, though, that it was not a bad trade. 
He noted that properties around the ballpark have leaped in value since the 
Enron Field project began in the mid-1990s. In turn, the annual property tax 
collected on land and buildings within four blocks of the ballpark is $2.4 
million greater now than in 1995. 
But Harris County Tax Assessor-Collector Paul Bettencourt said those figures 
are due in part to the boom in land values across downtown, including the 
central business district, since 1995. 
Bettencourt said he hoped to have an analysis finished today to determine 
whether land values around Enron Field had increased at a greater rate than 
land in the rest of downtown. 
The boosters also highlighted more than $700 million worth of private 
developments planned -- but not yet completed -- near the ballpark, including 
the $90 million, 37-story Ballpark Place Tower across Crawford Street from 
Enron Field. 
"Without a doubt, if Enron Field was not there, Ballpark Place would not be 
there," said John Holland, an executive vice president for the Trammel Crow 
Co., which expects to break ground on the project in early 2001. 
Because the arena would be built in an urban core, even academics who are 
skeptical about the economic benefits of sports stadiums agreed that spin-off 
development is likely nearby. 
But independent economists who have studied such issues, including Brad 
Humphreys, an assistant professor at the University of Maryland-Baltimore 
County, say development near a stadium usually has a negative impact on 
development and businesses in other parts of a city. 
The focus must be on the entire market, Humphreys said, not just in the 
vicinity of a sports facility. 
"Public subsidization of stadiums and arenas isn't necessarily a bad thing he said. "But when they sell them as economic engines, it's just absolutely 
wrong. The research doesn't show that A recent study Humphreys co-authored, which appeared in the fall 1999 issue 
of the Journal of Policy Analysis and Management, found that the presence of 
professional sports teams in a market, on average, actually reduced the 
per-capita income in those markets, compared with similar markets without 
such teams. 
Given Houston's strong economy, Eury said he does not believe downtown 
development will detract from other areas of the city, as Humphreys' studies 
have shown in other markets. 
A third major economic benefit offered Thursday was that a new arena, with 
the Houston Rockets and Houston Comets as tenants, would generate $13 million 
a year in sales tax revenues. 
About $2.7 million of that would go into local coffers, with the remainder 
going to the state, according to the study performed for Eury's group by CSL 
International, a consulting firm. 
Yet even in the absence of a new arena and both teams, many economists say a 
large portion of those expenditures would be spent in the area anyway. That 
is known as a "substitution effect Instead of a family going to a game, it might go to the movies or local zoo. 
And corporations are likely to sponsor other local events out of their 
advertising budgets, the economists say. 
The CSL study did not account for this substitution effect in calculating the 
sales tax impact, said Bill Rhoda, the firm's director. 
Study: Dozens of corporations pay little or no income tax
By CURT ANDERSON
AP Tax Writer
10/19/2000
Associated Press Newswires
WASHINGTON (AP) - Dozens of America's most profitable companies enjoyed 
tax-free years during the 1990s largely because of legal tax breaks, an 
independent study released Thursday found. 
The report by the nonprofit Institute on Taxation and Economic Policy found 
that 250 companies paid an effective tax rate of 20.1 percent in 1998, down 
from 22.9 percent just two years before. The federal income tax rate for 
corporations is supposed to be 35 percent.
Of the 250 companies studied, 41 enjoyed at least one year of no income taxes 
or an actual rebate from the federal government, despite pretax profits of 
$25.8 billion from 1996-98. 
If all 250 companies had paid the full 35 percent on $735 billion in pretax 
profits, the study estimated the total income tax would have come to $257 
billion. But tax breaks put into law by Congress lowered those companies' tax 
bills by $98 billion over the three-year period. 
Companies getting tax rebates in 1998 alone included Texaco, Chevron, 
Pepsico, J.P. Morgan, Enron and General Motors, the report found. 
The study's chief author, Robert S. McIntyre, said companies lower their 
taxes through such breaks as depreciation write-offs, tax credits for 
research and development and deductions they take when employees exercise 
stock options. 
"We hope our findings will encourage lawmakers to re-examine this important 
area of taxation," McIntyre said. 
The report also found that the petroleum industry paid the lowest tax rate 
from 1996-98, at 12.3 percent, followed by electronics at 13.1 percent, 
forest and paper products at 13.9 percent and transportation at 14 percent. 
At the other end of the spectrum, publishing and printing companies paid 31.6 
percent, gas and electric utilities paid 28.1 percent and retail and 
wholesale trade companies paid 27.6 percent. 
"Anyone who worries about our economy's long-term growth has to wonder why 
the tax code is being used to favor some industries and some kinds of 
investments over others, rather than letting market forces decide," McIntyre 
said. 
On the Net: 
Institute on Taxation and Economic Policy site 
US Rep Drafts Bill To Impose Windfall Tax On Pwr Companies.
By JASON LEOPOLD
10/19/2000
Dow Jones Energy Service
OF DOW JONES NEWSWIRES 
LOS ANGELES -(Dow Jones)- California's summer of soaring wholesale 
electricity prices helped boost the stock price of many energy companies in 
the third quarter.
But if U.S. Rep. Bob Filner, D-Calif., gets his way, those companies will be 
forced to pay back hundreds of millions of dollars in profit to utilities, 
customers and the government. 
Filner introduced a bill in the House of Representatives last week that would 
impose a windfall profit tax on wholesale power sold throughout the western 
U.S. 
The bill, which was referred to the House Committee on Ways and Means, may be 
discussed in December or January, according to Filner, and if he gets enough 
support by the mostly Republican caucus, companies like Enron Corp. (ENE Duke Energy North America (DUK), Southern Co. (SO). Reliant Energy (REI) and 
Dynegy (DYN), would only be allowed to show a certain amount of profit and 
anything over that amount would be taxed 100 Filner said the amount of profit hasn't been determined but his bill calls 
for a baseline that would be a "just and reasonable" amount of profit. 
The congressman's San Diego constituents were paying market-based electricity 
rates in the summer which resulted in triple-digit utility bills. He said 
generators are gouging California customers and need to be held responsible. 
"This is not just a problem of supply and demand," Filner told Dow Jones 
Newswires. "This is stealing. And we want our money back State and federal regulators are conducting separate investigations into 
California's wholesale power crisis. The findings, expected to be complete in 
about two weeks, are aimed at determining if generators or other key players 
manipulated the state's wholesale energy market. 
At least two major energy companies are being investigated by California 
Attorney General Bill Lockyer. A high level source working on the probe with 
the Attorney General said third-quarter earnings statements will play a major 
role in finding out if generators manipulated the market. 
Their investigation isn't turning up much evidence but earnings statements 
are showing that profits are up significantly largely due to wholesale prices 
in California, the source said. 
At least one Federal Energy Regulatory Commissioner, who spoke on the 
condition of anonymity, said the wholesale electricity market in California 
will be in for a "rude awakening" when the agency completes its 
investigation. 
"There will be some serious structural changes to the market," the 
commissioner said. 
Representatives from energy companies told Dow Jones Newswires that higher 
profits weren't the result of illegal activity or manipulating the market. 
Energy Cos. Say Summer Crisis Boosted 3Q Earnings 
On Wednesday, Duke Energy, which owns and operates power plants in 
California, said in an earnings statement that third-quarter profit rose 74 due in part, to high wholesale prices in California in the summer. Enron and 
several other companies reported similar third-quarter increases based on 
California's summer of skyrocketing power prices. 
The congressman doesn't want to limit the proposed windfall tax to 
California, but where generators sell power in the western U.S. 
But even Filner admits that forcing generators to refund part of their 
profits isn't getting the early support it needs to become law. 
"If the democrats were in charge I'd have this bill voted on already," Filner 
said. 
Filner said if the bill is passed some of the money would be refunded to 
consumers and utilities, the victims, as he refers to them. 
Meanwhile, he's also working on getting the House to pass a separate bill to 
roll back electricity rates in the western U.S. to pre-deregulation levels 
and he's trying to gather support for a wind power initiative. 
Regardless of the outcome, the congressman is dead set on making noise. 
"If nothing happens, I'm thinking about holding a press conference with the 
San Diego District Attorney," he said. "We'll press criminal charges against 
the energy companies." -By Jason Leopold; Dow Jones Newswires; 323-658-3874;
jason.leopold@dowjones.com
Please see attached.
"DOE-NARUC Summit Team"  	10/25/2000 07:12 AM
Please respond to ibarreto
DOE and NARUC are hosting the North American Summit on Harmonizing Business
Practices in Energy Restructuring on November 29 to December 1 in Dallas.
More information is available at  
Just a quick note to remind you that the early registration discount
deadline is Friday, October 27.  To register, go to
Please forward this email to colleagues who may be interested in this event.
- winmail.dat
Can we be even stronger on this?  The short answer is that Joe's resignation=20
has no impact on our view toward India.  The evaluation of our asset holdings=20
and new business opportunities is the same the day after Joe's resignation as=20
it was the day before.  If need be, we can reiterate previous statements=20
about our ongoing review of asset positions.  What do you think?
=09John Ambler@_DEVELOPMENT
=0910/24/2000 06:46 PM
=09=09=20
We expect considerable Indian media interest and attempts to interpret the=20
implications of Joe Sutton's resignation.  In consultation with Mark Palmer=20
and others, we have developed the following statement, which we intend to use=20
only in response to media inquiries.  Please let me know if you have any=20
comments.
John
For Enron Use =01) Only if Asked
October 24, 2000
Statement on Impact of Sutton Resignation on Enron in India
Joe Sutton=01,s departure should not significantly affect Enron=01,s commitment to=20
the Indian market.  In fact, consistent with Enron=01,s new business lines, we=20
are in the process of developing data centers and a fiber optic network in=20
India.  Of course, we continuously look to optimize the value of our business=20
interests and there may be some related adjustments in our holdings, but we=20
expect to continue as a significant participant in the Indian market.
If pressed:
We are not able to comment on specific plans or operations, as it is our=20
policy not to comment on the details of potential divestitures or=20
acquisitions.
Nick:
I was wondering if it would be a big problem if I end up not being able to 
attend the grand opening.  I really want to attend, but I am having some 
scheduling problems.
Please let me know if my missing the event would create any problems.  (I 
know I'm important, but I'm sure it would be ok for me to miss.)
Steve
James D Steffes
06/02/2000 07:55 AM
FYI.  Jane is doing a great job supporting the Reg Risk efforts.
JDS
Jane Wilson@_DEVELOPMENT
06/02/2000 01:10 PM
Just had a preview meeting with Wade Cline and Neil McGregor (Pres. of DPC They are very supportive of the effort and felt that, while "Jane, you always 
bring us such good news!" that the depth of analysis and real time concerns 
articulated was an excellent thing for the company.  In fact, they wanted a 
few more mitigants put in and then shot down, anticipating Jeff Skilling-type 
questions.  Thus, this regulatory risk idea if done in depth for each 
region/project, may be a bigger service for Enron than you guys had ever 
anticipated.  They also thought of one more tack to take on the renegotiation 
issue to figure out how far we could go.  Good deal.  (However, will still 
wear body armor/butt plate into the Sanjay meeting next Wednesday 	
John Neslage
06/01/2000 08:03:35 AM
Thank you for staying so on top of this, Jane.  I really appreciate it 
John
Jane Wilson
06/01/2000 06:19 PM
They're working on the numbers, but it will be ugly.
Thanks, Nick.  I am anxious to get out there soon.  In the meantime I'll send 
a tape of my singing voice.
Nicholas O'Day
10/26/2000 06:04 PM
Steve, hopefully we can lure you out to Tokyo soon, perhaps when there is 
less of a crowd. 
(I can't help but think that the reason that you are not coming is to avoid 
singing that little piece from Puccini's Madam Butterfly at the office 
opening.)
kind  
Nick:
I was wondering if it would be a big problem if I end up not being able to 
attend the grand opening.  I really want to attend, but I am having some 
scheduling problems.
Please let me know if my missing the event would create any problems.  (I 
know I'm important, but I'm sure it would be ok for me to miss.)
Steve
Steve said ok to both classes.
Enron Energy Services
Steve:
I would like to register for Applied Finance (March 2-3) & Derivatives I 
(April 4-5).  They are $700 per class.  Please let me know if this is a 
problem.
Many thanks!
Stacey 
The attached expense report has been approved by Steve Kean, Exec VP & Chief 
of Staff.
Calvin Eakins
10/27/2000 05:02 PM
Ladies and Gentlemen:
Set forth below for your information and review are the expenditures with 
Minority/Women Owned Business Enterprises through September 30, 2000.
Should you have any questions, please contact me at x69500.
Calvin Eakins
Director, Minority & Women Business Development
Enron Global Strategic Sourcing
calvin.eakins@
713/646-9500
Sarah Palmer@ECT
10/27/2000 04:21 PM
Apparently I spoke too soon.  Fourteen ideas were deposited into the 
ThinkBank today -- including entries from Frankfurt, Toronto, London and 
Pleasanton, California.  All levels of employees have participated from 
assistant to senior director.
Sarah Palmer
10/27/2000 02:30 PM
Well, it seems that eThink has another hit.  Twelve people have already put 
well-conceived business ideas into the ThinkBank and we have received 
numerous congratulatory calls.  I won't have site hits until next week, but 
the active participation has been the highest of all our current applications 
on their respective launch day.
Have a great weekend,
Sarah.
=09"IssueAlert"  =0910/27/2000 06:33 AM
=09=09=20
Search SCIENTECH's PowerHitter archive to read about our interview with=20
a leader in the industy:
Toronto Hydro Corporation and Ontario Power Generation announced that they=20
have launched an electronic business transaction (EBT) "hub" that will=20
provide centralized electronic data management and transaction services=20
to local distribution companies (LDCs) and energy retailers in Ontario.=20
Called EBT Express, the exchange will become operational when Ontario's=20
new competitive electricity market opens next spring. Excelergy eXACT=01v,=20
developed by energy software solutions company Excelergy Corporation, will=20
provide the technology infrastructure for EBT Express.
ANALYSIS: This is a significant development, as EBT Express represents=20
the first hub in Canada for retail energy transactions. The site will serve=20
as the central clearinghouse for immediate communication of customer data=20
among hundreds of LDCs and energy retailers in Ontario, and possibly=20
throughout=20
Canada.  I spoke yesterday afternoon with George Caraghiaur, Exelergy's=20
vice president, Canada, about EBT Express. Caraghiaur believes that the=20
site "will provide the essential technology for opening Ontario's electricity=20
market in an efficient manner." That is no small undertaking as there are=20
an expected 300 players that will need to communicate with each other in=20
Ontario once competition begins.
Deregulation is happening in Canada on a province-by-province basis (much=20
like it is happening state-by-state in the U.S.). Thus far, only Ontario=20
and Alberta have set dates when electric customers will be able to select=20
a new energy supplier. Ontario is scheduled to become competitive next=20
spring, and presently is the only region in which EBT Express will be=20
operational.=20
Alberta uses a point-to-point transaction process, which represents a very=20
complex model. Caraghiaur believes that the value of EBT Express will be=20
clearly seen, and there will be many opportunities for the hub in Alberta=20
and elsewhere.
The Ontario Energy Board (OEB), which is the equivalent of a state PUC,=20
mandated the use of electronic business transactions (EBTs). The EBTs work=20
as follows: Once a customer selects a new energy supplier, the energy=20
supplier=20
and the local distribution company (LDC) must continue to share information=20
about that customer. This proprietary data, shared strictly on a one-to-one=20
basis between the energy supplier and the LDC only, will include billing,=20
usage and payment information. Essentially, an LDC will read the meter=20
and send usage information to the energy supplier, who will calculate its=20
portion of a customer's bill and in turn send this data back to the LDC,=20
which will submit the customer bill. This represents a common way for billing=20
in Ontario, although there are other options including consolidated billing=20
that originates from the energy supplier and split billing coming from=20
both the LDC and energy supplier. No customer information will be exchanged=20
until competition officially begins in Ontario, which now appears to be=20
in the spring of 2001, although the technology infrastructure supplied=20
by Excelergy is already in place.
In response to the OEB's mandate, Toronto Hydro Corp. and Ontario Power=20
Generation=01*the largest players in electricity distribution and generation=20
in Ontario=01* became equity partners in the $7.7 million joint venture to=20
create EBT Express. All customer data will be contained within EBT Express,=20
which is supported by the eXACT technology. Excelergy eXACT is a software=20
solution that translates, validates, manages and delivers data exchanged=20
among users. The functionality of eXACT has been used in several U.S. states,=20
including Pennsylvania and New Jersey. In fact, eXACT was introduced to=20
gas and electricity retailers in the United States in 1999 as a component=20
of Excelergy ABP=01v, a billing and customer information solution. Allegheny=20
Energy Supply, a subsidiary of Allegheny Energy, was one U.S. utility that=20
I know of that used the Excelergy technology.=20
Caraghiaur contends that EBT Express will play an important role in enhancing=20
the competitive market in Ontario. "There are presently 37 licensed retailers=20
in Ontario, 15 pending retailers and 246 LDCs," Caraghiaur told me. "You=20
can imagine the cloud of communication pathways that would occur between=20
all these players without a centralized hub such as EBT Express." The number=20
of LDCs seemed awfully high to me, but Caraghiaur explained that in Ontario=20
many LDCs serve only a small number of customers, often 100 customers or=20
less. This should change as consolidation reduces the number of LDCs in=20
Ontario but, when compared to the United States, Ontario still will have=20
a comparatively high number of distribution companies.=20
Caraghiaur cited Pennsylvania as an example of a market that has tried=20
to assimilate communication among many market participants. Pennsylvania,=20
along with most other U.S. states, still uses electronic data interchange=20
(EDI) as its standard, wherein every LDC has a slightly different=20
interpretation=20
of data that is shared through the EDI. This can often cause communication=20
inconsistencies and retailers may have a difficult time in getting ready=20
for deregulation. "EBT Express will be in the position to enforce standards,"=20
says Caraghiaur. "The use of XML in particular will enhance communication=20
between market participants."
In fact, XML (extensible market language) is the cornerstone of eXACT as=20
it constructs a standardized language so that data can be exchanged but=20
still understood by different applications. Caraghiaur claims that Excelergy=20
is on the forefront of XML technology, which was expressly stipulated in=20
the EBT standards developed by the Advisory Committee to the Ontario Energy=20
Board. XML is a common language used on the Internet that makes it easier=20
and more cost-effective for buyers and sellers to exchange data between=20
applications and data sources that otherwise might have been incompatible.=20
In addition, Excelergy's eXACT software is object-oriented, allowing for=20
easy and rapid change from one program to another.=20
Clearinghouse exchanges are definitely a trend in the energy industry.=20
Whereas states that previously deregulated, such as California and=20
Pennsylvania,=20
did not use a centralized clearinghouse for customer information, states=20
and provinces now formulating their restructuring plans often mandate them.=20
For instance, Excelergy's competitor Logica has a market data clearinghouse=20
built for the Midwest market. Also, the ERCOT-ISO has teamed with Andersen=20
Consulting on a similar market data clearinghouse for the Texas unbundling,=20
scheduled for pilot in the summer of 2001 and full market opening in January=20
2002.
One concern that market participants may have is the sharing of customer=20
data through EBT Express, especially when it is backed by potential=20
competitors=20
in the Ontario market such as Toronto Hydro and Ontario Power. Caraghiaur=20
responded to this by saying that the OEB mandated the exchange of customer=20
information through an EBT structure. However, market participants are=20
not mandated to participate in EBT Express. They could opt to still exchange=20
information on a point-to-point basis, although Caraghiaur believes that=20
EBT Express offers a much more efficient forum for the transfer of customer=20
data. In addition, Caraghiaur reiterated that no proprietary or competitive=20
information would be accessible between any parties other than the LDC=20
and energy supplier involved in the exchange.
Interestingly, Toronto Hydro and Ontario Power may be competitors when=20
the Ontario market opens next year. Toronto Hydro Corp. owns Toronto=20
Hydro-Electric=20
System Limited, a regulated electricity distribution system, and Toronto=20
Hydro Energy Services, a competitive energy service company. Ontario Power=20
Generation is an electricity generating company, so Toronto Hydro and Ontario=20
Power will be competing on the retail level to acquire energy supply=20
contracts=20
with lucrative customers. And rumor has it that venerable retail giant=20
Sears is also taking a look into becoming an energy retailer in Canada=20
next year. As Canada continues to deregulate and attract energy suppliers,=20
Excelergy anticipates that the EBT Express could serve a national market.
=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D
For a an in-depth perspective on the market potential of distributed=20
technologies,=20
SCIENTECH is offering Stephens Inc.'s (Investment Banker) 97-page report,=20
"Powering the Digital Economy" on its Website at:=20
free for a limited time only.=20
=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D
SCIENTECH is pleased to provide you with your free, daily IssueAlert. Let=20
us know if we can help you with in-depth analyses or any other SCIENTECH=20
information products. If you would like to refer a colleague to receive=20
our free, daily IssueAlerts, please reply to this email and include their=20
full name and email address or register directly at:
Sincerely,
Will McNamara
Director, Electric Industry Analysis
wmcnamara@scientech.com
=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D
Feedback regarding SCIENTECH's IssueAlert should be sent to=20
wmcnamara@scientech.com
=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D
SCIENTECH's IssueAlerts are compiled based on independent analysis by=20
SCIENTECH=20
consultants.  The opinions expressed in SCIENTECH's IssueAlerts are not=20
intended to predict financial performance of companies discussed or to=20
be the basis for investment decisions of any kind.  SCIENTECH's sole purpose=20
in publishing its IssueAlerts is to offer an independent perspective=20
regarding=20
the key events occurring in the energy industry, based on its long-standing=20
reputation as an expert on energy and telecommunications issues.
If you do not wish to receive any further IssueAlerts from SCIENTECH, please=20
reply to this message and in the body of the email type "remove."
I would drop the second sentence (it's a bit convoluted).  I would also like 
to look at what else the ad says -- ie how are the quotes introduced, what 
other quotes will be used, etc 
Jeffrey Keeler
10/30/2000 09:54 AM
Steve:
The Pew Center on Climate Change is planning an advertisement to run in a 
special supplement to the Washington Post and International Herald Tribune 
around the time of COP 6 climate treaty meetings in the Hague in November, 
and they would like to include a quote from Ken Lay.   A similar quote was 
included a Pew Washington Post ad that ran in April 2000.
I've revised it a bit to read:   "Enron supports market-based initiatives 
that create efficient, cost-effective and environmentally sound energy 
systems.  As a company, we use our global networks to provide innovative 
solutions that help the world meet its energy needs while reducing greenhouse 
gas emissions."
Unfortunately, they have given me very short notice and would like an answer 
by COB today.   If you could let me know sometime today if this is OK to run, 
I'd appreciate it.
Thanks,
Jeff
Jeffrey Keeler
Director, Environmental Strategies
Enron
1775 Eye Street, N.W.  Suite 800
Washington, D.C.  20006
(202) 466-9157 phone
(202) 331-4717 fax
(800) 502-6856 pager
Need comments ASAP - - need to send out today.
Please get the list of people I interviewed (and their resumes) from Allison 
Bailey and confirm with her that if the attached spreadsheet shows a "y" next 
to their name that means they received an offer (if "n" then no offer).  I 
would like to email those i interviewed who recieved offers
Mary Alison Bailey@ECT
10/30/2000 03:20 PM
Please call or e-mail candidates who have received "offers".All of your hard 
work paid off - you have a great list of "offers".  These students have all 
been called and will receive a letter/packet by the end of the week.
Wiley Cauthen
10/30/2000 05:29 PM
Chris Jensen, Executive Director of the Florida Energy Pipeline Association, 
has learned from some DEP agency contacts that the Alliance (operating behind 
the front organization known as Friends of the Aquifer, Inc.) has decided to 
drop their lawsuits appealing the denials of their petitions to more severely 
regulate pipelines in Florida.  While this is good news for those of us 
fighting the war here in Florida, the reason for this withdrawal of their 
appeals of failed efforts on three different petitions at the state level in 
Florida is because of their belief that their current activity at the Federal 
level holds greater promise of success and their desire to concentrate their 
resources in that effort.
My thoughts on this is that the pipeline industry should get organized and 
execute a "full court press" defense which is proactive as we move into 
increased future efforts at the  Federal level by the Alliance through their 
other front organizations.  These organizations have been created to burden 
pipeline competition to benefit the maritime interests.
From my vantage point I am limited to mostly what I see in the press, but  
these front organization are winning the battle in the national press that I 
have seen and heard.  AOPL and INGAA do not come across in the press as being 
equipped or prepared to handle the shaping of the pipeline safety issues in 
the press that these Alliance front organizations have been doing.
Our Enron government affairs folks in Washington are knowledgeable, 
experienced and capable. They have been through this battle and other battles 
in the past.  So this is not a criticism, but just a friendly observation 
from a remote vantage point, that if the entire pipeline industry does not 
develop a proactive plan to shape the issues in the national media during the 
next year, we will find it very difficult or perhaps impossible to come out 
of Congress with legislation that is reasonable and workable from a safety 
regulation perspective.  It has been my experience with the Alliance in the 
past, that to any extent they are successful,  they will then multiply their 
efforts and broaden their field of attack.
The issue is not safety of pipelines, but competition for the transportation 
of energy.  We have an industry that can be very proud of it's record of 
safety, economic benefits, reliability, public service, energy efficiency and 
environmentally favorable service when compared to any other mode of 
transporting energy.  We have learned from our experiences, research and 
mistakes in the past and will continue to learn in the future so that future 
pipeline service will be even better for our people whom we serve 
Our entire energy pipeline industry (natural gas and petroleum) needs to 
shape the issues in the national press and tell our very good story so the 
politicians are not overrun with public opinion shaped by our maritime 
competition. 
Thanks for your interest.  This is a "heads-up" that is probably not needed, 
but I felt that there might be something in it that would help with a very 
difficult current and future issue.
Kelly Kimberly@MUNICATIONS
Sent by: Stacy Walker@MUNICATIONS
10/30/2000 04:55 PM
I am pleased to advise you that Enron will be one of the sponsors of the 2000 
Synergy Awards, an annual event organized by the Citizens' Environmental 
Coalition.  The Synergy Awards are given "in recognition of progress, 
achievement, hard work and/or resourceful stewardship in a broad spectrum of 
environmental endeavors."
The sponsorship will allow Enron 8 seats at the awards ceremony, which will 
be the evening of Wednesday, November 8, at the Main Street Theater at 
Chelsea Market.  They are describing it as "lighthearted and informal, 
featuring comedians from Houston's Radio Music Theater."
Are you or any members of your team are interested in attending?  If so, 
please respond to Stacy Walker at x3-3583.
Thanks, Kelly
calendar
Gina Taylor
10/30/2000 03:39 PM
In response to an anticipated low participation rate in the Nov. 15 Vision 
and Values meeting, we are rescheduling the Vision and Values meeting to 
Tuesday, Nov. 14, from 2-3:30 in eb8c1.
Please plan to attend this rescheduled meeting.  Please let me know if you 
are unavailable for the meeting.
Thanks!
Gina
x37681
Rosie and Sherrie:  Jeff Ken and Joe wanted to discuss the attached.  Joe this is the same document I forwarded to you earlier.
Mary Clark@
02/28/2000 06:58 AM
Steve, I've attached the results of the focus groups as per my notes from the 
meetings.  Let me know if you need anything else.
The attached letter is being delivered this morning to the FERC 
commissioners.  Since the letter concerns a matter currently pending before 
the commission it will also be served on the parties.  We plan to talk to the 
press about it as well.  A number of other companies and organizations are 
also submitting letters and we have helped prepare an EPSA filing which 
focusses specifically on California.  Our best information at this point is 
that the FERC staff report regarding California is generally accurate, and 
therefore, favorable.  While it will mention periodic exercises of market 
power, it is expected to lay blame for California's woes at the feet of 
California's own decisions about market structure.  It is further expected 
that the report will not provide a basis for ordering refunds.  On the other 
hand, the Commission's order (to be considered tomorrow along with the 
staff's report) is expected to at least put refunds on the table for comment 
and to discuss, and perhaps implement, further price caps.  This is just our 
best guess at this point.  the Commission has put special emphasis on putting 
the report and order under wraps until wednesday.
Rosalee Fleming
10/30/2000 06:00 PM
My mistake, but no reason to stop the presses.
Tim Belden@ECT
10/31/2000 08:33 AM
I just noticed one minor error.  I think that you are trying to highlight 
that Terry Winter, the Chief Executive Officer of the ISO voted against the 
proposal.  In the text, you say the Chairman of the ISO.  There is no 
Chairman of the ISO.  There is a Chairman of the Board of the ISO -- Jan 
Smutney-Jones -- who has consistently voted against the price caps since 
June.  Sorry for the delay in getting back to you.
thanks.  the letter is already out, but we will be accurate in follow up 
calls and in press interviews.
Tim Belden@ECT
10/31/2000 08:33 AM
I just noticed one minor error.  I think that you are trying to highlight 
that Terry Winter, the Chief Executive Officer of the ISO voted against the 
proposal.  In the text, you say the Chairman of the ISO.  There is no 
Chairman of the ISO.  There is a Chairman of the Board of the ISO -- Jan 
Smutney-Jones -- who has consistently voted against the price caps since 
June.  Sorry for the delay in getting back to you.
Steven J Kean
10/31/2000 08:34 AM
The attached letter is being delivered this morning to the FERC 
commissioners.  Since the letter concerns a matter currently pending before 
the commission it will also be served on the parties.  We plan to talk to the 
press about it as well.  A number of other companies and organizations are 
also submitting letters and we have helped prepare an EPSA filing which 
focusses specifically on California.  Our best information at this point is 
that the FERC staff report regarding California is generally accurate, and 
therefore, favorable.  While it will mention periodic exercises of market 
power, it is expected to lay blame for California's woes at the feet of 
California's own decisions about market structure.  It is further expected 
that the report will not provide a basis for ordering refunds.  On the other 
hand, the Commission's order (to be considered tomorrow along with the 
staff's report) is expected to at least put refunds on the table for comment 
and to discuss, and perhaps implement, further price caps.  This is just our 
best guess at this point.  the Commission has put special emphasis on putting 
the report and order under wraps until wednesday.
Rosalee Fleming
10/30/2000 06:00 PM
Any interest?
"Vidar J. Jorgensen"  	10/31/2000 05:27 PM
Dear  Steve,
?
I am sending this to Jeff Skilling, but?I wanted  to send you a copy as well 
to make sure it got into the right hands.? This  is a big idea that Enron is 
especially well positioned to benefit from.? I  will telephone you to follow 
up.
?
Sincerely,
?
Vidar J. Jorgensen 
Global Cash  Exchange
500 West Cummings Park 
Suite 5200 
Woburn, MA? 01801
P:? 781-939-2572
F:? 781-939-2574
Cell P:? 781-929-2965
vidar@cbinet.com
?
?
?
?
October 31, 2000 
Mr. Jeffrey K. Skilling P: 713-853-6161
President & COO F: 713-646-8381
Enron jeff.skilling@ 
1400 Smith Street
Houston, TX 77002
E-Mail Subject: GlobalCashExchange can establish Enron with corporate CFOs  
and treasurers worldwide
Dear Jeff:
I have worked with Ken Lay and others at Enron through the World Economic  
Development Congress where we brought together ministers of finance and oil  
immediately prior to the IMF/World Bank Meeting. 
InfrastructureWorld, of which I am co-founder and vice chairman, has 
recently  received $10 million each in funding from the IFC division of the 
World Bank and  Bechtel. GlobalCashExchange is a separate, but related 
business. We have the  plan, the experienced management team and proven 
technology, and we will be  selecting major financial institution as a 
partner. 
At the request of our corporate CFOs we are developing an internet based  
exchange for foreign exchange, short-term cash and credit that could give 
Enron  a powerful product to sell to corporations worldwide. I have attached 
and  executive summary and a business plan. I would like to discuss this with 
you at  your earliest convenience.
Major sources of trade, development and investment friction and inefficiency  
in large developing countries in particular include the facilitation of 
foreign  exchange, short term cash, credit and working capital transactions. 
This is a  source of high cost and frustration even for major global 
corporations, and for  middle and smaller corporations these are even greater 
burdens. Today there are  no reliable and continuous flowing price sources 
for softer currencies as there  are for hard currencies. Even the larger soft 
currencies like the Real or Rupee  are quoted only 3 to 4 times a day on 
Reuters, and the only spot quotes are  available from traders who are 
motivated to benefit from a large spread. The  GlobalCashExchange will allow 
buyers to transact at the middle of the interbank  spread. There are lots of 
Internet based foreign exchanges, and none that I have  actually seen support 
buyer to buyer transactions.
GlobalCashExchange will develop an Internet based exchange for foreign  
exchange, short term cash and credit. The goal is to reduce costs of such  
transactions. Global Cash Exchange can also greatly enhance capital 
formation  and the formation of local capital markets in developing 
countries. This is a  large and complex undertaking where we will need to be 
partnering with one or a  group of major financial institutions like 
Citibank, Cantor Fitzgerald, State  Street Bank, Schwab and the World Bank. 
As you know, the Foreign Exchange (FX) market is the largest and most  
participated financial market in the world with over $1.5 trillion exchanges  
daily throughout the world. There is no central market place for FX  
transactions: all FX transactions are conducted through a network of banks dealers and brokers. Approximately 2/3 of FX transactions involve banks 
dealing  directly with each other. The potential market for short term cash 
and credit  --which will ultimately reduce the need for foreign exchange 
transactions -- is  even larger.
We are funding this internally and are starting to develop outside investor  
support. We have established great partnerships with organizations such as  
Standard & Poor's and Medley Global Advisors ), for ratings and content on the site, VMAC (a  division of FSA that has 
patented the concept of providing pooled credit  enhancement facilities 
for revolving credit enhancement  facilities and 
Gen3Partners (  for strategic and  technological 
advice. Transactions that cannot be matched can be cleared through  
Deerhurst, a leading foreign exchange fund manager who has agreed to provide  
liquidity from day one. We also know that we can purchase insurance for 
around  $7 billion of annual transactions for just under $1M a year. GCX is 
now at a  point that it has answered most of the questions that we had. We 
have a  commitment from Ashton Technologies for full build out of SEC 
approved  technology in exchange for equity. This technology has been used 
successfully  for more complex securities transactions and allows for many 
equity market  facilities that Forex markets do not currently have such as 
reserve book, limit  order and so forth. A description of the Ashton 
technology and an executive  summary that we use for our corporate clients 
are attached. 
We have good corporate support through World Research Advisory (WRA), an  
affiliated provider of research for corporate treasurers. WRA supplies 
Gartner  and Forrester type subscription research and advisory services to 
global 2000  companies. The contact list includes the CFO's of the following 
companies, many  of whom have agreed to participate in the Global Cash 
Exchange:
ALCOA  
ALLSTATE INSURANCE COMPANY  
AT&T  
BELLSOUTH CORPORATION  
CHUBB CORPORATION  
CNF TRANSPORTATION, INC COMPAQ  
CONTINENTAL AIRLINES, INC DELL  
DUPONT  
DYNEGY, INC.
EXIDE CORPORATION
FDX CORPORATION  
FEDERAL RESERVE BANK OF CHICAGO  
FORD MOTOR CORPORATION  
FPL ENERGY, INC
GENZYME CORPORATION  
GILLETTE COMPANY  
HALLMARK CARDS INC HEWLETT-PACKARD  
INTERNATIONAL PAPER  
KPMG  
LOCKHEED MARTIN CORPORATION  
LITTON INDUSTRIES  
LUCENT TECHNOLOGIES  
MASTERCARD  
MCDONALDS CORPORATION  
MERCK & COMPANY  
MERISEL, INC MICROSOFT CORPORATION  
MOTOROLA, INC NORDSON CORPORATION  
ORACLE CORPORATION  
PECO ENERGY COMPANY  
PEOPLESOFT  
PEPSICO, INC PHILIP MORRIS COMPANIES INC  
PPF INDUSTRIES  
RYDER SYSTEM, INC SCHOLASTIC CORPORATION  
SEAGATE TECHNOLOGY, INC SEALY, INC SIEMENS  
SONOCO PRODUCTS CO SUN MICROSYSTEMS  
U.S. POSTAL SERVICE  
WESTINGHOUSE
So we have willing and interested contacts at Global 2000  companies.
I will telephone you to follow up. I can be reached by telephone at  
781-939-2572, by fax at 781-939-2574 and via e-mail at  
v.jorgensen@worldcongress.com.
Sincerely,
?
Vidar J. Jorgensen
GlobalCashExchange
Attachments: 
1. IFC World Bank Press Release (00-0926-06)
2. Ashton Technology Product Description (00-1025-03)
3. Executive Summary for prospective corporate clients (00-1018-06)
4. GCX Business Plan 
Chairman and CEO
Enron Corporation
1400 Smith Street
Houston, Texas 77002
P: 713-853-6088
F: 713-853-3129
Donald Lassere
President 
Enron Broadband Services
1400 Smith Street
P: 713-853-6341
F: 713-646-8795
donald_lassere@.net
00-1031-03/jm
- 00-1031-03.doc
- 00-0926-06.doc
- 00-1018-06.doc
- 00-1025-03.doc
- gcxbusinessplan (3).doc
Joe Hartsoe, Rick Shapiro, or Jim Steffes can fill you in on the details of 
what FERC did today.  One question you need to think about is how their 
decision on price caps affects any contracts which we may have indexed to 
California's spot market.  The way it reports the market clearing price will 
change fundamentally if prices over 150 will be accepted but not used to 
clear the market for all bids.  So, if we are using this as a reference price 
in our contracts it may trigger the need to look for alternatives.
Ann M Schmidt
11/01/2000 10:37 AM
USA: FACTBOX-FERC details changes for Calif power market.
11/01/2000
Reuters English News Service
(C) Reuters Limited 2000.
WASHINGTON, Nov 1 (Reuters) - The U.S. Federal Energy Regulatory Commission 
on Wednesday approved several actions to revamp California's power market 
over the next two years. 
Immediate changes include the following:
* Eliminate requirement that three utilities - Pacific Gas & Electric, San 
Diego Power and SoCal Edison - must sell all of their power to and buy all 
their power from the state Power Exchange (PX * Require market participants to schedule 95 percent of their transactions in 
the day-ahead markets to reduce chronic underscheduling of load and 
generation and over-reliance on the ISO's real-time imbalance market to meet 
supply. FERC also proposed a penalty charge for scheduling deviations in 
excess of 5 percent of hourly load requirements. 
* Temporary modification of the single-price auction so bids above $150 MWh 
cannot set the market clearing price paid to all bidders. 
* Establish independent, non-stakeholder governing boards for the California 
Power Exchange (PX) and Independent System Operator (ISO * Create congestion management design proposal. 
* Establish generation inter-connection procedures. 
* Explore alternatives to the single price auction by the ISO and PX. 
* Develop market rules to ensure sufficient supply is available to meet load 
and reserve requirements. 
FERC also approved changes to protect wholesale customers from unreasonable 
rates during the time it will take to adopt longer-term market remedies. The 
following price mitigation measures will remain in effect until Dec. 31, 
2002: 
* Single-price auctions for all sales in the ISO and PX markets at or below 
$150 MWh. The single price would be used for all load which clears below this 
amount in the auction. 
* If an auction does not clear below the $150 MWh level, suppliers who choose 
to bid above $150 would be paid their price bid. In other words, the highest 
bid of the day, if above $150 per MWh, would no longer be the clearing price 
paid by all. 
* Sellers receiving above $150 per MWh would be required to report their bids 
to FERC on a weekly basis and provide certain cost information to the agency. 
* The ISO and PX would be required to report monthly information on such 
bids, allowing FERC to monitor competitive conditions and assure just and 
reasonable rates. Sellers would be subject to potential refund liability but 
no lower than their marginal or opportunity cost if FERC finds 
non-competitive conditions. The potential refund liability would extend the 
full 24 months it would take to implement the market reforms.
I am out of town.
Joe - can you attend?
Laura Evans@EES
10/31/2000 02:27 PM
This is a reminder of the meeting with Jew Don Boni on Thursday, November 2 
from 12:00 to 2:00 in EB 872..Lunch will be provided....Please confirm that 
you will be attending......Thanks, Laurie
Please ask Ken to sign the following.  But, in the Advisory Council letter 
delete the reference to the December Board meeting and check with Ken on 
whether he still plans to brief the Enron Board at the December meeting (I 
believe he talked to Kelly Kimberly about this).
Susan Worthen@_DEVELOPMENT
10/31/2000 10:37 AM
Steve,
Per our meeting yesterday, attached are the draft letters from Ken Lay to the 
Board and Advisory Council.  l will deliver a box of Annual Reports today so 
that they can be delivered to Rebecca Carter once the letters are signed and 
returned to you. 
Please call me if there are any questions.
Susan Worthen
Director
Environmental Compliance, Enron Corp
713/646-6579  713/345-6164 fax
3AC 1525
I think it looks good.  a few suggestions though:
I haven't read the whole reprt so I can't say for sure that it alleges no 
price gouging (make sure to forward this to Jeff ... my e-mail is slow on the 
road).  We can say though, that instead of blaming generators and marketers 
the report blames the structure of the market for California's woes.
I think we should shorten the quote to something like " the reprt is 
consistent with what we have said all along.
We should say that the scheduling penalties part of the order will "penalize 
utilities for underscheduling" not predicting.
Hedging is not about holding pirces down so much as it is about protecting 
people from wild price swings ... that's what allowing utilities to buy 
outside the spot should help do.
(Also, my title is just EVP and Chief of Staff)
JMandelker@aol.com
11/01/2000 03:32 PM
Thanks for talking to me about this article for this Friday's eBiz.
Please read it over and let me have comments tomorrow morning (Thursday). it
goes live 5 p.m. Thursday evening.
Sorry for AOL -- my Notes is wreaking havoc today.
(Jeff -- Steve confirmed that the report said power sellers did not exercise
market power or price gouging, so I put it in the article.)
Take care,
Jeannie
- FERC Report.doc
Did Ken ask us to sponsor it or just consider it?  I'm wondering what if 
anything we gain from such an investment, but I have an open mind on it.
Joe Hillings
10/30/2000 08:35 AM
Joe Hillings
Enron
1775 Eye Street, NW
Suite 800
Washington, DC  20006
202-466-9145
202-828-3372 (fax)
email:  jhillin@
Steve: Reference is made to the letter Ken Lay forwarded to you asking Enron 
to support the dinner at which The Nixon Center will present to AIG CEO Hank 
Greenbert their annual architect of Peace Award. I would recommend that Enron 
sponsor a table at the rate of $10,000. Linda and I could co-host the table 
and invite others as our guests. Please review and advise. Joe
I'm normally not a big fan of conferences, but this one may be of interest I think it may be of even more interest if we don't speak: it's possible some 
utilities may say some of the same things we would say, but they may be less 
likely to do so if we speak and they feel they have to respond.  Let me know 
what you think.
info@kingpublishing.com on 04/11/2000 11:32:54 AM
Please respond to info@kingpublishing.com
The Energy Daily, the Edison Electric Institute, and the Electric Power 
Research Institute are co-sponsoring a summit on the vital issue of 
reliability in the energy industry.? This meeting will be held May 31, 2000 
in Washington, DC at the Edison Electric Institute's conference center. 
At this summit, we'll examine: 
* The need for new transmission lines and gas pipelines and how serious 
consumer opposition is to these factors. 
* Longer term generation requirements and how much is needed and the 
obstacles facing these requirements. 
* The role of TRANSCOs & ISOs in assuring reliability. 
* Plus, much more! 
REGISTER TODAY as seating is limited!? Please click on the following address 
to review the conference. 
If you have any difficulty, call (800) 926-5464 and we will fax the summit 
flyer immediately. 
Forward this email to your colleagues for we offer group discounts. 
If you wish to be excluded from any future mailings, reply with "remove" in 
the subject header.? We honor all "remove" requests. 
?
- info.vcf
My only comment relates to the Azurix reference  ... it's not a significant 
part of the biz and things have changed recently.  i don't think it merits 
reference.
Rick Buy@ECT
10/23/2000 02:59 PM
Steve- can you have someone take a look at the attached article and give me 
your thoughts. There is a lot of information in there that I did not provide 
but they must be picking up from literature. Thanks, Rick
jlam@owc.com on 10/23/2000 11:37:05 AM
Hi Rick,
As we discussed this morning.
,
James
James Lam
09/01/2000 05:09 PM EDT
Hi Rick,
Thank you again for spending time with Alan and me this week on the Enron case
study for my book.  Attached for your review is a draft that we put 
together.  I
think you will be happy with the tone and content of the case.  Otherwise,
please call me to discuss any changes you might have.
(See attached file: 17_Enron-am-jl.doc)
Note that the case makes reference to three charts that you said you would 
email
to me:
Organizational chart of the RAC Group and summary descriptions (we will use
this information to update this section of the case)
Dashboard approval sheet (cartoon version)
1-page flow chart of Board transaction approval process
Please provide these three charts and any changes you might have by Friday,
9/15.  Thanks.
,
James
212-541-8100
- 17_Enron-am-jl.doc
John -- I'm copying Janine and Barb on this message as they are most likely 
to be able to identify someone.
Janine and Barb -- could one of you get in touch with John?
John Stokes@AZURIX
11/02/2000 06:45 AM
Once again, I come to you for help.  We were awarded a biosolids dewatering 
contract in Grand Rapids, Michigan about a month ago.  We had bid against the 
incumbent, a company called Synagro.  You may recall that Azurix is in 
litigation with Syangro over a busted acquisition, but the two events are not 
related.  In any case, we were low bidder, and the recommendation was made to 
award the contract to us.  Synagro has been working to get the award 
overturned, and appears to have been successful.  It is not yet clear whether 
they are going to award the deal to Synagro, or re-bid.  It is not even clear 
what the grounds are for overturning the award, which indicates that it may 
be pure politics 
Do we have any good political consultants that could help us in Grand 
Rapids?  We do not have much of a presence in that area, and were responding 
to a publicly advertised bid.  Price and technical qualifications were the 
only issues.  Politics did not enter into it until now, so we were caught a 
little flat-footed 
Any suggestions 
congratulations on a great launch!  The US press on the office opening has 
been great.  If you haven't seen it, get in touch with Ann Schmidt.
Nicholas O'Day
11/02/2000 04:15 AM
Preliminary figures for the Enron Japan website are looking promising. Since 
its launch on Tuesday, we have had 4000 page hits, with an average of 320 
site hits per day and an average stay of 20 minutes.
Advertising to date has been limited to the 300 guests at the office opening 
and the office opening press conference. We will be increasing awareness of 
the site over the coming weeks, mainly through word of mouth, and will 
finalize the articles for next month's edition in a couple of weeks.
kind  
I believe the registration deadline for the Nov 7 election has passed.  I'll 
ask Eliz to forward the registration materials to you so you can be ready for 
the next election.  Also, if you were registered in Harris County before you 
may still be on the rolls at your old precinct ... you should ask.
A G Gelotti@_DEVELOPMENT
11/02/2000 12:36 AM
Steve,
My wife and I have been out of the country and have not registered to vote 
nor do we have absentee ballots to vote.  Any suggestions on how we can vote?
Sent by: Enron Announcements@
Avoid the crunch on election day by voting early 
ENRON is providing employees with
complimentary shuttle service
from the Enron Building to the downtown early voting site!!
Thursday, November 2 
and 
Friday, November 3 
1319 Texas Avenue @ Austin Street
7:00 am until 7:00 pm
(transportation by Beal's - pick-up on the West end of Andrews Street)
In order to vote early at this site, 
you must be registered in Harris County 
and present your drivers license for ID verification
(your voter registration card is not necessary)
Please take advantage of this opportunity and VOTE!!
For election-related questions, please reference this website:
www.co.harris.tx.us/cclerk/elect.htm
I don't want to disrupt building a more collegial relationship here, but I 
have some concerns about their reticence to sound more positive about 
reaching agreement on our two key issues.  Can we put the question 
differently:  what are the barriers to their concurrence and what can we do 
together to address those barriers?  If the barriers for EEI are 
insurmountable because of the recalcitrance of a few members, can they 
facilitate a dialogue between us and a more progressive group?
James D Steffes
11/01/2000 05:25 PM
Sounds positive.  I think that both sides are realistic but willing to work 
together.  I think we need to keep this going forward.  If we let this hang 
out too long, we could lose the momentum.
Jim
"Ed Comer"  	11/01/2000 04:54 PM
Thanks for getting back to me so soon. 
I think you did a good job of summarizing our discussions, both as to content 
and context..  I fully understand what your two most important issues are and 
that you are optimistic we can come together on the other issues Nevertheless, the details are important as to all of those issues.  I look 
forward to talking more both about the details and about the business 
elements that underlie our views of the issues.  I agree that whatever 
happens as to outcome, these kinds of discussions are far more beneficial 
than mutual demonization 
I expect to be able to talk to my principles at EEI next Monday (our 
Financial Conference is just finishing up in San Francisco - I understand 
Enron had someone there).  Once I do, I will get back to you. 
In the meantime, I 'm absorbing the California Order and would be glad to 
share impressions with you when we talk.
Ed 
>> "Richard Shapiro Ed- Thanks again for breakfast and for the very  good discussion we had on a
wide- ranging set of issues. Here's where I believe we ended the discussion: 
1)
On the range of issues( that were addressed in the document we forwarded to 
you
and that we worked from) that would likely be addressed next congress relative
to electricity reform, the bottom line was that while there were many issues 
on
which we voiced  our diffrences, mandatory RTO participation and
non-discriminatory access to transmission,i.e;unbundling,  are the two 
critical
issues from our perspective. While our discussion revealed the continuing
diffrences we have on the resolution of those issues and the " political"
hurdles EEI faces with certain of its members to reach consensus on them, we
both felt further meetings and continued discussion were  warranted . On the
remaining issues ( other than the two just mentioned)  for which diffrences 
were
articulated and discussed, I indicated that we fully understood your concerns
and that Enron was sufficiently flexible on those issues to have a high degree
of confidence that they would ultimately be  removed as a source of 
disagreement
between us.  Again, I come back to the two critical issues mentioned above -
those issues must be adequately addressed as laid out in our earlier document
for this process to come to fruition and for comprehensive federal legislation
to make any sense for us. With that said, remember that we were quite 
receptive
to appropriate incentives being included as part of mandatory RTO particpation
as well as to tax concerns your members must have addressed.
We also discussed the joint
CEO letter that would be sent post - election that would jointly affirm our
mutual desire to get competitive electricity markets functioning well in the
next administration  and continued to agree on the value of that effort,
Next steps( my proposal):
1) EEI
prepare first draft of CEO letter for discussion.
2) Schedule next meeting for more intensive 
discussion
on key issues ( 4- 6 hour meeting)
Ed,
thanks again for taking the time to continue the dialogue- despite the 
distance(
on issues) that still exists between our respective organizations, I feel that
this is a doable exercise if the necessary commitment is made to the process. 
No
matter the ultimate outcome, I believe that one positive result  that has and
will continue to come from this process is a better understanding of our
respective viewpoints and a recognition that the mutual  demonization that has
occoured in the past is completely counterproductive. Talk to you soon.
SAVE THE DATE 
We have scheduled a date for the end of year PRC meeting for Public Affairs.
DATE:  Saturday, December 9th  (yes - it really is on a Saturday)
TIME:  8:30 a.m. until ???? (however long it takes)
PLACE: Houston, some place in the Enron building   Room to be announced at a later date.
I am very interested in pursuing this and I believe Enron presents an ideal 
case study for the purposes you outlined.  I am copying Christie Patrick on 
this message and asking her to coordinate this for us.  Christie has worked 
on other case studies and will be very helpful in navigating Enron for you.
Don Sull  	11/03/2000 10:46 AM
Steve,
Wanted to thank you again for reviewing the strategy as simple rules 
article.  It is forthcoming in the next Harvard Business Review and will send 
you some reprints once the magazine hits the newsstands. 
Also wanted to gauge your interest in a possible even at the Harvard Business 
School in April 2001.  We are currently finalizing our plans for the 
Entrepreneurial Manager--a first year course on entrepreneurship taken by all 
1,000 of our MBA students.  As part of the course, we will feature an 
entrepreneurial company as the capstone class in the course.  Last year we 
featured Intuit, taught an Intuit case study and hosted Scott Cook who spoke 
to the entire MBA class.  The session was a huge success--the highest rated 
class in our course and had a lasting impact on how our students think about 
entrepeneurship.  We were wondering whether you and your colleagues might be 
interested in being our featured company this year 
If you decided to proceed, we would first write a case study focused on the 
process of creating new ventures within Enron.    The case would probably 
consist of three portions:  an overview of the Enron corporation, an in-depth 
description of one or two ventures successfully formed in the past, and a 
profile of someone currently attempting to start a new venture within 
Enron.   In preparing the case, we would draw heavily on existing case 
studies, articles, and book chapters profiling Enron to avoid duplicating 
effort.   We would then supplement our desk research by interviewing 
approximately 15-20 Enron employees, including top management team members 
(especially Ken Lay and Jeff Skilling), some folks involved in past ventures, 
and the people currently attempting to start a new venture.  Each interview 
would take approximately 60 minutes.  We could probably complete the bulk of 
the interviews in a two to three day visit to Enron, supplemented by 
telephone interviews.  The ideal timing for these interviews from our 
perspective would be the last week of November or the first few weeks of 
December.  We would then return to Boston, write a draft of the case and then 
submit that to you for review and clearance in January.  We could then make 
any last minute changes before distributing the case to the students for the 
April discussion 
In addition to writing the case study, we would like to invite a group of 
Enron executives to HBS when we discuss the case in April.    The ideal date 
would be the 27th of April, but we could schedule the Enron day the 23rd, 
24th or 25th if the 27th were impossible for you.  Last year Intuit sent 
along six folks--some junior, some senior--each of whom sat in at least one 
of our class discussions.  In addition, Scott Cook spoke to the entire MBA 
class.  We would like to follow the same format this year, so it would be 
super if either Jeff or Ken (or in the best of all worlds, both!) could speak 
to the MBAs as a whole.  With Intuit last year, we kicked off at about 8:30 
and wrapped everything up by approximately 1:00.  We would shoot for roughly 
similar timing this year 
Many of our students equate entrepreneurship with start-ups, and this day is 
designed to show them that it is possible (although extremely difficult) for 
large companies to be entrepreneurial.  As such, you and your colleagues 
would be providing an invaluable service to our students, and we would be 
deeply grateful for your contribution.  The event might also have some direct 
benefits to Enron in terms of increased profile among our students.  If you 
were interested, we could also explore opportunities to leverage this event 
to further increase Enron's profile as a leader of the New Economy.  We 
might, for instance, bundle the case study with a teaching note and edited 
video as a module on "entrepreneurship in large companies" and distribute it 
to other business schools through Harvard Business School press.  My 
colleagues and I would be most grateful for your cooperation and would be 
happy to explore ways that you might increase your return on the time 
invested 
Please let me know if this opportunity might be of interest to you and your 
colleagues and how you would like to proceed.  I very much look forward to 
hearing from you 
Don
Donald N. Sull
South Hall 211
Harvard Business School
Boston, MA  USA  02163
dsull@hbs.edu
telephone:  617 496 7179
fax:  617 495-3817
home page assistant:  Maurie SuDock (617 495-6473) 
Let's add Rick, Jim and me
Elizabeth Linnell
11/02/2000 05:05 PM
Let's put one in your name and one in Linda's.
Thanks!
Eric Benson
11/02/2000 03:56 PM
As a follow up to your  email I spoke to Janet Butler again about the ability 
to view FERC meetings.  Jan told me that the password is not tied to one 
location.  The password works for all locations.  A location equals a 
person/user.  The only requirement is to have Real Video access which Jan 
informs me is on the ENA Lan.  My understanding from Jan Butler is that the 
cost is $90 per user/location per month.
I will send the request to Jan to add two users/locations per your request Jan will need names for the locations.  Do you want the locations to be in 
your name and Steve's or how do you want to set that up.
Eric
Eric - A couple of questions:
- Is the subscription dedicated to a particular user name, or is it something 
like a membership number? It would be helpful to be able to be able to watch 
the big meetings on one of the plasma screens, which would work with either 
login method.  If the subscription is tied to a membership number we could 
use any machine as the projecting machine.
- Is Real Video part of the Enron standard offering, special software that 
we'd need to order, or a freebie we can download like RealPlayer?
Thanks!
Eric Benson
11/02/2000 08:24 AM
Mr. Kean 
Per your request, I spoke to Janet Butler yesterday after the FERC meeting on 
options available to our group to view FERC meetings.  Janet told me that 
Shelley's group has an annual contract with Capitol Connection that costs 
$500 plus $90 for every additional connection annually.  The contract is 
being renewed in the next week.  Janet indicated that Shelley's group pays 
the charges and bills to our cost center.
Capitol Connection allows access to all other FERC meetings, such as the 
California Wholesale Conference.   We need to have Real Video access in order 
to view the meetings.
Eric
EIS Billing
11/03/2000 10:42 AM
PLEASE E-MAIL ALL BILLING ISSUES TO "CLIFFORD.JACKSON@" OR TO THE 
SPECIFIC SOURCE OF THE PROBLEM(S) AS DETAILED BELOW:       Year 2000 changes:
Phone charges:  Phones are being charged to the person's company and cost 
center where possible, otherwise to the rent location.  The description will 
start with People\ or Room\ unless it was entered manually at the source.
Data connections:  One connection is being charged for each room instead of 
one connection for each port in a room.
Attached  are spreadsheets with the detail supporting the expenses for all 
the various services provided by Enron Information Services. 
EIS billings for items attached to the room, such as phones and data ports, 
and people specific services for contractors, such as LAN ID's and AT&T 
calling cards, are billed to the same company and cost center as room rent in 
EB, 2AC, 3AC, or JF.  For Omaha, EIS uses a phone database maintained by 
Tammy Anderson for this purpose 
People-specific services are billed to the company and cost center 
corresponding to the employee's SAP company and department. Video conference 
usage, data circuits, Ardmore usage, EDI, and web site billings are based on 
a company and cost center furnished by the resource using the service.
EIS bills services on a one month lag.  We take a snapshot of the Corporate 
Administrative Services rent file for each room in EB and 3AC, of the Omaha 
phone database for each room in Omaha, and of the SAP company and cost center 
for each employee.  This snapshot is taken about the 21st of each month for 
use as a source for billing information 
Please examine these billings for accuracy.  If the billings are incorrect, 
generally speaking either the rent should be corrected by contacting 
Corporate Administrative Services or the person should be moved to the 
correct SAP department by contacting the HR representative.  If the room 
number is incorrect on the phone or long distance billings, this may be 
corrected by sending the room number along with the telephone number to Notes 
Mail ID "Move-Team".
EIS Billing
11/03/2000 10:42 AM
PLEASE E-MAIL ALL BILLING ISSUES TO "CLIFFORD.JACKSON@" OR TO THE 
SPECIFIC SOURCE OF THE PROBLEM(S) AS DETAILED BELOW:       Year 2000 changes:
Phone charges:  Phones are being charged to the person's company and cost 
center where possible, otherwise to the rent location.  The description will 
start with People\ or Room\ unless it was entered manually at the source.
Data connections:  One connection is being charged for each room instead of 
one connection for each port in a room.
Attached  are spreadsheets with the detail supporting the expenses for all 
the various services provided by Enron Information Services. 
EIS billings for items attached to the room, such as phones and data ports, 
and people specific services for contractors, such as LAN ID's and AT&T 
calling cards, are billed to the same company and cost center as room rent in 
EB, 2AC, 3AC, or JF.  For Omaha, EIS uses a phone database maintained by 
Tammy Anderson for this purpose 
People-specific services are billed to the company and cost center 
corresponding to the employee's SAP company and department. Video conference 
usage, data circuits, Ardmore usage, EDI, and web site billings are based on 
a company and cost center furnished by the resource using the service.
EIS bills services on a one month lag.  We take a snapshot of the Corporate 
Administrative Services rent file for each room in EB and 3AC, of the Omaha 
phone database for each room in Omaha, and of the SAP company and cost center 
for each employee.  This snapshot is taken about the 21st of each month for 
use as a source for billing information 
Please examine these billings for accuracy.  If the billings are incorrect, 
generally speaking either the rent should be corrected by contacting 
Corporate Administrative Services or the person should be moved to the 
correct SAP department by contacting the HR representative.  If the room 
number is incorrect on the phone or long distance billings, this may be 
corrected by sending the room number along with the telephone number to Notes 
Mail ID "Move-Team".
EIS Billing
11/03/2000 11:03 AM
PLEASE E-MAIL ALL BILLING ISSUES TO "CLIFFORD.JACKSON@" OR TO THE 
SPECIFIC SOURCE OF THE PROBLEM(S) AS DETAILED BELOW:       Year 2000 changes:
Phone charges:  Phones are being charged to the person's company and cost 
center where possible, otherwise to the rent location.  The description will 
start with People\ or Room\ unless it was entered manually at the source.
Data connections:  One connection is being charged for each room instead of 
one connection for each port in a room.
Attached  are spreadsheets with the detail supporting the expenses for all 
the various services provided by Enron Information Services. 
EIS billings for items attached to the room, such as phones and data ports, 
and people specific services for contractors, such as LAN ID's and AT&T 
calling cards, are billed to the same company and cost center as room rent in 
EB, 2AC, 3AC, or JF.  For Omaha, EIS uses a phone database maintained by 
Tammy Anderson for this purpose 
People-specific services are billed to the company and cost center 
corresponding to the employee's SAP company and department. Video conference 
usage, data circuits, Ardmore usage, EDI, and web site billings are based on 
a company and cost center furnished by the resource using the service.
EIS bills services on a one month lag.  We take a snapshot of the Corporate 
Administrative Services rent file for each room in EB and 3AC, of the Omaha 
phone database for each room in Omaha, and of the SAP company and cost center 
for each employee.  This snapshot is taken about the 21st of each month for 
use as a source for billing information 
Please examine these billings for accuracy.  If the billings are incorrect, 
generally speaking either the rent should be corrected by contacting 
Corporate Administrative Services or the person should be moved to the 
correct SAP department by contacting the HR representative.  If the room 
number is incorrect on the phone or long distance billings, this may be 
corrected by sending the room number along with the telephone number to Notes 
Mail ID "Move-Team".
EIS Billing
11/03/2000 11:03 AM
PLEASE E-MAIL ALL BILLING ISSUES TO "CLIFFORD.JACKSON@" OR TO THE 
SPECIFIC SOURCE OF THE PROBLEM(S) AS DETAILED BELOW:       Year 2000 changes:
Phone charges:  Phones are being charged to the person's company and cost 
center where possible, otherwise to the rent location.  The description will 
start with People\ or Room\ unless it was entered manually at the source.
Data connections:  One connection is being charged for each room instead of 
one connection for each port in a room.
Attached  are spreadsheets with the detail supporting the expenses for all 
the various services provided by Enron Information Services. 
EIS billings for items attached to the room, such as phones and data ports, 
and people specific services for contractors, such as LAN ID's and AT&T 
calling cards, are billed to the same company and cost center as room rent in 
EB, 2AC, 3AC, or JF.  For Omaha, EIS uses a phone database maintained by 
Tammy Anderson for this purpose 
People-specific services are billed to the company and cost center 
corresponding to the employee's SAP company and department. Video conference 
usage, data circuits, Ardmore usage, EDI, and web site billings are based on 
a company and cost center furnished by the resource using the service.
EIS bills services on a one month lag.  We take a snapshot of the Corporate 
Administrative Services rent file for each room in EB and 3AC, of the Omaha 
phone database for each room in Omaha, and of the SAP company and cost center 
for each employee.  This snapshot is taken about the 21st of each month for 
use as a source for billing information 
Please examine these billings for accuracy.  If the billings are incorrect, 
generally speaking either the rent should be corrected by contacting 
Corporate Administrative Services or the person should be moved to the 
correct SAP department by contacting the HR representative.  If the room 
number is incorrect on the phone or long distance billings, this may be 
corrected by sending the room number along with the telephone number to Notes 
Mail ID "Move-Team".
EIS Billing
11/03/2000 10:42 AM
PLEASE E-MAIL ALL BILLING ISSUES TO "CLIFFORD.JACKSON@" OR TO THE 
SPECIFIC SOURCE OF THE PROBLEM(S) AS DETAILED BELOW:       Year 2000 changes:
Phone charges:  Phones are being charged to the person's company and cost 
center where possible, otherwise to the rent location.  The description will 
start with People\ or Room\ unless it was entered manually at the source.
Data connections:  One connection is being charged for each room instead of 
one connection for each port in a room.
Attached  are spreadsheets with the detail supporting the expenses for all 
the various services provided by Enron Information Services. 
EIS billings for items attached to the room, such as phones and data ports, 
and people specific services for contractors, such as LAN ID's and AT&T 
calling cards, are billed to the same company and cost center as room rent in 
EB, 2AC, 3AC, or JF.  For Omaha, EIS uses a phone database maintained by 
Tammy Anderson for this purpose 
People-specific services are billed to the company and cost center 
corresponding to the employee's SAP company and department. Video conference 
usage, data circuits, Ardmore usage, EDI, and web site billings are based on 
a company and cost center furnished by the resource using the service.
EIS bills services on a one month lag.  We take a snapshot of the Corporate 
Administrative Services rent file for each room in EB and 3AC, of the Omaha 
phone database for each room in Omaha, and of the SAP company and cost center 
for each employee.  This snapshot is taken about the 21st of each month for 
use as a source for billing information 
Please examine these billings for accuracy.  If the billings are incorrect, 
generally speaking either the rent should be corrected by contacting 
Corporate Administrative Services or the person should be moved to the 
correct SAP department by contacting the HR representative.  If the room 
number is incorrect on the phone or long distance billings, this may be 
corrected by sending the room number along with the telephone number to Notes 
Mail ID "Move-Team".
EIS Billing
11/03/2000 10:42 AM
PLEASE E-MAIL ALL BILLING ISSUES TO "CLIFFORD.JACKSON@" OR TO THE 
SPECIFIC SOURCE OF THE PROBLEM(S) AS DETAILED BELOW:       Year 2000 changes:
Phone charges:  Phones are being charged to the person's company and cost 
center where possible, otherwise to the rent location.  The description will 
start with People\ or Room\ unless it was entered manually at the source.
Data connections:  One connection is being charged for each room instead of 
one connection for each port in a room.
Attached  are spreadsheets with the detail supporting the expenses for all 
the various services provided by Enron Information Services. 
EIS billings for items attached to the room, such as phones and data ports, 
and people specific services for contractors, such as LAN ID's and AT&T 
calling cards, are billed to the same company and cost center as room rent in 
EB, 2AC, 3AC, or JF.  For Omaha, EIS uses a phone database maintained by 
Tammy Anderson for this purpose 
People-specific services are billed to the company and cost center 
corresponding to the employee's SAP company and department. Video conference 
usage, data circuits, Ardmore usage, EDI, and web site billings are based on 
a company and cost center furnished by the resource using the service.
EIS bills services on a one month lag.  We take a snapshot of the Corporate 
Administrative Services rent file for each room in EB and 3AC, of the Omaha 
phone database for each room in Omaha, and of the SAP company and cost center 
for each employee.  This snapshot is taken about the 21st of each month for 
use as a source for billing information 
Please examine these billings for accuracy.  If the billings are incorrect, 
generally speaking either the rent should be corrected by contacting 
Corporate Administrative Services or the person should be moved to the 
correct SAP department by contacting the HR representative.  If the room 
number is incorrect on the phone or long distance billings, this may be 
corrected by sending the room number along with the telephone number to Notes 
Mail ID "Move-Team".
EIS Billing
11/03/2000 11:03 AM
PLEASE E-MAIL ALL BILLING ISSUES TO "CLIFFORD.JACKSON@" OR TO THE 
SPECIFIC SOURCE OF THE PROBLEM(S) AS DETAILED BELOW:       Year 2000 changes:
Phone charges:  Phones are being charged to the person's company and cost 
center where possible, otherwise to the rent location.  The description will 
start with People\ or Room\ unless it was entered manually at the source.
Data connections:  One connection is being charged for each room instead of 
one connection for each port in a room.
Attached  are spreadsheets with the detail supporting the expenses for all 
the various services provided by Enron Information Services. 
EIS billings for items attached to the room, such as phones and data ports, 
and people specific services for contractors, such as LAN ID's and AT&T 
calling cards, are billed to the same company and cost center as room rent in 
EB, 2AC, 3AC, or JF.  For Omaha, EIS uses a phone database maintained by 
Tammy Anderson for this purpose 
People-specific services are billed to the company and cost center 
corresponding to the employee's SAP company and department. Video conference 
usage, data circuits, Ardmore usage, EDI, and web site billings are based on 
a company and cost center furnished by the resource using the service.
EIS bills services on a one month lag.  We take a snapshot of the Corporate 
Administrative Services rent file for each room in EB and 3AC, of the Omaha 
phone database for each room in Omaha, and of the SAP company and cost center 
for each employee.  This snapshot is taken about the 21st of each month for 
use as a source for billing information 
Please examine these billings for accuracy.  If the billings are incorrect, 
generally speaking either the rent should be corrected by contacting 
Corporate Administrative Services or the person should be moved to the 
correct SAP department by contacting the HR representative.  If the room 
number is incorrect on the phone or long distance billings, this may be 
corrected by sending the room number along with the telephone number to Notes 
Mail ID "Move-Team".
EIS Billing
11/03/2000 11:03 AM
PLEASE E-MAIL ALL BILLING ISSUES TO "CLIFFORD.JACKSON@" OR TO THE 
SPECIFIC SOURCE OF THE PROBLEM(S) AS DETAILED BELOW:       Year 2000 changes:
Phone charges:  Phones are being charged to the person's company and cost 
center where possible, otherwise to the rent location.  The description will 
start with People\ or Room\ unless it was entered manually at the source.
Data connections:  One connection is being charged for each room instead of 
one connection for each port in a room.
Attached  are spreadsheets with the detail supporting the expenses for all 
the various services provided by Enron Information Services. 
EIS billings for items attached to the room, such as phones and data ports, 
and people specific services for contractors, such as LAN ID's and AT&T 
calling cards, are billed to the same company and cost center as room rent in 
EB, 2AC, 3AC, or JF.  For Omaha, EIS uses a phone database maintained by 
Tammy Anderson for this purpose 
People-specific services are billed to the company and cost center 
corresponding to the employee's SAP company and department. Video conference 
usage, data circuits, Ardmore usage, EDI, and web site billings are based on 
a company and cost center furnished by the resource using the service.
EIS bills services on a one month lag.  We take a snapshot of the Corporate 
Administrative Services rent file for each room in EB and 3AC, of the Omaha 
phone database for each room in Omaha, and of the SAP company and cost center 
for each employee.  This snapshot is taken about the 21st of each month for 
use as a source for billing information 
Please examine these billings for accuracy.  If the billings are incorrect, 
generally speaking either the rent should be corrected by contacting 
Corporate Administrative Services or the person should be moved to the 
correct SAP department by contacting the HR representative.  If the room 
number is incorrect on the phone or long distance billings, this may be 
corrected by sending the room number along with the telephone number to Notes 
Mail ID "Move-Team".
What are our chances of final approval at FERC at the JUly meeting.  Jeff 
still thinks this is a third quarter close.  Do we have any chance of making 
that happen?
Paul Kaufman@ECT
04/12/2000 09:02 AM
Attached is the April 12 update.  Also attached is an electronic copy of a 
prior update faxed last week 
EIS Billing
11/03/2000 10:42 AM
PLEASE E-MAIL ALL BILLING ISSUES TO "CLIFFORD.JACKSON@" OR TO THE 
SPECIFIC SOURCE OF THE PROBLEM(S) AS DETAILED BELOW:       Year 2000 changes:
Phone charges:  Phones are being charged to the person's company and cost 
center where possible, otherwise to the rent location.  The description will 
start with People\ or Room\ unless it was entered manually at the source.
Data connections:  One connection is being charged for each room instead of 
one connection for each port in a room.
Attached  are spreadsheets with the detail supporting the expenses for all 
the various services provided by Enron Information Services. 
EIS billings for items attached to the room, such as phones and data ports, 
and people specific services for contractors, such as LAN ID's and AT&T 
calling cards, are billed to the same company and cost center as room rent in 
EB, 2AC, 3AC, or JF.  For Omaha, EIS uses a phone database maintained by 
Tammy Anderson for this purpose 
People-specific services are billed to the company and cost center 
corresponding to the employee's SAP company and department. Video conference 
usage, data circuits, Ardmore usage, EDI, and web site billings are based on 
a company and cost center furnished by the resource using the service.
EIS bills services on a one month lag.  We take a snapshot of the Corporate 
Administrative Services rent file for each room in EB and 3AC, of the Omaha 
phone database for each room in Omaha, and of the SAP company and cost center 
for each employee.  This snapshot is taken about the 21st of each month for 
use as a source for billing information 
Please examine these billings for accuracy.  If the billings are incorrect, 
generally speaking either the rent should be corrected by contacting 
Corporate Administrative Services or the person should be moved to the 
correct SAP department by contacting the HR representative.  If the room 
number is incorrect on the phone or long distance billings, this may be 
corrected by sending the room number along with the telephone number to Notes 
Mail ID "Move-Team".
EIS Billing
11/03/2000 10:42 AM
PLEASE E-MAIL ALL BILLING ISSUES TO "CLIFFORD.JACKSON@" OR TO THE 
SPECIFIC SOURCE OF THE PROBLEM(S) AS DETAILED BELOW:       Year 2000 changes:
Phone charges:  Phones are being charged to the person's company and cost 
center where possible, otherwise to the rent location.  The description will 
start with People\ or Room\ unless it was entered manually at the source.
Data connections:  One connection is being charged for each room instead of 
one connection for each port in a room.
Attached  are spreadsheets with the detail supporting the expenses for all 
the various services provided by Enron Information Services. 
EIS billings for items attached to the room, such as phones and data ports, 
and people specific services for contractors, such as LAN ID's and AT&T 
calling cards, are billed to the same company and cost center as room rent in 
EB, 2AC, 3AC, or JF.  For Omaha, EIS uses a phone database maintained by 
Tammy Anderson for this purpose 
People-specific services are billed to the company and cost center 
corresponding to the employee's SAP company and department. Video conference 
usage, data circuits, Ardmore usage, EDI, and web site billings are based on 
a company and cost center furnished by the resource using the service.
EIS bills services on a one month lag.  We take a snapshot of the Corporate 
Administrative Services rent file for each room in EB and 3AC, of the Omaha 
phone database for each room in Omaha, and of the SAP company and cost center 
for each employee.  This snapshot is taken about the 21st of each month for 
use as a source for billing information 
Please examine these billings for accuracy.  If the billings are incorrect, 
generally speaking either the rent should be corrected by contacting 
Corporate Administrative Services or the person should be moved to the 
correct SAP department by contacting the HR representative.  If the room 
number is incorrect on the phone or long distance billings, this may be 
corrected by sending the room number along with the telephone number to Notes 
Mail ID "Move-Team".
EIS Billing
11/03/2000 11:03 AM
PLEASE E-MAIL ALL BILLING ISSUES TO "CLIFFORD.JACKSON@" OR TO THE 
SPECIFIC SOURCE OF THE PROBLEM(S) AS DETAILED BELOW:       Year 2000 changes:
Phone charges:  Phones are being charged to the person's company and cost 
center where possible, otherwise to the rent location.  The description will 
start with People\ or Room\ unless it was entered manually at the source.
Data connections:  One connection is being charged for each room instead of 
one connection for each port in a room.
Attached  are spreadsheets with the detail supporting the expenses for all 
the various services provided by Enron Information Services. 
EIS billings for items attached to the room, such as phones and data ports, 
and people specific services for contractors, such as LAN ID's and AT&T 
calling cards, are billed to the same company and cost center as room rent in 
EB, 2AC, 3AC, or JF.  For Omaha, EIS uses a phone database maintained by 
Tammy Anderson for this purpose 
People-specific services are billed to the company and cost center 
corresponding to the employee's SAP company and department. Video conference 
usage, data circuits, Ardmore usage, EDI, and web site billings are based on 
a company and cost center furnished by the resource using the service.
EIS bills services on a one month lag.  We take a snapshot of the Corporate 
Administrative Services rent file for each room in EB and 3AC, of the Omaha 
phone database for each room in Omaha, and of the SAP company and cost center 
for each employee.  This snapshot is taken about the 21st of each month for 
use as a source for billing information 
Please examine these billings for accuracy.  If the billings are incorrect, 
generally speaking either the rent should be corrected by contacting 
Corporate Administrative Services or the person should be moved to the 
correct SAP department by contacting the HR representative.  If the room 
number is incorrect on the phone or long distance billings, this may be 
corrected by sending the room number along with the telephone number to Notes 
Mail ID "Move-Team".
EIS Billing
11/03/2000 11:03 AM
PLEASE E-MAIL ALL BILLING ISSUES TO "CLIFFORD.JACKSON@" OR TO THE 
SPECIFIC SOURCE OF THE PROBLEM(S) AS DETAILED BELOW:       Year 2000 changes:
Phone charges:  Phones are being charged to the person's company and cost 
center where possible, otherwise to the rent location.  The description will 
start with People\ or Room\ unless it was entered manually at the source.
Data connections:  One connection is being charged for each room instead of 
one connection for each port in a room.
Attached  are spreadsheets with the detail supporting the expenses for all 
the various services provided by Enron Information Services. 
EIS billings for items attached to the room, such as phones and data ports, 
and people specific services for contractors, such as LAN ID's and AT&T 
calling cards, are billed to the same company and cost center as room rent in 
EB, 2AC, 3AC, or JF.  For Omaha, EIS uses a phone database maintained by 
Tammy Anderson for this purpose 
People-specific services are billed to the company and cost center 
corresponding to the employee's SAP company and department. Video conference 
usage, data circuits, Ardmore usage, EDI, and web site billings are based on 
a company and cost center furnished by the resource using the service.
EIS bills services on a one month lag.  We take a snapshot of the Corporate 
Administrative Services rent file for each room in EB and 3AC, of the Omaha 
phone database for each room in Omaha, and of the SAP company and cost center 
for each employee.  This snapshot is taken about the 21st of each month for 
use as a source for billing information 
Please examine these billings for accuracy.  If the billings are incorrect, 
generally speaking either the rent should be corrected by contacting 
Corporate Administrative Services or the person should be moved to the 
correct SAP department by contacting the HR representative.  If the room 
number is incorrect on the phone or long distance billings, this may be 
corrected by sending the room number along with the telephone number to Notes 
Mail ID "Move-Team".
Thanks, Barb.
Barbara A Hueter
11/03/2000 02:15 PM
John Stokes. Laird Smith and I spoke with Eric Schneidewind this afternoon Varnum is currently representing the city on isolated matters.  Varnum is 
approaching the city attorney to obtain a waiver of any conflict of interest 
so that they may engage in lobbying activities on Azurix's behalf.  Eric is 
very confident that the city attorney will issue with waiver.  Varnum made it 
clear that should Azurix lose the contract and wish to engage in any legal 
action against the city, then Azurix would not be able to use Varnum b/c of 
their existing relationship with the city.  John assured Eric that it is 
extremely unlikely that Azuriz would ever pursue legal action against the 
city.
John Stokes has asked that Varnum deal directly with Tom Maxwell in the 
Edmonton office once the waiver is obtained.
They will keep us posted on progress.
Barbara A Hueter
11/03/2000 09:26 AM
I have spoken with Eric Schneidewind our attorney at Varnum, Riddering, 
Schmidt and Howlett in Lansing.  He is contacting other attorneys in the firm 
to follow up on this immediately.  Varnum is one of the two major west 
Michigan law firms and is based in Grand Rapids 
John Stokes and I have spoken.  As soon as I learn anything from our 
attorneys, I will be in contact with him.
I also have a call into our lobbying firm, Karoub Associates.  I doubt that 
they could be more effective than Varnum on this one, but I want them in the 
loop b/c they might have some pull with key officials in Grand Rapids.
I will keep you posted.
John -- I'm copying Janine and Barb on this message as they are most likely 
to be able to identify someone.
Janine and Barb -- could one of you get in touch with John?
John Stokes@AZURIX
11/02/2000 06:45 AM
Once again, I come to you for help.  We were awarded a biosolids dewatering 
contract in Grand Rapids, Michigan about a month ago.  We had bid against the 
incumbent, a company called Synagro.  You may recall that Azurix is in 
litigation with Syangro over a busted acquisition, but the two events are not 
related.  In any case, we were low bidder, and the recommendation was made to 
award the contract to us.  Synagro has been working to get the award 
overturned, and appears to have been successful.  It is not yet clear whether 
they are going to award the deal to Synagro, or re-bid.  It is not even clear 
what the grounds are for overturning the award, which indicates that it may 
be pure politics 
Do we have any good political consultants that could help us in Grand 
Rapids?  We do not have much of a presence in that area, and were responding 
to a publicly advertised bid.  Price and technical qualifications were the 
only issues.  Politics did not enter into it until now, so we were caught a 
little flat-footed 
Any suggestions 
see resume attached
Attached are a revised org chart and a revised org memo.  Work form these 
drafts to incororate the handwritten changes I have given you.
John Sherriff and I are recommending Carol Hensley (VP Marketing and=20
Communications at Azurix) for a VP position in John=01,s organization.  Carol=20
was a director in the Enron PR group before moving to Azurix.  Her new role=20
would be to support EnronCredit.com.  A critical success factor for=20
EnronCredit.com will be to establish a strong brand in the coming months.
In her time at Azurix, Carol has added significantly to her skills and=20
experience.  I spoke with John Garrison at length about Carol=01,s performance=20
at Azurix.  She has expanded her marketing services skills and provided=20
significant support in the investor relations arena.  Garrison relates that=20
the Azurix commercial leaders view Carol as a partner, informed about the=20
business and instrumental in handling crises and pursuing business=20
opportunities.
John Sherriff and Ken Lay join me in recommending that Carol keep her VP=20
title as she returns to Enron. =20
A copy of Carol's resume is attached.
Attached is the revised draft memo:
Joyce for Steve
If you have not logged onto the PEP system to designate reviewers, or 
approve reviewers for those in your organization, please do so today.
The deadline for completing performance evaluation information is November 
17.  The performance review process is critical to year-end evaluations and 
bonus, promotion and compensation decisions. This year, as in previous review 
periods, the system enables "360 degree" feedback throughout the organization.
Please take some time today to get the process started.
Attached are the committee lists and organizatinal charts.
My copy shows long term comp on the exhibit under "Grant Award".  And yes, 
the date will be revised.
Mark Schroeder@ECT
04/14/2000 03:31 AM
The contract Mark gave me to review yesterday only covers monthly salary.  I 
had expected there to be some discussion/reference to long-term comp plan Mark had mentioned that what he gave me did not deal with certain non-compete 
payments owed to me in 2000, so I am not looking for that, but I did think he 
had said that there was something in the doucment re:long-term, which I 
cannot find.  Please advise if I am missing something.  I will withhold other 
comments for now, except to note that the draft was dated 13 March, and had a 
14 day period before expiry (now passed), and will assume that that is an 
irrelevancy.  Look forward to hearing from one of you. mcs
I will be on the first panel of the FERC California conference on Thursday The format allows a 5 min presentation and then 60 min of Q&A.  I need your 
help to make sure I have "Gore-like" command of the details.  Please help 
with the following information:
Enron project information (Parquet/McCubbin) -- please give me any 
presentations or summaries you have on the generation, or firm purchases, we 
have under way (or planned).  I'll talk with you to find out what we are 
comfortable disclosing but please err on the side of giving whatever 
information you have.
Updated Belden presentation (Hain/Belden) -- I believe the latest information 
was as of August; I think some of the information on the cost of peaking 
facilities is particularly eye-opening on the price cap issue.
Comparison to PJM (Hartsoe/Novosel) -- Is the information we are seeking from 
the ISO and PX similar to information PJM already provides?  If so, it would 
be nice to tie our requests back to something the Commission has already 
approved.
Cancelled DSM projects (Mahoney) -- Again, I'll only use what we feel 
comfortable with, but it would help make our point if we can give examples of 
how price caps backfire when it comes to encouraging conservation.
ISO/PX reports (Dasovich).  I have the ISO market surveillance report.  Is 
there another ISO report?  If so, please get me a copy and provide a copy of 
the PX report too.
CEC/Proposed generation update (Mara/Parquet) -- Need the basic information: 
proposed, waiting for permitting; how much/little the legislation did to 
expedite siting (ie are we still comfortable saying that it applies to less 
than 10 Soft cap(Belden/Hain) -- need a crisp explanation of why the "soft" nature of 
the cap is not sufficient.  Also, would we be OK if the Commission revised it 
to say that bids can be taken above 150 without special filing or reporting 
requirements, but those bids will be accepted at the price bid rather than 
applying to all lower bids as well (ie the highest bid at or below 150 clears 
the market, bids above 150 accepted at price bid as needed)?
Offers we have made/deals done (Parquet/Dasovich/ Mccubbin) -- Roseville plus 
any others, offer made to SDG&E -- I want to make the point that the market 
will provide solutions (below the retail price cap) if we get the utility 
(and the regulators) out of the merchant function.
Herding the cats(Hartsoe/mccubbin/mara/dasovich):  We are asking FERC to be 
courageous, do the right thing and ignore the politics.  To be even halfway 
credible, we can't have IEP, EPSA, Dynegy or anyone else "squishing" on the 
price cap issue..  We have never been closer to reform in California, we need 
these guys on board.
Thanks.
Attached is the presentation I used for a very general update on 
deregulation; it includes some California material.
Looks good
Elizabeth Peters@EES
11/06/2000 08:27 PM
Peggy asked me to forward the draft of a news release.  We would like to fax 
it to three newspapers in New York/New Jersey and are scheduled to release on 
Wednesday at 8:00 am.  Let her know if there are any comments, x57034 Thanks.
Beth Peters
Ricardo -- Mark's organization is on point on this one.
Ricardo Charvel
11/06/2000 05:13 PM
Steve,
Alberto Usobiaga who initially headed Azurix in Mexico is now working for 
Aguas de Barcelona (major share holders: Suez Lyonnaise des Eaux, the Spanish 
Energy Conglomerate ENDESA and the Caixa-Barcelona Pension Funds).
He tells me that he contacted Rebecca Mark and  John Garrison and offered 
them to buy all of Azurix Mexico's business (Cancun, IASA in Mexico City and 
the Leon and Torreon concessions).  There was no clear response.
If the Argentinian Government approves they might be iunterested at taking a 
look at Azurix in Argentina.  They cannot buy Wessex because of regulatory 
issues 
They are certainly ready for Mexico. 
How should I proceed?
Please advise.
Ricardo
Dave Delaney has asked that we accelerate our look at space alternatives in 
Mexico City.  If you assume that you and Jaime and (perhaps) one person from 
EBS remain there, what do you think the cost is (or when can you let me 
know)?
Steven J Kean
11/07/2000 08:59 AM
I will be on the first panel of the FERC California conference on Thursday The format allows a 5 min presentation and then 60 min of Q&A.  I need your 
help to make sure I have "Gore-like" command of the details.  Please help 
with the following information:
Enron project information (Parquet/McCubbin) -- please give me any 
presentations or summaries you have on the generation, or firm purchases, we 
have under way (or planned).  I'll talk with you to find out what we are 
comfortable disclosing but please err on the side of giving whatever 
information you have.
Updated Belden presentation (Hain/Belden) -- I believe the latest information 
was as of August; I think some of the information on the cost of peaking 
facilities is particularly eye-opening on the price cap issue.
Comparison to PJM (Hartsoe/Novosel) -- Is the information we are seeking from 
the ISO and PX similar to information PJM already provides?  If so, it would 
be nice to tie our requests back to something the Commission has already 
approved.
Cancelled DSM projects (Mahoney) -- Again, I'll only use what we feel 
comfortable with, but it would help make our point if we can give examples of 
how price caps backfire when it comes to encouraging conservation.
ISO/PX reports (Dasovich).  I have the ISO market surveillance report.  Is 
there another ISO report?  If so, please get me a copy and provide a copy of 
the PX report too.
CEC/Proposed generation update (Mara/Parquet) -- Need the basic information: 
proposed, waiting for permitting; how much/little the legislation did to 
expedite siting (ie are we still comfortable saying that it applies to less 
than 10 Soft cap(Belden/Hain) -- need a crisp explanation of why the "soft" nature of 
the cap is not sufficient.  Also, would we be OK if the Commission revised it 
to say that bids can be taken above 150 without special filing or reporting 
requirements, but those bids will be accepted at the price bid rather than 
applying to all lower bids as well (ie the highest bid at or below 150 clears 
the market, bids above 150 accepted at price bid as needed)?
Offers we have made/deals done (Parquet/Dasovich/ Mccubbin) -- Roseville plus 
any others, offer made to SDG&E -- I want to make the point that the market 
will provide solutions (below the retail price cap) if we get the utility 
(and the regulators) out of the merchant function.
Herding the cats(Hartsoe/mccubbin/mara/dasovich):  We are asking FERC to be 
courageous, do the right thing and ignore the politics.  To be even halfway 
credible, we can't have IEP, EPSA, Dynegy or anyone else "squishing" on the 
price cap issue..  We have never been closer to reform in California, we need 
these guys on board.
Thanks.
FYI - we had a bomb threat this am.
Karen Denne
11/07/2000 11:25 AM
Shelly just called with some updated (and revised) information:
The location of the threat was our Loop Central Office, 4828 Loop Central 
Drive, suite 620.  It's an office building, and we have about 50 IT and 
software engineers in that office.  There is no signage identifying Enron on 
the building or on the suite.  One of our employees in the office received 
the call.  The police responded, evacuated and searched the building but did 
not find anything.  All employees have returned to the building.  Ch. 13 was 
at the site briefly.
Sherri Sera
11/06/2000 12:26 PM
Network television is developing a "Texas Version" of "Survivor", the
popular TV show 
Contestants must travel from Amarillo through Fort Worth, Dallas, Houston,
San Antonio, and back to Amarillo, through San Marcos and Lubbock... driving
a Volvo with a bumper sticker that reads:
"I'm for Gore, I'm Gay and I'm Here to Take Your Guns".
The first to complete the round trip is the winner.
Jane Wilson@_DEVELOPMENT
11/06/2000 02:38 AM
Sorry to bring more to you but perhaps this is something that Rob Walls could 
easily look through.  Global has a contract that is ready for signing Global is involved as an investor in Razorfinish.com.  The person who is 
supposed to sign the contract is procrastinating as long as possible bec ause 
the contract is not in the interest of Enron.  I told the person not to sign 
it regardless of the pressure from Sanjay.  Hopefully, Rob could get to it.
It's a hoax..  This e-mail made it into a reporter's hands and the reporter 
asked about this in the Clinton-Lazio debates in NY.  CNN covered the hoax 
the next day.
The US Postal Service denied it, of course. By the way, I have never seen a 
letter -- "P" -- following a bill number in the Congressional numbering 
system.
Sherri Sera
11/07/2000 01:33 PM
Do you know if there is any truth to this?  SRS
I don't know how true this is but if it is it is no bueno!
,
Eddie Sera
Enron Broadband Services Inc.
Event Specialist
PH:      713 853-0480
CELL:  713 562-7614
FAX:    713 646-8887
eddie_sera@.net
www.enron.net