- cofin.jpg
Mer Mer: I was amazed to see that they had a record of me it must have been 
when I went streaking through the RICE campus one late night. The campus 
police told me that they were the only ones with the file and that no one 
else would have access. What a complete bummer. Should I call the FBI?
colovista is good with me, late may is good.brad
Tad: I think that you should pay what you think you owe and no more. brad
GaryD: Thanks for your help if you have Panus's please give it to me, you 
keep Rome's. brad
Russ:      TCO   .185 /CNG .25 please call me with some feedback. I have some 
room on the cng. brad
Anne: It was great to see you, you look great and seem happy. I hope all goes 
well for you in the year to come. BT
Rex: I just wanted to thank you once more for doing our tax return. We 
realize that this is a very busy time of the year so  . I 
reviewed the return and everything looked great. Have a great time fishing. 
Brad  
Mary: Please send me prices for the following:
- quail lease
- quail guided hunt
- deer lease
- deer guided hunt
- duck lease
- duck guided hunt
thanks brad mckay
Greg: Thanks for the kind words, I only did what you would have done for me. 
Regarding other job opportunities, I would stick with the organizations that 
are leading the way. I do not know that much about Sprague. Brad
Aunt Kay: Great news. Elijah has been blessed to be a part of such a loving 
family. I can not wait to see the pictures. Please forward my   to the 
to the family. Love to all Brad 
then i want a map similar to the one john mckay has asap. thanks brad
Brad,
I got a better picture of the delay issue when I talked to Keith this morning.  Apparently, his group has lost their server liscence.  As a  consequence they cannot access their materials.  Keith is doing everything he can that does not require the server, and when they regain access, we will get the map out asap.  In the mean time, I am looking into major interconnects as well as storage facilities.  As of now, I don't have a precise timeline on when the server issue will be resolved.  When it occurs, I'll let you know.
Thanks 
Adam
You guys will love this. brad
- ATT279523.txt 
- WHYPALES.MPE 
Rex: You will love this. I hope all is well, see you in Nov. brad
- ATT279523.txt 
- WHYPALES.MPE 
sounds great
do u have your hears on went thru the corvet museum very interesting dad
Brad...Preston's football coach sent this to us..I love the poem...send to
Tiff...Love you, Danna
POC ROCKS I am writing this email to express some concern that I have that has
been gnawing at me over the past week.
It is a concern over a feeling that each of us is having.  It's a
feeling of having too much to do.  Too much practice, too much homework,
too much football, too much baseball, too much of everything!
I caught myself recently telling someone about our kids schedules in an
exacerbated way and after completing my sentence it hit me.  What I
realized was that I was complaining about something that was probably
one of the most wonderful "problems" that a parent or child could have.
To have children that have the ability to play sports, the opportunity
to excel in school and have parents that care enough about them to
support all that they do is a true blessing, not a problem.  I am sure
that there are hundreds of thousands of kids in this city alone that
would pay money to trade places with each of us.
I have found a poem that I wanted to share with each of you that I think
says a lot.  To me it says that we should be setting an example for our
kids.  Encouraging their hard work at school and in sports, not
discouraging it through negative comments about having too much to do.
If we all as parents start to "talk-up" school, practice, football,
baseball, etc. about how fun it is and how great it is to be with such a
great group of kids, the results will be amazing!
Little Eyes Upon You
There are little eyes upon you
and they're watching night and day.
There are little ears that quickly
take in every word you say.
There are little hands all eager
to do anything you do;
And a little boy who's dreaming
of the day he'll be like you.
You're the little fellow's idol,
you're the wisest of the wise.
In his little mind about you
no suspicions ever rise.
He believes in you devoutly,
holds all that you say and do;
He will say and do, in your way,
when he's grown up just like you.
There's a wide eyed little fellow
who believes you're always right;
And his eyes are always opened,
an he watches day and night.
Your setting an example
every day in all you do,
For the little boy who's waiting
to grow up to be like you.
have a safe trip love brad
r at airport searched mothers carry on for 10 min found tweezers
did not know him have a safe trip
did u know charles dill went to lee died in fire here in town at 4 leaf towers was 38 going to TN on friday back on thursday AUDO
Your Message:
we are all good how bout you?
just checking on u how is all the family love dad
for this day. I thank You for my being able to see 
and to hear  today.  I'm blessed because You are a forgiving God 
and an  understanding God. You have done so much for me and You 
keep on blessing me Forgive me this day for everything I have done, said or thought 
that was  not pleasing to you. I ask now for Your forgiveness. 
Please keep me safe  from all danger and harm. Help me to start 
this day with a new attitude and  plenty of gratitude. Let me make 
the best of each and every day to clear my  mind so that I can hear 
from You. Please broaden my mind that I can accept  all things. 
Let me not whine and whimper over things I have no control over And when this world closes in on me, let me remember Jesus' example 
-to  slip away and find a quiet place to pray. It's the best response when 
I'm  pushed beyond my limits. I know that when I can't pray, 
You listen to my  heart. Continue to use me to do Your will. 
Continue to bless me that I may  be a blessing to others. 
Keep me strong that I may help the weak. 
Keep  me uplifted that I may have words of encouragement for 
others. 
I pray  for those that are lost and can't find their way. 
I pray for those that are  misjudged and misunderstood. 
I pray for those who don't know You intimately I pray for those that will delete this without sharing it with 
others I pray for those that don't believe. But I thank you that I 
believe I believe that God changes people and God changes things. 
I pray for all  my sisters and brothers. For each and every family member in 
their  households. 
I pray for peace, love and joy in their homes that they are out  of 
debt and all their needs are met. I pray that every eye that 
reads  this knows there is no problem, circumstance, or situation greater 
than God Every battle is in Your hands for You to fight. 
I pray that these words  be received into the hearts of every eye 
that sees them and every mouth that  confesses them willingly. 
This is my prayer.  In Jesus' Name, Amen If you prayed this prayer, change the number in the subject box 
before  forwarding the message so people can SEE how many people have done 
so God Bless Just repeat this phrase and see how God moves Lord I love you and I need you, come into my heart, please. 
Pass  this message to 8 people except you and me. 
You will receive a miracle  tomorrow. 
Don't ignore and God will bless you. 
Know that you are already  blessed by the person whom sent this 
to you 
i am in, we had a great time.
thursday 4:45p.  let me know if you have a conflict, there will be a callin number.
hope your thanksgiving went well, we had a great trip to all the parent's farms.  pretty ridiculous.
hdt
those boys have wads of cash on hand, i am sure they will pay you handsomely regardless of your decision
That's still true - I was getting worried about Chapter X filings.  A friend in b-school worked at Arco when BP bought them - she got a 1-yr package.  Where do I sign up?
yes  i did, from what you mentioned it seemed as if we are a potential take over targe. 
Did you get the message last night that the banks pulled it out for us? 
anytime after 4 is good
we should get together beforehand to talk. when would you be available? 15 min should do it.
i am in, we had a great time.
thursday 4:45p.  let me know if you have a conflict, there will be a callin number.
hope your thanksgiving went well, we had a great trip to all the parent's farms.  pretty ridiculous.
hdt
thanks santanna for the kind words i will be ok 
Brad,
Hi, I just wanted you to know I was thinking about  you.  I know things will all work out. You are such an awesome  person....there is some company out there that is going to be so lucky to have  you....your great character, ethics, intelligence, personality, faith and of  course your good looks is something no one can pass up!!! I am thinking about  you and I love you!
Danna
Greg: Congratulations once more and thanks for your help.
Greg Hathaway
Office Phone: 804.273.4421
Virginia Power Energy Marketing
5000 Dominion Blvd.
Glen Allen, Virginia 23060
Fax: 804.273.2927
greg_hathaway@dom.com
Greg Hathaway
Office Phone: 804.273.4421
Virginia Power Energy Marketing
5000 Dominion Blvd.
Glen Allen, Virginia 23060
Fax: 804.273.2927
greg_hathaway@dom.com
bmckay@houston.rr.com
Please send me your home e-mail address.
Kimberly Bates
East Gas/Origination
713-853-5193
713-646-8453 Fax
not a problem, good luck brad
Brad,
It was great running your book for the brief amount of time that I did.  In case I get laid off today, would you mind if I used you as a reference?
Thanks
Ashley
Ashley R. Worthing
Enron NetWorks
Risk Management - West Desk 
713-345-3727
www.carrerweb.com
www.energyjobs.com
www.dukeenergy.com
www.williams.com
www.reliantenergy.com
www.nisource.com
www.headhunter.net
www.calpine.com
Kimberly Bates
East Gas/Origination
713-853-5193
713-646-8453 Fax
4:00 goode company seafood
Brad, where are we meeting and when? 
Hdt
Attached is the updated Membership  list.
John R. Wallace
Bacon & Wallace,  L.L.P.
600 Jefferson, Suite 780
Houston, Texas  77002-7395
(713)739-1060
(713)739-0401 FX
jwallace@baconwallace.com
- POCCC - Names & Address.xls 
yes  i did, from what you mentioned it seemed as if we are a potential take over targe. 
Did you get the message last night that the banks pulled it out for us? 
Here are Dad's Numbers:
Mr. Julio S. Laguarta
Laguarta & Company
441 Westmoreland
Houston, TX   77006
Phone #: (713) 520-8196
Home #: 528-3029
Fax: (713) 874-1949
520-9801
Email: julio@MarinaDelReyTX.com
Mobile: 898-1317
POC: 361-983-2357
If you get Mom, wish her a Happy Birthday.  Today is the day.
Graydon Laguarta
McShane Corporation
2700 Via Fortuna, Suite 301
Austin, Texas   78746
Phone: 512-328-7111
Fax:  512-328-7112
Email:  glaguarta@mcshane.com
Web Site:  McShane.com
take me off your list
IntercontinentalExchange                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                =20
Firm Power Price Bulletin                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               =20
For Power Delivered on Wednesday, December  12, 2001                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         =20
(Trade Date of Tuesday, December  11, 2001)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               =20
Click here to access index history
take me off your list
IntercontinentalExchange                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    =20
Firm Physical Natural Gas Price Bulletin                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    =20
For Natural Gas Delivered on Wednesday, December  12, 2001                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           =20
(Trade Date of Tuesday, December  11, 2001)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       =20
Click here to access index history
- ATT279523.txt 
- WHYPALES.MPE 
Well, the move is complete.  Our new home contact info is:
Graydon Laguarta
3217 Park Hills Drive
Austin, Texas   78746
Phone: 512-327-5288
Fax:  512-327-5256
Email:  graydonlaguarta@earthlink.net
My work info is:
Graydon Laguarta
McShane Corporation
2700 Via Fortuna, Suite 301
Austin, Texas   78746
Phone: 512-328-7111
Fax:  512-328-7112
Email:  glaguarta@mcshane.com
Web Site:  McShane.com
sounds good 
FWD: am making my birthday list out to give to you kids has some expensive things on it dont forget NOV- 26
likewise
HAPPY Halloween to you and your family lv AUDO
call me
Brad, if you have a few minutes to get away for lunch, let me know. 
i did and i talked to mom she said it was a good deer congrats
did u get message on deer hunt am i SA lv dad
Congrats, Please feel free to call me to discuss the trading track program. Brad (37699)
Brad,
Thank you for your vote of confidence today.  I'm really grateful to have a shot at the trading track.  It means a lot to me and I promise to work very hard to prove myself 
I was wondering if you would be interested in grabbing a coffee sometime over the next couple weeks.  I'd be very interested to hear your take on the trading track and what you would do if you were in my shoes.
Jason
- intelligentietest.htm 
NGI's Daily Gas Price Index 
Breaking News : posted Nov 7, 9:56 AM
Cross Bay Pipeline to New York City Gets FERC Nod 
FERC granted a final certificate to Cross Bay Pipeline Co. LLC of Houston to assume ownership of a 37-mile portion of Transcontinental Gas Pipeline's Lower New York Bay Extension and add 16,000 hp of compression in Middlesex County, NY, in order to boost gas deliveries into New York City by about 125,000 Dth/d. The Cross Bay project, first announced in January 1998, is estimated to cost $59.5 million. 
Once completed, the compressor station and pipeline would form a new interstate pipeline system that would extend from Middlesex County across the lower New York Bay, all the way to Nassau County, NY. The pipeline's capacity would be more than 600,000 Dth/d, with the additional 125,000 Dth/d of incremental capacity. 
"By expanding the capacity of these existing facilities, Cross Bay Pipeline Co. will be able to create an important gas transportation alternative for New Jersey and New York markets in an economical, efficient manner with minimal impact on the environment," project sponsors said in an earlier statement. 
Williams and Duke Energy each have a 37.5% ownership stake in the limited liability company, while KeySpan, which came on as a third partner in August 1998, owns 25% of Cross Bay (see Daily GPI, July 24, 2000 Since its inception three years ago, the Cross Bay project has undergone some changes in size, cost and design. It originally was scheduled to go into operation in November 2000. 
we will do it soon
bueno, thanks.  let me know when you want to get some beers -
hdt
no, we are setting records on the # of trades. no counterparty issues at this time
are they curtailing your volumes?  counterparties backing off yet?
weekend was good,the place looks good,the boat was fun, we caught trash fish on bait. 
How was your weekend? Did you think the place  looked good? How was the boat?......did you catch any fish? Back  atcha 
the couch is just right, i did make the beds to the best of my ability. i did not use wally wally. i did however leave a pot that was wet on the bottom that created a stain i forgot that granite is a porous rock it absorbed the water quite well i hope that it will dry out if not we will do what is necessary to fix it. i am totally serious about the granite
Do you think the couch looks too big?....did you make the beds good?....did
you use Wally Wally on the walls???....ha > weekend was good,the place looks good,the boat was fun, we caught trash
 fish on bait.