Darla 
I do not show I did any deals outside of EOL with Koch at the Sabine Hub 
during this time frame.  Sitara deal #369260 refers to EOL deal ID 369298. 
I was told you may be the person to help me.   I am a trader on the East gas 
desk working for Scott Neal.  When I was originally set up to operate on EOL  
I  was set up with many more products than I needed.  I am having problems 
with my system being very slow and the suggestion was made to delete 
everything from All Products in stack manager but US Gas.  Are you the person 
who can help me accomplish this?  All other attempts to speed up the editing 
process have been unsuccessful.  Even if this does not help improve the time 
it takes to change a price I would still like to delete these product options 
because it takes me to long to find my products each day. 
Thank You! 
Please set me up for Thursday at 2:00 
THANK YOU!
Volume:  400,000MMBtu during the month of August, 
2000 and 800,000MMBtu during the first 10 days of September, 2000
Price:  Fixed price  as agreed by both parties at 
time of  request  by Duke for a firm price equal to the September NYMEX  +$.01
Delivery Point:  as agreed by both parties 
Please call with questions and concerns.  This e-mail is for discussion 
purposes only and not intended to be complete and all inclusive of the terms 
of the related transaction 
Hi!
I'm so glad everything is going well with the kids - what is Jay 
going to study?  I am worried about Dani driving too - just don't tell me there's no need for both of us to worry (just kidding).  When do they start 
back to school?  Some kids in Houston started this week already.  I so enjoy 
the summer when the traffic is lighter.  I have started getting to work 
earlier between 7:00 - 7:15 so that helps some.  Dick told me his brothers 
Charles & Russell and families are planning to come to Houston for Christmas 
- I started sweating immediately.  What will we do with all these teenagers ANDREW 
Love you & take care of yourself!
Instead of getting married again, I'm going to find a woman I don't like 
and just give her a house   - Lewis Grizzard 
"The problem with the designated driver program, it's not a 
desirable job.  But if you ever get sucked into doing it,have fun with it. 
At the end of the night, drop them off at the wrong house - Jeff Foxworthy 
"See, the problem is that God gives men a brain and a penis, 
and only enough blood to run one at a time Robin Williams 
"If a woman has to choose between catching a fly ball and 
saving an infant's life, she will choose to save the infant's life without 
even considering if there is a man on base   - Dave Barry 
"What do people mean when they say the computer went down on them    -Marilyn Pittman 
"Relationships are hard. It's like a full time job, and we  should treat it 
like one. If your boyfriend or girlfriend wants to leave you,they should give 
you two weeks' notice. There should be severance pay,  and before they leave 
you, they should have to find you a temp - Bob Ettinger 
"My Mom said she learned how to swim when someone took her out in the lake 
and threw her off the boat.  I said, 'Mom, they weren't trying to teach you 
how to swim Paula Poundstone 
"A study in the Washington Post says that women have better 
verbal skills than men. I just want to say to the authors of that study: 
Duh    - Conan O'Brien 
"Why does Sea World have a seafood restaurant?? I'm halfway 
through my fish burger and I realize, Oh my God.... I could be eating a slow 
learner Lynda Montgomery 
"The day I worry about cleaning my house is the day Sears comes out with a riding vacuum cleaner Roseanne 
"I think that's how Chicago got started. A bunch of people in New York 
said,   'Gee, I'm enjoying the crime and the poverty, but it just isn't cold 
enough.  Let's go west    - Richard Jeni 
"If life was fair, Elvis would be alive and all the impersonators would be 
dead   -Johnny Carson 
"Sometimes I think war is God's way of teaching us geography - Paul Rodriguez 
"My parents didn't want to move to Florida, but they turned sixty, and 
that's the law   - Jerry Seinfeld 
"In elementary school, in case of fire you have to line up quietly in a 
single file line from smallest to tallest. What is the logic? Do tall people 
burn slower - Warren Hutcherson 
"Bigamy is having one wife too many. Monogamy is the same   - Oscar Wilde 
"Marriage is a great institution, but I'm not ready for an institution yet Mae West 
"Suppose you were an idiot... And suppose you were a member of 
Congress...But I repeat myself   - Mark Twain 
"Our bombs are smarter than the average high school student. At least they 
can find Kuwait - A. Whitney Brown 
Aw, yes, divorce......., from the Latin word meaning to rip out a man's 
genitals through his wallet    - Robin Williams 
"Women complain about premenstrual syndrome, but I think of it as the only 
time of the month that I can be myself   - Roseanne 
"Women need a reason to have sex. Men just need a place - Billy Crystal 
"You can say any foolish thing to a dog, and the dog will give you a look 
that says, 'My God, you're right! I never would've thought of that    -Dave Barry 
"We have women in the military, but they don't put us in the front lines. 
They don't know if we can fight or if we can kill. I think we can. All the 
general has to do is walk over to the women and say, 'You see the enemy over 
there?  They say you look fat in those uniforms   -Elayne Boosler 
"If you can't beat them, arrange to have them beaten   - George Carlin 
When I die, I want to die like my grandfather who died peacefully in his 
sleep. Not screaming like all the passengers in his car. 
Jerry Ann 
How are you?  Hope everything is going well.  Not much going on here - I 
think I'll go see the new movie with Richard Gere on Friday - wish you were 
here so we could go and sob together.  Drop me a line if you get a chance Say HELLO to the kids!
Love you!
Please contact Kimberly Brown for all the details - she planned the party and 
took care of the final  charge to my account. 
John Craig Taylor
06/14/2000 12:05 PM
 Subject: Fw: Funny quotes from famous people!!