Stephanie,
Can you please authorize my EOL account (ADM59501) so that I can transact internally with the following Tennessee Z-0 physical products:
1) Next day gas
2) Next day plus 1
3) Balance of month physical
All transactions should go to my physical book, ENA-IM-Katy.
Please let me know if you have any questions.
Thanks,
Charlie Weldon
Texas Gas Trading
Thanks Doug,  Can you confirm (or tell me how I can)  that these sample charge are being routed to Co#0413, RC#106230 per my previous note.
Doug,
This note is just to confirm my voicemail message this morning  indicating that the charges for the Fuel Oil sample check for vanadium should be charged to Co# 0413, RC # 106230.  According to the spec sheet I have, the ASTM method for vanadium is D3605 and the units of measurement are ppm (wt).
Again, I appreciate your patience in this frustrating issue.
Charlie
Thanks.  It works.
done
Stephanie,
Can you please authorize my EOL account (ADM59501) so that I can transact internally with the following Tennessee Z-0 physical products:
1) Next day gas
2) Next day plus 1
3) Balance of month physical
All transactions should go to my physical book, ENA-IM-Katy.
Please let me know if you have any questions.
Thanks,
Charlie Weldon
Texas Gas Trading
I live in Wortham Grove neighborhood right near the intersection of 290 and 1960/Hwy 6 so a handoff should be easy.  Where do you live?
Please respond to a"ALL" on this E-mail so I'll get the E-mail at home also.
Thanks,
Charlie Weldon
I'm out of town or I would do it otherwise.
Urgent Request:  We are still needing approximately 10 - 15 volunteers.  If you are available to help us out please email Dolores Muzzy.
We are bringing in Associate Candidates for Super Saturday this upcoming weekend and we are looking for associates to help host our Saturday evening dinner at Teala's, 3210 West Dallas.  The dinner will be from 6:00 p.m. - 8:30 p.m.  If you are available to help out please email Dolores Muzzy.  We will also have another Associate Super Saturday on the weekend of November 30th - December 2nd.  We will be in need again of dinner host for the Saturday evening dinner.  It will be at the same time and also at Teala's.  If you are not available this weekend but would like to participate on the next Associate Super Saturday please email Dolores Muzzy as well 
Thanks for your participation.
Prudential.  Carol Coates???  He said he was working in a 3 person office for a woman,
Where did Vikas go to work again?
YES
YES
Is this your e-mail address.
Call me at home tonight.
Should I buy any stock now.  How is everything going?
UNC/Ga Tech tomorrow on ESPN.  Watch Peppers dominate-Peppers for Heisman.
How is the ticket availability looking?  (for me from you)
I'd still like to play tennis sometime.  I don't have the time nor the money to play much golf.
Speaking of golf and your predictions, would you like to wager on your goal of 70's by Dec '02.  I'll bet you right now at $10 a stroke over/under 80 on a reasonable course (par 72 etc)  of your choice in Houston next December 
Charlie
(future Dynegy employee, hopefully)
Hi Charlie,
I got your message yesterday.  I'm very sorry to hear about your
grandfather.
Sure, I'd be glad to play tennis sometime.  However, I'd rather practice
golf.  With all the computer work I've been doing, I really started to
miss doing something competitive.  So, rather than tennis, I'm focusing
on a new challenge, and I decided to get good at golf.
I know you'll laugh at all this, but I'm approaching it the same way I
did tennis and baseball.  I'm watching and practicing.  I've been
working at it for about a month.  Unlike a couple of years ago when I
would just go out and play, I'm focusing on learning the stroke and
getting good.  In the past month, I've gone from high 90s to high 80s.
When I consistently get in the mid 80s, I'll get a good set of clubs and
then keep going.  My goal (which I'll reach) is to shoot in the 70s by
December 2002.  If you care to bet, I'll gladly take you up on it 
It's so cool, because in the last week, it finally clicked on how the
wrist snap is similar to tennis, and that made all the difference in the
world.  Now, I can practice a good swing instead of a swing that
happened to yield decent results from time to time.
Anyway, it's great to get outside and focus on something competitive
again.  We have some relatives coming in this weekend, so it looks like
we'll be heading up your way on Saturday.  I'm actually going to be
flying to Victoria and back with my brother-in-law's uncle just for fun
on Saturday afternoon.  I think you said that you won't be in town, but
if you are, let me know.
See ya,
Bobby
ITS Caleb Brett--Russell Leach (713) 844-3301
Saybolt--Larry Hodson (713) 477-8171
Saybolt is the one that tested the low sulfur diesel sample. Charges were $134.00. 
Greetings to all,
Just wanted to remind you about our upcoming Board of Directors
meeting.  The meeting will be held on Saturday, December 8 in Houston.
Thanks to Paul, we will be meeting at the same location as last time the law offices of Haynes & Boone.  Let's plan to start at 10:30am.
If you have any questions, please let me know.
Take care,
Bobby
Thanks.  That's a big cell but it's gonns miss us by 20 miles.
Hey Charlie,
I noticed DeWitt and thought about you.  This one's not right in Cuero, though.
Sam
That should work for me.  Sorry for the late response but we had talked about it I guess.
Howdy folks,
I'm looking at having our board of directors meeting on Saturday, Dec.
8.  It will likely be at the same location as last time.
Please let me know your thoughts on this date.
Take care,
Bobby
I'm at EB3212E for now.  MOving to new building on Nov. 9th.
Thanks,
Charlie
We are in need of the following information:
Work Location:
Please update this information by going through eHRonline or email me with the information.
Your cooperation is appreciated !
Thanks,
Rebecca Torres
A/A Program
rebecca.torres@
713-853-6664
ECN 3537 A
Kim,
The NGI daily prices got messed up somehow when I ran the data fetch program.  I updated them in this file now but I figured you would use GDD prices anyway.  I have also attached the NGI monthly index which is usually the way we use NGI prices, as you indicated.  I just thought you wanted daily prices originally and wanted to show them from the 3 different sources for comparison.  Sorry for the confusion.
Let me know if you need any more assistance.
Thanks,
Charlie
Took 4 hours vacation on Friday, October 12th.  I think my assistant is putting them in though.
The Deadline to Submit Your Timesheet is 10/16/01 @ 12:00 Noon.
It's That Time Again!
Please enter your time 
This memo is a reminder to log onto eHRonline and complete your timesheet.
Remember, you only need to submit your time if you have exceptional time, i.e., vacation, sick, holiday, etc or if your rotation information has changed.  Enron does not track overtime for Analysts and Associates.
Thank you for your cooperation.
Constance Charles
Analyst & Associate Program
Human Resources
Quick Reminder: 
You may receive your present or previous paychecks @ EB 3539A. 
Call me at 713-853-3088. please
Charlie,
Can you do me a favor?  I heard that one of my room mates from my summer in
Alaska works for ENE.  Can you look up his number for me?  I want to get in
touch with him, since I haven't talked with him in over seven years.
His name is John House, and he has a dual ME/Petroleum Engineering undergrad
from A&M and he has an MBA from UT.
Thanks,
Scott
Cash P&L is now saved in Charlie directory on that path you gave me..
Charlie,
Please start saving your files out to o, global_trading, finacial_trading, texas trading. I can get to that and reconcile our p&l's.
Our variation from last nights physical part of the p&l is really about $597 when you factor in the the mirant new deal valued at -$2025. We valued the texoma true up $340 different, leading me to believe we have a little diff. in starting positions. I am requesting access to all the global trading files so I can see what you are using for the position. The remaining variance is due to an imbalance on both Katy and Texoma for the 1st (Katy 10,000, Texoma -10,000). Collectively, you are balanced but do have 1/day of risk at each location, which amounted to $200. 
So, we are pretty close on the p&l. I just need to verify your starting positions to confirm/reconcile our true-ups.
Pat 
Charlie,
Please start saving your files out to o, global_trading, finacial_trading, texas trading. I can get to that and reconcile our p&l's.
Our variation from last nights physical part of the p&l is really about $597 when you factor in the the mirant new deal valued at -$2025. We valued the texoma true up $340 different, leading me to believe we have a little diff. in starting positions. I am requesting access to all the global trading files so I can see what you are using for the position. The remaining variance is due to an imbalance on both Katy and Texoma for the 1st (Katy 10,000, Texoma -10,000). Collectively, you are balanced but do have 1/day of risk at each location, which amounted to $200. 
So, we are pretty close on the p&l. I just need to verify your starting positions to confirm/reconcile our true-ups.
Pat 
thanks.  Soundlike we're OK.  I will need to get access to the global trading directory to post P&L sheet.  I'll submint an e-request
Charlie,
Please start saving your files out to o, global_trading, finacial_trading, texas trading. I can get to that and reconcile our p&l's.
Our variation from last nights physical part of the p&l is really about $597 when you factor in the the mirant new deal valued at -$2025. We valued the texoma true up $340 different, leading me to believe we have a little diff. in starting positions. I am requesting access to all the global trading files so I can see what you are using for the position. The remaining variance is due to an imbalance on both Katy and Texoma for the 1st (Katy 10,000, Texoma -10,000). Collectively, you are balanced but do have 1/day of risk at each location, which amounted to $200. 
So, we are pretty close on the p&l. I just need to verify your starting positions to confirm/reconcile our true-ups.
Pat 
Indeed.  Same for ya'll after the first drive.
Watch out for Derek Farmer.  That kid can play.  True frosh starts and runs for 100 against a fairly stout defensive front 7.
I guess yall's season comes down to next saturday.
If you can land any broker tickets or otherewise for the UT/A&M game, please let me know.
VCW
Nice game.  It was over early 
Intersting points.  I basically agree with him
What do you think about this.  It was written by Morgan  Staleys Chief Economist.
Saw One buck yesterday and one buck today.  Antlers  aren't worth talking about.
Sent: Friday, September 28, 2001 8:18 AM
Financial Times  (London) 
September 28, 2001, Friday London Edition 1 
SECTION:  COMMENT & ANALYSIS; Pg. 20 
LENGTH: 1328 words 
HEADLINE: Back  to borders: The attacks of September 11 will increase the
costs of production  and international trade. As a result, the world may
start to turn its back on  globalisation, says Stephen Roach: 
BYLINE: By STEPHEN ROACH  
BODY: 
The footprints of globalisation have left an obvious and  important mark on
the economic landscape during the past decade. But the  terrorist attacks of
September 11 and their aftermath may bring about its  demise. 
In the economic and financial sphere, globalisation is all about  enhanced
cross-border connectivity. Rapidly expanding trade and capital  flows,
increasingly globalised supply chains, and the rapid expansion  of
transnational activity of multinational corporations has made the world  
smaller place. New information technologies have become the glue  of
globalisation, making cross-border connectivity faster, cheaper  and
increasingly frictionless. 
Evidence of globalisation is  unmistakable. According to Morgan Stanley,
global trade rose to a record 26  per cent of world gross domestic product in
2000 - up from 18 per cent in  1990. Transfers between foreign affiliates of
multinationals surged by nearly  twice as much as global trade did over the
past decade. Trade zones such as  Nafta created new linkages between the
industrial world and its offshore  suppliers: exports to the US account for
25 per cent of Mexican GDP, for  example. Asia, excluding Japan, has also
become tightly linked to the US IT  demand cycle; close to 40 per cent of the
region's overall economic growth in  2000 can be accounted for by surging IT
exports to the US. In many ways, the  world was coming together as never
before. 
But the rules of the game  have changed. Terrorism puts sand in the gears of
cross-border connectivity  and the result threatens the increasingly
frictionless world of  globalisation. The tragic events of September 11 have,
in effect, levied a  new tax on such flows. The security of national borders
will now have to be  tightened - hardly a costless endeavour. That will
affect more than airports  and shipping ports. The porous borders of Canada
and Mexico, the conduits of  increasingly seamless Nafta linkages, will be
tightened too. 
As a  result, cross-border transfers will now cost more and take longer,  and
insurance rates on such shipments will become considerably more  expensive.
Moreover, as the recent outbreak of the Nimda computer virus  indicates, it
will no longer be possible to take instantaneous transfer of  information and
financial capital for granted. Terrorist attacks also instil  fear, raising
the risk premia of global connectivity. Suddenly, the brave new  world looks
a lot less seamless. 
Basic economics says that a tax on  cross-border connections should reduce
the flow of such transactions. In  choosing offshore outsourcing versus
domestic production, the calculus of  relative cost advantages may have been
permanently changed. 
But there  is also a psychological dimension: companies could start to look
inwards. The  appetite for forging new cross-border alliances may diminish in
an  increasingly unstable world. Risk aversion may take on  ever-greater
importance. 
There is another important dimension to this  tax on globalisation. It
reflects the impact of a potential shift of national  output away from
productivity-enhancing investments. Productivity enhancement  and
globalisation have always gone hand in hand. The surge of  offshore
outsourcing has been critical to newfound business efficiencies 
A tax on globalisation could change all of that. It is not only  the
increments to business costs that might now arise from higher  security,
shipping and insurance expenses. It is also the potential  ramifications of a
shift in government spending back towards national  defence, reversing one of
the more important trends of the post-cold war era.  This peace dividend
reduced defence spending as a proportion of US GDP from  more than 7 per cent
to less than 4 per cent during the past 15 years. At the  margin, reversal of
this downtrend could crowd out private sector investment 
Productivity growth was set to decline over the next five years as  the
excesses were taken out of an IT-induced capital-spending expansion.  The
costs of fighting global terrorism may take an additional toll. A  slowdown
of trend productivity growth would then put concomitant pressure  on
corporate earning power and, by inference, on expected equity  returns.
Investors could be in for a particularly rude awakening. 
New  alliances among governments are likely, juxtaposed against the  private
sector's potentially diminished appetite for globalisation. The  world's
leading powers now seem to be coming together in an extraordinary  fashion in
the aftermath of the attacks. United in the goal of combating  global
terrorism, other grievances, such as trade disputes, are being put  aside -
at least for the moment. 
But these new alliances may backfire  in one important respect. They may
drive an even greater wedge between the  developed and the developing world.
Such a geopolitical wedge could reinforce  long-simmering economic
differences and increasingly isolate the developing  world. Widening income
inequalities between the rich and the poor nations was  an unmistakable
hallmark of the 20th century. According to research by the  International
Monetary Fund, the richest 25 per cent of the world's  population experienced
a six-fold increase in real GDP per capita during the  last century. By
contrast, the lower quartile of world population enjoyed  less than half that
gain. And these disparities are being exacerbated by the  "digital divide" of
the information age - the contrast in economic  opportunities between the
computer literate and those lacking such skills 
These tensions do not speak well of the "global village" as an apt image  of
where globalisation is now headed. The economic benefits of  cross-border
connectivity have long stood in sharp contrast with social  disparities
between rich and poor nations. New political alliances that arise  from a
united front among rich nations against global terrorism may well  compound
this gap. 
Such growing fragmentation means that the world  may be turning its back on
globalisation. The recent cancellation of the  annual meetings of the IMF and
World Bank in Washington is particularly  disappointing in this regard. While
both institutions have come under attack  for mismanaging the process from
time to time - especially during the Asian  crisis of 1997-98 - these
meetings offer a forum to probe the strengths and  weakness of globalisation.
That opportunity will be sorely missed at this  critical juncture in history.
This would not be the first setback for  globalisation. The integration of
the Atlantic economy in the 19th century  held out the promise of powerful
convergence within Europe and between Europe  and the US. Yet this seemingly
unstoppable trend gave rise to an equally  powerful backlash, brought about
by the confluence of rising global income  inequalities and political
instability that played a role in sparking the  first world war. 
Yet another wave of globalisation occurred during the  1920s, only to be
brought to an abrupt end by the Great Depression and a  renewed outbreak of
war. The preconditions of these earlier backlashes -  widening global income
disparities and mounting geopolitical tensions - seem  haunting today. Not
only does history tell us there is nothing inherently  stable about
globalisation, but it also highlights globalisation's tendency  to sow the
seeds of its own demise. Sadly, this time may be no different 
There is always a chance that we are making too much out of the  implications
of September 11. But the global costs of escalating terrorism  are
unmistakable. A new tax on the price of cross-border linkages is a big  deal.
The same can be said of deepening political alliances in one  powerful
segment of the world. 
The forces of globalisation, which  once seemed unstoppable, are facing new
resistance. So too are the  productivity-led underpinnings of the US and
world economy. The playing field  may be tilting before our eyes. 
The writer is chief economist and  director of global economics at Morgan
Stanley 
LOAD-DATE: September  27, 2001 
Very cool. 
Did you get my e-mail about the game and Sat night?
FYI.  My column was picked up by UPI.
Pretty cool man.
Bobby
_________________________________________________________________
Mail FSA Form
re-fax HSA info with new receipts.  Call to  verify receipt and check re glasses
Our "spec" is <.05 ppm.  I talked to Doug about whether or not the measurement can be made to a greater degree of accuracy.  We believe it is not but Doug said he would provide us with a contact to call concerning the vanadium measurement accuracy.  I'm still waiting on that contact name and number.  The thought here was to have this contact discuss the iissue first-hand with the engineering team so a judgement can be made.
Thanks,
Charlie
Saybolt test result for low sulfur #2 vanadium is less than 0.1ppm using ASTM D-3605. Give me your fax number and I can send you a copy. 
Doug,
This note is just to confirm my voicemail message this morning  indicating that the charges for the Fuel Oil sample check for vanadium should be charged to Co# 0413, RC # 106230.  According to the spec sheet I have, the ASTM method for vanadium is D3605 and the units of measurement are ppm (wt).
Again, I appreciate your patience in this frustrating issue.
Charlie
What in the world is it you bought.  I typed in the  symbol, and the full name as shown on the Trade Confirmation from Bidwell and it  says no such ticker symbol.      FIDELITY SELECT ENERGY  SVCS: FSESX.Q
[Weldon, V. Charles]  mutual fund 
The following response from Doug is intended to address the issue of whether or not the sample taken was representative of what we would expect to recieve in Florida.....per the discussion of such matter in our meeting.
Charlie
This sample tested by Saybolt was from a shore tank of low sulfur diesel (Colonial 74 grade) in a major's tank in the Houston area. This is representative of the low sulfur diesel that would be shipped to Florida. Fax is on it's way. Any questions call me at x35007.
Doug,
Fax is 646-3460.  A couple folks wanted to know where this sample was taken from.  I told them that I was not exactly sure but was confident that the sample would be representative of the fuel oil that would be delivered in Florida, per our conversation.
Thanks again,
Charlie
Per our conversation, I recommend using Tetco M3 plus the avg seasonal basis to Alg CG (Summer =~0, Winter =~.10)  Note the volatility in these that I graphed.  This volatility willl likely need to be taken into account in your model if/when you get to that level of detail.
Charlie
The following response from Doug is intended to address the issue of whether or not the sample taken was representative of what we would expect to recieve in Florida.....per the discussion of such matter in our meeting.
Charlie
This sample tested by Saybolt was from a shore tank of low sulfur diesel (Colonial 74 grade) in a major's tank in the Houston area. This is representative of the low sulfur diesel that would be shipped to Florida. Fax is on it's way. Any questions call me at x35007.
Doug,
Fax is 646-3460.  A couple folks wanted to know where this sample was taken from.  I told them that I was not exactly sure but was confident that the sample would be representative of the fuel oil that would be delivered in Florida, per our conversation.
Thanks again,
Charlie
Our "spec" is <.05 ppm.  I talked to Doug about whether or not the measurement can be made to a greater degree of accuracy.  We believe it is not but Doug said he would provide us with a contact to call concerning the vanadium measurement accuracy.  I'm still waiting on that contact name and number.  The thought here was to have this contact discuss the iissue first-hand with the engineering team so a judgement can be made.
Thanks,
Charlie
Saybolt test result for low sulfur #2 vanadium is less than 0.1ppm using ASTM D-3605. Give me your fax number and I can send you a copy. 
Doug,
This note is just to confirm my voicemail message this morning  indicating that the charges for the Fuel Oil sample check for vanadium should be charged to Co# 0413, RC # 106230.  According to the spec sheet I have, the ASTM method for vanadium is D3605 and the units of measurement are ppm (wt).
Again, I appreciate your patience in this frustrating issue.
Charlie
Doug,
Fax is 646-3460.  A couple folks wanted to know where this sample was taken from.  I told them that I was not exactly sure but was confident that the sample would be representative of the fuel oil that would be delivered in Florida, per our conversation.
Thanks again,
Charlie
I'll sell you up to 2 Jun nat gas at 4.565 right now, same as Johnny 
Outlook Migration Team@
05/14/2001 01:26 PM
Current Notes User:=20
To ensure that you experience a successful migration from Notes to Outlook, it is necessary to gather individual user information prior to your date of migration.  Please take a few minutes to completely fill out the following survey. Double Click on document to put it in "Edit" mode. When you finish, simply click on the 'Reply With History' button then hit 'Send'  Your survey will automatically be sent to the Outlook 2000 Migration Mailbox.
Thank you.
Outlook 2000 Migration Team
Full Name:        V. Charles Weldon
Login ID:  =09vweldon
Extension:  57229
Office Location:  EB3274d
What type of computer do you have?  (Desktop,  Laptop,  Both)  Desktop
Do you have a PDA?  If yes, what type do you have:   (None, IPAQ, Palm Pilot, Jornada) =20
Do you have permission to access anyone's Email/Calendar?  No
If yes, who? =20
Does anyone have permission to access your Email/Calendar?  No
If yes, who? =20
Are you responsible for updating anyone else's address book?  No
If yes, who? =20
Is anyone else responsible for updating your address book?  No
If yes, who? =20
Do you have access to a shared calendar?  No
If yes, which shared calendar? =20
Do you have any Distribution Groups that Messaging maintains for you (for mass mailings)?  No
If yes, please list here: =20
Please list all Notes databases applications that you currently use: =20
In our efforts to plan the exact date/time of your migration, we also will need to know:
Will you be out of the office in the near future for vacation, leave, etc?  No
If so, when?        From (MM/DD/YY):      To (MM/DD/YY):     =20
Charlie:  We made a request to MHI last week and with this memo, I will follow up with Frank Hosak to make sure that it is on the items to be discussed this coming Wednesday.
Frank:  Would you please make sure that we have this item on the Agenda and tell them we are expecting an answer.
thanks, bill fox 
Bill,
I understand that you are the contact person for MHI concerning the ash spec for the 501F turbine being used on the Ft. Pierce project.  I have been working with Matt Tezyk to finalize all issues concerning this fuel oil spec. Please let me know as soon as possible what the MHI response is regarding the inability to get 0% ash fuel oil.   We are trying to get closure on this issue so we can order the fuel oil to replace that which we caused FPUA to burn to begin construction on the site.
Thanks!
Charlie Weldon
One G2 was 10.5.  Other was ~9.5.  G3's were 7.5 ish, maybe 8.  I thought it was a pretty good deer.  He would have been really good next year but we've let so many go like that not to ever see them again... , I'm really glad he got this one to break his 7 year drought.  This was his 8th season.
That is not a bad buck at all.  Do you know  what the lenth of the G2's and G3's are???  They look pretty  descent.
Bill,
I understand that you are the contact person for MHI concerning the ash spec for the 501F turbine being used on the Ft. Pierce project.  I have been working with Matt Tezyk to finalize all issues concerning this fuel oil spec. Please let me know as soon as possible what the MHI response is regarding the inability to get 0% ash fuel oil.   We are trying to get closure on this issue so we can order the fuel oil to replace that which we caused FPUA to burn to begin construction on the site.
Thanks!
Charlie Weldon
Hi Jay,
Please find the attached file. It has two more tabs for the two regressions, one replacing the holes in the data(reg-wo-hole) and one with manipulation in the holes of the data (Regression-w-hole). Both the regressions suggest similar results. The graph shows regression output. We might want to try only the winter data if that is what you are looking for. Or, we may also put the restriction on the regression that the gas consumption cannot go down beyond 5000 (to take care of negative estimates).
Let me know what you think and I would be happy to do the further analyses.
Thanks 
Could you please run regression analysis on some data in this worksheet.  The two data arrays are on the "Daily" tab in column C and on the "Temperature" tab in column F.
Thank you,
Jay Reitmeyer
33536
Doug,
This note is just to confirm my voicemail message this morning  indicating that the charges for the Fuel Oil sample check for vanadium should be charged to Co# 0413, RC # 106230.  According to the spec sheet I have, the ASTM method for vanadium is D3605 and the units of measurement are ppm (wt).
Again, I appreciate your patience in this frustrating issue.
Charlie
Charlie,
We are waiting on TGP to hear how their discussions with management have played out.  We'll definitely update you when we get more information.
Let me know if you have any questions in the meantime.
,
John
Guys,,
I thought I would just let you know that the latest indicative gas price for the Stagecoach deal is ~$4.62.  That's down ~$0.20 in the last 9 trading days.
How about an update from yall's end on the status of the negotiations, etc?
Thanks,
Charlie
Thanks for the info!
Is this guy short ENE or what?  He has a couple of decent points about our "fuzzy" math. but we won't miss earnings, guaranteed, for at least a couple quarters.
Santiago Garcia@
05/11/2001 12:06 PM
Interesting article on ENE (although I don't agree with some points).
B2B = business to business, usually referring to on-line (Internet-based) electronic commerce (e-commerce 
B2C = business -to-consumer
C2C = consumer-to-consumer
Guys,,
I thought I would just let you know that the latest indicative gas price for the Stagecoach deal is ~$4.62.  That's down ~$0.20 in the last 9 trading days.
How about an update from yall's end on the status of the negotiations, etc?
Thanks,
Charlie
Geraldine Irvine
05/10/2001 03:27 PM
How to...How not to!
- branded_1.mpeg=20
- pic12354.pcx=20
Location: 3274d
May I please have your current office location number to send you important PRC information.
Also, in the interim you may want to update your information on EHRonline and Peoplefinder.
Thanks.
 Double-click on attachment to see image not so blown-up.