(END) DOW JONES NEWS  07-06-01
   03:14 PM- - 03 14 PM EDT 07-06-01
=20
=20
Thanks.  I have minor, but substantive, edits to the direct access section that Dorothy did, which I believe more accurately capture the document that we previously delivered to Hertzberg and the discussions around that document.  My proposed edits will be distributed to everyone within the next 30-60 minutes.  Thanks to Delaney for all the work.
Best,
Jeff
Ditto.
Understood.
Probably no need to reiterate here (it just makes me feel better), but the date of the bill signing or September 1 is MUCH MUCH preferable to EES. We have substantial contracts that we executed at the end of August.
?=09On Friday, the Assembly failed to get its version of the Edison MOU out of the appropriations committee.
?=09The bill must pass out of that committee before it can go to the full Assembly for passage.
?=09Negotiations continue among Assembly Democrats about what the final bill should look like.
?=09The Assembly will try again to pass the bill out of the Assembly on Tuesday.
?=09In response to the California PUC proposed order, which would retroactively end Direct Access on July 1, the Assembly amended its bill on Friday to include its own "date certain" for the temporary suspension of Direct Access.
?=09The Assembly bill would now suspend Direct Access beginning August 25.
?=09We are working with others to get the date of suspension changed to either 1) the date the bill is signed or 2) September 1.
?=09We will provide additional information on Tuesday about the bill's status and our progress in changing the suspension date.
Best,
Jeff
?=09The Assembly will attempt to pass its version of the Edison MOU (SB 78) out of the Appropriations Committee today.
?=09If and when that occurs, the Assembly will also attempt to get the bill passed out of the full Assembly today.
?=09It will be a very long putt to get both accomplished today.
?=09If and when the Assembly gets the bill out of the Assembly today, the bill will move over to the Senate, where the chances of passage are even more remote.
?=09That said, Davis is making a full court press to get the bill passed out of both houses for his signature.
?=09Will report back with the events of the Assembly.
Don't hesitate to call if you have any questions (415.782.7822).
Best,
Jeff
Sounds good.  How about first thing tomorrow morning for a call?
I have been instructed by Chris C that we need to go to DWR, PG&E the state or whom ever will listen.  I will start working on the all-in (PG&E/SCE) presentation!
When are you both available for a conference call.
Called Fielder to confirm and he said that he needed to cancel.  As you know, the Legislature closed without doing anything with Edison's bailout legislation.  The Governor has said that the will order them back into session in two weeks.  That has Fielder and everyone else at Edison scrambling to continue their attempts to stay out of bankruptcy, which means that Fielder won't be focused, and can't focus on, anything else for the next couple of weeks. Let's regroup.  Dave, perhaps we should just go ahead and start with PG&E. Thoughts?
Best,
Jeff
P.S.  Have discussed with Dorothy and will attempt to capture in my proposed edits our discussion.
Best,
Jeff
Thanks.  I have minor, but substantive, edits to the direct access section that Dorothy did, which I believe more accurately capture the document that we previously delivered to Hertzberg and the discussions around that document.  My proposed edits will be distributed to everyone within the next 30-60 minutes.  Thanks to Delaney for all the work.
Best,
Jeff
may have been updated a bit prior to the presentation, but yep, that's it.  will do for now.  please forward to rick.  when i'm back in the office i'll do more searching.  thanks a bunch.  i'm assuming this is what he's referring to.
Best,
Jeff
Folks:
Here are my edits.  For simplicity, I accepted all the other changes and put mine in strike-out-underline.
They are confined to the direct access section, and to the provisions regarding "spot market service" in particular.  Based on our negotiations, I think it's accurate to state that spot market service was never discussed as "an option to elect."  Instead, the language in the agreement states that it is a "backstop," in the event that on any given day a customer's ESP doesn't show up with the power.  In effect, it retains the utility's duty to serve, like the gas side, but does not expose the utility to any risk of cost recovery for the spot service provided.  I've also added provisions which obligate the utility to provide spot market service in the event that at the outset of the program (i.e., the transition date), the customer, for whatever reason fails to elect Term Service or Direct Access Service.  In both cases, the spot services lasts for a maximum of 30 days, after which the customer must choose Term or Direct Access Service.
Please take a look at the language.  While I haven't put any "stakes in the ground" up till now, I feel strongly about these changes (for reasons I'm happy to discuss), and if folks have issues with incorporating it into the document, I'd request that we have a very brief call to discuss.  I believe that the language as proposed captures my conversation with Dorothy.
In addition, I've also taken a stab at language requested by Delainey, i.e., "what to do about DA in the interm?"  There may be better ways to craft the language, but I took a shot nonetheless.
Finally, I'm assuming, based on yesterday's call, that, by delivering this document to the Speaker today, no one is giving their approval, support, or anything else for each and every provision.  I'm not prepared to, and cannot, do that at this time.
Thanks again to all for all the effort (and to Dorothy for her patience in hearing me out earlier).
Best,
Jeff
(Corrects lead to say judge recommended FERC hearings to
result disagreements; adds comments from judge in fifth paragraph
and comments from Enron in 13th paragraph.)
Washington, July 9 (Bloomberg) -- A judge who oversaw two
weeks of unsuccessful negotiations aimed at persuading power
sellers to pay refunds in California and other western states
recommended that the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission hold
hearings to resolve disagreements within 60 days.
Two weeks of FERC-ordered talks ended today with the two
sides no closer to an accord.
``In 15 days, you can't work miracles,'' said Curtis Wagner,
FERC's chief administrative law judge. ``The numbers were too far
apart 
California says it is due a refund of $8.9 billion because
the companies charged excessive prices. Other western states are
also requesting money.
A group of power sellers offered $510 million to California
during the negotiations, scoffing at the state's method of
calculating the refund, Wagner said. Other parties to the talks
offered about $206 million, bringing the total offer from
generators to $716 million.
On Saturday, the state brought in analysts who explained how
the state calculated its estimate. He wasn't convinced by
California's arguments that it should receive $8.9 billion, said
Wagner, who wouldn't provide his own estimate of how much should
be paid.
Wagner said FERC should hold hearings of 60 days or less and
should calculate a refund based on a system it approved for price
caps on June 18. The caps are based on the costs of the highest
priced generator during the early stages of a power shortage.
That formula should be applied retroactively to Oct. 1,
Wagner said. He wouldn't provide an estimate of the size of such a
refund, saying it would require research into fuel prices from
that time period.
Michael Kahn, California's chief negotiator, said the judge's
recommendation was a victory for his state. Wagner's formula would
give his state a refund of ``several billion dollars,'' and
California will sue to get the rest, he said.
``The judge said we're entitled to our money without
releasing any of our claims,'' Kahn told reporters.
Generators were mixed on what Wagner's recommendations meant,
though they agreed the state asked for too much.
``Under the faulty methodology the state has come up with (to
justify the $8.9 billion refund), we would be owed money because
we bought more than we sold in the spot market in the period in
question,'' said Mark Palmer, a spokesman for Enron Corp, one of
the power sellers taking part in the negotiations. ``That's shows
how ridiculous this is 
Houston-based Enron didn't participate in the offer to refund
$510 million, Palmer said, without being more specific.
``Nothing I've seen suggests that California cares about a
settlement,'' Palmer said. ``What they care about is shifting
blame. What they care about is a witch hunt 
Duke Energy Corp. is ``very pleased'' by the judge's
recommendations, said Brent Bailey, vice president and general
counsel of the Charlotte-based company. The judge's plan fixes
problems with California's methodology for calculating the
refunds, he said.
California's two biggest utilities have piled up almost $14
billion in debt because of the surging prices that resulted when
the state's plan to deregulate its electricity system failed. The
state began buying power on the utilities' behalf in January and
has spent close to $8 billion.
--Amy Strahan Butler and Jeff Bliss in Washington (202) 624-1975
or jbliss@bloomberg.net and in Washington/mmw/alp/mmw
Bridget McEvoy
Investor Relations
El Paso Corp.
713.420.5597
Bridget.McEvoy@elpaso.com
"Sacramento or Salem?"  Sort of has a nice ring to it.
No intent to make people pay twice.  Anticipated that Edison might not want to be at risk for costs associated with retail gen service (e.g., AS, GMC, shaping) while only allowed to charge the wholesale price.  Any changes necessary to ensure no double counting are welcome.
Also, if 30 days seems to short to for some customers do strike a deal with either the utility or an ESP, then it might be appropriate, and I wouldn't object, to extending it to 90 days.  In my conversation with Dorothy, both 30 and 90 came up.  90 is reasonable, but it would seem to be the uppermost  limit.
Thanks very much for the comments.
Best,
Jeff
I do not agree with Jeff's changes to Dorothy's language and I am not sure if Dorothy does.
In particular, I don't know what is meant by the language in the definition of Spot Market
Service which says "and shall include all costs incurred by the electrical corporation to
provide retail electric service" which seems to me to go way beyond even energy service.  I
am also concerned that there be no way that customers have to pay for A/S twice.
Second, I think 30 days is too short a time for a customer on Spot Market service to elect
DA or Term Service, since if the UDC is providing Term Service on a best efforts basis, that
option might not even be available within 30 days.  Barbara
Delaney Hunter wrote:
 Folks-
 Sorry for the delay --- major computer problems over here. I have used Ann's
 document and added the changes I made as a template. It is in redline and
 the questions are highlighted as well. Please look over it carefully and if
 there is language you are going to provide please do it post haste.