(END) DOW JONES NEWS  07-06-01
   03:14 PM- - 03 14 PM EDT 07-06-01
 
Thanks.  I have minor, but substantive, edits to the direct access section 
that Dorothy did, which I believe more accurately capture the document that 
we previously delivered to Hertzberg and the discussions around that 
document.  My proposed edits will be distributed to everyone within the next 
30-60 minutes.  Thanks to Delaney for all the work.
Best,
Jeff
P.S.  Have discussed with Dorothy and will attempt to capture in my proposed 
edits our discussion.
Best,
Jeff
Jeff Dasovich
Sent by: Jeff Dasovich
07/09/2001 03:48 PM
Thanks.  I have minor, but substantive, edits to the direct access section 
that Dorothy did, which I believe more accurately capture the document that 
we previously delivered to Hertzberg and the discussions around that 
document.  My proposed edits will be distributed to everyone within the next 
30-60 minutes.  Thanks to Delaney for all the work.
Best,
Jeff
Legislative package only delays pain, critics warn 
By Craig D. Rose 
UNION-TRIBUNE STAFF WRITER 
September 1, 2000 
Consumer and political leaders -- as well as Sempra Energy's chief executive 
-- said yesterday that the three electricity bills before Gov. Gray Davis do 
nothing to fix the fundamental cause of soaring bills. 
The cause, they say, is that power generators can continue to charge what 
most characterize as exorbitant prices for their electricity -- and consumers 
ultimately face the daunting task of paying them. 
No matter if all of the bills are signed, the leaders say California's power 
market will remain a seller's game that gouges overmatched consumers. And 
while San Diego Gas and Electric Co.'s hard-pressed customers may pay less 
now, they will pay back all or nearly all the savings -- plus interest beginning in 2003. 
"The governor's bill postpones the pain, but the pain is still there," said 
Maureen O'Connor, a former mayor of San Diego who has been active in seeking 
relief from the soaring bills afflicting SDG&E's 1.2 million electricity 
customers. 
The rate bill promoted by Davis and now awaiting his signature will have 
SDG&E's customers pay about 6.5 cents per kilowatt hour for electricity, or 
70 percent more than what they paid as recently as May. 
Power companies, however, will continue to charge the customers as they have; 
presently, they're charging about 21 cents per kilowatt hour for SDG&E 
customers. The difference between 6.5 cents and whatever prices above that 
level emerge from the state's volatile power market will be recorded as IOUs 
for each customer in so-called balancing accounts. 
A second bill before the governor could provide up to $150 million in state 
money to help pay the balancing accounts, but the bulk of the IOUs will 
almost certainly be paid by SDG&E customers themselves when they become due 
in 2003 or 2004. A third bill before the governor would speed the 
construction of power plants. 
So while the rate bill lets customers pay less now than they owe, it 
obligates them to pay the balance with interest later. 
The situation creates the potential for a troublesome compounding effect: The 
higher electricity prices grow, the more is set aside in the balancing 
accounts -- and the greater the wallop to customer wallets when the accounts 
come due. 
Based upon prices now paid for future electric deliveries, Sempra Energy 
estimates customers will owe $664 million by 2003. IOUs of that magnitude, 
said SDG&E, will require that customers pay a surcharge of $40 monthly for a 
year on top of whatever they are already paying for their power bills. 
Keep in mind that typical residential bills at this time last year were about 
$55; they now stand at about $130. Consumer advocates say it's likely power 
prices will remain at levels that will lead to huge debts for customers under 
the Davis proposal. 
"The generators have shown themselves to be unconscionable in extorting 
profits," said Nettie Hoge, executive director of TURN, a San Francisco-based 
consumer group. 
Hoge said the bills that emerged "seemed the best a corrupt system could spit 
out." She added that TURN and other groups will shift their focus to 
pressuring the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission to restrain the electric 
generating companies and wholesale power markets. 
FERC, she said, must legally determine if charges from generating companies 
are reasonable. TURN and other groups will also press for re-regulation of 
the industry and will begin to explore municipally owned generating plants. 
Michael Shames of the Utility Consumers' Action Network supports the Davis 
bill, although he said it won't fix "the almost irreparably broken California 
energy system "The problem is that California's electricity customers have been subjected 
to market prices in a dysfunctional energy market," Shames said. "It's a 
market controlled by the sellers of power and their cronies But Shames said the Davis bill provides at least temporary protection against 
further rate shocks, and he expects taxpayers across the state will 
ultimately assist SDG&E's customers in paying their electricity bills. 
But Jamie Court, executive director of the Foundation for Taxpayer and 
Consumer Rights, which has called for re-regulation of the industry, opposes 
the rate-cap legislation. 
"This keeps ratepayers and taxpayers on the hook for the costs," said Court, 
who added that the bill also locks in near doubling of power rates compared 
to last year. 
Stephen Baum, chief executive officer of Sempra, said the bill puts SDG&E a Sempra subsidiary -- in the position of financing the difference between 
what power companies charge for their power and what it collect from 
customers over the next three years. 
The balancing accounts, Baum said, could grow so large that they will 
challenge Sempra's ability to borrow to cover them. 
"The problem is with the wholesale markets," said Baum, who today becomes 
chairman as well as chief executive of Sempra. "This legislation does nothing 
but postpone a big bill He added that Sempra believed the bill included ambiguities that could be 
illegal if not later clarified by the California Public Utilities Commission. 
"If (the PUC) can't or won't, then I think the legislation is legally flawed 
and can't stand," Baum said.
OJ for President!
"John Miriam Kartozian"  	11/29/2000 07:45 PM
I thought they were the prosecution team at the OJ trial.
may have been updated a bit prior to the presentation, but yep, that's it will do for now.  please forward to rick.  when i'm back in the office i'll 
do more searching.  thanks a bunch.  i'm assuming this is what he's referring 
to.
Best,
Jeff
Folks:
Here are my edits.  For simplicity, I accepted all the other changes and put 
mine in strike-out-underline.
They are confined to the direct access section, and to the provisions 
regarding "spot market service" in particular.  Based on our negotiations, I 
think it's accurate to state that spot market service was never discussed as 
"an option to elect."  Instead, the language in the agreement states that it 
is a "backstop," in the event that on any given day a customer's ESP doesn't 
show up with the power.  In effect, it retains the utility's duty to serve, 
like the gas side, but does not expose the utility to any risk of cost 
recovery for the spot service provided.  I've also added provisions which 
obligate the utility to provide spot market service in the event that at the 
outset of the program (i.e., the transition date), the customer, for whatever 
reason fails to elect Term Service or Direct Access Service.  In both cases, 
the spot services lasts for a maximum of 30 days, after which the customer 
must choose Term or Direct Access Service.
Please take a look at the language.  While I haven't put any "stakes in the 
ground" up till now, I feel strongly about these changes (for reasons I'm 
happy to discuss), and if folks have issues with incorporating it into the 
document, I'd request that we have a very brief call to discuss.  I believe 
that the language as proposed captures my conversation with Dorothy.
In addition, I've also taken a stab at language requested by Delainey, i.e "what to do about DA in the interm?"  There may be better ways to craft the 
language, but I took a shot nonetheless.
Finally, I'm assuming, based on yesterday's call, that, by delivering this 
document to the Speaker today, no one is giving their approval, support, or 
anything else for each and every provision.  I'm not prepared to, and cannot, 
do that at this time.
Thanks again to all for all the effort (and to Dorothy for her patience in 
hearing me out earlier).
Best,
Jeff
"Delaney Hunter"  	07/09/2001 06:08 PM
Please respond to dhunter
(Corrects lead to say judge recommended FERC hearings to
result disagreements; adds comments from judge in fifth paragraph
and comments from Enron in 13th paragraph.)
Washington, July 9 (Bloomberg) -- A judge who oversaw two
weeks of unsuccessful negotiations aimed at persuading power
sellers to pay refunds in California and other western states
recommended that the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission hold
hearings to resolve disagreements within 60 days.
Two weeks of FERC-ordered talks ended today with the two
sides no closer to an accord.
``In 15 days, you can't work miracles,'' said Curtis Wagner,
FERC's chief administrative law judge. ``The numbers were too far
apart 
California says it is due a refund of $8.9 billion because
the companies charged excessive prices. Other western states are
also requesting money.
A group of power sellers offered $510 million to California
during the negotiations, scoffing at the state's method of
calculating the refund, Wagner said. Other parties to the talks
offered about $206 million, bringing the total offer from
generators to $716 million.
On Saturday, the state brought in analysts who explained how
the state calculated its estimate. He wasn't convinced by
California's arguments that it should receive $8.9 billion, said
Wagner, who wouldn't provide his own estimate of how much should
be paid.
Wagner said FERC should hold hearings of 60 days or less and
should calculate a refund based on a system it approved for price
caps on June 18. The caps are based on the costs of the highest
priced generator during the early stages of a power shortage.
That formula should be applied retroactively to Oct. 1,
Wagner said. He wouldn't provide an estimate of the size of such a
refund, saying it would require research into fuel prices from
that time period.
Michael Kahn, California's chief negotiator, said the judge's
recommendation was a victory for his state. Wagner's formula would
give his state a refund of ``several billion dollars,'' and
California will sue to get the rest, he said.
``The judge said we're entitled to our money without
releasing any of our claims,'' Kahn told reporters.
Generators were mixed on what Wagner's recommendations meant,
though they agreed the state asked for too much.
``Under the faulty methodology the state has come up with (to
justify the $8.9 billion refund), we would be owed money because
we bought more than we sold in the spot market in the period in
question,'' said Mark Palmer, a spokesman for Enron Corp, one of
the power sellers taking part in the negotiations. ``That's shows
how ridiculous this is 
Houston-based Enron didn't participate in the offer to refund
$510 million, Palmer said, without being more specific.
``Nothing I've seen suggests that California cares about a
settlement,'' Palmer said. ``What they care about is shifting
blame. What they care about is a witch hunt 
Duke Energy Corp. is ``very pleased'' by the judge's
recommendations, said Brent Bailey, vice president and general
counsel of the Charlotte-based company. The judge's plan fixes
problems with California's methodology for calculating the
refunds, he said.
California's two biggest utilities have piled up almost $14
billion in debt because of the surging prices that resulted when
the state's plan to deregulate its electricity system failed. The
state began buying power on the utilities' behalf in January and
has spent close to $8 billion.
--Amy Strahan Butler and Jeff Bliss in Washington (202) 624-1975
or jbliss@bloomberg.net and in Washington/mmw/alp/mmw
Bridget McEvoy
Investor Relations
El Paso Corp.
713.420.5597
Bridget.McEvoy@elpaso.com
"Sacramento or Salem?"  Sort of has a nice ring to it.
No intent to make people pay twice.  Anticipated that Edison might not want 
to be at risk for costs associated with retail gen service (e.g., AS, GMC, 
shaping) while only allowed to charge the wholesale price.  Any changes 
necessary to ensure no double counting are welcome.
Also, if 30 days seems to short to for some customers do strike a deal with 
either the utility or an ESP, then it might be appropriate, and I wouldn't 
object, to extending it to 90 days.  In my conversation with Dorothy, both 30 
and 90 came up.  90 is reasonable, but it would seem to be the uppermost  
limit.
Thanks very much for the comments.
Best,
Jeff
BRBarkovich  	07/09/2001 06:12 PM
I do not agree with Jeff's changes to Dorothy's language and I am not sure if 
Dorothy does.
In particular, I don't know what is meant by the language in the definition 
of Spot Market
Service which says "and shall include all costs incurred by the electrical 
corporation to
provide retail electric service" which seems to me to go way beyond even 
energy service.  I
am also concerned that there be no way that customers have to pay for A/S 
twice.
Second, I think 30 days is too short a time for a customer on Spot Market 
service to elect
DA or Term Service, since if the UDC is providing Term Service on a best 
efforts basis, that
option might not even be available within 30 days.  Barbara
Delaney Hunter wrote:
 Folks-
 Sorry for the delay --- major computer problems over here. I have used Ann's
 document and added the changes I made as a template. It is in redline and
 the questions are highlighted as well. Please look over it carefully and if
 there is language you are going to provide please do it post haste.