DBD::ODBC works like a charm.  if you're already using DBI, i don't think you'll have 
much trouble with the transition, assuming you're doing anything funky 
OK, I have a question for the group.  I've got a Perl web-based
app which I've been using Mysql as the back end database.  The
plan was that this was going to be migrated to either Oracle or
DB2 as the back end, but I had a curve ball thrown at me, and
someone made a decision (a bad one in my opinion) that I would
have Microsoft SQL server as my database.  This isn't a decision
I am going to be able to change.
I've done some searching on the net and on CPAN for modules to
talk to the database (DBD drivers/etc), and I've found one module
called DBD::FreeTDS which can directly talk to MS SQL (however that
appears to not even exist anymore).
So, my real question is: what is the best method for being able to
talk to a MS Sql server?  Anybody with a fair bit of experience in
doing this?  Any gotchas I should look for?  Any books/websites I
should go to?
Thanks.
Mark.
perl@drapple.com
TIMTOWTDI
Hey Greg,
sorry to hear you're sick.  hope you feel better soon 
what will be involved in handing over the development of the client piece (excel, etc of the eol feed to colin?  i'd like to get this done as soon as possible 
Cooper
See you tomorrow, hopefully.
GB
looks good.  i'm working some stuff now that is writing to the z:\ drive for publishing on the web -- i will have it write to i: and set it up so it will be easy to change from now going forward.  should be able to tell if it works from that.  i think your idea was a good one 
Cooper,
Have a look.
How should we test this?
Thanks
Greg Hibbert
Senior Specialist
Office - 403.974.6785
Cell - 403.860.2146
I left my black book at home today so I can't help you out? I'll see if I can track it down tonight.
ian -  do you by chance have emily's (from earls) email address?  she gave it to hawker and he lost it.  no prob if you don't.
thanks
This is done 
Chris Wiebe 
Staff, Data Technologies 
Enron Canada Corp. 
Phone: (403) 974-6929 
Cell: (403) 650-7224 
Pager: (403) 212-9989 
Pager email: chriswiebe@epagenet.net 
Email: Chris.Wiebe@ 
Chris, 
can you roll this when you get a chance?
thx,
cooper
ian -  do you by chance have emily's (from earls) email address?  she gave it to hawker and he lost it.  no prob if you don't.
Chris, 
can you roll this when you get a chance?
thx,
cooper
how do you feel about a matinee, bitch?
What is the plan for today?  Did you drive in to work?  Do you want to go
drop off my car, then just bum around, maybe make a trip to Paul's house for
you know what.  Or do you want to drop off the car and go back to work?
the colonel was talking about meeting at Lucky's on 17th and then head out.  perhaps to the backalley.  not a house party at all 
Hey Karl!
great to hear from you.  someday we will talk - maybe today?  not sure if you're still in, but i'm at my desk.  number is 403 974 6946 
i believe it is the same country code as US, but not sure 
it's been bad here at work for the last few weeks and its going to take awhile for things to get better, i'm just hoping it doesn't get any
worse.  it was very dicey for awhile - thought ene was going tits up 
spanish desk sounds great!  say hi to kristian and paul for me, but we should catch up by phone, if possible, so i'll leave it there.
cooper
p.s. snow is just falling on the mountains and i'm getting excited for some good skiing.
Hey, how you doing ? Still hanging in there ? Is the snow on the mountains yet for Skiing ?
Back in London slowly getting to grips with the changes that have taken place, not quite visible at first 
I am working with Paul again on the Spanish desk along with Kristian and things are a little interesting in the market.
Been limited to plugging things together with Excel and not much database creativity, more analysis, which is good but a bit limiting at times with the internal Police preventing flexibility !
Are you in the office today, I have a question for you ?
Karl.
definitely.  sounds fun.
Cooper,
It's showing at the Globe Dec 3-5 at 7pm $16.
The first ever snowmobile flip! (Frankly, I find that unbelievable  
Interested?
Craig
nope.  maybe ask greg or sebastien.
Hey coop...........what is this? WS_FTP.LOG
I found it in the XNAX/Security folder, and noticed that it was screwing things up..............did you drop it there?
ciao
Hey Toby,
sorry to hear about the layoffs.  i think the hatchet falls around here next week 
Chris Wiebe has been taking care of things here and interacting with Houston
a fair bit and I think he's been doing a great job with things, which is too bad 
since that means he forces me to play around in dev instead of prod 
anyway, i hope we can enjoy a beer sometime and laugh about enron, but it
doesn't feel too good right now 
thanks for the note 
Hi Cooper 
How are things going?  I presume not stunningly!  We have already canned 40% of IT staff and who knows what's going to happen next?
We are about to hand over support of the database servers in both Portland and Calgary to Paul Kane, as per his request,  but will still be happy to help out if it is required.
See ya
Toby
its a boring exchange - its hard to get motivated.  i thought i would be on the one a day plan
bitch, i could barely open the doors on the way back.
This sounds good dude, but you should push her a touch to see if there's any
interest.  Reply an hour after you get one - see what happens.  I'm
certainly not saying don't lose your mind like I've clearly done.  Aren't
you curious?
   > suppose i could have worse things to complain about.  what movies did you
 rent? sorry if i'm nosy, but see previous sentence.