Vince
Thallam,
Thanks for your message. I shall ask my assistant, Shirley Crenshaw (713 853 5290),
to set up the call with you.
Vince Kaminski
Dear Dr.  Kaminski,
Last week I sent to you a note  regarding Risk Ltd. services that might be of interest to you.  Is there a convenient time to your  schedule next week for Shannon Burchett and me to telephone to discuss  this with you briefly?
Thank you for your time.
Best Thallam  Srinivasan
Risk Limited Corporation
Box 612666 Dallas, Texas 75261 USA Tel: 972.245.8300 Fax:  972.245.8318 www.RiskLimited.com
Tricia,
Thanks a lot for your message. I am glad things are going well for you. It's quite hectic here
as you know. I shall try  to call you later this week to chat about the markets.
Vince
Hi Vince,
I hope all is well with you!
As for my coordinates.....I am trading (position trading--
futures)....primarily soybeans, 30-year bonds, swiss franc,
and British Pound......I observe the charts after the markets close...put in
my orders accordingly .....and sit and wait for
confirmation and/or for stop orders to be elected....:)...I continue
watching the gold charts.....eventually, that market will
wake up again!   Vince, I am curious of your fundamental analysis of the
currency, and/or equity markets 
Since most of my chart analysis is performed after the markets close....I
have extra time to explore other business opportunities.....at this time, I
am working on a initiative, to import nurses from India to the U.S.!  A
friend of mine, from New Delhi, has asked that I work with her on this
project.  She is talking w/Duke University, as well as the University of
North Carolina Nursing School to collaborate w/her, in India, and provide
their curriculum in India....We are talking to hospitals throughout the
U.S., and are finding an interest in Indian recruits.  Of the foreign nurses
now entering the U.S., the majority are Filipinos.  Did you know about the
shortage of nurses here in the U.S.?
Hello to Mike.....and also....How is Maureen?
Keep in touch......Anytime, you stop in Chicago, call me...312-643-1910....I
live very close to the Enron office on Michigan Avenue..
Take care,
Tricia
 Hello Tricia,