FYI
Vince
Below is proposed schedule for the Darden case video-taped interviews; an 
hour has been scheduled for each of you (except Vince, for whom 1-1/2 hours 
has been requested), however, you may be finished in less time.  The location 
is yet to be determined, but will most likely take place in a vacant office 
of 50M 
Please let me know of any conflicts with this proposed schedule.  I'll send 
along additional information as it becomes available.  Thank you and have a 
nice weekend.  SRS
8:00a  Gene Humphrey
9:00a  Lou Pai
10:00a  Ken Rice
11:00a  Andy Fastow
12:00p  Break
2:00p  Vince Kaminski
3:30p  Jeff Skilling
Anjam Ahmad
03/30/2000 09:45 AM
Hi Vince,
As requested, I sent you an invitation (3pm Houston time Monday) for the 
summary review of the half-hourly forward vol curve method plus review of 
recent projects (e.g. inflation book, EnergyDesk.com, Weather desk update, 
emerging market in Continental power market options and Global Products 
exotics).  Look forward to catching up with you then.  I also sent you a 
tentative list of meetings that I will be having in Oslo.
,
Anjam
P.S. The telephone number is 47 2321 2000 Grand Hotel, Oslo and my mobile 
number is 07747 868131
Martin
Please, refer John directly to Jinbaek Kim and his academic advisor.
Vince
As a followup, John Gillespie has expressed interest in participating on the 
panel mentioned below.  To whom should I refer John or should somebody 
contact him?  I just wanted to know what to tell John.
Thanks,
Martin
Vince J Kaminski
03/23/2001 04:12 PM
Martin,
Thanks.
Vince
I did not find anybody in EBS who seems to know or be involved in any 
e-procurement issues.  In Enron Corp, however, there is an initiative called 
iBuyIt.  This is a system that Corp is deploying for e-procurement through 
Corp and ENA, and will get to EBS sometime late this year.
John Gillespie is in charge of the iBuyIt initiative.  Perhaps he is the 
appropriate contact.  I left a voice mail with him, but have not yet received 
a response.
Martin
Vince J Kaminski
03/22/2001 07:17 AM
Martin,
Please, take a look at Question 3.
Who is the right person at EBS?
Vince
Jinbaek Kim  Dr. Kaminski,
Sorry for the late response,
it took me some time to coordinate things.
Finally, it's almost dont It turned out that from June to August
will be best for me for work at ENRON
(Say June.4 to August.4)
But I still need to know several things from your side.
Could you answer following questions?
First:
Is my suggested working period is OK with you?
If so, let me know what to do for settlement
during the period.
Second:
I got a list of work, I might be able to do for
DealBench team from Ross and Suresh.
I'd like to know it is still a valid work list:
The list he sent is as following:
 1.  Write a paper in layman's terms that answers
 questions like the following:
 Benefits of auctioning online for both buyers and
 sellers, particularly in reverse auctions
 Explanation how multi-variable auctions are not
 as efficient as price-only auctions (is this true?)
 How many participants are recommended for a
 successful live auction
 What types of goods and services are best suited
 for live auctions versus sealed bid quotes
 Opinions on lotting strategies
 Trends in online private auctions
 2.  Identify appropriate recent auction research (3
 or 4 papers out of the 90+ you provided)and obtain approvals from the
 authors to post on our site
 3. Create a list/bibiliography of relevant auction
 literature (with hyperlinks?)
 4.  Would you be willing to offer auction consulting
 services to our customers (if they are interested)
Third:
There is an e-procurement forum at Haas School of business,
in May 22. The chair of the forum is my advisor Prof. Arie Segev.
A person from Wells Fargo Bank will talk about Wells Fargo's role
in e-marketplace payment initiative,
where ENRON broadband services is also one of key players
along with Citibank.
He asked me whether you can contact a person at
ENRON broadband services, who's related to the initiative.
He wants to know whether we will have a speaker from ENRON
to see ENRON's perspective, in the Forum.
Here is a link to news related to the initiative,
Fourth:
My advisor wants to know whether
there could be any opportunity to do a case study,
regarding ENRON's business.
He is interested in e-procurement and e-marketplaces.
Business model and System architecture 
Thanks for reading this long email.
I'll look forward to your answer..
I am sorry for giving you so much burden
to answer those questions possibly not easy to answer.
Warm Jinbaek
Go Bears!
:"'._..---.._      :      a   a      :                 __....._
:     _.-0-._           : `._`-'_           __    .'      __.'      .'`--..__      _._   
On Mon, 5 Mar 2001 Vince.J.Kaminski@ wrote: