yet his price forecast from last week is 2.60ish for next summer...is that the struggle between bullish next summer but coming out of the winter with a lot of gas in the ground?
wrong assumption--he intends to come out as a big bull at this year's october conference --sees production treadmill scenario again--expects tightness to rear its head in h2-02. they have reduced their dwgom numbers in 03-05. he is still bearish this year thats it--he thinks time to get long is at 2.00 
what's your longer term 3-12 month view of heat?  thinking about buying against short natty for next summer.
think trade reluctant to sell here until they see aga on wednesday and knowing that tropical activity will develop at some point.  however, think the failure from 335 last thursday will weigh on people.  think that nobody wants to own above 325, only as very short term trade to sell to someone else 5-10 cents higher unless aga is very bullish.
I like it. But I am the minority. relative to nat gas I think HO has greter propensity to spike. right now I am working on just such analysis -will have details late rthis week.  I will probably spread TZ6 or NYMEX vs HO (going long the ho portion). Remember that unlike NG, about 90-92% of HO is made on demand -so stocks are not as important. also I think relative to NG HO sotcks are lower in that we are not headed to all time highs lin ho like we are in ng.also EUrope had ver vey warm winter last year. Reversion to norm especially in early (nov-mar) could keep things tighter if arb opens to EC.
We are beginning to see run cuts. I think OPEC is serious.
what si your view on ng t this week and next?
what's your longer term 3-12 month view of heat?  thinking about buying against short natty for next summer. 
if the number last week was right, then that looks possible.  however, 2 weeks ago the # came out higher than everybody thought so all the models were jacked up.  aga is certainly much better than the api but still cant put too much into one number
what do you think of a 63 aga?
think trade reluctant to sell here until they see aga on wednesday and knowing that tropical activity will develop at some point.  however, think the failure from 335 last thursday will weigh on people.  think that nobody wants to own above 325, only as very short term trade to sell to someone else 5-10 cents higher unless aga is very bullish.
I like it. But I am the minority. relative to nat gas I think HO has greter propensity to spike. right now I am working on just such analysis -will have details late rthis week.  I will probably spread TZ6 or NYMEX vs HO (going long the ho portion). Remember that unlike NG, about 90-92% of HO is made on demand -so stocks are not as important. also I think relative to NG HO sotcks are lower in that we are not headed to all time highs lin ho like we are in ng.also EUrope had ver vey warm winter last year. Reversion to norm especially in early (nov-mar) could keep things tighter if arb opens to EC.
We are beginning to see run cuts. I think OPEC is serious.
what si your view on ng t this week and next?
what's your longer term 3-12 month view of heat?  thinking about buying against short natty for next summer. 
not really.  i actually don't think the market's going to move too much even though the range of expectations is huge.  there are enough people on the sidelines to mute a move either way
For extra credit If the company is worth 150% more under management A rather than 50% more, does your answer change?
will you do all of my homework?
i'll pay a grand total of 0
Please respond to  
Please read the following problem very carefully, and write in a number at
the end.  You should be ready to defend your answer.  Only a number is
allowed, not an algebraic equation.
Acquiring a Company
In the following exercise you will represent Company A (the acquirer),
which is currently considering acquiring Company T (the target) by means of
a tender offer.  You plan to tender in cash for 100% of Company T's shares
but are unsure how high a price to offer.  The main complication is this:
the value of Company T depends directly on the outcome of a major oil
exploration project it is currently undertaking.  Indeed, the very
viability
of Company T depends on the exploration outcome.  If the project fails, the
company under current management will be worth nothing--$0/share.  But if
the project succeeds, the value of the company under current management
could be as high as $100/share.  All share values between $0 and $100 are
considered equally likely.  By all estimates, the company will be worth
considerably more in the hands of Company A than under current management.
In fact, whatever the ultimate value under current management, the company
will be worth fifty percent more under the management of A than under
Company T.  If the project fails, the company is worth $0/share under
either
management.  If the exploration project generates a $50/share value under
current management, the value under Company A is $75/share.  Similarly, a
$100/share value under Company T implies a $150/share value under Company
A,
and so on.
The board of directors of Company A has asked you to determine the
price
they should offer for Company T's shares.  This offer must be made now,
before the outcome of the drilling project is known.  From all indications,
Company T would be happy to be acquired by Company A, provided it is at a
profitable price.  Moreover, Company T wishes to avoid, at all cost, the
potential of a takeover bid by any other firm.  You expect Company T to
delay a decision on your bid until the results of the project are in, then
accept or reject your offer before the news of the drilling results reaches
the press.
Thus, you (Company A) will not know the results of the exploration
project
when submitting your price offer, but Company T will know the results when
deciding whether or not to accept your offer.  In addition, Company T will
accept any offer by Company A that is greater than the (per share) value of
the company under current management.  Thus, if you offer $50/share, for
instance, Company T will accept if the value of the company to Company T is
anything less than $50.
As the representative of Company A, you are deliberating over price
offers
in the range of $0/share (this is tantamount to making no offer at all) to
$150/share.  What price offer per share would you tender for Company T's
stock?
$______ per/share
me thinks below but won't really move until closer to expiry
thanks.trust life is good to you. am in tokyo this week. has weather (HDD, storms) arrived too late to save nat gas? what about sep expiry above or below 3$-
not really.  i actually don't think the market's going to move too much even though the range of expectations is huge.  there are enough people on the sidelines to mute a move either way
i'm just here to do my job and not worry about prestige, or something
both inside and outside ene ( i heard from kayvan this morning)
JA- youngest MD at Christmas
odds?
me thinks below but won't really move until closer to expiry
thanks.trust life is good to you. am in tokyo this week. has weather (HDD, storms) arrived too late to save nat gas? what about sep expiry above or below 3$-
not really.  i actually don't think the market's going to move too much even though the range of expectations is huge.  there are enough people on the sidelines to mute a move either way
i probably would have told you within the first 2 months
rock and roll.  when were you planning on telling me-after he had been on the desk for three months.  you are never going to make the good vp list.
asap.  how about we just make him sign it and then the two of us split the 10k??
I'm still at work and very hungry-that is what is up with me.  what is up with you?
We have been doing 10k (i think) for them to sign the retention agreement.  We sh/d be consistent.  I will verify number w/Karen Buckley and have legal produce the doc.  When are you thinking of having him move over?
what is up with you?
just kidding.  we're bringing him onto the desk in an analytical role assuming his reviews are a-okay.  can you get me a 3 month evergreen doc with his name on it for if we do hire him.  the question was whether to bring him into the trading track.  we're gonna bring him on and if he does well, just merge him into it.
what is up with him?  i left his reviews in your bottom desk drawer-shred them please. 
Hey,
Surprised to hear from you.  jeff is in charge of nat gas operations and reports to sally beck who is in charge of all back office ops.  as of this morn, he is still here.   i've heard some wacky enron rumors before but this one is pretty good.  where'd you hear this?
 How are ya?!