MBD
Left a message with the good doctor.  Will let you know just as soon as I 
hear.
Best,
Jeff
Robert Hemstock@ECT
11/15/2000 04:23 PM
Professor Michaels, 
Further to the voicemail message I left for you today regarding speaking 
early next year at the IPPSA Conference in Banff, Alberta the details are: 
Topic: The California Experience - Lessons that Alberta Can Learn From (or 
something like this title - although I was unable to open the presentation on 
your website entitled" "California's Electrical Disaster and the Furture of 
Competitive Power" I would expect based on this title that much of what is in 
that presentation would be of interest to those attending the IPPSA 
Conference. 
Date: Monday March 19, 2001 13:00 - 13:30 (Conference is 2 full days - March 
19-20, 2001)
Reimbursements: Travel (economy class) and one night at Rimrock Hotel.  Also 
free conference registration (which includes meals during conference).
Deadline for presentation materials so they can be included in the conference 
binder: February 28, 2001
Conference Information: the conference is held at the Rimrock Hotel in Banff, 
Alberta and has been sold out the last three years.  It will attract about 
400 delegates in 2001 from across Canada and the U.S. with the majority of 
the delegates being generation developers, large consumers, marketers, and 
policy makers from Western Canada. The speakers include a number of respected 
academics/consultants from across North America, senior industry 
representatives, senior government representatives, and senior 
representatives from the Alberta Transmission Administrator and Power Pool of 
Alberta. 
I look forward to your reply.  My telephone number is (403) 974-6746.
,
Rob Hemstock
Can't thank you enough.  Great report and I wish that I'd been there with you 
to experience it.  I'd like to stay in touch.  It's a high priority of mine 
to come down there (as I've mentioned a few times).  I'm going to try and do 
it before the month's out.  I hope we can have lunch or something and compare 
notes about all this stuff.  This won't be going away for quite some time.
Thanks again for your help.
Best,
Jeff
Dana Perino  	11/14/2000 02:49 PM
Hi, Jeff 
I'm so glad you called today and that I could run over to the FERC 
meeting.  Always interesting!
Here are my notes -- I apologize in advance if they are a little 
rough.  Over the past few years I've become a much faster typist than when 
I write longhand.
Gov. Gray Davis
November 14, 2000
FERC Hearing in San Diego
Serious flaws in the energy market in California.  Rates are not reasonable 
nor just.  Two points:
1.  Given FERC's findings, you must order refunds. If you don't, then what 
was the point of the findings.  Believes FERC has the authority to issue 
the refunds and called on them to order them sooner than later.
2.  Impose hard price caps and big caps that will protest consumers from 
another anticipated crisis in summer 2001.
Davis said he believes that deregulation can work eventually, if market is 
competitive and all parties act responsibly.  But he believes it will take 
4-5 years to get to a competitive market.  Without the price caps, he 
believes there will be a lot of unwarranted pain inflicted on the consumers 
and businesses of CA.
He said there is no justification for the huge profits the energy companies 
netted in the third quarter.  He said he won't stand to allow CA companies 
to be brought to their knees.  The market is dysfunctional.  People in SD 
believe the marketplace is being manipulated for obscene profits.  Wants to 
level off dereg for 4-5 years to allow market to work and for more power 
plants to come online.
He said he believes in people making money and that dereg can work -- but 
only when it's competitive.
Strong belief in wholesale price caps.  Angry that FERC stripped CA ISO's 
ability to protect consumers against price spikes.  He said FERC's plan is 
a reckless deregulation experiment and that the Commission's plan will only 
make things worse next summer. Davis asked FERC to modify its order.
He said that FERC doesn't believe that CA can get the plants 
online.  Doesn't blame them given the history of CA, but that he has taken 
measures to speed up from 1 year to 6 months to site new plants.  He's 
allocated $50 million from the general fund and $500 million for demand 
reduction, renewables and conservation programs.  He believes he can reduce 
demand and increase supply without public health risks or environmental 
degradation.
He said he wants to have someone accountable/electable to the ISO and the 
Power Exchange Boards, that the state should have the right to include 
people from CA on those Boards.  He talked about the negative effects the 
actions in CA will have on other states watching this "great deregulation 
experiment."
He said FERC's proposed solution does nothing to lower prices.  To the 
contrary, it's to bring businesses and consumers to their knees.  And Davis 
predicted "a ratepayers revolt that will strip FERC of its authority and 
take matters into their own hands."  He said he believes strongly that FERC 
has the remedies to protect consumers, give them rebates and prevent this 
from happening again.
He said if FERC just focuses on getting more plants online, all hell is 
going to break loose. That FERC can't sit in Washington, 3,000 miles away 
and take action on CA -- that will only cause more problems.
Dana speaking again --  If any of this doesn't make sense or you have 
additional questions, please let me know. I have a few things scribbled in 
the margins that may help piece it together better.
Again, thanks for the opportunity to help.  I look forward to talking to 
you again soon.
Best,
Dana
Dana Perino
dana@gablegroup.com
619-234-1300 ext. 238
I'll take a wild guess about what will be in the plan.
1. Marshall Law
2. Nationalize the grid.
3. International energy crimes trial.
Mona L Petrochko
11/15/2000 07:42 PM
No rumors from the AB 1890 group either.  Seems like the plan is being 
developed by a select few and very close to the vest.
Susan J Mara
11/15/2000 06:01 PM
The Governor obviously picked Dec 1 so they could review everyone's filings 
from the 22nd.  I've asked our lobbying firm -- governmental Advocates -- to 
see what they can find out about the plan.  I haven't even heard any rumors.
Dr. Littlechild 
I'm very disappointed that our schedules seemed to pass in the night.  I had 
an engagement on Monday night, which regrettably kept me from having dinner 
with the speakers.  And Tuesday I was traveling.  I tried to call the 
Claremont and had a dreadful time trying to leave you a message.  If you 
haven't left the states yet, I would very much like to get together Otherwise, I'll just have to come to London.  I understand that David Teece 
has filled you in on our discussions.  Would like to discuss that futher with 
you.  It was a great pleasure to meet you, however briefly, and I hope that 
our paths cross again very soon.
All the best,
Jeff
"Stephen Littlechild"  	11/14/2000 11:46 AM
Jeff
Sorry we missed last night. I was expecting to see you at the dinner. I 
should like to visit the office if there is time. My constraints today are 
lecture at Berkeley 12.30 to 2pm, and they suggest I should be there around 
11.30 beforehand. Also a request to meet someone from STG consulting, with 
whom I am doing some work, probably in Menlo Park, and an invitation to 
dinner in Berkeley area. I had thought we might meet this morning before the 
lecture, but probably too late now. Could do afterwards, en route to Menlo 
Park? I am at Claremont Hotel until around 11.15, tel 510 843 3000 room 325. 
Am in Business Centre on Hotmail at present but computer's a bit slow here.
Stephen
Share information about yourself, create your own public profile at 
Sue:  My understanding is that, based on the discussion that you and Steve 
and I had last week, you're going to set up a meeting with Tim to discuss 
this.  Something we need to get our arms around fairly quickly.  Any 
possibility of doing it on Monday?
Best,
Jeff
Steven J Kean
11/16/2000 06:15 AM
Has anyone talked with Tim B about what Larcamp said -- ie the soft cap only 
applies to PX and ISO bids and not to any bilateral contracts including 
bilateral fwd contracts 	Donna Fulton
11/14/2000 09:33 AM
Just to pile on with the issues, I will add a few thoughts of my own for 
issues that we might want to consider in our November 20 comments Re: the application of the price cap to only PX and ISO, Commissioner Massey 
is not totally on board.  He specifically asked about capping the forward 
market.  He raised the idea that he had gotten from the San Diego hearing 
that there be an accepted forward contract for a specified timeframe (18-24 
months) and specified rate, and that all loads must buy a minimum percentage 
of their needs from this contract.
A staffer (Don Gelinas) asked whether the forward/bilateral market 
(presumably uncapped) could take care of investment recovery so that 
generation not be cancelled in California.
Dynegy and other marketers raised the issue of the test to be used by the 
Commission in reviewing transactions above the soft cap.  Specifically, what 
is opportunity cost?  As long as the test is not known until after the fact, 
there will be lack of secuity selling into the California and greater 
incentive to sell elsewhere.
Hobbs from Williams raised the possibility that if the Commission does not 
eliminate the soft cap (his preferred approach), that the cap should be 
temporary and escalating and there should be limited time for raising issues 
and retaining the refund liability (he suggested that the refund liability be 
only for one month).
Many, especially the utilities, raised their position that the Commission 
should not institute penalties only on the load.  They claimed this was 
one-sided and suggested if penalties were required, they needed to be applied 
to the supply side as well.  They also argued that the load could not meet 
the 5% test.
Massey had a concern at the end of the day that the Commission's 
encouragement of forward contracts will be stymied by the CPUC by their 
authority in reviewing prudence of the utilities' purchases.
Larcamp asked at the end of the day for information on the cost of generation 
before deregulation - normalized for gas prices and emmission prices of 
today.  The marketer on the panel added that we would need to include 
stranded costs.
There was almost no support for the single price auction in California.
The California politicians argued that the ISO Board structure needed to be 
changed, but that California had jurisdiction to change it, not FERC.  A 
Court battle was threatened.
Steven J Kean
11/13/2000 08:51 AM
There are a few other issues we need to look into:
Larcamp told Hartsoe and I after the meeting that FERC may clarify that the 
price caps and reporting obligations apply only to bids into the PX and ISO 
-- ie no bilateral transaction will be subject to the requirements.  He asked 
if knowing this would change any of our views (esp peaking plants, though I 
suspect it's already too late for that).  My gut reaction is that so long as 
the market continues to clear through the centralized exchanges this 
"exemption" for bilateral transactions won't matter much, but let's think it 
through.  Is EOL or APX an alternative?
Massey specifically asked us to address forward markets in our comments Specifically, "has FERC done everything it can to encourage forward market 
development?"  In addition to any other points we might make, I think we 
should argue that "PJMing" the market won't facilitate and may even hinder 
forward market development.  Also, we should advocate actions by FERC that 
take away second-guessing by the CPUC in order to reduce utility fears about 
contracting forward.
We have to give the Commission a way out on price caps.  We need to think 
through whether there is something we can live with here, or we should take 
the approach I took in my testimony:  FERC should encourage the state to 
provide rate protection for selected customer classes by putting those 
requirements up for bid (ie get the utility out of the commodity business as 
much as possible).
Finally, on governence issues we should argue for a narrowe role for the ISO 
as a way of diffusing the emotional governence debate.  Analogy:  if the ISO 
is simply the air traffic controller all parties will simply be interested in 
retaining the most technically competent people (not hiring or appointing 
their lackies or friends).  So long as the ISO has a role in setting prices, 
acquiring supplies or running the market, it is destined to be controversial 
and highly politicized.  Those functions should be left to the market.
Mary Hain@ECT
11/10/2000 11:13 AM
For purposes of our discussions, Alan and I have put together an outline of 
issues raised in the FERC meeting today that we might consider putting in our 
comments to FERC.  Our written comments would also include the issues we have 
already raised in our white paper and our oral comments at FERC.  Of course 
to the extent we have discussed things in our white paper we could simply 
cite the paper.  Given the potentially long list of issues to be addressed, I 
haved left a voice mail asking Seabron if he is available to help Alan.
B.O.  you hearing any reviews?  i think it opened this week, or last week And I think Cameron's got it right, you guys on the 29th, me and P. Dub-yah 
on the 6th.  Hey, I saw the menu that Nancy sent around.  Is she cooking on 
her own birthday?
Ol' Easy Goin'
Cameron Sellers  	11/16/2000 12:26 PM
I am pretty sure our date is the 29th.  They are going on the 6th. 
Cameron Sellers
Vice President, Business Development
PERFECT
1860 Embarcadero Road - Suite 210
Palo Alto, CA 94303
cameron@perfect.com
650.798.3366 (direct dial)
650.269.3366 (cell)
650.858.1095 (fax)
Hey, I'm just wondering, when are we slated to go see Woody, Sean, Nick and 
the boys? It's coming up, no?
Hope all's well,
B.O.
Share information about yourself, create your own public profile at 
Got your message.  You're a pal.  Can't thank you enough.  Wish you the best 
of luck on the options program.  If you can send me a copy of the 
presentation on the options programs, boy, I'd love to have one.  Please give 
our lovely counsel a big hug for me.  And I plan to be out there again real 
soon.
Best,
Jeff
Jeffery Fawcett@
08/31/2000 05:32 PM
Jeff,
Sorry I've been hard to get a hold of... we held a workshop today to talk 
about our proposed Transport Options program.  I found a copy of what I'd 
sent to you before.  I'll stand behind these numbers today as representing 
the dollar value of the risk Transwestern faced in the proceeding.  What's 
not clear from my original note is that these cost impacts were annual, and 
such impacts would continue year to year thereafter until 
conditions/circumstances changed.  I hope this is useful.
Jeffery Fawcett
03/06/2000 04:40 PM
Jeff,
You asked me to try to quantify the impact of Transwestern losing access 
rights to 200 MMcf/d of capacity at SoCal Needles as part of the GIR 
proceeding.  Unfortunately, it's not a precise science inasmuch as it depends 
on the shippers' reaction and/or retaliation to such circumstances.  As a 
baseline, Transwestern is almost fully subscribed under various term length 
contracts (and has been since 1998) to the California Border, including the 
750 MMcf/d of capacity available at SoCal Needles 
In concept, under SFV rates, the majority of revenues would otherwise be 
realized by TW, notwithstanding the circumstance of TW shippers being denied 
full access to their primary delivery point.  In this "best case," the loss 
to TW would be the commodity rates (theoretically, a wash, since they 
presumably represent the true variable cost of TW providing the service), and 
the revenue benefit associated with the fuel margin, calculated to be $5.8MM.
If TW shippers took the position that TW was responsible, and therefore, 
accountable for their inability to consumate a portion of their transactions 
into SoCal Gas' system, then TW faces a "more onerous case" in which it loses 
the demand charge component of their contracts calculated to be $16.5MM Coupled with the aforementioned fuel margin, the total loss is $22.3MM. 
In the worst case, in addition to the actual damages or costs to TW's 
shippers described above, TW shippers may face performance penalties or other 
contractual damages involving their commodity sales to customers behind SoCal 
Gas.  Therfore, TW shippers may attempt to extract those same penalties and 
costs from TW.
Realistically, I'd say that TW faces a loss somewhere between the best case 
and the more onerous case, maybe in the $12 - $15MM range.
I hope this information is useful for purposes of your analysis.  Let me know 
if I can be of any further assistance.
Meeting from 11:30 to 12:30 but otherwise available.
Joseph Alamo
11/16/2000 11:37 AM
Hello,
I just sent this, but I don't think it went thru.  Mona left me a vm asking 
for your schedules for today.  Please let me know so I can get back to her.
Thanks
Esther
Nov 16,2000
California Power Plants Get Jolt
As Natural-Gas Supplies Are Cut
By Rebecca Smith
Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal  
LOS ANGELES -- Southern California power plants, already stressed to their 
limits last summer, got another jolt this week as a cold snap caused a sharp 
curtailment of supplies of natural gas used to generate electricity. 
The power plants were able to switch to burning oil and continue to produce 
electricity. But the unusual curtailment of natural gas underlines concerns 
that an increased reliance on gas for power generation across the U.S. is 
putting the reliability of the nation's electricity supply at risk. 
That's because virtually all power plants now under construction in the U.S. 
burn gas and only gas. The units affected this week in San Diego were able to 
shift to oil only because they were older plants that originally were 
constructed to burn oil. Generators have been reluctant to add a dual-fuel 
flexibility to plants in recent years because oil is far more polluting than 
gas and generally has been costlier. 
In California, where gas-supply problems first surfaced on Monday in San 
Diego, there is pessimism about a Hydra-like energy crisis that seems to grow 
new heads every day. The state weathered three-dozen electrical emergencies 
last summer, caused by a shortage of electricity. Officials had hoped to 
solve the problem by speeding up construction of new generating plants. Now, 
they're finding the state may be building its way out of an electrical 
problem and into a gas problem. 
One official, who has been warning of the danger of reliance on a single 
fuel, said this week's disruption pointed out the necessity of developing a 
comprehensive energy policy that recognizes how changes in usage of oil, gas 
and electricity affect each other. "We don't just need new generating plants 
and transmission lines, we may need pipelines, too," said Terry Winter, chief 
executive officer of the California Independent System Operator, the 
organization responsible for maintaining adequate electricity supplies.  "You 
can't look at these things in isolation 
The natural-gas problems surfaced when the local gas-distribution company, 
San Diego Gas & Electric Co., notified power-plant operators and a handful of 
industrial users that it would be restricting their gas use by about half. In 
California, residential and small businesses have first crack at natural gas, 
and industrial uses are regarded as secondary, even if they are generating 
plants. Dynegy Inc., the Houston-based energy concern that owns some of the 
older plants that serve San Diego, immediately switched to oil. But it didn't 
like doing so; its plants create three times as much pollution when  they 
burn oil and exhaust valuable air-pollution emission credits that power  
plants here need to operate. 
The San Diego units couldn't simply be shut down, because the state was short 
of power. Roughly 30% of the state's capacity already was off-line, including 
many of its nuclear units, as most of those plants are now undergoing repair 
after being run at capacity limits throughout the summer. 
What's more, the gas-pipeline system that feeds San Diego isn't big enough to 
begin with. The system was built primarily to serve residential customers and 
not big power plants. 
The problems could persist, off and on, through the winter. That's because 
gas-storage levels are down sharply from a year ago throughout the nation, 
but especially in California, because it ran its gas-fired units so hard last 
summer. This time last year, Southern California had 87 billion cubic feet of 
gas in storage. Now, it's roughly 50 billion cubic feet, or 43% less. Prices 
also have moved up sharply, from roughly $2.50 a million British thermal 
units to around $8 this week. Nationally, storage levels are down about 8% 
from a year ago. 
"Gas is trading higher in California than anywhere else in the nation," said 
High prices for fuel also push up prices for the end product, electricity. In 
California the average price for electricity to be delivered Thursday was 
$228 per megawatt hour. That's double the price a week ago and five times the 
price a year earlier. 
Lisa:  Sorry, but Joseph's gone on vacation for the week.  I think that the 
size of the group is going to require that we do this offsite.  We use the 
"Park Hyatt" in San Francisco.  Could you check with Paul and let him know 
that I think that we need to go offsite, given the size of the crowd, and if 
he agrees, could you go ahead and check into getting a room at the Park 
Hyatt?  As always, I'm greatly indebted.  If there are any problems, or if 
you have any questions, don't hesitate to give me a call.
Best,
Jeff
Lysa Akin@ECT
11/16/2000 10:37 AM
Per Rick Shapiro, pllease be advised that the meeting referenced above has 
been changed as follows:
Date: Tuesday, December 5th
Time: 9:00am - 1:30pm Pacific
Where: San Francisco Office
At this time, Paul would prefer to keep this as an internal GA meeting with 
our outside lobbyists.  At this time we are not inviting the Enron Business 
units to attend, but please feel free to invite anyone else in the GA group 
you feel should attend 
HOWEVER, if you invite someone else, please advise me so that we can ensure 
we have adequate space in San Francisco to accommodate everyone.  Thanks!
Melissa Cortez - please forward to Scott AND Hedy.  Also, I will forward 
directions to our offices to you under a separate e-mail.
Lysa Akin
503/464-7927
Lysa Akin
11/14/2000 04:52 PM
Please be advised that I have scheduled the above referenced meeting as 
follows:
Date: Tuesday, November 28th
Time: 10:30am - 3:30pm Pacific
Where: San Francisco Office
Most of you "penciled in" this appointment when I spoke to you, please make 
plans to attend!!
At this time, Paul would prefer to keep this as an internal GA meeting with 
our outside lobbyists.  At this time we are not inviting the Enron Business 
units to attend, but please feel free to invite anyone else in the GA group 
you feel should attend.  HOWEVER, if you invite someone else, please advise 
me so that we can ensure we have adequate space in San Francisco to 
accommodate everyone.  Thanks!
Melissa Cortez - please forward to Scott AND Hedy.
Jim Steffes & Marcia Linton - I am aware that Jim is on vacation the week of 
the 27th.  In the event that he can participate via teleconference, I will 
forward a dial in number by the end of the week.
Lysa Akin
503/464-7927
Dear LYSA:
I can only apologize profusely.
Profuse apologies,
Jeff
Lysa Akin@ECT
11/16/2000 01:10 PM
Jeff 
I am more than happy to work with the Park Hyatt to reserve a room 
However, I will only do it on the condition that you make a concerted effort 
to spell my name correctly My mother would greatly appreciate you acknowledging the vast amounts of 
drugs she was on when she filled out my birth certificate 
Consider it done.
With mucho giggles,
Lysa 
Lisa:  Sorry, but Joseph's gone on vacation for the week.  I think that the 
size of the group is going to require that we do this offsite.  We use the 
"Park Hyatt" in San Francisco.  Could you check with Paul and let him know 
that I think that we need to go offsite, given the size of the crowd, and if 
he agrees, could you go ahead and check into getting a room at the Park 
Hyatt?  As always, I'm greatly indebted.  If there are any problems, or if 
you have any questions, don't hesitate to give me a call.
Best,
Jeff
Lysa Akin@ECT
11/16/2000 10:37 AM
Per Rick Shapiro, pllease be advised that the meeting referenced above has 
been changed as follows:
Date: Tuesday, December 5th
Time: 9:00am - 1:30pm Pacific
Where: San Francisco Office
At this time, Paul would prefer to keep this as an internal GA meeting with 
our outside lobbyists.  At this time we are not inviting the Enron Business 
units to attend, but please feel free to invite anyone else in the GA group 
you feel should attend 
HOWEVER, if you invite someone else, please advise me so that we can ensure 
we have adequate space in San Francisco to accommodate everyone.  Thanks!
Melissa Cortez - please forward to Scott AND Hedy.  Also, I will forward 
directions to our offices to you under a separate e-mail.
Lysa Akin
503/464-7927
Lysa Akin
11/14/2000 04:52 PM
Please be advised that I have scheduled the above referenced meeting as 
follows:
Date: Tuesday, November 28th
Time: 10:30am - 3:30pm Pacific
Where: San Francisco Office
Most of you "penciled in" this appointment when I spoke to you, please make 
plans to attend!!
At this time, Paul would prefer to keep this as an internal GA meeting with 
our outside lobbyists.  At this time we are not inviting the Enron Business 
units to attend, but please feel free to invite anyone else in the GA group 
you feel should attend.  HOWEVER, if you invite someone else, please advise 
me so that we can ensure we have adequate space in San Francisco to 
accommodate everyone.  Thanks!
Melissa Cortez - please forward to Scott AND Hedy.
Jim Steffes & Marcia Linton - I am aware that Jim is on vacation the week of 
the 27th.  In the event that he can participate via teleconference, I will 
forward a dial in number by the end of the week.
Lysa Akin
503/464-7927
In case you didn't get the information in my first email, my name is Jeff=20
Dasovich and I'm in the Evening MBA program.
=09"Dean's Office"  =0911/16/2000 11:01 AM
=09=09=20
At 03:42 PM 11/15/00 -0600, you wrote:
I would like to attend the event with Secretary Summers.
PLEASE READ THE FOLLOWING ANNOUNCEMENT CAREFULLY
Thank you for your interest in attending the program at the Haas School of=20
Business featuring United States Secretary of the Treasury Larry Summers. =20
Secretary Summers will be at the Haas School on Wednesday December 6, 2000 as=20
part of the 2000-2001 Haas Business Faculty Research Dialogue.  His speech=20
will take place in the Haas School=01,s Arthur Andersen Auditorium at 1:45pm. =20
Secretary Summers will talk about his experiences as a primary shaper of U.S.=20
economic policy during the past eight years, first as Robert Rubin=01,s deputy=20
in the first Clinton Administration and later replacing Rubin as Secretary of=20
the Treasury.  Secretary Summers will also talk about the prospects for=20
continued growth in the U.S. economy under the next presidential=20
administration.
All seats for the program on Wednesday December 6, 2000 will be allocated on=20
a first-come, first served basis and seating will be limited.  All Haas=20
School faculty and students are being requested to reserve a seat in the=20
Auditorium by sending an email to researchdialogue@haas.berkeley.edu by=20
Monday November 20, as you have done.  All emailed requests should include a=20
full name as well as Haas School affiliation/class.  After November 20, seats=20
will be made available to other members of the UC Berkeley community. =20
Therefore, please remind your colleagues to send their requests soon to=20
guarantee their seating in the Auditorium.
If you have qualified for a seat in the Auditorium for the program with=20
Secretary of the Treasury Larry Summers, you will receive confirmation by=20
email no later than Monday November 27.  If you were not able to get a seat=20
in the Auditorium, you will receive notification about how you may be able to=20
view the program via simulcast.  If you have additional questions about the=20
program, please contact Pam Gleason in the Dean=01,s Office at 510-643-2027.
got the message.  in a word:  i love you.  thanks 
(is there an alternative to reviews?)
best,
jeff
Annette:
Here are Jackie's cover letter and resume.  Thanks very much for you help Hope it's not a bother.
Best,
Jeff
Jacqueline Kelly  	11/08/2000 01:10 AM
Thanks for passing this along!
-Jackie
- 001102 schwab cover letter .doc
- KellyJacquelineA.-Nov02-00.doc
Glad to hear it.  On the down side, it appears that I won't get you that 
email I promised until tomorrow.  If that's totally unacceptable, let me know.
Best,
Jeff
Robert Hemstock@ECT
11/16/2000 04:05 PM
He called me today and confirmed he will come.  Thanks for your help.
Left a message with the good doctor.  Will let you know just as soon as I 
hear.
Best,
Jeff
Robert Hemstock@ECT
11/15/2000 04:23 PM
Professor Michaels, 
Further to the voicemail message I left for you today regarding speaking 
early next year at the IPPSA Conference in Banff, Alberta the details are: 
Topic: The California Experience - Lessons that Alberta Can Learn From (or 
something like this title - although I was unable to open the presentation on 
your website entitled" "California's Electrical Disaster and the Furture of 
Competitive Power" I would expect based on this title that much of what is in 
that presentation would be of interest to those attending the IPPSA 
Conference. 
Date: Monday March 19, 2001 13:00 - 13:30 (Conference is 2 full days - March 
19-20, 2001)
Reimbursements: Travel (economy class) and one night at Rimrock Hotel.  Also 
free conference registration (which includes meals during conference).
Deadline for presentation materials so they can be included in the conference 
binder: February 28, 2001
Conference Information: the conference is held at the Rimrock Hotel in Banff, 
Alberta and has been sold out the last three years.  It will attract about 
400 delegates in 2001 from across Canada and the U.S. with the majority of 
the delegates being generation developers, large consumers, marketers, and 
policy makers from Western Canada. The speakers include a number of respected 
academics/consultants from across North America, senior industry 
representatives, senior government representatives, and senior 
representatives from the Alberta Transmission Administrator and Power Pool of 
Alberta. 
I look forward to your reply.  My telephone number is (403) 974-6746.
,
Rob Hemstock
I think that it would be bad if Nancy had to cook her own birthday dinner 
Prentice Sellers  	11/16/2000 03:49 PM
I think that was a hint that that's something we should cook for her.
At 12:36 PM 11/16/2000 -0600, Jeff.Dasovich@ wrote:
B.O.  you hearing any reviews?  i think it opened this week, or last week?
And I think Cameron's got it right, you guys on the 29th, me and P. Dub-yah
on the 6th.  Hey, I saw the menu that Nancy sent around.  Is she cooking on
her own birthday?