Contact Mark Gladstone at mgladstone@sjmercury.com or (916) 325-4314.
Dan Walters: Davis plays in a virtual world while the energy reality continues
(Published July 11, 2001) 
California still has a very real and very severe energy crisis, to wit: 
The state is still running up massive debts as it pays more for power than it 
can recover from ratepayers and is having trouble borrowing billions of 
dollars to cover the debt. 
There is a strong possibility, perhaps a probability, that when summer's heat 
truly descends, there will be severe power blackouts as air conditioners 
demand more juice than California can generate or buy. 
One major utility, Pacific Gas and Electric, has filed for bankruptcy 
protection and a second, Southern California Edison, is on the brink of 
joining it. 
There is, however, a virtual energy crisis consisting of political spin, 
media leaks and made-for-television buzz words -- and it is rapidly becoming 
dominant, while the real situation fades into the background. 
This week's comic opera proceedings before a Federal Energy Regulatory 
Commission administrative judge in Washington had little to do with reality 
and everything to do with the virtual version. 
Gov. Gray Davis and other officials demanded $8.9 billion in refunds from the 
generators and brokers who have been selling California power for the past 
year, alleging that California is, in Davis' words, "being gouged and ripped 
off." But the number itself was more or less plucked out of thin air -- an 
arithmetic exercise by the state power grid's traffic controller not intended 
for a refund proceeding. And while Judge Curtis Wagner saw it as unrealistic, 
Davis and other state officials insisted on its validity. 
"There are refunds due that total hundreds of millions of dollars and maybe a 
billion dollars," Wagner said as a final negotiating session collapsed. But 
that's a far cry from the $8.9 billion that Davis insists is due. "If you 
think California is going to settle for $1 billion in refunds, we will see 
you in court," Davis said Tuesday. 
Why is Davis being so belligerent? Because it's good politics. Ever since he 
began berating out-of-state generators and accusing them of ripping off 
California, Davis' approval ratings have been climbing. If he settled for 
substantially less -- the power generators probably would agree to a couple 
of billion dollars to rid themselves of the matter -- Davis would be 
embarrassed. Politically, he's served by continuing to portray himself as 
fighting for California and against the out-of-state generators. 
That it's more political construct than reality is indicated by another event 
this week, Davis' release of state power purchase data from early in the year 
-- numbers that were made public only because a judge told him he had to do 
it. 
Davis and his minions have been accusing Texas-based generators and power 
brokers of particularly egregious price gouging -- clearly playing on 
Californians' instinctive mistrust of anything Texan and implying that Texan 
George W. Bush is a co-conspirator. But the power purchase records -- which 
were released only to journalists willing to pay a stiff fee -- indicate that 
less than 10 percent of California's power purchase dollars were going to 
Texas and the private sellers, in general, charged the state less than such 
publicly owned utilities as the Los Angeles Department of Water and Power. 
The clearly adverse position being taken by FERC and the purchase data that 
undercut his jingoistic sloganeering are not, however, deterring Davis from 
continuing to operate, at least for public consumption, in the melodramatic 
virtual world. 
One cannot, however, ignore reality forever. The likelihood of a 
pro-generator decision from FERC means that there will be no easy out for 
Davis, or for his pending deal to prevent Southern California Edison from 
slipping into bankruptcy court. The Legislature has refused to act on the 
Edison rescue plan while it awaited an indication of whether the utility's 
debts would be slimmed down by FERC. 
This week's farcical events make it more likely that the Edison deal will 
stall out permanently in the Legislature and its creditors will force the 
utility into bankruptcy court later this summer. That's part of that nasty 
old reality that cannot simply be wished away. 
The Bee's Dan Walters can be reached at (916) 321-1195 or dwalters@sacbee.com
.
Susan J Mara
07/11/2001 12:08 PM
Your Real Audio will just show nothing for now.  Our lobbyist will call me 
when it starts up and I'll let you know right away.
Sue Mara
Enron Corp.
Tel: (415) 782-7802
Fax:(415) 782-7854
Joseph Alamo
07/11/2001 11:47 AM
Note: you click on the link:
Senate Committee Room 3191 
for the "location" of the hearing...and that should start the audio download!
Joseph
this is where I found it on the Senate website 
...then you click "audio" and it should load!
You bet.  Got your and Fran's messages.  If you'd like to discuss by phone, 
I'm in all day.  Otherwise, I suggest that we do take the following next 
steps 
Just as soon as you have the proposal and list of participants drafted (which 
I hope will be very soon), please forward to me Then, as quickly as possible, I'd like to have a meeting to discuss and 
finalize the proposal.  It would be very useful if Laura Tyson could be in on 
that final meeting, and, of course, any other of the participants that you'd 
like to invite.
We're are somewhat behind the eight ball due to the delays thus far in 
getting this thing off the ground.  If we're going to do it, it's going to 
have to come together quickly, and the report will have to be developed very 
quickly, too.  Hope that will be possible.
I'm assuming at this point that you and I are proceeding ahead absent Mitch 
and Carl, since they have sensitive issues with their clients that we can't 
seem to overcome?
And I'll inquire about the need for expert witnesses in the class action 
suit  and get back to you.
Best,
Jeff
better or worse than ours?
Dorothy Rothrock  	07/11/2001 12:20 PM
let me know if delaney doesn't send to you 
d
Jeff.Dasovich@ wrote:
 Thanks.  415.782.7854.  Better or worse than ours?