Q: What is a Hindu?
 A: It lays eggs.
Just wanted to remind everyone, party at my house on May 19th starting around 
4 p.n., probably eat around 6-6:30.  I am going to write out a map shortly 
and hand it out.  Please let me know if you can not attend and if you prefer 
any beer preferences(will have plenty of non alcoholic and wine and booze for 
PRyder).  Don't forget to bring your dates so my wife has someone to talk 
to.  Let me know if dogs or cats bother you so I can put them out(especially 
the damn cats).
PL
Please schedule Robert Cummings for an interview.  Darron Giron, Kam Keiser, 
Dame Baumbach and I need to interview him and we would like to do those two 
at a time.  Thanks.
PL
Hi Kam,
I am working with Toni Graham in reviewing resumes for your Risk Management 
position, Req. # 108785. I have reviewed all of the postings to date.  These 
were the ones that  were worth sending to you.  Please review and let me know 
which ones you would like me to phone screen. I will actively be looking for 
more resumes tomorrow as well 
Thanks! 
Imelda Trevino 
Human Resources 
ext.5-2539
Would you also please set this person up for an interview as well.  Thanks.
PL
Joy Werner@
05/03/2001 01:42 PM
Please schedule this candidate for an interview.  Same interview set up as 
always. Thanks.
PL
Joy Werner@
05/03/2001 01:40 PM
I did not have a yes/no button on your email.  I am not interested.  Thanks.
PL
reply to this so I can also add you to my address book.
PL
Scott.Crowell@us.cgeyc.com on 05/03/2001 11:57:12 AM
I am changing my email to scott_crowell@hotmail.com.
However, I have no way to transfer my address book.  Could you please send
a quick response to my hotmail account so I can have my addresses there.
Thanks.  Sorry for the trouble.
Scott Crowell
Cap Gemini Ernst & Young Consulting
Senior Consultant - Oracle High Growth
214.665.5751  office
214.543.9093  cellular
______________________________________________________________________
The information contained in this communication is intended solely for the
use of the individual or entity to whom it is addressed and others
authorized to receive it. It may contain confidential or legally privileged
information. If you are not the intended recipient you are hereby notified
that any disclosure, copying, distribution or taking any action in reliance
on the contents of this information is strictly prohibited and may be
unlawful. If you have received this communication in error, please notify
us immediately by responding to this email and then delete it from your
system. Cap Gemini Ernst & Young is neither liable for the proper and
complete transmission of the information contained in this communication
nor for any delay in its receipt.
Way to go guys, keep it up.
PL
John Valdes
05/03/2001 12:25 PM
We have received the April Liquidation file from portfolio accounting.  We 
are now up to 89%(Tagg deals containing Sitara #'s) with only a small handful 
containing Sitara #'s that are invalid(13).  Thanks for the work that you and 
your groups have done to make it easier to match up deals on the back end of 
the process.  Again, thank you.
John
I had a little bird put a word in my ear.  Is there any possibility for Ben 
Raimer to be Bush's secretary of HHS?  Just curious about that infamous UTMB 
rumor mill.  Hope things are well, happy holidays.
PL
Would you rather leave early every day and be over there by yourself, or work 
late a few days with good friends????  You tell me.
PL
ANR/ML7-GDM
PL
I will forward it on and see what I can do, we really like kids straight out 
of school...they are green and uncorrupted by the working world..Plus we can 
work them like dogs.
PL
yes
PL
ANR/Mainline 7
Stacey Vallejo
05/01/2001 11:50 AM
Hey Phillip,
I'm not sure if you were forwarded this message yesterday, so I'm sending it 
to you today.
Could you please flip the deals that are in your book to the FT-US/CAND-ERMS 
book 
as soon as possible 
Please let me know if you have any questions on this.
Thanks
Stacey
Stacey Vallejo
04/30/2001 04:40 PM
Hi guys,
Could you please go through all your books and see if there are any ECC deals 
in them for April or May settlements.  I've gone through a few and here are 
some deals that need to be flipped before noon tomorrow at the latest as I 
need to invoice them tomorrow.
FT-EAST
G-DAILY-EST
GD-CENTRAL
Please make sure that all these deals are flipped to the FT-US/CAND-ERMS book 
before noon Houston time on May first.
Please let me know if you have any questions on this.
Thanks
Stacey
anytime in the morning.
PL
this is done
PL
FYI - use this document if any of our traders get hit or hit a product by 
mistake.
PL
Jeffrey C Gossett
04/30/2001 07:45 AM
Jeff,
Can you pass on the message below to all of risk.  For EnronOnline, no trades 
should be "reversed" in TAGG.  Simply kill the deal and we'll take care of 
the documentation.
thanks,
Joe Hunter
Per my discussion with Mark Taylor and our conversation today, attached is 
the form of Termination Agreement that should be used when terminating 
EnronOnline mistake or "oops" trades.  The trades should continue to be 
initially run past the Legal Department to determine whether there are any 
unusual circumstances surrounding the trades, but absent unusual 
circumstances, Legal will then pass the trades on to the Confirmation Desk 
for preparation of the Termination Letter and further handling.  These same 
procedure should apply to physical as well as financial transactions.
Since this is a contract, the agreement will require the initials of a lawyer 
and signature of a VP or above for the relevant company.  The Termination 
Letter should be brought to the appropriate Legal Group for signature.
The current policy with respect to mistake trades is that the trade should be 
terminated.  Reverse trades should not be entered into.
If you have any questions, please call.
Too late....we had it for dinner last night.  Matter of fact, I think I saw 
the maids packing up the leftovers this morning and heading your way.  Enjoy.
PL
FYI , looks like you did not receive this.
PL
Please rebook as indicated by Credit.
Thanks.
FYI - please officialize your books every night PL
Jeffrey C Gossett
04/30/2001 11:08 AM
FYI... Rick Buy has started coming to the 8:30 morning meeting everyday about 
books being officialized.  Please make sure to communicate to your groups the 
importance of officializing all books correctly everyday.
Thanks
All of these deals had their facilities changed by logistics on the last two 
days.  I have reiterated to Lisa Kinsey the importance of her group letting 
us know when they make a change in facility.  All of these were physical 
basis trades, so they came at contract - the desk price difference is not 
more than .04 on any of the deals.  OA therefore should be minimal.
PL
Please put a posting out there for me as well.  Thanks.
PL
I will be out of the office, thanks for the offer.
PL
Thanks(especially for highlighting a row for me.)
PL
The address is as follows:
Auburn University Foundation
c/o Sam Hendrix
317 South College
Auburn University, AL 36849
I will write the check to UHCL next week.
PL
FYI, make these changes.
PL
Jeffrey C Gossett
04/25/2001 02:09 PM
Stacey Vallejo
04/25/2001 01:57 PM
Hi guys,
Because of the EOL group putting in language to automatically flip deals to 
the P& book as soon as they are booked, the number of deals to be flipped at 
the end of the month has decreased quite a lot, but there are always some 
stragglers that are left behind.  Here is what I've come across.  Could you 
please flip these deals before the end of the week.
FT-EAST
FT-ONTARIO
G-DAILY-EST
GD-CENTRAL
As far as I know, these are the only deals that still need to be flipped I've gone through all the other books that I could
think of, but I might have missed some.  Could you please make sure that I'm 
not missing any deals 
Please let me know if you have any questions on this, and please let me know 
when these have been flipped.
Thanks for all your help again.
Stacey
I am available.
PL
Kevin,
The Firm Trading Central book has been set up as an internal counterparty for 
desk-to-desk trading on EnronOnline. 
The following User ID and Password will give you access to live prices on the 
web-site  
User ID: ADM09529
Password: WELCOME!
(note these are case sensitive)
Please keep your User ID and Password secure as this allows you to transact 
on EnronOnline.
Contact the helpdesk at x34357 if you have any questions or problems gaining 
access with this ID.
Thanks,
Stephanie x33465
Please read below, it looks as though we have about 4 curves on this list If you set this curve, please fill out the form attached below.  Shout with 
any questions - due date is Thursday a.m.
PL
Jeffrey C Gossett
04/24/2001 04:44 PM
Please look over the following and reply to Burtonif you need to add curves.
Jeff, attached is a file containing gas curves that have been identified as 
being not in the RisktRAC system.  Curves were found to be missing from  the 
Benchmark mapping table and/or the Primary/Secondary curve table.  Curves 
missing from RisktRAC could have a significant impact on positions and V@R Please let us know by Thursday, April 26th, if these curves should be added 
to the RisktRAC system.   For those curves that need to be added to RisktRAC, 
a blank curve request form is also attached. Thank you.
SIncerely,
BM
unable to access approval website via link.  Please advise - I want to 
approve both requests that were sent to me for Sladana Kulic
PL
3-7376
are you still planning on coming down this weekend?  Let me know, so we can 
exchange numbers.  Check out the site I attached, looks like the lineup has 
improved.
PL
l
The barbque(Chuck that is texas slang for meat cooked on a grill) will be at 
my house on the 19th of may.  Please bring spouse's, significant others, 
whatever.  How does 4 p.m. sound?  Please let me know if you plan on 
attending.  I will send a map and directions next week.
PL
Glenda,
Hope everything is going well for you guys.  I just wanted to take a minute 
and thank you for the easter  gift you sent Jackson.  It was very 
thoughtful.  He has enjoyed coloring the book and everything else he can get 
his hands on.  He also ate all of the chocolate as fast as he could.  He is 
getting really big and really independent.  We are headed to Jazz fest this 
weekend in New Orleans, I am sure he will really enjoy it this year.  Take 
care and we will talk to you soon.  Thanks again.
Love,
Jackson, Ashley & Phillip
Here is the most current orig file.
PL
here it is.
PL
My suggestion for improving the process within the risk group is to do a 
better job of verifying all term deals are coming to the cash desk at mid.
I believe a large improvement can be made in the settlements area.  The forms 
are not accurate, the entire support is not attached and the form they are 
usign does not properly divide the variance between the three possible areas 
causing a variance, desk price, UA4, firm volumes.
PL
I still have two tickets.  Let me know soon.
PL
what about some "treatments" at one of those spas?  or dinner for two at 
ruggles?
PL
FT-CENT.  Thanks.
PL
here it is - thanks. Joe Parks and KRusicitti are changed.
PL
Dawn said I need to email you with eol id changes. We have two traders on the 
central desk who are changing book names effective sunday.  Kruscitti needs 
his log in -ADM96645 moved from Ft-int-cen-mkt to ft-cent.  Joe Parks needs 
his id - ADM13230 moved from ft-intra-gulf2.  Please shout with any questions 
or if you need additional information.  Sorry for the short notice, I just 
found out.
PL
3-7376
gdp-nng/vent
gdp-anr/ok...notice a trend here.
PL
If-anr/ok
I wanted to ask a favor.  Would you mind reminding your group to please let 
us know when they change a pipe or trading zone or add a location to a deal 
in sitara.  If we do not catch this change, the trader will be getting the 
deal at contract instead of mid, because the swap does not automatically 
update when you change the physical deal.  If the change is simply a meter, 
that will not effect the pricing of the deal.  Thanks for your help.
PL
Bruce Mills@
11/29/2000 08:42 AM
Dr. Suess Goes to Flor-Duh
Can We Count Them with Our Nose?
Can We Count Them with Our Toes?
Should We Count Them With a Band?
Should We Count Them All By Hand?
If I Do Not Like The Count,
I Will Simply Throw Them Out.
I Will Not Let This Vote Count Stand
I Do Not Like Them, Al Gore I Am.
Can We Change These Numbers Here?
Can We Change Them, Calm My Fears?
What Do You Mean, Dubya Has Won?
This Is Not Fair, This Is Not Fun
Let's Count Them Upside Down This Time
Let's Count Them Until The State Is Mine!
I Will Not Let This Vote Count Stand!
I Do Not Like It, Al Gore I Am!
I'm Really Ticked, I'm In A Snit!
You've Not Heard The Last Of It!
I'll Count The Ballots One By One
And Hold Each One Up To The Sun!
I'll Count, Recount, And Count Some More!
You'll Grow To Hate This Little Chore
But I Will Not, Cannot Let This Vote Count Stand!
I Do Not Like It, Al Gore I Am!
I Won't Leave Office, I'm Staying Here!
I've Glued My Desk To My Rear!
Tipper, Hillary, and Bubba Too,
All Telling Me That I Should Sue!
We Find The Electoral College Vile!
Recount The Cotes Until I Smile.
We Do Not Want This Vote To Stand!
We Do Not Like It, Al Gore I Am!
How Shall We Count This Ballot Box?
Let's Count It Standing In Our Socks!
Shall We Count This One In A Tree?
And Who Shall Count It, You or Me?
We Cannot, Cannot Count Enough!
We Must Stop, We Must Be Tough!
I Do Not Want This Vote To Stand!
I Do Not Like It, Al Gore I Am!
I've Counted Until My Fingers Bleed!
An Still Can't Fulfill My Counting Need!
I'll Count The Tiles On The Floor!
I'll Count, And Count, And Count Some More!
And I Will Not Say That I Am Done!
Until The Counting Says I've Won!
I Will Not Let This Count Stand!
I Do Not Like It, Al Gore I Am!
What's That? What? What Are You Trying To Say?
You Think The Current Count Should Stay?
You Do Not Like My Counting Scheme?
It Makes You Tense, Gives You Bad Dreams?
Foolish People, You're Wrong You'll See!
You're Only Care Should Be For Me!
I WILL NOT LET THIS VOTE COUNT STAND!
I DO NOT LIKE IT, AL GORE I AM!
________________________________________________________________
GET INTERNET ACCESS FROM JUNO!
Juno offers FREE or PREMIUM Internet access for less!
Join Juno today!  For your FREE software, visit:
screw you.  This must have been created by one of your fellow engineers.  You 
guys just have a bad case of penis envy.  Ha Ha
PL
this is the website for signing up for classes.  You need to have your user 
name and password.  If you do not have this from the original email, try 
contacting the development center at x30357
PL
not sure if you guys saw this.
PL
Muse: Bowden 'panicked' after Lowder told him his job in jeopardy
The Associated Press
3/18/2001 
MONTGOMERY, Ala. (AP) -- When Auburn's football fortunes took a turn for the 
worse in 1998, trustee Bobby Lowder told coach Terry Bowden that he would not 
be retained after the season, former university President William Muse said. 
When Bowden resigned on the eve of a game that fall, he said he was 
essentially fired. 
"Basically, Mr. Lowder told him he would not be around come the end of the 
season, and coach Bowden basically, in my opinion, panicked when he was told 
that and came and negotiated out of his contract," Muse said. 
More Auburn football | Talkin' Tigers Forum
Muse said Lowder did not consult with him before speaking to Bowden, whose 
team was off to a 1-5 start. Bowden said Thursday that Lowder actually did 
not speak directly to him, but went through athletic director David Housel. 
"That's how David and I worked," Bowden said Tuesday in a telephone interview 
from his Orlando home. "We would meet and he would tell me what Lowder wanted 
me to do. I felt like I could do everything I could do and it wouldn't be 
enough (to save his job Muse made his comments to faculty members March 15. A transcript of the 
meeting was made public Tuesday by Auburn officials. 
Muse said he was unable to reach Bowden until "the wee hours of the morning then told him that Lowder didn't have the authority to fire him and "urged 
him to stay until the end of the season Muse said that was "the most celebrated case" of Lowder taking such a direct 
role in athletic decisions, but "there are many others Bowden often commented that "Mr. Lowder hired me" and that the coach had 
"regular contact" with the powerful trustee, Muse said. Bowden said he spoke 
with Lowder "weekly, if not daily" during his first two or three seasons, but 
"never felt it was a situation that he would tell me something and that I 
should do it Muse said Lowder did not hand-pick the coach. He said an eight-member search 
committee, including Lowder, voted unanimously to offer Bowden the job in 
1993. 
"Let's just say I would not have been hired if Bobby Lowder had not wanted me 
hired," said Bowden, now a television commentator with ABC. "There's no doubt 
about it. Bobby Lowder controlled the committee that hired me at Auburn Both Lowder and Housel have denied Bowden's contention that he was told his 
coaching fate was all but sealed. They also denied that Lowder was pulling 
the strings on that decision. 
Bowden "always believed ... that the only way he got that job was because of 
Lowder's influence," Muse said. "So he believed very strongly that he had to 
maintain that relationship Muse said that relationship began to sour when Bowden fired longtime 
defensive coordinator Wayne Hall. 
Muse also said he is not sure what Lowder's relationship is with Bowden's 
successor, Tommy Tuberville, but that he believes basketball coach Cliff 
Ellis has "very, very frequent contact" with the Montgomery banker. 
Lowder was out of town and did not immediately return a call for comment. 
Earlier Tuesday he said in a statement issued by Auburn that the trustees' 
athletic panel he chairs will continue to provide "support and input" to the 
president and athletic director and that it's time to focus on positive 
accomplishments and "stop bickering 
We will have a group class on OA tomorrow around 9:00 am in EB3268.  THis is 
an effort to get you guys up to speed on OA so you can review forms and I can 
take 3 hour lunches PL
I am looking at having a party at my house for the group.  Let me know asap 
which date is better for you guys.  I want to do it asap before it gets to 
hot, so we can cook outside.  Here are the two dates I have in mind Sat. May 
5th(cinco de mayo) or Sat. May 19th.  Let me know guys.  Thanks.
PL
FYI wanted to let you guys know about a few things:
1.  There is a central desk vacation calendar on my desk by the sun machine it is a little black date book.  Please put any future requests in there so 
that we can keep track of who needs off when.  I would like to try and keep 
from having more than 3 people out at a time.
2.  Physical gas daily options - when booking these, please be very careful These need to have daily swaps on them in sitara as opposed to monthly 
swaps.  This will insure that the physical deal comes to the physical trader 
at gas daily as opposed to mid.  This is very important to avoid OA variances.
3.  When booking deals in sitara, please look at your swaps when they are 
created to verify that they are coming at the right mid/gd price.  This is 
important because we have so many deals that are booked to new mids and I 
notice last night on a gd option, that the swap did not come at the correct 
gd curve.
4.  I am going to set up a mtg. for friday or monday to discuss OA, the 
process and how to prepare forms.
5.  Please take advantage of time that you can spend with your traders.  All 
the traders have expressed their approval for each of their book admins to 
spend a morning watching them trade to better understand why they take the 
positions that they do.  The only request I have had is that we sit there 
quietly and observe and ask questions after trading.  Please utilize this 
opportunity to build a relationship with your traders - this is good for 
career development.
6. I will try and set up individual meetings with each of you to go over your 
training plans.
Please shout with any questions.
PL
Counterparty    TAGG Action AEP Energy Services Ltd  v38781.1,v38820.1, v38836.1 Rebook to AEP Energy 
Services, Inc
"    v38853.1, v39705.1 Angus Energy, Inc.   v39878.1   Pending Brant Reves
Bank of America Corporation  v39653.1, v39655.1  Rebook to Bank of America, 
Nat'l Assoc.
City of Palo Alto    v39713.1, v39713.1, v39741.1 Pending Jay Williams
Cross Timbers Oil Company  v37619.1, v37860.1.2  Pending Jay Williams
Engage Inc.    v38646.1, v39926.1  Rebook to Engage Energy Canada LP
Idaho Power Company   v39821.A   Rebook to Idacorp Energy Solutions LP
Ospraie Portfolio Limited   v39863.1   Rebook to The Ospraie Portfolio Ltd
TransCanada Energy Ltd   v38459.1   Rebook to TransCanada Energy Financial 
Products
Westport Petroleum Inc   v39866.1.2   Pending Rudwell Johnson
Central, sithe and aruba are there now. sorry.
PL
here is your payback.  Martin, Bruce's trader-made fun of his haircut last 
week - woody woodpecker.  Steno over here for him and play it.
PL
Phillip - Please do us a favor and play this often!
Jim Little
11/14/2000 10:25 AM
all kidding aside.  start sending me email links to job sites or papers in 
denver.
PL
Here is the most current schedule.  Shout with any questions.Thanks.
PL
FYI - not sure if anyone ahs been putting vacation time in on a time sheet I got a report and most everyone's was blank.  If you believe this to be an 
error, see me and I will show you the list.  I am not calling anyone out for 
cheating on their vacation, it is on an honor system with me.  I draw your 
attention to this matter because we always seem to have a problem at the end 
of the year with people having a bunch of vacation and only being able to 
carry over 40 hrs.  Please make sure to plan on taking at least all but 40 
hrs of yours so we do not run into issues at year end.  I have attached the 
site for your time sheets.  You will need your P# and password to access, 
contact security if you do not have either.  If you need help filling this 
out, let me know.  I think we are supposed to fill out a time sheet every two 
weeks, but I only fill mine out when I take vacation.  Thanks.
PL
Dawn,
thanks for putting this information in the paper.  Hopefully a student from 
Haleyville that goes to Auburn in the future can apply for the scholarship.
A scholarship in memory of Dr. W.H. Burgess has been set up at the school of 
Veterinary Medicine at Auburn University.  The scholarship has been ear 
marked for students that are in need of financial assistance and have an 
interest in the area of large animal practice, an area in which Dr. Burgess 
dedicated much of his professional life in Haleyville, Alabama where he 
practiced for 35 years.
If you would like to make contributions to the scholarship in his name, you 
can do so as follows:
Auburn University Foundation
c/o Sam Hendrix
317 South College Street
Auburn University, AL 36849
Please make checks payable to the Auburn University Foundation
Any contributions are fully tax deductible
Any questions, please contact Dr. Burgess' grandson Phillip Love 281-486-7026
Please feel free to modify this in any way.  Thanks for your assistance. 
PL
I was sending you the weather for New Orleans - Partly cloudy starting 
thursday.
PL
done.
PL
so far so good.
New Orleans, LA 
Tuesday, April 17, at 7:37 AM Central Daylight Time (Tuesday 8:37 AM EDT) 
Hi?(oF) 
Lo?(oF) 
Today
Apr 17 
Windy 
? 67?oF 
? 46?oF 
UV Index:?10?High 
Wed
Apr 18 
Sunny 
? 68?oF 
? 47?oF 
UV Index:?10?High 
Thu
Apr 19 
Partly Cloudy 
? 73?oF 
? 56?oF 
UV Index:?10?High 
Fri
Apr 20 
Partly Cloudy 
? 79?oF 
? 64?oF 
UV Index:?10?High 
Sat
Apr 21 
Partly Cloudy 
? 82?oF 
? 66?oF 
UV Index:?9?High 
Sun
Apr 22 
Mostly Cloudy 
? 83?oF 
? 66?oF 
UV Index:?9?High 
Mon
Apr 23 
Mostly Cloudy 
? 83?oF 
? 68?oF 
UV Index:?7?High 
Tue
Apr 24 
Partly cloudy 
? 77?oF 
? 65?oF 
UV Index:?10?High 
Wed
Apr 25 
Partly cloudy 
? 77?oF 
? 65?oF 
UV Index:?10?High 
Thu
Apr 26 
Partly cloudy 
? 77?oF 
? 65?oF 
UV Index:?10?High 
PL
I will leave steve's situation for him to describe.  Needless to say as far 
as I am concerned he wasn't leaving with anybody but me 
I ran into your dad at the post office last night.  He was standing next to 
the mail slot crying.  It would be nice to live in Denver, just have to find 
a good job so that I can afford housing.
PL
Today's credit report
2001 14:56:45 -0500
id  
Edmund A. Dowling
Quantum Research International
Phone:  (256) 971-1800 ext 246
Cell:  (256) 653-2599
 All too rarely, airline attendants make an effort to make the in-flight
safety lecture and their other announcements a bit more entertaining.
Here are some real examples that have been heard or reported: