SULLIVAN&CROMWELL@sullcrom.com
11/28/2000 04:55 PM
Re: Commodity Futures Trading Commission: Final Rulemaking for a New
Regulatory Framework for Multilaeral Transaction Execution Facilities,
Intermediaries and Clearing Organizations
Attached is a memorandum from Sullivan & Cromwell
concerning the above subject. A summary is also included at the end of
the text of this e-mail message.
The attached file is in Adobe Acrobat
format.  We believe most PCs will already have an Acrobat viewer
loaded; we can provide free copies if Acrobat is not already loaded,
and free copies can also be downloaded from the Adobe Acrobat web
site at www.adobe.com.  To view or print the memo use your e-mail
system's function for opening attachments in their native format.
Hard copies can be obtained from Ivy Moreno at S&C in New York,
telephone 212-558-3448, e-mail: Morenoi@sullcrom.com.
SUMMARY
On November 22, 2000, the Commodity Futures Trading
Commission ("CTFC")approved four releases setting out final rules for
regulatory reform (the "Final Rules").  The Final Rules largely follow
the proposed rules issued by the Commission on June 8, 2000.*
The Final Rules are to be effective 60 days after their publication in
the Federal Register.
This e-mail is sent by a law firm and contains information
that may be privileged and confidential. If you are not the
intended recipient, please delete the e-mail and notify us
immediately.
- CMS10713.pdf
Camille Gerard@
11/30/2000 12:22 PM
Mark 
Per Brandon's request, please use this ID for your contact to view our site.
Your Username is -  INTMTAYL
Your password is - WELCOME.
Note that both the Username and Password are CASE SENSITIVE.
If you have any problems or questions,  please call me at 3-6150  
Thanks-
Camille
Mark Taylor
11/30/2000 01:23 PM
Camille Gerard@
11/30/2000 12:22 PM
Mark 
Per Brandon's request, please use this ID for your contact to view our site.
Your Username is -  INTMTAYL
Your password is - WELCOME.
Note that both the Username and Password are CASE SENSITIVE.
If you have any problems or questions,  please call me at 3-6150  
Thanks-
Camille
I won't need the final locations until Joya has to submit the churn request Since the construction isn't scheduled to be complete until 12/22 I wouldn't 
think we'd need it until the 15th - Joya will have a better feel for how far 
in advance we need to schedule the churn.
The legal assistants (and any lawyers who start before the construction is 
done) will be put in the cubes we have.  When we run out of cubes we have 
space to build more.
Alan Aronowitz
12/01/2000 02:58 PM
I am waiting for Dan Rogers and the rest of the Three Allen team's input on 
the office plan. If you need the plan today, I can give you a draft subject 
to any changes they would like to make. Let me know what you would like me to 
do.
One question I would have is the location of the paralegals/assistants coming 
over. I assume they will be in the new cubicles and workspaces being built 
out.
Alan
kerry@cle.com
12/01/2000 12:51 PM
Dear Mr. Taylor:
I am putting together a conference on eCommerce:  The Law of
eBusiness, to be held in Houston, TX on May 17-18, 2001.  Hank Jones
of Fulbright & Jaworski is chairing the event, and he wanted me to invite
Enron Bandwidth's General Counsel to speak at the conference on B2B
issues.  Unfortunately, I have been unable to track this person down, so
I am wondering if you can help put me in touch with him or her.
Please give me a call or send a return email.  Thank you for your time.
Kindest Ms. Kerry D. Mason
Program Attorney
CLE INTERNATIONAL
303/377-6600
www.cle.com
Here is the revised BETA - let me know what you think.  The changes are 
marked in blue.
Here is the BETA with our initial comments.
As we discussed a couple of weeks ago 	David Forster@
12/04/2000 10:29 AM
Mark,
Here is a draft of an outline for the equity offering for Capacity Trading.
Please call when you have a few minutes to discuss documentation and legal 
issues.
Thanks,
Dave
Tammy:
Brent still reports to me and I believe he should be paid from my RC.  Please 
let me know if this causes a problem.
Mark
Mark,
Apparently there is some confusion as to who Brent Henry reports to and who's 
RC he should be paid from.  Is he still reporting to you or should he be in 
EI Legal?
Thanks.
Scott Porter@_DEVELOPMENT
02/12/99 06:18 AM
To my knowledge, Brent does not work for me.  I don't believe it would be 
consistent with Enron Corp's policy to have a lawyer working for the business 
developer. ECT Legal and EI Legal need to get together to decide who Brent 
should be reporting to, but I can assure you it should not be me.  This is a 
seperate issue from who is covering Brent's costs.  I do believe he is under 
the Argentine office's cost center since he is dedicating 100% of his time 
here.  This is consistent with EISC's policy of allocating legal costs out to 
the business unit that is incurring the cost.  However, I have had no input 
into Brent's compensation or bonus and believe he considers himself to be 
reporting to ECT Legal.
Scott
Brent Hendry  is no longer with ECT Legal.  He works with Scott Porter and 
Don Black, he is currently in  Buenos Aires, Argentina He should be in Co# 359 and RC# 0303 
Scott - Can you please confirm that Brent Hendry works for you.  Should we 
move him out of your RC 
Thanks,
Rain
Importance:  High
Rain,
Per the message below from Randy Young, Brent Hendry needs to be transferred 
to ECT since he doesn't belong to EI.  He is currently sitting in one of my 
rc's and needs to be moved to ECT's.  Can you please transfer him this pay 
period before EPC closes?  Let me know if you have any questions.
Thanks,
Karen
Randy Young
02/10/99 06:20 PM
Brent works for ECT legal, not EI.  He reports to Mark Taylor, an AGC in ECT 
Legal.
Karen E Campos
02/10/99 07:27 PM
Randy/ Scott:
I don't know if you remember or not, but last year I had a question as to who 
Brent would report to and who's budget it should hit.
He's now in Scott rc but he's a Sr. Counsel.  Shouldn't he be in Randy's rc? 
Please advise.
Thanks,
Karen
SULLIVAN&CROMWELL@sullcrom.com
11/28/2000 04:55 PM
Re: Commodity Futures Trading Commission: Final Rulemaking for a New
Regulatory Framework for Multilaeral Transaction Execution Facilities,
Intermediaries and Clearing Organizations
Attached is a memorandum from Sullivan & Cromwell
concerning the above subject. A summary is also included at the end of
the text of this e-mail message.
The attached file is in Adobe Acrobat
format.  We believe most PCs will already have an Acrobat viewer
loaded; we can provide free copies if Acrobat is not already loaded,
and free copies can also be downloaded from the Adobe Acrobat web
site at www.adobe.com.  To view or print the memo use your e-mail
system's function for opening attachments in their native format.
Hard copies can be obtained from Ivy Moreno at S&C in New York,
telephone 212-558-3448, e-mail: Morenoi@sullcrom.com.
SUMMARY
On November 22, 2000, the Commodity Futures Trading
Commission ("CTFC")approved four releases setting out final rules for
regulatory reform (the "Final Rules").  The Final Rules largely follow
the proposed rules issued by the Commission on June 8, 2000.*
The Final Rules are to be effective 60 days after their publication in
the Federal Register.
This e-mail is sent by a law firm and contains information
that may be privileged and confidential. If you are not the
intended recipient, please delete the e-mail and notify us
immediately.
- CMS10713.pdf
Can one of you guys handle this in Stacy's absence?
Robert B Cass
12/06/2000 03:24 PM
Hi Stacy -
Dick Jenkins has expressed concern with the description of an EnronOnline 
location and wants an immediate revision.  The location description needing 
revision is the TETCO M3.  It is currently defined as follows:
The transaction is for delivery at Texas Eastern Transmission Corp. - Zone M3.
Dick wants to ensure that the delivery shall also include any location on the 
M3.  Therefore, please advise as follows:
The transaction is for delivery at Texas Eastern Transmission Corp. - Zone 
M3, and all downstream delivery on the M3 
We need to get a ticker item posted on the website as soon as possible 
Thanks -
Rob
x35491
Does this raise uncertainty for products offered by non-banks?
Stacy Carey  	12/08/2000 08:23 AM
Attached is the proposed language reflecting the compromise reached between
Senator Gramm and the Chicago Futures Exchanges.
Stacy Carey
Director North American Regulatory Policy
International Swaps and Derivatives Association
(202) 457-6545 ph
(703) 256-1833 fax
(917) 543-9622 cell
scarey@isda.org
- Gramm Legal Certainty Proposal 12-6.doc
This looks ok to me.
Melba Lozano
12/06/2000 04:46 PM
Please approve the following change to the product description.  If you have 
any questions please let me know.  Steve needs this approved as soon as 
possible.  I need to make sure this language works for both one day deals and 
term deals.
Thanks,
Melba
58986
Bolded for your ease of reference:
A currency Transaction with Risk Management & Trading Corp. ("RMT") under 
which either (A) for the case in which Counterparty submits an offer to buy 
from RMT, Counterparty shall pay a Fixed Amount and shall receive the 
Floating  Amount, or (B) for the case in which Counterparty submits an offer 
to sell to RMT, Counterparty shall receive the Fixed  Amount and shall pay 
the Floating  Amount. Each calendar month during the term of the Transaction 
will be a Determination Period; provided however, that in the event the term 
of the Transaction is less than one calendar month, the Determination Period 
shall be the term of the Transaction. The Notional Amount per Determination 
Period shall equal the volume submitted by the Counterparty via the website 
divided by the number of Determination Periods during the term of the 
Transaction. The Fixed  Amount payable per Determination Period shall equal 
the product of  the Notional Amount per Determination Period multiplied by 
the price submitted by the Counterparty via the website. The Floating Amount 
payable per Determination Period shall equal the product of the Notional 
Amount per Determination Period multiplied by the Index. The Payment Date 
shall be the Valuation Date. 
The term of the Transaction shall be from the Effective Date of 01 Nov 2000 
to the Termination Date of 31 Mar 2001.
The Index for each Determination Period shall be the USD/CAD rate equal to 
the rate set forth on Rueters page BOFC under the headings 'Bank of Canada 'Canadian Dollar' Exchange rates';'Noon', opposite the caption 'USD' as of 
12:00 p.m. noon, Toronto time, on the Valuation Date. The Valuation Date for 
each Determination Period shall be the last Business Day of such 
Determination Period.(DELETED)
The price is quoted in Canadian Dollars per unit of volume, which will be the 
Contractual Currency.
The unit of measure against which the price is quoted shall be US Dollars, 
and each unit of volume shown represents one million US Dollars ($1,000,000).
A currency Transaction with Risk Management & Trading Corp. ("RMT") under 
which either (A) for the case in which Counterparty submits an offer to buy 
from RMT, Counterparty shall pay a Fixed Amount and shall receive the 
Floating  Amount, or (B) for the case in which Counterparty submits an offer 
to sell to RMT, Counterparty shall receive the Fixed  Amount and shall pay 
the Floating  Amount. Each calendar month during the term of the Transaction 
will be a Determination Period; provided however, that in the event the term 
of the Transaction is less than one calendar month, the Determination Period 
shall be the term of the Transaction. The Notional Amount per Determination 
Period shall equal the volume submitted by the Counterparty via the website 
divided by the number of Determination Periods during the term of the 
Transaction. The Fixed  Amount payable per Determination Period shall equal 
the product of  the Notional Amount per Determination Period multiplied by 
the price submitted by the Counterparty via the website. The Floating Amount 
payable per Determination Period shall equal the product of the Notional 
Amount per Determination Period multiplied by the Index. The Payment Date 
shall be the Valuation Date. The Valuation Date for each Determination Period 
shall be the first Business Day of such Determination Period.(Added)
The term of the Transaction shall be from the Effective Date of 01 Nov 2000 
to the Termination Date of 31 Mar 2001.
The Index for each Determination Period shall be the USD/CAD rate equal to 
the rate set forth on Rueters page BOFC under the headings 'Bank of Canada 'Canadian Dollar' Exchange rates';'Noon', opposite the caption 'USD' as of 
12:00 p.m. noon, Toronto time, on the Valuation Date. 
The price is quoted in Canadian Dollars per unit of volume, which will be the 
Contractual Currency.
The unit of measure against which the price is quoted shall be US Dollars, 
and each unit of volume shown represents one million US Dollars ($1,000,000).
Thank you,
Melba
58986 
Greg Johnston
12/05/2000 04:56 PM
After discussions with the legal group, given the mandate about including the 
market opening and regulatory change conditions in all power transactions, 
whether physical or financial, it seems to be most prudent to hold off 
offering Canadian power products through the facilities of EnronOnline until 
the new year when we have more certainty around the Alberta market.
Thanks
Greg
These look OK to me.
Andrew Wilson@
12/08/2000 11:11 AM
Mark,
I have revised the financial swap term sheets that you reviewed several weeks 
ago. Could you have a look at these new versions and see if they meet your 
approval? They are for the Originators to use as a basis for their 
discussions with potential counterparties and are not meant to be binding 
documents. Thank you.
--Andrew
FYI
=09exchangeinfo@nymex.com
=0912/07/2000 07:16 AM
=09=09=20
M E M O R A N D U M
TO:     All New York Mercantile Exchange members
FROM: Neal Wolkoff, Executive Vice President
RE:        Exchange Board Approves Initial Product Slate for enymexsm
DATE:   December 7, 2000
Notice # 00-417
=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D
The New York Mercantile Exchange, Inc.,  board of directors last night=20
approved a range of energy products for listing on enymex, the Exchange's=20
internet-based trading system, intended to be launched during the second=20
quarter of 2001.
These products were designed to replicate the most actively traded=20
over-the-counter energy instruments, introducing the added benefits of=20
clearing services; a neutral, centralized marketplace; and a highly=20
sophisticated technological platform.  While there may be additional products=20
developed for introduction at launch, including more internationally based=20
contracts, and there will certainly be more shortly thereafter, these=20
contracts were selected as natural adjuncts to our established markets=20
because of their close relationships to these liquid benchmarks.
The contracts include:
A West Texas Intermediate crude oil calendar swap contract
A Henry Hub natural gas swap contract based on the final settlement price=20
for the Exchange's futures contract
Spread calendar swap contracts based on the differential between Platts (a=20
division of The McGraw-Hill Companies) quoted prices for Gulf Coast unleaded=20
87 gasoline and the Exchange light, sweet crude oil and New York Harbor=20
unleaded gasoline futures contracts
Spread calendar swap contracts based on the differentials between the Platts=20
quoted price for Gulf Coast Pipeline No. 2 heating oil and the Exchange light=20
sweet crude oil and New York Harbor heating oil futures
Basis swap contracts based on the differential between the final settlement=20
price for the Henry Hub natural gas futures contract and Inside FERC's Gas=20
Market Report quoted indexes for Henry Hub; El Paso San Juan Basin; Houston=20
Ship Channel; and Transco Zone 6
Basis swap contracts based on the differential between the Exchange Henry=20
Hub natural gas futures contract and the Canadian Gas Price Reporter Alberta=20
spot month price (based on AECO C/NIT)
Basis swap contracts based on the differential between the Exchange Henry=20
Hub natural gas futures price and the Natural Gas Intelligence quoted index=20
prices for Chicago City Gate and the southern California border
Louisiana Light Sweet and West Texas Sour crude oil contracts
A Dubai crude oil calendar swap
Terms and conditions include a unit size of 1,000 barrels for each of the=20
crude oil and petroleum product/crude oil spread contract; 42,000 gallons for=20
each heating oil and gasoline contract; and 5,000 million British thermal=20
units (mmBtus) for each natural gas contract.  Prices will quoted in U.S.=20
dollars and cents per barrel, gallon or mmBtu.  Other specifications are:
West Texas Intermediate crude oil calendar swap
Termination of Trading:  The last business day of the month prior to the=20
contract month.
Delivery:  Financial, based on the average of the settlement price of the=20
first nearby light, sweet crude oil futures contract throughout the contract=20
month (example: the July 2001 contract will be based upon the average of the=20
settlement prices for the August 2001 futures contract during July 2001 until=20
it ceases trading and the settlement prices for the September 2001 contract=20
for the remainder of the month)
Minimum Price Fluctuation: One cent per barrel
Henry Hub natural gas swap
Termination of Trading:  The third business day prior to the contract month.
Delivery:  Financial, based on the final settlement price of the Exchange=20
Henry Hub natural gas futures contract for the corresponding month
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  $0.001 per mmBtu
U.S. Gulf Coast unleaded 87 gasoline crack spread calendar swap
Termination of Trading:  The last business day of the month prior to the=20
contract month.
Delivery:  Financial, based on the average of the Platts U.S. Gulf Coast=20
unleaded 87 gasoline mean minus the settlement price of the first nearby=20
light, sweet crude oil futures contract throughout the contract month
Minimum Price Fluctuation: One cent per barrel
Unleaded 87 gasoline up-down calendar swap
Termination of Trading:  The last business day of the month prior to the=20
contract month.
Delivery:  Financial, based on the average of the Platts U.S. Gulf Coast=20
unleaded 87 gasoline mean minus the settlement price of the first nearby=20
Exchange New York Harbor unleaded gasoline futures contract throughout the=20
contract month
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  $0.0001 per gallon
U.S. Gulf Coast No 2 heating oil crack spread calendar swap
Termination of Trading:  The last business day of the month prior to the=20
contract month.
Delivery:  Financial, based on the average of the Platts U.S. Gulf Coast=20
pipeline No. 2 heating oil mean minus the settlement price of the first=20
nearby light, sweet crude oil futures contract throughout the contract month
Minimum Price Fluctuation: One cent per barrel
No. 2 heating oil up-down calendar swap
Termination of Trading:  The last business day of the month prior to the=20
contract month.
Delivery:  Financial, based on the average of the Platts U.S. Gulf Coast No.=20
2 pipeline mean minus the settlement price of the first nearby Exchange New=20
York Harbor No. 2 heating oil futures contract throughout the contract month
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  $0.0001 per gallon
Henry Hub natural gas basis swap
Termination of Trading:  The last business day prior to the contract month.
Delivery:  Financial, based on the Inside FERC Gas Market Report Henry Hub=20
index price minus the final settlement price of the Exchange Henry Hub=20
natural gas futures contract for the corresponding month
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  $0.001 per mmBtu
San Juan natural gas basis swap
Termination of Trading:  The last business day prior to the contract month.
Delivery:  Financial, based on the Inside FERC Gas Market Report El Paso San=20
Juan Basin index price minus the final settlement price of the Exchange Henry=20
Hub natural gas futures contract for the corresponding month
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  $0.001 per mmBtu
Houston Ship Channel natural gas basis swap
Termination of Trading:  The last business day prior to the contract month.
Delivery:  Financial, based on the Inside FERC Gas Market Report Houston Ship=20
Channel index price minus the final settlement price of the Exchange Henry=20
Hub natural gas futures contract for the corresponding month
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  $0.001 per mmBtu
Transco Zone 6 natural gas basis swap
Termination of Trading:  The last business day prior to the contract month.
Delivery:  Financial, based on the Inside FERC Gas Market Report Transco Zone=20
6 index price minus the final settlement price of the Exchange Henry Hub=20
natural gas futures contract for the corresponding month
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  $0.001 per mmBtu
AECO/NIT natural gas basis swap
Termination of Trading:  The last business day prior to the contract month.
Delivery:  Financial, based on the Canadian Gas Price Reporter Alberta spot=20
month price for AECO C/NIT price minus the final settlement price of the=20
Exchange Henry Hub natural gas futures contract for the corresponding month
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  $0.001 per mmBtu
Chicago natural gas basis swap
Termination of Trading:  The last business day prior to the contract month.
Delivery:  Financial, based on the bid week price quoted for the Chicago=20
Citygate, under the Midwest heading in the Natural Gas Intelligence bid week=20
survey, minus the final settlement price of the Exchange Henry Hub natural=20
gas futures contract for the corresponding month
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  $0.001 per mmBtu
Socal natural gas basis swap
Termination of Trading:  The last business day prior to the contract month.
Delivery:  Financial, based on the bid week price quoted for the Southern=20
California border average, under the California heading in the Natural Gas=20
Intelligence bid week survey, minus the final settlement price of the=20
Exchange Henry Hub natural gas futures contract for the corresponding month
Minimum Price Fluctuation:  $0.001 per mmBtu
Louisiana Light Sweet crude oil futures
Termination of Trading:  Third business day prior to the 25th calendar day of=20
the month preceding the contract month.  If the 25th calendar is a=20
non-business day, trading terminates on the third day prior to the last=20
preceding business day.
Delivery:  Physical in St. James, Louisiana
Minimum Price Fluctuation: One cent
West Texas Sour crude oil futures
Termination of Trading:  Third business day prior to the 25th calendar day. =20
If the 25th calendar is a non-business day, trading terminates on the third=20
day prior to the last preceding business day.
Delivery:  Physical in Midland, Texas
Minimum Price Fluctuation: One cent per barrel
Dubai crude oil calendar swap
Termination of Trading:  The last business day of the month prior to the=20
contract month.
Delivery:  Financial, based on the average of the Platts Dubai frontline mean
Minimum Price Fluctuation: One cent per barrel
=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D
Forward Looking and Cautionary Statements
The New York Mercantile Exchange, Inc.,  has attempted, wherever possible,=20
to make statements in good faith by using words such as anticipate, believes,=20
expects, and words and terms of similar substance in connection with any=20
discussion of its present and future operations within the industry. Any=20
forward-looking statements made by, or on behalf of the Exchange, involve a=20
number of risks, trends,  uncertainties, and other factors which may cause=20
actual results to differ materially, including; the Exchange=01,s receipt of the=20
necessary Commodity Futures Trading Commission approval; timely performance=20
and cooperative effort of exchange and technology partners; and changes in=20
financial or business conditions at the Exchange.
__________________________________________________
Peter:
Here is our first attempt at EnronOnline Long Description language for the 
double transaction calendar spread product.  We had to guess at several 
aspects. Please let me know if we got close.
Mark
Mark Taylor
12/11/2000 03:06 PM
Peter:
Here is our first attempt at EnronOnline Long Description language for the 
double transaction calendar spread product.  We had to guess at several 
aspects. Please let me know if we got close.
Mark
Thanks so much for the Christmas present.  Everyone is enjoying it very 
much.  Bob Bruce's first reaction was "Wow -- I hope this isn't in lieu of 
her ever coming back!"
Marc:
In what currency will the proposed DPC hedge be denominated 
So now it's clear?
Peter F Keavey
12/11/2000 04:49 PM
The main issue that I see with the description you sent me is the same one 
that we spoke about a few weeks ago 
What should the consistent market convention for determining the first 
tranaction be?  If we use the current NG trading convention we will quote the 
premium swap as the "first transaction"  and the discount as the second This will present consistency problems if we are trading near parity in the 
calendar with different months changing position in the curve. You just have 
to look at some of the summer spreads to see the confusion that may result Having the near dated swap as the first transaction in all cases would 
eliminate that issue but will not match the current trading convention.  I 
will check with John to see if he has any opinion on the matter.  The product 
description would have to be written such that any customer would be easily 
be able to determine the correct direction to trade 
I will discuss this and the entire description with John on Tues. and get 
back to you .
Thanks 
Pete
I thought I'd send this around just as a reminder of the RMT guidelines.  As 
far as I know these have not changed since Rhett's memo last year.
Rhett Jackson
11/01/1999 10:08 AM
Attached please find the most recent guidelines for confirming swap 
transactions with RMT.  Please distribute this memorandum to others involved 
in the confirmation process, as appropriate, and feel free to call me at 
X34718 if you have any questions or comments.
.
Rhett Jackson
Approved.
Robert Bruce@
Sent by: Robert Bruce@
12/12/2000 11:42 AM
Mark, may I please have one of the new thin desktop monitors? -- thanks, Bob
Robert E. Bruce
Senior Counsel
Thanks for your notes.  Just so you know, I have the Polo Sport perfume and a 
Victoria's Secret gift certificate for Emily.  Were there lists for you and 
Dad?  I can't seem to find them.
My feeling is we stand by our confirmation - what do you think?
Jeffrey T Hodge
12/12/2000 04:45 PM
Mark:
This falls into your area.  I have spoke to William Kelly and advised that I 
am forwarding it to you.
Thanks,
Jeff
William Kelly
12/12/2000 04:20 PM
On January 14, 2000, we transacted with Conective via NatSource for a Nov '00 
- March '01 basis swap @ Transco Z6.  Our ticket/booking/confirmation 
indicates we bought the swap.  The broker confirm indicates we sold the 
swap.  Our confirm to the counterparty was executed as Enron buying by their 
operations manager, Joseph Glace.  The counterparty is contending that the 
broker confirm is correct.  Trading contends our confirm is correct and 
binding.  How should we proceed?  The value of the position is roughly $3MM 
of revenue.
Thanks,
WK
Maybe we can chat about this first draft this afternoon.
With my revisions.
This confirmation should have the regular Omnibus Annex A attached as well as 
the additional Chilean Annex which Tana forwarded last week.  Please call me 
if you have any questions.
Mark
Craig Breslau
12/13/2000 01:51 PM
Can you please help me to resolve this ASAP.
Thank you,
Craig
I received from Derek Bailey the Confirmation Form  and the Chilean Annex, 
but I feel there is still missing the Annex A, as it is  refferred in the 
Confirmation Form as part of the terms and conditions of the  transaction. 
Please confirm.
?
,
Pablo Jaramillo
?
?
In case you haven't already looked at the Fee Agreement draft, here is a 
slightly revised version.  Also attached is a revised BETA.  The changes 
marked in the BETA are a combination of the commercial guy's comments and my 
revisions of those comments (hopefully marked separately).  Unfortunately I 
didn't get the changes in the Fee Agreement marked 
Bob:
Our issues with hedge funds are somewhat complicated.  The threshold issue is 
that they are severely limited by their fundamental documents (the prospectus 
will spell out what they can invest in) so we have to review those documents 
before trading.  That is more than we do for run-of-the-mill domestic 
corporates and takes a lot  of legal resources that so far have been spent 
elsewhere.
The other issue is more difficult because it is hard to peg down and relates 
to regulatory uncertainty.  About a year ago a major hedge fund (Long Term 
Capital) got into serious trouble and the regulators stepped in, 
orchestrating a bail-out.  There was much wringing of hands and gnashing of 
teeth in Washington afterwards and since then there have been a variety of 
messages coming out of Washington relating to derivatives trading with hedge 
funds - none of them good.  Our view is that the regulators will be paying 
much closer attention to hedge fund trading of derivatives than in the past 
and we don't want that spotlight shining on us.  [In case you're interested: 
notwithstanding their name, hedge funds are speculators.  Much of the federal 
regulation of derivatives has assumed that hedging -- as opposed to 
speculation -- was safer and therefore more palatable.  The failure of a 
large hedge fund might result in damaging ripple effects throughout the 
financial markets.  Hence the regulators' heightened scrutiny.]
For both of these reasons, when EnronOnline was launched it was with the 
internally stated policy that we would not give access to hedge funds (or 
individuals - for similar reasons 
Commodity Trading Advisors can not trade on EnronOnline on behalf of their 
customers just as Brokers cannot.
Mark
Bob Shults
12/12/2000 10:26 AM
Andy as we discussed Harry will begin contacting the Hedge Funds.  Caroline 
Abramo is starting to push the CTA's (for LME metals) and hedge funds 
(metals, energy etc) through the credit hurdles and legal.  Mark, you have 
visited this one before any comments?
Cai Palmer@MGUSA
12/11/2000 09:16 AM
Harry,
Further to our conversation last week, I have listed below, in two segments, 
the top CTAs who presently manage more than $100mill each, and the top Hedge 
Funds, based upon their likelihood to manage assets in diversified markets, 
that may include tangible commodities. My understanding of EOL is that it 
presently caters primarily to this latter group and offers only tangible 
commodity trading instruments.
As I explained, the principle difference between a Hedge Fund and a CTA 
(Commodity Trading Advisor), is the manner in which they control the assets 
that they are contracted to manage. In the case of a CTA, the money can not 
be held by the CTA itself. The underlying investor will open a clearing 
account with a respective Clearing House, the assets will remain in this 
account and the CTA will trade based on the full monetary value of that 
account - in many cases an investor may well fund this account with Notional 
Funding. NF are 'abstract funds' not actually deposited at the Clearing 
House, but acknowledged as being available should variation or original 
margin be required. The CTA has no control over these funds. All monetary 
transactions must be executed by the Clearing House, and must be authorized 
by the investor. The CTA does have the ability to execute trades at an other 
trading house - such as Enron, through a contractual document called an 
International Uniform Give-Up Agreement. We have quite a few hundred of these 
agreements in NY. Essentially, all parties involved in the execution of a 
trade - the CTA, the Investor, the Executing Broker and the Clearing House, 
agree to allow the CTA to trade wherever he/she wishes and Give-Up that trade 
to the Investor's Clearing House. Since every regulated trade must ultimately 
clear the respective exchange, for a CTA to trade OTC and Swap agreements, 
would require prior notification to an investor that his/her money may be 
required as collateral against such a trade, and would be required to be 
deposited at Enron. A Hedge Fund has greater flexibility to trade such 
instruments since in the majority of instances a Hedge Fund does exert 
control over the funds it manages. A Hedge Fund typically structures its 
investment vehicles as Off-Shore limited partnership funds. As such the Hedge 
fund has direct control over the underlying assets and can move those assets 
to wherever they may be required - if investing via Enron On-Line, it would 
move the assets to Enron, for example.
This first list, below, is comprised of the top flight CTAs :
The following list is of Hedge Funds that I believe are trading Commodities 
and other non-security investments. It is by no means complete 
I would be happy to make any introductions that I can to any of the above 
names. Some we know well, others we may have to network ourselves into. 
Caroline and I met a few weeks ago and I passed some names on to her - I am 
not sure where that has got to yet, but if you need any further information 
please call me.
Cai
Enron Trading Services Inc
520 Madison Ave., 28th Floor
New York, NY 10022
Tel: 212.715.5248
Fax: 212.715.2360
E-Mail: Cai.Palmer@
One of the areas causing us legal heart-burn in the weather derivatives area 
here in the States is the insurance and re-insurance company counterparties In most states there are different laws applicable to insurance companies most of which are regulated - including entirely separate insolvency 
regimes.  Just another item for your radar screen.
Scott Sefton
02/15/99 04:31 AM
FYI
John Sherriff on 02/15/99 09:36:16 AM
Sent by: Iris Meunier
Dear all,
All activities in Europe with regard to Weather Risk Management products have 
now formally been amalgamated into a global weather risk management group 
managed by Lynda Clemmons in Houston.  Having concluded two transactions in 
Europe, the first being the first transaction of its type in Europe with 
Scottish Hydro-Electric and a second in the Netherlands, we are encouraged 
that the product will be as successful in the European market at managing 
volume risk due to adverse weather as it has shown to be in the US.
In London, Nick Mooney will be heading the European Weather Risk Management 
group reporting into Lynda in Houston.  Nick's group will be responsible for 
supporting all European Origination groups in the pricing and structuring of 
these products.  This management structure was put in place to enable all 
European origination groups to have the maximum support on strucutring 
weather products for their clients, ensure market development information and 
intellignece is readily and easily desiminated across Euopean groups and is 
designed to maximise the value to Enron of this new and exciting market. In 
addition to supporting orignators, the Weather group will be responsible for 
developing the hedge market for Weather Derivative Transactions with 
non-energy counterparties across Europe - including the Insurance, 
Re-Insurance, Finance, Broking and Retail sectors.
This new and exciting development in the risk management arena, is another 
example of where Enron again has developed a product to manage a risk, which 
was previously not manageable by our customers.
John Sherriff
I'll be there!
One of the problems with Indian derivatives is that when foreign exchange is 
involved, Reserve Bank of India approval is required in advance of the 
transaction.  A $US deal would involve foreign exchange from an Indian 
counterparty's point of view.  Certain transactions have pre-approved status 
but an ECT commodity swap is not one of them.  I'm still trying to track down 
whether a commodity deal can be done at all, even with RBI approval.   I've 
also asked whether, if approved commodity swaps are permitted but not by ECT, 
it might  be possible to use an Indian bank or other approved dealer as an 
intermediary. 
Marc De La Roche
02/16/99 10:52 AM
Mark,
Since the Platt's Arab Gulf FOB Naphtha Index that is being used in the 
naphtha supply contract between DPC and Glencore is in $US/MT, I think it 
would probably be best to use $US as the currency for the proposed DPC hedge. 
The standby L/C that we wouyld require DPC to post in ECT's favor would also 
be denominated in $US.
Marc
Marc:
In what currency will the proposed DPC hedge be denominated 
MARK E. TAYLOR
Vice President and Assistant General Counsel
ENRON CAPITAL & TRADE RESOURCES CORP.
Mark Taylor is Vice President and Assistant General Counsel of Enron Capital=20
& Trade Resources Corp., heading the Financial Trading Group of that company=01,
s Legal Department.  The Financial Trading Group is responsible for the legal=20
issues arising in connection with the derivatives trading in the world's=20
largest portfolio of natural gas and power risk management contracts.  Prior=20
to joining ECT, Mr. Taylor practiced law as an associate with Skadden, Arps,=20
Slate, Meagher & Flom in New York and Jakarta and with Liddell, Sapp, Zivley,=20
Hill & LaBoon in Houston and New York.
Brent:
Thanks very much for this report - these are VERY helpful in keeping me up to 
date on what's happening in your part of the world.
Mark
Importance:  High
Here is my list of some of the projects/contracts Andrea and I are involved
in or working on (recent comments are in bold):
TGS Secured Credit Facility--(Issue raised  by Don Black regarding the 
feasibility of pledging linepack gas.  We need to check with Robert George on 
this issue.)
Imbedded Capital Contracts--(Scott Porter raised the issue of developing a 
new form of template with Andrea and asked that we discuss the issue with 
Robert George.)
Distribution Contracts--The commercial group would like to have preapproved 
distribution contract forms available to give to customers so that the 
customer can submit them to the distribution company when electing a 
commercial bypass.  Only two distributors have had their form approved by the 
ENARGAS.  We are looking into what we can offer to our customers in the other 
distribution territories to speed the process of finalising distribution 
contracts with the LDCs to avoid long delays.
ENARGAS Expedientes--ENARGAS has issued an order to Enron to amend three of 
its gas contracts to modify references to firm transportation and to unbundle 
the pricing.  The ENARGAS also sent a letter to our customers which we feel 
overstepped their regulatory role.  The meeting between Roberto Pensoti and 
Hector Formica was held last Thursday.  Roberto had a follow up phone 
conversation with Hector on Friday and had a meeting Monday morning with 
Alicia Federico to get a feel for the amount of resistance we will get. We 
have been given a 30 day extension to respond to the order in order to have 
meetings with the ENARGAS and try to come to some resolution on this issue. 
The first meeting will be scheduled early next week.
Neuquen Tax Assessment--Andrea has faxed or emailed the pertinent information 
regarding the stamp tax assessment on the Technical Assistance Agreement 
between TGS and EPCA to George Frumkin, Anna Sepulveda and Michelle Blaine 
who will co-ordinate with TGS and Perez Companc on the strategy for 
responding to the assessment.  Michelle will call TGS outside counsel today 
in order to hire him to also represent EPCA.  EPCA has filed its response to 
Neuquen using the arguments prepared by TGS on January 27.  Michelle Blaine 
has requested information regarding what the next step by Neuquen might 
possibly be.  We will look into the issue.
Tax Lobbying--Jordan Mintz and Terry Thorn are proposing a series of meetings 
with government officials in late February and have asked Carlos Bastos to 
see if he can also arrange a meeting with Mr. Lenicov at that time.  Issues 
include determining whether the stamp tax and turnover tax issues can be 
lobbied at the national level or only at the provincial level.  There is a 
proposal that was floated that the turnover tax could be included in the VAT 
tax scheme which might solve the problem with the turnover tax.  The focus of 
the meetings is to determine how a lobbying strategy can be developed and who 
should be involved in the actual lobbying process.  Jordan Mintz is handing 
off the responsibility he had assumed on this issue to Jim Ginty.  Jordan has 
asked Carlos Bastos to see if he can set up a meeting with Mr. Lenicov on 
March 11th or 12th since Terry Thorn can be in Buenos Aires on those days.
Transportation Capacity Release Guidelines--Must review and comment on new 
ENARGAS proposed guidelines by February 5.  Comments were made on February 5.
Vandenfil--Vandenfil has filed for a pre-bankruptcy proceeding which has not 
yet been "opened" by the court due to the January recess.  For the last three 
months Vandenfil has made their payments only after our sending them
termination notices with a two business day cure period.    The most likely
scenario during the preliminary bankruptcy period is that our contract will 
be "continued" by the trustee giving us a priority in payment for ongoing 
deliveries of gas.  After the preliminary bankruptcy is opened if we have not 
been served notice that our contract is "continued" within 30 days we would 
be allowed to terminate the contract.  One of the risks that we face with 
this customer is that they may argue to the trustee that we cannot terminate 
the contract claiming we are providing a public service.
Imasa Bid--Format of Enron's original proposal structure changed.  Enron and 
Albanesi submitted joint termsheet to Central Puerto in November  where Enron 
proposed signing two contracts with Central Puerto, one for the supply of all 
the gas transportation and another for the supply for 60 percent of the gas 
requirements and Albanesi proposed two contracts, one for supplying 40 
percent of the supply of the gas and another for the building of the pipeline 
spur.  Central Puerto is studying the proposals and has not responded as of 
January 25, 1999.
Dow Pipeline Spur Feasibility Study--Enron and Dow are studying the 
feasibility of building a pipeline between TGS and two affiliates of Dow. 
Issues include determining whether our CEIASA shareholder and owners 
agreements preclude Enron from building spurs for end users and whether spurs 
that serve more than one customer can be built under current regulatory 
guidelines.  Andrea will be putting together a short report based on her 
meeting with Nestor Martinez.   A team meeting consisting of legal, 
regulatory, commercial, credit and structuring met yesterday to discuss the 
broad parameters of the Dow spur proposal.  The commercial group is preparing 
a first draft of a build, operate and finance termsheet that they would like 
to present to the customer on Thursday to be reviewed by Robert George. 
Credit is still doing its analysis of the two proposed counterparties.
Contract Review--Preliminary gas contract reviews for Central Puerto and Ave 
Fenix for Rob Rice and Federico Cerisoli.
Gas Deals:
Chauvco--20 day gas supply contract being drafted
Cerro VanGuardia--Amendment to the gas sale agreement being drafted to cover 
negotiated changes to the take or pay provisions.
Bagley--Two Offer letters sent to two Bagley entities for review, Enron was 
not the low bidder.  I have been asked by to look into how other "marketers" 
are avoiding the turnover tax and thus be more competitive than we are.  The 
customer is looking at the relative risks between firm distribution and 
interruptable distribution but is running up against a deadline for actually 
requesting a contract template for distribution services.  The contract is 
slated to begin March 23, however, the distributor has 30 days to respond for 
requests for distribution services.
Total--Spot master agreement proposed for transactions out of Neuquen.  Short 
term draft offer for gas out of Chubut being reviewed by Total.  A separate 
one year supply contract template supplied by Total is being reviewed.  The 
customers template contains the same type of language that gave us Antitrust 
trouble in the PCR contract.  Peidra Buena--Gas sale agreement for peaking
gas.    Final offer sent and Gas has started flowing.  We are now working on
a one year contract.  A termsheet has been sent to the customer. 
Dow--Negotiating offer letter format for sale of gas to two Dow affiliates. 
Gas deal is related to but independent of the spur issue.  A mark up of draft 
has been received the end of last week, Dow indicates that further comments 
are to be sent soon.
Power Deals:
We need to draft an output marketing form of contract for the purchase of 
electricity.
Argentine Signatories:
Scott Neal has approved a new structure for signatories in Argentina.  I will 
work with Hope Duggan firm on the new POA's.
Yes - it's definitely time to think about this.  My suggestion would be that 
we try to get Don to pay the expenses since the trip would be necessary 
regardless of who she was working for (EI or ECT).  Of course, if he balks, 
we'll foot the bill.
Brent Hendry@_DEVELOPMENT
11/16/98 11:58 AM
Is it time to think about when to bring Andrea to Houston to meet Jim 
Derrick?  Who's budget would it come out of?
Robert:
I believe that Sylvia Sauseda usually handles these matters.  Please let us 
both know the date you will be arriving with as much notice as possible so 
that we can have things ready for you.  We're looking forward to seeing you!
Robert Quick
02/17/99 12:42 PM
Mark, my secondment is coming up in a few weeks time. Sorry to trouble you 
about mundanities  but whom do I contact about arranging a desk, telephone pc 
etc. HR have told me it would be one of the assistants in ECT Legal. Any 
ideas? tks 
Here is your conversation with my revisions marked (deletions struck through, 
insertions in bold).  Hope this helps but feel free to call or write with any 
questions or comments:
A:   The CFTC regulates futures contracts and certain kinds of option 
contracts SP:  What's a futures contract?
A:  It is a contract for the sale of a certain kind of  commodity through a 
regulated  exchange.
SP:  How is the contract different than a non-futures contract?
A:  Ahem,   just for your information, we call the non-futures contracts 
forward or over the counter contracts.  The big difference is that the 
forward contract does not must go to delivery while futures contracts do not.
SP:  I though the futures contracts went to delivery.  I remember getting all 
messed up on the gas side with delivery of NYMEX futures gas at the Henry 
Hub, and what about those stories of a guys getting a load of soy beans 
dumped in their front yards?
A:  Well, er,  yes they do sometimes  go to delivery, but they are not really 
supposed to relatively few of them go to delivery.  They are supposed to  
more frequently (actually the vast majority of the time) net out as financial 
transactions.  It's that option of settling financially that distinguishes 
the futures contract.
SP:  Well lets get to the point,  why are physical buy sells so bad?
A:  That's easy.  Because they look like futures contracts.  They are not 
intended to go to delivery.  And if you are trading in futures contracts you 
are supposed to be doing it on a CFTC regulated exchange. 
SP:  So what you are saying is that if we deliberately net out our physical 
deals and never intend to even try to schedule delivery under them we are 
trading in futures contracts and could be subject to regulation by the CFTC?
A:  You've got it.  But it's even worse than that - federal law says that a 
futures contract which is not traded on a regulated exchange is illegal: not 
only could the CFTC come after you but your counterparties could use that law 
against you to get out of performing.  So you can think of each contract like 
that as having written a free option.
SP:  Well how much physicality do we have to have to make it a forward 
contract?
A:  What do you mean?
SP:  Well, if we settled physically one day a month but financially the other 
29 days, would we have a futures contract?
A:  Oh for Christ's sake I've had it.   I'm telling you once and for all that 
physical buy sells are futures contracts and you can't do them now get the 
hell out of my office 
Is this the basic idea and if so,  how much can we blend physical into it to 
cross the line into the domain of the forward contract?  --Christian 
Basically, yes.  A lot has to do with the look and feel of the thing but also 
the parties' intentions.  If we do not intend to make and take delivery, if 
we intend to settle financially - or even intend to just have the option to 
settle financially, we have a problem.  The closest thing we have to an 
exception to this is the provision for cover damages when one party fails to 
deliver.  That is a provision in the contract that might be argued gives one 
party the right to settle financially just by failing to perform.  We argue 
that this is still a forward and not a future because the parties in good 
faith intend initially that delivery will be made and a default occurs when 
there is a failure to make or take delivery.  Unfortunately, in the power 
world a large percentage of contracts may in fact get booked out.  However, 
each party enters into those contracts knowing that they have an obligation 
to make or take delivery and the book-outs may or may not happen - we do not 
enter into those contracts knowing that they will be booked out.  The 
book-outs occur after the fact by mutual agreement at the time of the 
book-out.  In fact, if we didn't want to book them out, we could stand on our 
legal rights and require all of our counterparties to make and take delivery 
(although I assume this might not go over well with many of them or with our 
scheduling desk if a book-out would be more convenient at the time).
I am also admitted in New York which has recently instituted a CLE 
requirement.
Mary Ogden on 02/18/99 03:32:02 PM
As you know, the Enron Law Conference will be in New Orleans May 5-7.  I will 
be helping Shonnie Daniel of ECT Legal and Vickie Wolk-Laniewski and Laurie 
Hamlin of PGE Legal to obtain CLE certification from your respective state 
bar associations.  This certification will enable you to obtain CLE credit 
for attending the conference.
We will be applying to the state bars of Texas and Oregon for certification Please send me a return email message by Tuesday, March 16, 1999, if you 
desire  certification for any other state.
Thank you,
Mary C. Ogden
Legal Specialist
ECT Legal
FYI
Robert Quick
02/18/99 04:28 AM
Mark
I will be starting Monday 15th  March and finishing Friday 7th May. Very much 
looking forward to coming over.
See you then.
Robert
Robert:
I believe that Sylvia Sauseda usually handles these matters.  Please let us 
both know the date you will be arriving with as much notice as possible so 
that we can have things ready for you.  We're looking forward to seeing you!
Robert Quick
02/17/99 12:42 PM
Mark, my secondment is coming up in a few weeks time. Sorry to trouble you 
about mundanities  but whom do I contact about arranging a desk, telephone pc 
etc. HR have told me it would be one of the assistants in ECT Legal. Any 
ideas? tks 
Marc,
I agree completely and don't have any legal reason not to send the form of 
L/C we would require.  Unfortunately, given the nature of this transaction we 
can't use our standard form but will have to beef it up a bit.  Let me know 
if you're ready to send that and I'll get started on it right away shouldn't take more than a day or so to get it ready.
Mark
Marc De La Roche
02/24/99 06:45 AM
Mark,
FYI: Ram Srivastav is the President of DPC. Can we send DPC the format of the 
Stdby L/C to advance the credit risk portion? We're not committing to 
actually putting a derivative in place, just familiarizing them with the 
necessary tools. The legal risk aspect will be covered when we get their 
outside counsel opinion sent to us. Please let me know. While I feel strongly 
that we need to cover all of ECT's bases, especially when dealing with the 
Indians, I don't want to appear to hold up the process. Let me know what you 
think.
Marc
While the legal openions are coming - please continue working the rest of the 
issues and Dont forget that MSEB has to understand and agree to any of these 
arrangements.
Ram
______________________________ Reply Separator 
_________________________________
Mood Stamp:  FYI
We very much look forward to being able to help DPC mitigate it's fuel price 
risk by implementing a derivative through ECT.
ECT's counsel has advised me that the format for the Standby Letter of Credit 
to cover ECT's exposure on the derivatives will be sent to you/DPC as soon as 
you provide us with an opinion from outside (non-DPC) Indian counsel on the 
legality of commodity derivatives in India.
Pursuant to the above, please obtain a formal opinion from outside (non-DPC) 
Indian counsel on the legality of commodity derivatives in India, and send it 
to myself  at your earliest convenience.
Thanking you in advance,
Marc
Marc,
Here's a draft reply to your latest e-mail, which I would send to all those 
copied on your note to me.  What do you think?
Marc,
We have sought, and paid for, advice from Indian counsel concerning commodity 
derivative transactions with Indian counterparites.  We have had that advice 
updated and confirmed in connection with this proposed transaction.  The 
result of that advice is that we will require an opinion from DPC's outside 
counsel that the proposed transaction is enforceable against DPC before the 
transaction can proceed.  While I have no legal objection to sending a form 
of L/C that would be acceptable to us, it doesn't make much sense to go 
through the exercise if DPC will not be providing the necessary opinions.
Mark  
Debbie:
I think we should probably do a special form for this particular 
transaction.  I've left a voice-mail to Marc to that effect.  There are 
several issues here that don't exist in our run-of-the-mill deals that should 
be covered in the L/C language.
Mark
In light of the rising frequency of human-grizzly bear conflicts, the
Montana Department of Fish and Game is advising hikers, hunters, and
fishermen to take extra precautions and keep alert of bears while in the
field.
We advise that outdoorsmen wear noisy little bells on their clothing, so as
not to startle bears that aren't expecting them.  We also advise outdoorsmen
to carry pepper spray with them in case of an encounter with a bear.  It is
also a good idea to watch out for fresh signs of bear activity.  Outdoorsmen
should recognize the difference between black bear and grizzly bear dung.
Black bear dung is smaller and contains lots of berries and squirrel fur.
Grizzly bear dung has little bells in it and smells like pepper.
You guys around this weekend?
We have asked for a legal opinion from the counterparty's Indian counsel but 
have not received it yet.  That's the reason I'd like to do a special form of 
L/C - we need to add some language that indicates enforceability of the 
underlying agreement is not a prerequisite to a draw.
Marc - I know Bill well - give me a call (713)853-7459.
Mark/Steve,
Do either one of you know "Bill Bradford".  He is the risk management area.
I'm interviewing with him on Wednesday and just wonder what to expect.
Thanks!
MRC
Brent Hendry@_DEVELOPMENT
11/19/98 12:28 PM
I wanted to run this agreement by you before I sent it to Randy.  The 
Directors and officers of Argentine companies have joint and several 
liability to the shareholders and third parties for their acts as directors 
and officers and therefore what often happens is that the companies agree to 
indemnify them as long as they are acting within their scope of employment I have created this form out of several documents I have run across and 
wanted to know if it looks reasonable.  I will also check into whether it 
needs to be approved by the shareholders and whether an Argentine company can 
even agree to indemnify its directors and officers in advance of any action Please let me know what you think.
Hmmm, interesting question.  Most of the guys I've interviewed have gotten 
dressed up even on casual days, but then we're pretty causal every day so 
it's hard to tell.  I don't think he'd mind if you called to ask.  That 
department is a little dressier than my area (they actually wear ties most of 
the time Mon - Thurs) but I think Friday is pretty casual there - and you 
have a pretty good excuse.  It might depend on who else (if anyone) you'll be 
seeing.  The reason they get dressed up so much is that one of the senior 
guys (don't know which one, but can find out if you want) on that floor is 
always in a suit & tie.  If you're also talking to him it might make sense to 
bring a change of clothes and use a stall after the interview.
Sorry for the delay - we won't be able to go with you tomorrow night - hope 
you have fun anyway!
Mark,
We're going to the Vince Gill concert on Thursday night, and the persons
that were joining us had to go out of town.  Let me know if you would like
to join us (2 tickets).
Marc
Mark--thanks for taking the time to talk me through our power hedge deal with 
AEI.  The more I think about it, the more I think that using your Omnibus 
Agreement is appropriate to this deal.  Who can get me an electronic copy of 
that form so I can take a look at it?  I'd like to be able to review it and 
then attempt to fit my deal into it.  Thanks.  MDS
Dan -
I left you a voice mail about this contract.  Can you let me know who the 
best person would be to review one of these for Brent?
Thanks,
Mark
Mark, Here is the translation of the Liquids Contract between TGS and Enron 
International Argentina S.A.  It is based on the form of contract used 
previously by TGS.  Let me know who will be looking at the document.  Thanks.
Mara Carvajales  
Brent, attached you will find the translation of the contract you e-mailed me 
yesterday.
- contrato de procesamientobrent.doc
The report of my absence is premature - I will be in our South American 
offices Mon. - Thurs. of next week but am in the office in Houston all of 
this week.
I am also not aware of any memoranda on point.  I have seen the issue 
addressed in an off-hand way in one or more articles (not really legal 
analysis) and will keep my eyes open for those.  The bottom line is usually 
that insurance requires an actual loss and proof of that loss before a claim 
can be made on the insurance while in the case of the derivative, no loss 
needs to be shown, only the actual weather conditions described in the 
agreement.
Mark
Shari Stack
03/09/99 11:57 AM
I am not aware of any ECT commissioned memo addressing why OTC Weather 
Transactions are not considered contracts for insurance. Mark may know 
something I don't but FYI- he is out of the office on business for the next 2 
weeks.
We do have a memo from Cadwalader which discusses whether a weather contract 
can be considered a "commodity" within the meaning of the U.S. Commodities 
Exchange Act. I will fax that over to you now for info.
Kind 
Shari 
Nony Flores
03/09/99 06:03 PM
Mark:
Just a brief note to follow up with additional information regarding the 
Global Information Site mentioned by Mr. Fishkin, and my comments to that 
section.   As I mentioned in my memo, Sheri Cromwell has been gathering data 
and working with the Internet group to come up with the initial draft for the 
ECT Legal website.    Sheri completed the first draft last Friday and asked 
me who will need to be involved in the review and approval of this 
information.  I mentioned to Sheri that you and Tana were working on a 
special project and that one of the goals was to create a Global Information 
Site or something similar, and that I had mentioned to you as well that she 
was gathering some data for that particular purpose.
I'm not sure what your plans are regarding the Intranet Site, but since 
Sheri has already done this work I thought I would let you know in case you 
and Tana are interested in talking to Sheri and reviewing her work.  Sheri 
has a lot of good ideas and she seems to enjoy project development 
responsibilities, not to mention that she's had the opportunity to establish 
good relationships with the Internet team 
Thanks.
Nony
Robert:
Actually, I will be out of the office Mon - Wed of next week.  Tana is 
expecting you and will be able to get you started on the swap training 
program.  You will probably need to give her name at the receptionist in the 
lobby - her extension is x33399.  If she isn't around, Jan Dobernecker 
(x33427) will at least be able to get you in the building.  Your office will 
be EB3847 and your phone number will be (713)853-6121.  Have a good flight!
Mark
Robert Quick
03/10/99 01:24 PM
Mark, shall I report to you when I arrive on Monday am? tks 
Note Chicago - Hong Kong rtn for $475.
Please respond to United E-Fares                         UNITED INTERNATIONAL E-FARES
This is a post only e-mail.  Please do not reply.
Thank you for subscribing to United's E-Fares (sm).  E-Fares are one of
the easiest ways for you to save on United Airlines flights.  Simply browse
the list below, then go to   for valid flights, times and
to purchase your tickets online.  If your e-mail is Internet compatible,
just click the hyperlink to access our website.
To remove your name from our mailing list, log-on to E-fares, at
Click on E-Fares in the Shortcuts drop down list.  Log
on to United Connection on the Web, click on your name next to Traveler ID:,
then on User Profile and make the change in the Email section of your
Personal Information.
See E-Fares Facts below for additional conditions and restrictions.
Departure City              Destination City           Roundtrip Fare
Latin America E-Fares: United Economy
Miami (MIA)                 Rio De Janeiro (GIG)       426.00
Miami (MIA)                 Sao Paulo (GRU)            479.00
New York (JFK)              Buenos Aires (EZE)         479.00
New York (JFK)              Caracas (CCS)              264.00
New York (JFK)              Sao Paulo (GRU)            496.00
Pacific E-Fares: United Economy
Boston (BOS)                Hong Kong (HKG)            525.00
Chicago (ORD)               Hong Kong (HKG)            475.00
Chicago (ORD)               Tokyo (NRT)                595.00
Los Angeles (LAX)           Auckland (AKL)             785.00
Los Angeles (LAX)           Hong Kong (HKG)            425.00
Los Angeles (LAX)           Singapore (SIN)            525.00
Los Angeles (LAX)           Sydney (SYD)               875.00
Los Angeles (LAX)           Tokyo (NRT)                475.00
New York (JFK)              Hong Kong (HKG)            525.00
San Francisco (SFO)          (BJS)                     800.00
San Francisco (SFO)         Shanghai (SHA)             800.00
San Francisco (SFO)         Sydney (SYD)               875.00
San Francisco (SFO)         Taipei (TPE)               425.00
San Francisco (SFO)         Tokyo (NRT)                475.00
Seattle (SEA)               Tokyo (NRT)                475.00
International E-Fare Facts
E-Fares are only valid for round-trip travel on United Airlines, and are
restricted to the flights and dates indicated.  One-way travel, stopovers,
and standby travel are not permitted.
E-Fares are valid only for travel originating in the city or cities indicated.
International E-Fares are not eligible for any type of upgrade to a
higher class of service.
It is the passenger's responsibility to be in possession of all necessary
documentation for the destination country (valid passport, visa, etc.) at
the time of departure. United reserves the right to deny boarding to
passengers without the proper documentation.
Seats are limited and may not be available on all flights/dates. Offer is
for a very limited time and is subject to change without notice.
Reservations must be made using United's website at least one day
prior to travel. Tickets require immediate purchase by credit card when
reservations are made. Ticketing will be electronic (E-Ticket) where
applicable. Otherwise tickets must be picked up at a United Airlines
City Ticket Office or at an airport location within 48 hours of making
the reservations or on the day of departure, whichever is earlier. Credit
card owner must be present to show the credit card used to purchase
the ticket as well as a valid picture ID.
Tickets are non-refundable, but a wholly unused ticket may be applied
toward future travel on United Airlines for a USD 75 service fee.
E-Fares are only available for travel on or after the date of purchase
and will not be honored retroactively or in conjunction with the
exchange of any wholly or partially unused ticket.
Changes to flight date, flight number and routing are not permitted. In
the event of a flight cancellation, customers will, at United's option,
either be re-accommodated on another United flight or be issued a
refund, but will not be accommodated on another airline's flights.
International fares may be subject to government approval.
Fares are subject to U.S. departure, agricultural, immigrations, customs
and security taxes/surcharges of up to USD 47. For travel to some
countries, additional airport, transportation, embarkation, security, duty,
equalization, passenger service and noise taxes/surcharges of up to
USD 35 will apply depending on the destination and may vary slightly
depending on currency exchange rates at the time of purchase. For
return travel from some countries, fares do not include airport and/or
departure taxes of up to USD 37 which may be collected by the foreign
government at time of departure.
Fares do not include Passenger Facility Charges of up to $12 per
round-trip which may be collected depending upon the itinerary.
Fares cannot be combined with any other United Airlines or other
airlines' discount, coupon, or promotional offers.
?1999 United Airlines
?1999 Internet Travel Network
Nony:
I will be participating, possibly with Brent Hendry (Brent - are you 
available?), from Buenos Aires.  Will we need to set up a conference call so 
that both London and B.A. can be connected?  It's also possible that Martin 
will be back in Oslo by then.  I'm not sure what his plans are re 
participating.
Regarding the agenda, I would appreciate an update from someone on the 
internet trading plans in Europe.  In particular, I'm wondering if there are 
enforceability/statute of frauds type issues in Europe like we might face 
here and what research has been done to date in that area.  Since at least 
one of us will be on the line from Argentina, we might do a quick update on 
some of the significant problems we are having with the regulators there.
Mark
Nony Flores
03/10/99 05:48 PM
* * R E M I N D E R 
The International Trading Committee will resume its regular monthly meetings 
on Tuesday, March 16, 1998 from 9:00 - 10:00 a.m. (Houston time) in EB38C1 If you have any topics that you would like to present at this meeting, please 
notify either Alan or myself and we will put them on the agenda.  Also, if 
you have any materials that need to be distributed prior to this meeting, 
please let me know and I'll be glad to coordinate their distribution.
Thanks.
Nony Flores
Marc,
According to Houston Sidewalk the game starts at 7:30 p.m.  Why don't we pick 
you up just before 7:00.  Let me know if that's a problem.
Mark
Michelle is going to discuss this with Sharon Butcher (an outside labor 
lawyer we use).  Apparently there is some corporate policy against 
indemnifying employees but she understands there may be a distinction here 
due to the nature of Argentine law in the area.   We'll keep you posted.
Marc,
The game starts at 7:30.  Why don't we stop by to pick you up at a little 
before 7:00.  Let me know if this presents any problems.
Mark
FYI
Paul Simons
03/12/99 08:53 AM
FYI - bon weekend!
Paul Simons
03/12/99 12:08 PM
As requested, a thumb-nail sketch of the above. As you will see, the sky is 
generally blue , but follow up work will be required in one or two countries 
before we can give the all-clear.
Executive Summary
Generally, only the Czech Republic, Poland, the Netherlands (options and 
swaptions only) and Spain (options only) are countries/transaction types in 
respect of which we cannot begin marketing and trading now. 
In Germany, Hungary, Italy, Norway, Sweden and the UK, the marketing and 
trading of ALL weather derivatives products can commence immediately. 
In France, the marketing and trading of ALL weather products can begin when 
we receive acceptance from SFA of our French passport application (in the 
next few weeks).
The marketing of, and trading in, Dutch weather swaps and Spanish swaps and 
swaptions can commence immediately.
1. are weather derivatives regulated ( eg marketing restrictions/ 
licence/capital requirements etc)?
2.  could they be construed to be unauthorised insurance contracts?
3.  could they be construed to be gaming contracts?
Czech Republic  ---  1.  Totally unregulated
2.  Possibly, yes (especially 
options) with criminal consequences if unauthorised
3.  Unlikely if transacted for 
commercial purpose
France  ---  1.  Regulated in the same way as commodity derivatives (ISD 
passport available to EEFT)
2.  Unlikely
3.  No
Germany ---  1. Totally unregulated
2.  Not insurance contracts
3.  Carve out from gaming law possibly not 
available, but no problem if in good faith believe c'party is hedging 
(English law may improve analysis)
Hungary  ---  1.  Totally unregulated
2.  Highly unlikely (if individually negotiated)
3.  Highly unlikely
Italy  ---  1.  Totally unregulated
2.  No
3.  Probably not if transacted for commercial reason
Netherlands  ---  1.  Same as commodity derivatives, but capital requirements 
may apply to options and swaptions (we are checking this)
2.  Unlikely
3.  Unlikely if transacted for a valid 
commercial purpose (but we will clarify in light of possible criminal 
sanctions)
Norway  ---  1. Totally unregulated
2.  Probably not insurance contracts, but may be 
prudent to check with Banking Securities and Insurance Commission
3.  No problem if in good faith believe c'party is 
transacting for sound financial/commercial reason
Poland  ---   1.  No specific requirements now (eg under the Energy law)
2.  Unlikely, but unclear: need to check with 
Minister of Finance (English law would not help) -  up to 2 yrs' imprisonment 
for breaches
3.  Unlikely if transacted for commercial reasons, 
but need to check with  Minister of Finance (risk of 3 yrs' imprisonment and 
loss of power licence)
Spain  ---  1.  Totally unregulated if OTC 
2.  Swaps and swaptions, no. Options, unclear (risk 
higher if a premium is payable and contract a hedge). Result: options may be 
void
3.  No problem if one party transacts for valid 
commercial purpose
Sweden  ---  1.  Regulated in the same way as commodity derivatives
2.  No 
3.  No  
United Kingdom  ---  1. Regulated by SFA (must be transacted through EEFT etc)
2.  No
3.  No, provided one part 
transacts by way of business (Enron will).
Let's discuss this note before we distribute it more widely (including any 
comments you may have).
Paul
Carolina,
I have finally received my tickets.  I will arrive at Ezeiza on United 
Airlines flight #761 on Sunday, March 14 at 11:15 a.m.  Can you arrange to 
have a driver meet me at the airport?  I will be staying at the Sheraton Thank you very much for your help.
Mark
I tried dialing 8-9-0-0- and 8-9-0 right after we finished talking and 
neither one works.  We'll have to keep hoping.
Thanks for your help - is Scott is in Houston today?  Maybe I could meet with 
him here.  Any chance he will be back in BA by Tuesday? (I am scheduled to 
leave Tuesday night.)
Carolina Waingortin@_DEVELOPMENT
03/12/99 11:25 AM
Scott Neal will not be in BA on monday (he will probably make it for 
Wednesday).
Don Black's agenda is open so I added this meeting on his schedule at 10:00am.
Have a nice trip and I will send you a car to pick you up.
C.
1. Jason Rose
2. Jason appeared intelligent and poised.  He was well prepared for his 
interview 3. While Jason has some legal-related experience, I wonder if a second year 
student might not be a better catch for us.  If we don't have that as an 
option, I think Jason would be fine.
Monica Jordan
03/12/99 01:55 PM
Please see below.  Thanks for interviewing Jason Rose as part of the HBA 
Minority Summer Clerkship Program.  Monica
Monica Jordan
03/11/99 03:38 PM
Since we've had some last-minute changes in the interviewing schedules, 
please forward me a short email or voice mail on the candidates you 
interviewed indicating:
(1) The name(s) of the candidates you interviewed
(2)  What you thought of them (generally)
(3) Whether you would hire them
**if you interviewed more than 1 candidate, please rank them
--> Julia and I will meet sometime next week to go over the feedback (anyone 
who interviewed is welcome to join us).
Thanks!
Monica
Thanks Nony - sounds good to me.
Nony Flores
03/16/99 09:56 AM
Mark:  I'll follow up with Marcus von Bock for next month's meeting for an 
update on this subject okay?
Nony
Mark Elliott
03/16/99 01:55 AM
Nony,
I believe that Marcus von Bock in the Legal Dept is working on this and the 
huge project concerning the legal  issues surrounding the internet around the 
globe  (I  did the first Xtranet site for Switzerland towards the end of last 
year).
I have copied this message to Marcus.
Kind  
Mark  
Nony Flores
03/12/99 11:53 PM
Mark:
Mark Taylor would like to have an update from someone in the London group 
regarding the internet trading plans in Europe.  In particular, he is 
wondering if there are enforceability/statute of frauds type issues in Europe 
like we might face here and what research has been done to date in that 
area.  I remember that during our January meeting you briefly discussed 
websites for Germany and Switzerland for power trading as well as procedures 
for contracting electronically, etc.  Would you be able to address Mark 
Taylor's questions in our upcoming meeting on Tuesday?  If not, could you 
help me identify someone else in the group that can address this issue?
Many thanks.
Nony Flores
Mark
Nony Flores
03/10/99 05:48 PM
* * R E M I N D E R 
The International Trading Committee will resume its regular monthly meetings 
on Tuesday, March 16, 1998 from 9:00 - 10:00 a.m. (Houston time) in EB38C1 If you have any topics that you would like to present at this meeting, please 
notify either Alan or myself and we will put them on the agenda.  Also, if 
you have any materials that need to be distributed prior to this meeting, 
please let me know and I'll be glad to coordinate their distribution.
Thanks.
Nony Flores
Here's the agreement with my changes (I think they show up in blue).  I 
changed the "permit' language and one date 
Mark,
Pursuant to my message yesterday, please find an attached copy of WMI's 
Agreement for your review.
Thanks,
Michael Moulton
Justin -
How do we participate in the CEPI?  Are we providing prices to them?
Mark
Justin Boyd
03/19/99 05:17 AM
Dow Jones will this month launch a new power index, known as the Central 
European Power Index (CEPI). The participating companies include Enron, 
PreussenElektra, Electrabel and VASA. The delivery point will be a point on 
the PreussenElektra grid.
CEPI is the second Central European index to be introduced by Dow Jones, the 
first being SWEP.
FYI - I found this on the internet today:
=ABB: Power Derivatives Trading In Germany Still Long Way Off
[Dow Jones News Service via DowVision ? Rcvd: Mar 18, 05:51 AM 
By Axel Revheim 
OSLO (Dow Jones)--Derivatives trading in the German electricity market won't 
take off until certain structural blocks in the
power industry are cleared, paving the way for a spot market to develop as a 
first step, Jonas Kollberg, head of ABB Financial
Energy told Dow Jones this week. 
ABB Financial Energy is a division of Swiss-Swedish engineering and 
construction conglomerate ABB Asea Brown Boveri Ltd.
(ABBBY 
A small number of large, vertically integrated German electricity companies 
are effectively hindering the development of free
trade - presenting a stumbling block by both owning the production of 
electricity and controlling the means of transmission, or
grids. 
Currently, if a third-party wants to transport power, it must separately 
negotiate access and prices for each grid - an impractical
arrangement for the spot market, Kollberg said. 
'The advantage of the Nordic model is that you have great liquidity for 
derivatives based on a broadly acknowledged system
price. You also have several producers creating a well-functioning spot 
market. I can't see how they're going to solve this in
Germany. They have too many isolated (monopolized) grid areas,' Kollberg 
said. 
Financial power contracts like futures, forwards and other derivatives are 
based on an underlying reference price, often an
average of spot price throughout a region or country. There won't be any 
power derivatives trading in Germany before an
acknowledged reference price is established, he said. 
A Liberalized Market In Law Only 
The practice among German utilities of pricing electricity transmission based 
on the distance traveled, is a powerful barrier to
trading, Kollberg said. In the fully liberalized Norwegian power market, for 
example, independent producers are charged fees
for access to grids based on an established point system. Producers pay the 
same tariff, regardless of how far the electricity is
transported. 
Germany's new energy law, in effect since April 1998, paves the way for all 
German consumers to choose who supplies them
with electricity. However, without clear, published grid access tariffs or a 
national reference price, few customers have, in
reality, been able to move away from their regional supplier. 
No decision has been made yet as to how Germany will organize its spot market 
for electricity sales. The first German electricity
bourse is likely to be set up in either Frankfurt, Dusseldorf, Hamburg or 
Leipzig. But interested parties such as the Deutsche
Boerse in Frankfurt have acknowledged that a physical spot market needs to be 
in place before futures trading can be
introduced. 
Nord Pool, the joint Swedish-Norwegian power exchange, recently joined up 
with Germany's Landesbank Sachsen
Girozentrale, the Leipzig town authority and the Saxony state government to 
establish a power exchange in Leipzig. 
Using expertise gained in the Nordic market, Kjetil Knutsen at Nord Pool 
Consulting told Dow Jones that the plan is to develop
a spot market in Germany along the lines of the Nordic model. 
There will be one system price for the whole of Germany, based on spot prices 
in the seven regions which are controlled by
Germany's 'Verbund' regional transmission companies, he said. 
'One can solve the spot price problem,' he said. The question isn't whether 
Germany will have a functioning spot market, but
rather when, he said. 
Separation Of Producers, Grids The Key 
Even if Germany eventually establishes a reference price, the problem of 
vertical integration remains. One needs unbundling
(between producers and grids) to open the way for competition, ABB's Kollberg 
said. 
According to ABB's own analysis, between 78% and 83% of German power 
transmission lines are owned and controlled by
the big German power producers. 
As long as domestic producers have such grid control, power imports and 
exports from Germany won't be free, said Kollberg. 
Any overcapacity of French power generation could be imported to the benefit 
of German consumers. however, because
German producers control transmission, the tendency is to shield the domestic 
market from competition, observers said. 
French electricity imports could lower prices sharply for German end-users of 
electricity. According to Kollberg, there's an
overcapacity of 40 terawatts of electricity in France, while Germany too has 
an overcapacity of 31 TW. 
I understand that Robin Jordan has taken care of this in my absence.  If you 
still need anything from me, please let me know.
Mark
Just to clarify what I need from you:
1.  Make any changes for the folks in your group, ECT-Financial Trading, on 
the list I sent you, including e-mail addresses; and
2.  Have any NEW attorneys (Mark Elliott, Elizabeth Sager, Paul Simons and 
Shari Stack) fill out the Professional Biographies Form (attached to the back 
of the fax I sent yesterday); and
3.  Return any changes and Professional Biographies forms to me (Room 4804a) 
no later than Tuesday, December 1, 1998.
Thanks!
Sara
I discussed this matter with Brent yesterday and I believe the correct title 
for Andrea is "Attorney".
Importance:  High
I have been requested by Robin Jordan to review and update our group 
information for the Legal Pictorial.
In the information I received about Andrea Calo, she has the position of 
"Senior Counsel". Would you be so kind so as to confirm whether this is right 
?
Thanks for your co-operation.
,
Graciela Comercio
Assistant to Brent Hendry & Andrea Calo
FYI
Gracie S Presas
03/17/99 11:07 AM
Response to your note regarding Project Management.  We have scheduled a 
Project Management session for April 13 & 14, please register through the ECT 
Development Center.  If any assistance is needed, please let me know.
Gracie
3-3985
Hey Bob 
Her name is Kartini Muljadi.  I haven't done a good job of staying in touch 
but the last numbers I have for her are:
Phone: 62-21-525-6968
Fax: 62-21-525-5561
If those don't work, you might check with Yao who has stayed in touch with 
one of the other lawyers in that firm.  He has moved over to Enron  
International where he is responsible for their African legal affairs.  I 
know he is out of town (in Africa) right now and unfortunately I'm not sure 
if his e-mail address has changed.  His phone number is the same - maybe his 
secretary could put you in touch with him.
Good luck!
Mark
P.S. - If you do get in touch with Kartini, please send her my  .  I'm 
pretty sure she still likes me in spite of the way Skadden's relationship 
with her ended.
Is this something one of your people should look at?
This is a rough draft of a new form of supply agreement for electricity that 
I sent to a potential supplier, Central Termica Alto Valle S.A. for their 
comments.  The Termination section is still under review.
Brent Hendry
19/02/99 07:22 PM
At the request of Scott Neal please find attached a draft Output Marketing 
form for your review.
(See attached file: OUTPUTen3.doc)
- OUTPUTen3.doc
Thanks Nony - looks good to me!
Nony Flores
03/19/99 05:51 PM
Mark:
Attached is the standard job posting form that we've been using lately for 
your review and comments.  Please let me know if we need to add any specific 
requirements applicable to Jan's desk.  As indicated in the form, I've 
requested the posting to end on April 2, 1999.   We will post internally and 
externally (external posting is via the Internet 
Thanks.
Nony
Scott:
What would you think about the week of April 19 for Tana's visit to London?
Mark
What travel dates did you have in mind?  I think you said you wanted to leave 
NY for London on the evening of the 16th (arriving Saturday morning), but 
when do you want to go to NY?  Let me know & I'll give Lillie a call.
Scott Sefton
03/23/99 02:56 AM
Sounds good to me. 
Scott:
What would you think about the week of April 19 for Tana's visit to London?
Mark
FYI
Shirley Maddox
03/23/99 03:33 PM
Attached is the updated Credit Watch listing. If there are personnel in your 
group that were not included in this distribution, please insure that they 
receive a copy of this report. 
To add additional people to this distribution, or if this report has been 
sent to you in error, please contact Shirley Maddox at X6114. 
For other questions, please contact Bill Bradford at X3-3831, Russell Diamond 
at X5-7095, or the Global Credit Hotline at X3-1803.
Russell Diamond
03/23/99 09:45 AM
Shirley,
Please distribute,
Thanks
Russell
Could you guys please get in touch with Andrea Bertone in Sao Paolo & send 
her copies of our forms that might be useful in coming up with appropriate 
documentation for this transaction.  Sara - you should probably discuss with 
her the regulatory situation and make sure we can actually do this.  Brent 
may have some information as well.
Thanks,
Mark
Mark / Tana,
The origination team in Brasil is about to close Enron's first electricity 
trading transaction in Brasil (in fact it will be also the first one in 
Brasil). Just to summarise, we are negotiating the purchase of 3MW for 30 
days to sell it to an industrial customer.
I spoke with Andrea Bertone (our internal legal counsel) and we thought that 
the most efficient way to develop the contracts between Enron, the seller and 
the purchaser of power would be to use the model of contracts that Enron 
currently applies for the electricity trading transaction in the US, and then 
adapt them considering the commercial conditions of the deal as well as the 
Brazilian regulatory aspects. Therefore, I would like to ask you to send us a 
copy of such contracts, and since the power will be available on 01 April, I 
would really appreciate if you could send them asap.
Thanks and 
Marcelo Parodi
phone: 5511 5503-1229
Hey Marc - any chance you guys might like to join us on a one week sailing 
vacation in the Caribbean early next year (Feb or March)?
Anita:
I seem to remember that our traders in Singapore did a deal with a PRC 
company a while back and it was our conclusion at the time that it was a very 
dangerous (perhaps unenforceable) thing to do.  My vague memory is that only 
financial institutions could enter into derivatives in the PRC and even then 
there was invariably a sovereign immunity risk.  Do you remember this and can 
you refresh my recollection?
Mark
Mark,
Cynthia Scneider recommended I check with you on the ability of Chinese 
government-owned entities to enter into derivative contracts with Enron.  Has 
ECT done any research on China?  Please see the e-mail below for details on 
counterparty, size, term, etc.
Thanks,
Heather Mitchell
Heather J Mitchell
11/05/98 03:36 PM
Cynthia,
The EI LNG Group is looking at providing LNG price risk management for China. 
Could you please confirm whether China National Oil Company (Corp.?) and 
China State Power Corp. are creditworthy counterparties?  Before Doug and I 
talk to the traders I want to see whether we would even be willing to sell 
LNG risk management to them.
The structure the group is most likely interested in is 500,000 MT to 
1,000,000 MT per year for five to 20 years (depending on what our traders are 
comfortable with).  I imagine the Chinese would be interested in a cap or 
collar, and not a fixed price.
What other info do you need for a quick estimate?
Thanks,
Heather
That schedule sounds good to me.
Shari Stack
03/30/99 03:53 PM
If Airlines Sold Paint 
BUYING PAINT FROM A HARDWARE STORE
Customer: Hi. How much is your paint?
Clerk: We have regular quality for $12 a gallon and premium for $18. How many 
gallons would you like?
Customer: Five gallons of regular quality, please.
Clerk: Great. That will be $60 plus tax.
BUYING PAINT FROM AN AIRLINE
Customer: Hi, how much is your paint?
Clerk: Well, sir, that all depends.
Customer: Depends on what?
Clerk: Actually, a lot of things.
Customer: How about giving me an average price?
Clerk: Wow, that's too hard a question. The lowest price is $9 a gallon, and 
we have 150 different prices up to $200 a gallon.
Customer: What's the difference in the paint?
Clerk: Oh, there isn't any difference; it's all the same paint.
Customer: Well, then, I'd like some of that $9 paint.
Clerk: Well, first I need to ask you a few questions. When do you intend to 
use it?
Customer: I want to paint tomorrow, on my day off.
Clerk: Sir, the paint for tomorrow is the $200 paint.
Customer: What? When would I have to paint in order to get the $9 version?
Clerk: That would be in three weeks, but you will also have to agree to start 
painting before Friday of that week and continue painting until at least 
Sunday.
Customer: You've got to be kidding!
Clerk: Sir, we don't kid around here. Of course, I'll have to check to see if 
we have any of that paint available before I can sell it to you.
Customer: What do you mean check to see if you can sell it to me? You have 
shelves full of that stuff; I can see it right there.
Clerk: Just because you can see it doesn't mean that we have it. It may be 
the same paint, but we sell only a certain number of gallons on any given 
weekend. Oh, and by the way, the price just went to $12.
Customer: You mean the price went up while we were talking!
Clerk: Yes, sir. You see, we change prices and rules thousands of times a 
day, and since you haven't actually walked out of the store with your paint 
yet, we just decided to change. Unless you want the same thing to happen 
again, I would suggest that you get on with your purchase. How many gallons 
do you want?
Customer: I don't know exactly. Maybe five gallons. Maybe I should buy six 
gallons just to make sure I have enough.
Clerk: Oh, no, sir, you can't do that. If you buy the paint and then don't 
use it, you will be liable for penalties and possible confiscation of the 
paint you already have.
Customer: What?
Clerk: That's right. We can sell you enough paint to do your kitchen, 
bathroom, hall and north bedroom, but if you stop painting before you do the 
bedroom, you will be in violation
of our tariffs.
Customer: But what does it matter to you whether I use all the paint? I 
already paid you for it!
Clerk: Sir, there's no point in getting upset; that's just the way it is. We 
make plans based upon the idea that you will use all the paint, and when you 
don't, it just causes
us all sorts of problems.
Customer: This is crazy! I suppose something terrible will happen if I don't 
keep painting until after Saturday night!
Clerk: Yes, sir, it will.
Customer: Well, that does it! I'm going somewhere else to buy my paint.
Clerk: That won't do you any good, sir. We all have the same rules. Thanks 
for painting with our airline.
Looks good to me.
Susan Flynn
03/30/99 11:27 AM
Mark, I would like to take vacation on the Thursday, April 8 (1998 
Discretionary Day which I previously spoke to you about that B. Whitehead did 
not complete correctly on my 12/98 timesheet), Friday, April 9 (1999 
Discretionary Day) and Monday and Tuesday, April 12 and 13th (vacation 
days).  I spoke with Marie and Tana; they will be in the office on these 
days.   Please let me know if this meets with your approval 
The Inn at Little Washington sounds great but I'm afraid I won't be able to 
make it this time.  However, as the geekiest among I consider it my duty to 
point out that since the millennium doesn't actually end until December 31, 
2000, we do have next year!
This is your last chance to spend Easter with us in this millennium.  Amanda 
and I will be in DC on Saturday and then we are going to the Inn at Little 
Washington outside of DC for Sunday dinner.  Why don't you two Texans charter 
a jet and come on in?  It will make a splash with the locals.  Amanda can 
introduce you around the law school and upgrade her own standing in the 
community.
Linda Hayman
Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom, LLP
919 Third Avenue, 44th Floor
New York, NY  10022
Direct:  212-735-2637
Fax:  212-451-7364
E-Mail:  lhayman@Skadden.com
Marcus:
I tried unsuccessfully to reach you by telephone - the number I was give for 
you appears to be at some other company entirely.  Please feel free to call 
me once you get this note to discuss further.
The OMLX issue related to having the terminal of a non-US futures exchange in 
the US.  There is a related but different issue you can discuss with Paul 
Simons that came up in connection with the ZUMA 2000 trading system in 
London.  On that system, we would have been able to trade financial contracts 
electronically.  The problem was that our counterparties were also US 
entities and, in some instances, trading from the US.  I believe that the 
advice we received from Cadwalader was that if our counterparties were all 
outside the US we would have been able to trade on ZUMA 2000.   Of course, 
all of this relates to derivatives trading.  If the system you have in mind 
will be for the physical commodities, we should include Jeff Hodge in the 
discussion.
I have no objection to you contacting David Mitchell directly.  I am copying 
Paul on this note since it makes sense to coordinate with him since he has 
already dealt with similar issues.
Marcus Von Bock Und Polach
03/30/99 10:18 AM
Mark, in the course of our effort to establish internet-based click-and trade 
business for a number of commodities (mainly gas, power) in the main markets 
of Europe (and with respect to pulp&paper also possibly the US), I think, it 
is necessary to evaluate the CFTC issues. I understand that Cadwalader has 
given some advice earlier this year re. OMLX and think it may be best to 
contact them. Who do you think, I should contact (I understand, the person we 
earlier dealt with was a David Mitchell) and how do you want to play this 
contact. Greetings, Marcus.
This is your last chance to spend Easter with us in this millennium.  Amanda 
and I will be in DC on Saturday and then we are going to the Inn at Little 
Washington outside of DC for Sunday dinner.  Why don't you two Texans charter 
a jet and come on in?  It will make a splash with the locals.  Amanda can 
introduce you around the law school and upgrade her own standing in the 
community.
Linda Hayman
Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom, LLP
919 Third Avenue, 44th Floor
New York, NY  10022
Direct:  212-735-2637
Fax:  212-451-7364
E-Mail:  lhayman@Skadden.com
Oops.  Mine didn't go either.  I've now forwarded your message.  Here's Yao's 
new address:
Yao Apasu/ENRON_DEVELOPMENT@_DEVELOPMENT
User  not listed in public Name & Address Book
yapasu@notes.ect.enron.com
--0__=deNZNjEbtFLlJVrzjvuFyQWpkHwz88KniNdVz5bGSE0rc5VPvlf6uqSp
The Inn at Little Washington sounds great but I'm afraid I won't be able to 
make
it this time.  However, as the geekiest among I consider it my duty to point 
out
that since the millennium doesn't actually end until December 31, 2000, we do
have next year!
This is your last chance to spend Easter with us in this millennium.  Amanda 
and
I will be in DC on Saturday and then we are going to the Inn at Little
Washington outside of DC for Sunday dinner.  Why don't you two Texans charter 
a
jet and come on in?  It will make a splash with the locals.  Amanda can
introduce you around the law school and upgrade her own standing in the
community.
Linda Hayman
Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom, LLP
919 Third Avenue, 44th Floor
New York, NY  10022
Direct:  212-735-2637
Fax:  212-451-7364
E-Mail:  lhayman@Skadden.com
--0__=deNZNjEbtFLlJVrzjvuFyQWpkHwz88KniNdVz5bGSE0rc5VPvlf6uqSp
name="pic01115.pcx"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--0__=deNZNjEbtFLlJVrzjvuFyQWpkHwz88KniNdVz5bGSE0rc5VPvlf6uqSp--
Looks good to me.  There is an airport in Burbank.  All the major airlines go 
there as well as Southwest.
Sara Shackleton
04/01/99 09:02 AM
The west desk has asked Christian and I to present a one-hour talk at a 
seminar to discuss physical and financial contracts for power transactions I want to clear this with you for May 19.  I have no earthly idea how to get 
to Burbank. By plane?  SS
Attention Potential Speakers:
Attached is a draft of the agenda for our Burbank customer meeting May 19 We are assuming you are committed to speaking, but let us know if you cannot 
make it; we still have time to modify the agenda.  Please review  your 
presentation summary, and give comments to Lisa Mackey by April 5th.  Feel 
free to take And, call us if you have any questions or comments.
Thanks
Chris
Done
Legal Temp 3
03/31/99 05:01 PM
In order for me to have access to your calendars, it will be necessary for  
each of you to revise your Calendar Profile to include me as a user.  My 
Lotus Notes ID is Legal Temp 3/Hou/ECT@ECT (in the EC
The alternatives are a net worth of US$1,000,000 or that all trades be 
guaranteed by an entity that meets the financial requirements.
Paul Simons
11/20/98 03:50 AM
Just a line to confirm that the capital requirements for the new trading 
company under CFTC rules will be the same as those applicable to ECTRIC- i.e. 
it must have total assets in excess of US$10,000,000.
Kind  
Paul
Is this for you?
Inga Kozerska
04/02/99 12:58 PM
Mark:
One issue to keep in mind regarding membership in this exchange:  if there is 
no clearing house and the exchange is the counterparty to all transactions, 
who bears the liability when a third party defaults?  We certainly need to 
know if it is the exchange membership.  If not, how is the liability limited 
and on whose credit would we be relying if we trade?
Mark
Mark Elliott
04/06/99 06:02 AM
Just to let you know that last Thursday, we submitted, in the name of Enron 
Capital & Trade Resources Limited, an application at very short notice to 
become one of the first members of the Amsterdam Power Exchange.
The Exchange still has many outstanding issues to resolve re its mode of 
operation and I shall keep you informed of progress.  The Exchange is due to 
go live, however, at the beginning of May 1999 but our feeling is that there 
are so many substantial issues remaining to be resolved that either it shall 
not hit this deadline or, if it does, it will be in a very chaotic state However please note that initially it is proposed that the Exchange is simply 
for day-ahead physical power deals; the Exchange is the counterparty to 
transactions and there is no separate clearing house.
It is proposed that at some future stage a financial futures' market will 
develop when our SFA-regulated entity will then have to become an Exchange 
member - but this is some way off. 
Kind  
Mark 
Justin:
The mention of Statoil made me think of Norway.  Alliance doesn't sound like 
a Norwegian entity so it's probably not an issue here, but do you think we 
should discourage large volume and long term multiple trades with Norwegian 
entities given our continuing uncertainty over netting there?
Mark
Justin Boyd
04/08/99 09:27 AM
We are discussing with Alliance Gas Limited (Statoil is their parent) a 
potential long-term, large volume gas swaption. Brief details are :
Enron as option seller
Option exercise period: present to December 1999
Term: 5-6 years, starting 2001
Notional monthly volumes: 18,000,000 therms
In the meantime, we have been negotiating a fully-termed ISDA Master, 
including Credit Support Annex, and seem to be close to finalising this.  As 
to the swaption deal itself, we await their Board's response.
Marcus 
Here is the note I sent on 3/31.  David Mitchell is definitely the right guy.
Mark
Marcus:
I tried unsuccessfully to reach you by telephone - the number I was give for 
you appears to be at some other company entirely.  Please feel free to call 
me once you get this note to discuss further.
The OMLX issue related to having the terminal of a non-US futures exchange in 
the US.  There is a related but different issue you can discuss with Paul 
Simons that came up in connection with the ZUMA 2000 trading system in 
London.  On that system, we would have been able to trade financial contracts 
electronically.  The problem was that our counterparties were also US 
entities and, in some instances, trading from the US.  I believe that the 
advice we received from Cadwalader was that if our counterparties were all 
outside the US we would have been able to trade on ZUMA 2000.   Of course, 
all of this relates to derivatives trading.  If the system you have in mind 
will be for the physical commodities, we should include Jeff Hodge in the 
discussion.
I have no objection to you contacting David Mitchell directly.  I am copying 
Paul on this note since it makes sense to coordinate with him since he has 
already dealt with similar issues.
Marcus Von Bock Und Polach
03/30/99 10:18 AM
Mark, in the course of our effort to establish internet-based click-and trade 
business for a number of commodities (mainly gas, power) in the main markets 
of Europe (and with respect to pulp&paper also possibly the US), I think, it 
is necessary to evaluate the CFTC issues. I understand that Cadwalader has 
given some advice earlier this year re. OMLX and think it may be best to 
contact them. Who do you think, I should contact (I understand, the person we 
earlier dealt with was a David Mitchell) and how do you want to play this 
contact. Greetings, Marcus.
I have asked Russell to add you both to his distribution list.
Russell Diamond
04/12/99 10:02 AM
Attached is the updated Credit Watch listing.  If there are any personnel in 
your group that were not included in this distribution, please insure that 
they receive a copy of this report.
To add additional people to this distribution, or if this report has been 
sent to you in error, please contact Russell Diamond at x5-7095.
For other questions, please contact Bill Bradford at x3-3831, Brant Reves at 
x3-9897, Russell Diamond at 5-7095, or the Global Hotline at x3-1803.
Attached is a first draft of a statement of our policy concerning the 
termination of trading contracts on the bankruptcy of a counterparty.  Please 
give me the benefit of your comments and I will produce a further draft for 
Mark's review.
Buck:
Here's my list of things to do on the boat.  Let me know what you think we=20
should work on first.
On Deck:
Winch maintenance (someday I=01,d like to install a self tailing halyard winch)
Inspect rig, adjust tension
Some system needed to prevent jib sheets chafing on shrouds
Check jib sheet cars
Brightwork refinishing
Cockpit drains should be checked for adequate flow -
particularly those under the engine hatch
Spreader boot needs to be reinstalled on starboard spreader
Windex needs to be straightened/tightened
Electronics:
VHF - check
Depth Sounder - not reading consistently, odd read-out
Wind Speed indicator - not registering
Knot Meter - paddle wheel needs to be installed
Loran - operating properly?
Engine gauges - check ammeter, tach
Fresh Water System:
Galley faucet not working (and sink drains very slowly)
System should be disinfected
Broken hose under sink in head
Check leaks around ports, probably rebed ports
Interior teak oiled
Stereo:
Only working on one channel
Install CD player
Sorry for the delay in getting this back to you.  Give me a call and we can 
discuss in more detail.
Mark
P.S. - have you been watching the Horatio Hornblower movies on A&E?
Christian Yoder
04/13/99 04:30 PM
Mark,
I am heading into another CFTC related analysis and desparately need another 
quick primer.  I would be very greatful if you could edit the following 
conversation and send it back to me like you did last time.  I kept that copy 
and it has proven to be invaluable.
Know it All:  Yeah that CFTC stuff is pretty complicated.  You have to 
remember though that it is the option of settling financially that 
distinguishes the futures contract.  If you do a physical contract that has 
the option to settle financially it is an illegal futures contract if it 
isn't done on a regulated exchange  and it is just like giving the other guy 
a free option to termiate for illegality. So the risk in doing these things 
is that your counterparty can get out on the basis of illegality and 
secondly, you might find yourself suddenly regulated by the CFTC.  This risk 
is not to be confused with the other kind of risk which is where you write a 
mandatory financial transaction but wrap it up in physical clothing.  This is 
basically the risk of doing an unauthorized derivitive transaction and again, 
depending on the counterparty, you may have given a free option to terminate 
for lack of authorization. 
Tormented: Okay, okay, I think I've got that part, but what's all this option 
crap that people keep adding into the forumula?  They always say you can 
trade this and that and then they throw in the options.  Are options over the 
counter or under the counter or not on the counter or regulated or what?
Know it All:  Can't you remember this stuff.  I get tired of repeating it Certain kinds of All commodity options are regulated and certain kinds 
aren't. Can't you just get that once and for all?
Tormented:  No.  I've got optionality dislexia.  What kind of option is How 
are options regulated?  I see our traders doing options all the time and we 
just write them up in our confirmation letters.  There's no big deal about 
CFTC or regulation.  What's the problem?
Know it All:  Well its like this:  if it is an option to do a futures 
contract it has to be done on the Exchange.  Any other options are off 
exchange.  It's just that simple.  Off exchange commodity options can only be 
done if the offeree (that's the guy receiving the offer) is a commercial 
user, producer, processor or merchant handling the underlying commodity.
Tormented:  Hmmm.  I'll have to think about that.
Scott:
I have a call scheduled with Martin for tomorrow morning to discuss these 
CFTC  issues.  I'll let you know how it goes.
I have also not forgotten your request for my view on Martin's tenure in 
Houston.  I have mixed feelings that are difficult to put down in writing and 
I'm hoping we can take a few minutes in New Orleans to discuss.
Mark
Sorry about the previous message (re: bankruptcy legislation).  Please 
ignore.
Heather:
Here is an excerpt from a message in which Anita Fam replies to my inquiry:
Only 3 types of institutions have the capacity and authority to enter into 
derivatives transactions in the PRC.  They are:
a. banks;
b. non-bank financial institutions ("NBFI"); and
c. foreign invested enterprises ("FIE 
Banks and NBFIs require banking licences and may only enter into derivative 
transactions for hedging purposes.  FIEs comprise (i) wholly foreign owned 
enterprises ("WFOE"); and (ii) sino-foreign owned joint ventures ("SFJV") and 
include foreign banks, foreign finance companies and bank branches . There 
are no specific restrictions for WFOEs but SFJVs may only enter into 
derivative transactions for hedging purposes as well.    State-owned 
enterprises and collectively-owned enterprises  can therefore only transact 
through a duly authorised bank or NBFI.  So it looks as if China National Oil 
Company (Corp.?) and China State Power Corp. do not have the capacity nor the 
authority to enter into derivative transactions themselves in the PRC.
I have also found a copy of the results of some legal research we had done a 
year or two ago on these issues.  If you or Cynthia would like to see it I'd 
be happy to send a copy on.
I put a call in to Cadwalader this afternoon to see if they had someone 
following these bills in DC........great minds!
Carol St Clair
04/21/99 05:12 PM
Mark:
I spoke with Jeff about this today and will take a look at what they've 
done.  From what I have seen thus far, it looks as if they have attempted to 
deal with the setoff issue by revising the definitions of swap agreement, 
securities contract and  forward contract  and creating a new defintion 
called "masternetting agreement".  Is it worth having one of our outside 
firms look at these bills?
Carol
Martin:
Mark H. has asked me to participate in another conference call scheduled for 
9:00 a.m. Houston time tomorrow which will almost certainly last at least an 
hour and possibly more.  If you think 30 minutes will be enough, I wonder if 
we could reschedule our call for 8:30 (3:30 your time 
As discussed.
Carol St Clair
04/22/99 10:31 AM
Jeff:
I have reviewed the House and Senate versions of the proposed bankruptcy code 
amendments as they pertain to derivatives and discussed them with Mark Taylor 
this morning and here is our read on what they have done and the effect on 
Enron :
1) Both versions added a concept of "master netting agreement" as a new 
definition and as an add-on to the definitions of forward contract, swap 
agreement, repo agreement  and securities contract..  This definition, I 
believe, describes agreements like the ISDA Master  Agreement.
2) Both versions amend Section 362(b) (the exceptions to the automatic stay) 
to provide for a concept that permits setoffs with respect to amounts due and 
claims under one or more master netting agreements or any contract or 
agreement that is subject to such master netting agreements.  Mark and I 
think that through this provsion, cross-product netting would be permitted to 
the extent our physical and financial contracts separately or collectively 
come under a master netting agreement.  We wanted to confirm that that was 
the intent of this language since it is not entirely clear from the drafted 
language how this would work if for example we had separate netting 
agreements for our physical and financial contracts.  In addition, as 
currently drafted, the only caveat to this setoff right is that these rights 
are derivative of the setoff rights that are permitted by Sections 362 (b) 6 
(forward contarcts), 7 (repos) and 17 (swaps) with respect to each individual 
contract.    This may still present some problems for us in that no 
amendments were made to Section 362 (b) 6 which permits setoffs with respect 
to forward contracts but only to the extent that our claim against the debtor 
is for a margin payment or a settlement payment .  We were hoping to see an 
amendment to this Section that  broadened this language to include any type 
of payment that would be due from the debtor under a forward contract  since 
we are still unclear as to what a "settlement" payment means.  If you look at 
Section 362 (b) 17 which deals with swaps, this language is much broader and 
it was our hope that the setoff language for forward contracts could track 
the setoff language for swaps.  Also, we were hoping that the setoff language 
for forward contarcts would apply to anyone taht was a party to a forward 
contract and not just "forward contract merchants" as currently drafted Again, the swap setoff language has a concept of "swap participant" that is 
much broader.
3) Finally, we like the fact that the definition of "swap agreement" was 
expanded, but are concerned with the new language and how it would apply to 
our newer products such as weather derivatives since in order to fit within 
the new definition, it must be something that is currently or in the future 
"regularly" entered into in the swap market.  There are some further 
revisions to that definition which I want to discuss with you as well.
In summary, while this language gives us some stronger argumants with respect 
to "cross-product" netting, we feel that it doesn't go far enough.  Mark has 
called Cadwalader to get their read on the draft language.  Call me when 
convenient so that we can discuss what the next step for us may be.
Carol
Thank you both for the very quick turn-around.   Yes, I agree and hope that 
OM will consent to the proposed changes.
Mark T.
Mark Elliott
04/23/99 05:49 AM
Martin, many thanks for your swift comments on the documents.
You will see that I have passed on your comments to Mark Taylor and if Mark 
Agrees, I shall try to get inserted (1) an "whole agreement" clause plus (2) 
the arbitration method wehich you have suggested.  May be Mark could just let 
me know on this score if he agrees.
Kind  
Mark
Martin Rosell
04/23/99 11:10 AM
With reference to your fax of 21 April, 1999 as to the enforceability of 
certain agreements under Swedish law, please receive the following comments:
The relevant agreements are actionable in accordance with their respective 
terms.  Please note, however, that the availibilty in Swedish courts of 
equitable remedies such as injuction and specific performance is restricted 
under Swedish law.  The general remedy in the case of breach of contract is 
damages.
Generally speaking, a Swedish judge would not be inclined to consider matters 
of fairness or reasonability in respect of a Swedish law contract between 
commercial parties such as ECT and OM.  In the case of ambiguity, the court 
would try to establish the intention of the parties using different means of 
contract construction.  If ECT wishes to ascertain strict reliance on the 
contract terms and framework, any court discretion could be limited further 
by way of imposing an 'entire contract clause 
Om's disclaimers for liability are fairly aggressive, but I assume that this 
is not uncommon in these type supply & services agreements.  I cannot judge 
to what extent ECT risks incurring any liability towards OM.
The relevant Arbitration Act should be referred to as "(1929:145)".  More 
importantly, this Act  (enacted in 1929) is expected to be replaced by new 
legislation for ad hoc arbitration.  I believe that a bill for the purpose 
has been released by the Government.  I'm not yet acquainted with the 
contents of the bill, but even if I dare say that the new arbitration 
provisions are likely to be moderns and OK you may wish, rather sailing into 
unknown waters, to propose to OM arbitration in accordance with the Rules of 
the Arbitration Institute of the Stockholm Chamber of Commerce.  I have no 
personal experience of this institute but ECT has done some due diligence on 
it (please see Vinge's response to the attached questionnaire), we refer to 
it in our physical Swedish contracts and it has a solid reputation in the 
world of international arbitration.  Below follows its own recommended 
arbitration clause: 
"Any dispute, controversy or claim arising out of or in connection with [this 
contract], or the breach, termination or invalidity thereof, shall be settled 
by arbitration in accordance with the Rules of Arbitration Institute of the 
Stockholm Chamber of Commerce.
The arbitral tribunal shall be composed of arbitrators/a sole arbitrator.
The place of the arbitration shall be 
The language(s) to be used in the arbitral proceedings shall be 
If this is the preferred solution, this clause should be reflected in all 
agreements (and I doubt that OM would reject to it).
Please check the address details of OM Gruppen AB (I believe the details may 
have changed to 'Norrlandsgatan 31
105 78 Stockholm 
Martin
It worked!  Looking forwad to seeing you later this week.
Mark
Becky - I will be out of town on Thurs.  I may be able to participate from NY 
but my schedule is still up in the air.
Mark
Out next South American Legal Team meeting will be held
Thursday, April 29th
2:30 p.m. - 3:30 p.m.
EB38c1
Please let me know if you are unable to attend.  Thank you!
It has worked fine for me so far.  I would prefer to continue to receive them 
by e-mail rather than have to go to the Intranet to get them.
Mark T.
Deb Korkmas
04/27/99 11:14 AM
As of this year, the O&M Expense Reports have been delivered to each RC owner 
via email from Brian Heinrich in the Reporting Dept. as a test to see if we 
like receiving these reports electronically.  Please let me know whether or 
not this has been a satisfactory method of delivery for the O&M Expense 
reports.  Also, accounting is in the process of developing a system to enable 
them to load the reports on the Intranet and we will then be given passwords 
etc., so we can view and print our O&M Expense reports on a monthly basis If you have any questions or comments, please give me a call at ext. 35448 Thanks, Deb
Larry:
I'm not sure if you are the keeper of the Contact List, but since I received 
it from you I thought I should point out a couple of errors in the info. 
relative to me:
my fax number is 713-646-3490
my email address is mtaylo1@ect.enron.com
Thanks
Mark
Lawrence Lawyer
05/03/99 01:17 PM
Attached please find a copy of the contact list.
,
-Larry-
Looks good to me.
Mark
Marie Heard on 05/03/99 09:14:05 AM
Mark,
I would like to schedule Monday, May 24 through Friday, May 28 as vacation Please let me know if there is a problem.
Thanks!
Marie
Taffy - would you please add these meetings to my calendar.
Thanks
Mark
We have scheduled the Monthly Audit Meetings through year-end for the last 
Wednesday of each month, from 9 am -10 am, in EB 32C1.  I have outlined the 
dates below.  Please mark your calendars.
May 26
June 30
July 28
August 25
September 29
October 27
November 24
December 29
Thanks.
Congratulations and well done to you and all the others who have worked on 
getting this agreement in place!  I know this was a long and difficult battle.
Mark
Marie Heard on 11/24/98 10:13:07 AM
Shari Stack and I are proud to announce that we have finally received the 
executed ISDA Master Agreement (Multicurrency-Cross Border) dated as of 
September 2, 1997 between ECT and Coral Energy, L.P.   Copies will be 
distributed.
Hey Jeff:
I just saw your email address on the Monmouth web site.  I didn't realized 
you were at Mayer Brown.  I don't even know if we've talked since I left New 
C., F. & S.,
Mark
Larry Joe Hunter
05/05/99 09:29 AM
Mark,
Below are the Futures Contracts that we currently trade in:
Interest Rate Group:
U.S. Treasury Bonds
U.S. Treasury Notes (10 yr)
U.S. Treasury Notes (5 yr)
NASDAQ 100
S&P 500 
Russell 2000
German BUND 3mo
Eurodollars
Eurolira 3 mo
90 day sterling Libor
Canadian Banker's Acceptance Trades
LIBOR 1 month
EURO 3 mo
Gilts
U.S. Treasury Notes (2 yr) - - not actively traded by ECT
Fed Funds  - - not actively traded by ECT
Canadian Dollars  - - not actively traded by ECT
British Pound          - - not actively traded by ECT
Euro Swiss Franc  - - not actively traded by ECT
Canadian Govt Bonds - -  not actively traded by ECT
Liquids Group:
Propane
Crude Oil
Heating Oil
Unleaded Gas
Brent Crude Oil
Electricity:
Cinergy
Entergy
Palo Verde
COB
PJM
Minn Ex. Twin Cities
Others:
Natural Gas (NYMEX)
Kansas City Natural Gas
Paper Futures (NBSK)
Let me know if you need further information.
Thanks,
Joe Hunter
Dorice,
I was not expecting a letter from Crawford Bayley but I have dealt with them 
in the past so I suppose it is possible that the letter is intended for me I have no objection to your opening the letter to determine its contents You might wan t to wait a few days for the other Mark Taylor's reaction.
Mark
Dorice Cheong
05/05/99 06:04 AM
Dear Mark,
I received a registered letter yesterday addressed to you at our Singapore 
office. It is from Crawford Bayley & Co. Solicitors & Advocates in Mumbai, 
India. Are you expecting a letter from them by any chance?
Actually yesterday I called another Mark Taylor in London and left a message 
on his voicemail but till now, I haven't got a reply. From what I understand, 
there are  2 Mark Taylors in Enron, so I'm not sure which one this letter 
belongs to.
Kindly advise if you are the one and if you want it forwarded to you by 
courier or mail. Pls provide your RC a/c as well.
Thank you,
Dorice.
Dorice,
Please fax the bill to me at 713-646-3490 and just put the original in the 
regular interoffice mail.
My RC is 1157
Thanks for your help 
Mark
Dorice Cheong
05/06/99 05:41 AM
Dear Mark,
Just received confirmation that the other Mark Taylor from London has left 
Enron. Hence the letter must be for you. As per your instruction, I opened 
the said letter and found that it's a bill from them - Crawford Bayley & Co asking for payment (re: derivative).
Kindly advise if you want me to fax the letter to you or if you prefer it to 
be mailed / couriered over. Appreciate if you could furnish me with your fax 
and RC numbers as well.
Thanks,
Dorice.
Hey Marc - I was in New Orleans last week, NYC & DC the week before.  Now 
back home & ready to relax a bit.  Hope you guys came through the storm ok 
this morning.  Our cars are stuck in the garage because the alley is filled 
with downed tree branches.  I'm not even sure who to call to get it cleared 
out.  Ted got a ride from a friend and I took a cab.  Let's get together soon!
Mark
No trouble in N.O.  I was there for a conference with all 300 Enron lawyers paralegals from all around the world - it didn't seem prudent to go looking 
for trouble with all those Company folks wandering around the Quarter!  I 
just came on home Friday evening & went to bed.
T. said you looked like you were having fun Friday night but didn't stay out 
late enough to find out how much fun 
FYI
Alan B Aronowitz
05/10/99 11:16 AM
fyi.
Alan, this e-mail confirms our discussion earlier today in which you
gave clearance to Sutherland Asbill & Brennan to represent another
existing firm client, Procter & Gamble (*P&G*), with respect to a put
swaption for Northern Bleached Softwood Kraft that Procter & Gamble
Please let me know whether you have any other questions regarding this
matter.  We appreciate ECT*s willingness to accommodate Sutherland in
this matter, and continue to value our relationship with Enron. 
FYI
Alan B Aronowitz
05/10/99 11:16 AM
fyi.
Alan, this e-mail confirms our discussion earlier today in which you
gave clearance to Sutherland Asbill & Brennan to represent another
existing firm client, Procter & Gamble (*P&G*), with respect to a put
swaption for Northern Bleached Softwood Kraft that Procter & Gamble
Please let me know whether you have any other questions regarding this
matter.  We appreciate ECT*s willingness to accommodate Sutherland in
this matter, and continue to value our relationship with Enron. 
Torrey:
I am the lawyer in ECT legal responsible for our relationship with the NYMEX 
and monitoring our compliance with NYMEX position limits.  Phillipe Travis 
tells me you may be able to help him in preparing the reports of our 
positions with the option delta factored in.  Thanks very much for your 
assistance.
Mark
Wow - that is one nasty looking storm out there - I wish I'd gotten in early 
enough to get a covered parking spot.  Oh well, may sufficient hail storm 
damage will get me a new car!
How would you like to deal with the Astros ticets?  I have a couple of 
meetings scheduled but am pretty flexible today - maybe lunch time or when 
you're ready to leave for the day?  Just let me know.  Call if you want 713-853-7459.
Mark
I know you are getting the legal bills paid through Don's budget for work 
done in Argentina.  Is it possible to handle the bills for work done in 
Brazil the same way?  I have a bill from Tozzini that we need to pay.  Since 
it is all in connection with South American trading it seems reasonable to 
treat it the same as the others but I'm not sure how you are handling these 
things.  Any thoughts?
Mark:
I am concerned about committing to the development of legal risk books using 
a VAR-like analysis since our attempts in this direction a couple of years 
ago failed (Bob Williams and I worked on that project).  Many of the risks 
that were identifiable did not lend themselves to the numeric analysis so 
near to the commercial guys' hearts and the numbers we came up with were 
close to meaningless.
If you want a technical example of a legal risk in our financial trading 
contracts, you could use either (i) the statute of frauds (deals of more than 
one year in length may be unenforceable if the confirm isn't signed) or (ii) 
the widespread use of multiple "Omnibus" short-form contracts for trades 
before a master agreement is executed (resulting in many transactions where 
netting in bankruptcy has not been tested in court).  Item (i) could be fixed 
with legislation (as it has in New York).  Item (ii) could be reduced if the 
traders/dealmakers were willing to put pressure on their customers to sign 
master agreements.
I like the idea of emphasizing the need for buy-in from the commercial side 
in the contract negotiation/formation process.  That buy-in needs to be at 
all levels and it will only happen with the line folks if they get it from 
the top.
Mark T.
I will probably go straight to the game from here so won't leave til 6:30 or 
7:00.  Why don't you give me a call this afternoon - say around 3:00 or 3:30 
& we can get together.
713-853-7459
Looks good to me.  Taffy, please add this to the calendar.
Carol St Clair
05/12/99 01:13 PM
I would like to take Friday, June 4th as a vacation day.  Please let me know 
if this would be problematic.
Carol
Tom:
I saw this on the Internet today:
ARBINET COMMUNICATIONS INTRODUCES ON-LINE
TRADING OF BANDWIDTH DERIVATIVES BUSINESS
EDITORS/TECHNOLOGY WRITERS SAN
DIEGO--(BUSINESS WIRE)--MAY 11, 1999--ARBINET
COMMUNICATIONS, INC., THE WORLD'S 
[Business Wire ? Rcvd: May 11, 08:08 AM EDT 
BW0167 MAY 11,1999 5:09 PACIFIC 8:09 EASTERN 
( BW)(CA-ARBINET-COMMUNICATIONS) Arbinet Communications Introduces On-Line 
Trading of Bandwidth
Derivatives 
Business Editors/Technology Writers 
SAN DIEGO--(BUSINESS WIRE)--May 11, 1999--Arbinet Communications, Inc., the 
world's leading trading network for
telecommunications capacity, will inaugurate Internet trading of forwards and 
options in telecommunications bandwidth later this
month. 
Trading in the bandwidth derivatives is being facilitated through Arbinet's 
access-controlled website where buyers and sellers
can post prices anonymously. Execution occurs offline, subject to a screening 
process for credit, documentation and
interoperability issues. The announcement was made at the TRA Conference, 
Booth No. 1004. 
As a second phase of the project, Arbinet is developing a physically settled 
derivative product that will allow anonymous
web-based execution, culminating in delivery to Arbinet switching hubs. 
Implementation of this product is an extension of
Arbinet's physically settled minutes trading system, the Arbinet Global 
Clearing Network(TM) (AGCN(TM 
Forward and option derivative trading in bandwidth provides distinct 
advantages for clients who wish to hedge their exposure
to future moves in the price of capacity. Furthermore, it provides a level 
playing field where even small operators can realize the
pricing advantages which were, until recently, available only to large 
incumbent telecommunications carriers. Buyers and sellers
can manage risk allowing them to better plan for the future. 
Sellers of the forward contract can be natural suppliers of capacity such as 
submarine cable operators. Buyers can be natural
consumers (e.g. Internet Service Providers and Competitive Local Exchange 
Carriers) or speculators. 
"Arbinet aims to be the premier provider of risk-management solutions for the 
bandwidth market," said U. Kanad Chakrabarti,
vice president of Bandwidth Trading, Arbinet. "As a non-proprietary player, 
we can offer impartial execution for our clients,
which is important in a non-transparent and illiquid market like this 
All bandwidth contracts will be posted on Arbinet's bandwidth trading site, 
www.ebandwidth.net, beginning May 21, 1999.
The forward contract allows buyers and sellers to reserve transmission 
capacity. The option contract allows buyers and sellers
to realize the optionality value present in the bandwidth market, but 
currently not fully priced by telecommunications players. 
"We provide customers with a service not offered by any other on-line trading 
company," said Alex Mashinsky, chairman and
founder, Arbinet. "Of key importance, we don't trade for ourselves, which 
gives us complete objectivity in trade execution. 
"This new service is a natural outgrowth of our experience in trading telecom 
minutes on behalf of international and multinational
telecommunications carriers 
For more information, contact U. Kanad Chakrabarti at (212) 230-1200 or via 
e-mail at kchakrabarti@arbinet.com. 
Arbinet (www.arbinet.com) is the world's leading Internet trading exchange 
and switch-based clearing network for global
telecommunications capacity. Arbinet routed over 174 million minutes for 
international carriers in 1998, which it estimates
represented over 80% of all exchange-traded minutes traffic for that year. 
The Arbinet Global Clearing Network is presently
clearing and settling minutes for all types of communications companies 
including Internet Telephony Service Providers and
major carriers. Founded in 1994, the company has 52 employees and is 
headquartered in New York with offices in Tokyo,
Sao Paulo, and Hong Kong. AGCN was recently awarded Internet Telephony 
magazine's prestigious Editor's Choice Award
for 1999. 
Arbinet Global Clearing Network and AGCN are trademarks of Arbinet 
Communications, Inc. 
This press release is available on the KCSA Worldwide website at www.kcsa.com 
--30--jb/ny*
CONTACT:  KCSA Public Relations Worldwide, New York
David Riley, 212/896-1245
E-mail: driley@kcsa.com
or
Chris Milligan, 212/896-1224
E-mail: cmilligan@kcsa.com
or
Henry Feintuch, 212/896-1212
E-mail: hfeintuch@kcsa.com
KEYWORD:  NEW YORK CALIFORNIA
INDUSTRY KEYWORD: INTERACTIVE/MULTIMEDIA/INTERNET
COMPUTERS/ELECTRONICS COMED TELECOMMUNICATIONS RETAIL PRODUCT 
Today's News On The Net - Business Wire's full file on the Internet 
with Hyperlinks to your home page. 
URL 
Sorry for the delay.  Here is a revised version of the certificate.  My 
proposed changes should show up marked when you open it.  Let me know if you 
have any questions.
Mark
Suzanne:
Please send an e-mail to all of the lawyers and paralegals in the ECT Legal 
Dept. asking them to reserve the conference dates and asking them to let you 
know their t-shirt sizes.   Once you have everyone's t-shirt sizes, please 
give the list to Dan.
Thanks,
Mark
I think we are doing Hawaiian shirts - we just don't want everyone to know 
yet.  Yes - please include all the offices - also include Singapore & Buenos 
Aires.  Tana will let you know which people in the London office will be 
coming.
Suzanne Adams
05/12/99 05:28 PM
I thought we were doing hawaiian shirts.  I'll get an email done tomorrow You want everyone right, Canada, London, etc 
Suzanne:
Please send an e-mail to all of the lawyers and paralegals in the ECT Legal 
Dept. asking them to reserve the conference dates and asking them to let you 
know their t-shirt sizes.   Once you have everyone's t-shirt sizes, please 
give the list to Dan.
Thanks,
Mark
Mark -
I think you are right - this is no doubt the best we can do.  Let's go ahead 
and take care of execution.
Thanks very much for all your help.
Mark
Let me add my thanks for your willingness to sign these things for us.  The 
guys in London never think about lining up a signatory in Houston ahead of 
time who might actually know something about what they're signing and why 
they're signing it.
Any chance you'll be in NY Monday night?  I'm taking a few people to dinner you might enjoy it.
Mark 
Mark Evans
05/13/99 04:35 AM
We received all outstanding documentation overnight from Houston. The Enron 
amendments to the financing will become effective today. This then clears the 
way for the banks to syndicate which will happen on Monday morning at a 
signing at A&O.
It only remains for ETOL (David or Treasa) to sign the syndication agreement 
which will be couriered here today for that purpose.
This will mean there will be nothing outstanding for any Enron entity to sign 
on Monday. It may however be politic to have an Enron presence at the signing 
on Monday to meet the banks. I will leave Gonzalo to coordinate that with Nat 
West. 
Thank you to everyone in Houston who scuttled around getting documents signed 
for us. Your efforts are appreciated.
Mark
What documents do we use for these deals?  Is it the German translation of 
our Industrial Master?
We are looking at a new Rheinschiene (Gas Oil + Fuel Oil) Swap with BEB, a 
German gas company. The key details are:
BEB are jointly owned by Esso & Shell
Plain vanilla swap
Enron pays floating
Term of 1 -3 years
Value between DEM 250,000 - DEM 10,000,000
I will keep you posted of new developments.
Justin
Scott:
It's great to see a senior commercial person take an interest in our issues Any chance this can be videotaped so we can see it here?
Mark T.
I found this on our intranet site:
Mark Elliott
05/13/99 11:53 AM
Mark,
See below e-mail from Susan Gill to which are attached the IT Agreements for 
execution.
You will see that I have copied this e-mail to Susan Gill for her information.
Kind  
Mark 
As agreed here are the agreements for execution. Please return 2 signed copies
of each to me. In order that the line is installed tomorrow, please arrange 
for
the signature page of the OMnet agreement to be faxed to me tomorrow on 0171 
815
8508.
Many thanks
Click
(See attached file: Click NT Member .doc)(See attached file: fees click
member.doc)
OMnet
(See attached file: OMnet Agreement.doc)(See attached file: Fees omnet
Member.doc)
Side Agreement
(See attached file: Side Agreement.doc)
- Click NT Member .doc
- fees click member.doc
- OMnet Agreement.doc
- Fees omnet Member.doc
- Side Agreement.doc
Just a note to let you know I will have to miss our meeting on Tuesday - I 
will not be back from New York until around noon.
Any chance you can think abot this a bit for our Monday meeting?
Paul Goddard
05/12/99 02:10 PM
Mark - the following issues pertain to the Enron Online Internet trading 
project, of which I am now a part.   In addition to having me forward this 
quick initial list of issues to Clifford Chance to look at from the European 
perspective,  Louise Kitchen suggested that Sullivan & Cromwell may also want 
to look at these issues from the US perspective for next Monday when she will 
be in New York.  Could you please advise ? Going forward, if there are other 
US legal issues facing the project, which clearly there will be, would you 
like me to co-ordinate them through you first, as with this request?    Thank 
you for your help.
Paul Goddard
+44 171 970 7047
Paul Goddard
12/05/99 18:58
As Louise mentioned briefly in today's meeting, we need to obtain a view on 
the legal implications of  "linking" web pages and the news and information 
they contain.  Some specific issues we will need a perspective on include:
1) Legal issues associated with providing hypertext links to:
-  3rd party websites (avoiding unauthorized links such as in the Shetland 
Times case in the UK). These sites may include other
interesting energy sites
-  links to news items (external URL sites), etc.. Is mutual consent enough? 
What are the liability issues? 
2) The flipside: Potentially allowing linking of our Enron Online site onto 
websites of third parties, (e.g. in the form of click of simple hyperlinks or 
through  "banner ads" which would take users from the external site,  such as 
an FT.com, and bring them to our site as a marketing tool 
*3) Issue of Publishing/Re-distributing/Re-purposing news or other business 
information from other sources
(e.g. E-Trade shows Reuters news - what sort of legal agreement are they 
likely to have in place on a global basis?)
(e.g. Coral Energy - have an up-to-the-minute energy news presence with 
external news agency 
Most of the above relates to our plans for a "News Viewer" and "Links Page" 
which would encompass both :
i) publishing Enron commodity-related news to external (and internal) users.
ii) displaying/re-distributing commodity news provided by an external agency 
(e.g. Reuters, etc.) to external and internal users.
will likely be viewable globally 
4)  As discussed today, providing multiple hypertext links to GTCs Although it would be far more preferable to automatically personalize the 
site such that only legal information relevant to that customer is seen, as a 
fall back option, would there be any issues showing the multiple links (i.e. 
would users know which GTCs applied to them if bombarded with various 
options).
FYI
Monica Jordan
05/18/99 02:57 PM
Our first summer law clerk will begin his clerkship here tomorrow Wednesday, 
May 19, 1999.  His name is Bill Neely and he is a law student at the 
University of Houston.   Bill will be located at EB 3885.  Please notify the 
attorneys in your group that he is available to accept assignments.
Thanks.
Monica
Janice:
Sorry for the delay in getting back to you - Elizabeth is now working in the 
power trading area and Sara has been out of town.
I agree with you that the letter seems harmless enough and I wouldn't blame 
the commercial folks for being upset if it looks like GS is trying to do and 
end-around on the process.  Yes - let's send it and get an opportunity to 
participate in offering the products.
Mark
Janice Moore
05/19/99 05:02 PM
I've been asked by the EI team whether they can send this letter (all the way 
at the bottom of these notes) to the client this week.  In order to get this 
out by Friday morning in Guam, it has to be done on Thursday close of 
business Houston time.   Is there any chance that we could accomplish this Please advise.
Janice Moore
18.05.99 12:14
A year ago, we looked at a proposal from Guam asking for help w/ price risk 
management on their fuel oil purchases.  We concluded then that Guam was 
really looking for an advisor, so we declined to participate in their 
tender.  Goldman, Sachs apparently won that bid.  Now, however, it looks like 
they're interested in the products we have to offer, so the EI people would 
like to send the attached letter (all the way at the bottom of these notes) 
to be sure Enron is invited to the table.  The draft letter seems harmless 
enough, but I thought that the person in your group who will be supporting 
this effort might like to review it before it's sent.  The letter is set up 
for Kevin Beasley's signature, but the ECT organization has changed since 
then, so I can look into who that would be at this point.
I would appreciate it if you could copy me on your responses to the EI folks, 
so I can keep up w/ them. Thanks for your help.
Manuel,
I have forwarded this to Janice since it involves ECT.  She will review and 
talk to trading.  Let's hold off until she responds.
David
Team:
Please review and finalize the attached draft to GEDA.  I spoke with Lisa 
Taitano of GEDA today and she indicated that GEDA or GPA may bid out a 
financial risk management contract around next month.  However, Goldman 
Sachs, who is currently the risk manager, also appears to be manipulating the 
process such that it would transition from a risk manager to the provider of 
the financial products--which would explain the third paragraph in the 
attached draft.
Goldman Sachs is saying that they would forfeit the fees associated
with their role as a risk manager in exchange for negotiating the financial 
risk management contract.
,
Manuel
- geda1.doc
Any seats left for the sushi demo?  If so, I'd like to attend.
Looks good to me.
Carol St Clair
05/17/99 09:10 AM
Mark:
I would like to take the following days for vacation so long as it does not 
conflict with anyone else's plans:
Wednesday July 21 through Sunday, August 1.
Carol
Hey Buck -
How've you been?  I assume business has been good since I haven't heard from 
you lately.  Don't forget to send me a bill  for the work you did on the boat 
last month 
Mark
Thanks Justin - I was planning to come over some time shortly after the first 
of the year.   A month or two ago Mark H. mentioned that there might be an 
ISDA meeting in January that he wants me to attend so I'll probably try to 
schedule something around then.  I believe that's around the 28th.  Let's try 
to set up dinner again!
Hi Mark,
The document we use is an adaption of the Enron Master Swap Contract, but 
tailored for a single one-off swap deal.
When are you over next?
shortly!
Justin
What documents do we use for these deals?  Is it the German translation of 
our Industrial Master?
We are looking at a new Rheinschiene (Gas Oil + Fuel Oil) Swap with BEB, a 
German gas company. The key details are:
BEB are jointly owned by Esso & Shell
Plain vanilla swap
Enron pays floating
Term of 1 -3 years
Value between DEM 250,000 - DEM 10,000,000
I will keep you posted of new developments.
Justin
Ken:
I thought you might be interested in the attachment.
Mark
Elizabeth Sager
05/20/99 04:52 PM
Please respond to "Wholesale Electric Contract Standardization Group" 
Please be advised that the meeting in June for the entire Standard Contract 
Group is now confirmed to take place on Tuesday, June 8th, from 9:30 a.m 3:30 a.m. in EEI's offices at 701 Pennsylvania Avenue, N.W., Washington, D.C. 
20004.  A revised contract and agenda will be forthcoming.
If you plan to attend this meeting, please inform Kathy Seaman at 
202/508-5757 or respond to this message by using your e-mail program's 
"ReplyTo" function.  If you have any questions or concerns, you can reach 
Kathy at 202/508-5757 or Andy Katz at 202/508-5616.
In the meantime, attached for the entire group is a Petition for Exemption 
filed with the CFTC on May 19 requesting that certain Electric Energy 
Contracts be exempted from CFTC jurisdiction under the Commodities Exchange 
Act (CEA).  The CEA contains an exemption for Energy Contracts for the 
purchase sale of oil and natural gas products which have certain 
characteristics.  The Petition asks that similarly situated Electric Energy 
Contracts be included in the exemption. For further information on the 
Petition, contact Michael S. Hindus, Cameron McKenna LLP, 415-954-8484, 
mhindus@cmckenna.com
- Petition_email version.doc
Those should be paid like his regular expenses.  Please let me know if 
someone raises an objection.
Mark,
Brent needs to pay his IOLTA Statement and Attorney Occupation Tax.  Could 
you let me know if these
charges are to be paid out of your budget?
-Becky
No problem.
Carol St Clair
05/21/99 12:00 PM
Mark:
I would like to bring my son to this program which lasts from 8-1 on Friday, 
June 25th.  Are you okay with this?
Carol
Yes, I think that's how it's supposed to be.
Mark-His regular expenses are coming out of EI's budget.  That ok with you?
Those should be paid like his regular expenses.  Please let me know if 
someone raises an objection.
Mark,
Brent needs to pay his IOLTA Statement and Attorney Occupation Tax.  Could 
you let me know if these
charges are to be paid out of your budget?
-Becky
I approved an access request for this that came through yesterday.
It appears Susan Bailey still can not get in and edit the master swap 
agreement database.  She now has the icon, but no edit priviliges.  Can you 
please get her access.  Much thanks!
FYI: One of our legal consultants has mentioned that another of his clients 
is setting up an internet derivatives trading system.  They are using an 
outfit called Intuitive Products International based in New York and London 
to assist with system design.  Tana Jones (x33399) will be setting up a demo 
by these folks with our legal department needs in mind - if you'd like to 
attend, we'd be happy to have you and ask them to expand their presentation 
to include internet trading.
I'm looking for an article that appeared on page 12 of the May 17 issue of 
Investment Dealers' Digest entitled "CFTC contacts Blackbird, which reignites 
debate Mark Taylor
413/1157
Does the proposed reorg now contemplate that a US entity will act as 
principal for financial transactions?
Paul Simons
05/25/99 05:07 AM
The FSA (Financial Services Authority) recently published for the first time 
details of the exemptions from regulation which will be available under the 
legislation replacing the current Financial Services Act 1986 (the "Act 
As you know, ECTRIC is currently an unregulated booking company for our 
European financial trading business. As such, ECTRIC is not required to 
maintain what would otherwise be significant regulatory capital and is not 
subject to conduct of business rules. ECTRIC's status as an unregulated 
entity rests on exemptions which available under the Act. It is clearly 
important that equivalent exemptions are available to ECTRIC (and to the new 
US booking entity under the proposed reorg) under the replacement 
legislation.
From an initial view, the existing exemptions we rely upon will be available 
under the new regime.  However, the "devil's in the detail" and so I am 
working through the exemptions in detail with Slaughter and May.
Please give me a call on x6566 if you would like to discuss this area.
Paul
Christian,
I'm afraid you may have your centuries confused relative to Nelson and the 
Armada.  The "Spanish Armada" of fame was a fleet dispatched by Philip II of 
Spain to invade England in the late 16th century - it was during Elizabeth 
I's reign and I have some vague recollection that Mary, Queen of Scots had 
something to do with encouraging Philip before she was executed.  The Armada 
was defeated in a series of battles (and by some very bad weather) around the 
English Channel.  Nelson didn't sail til the 18th century.  Of course, the 
English and the Spanish had been going at it off and on the entire time and 
you'd have to say "on" in the early 1800's  when Nelson "broke the enemy 
line" at the battle of Trafalgar.  I believe that was during a time when the 
Spanish were allies of Napoleon - whether by choice or under duress I 
couldn't say - and the enemy fleet was a combined French/Spanish fleet.  The 
battle is named after Cape Trafalgar in southern Spain.  I'm pretty sure it's 
somewhere between Cadiz and Gibraltar so your gut feeling is right - I don't 
see it on the map either & wonder if it has a different name in Spanish Will you be going to that part of Spain[Andalusia?]?  The English victory has 
in common with the Armada battle of a bit over 200 years earlier that it 
ended any hopes held by the enemy of imminent invasion of Britain.
As far as the policy question goes, you are remembering what I always 
referred to as the "trading policy" but is officially referred to as the 
"Risk Management Policy."  It most definitely covers Portland trading 
operations.  I haven't been as involved in that policy for the last couple of 
years as I was back when MEH was chief control officer.  Ted Murphy now has 
responsibility for maintaining and enforcing the policy.  I don't have a 
current version but will ask Ted for one.
Mark
Christian Yoder
05/22/99 11:12 AM
Mark I haven't had a chance to plunge into the book you lent  me at the conference 
because I am flailing around wildly in  as much as I can about certain 
Spanish topics before early July, including such things as, of course Cervantes, a man whose mind I have come to love almost as much as 
Shakespeare's, the  Catalans,  the Spanish Civil War, the War of Spanish 
Succession, the Spanish Inquisition and of course the Spanish Aramada.  I 
have never read a definitive account of that great moment in English naval 
history.  Did Nelson fight in the Armada battle at Trafalgar? Is that the 
battle Jack Aubrey is always talking about?     Where the hell is Trafalgar I have the idea it is down there by Gibraltar but can't find it on the map On the other hand, I have a vague fantasy of these little row boats coming 
out at the mouth of the Thames to battle the mighty Armada.   When one 
considers  what the panic must have been like in the Spanish fleet when they 
realized that in spite of their size and assumed invincibility they were 
actually vulnerable to that old maritime risk of sinking, one is 
involuntarily  caused to cast one's badly  jaundiced commercial-legal  mind 
upon  recent events of an analagous nature on board our own beloved ship sailing as it has been  in the northern  commercial straits.   Has our  
mighty Armada sailed out onto the seas of deregulation, only to meet the 
......   perhaps I shall cease articulating  this line of thought and dwell 
upon the ingenuity of the Engish 
Anyway,  I have come to a point here in Portland  where I need to go back 
into the policy context of our trading business.  I recall in Houston that  
we had these trading policies that you worked on and that they set limits and 
articulated responsibilities.  Do you still have close contact with those 
policies and if so, is there a discrete document that pertains to the 
Portland desk and if so would you be so kind as to send me a hard copy of 
it?  I want to ground myself again in the fundamentals so my daily battles 
can be a little more fun.  --cgy
FYI:  Alex Mashinsky of ARBINET will be speaking on "Commoditising Telecoms: 
The Development of a Spot Market for International Telecoms Trading" at 
Risk99 in Boston June 8 & 9.
Cynthia:
As you know, the Bankruptcy Code revisions never made it through the recent 
Congress.  I understand they bogged down in the final days over issues which 
were essentially irrelevant to us in ECT.   I'm not sure you are aware of the 
importance to our trading business of certain of the other proposed 
revisions.  We anticipate that the revisions will be reintroduced in the next 
Congress and are beginning to think about ways that we can influence the 
outcome this time around.  Are you the right person in your shop for us to 
talk to about this?  If you could let me know, I'd appreciate it.
Thanks,
Mark
I will be in New York on June 17 & 18.
Legal Temp 2
05/26/99 08:17 AM
Good Morning!!
Please advise if you are planning to be out of the office during June 
Have a great day.
Taffy
Regarding Louise's second paragraph, I guess I had always assumed there would 
be different governing law provisions at a minimum - and dispute resolution 
fits similarly - with parties in various jurisdictions.  Any thoughts?
Louise Kitchen
05/25/99 03:53 AM
Good morning everyone,
Thankyou for responding promptly.
I think this draft better captures the Master / GTC approach though I thought 
we were going to change the title of the Internete Trading Access Agreement 
to something reflecting 'Password Application 
Also the wording which has been added at the end of the agreement is 
obviously only US specific - does this mean that we are going to have to have 
different Agreements on the page depending on the location of the person who 
clicks on it? Obviously the fact that the law is different on the written one 
is OK as can be altered by jurisdiction but the same issue does arise on the 
online agreement.   This causes issues so I'll need a respond immediately on 
this and would appreciate Mark and Justin discussing this today.
For information, I attach Schwab's agreement from the web which is quite 
simplistic in look and feel - could we adopt any of this approach - no 
WHEREAS is a good start.
Louise
Attached are clean and blacklined versions of the Access Agreement and 
Trading Agreement, which have been revised to reflect Mark's comments and 
some additional changes we have made.  Please call or e-mail with any 
questions or comments         - 5j%t02!.wpd
- 5j%tred.wpd
- 5j%w02!.wpd
- 5j%wred.wpd
Just a thought:  I'm assuming it will be too difficult to build in customized 
credit provisions on a counterparty by counterparty basis on-line - but if 
there are master agreements in place, the  credit provisions contained in 
them would apply to on-line trades.  The availability of the on-line system 
may therefore encourage more master agreements since the Credit Dept. will 
limit a counterparty's trading volume until credit terms can be imposed.
I have not yet had a chance to read this but thought I should pass it along 
asap.
Justin Boyd
05/27/99 11:01 AM
Mark,
Look forward to your views on the comments expressed by CC, as well as their 
minor drafting changes.  I have not as yet sent this Sullivan Cromwell....may be you would wish to do this as you see fit 
Look forward to seeing you soon in a week or so 
Justin
Further to our meeting yesterday, please find attached a copy of the
Internet Trading Access Agreement ("ITAA") and the Electronic Trading
Agreement ("ETA") marked up with my suggested changes from an English law
perspective.  As I mentioned to you yesterday, these documents will also
need to be considered by the overseas lawyers to see whether there are any
overriding local laws which could impact on the use.  The overseas lawyers
have copies of these agreements and will include this in their report.
I understand that it is envisaged that the ITAA will be signed off line and
the ETA will be posted on the Website.  Each person authorised by a
counterparty with a password must "click through" the Agreement before
commencing trading.  This will only be done on one occasion.
We discussed yesterday the risks associated with this approach, namely, that
a counterparty could claim that at the time of entering into the ITAA it was
not aware of the terms of the ETA and therefore, could not be bound by it.
It is clearly important to have certainty that the terms of the ETA are
enforceable as they contain important terms such as indemnities, limitations
of liability etc.  Having said that, the view might be taken that by
entering into the ITAA all that has been achieved is that a counterparty
receives a password which enable the counterparty to put itself in a
position where it must consider the ETA before proceeding.  Once the
counterparty accesses the Website and sees the ETA a second contract is made
and the ITAA and ETA must then be read together but only at the time that
the counterparty has clicked through the ETA.  I suspect that this is the
approach that Sullivan & Cromwell had in mind.  It is also worth bearing in
mind that a counterparty may ask for the ETA at the time of entering into
the ITAA or may be relunctant to click through the ETA until they have had
internal legal sign off.  This may delay trading.
Nonetheless, I understand that you are keen to proceed with signing the ITAA
off line and the ETA on line and accordingly, the attached documents are
marked up with that structure in mind.  As agreed yesterday, I have only
made changes to the document produced by Sullivan & Cromwell where I think
it is necessary for English law purposes or clarification.  I have the
following brief comments on the changes I have made:
1. Parties:  You will see that both documents are entered into by a
designated
Enron entity for itself and on behalf of all Enron group
undertakings.  The reason
for this is that Transactions will actually be made between the
counterparty and
various different Enron entities.  We therefore need to ensure that
such Transactions
with each of those Enron entities are governed by the terms of these
documents.
I note from your e-mail yesterday that it was suggested that we need
to list the affiliates
or have one entity enter into the Transactions.  I think there may
be some confusion here.
This is not the case.  I assume that the current Enron entities
which trade certain
commodities with certain counterparties will continue to do so on
the Website.
The Website will need to be set up in such a way as to achieve this
but I assume that this
causes no problem as each counterparty will see different pages on
the Website depending
on what password has been inserted.  The documents now contemplate
this.
2. "Services":  I have removed the references to Services as I am not
sure what this means.
I would have thought that these agreements need to govern the
counterparty's access and
utilization of the Website whether or not they actually carry out
any Transactions.  Therefore,
I believe that where the Agreement had previously referred to
Services, it can now refer to
"access and utilization of" the Website.
3. Contract Formation:  I have inserted a short paragraph in Clause 3
of the ETA which
provides that a Transaction will only be executed once Enron
generates a message of
confirmation of the sale and purchase to a Counterparty and that any
electronic records
of Enron will prevail.  I note that Sullivan & Cromwell envisage a
document being attached
which explains this.  This is also acceptable.
4. Data Protection:  On reflection, it will be more appropriate for
relevant data protection
wording to be on the Website itself rather than in the ITAA or ETA.
This is because the
data protection concerns revolve around data subjects i.e. living
individuals, rather than
corporate entities such as the Counterparty.  Before providing
appropriate wording for
this, could you please let me know what information will be
collected by you concerning
living individuals either intentionally or unintentionally.  For
example, when a password is
entered will you be able to identify a living individual by this or
can you intentionally or
unintentionally obtain that individual's e-mail address or other
information on them once
they have entered the Site.  You will need to check this with your
technical people.
Once you have had a chance to review this perhaps you could let me have your
comments.
I have simultaneously sent this e-mail to my financial regulatory colleagues
for their review.  They may have further comments which we will send onto
you as a matter of urgency.
Kind  
Andrew Wilkinson
- EnronAgC.doc
- EnronAgMU.rtf
- TradingAgc.doc
- TradingAgMU.rtf
Here is another services agreement - this one used as a form by EES.
Carol St Clair
05/27/99 01:08 PM
Mark:
Enclosed is a form of services agreement taht EES has entered into that may 
be a good starting point for us in connection with the derivative services 
agreement that we may want to enter into with entities like WCP.
Carol
Denise LaGesse@EES
05/26/99 12:07 PM
Sent by: Kim Wilkie@EES
Carol, I apologize for the delay in getting this to you.  Attached is a form 
that V&E just put together for us.  I think the format will be good for your 
purposes.  Let me know if you need anything else.
Regarding World Color Press, I will give you a call.  I spoke to Michelle 
Maynard, the lawyer on the transaction.  I need to check on a couple of other 
things before we talk.
Thanks, Kim
I have not yet had a chance to read this but thought I should pass it along 
asap.
Justin Boyd
05/27/99 11:01 AM
Mark,
Look forward to your views on the comments expressed by CC, as well as their 
minor drafting changes.  I have not as yet sent this Sullivan Cromwell....may be you would wish to do this as you see fit 
Look forward to seeing you soon in a week or so 
Justin
Further to our meeting yesterday, please find attached a copy of the
Internet Trading Access Agreement ("ITAA") and the Electronic Trading
Agreement ("ETA") marked up with my suggested changes from an English law
perspective.  As I mentioned to you yesterday, these documents will also
need to be considered by the overseas lawyers to see whether there are any
overriding local laws which could impact on the use.  The overseas lawyers
have copies of these agreements and will include this in their report.
I understand that it is envisaged that the ITAA will be signed off line and
the ETA will be posted on the Website.  Each person authorised by a
counterparty with a password must "click through" the Agreement before
commencing trading.  This will only be done on one occasion.
We discussed yesterday the risks associated with this approach, namely, that
a counterparty could claim that at the time of entering into the ITAA it was
not aware of the terms of the ETA and therefore, could not be bound by it.
It is clearly important to have certainty that the terms of the ETA are
enforceable as they contain important terms such as indemnities, limitations
of liability etc.  Having said that, the view might be taken that by
entering into the ITAA all that has been achieved is that a counterparty
receives a password which enable the counterparty to put itself in a
position where it must consider the ETA before proceeding.  Once the
counterparty accesses the Website and sees the ETA a second contract is made
and the ITAA and ETA must then be read together but only at the time that
the counterparty has clicked through the ETA.  I suspect that this is the
approach that Sullivan & Cromwell had in mind.  It is also worth bearing in
mind that a counterparty may ask for the ETA at the time of entering into
the ITAA or may be relunctant to click through the ETA until they have had
internal legal sign off.  This may delay trading.
Nonetheless, I understand that you are keen to proceed with signing the ITAA
off line and the ETA on line and accordingly, the attached documents are
marked up with that structure in mind.  As agreed yesterday, I have only
made changes to the document produced by Sullivan & Cromwell where I think
it is necessary for English law purposes or clarification.  I have the
following brief comments on the changes I have made:
1. Parties:  You will see that both documents are entered into by a
designated
Enron entity for itself and on behalf of all Enron group
undertakings.  The reason
for this is that Transactions will actually be made between the
counterparty and
various different Enron entities.  We therefore need to ensure that
such Transactions
with each of those Enron entities are governed by the terms of these
documents.
I note from your e-mail yesterday that it was suggested that we need
to list the affiliates
or have one entity enter into the Transactions.  I think there may
be some confusion here.
This is not the case.  I assume that the current Enron entities
which trade certain
commodities with certain counterparties will continue to do so on
the Website.
The Website will need to be set up in such a way as to achieve this
but I assume that this
causes no problem as each counterparty will see different pages on
the Website depending
on what password has been inserted.  The documents now contemplate
this.
2. "Services":  I have removed the references to Services as I am not
sure what this means.
I would have thought that these agreements need to govern the
counterparty's access and
utilization of the Website whether or not they actually carry out
any Transactions.  Therefore,
I believe that where the Agreement had previously referred to
Services, it can now refer to
"access and utilization of" the Website.
3. Contract Formation:  I have inserted a short paragraph in Clause 3
of the ETA which
provides that a Transaction will only be executed once Enron
generates a message of
confirmation of the sale and purchase to a Counterparty and that any
electronic records
of Enron will prevail.  I note that Sullivan & Cromwell envisage a
document being attached
which explains this.  This is also acceptable.
4. Data Protection:  On reflection, it will be more appropriate for
relevant data protection
wording to be on the Website itself rather than in the ITAA or ETA.
This is because the
data protection concerns revolve around data subjects i.e. living
individuals, rather than
corporate entities such as the Counterparty.  Before providing
appropriate wording for
this, could you please let me know what information will be
collected by you concerning
living individuals either intentionally or unintentionally.  For
example, when a password is
entered will you be able to identify a living individual by this or
can you intentionally or
unintentionally obtain that individual's e-mail address or other
information on them once
they have entered the Site.  You will need to check this with your
technical people.
Once you have had a chance to review this perhaps you could let me have your
comments.
I have simultaneously sent this e-mail to my financial regulatory colleagues
for their review.  They may have further comments which we will send onto
you as a matter of urgency.
Kind  
Andrew Wilkinson
- EnronAgC.doc
- EnronAgMU.rtf
- TradingAgc.doc
- TradingAgMU.rtf
Western Power Market Stands 'Poised on the 
Precipice' According to the ICF Kaiser Consulting
Group's 1999 Bulk Power Outlook
FAIRFAX, Va., June 1 /PRNewswire/ -- Power markets in the Western System 
Coordinating Council are ``poised on the
precipice'' of capacity shortfalls and extreme price volatility this summer 
and next, according to a new study of the regional
market by the Energy Practice of the ICF Kaiser Consulting Group. ``The West 
stands at least a one in three chance of
experiencing price spikes similar to those seen in the Midwest market during 
the summer of 1998,'' said Judah Rose, a Senior
Vice President with the Group and the director of the ICF study.
ICF's analysis of the West points to a number of key near-term implications: 
Regional Capacity Deficits. The region is in a delicate supply/demand 
balance, with most sub-regions of the West relying
on a capacity surplus in the Pacific Northwest to meet near-term peak 
capacity requirements. Because demand growth is
outpacing new supply additions, those deficits will only become more 
extreme over the next two years.
Volatility Exacerbated by Hydroelectric Dependence. A fifth consecutive 
year of above-average hydroelectric generation
-- the principle cause of the Pacific Northwest surplus -- will again 
mask the West's precarious supply/demand balance in
1999. However, if the drought conditions of the early 1990s resurface, 
the West will find itself at an even greater risk of
price spikes.
Upward Pressure on Prices. Prices are on an upward trend for 1999 and 
2000, the result of both higher regional spot
natural gas prices and the increasing value of ``pure capacity'' -- the 
value of ensuring reliability for consumers. 
The study also evaluates the long-term future of the Western market and 
highlights the following key results: 
Capacity Requirements Growing Steadily. The region's underlying demand 
growth is strong, creating a long-term regional
capacity need totaling more than 18,000 MW by 2005, unless there is a 
serious economic downturn in the region.
Energy Prices Trending Downward. The trend for long-term energy prices 
is for negative real growth through 2010, but
the region will remain susceptible to near-term volatility while market 
institutions continue to evolve and new supply is
slowly added over the next few years.
Capacity Prices Rising Slowly. Current low capacity values will continue 
to rise (but still remain below many other
regions) as new, more efficient generation is added.
Strong Gas Demand Growth at Stable Prices. Gas demand for power 
generation is poised to more than double by 2010,
with the most explosive growth in the Rocky Mountain and Southwest 
subregions. Even so, the West region's vast gas
supply potential appears capable of meeting this growth with little, if 
any, real price appreciation through 2010. 
``The Western U.S. Region volume of our Bulk Power Outlook, along with the 
other five regional volumes, offers
comprehensive insights into the rapidly changing North American power 
markets,'' said Sudhakar Kesavan, President of the
ICF Kaiser Consulting Group. ``No other firm can match our analytic 
capabilities -- which are based on an understanding of the
fundamentals driving electric power markets -- and the knowledge gained from 
working one- on-one with the market's key
players 
About the ICF 1999 Bulk Power Outlook
ICF's analysis of the Western market is part of the 1999 Bulk Power Outlook, 
an authoritative assessment of North American
regional bulk power markets through 2010. The study also provides the 
analytical basis for ICF's extensive and well-respected
consulting services providing market assessment, asset valuation, and project 
due diligence evaluations for the North American
electric power and natural gas industries. The 1999 Bulk Power Outlook is 
available for six regional markets -- West,
Northeast, Midwest, Southeast, South Central, and Canada -- well as a 
National Subscription, which includes the six regional
studies and a North American summary volume. Additional information on the 
1999 Bulk Power Outlook, including a
prospectus, sample volume, and order form, can be found at 
The 1999 Bulk Power Outlook is part of the ICF Kaiser Consulting Group's 
growing family of products and services. Related
studies on energy and environmental issues recently completed by ICF include 
the SO2 Allowance Market Outlook and the
Ozone Transport Region: NOx Allowance Study, which detail ICF's views on air 
emissions allowance markets.
For information about the 1999 Bulk Power Outlook and related studies, or any 
of ICF Consulting Group's products and
services, call Aldyn Hoekstra at 415/507-7188 or Cheryl Aronson at 
415/507-7151. Additional information the ICF Kaiser
Consulting Group can be found on ICF's Web site at 
About the Company
Headquartered in Fairfax, Virginia, ICF Kaiser is one of the United States' 
largest engineering, construction, program
management, and consulting services companies. Its more than 4,000 employees, 
located in 60 offices around the world,
provide fully integrated capabilities to clients in four related market 
areas: environment, infrastructure, industry, and energy. ICF
Kaiser reported gross revenue of more than $1.2 billion for the 12 months 
ended December 31, 1998. All references to ICF
Kaiser indicate ICF Kaiser International, Inc. and any of its subsidiaries.
Forward-Looking Statements and Certain Factors Affecting ICF Kaiser and Its 
Businesses
This release contains ``forward-looking statements'' within the meaning of 
the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995,
which are identified by the use of forward-looking terminology such as 
``may,'' ``will,'' ``could,'' ``should,'' ``expect,'' ``believe ``anticipate,'' ``aim,'' ``intend,'' ``plan,'' ``estimate,'' or ``continue or the negative thereof or other variations thereof. Such
forward-looking statements are necessarily based on various assumptions and 
estimates and are inherently subject to various
risks and uncertainties, including risks and uncertainties relating to the 
possible invalidity of the underlying assumptions and
estimates, that may cause actual results to differ materially from those 
stated or implied by these forward-looking statements.
These forward-looking statements also are subject to company-specific risks 
and uncertainties such as the company's ability to
maintain existing contracts (including contracts with the federal government) 
at their existing or at improved levels, to accurately
estimate and recover costs incurred on fixed- price contracts, to sign new 
contracts in established or new markets (including
international markets), to conclude and implement successfully certain 
acquisitions and joint-venture relationships, and to avoid
significant environmental fines, penalties, or liabilities. 
SOURCE: ICF Kaiser Consulting Group
Justin,
I note that the ETA has been revised to include a paragraph which provides 
that Enron's electronic records will prevail over a signed confirmation.  Is 
that how we want this to work?  In the telephone trading context we assume 
that the executed confirmation will control over the oral conversation, even 
when we have a recording of the conversation.
Mark
Justin Boyd
05/27/99 11:01 AM
Mark,
Look forward to your views on the comments expressed by CC, as well as their 
minor drafting changes.  I have not as yet sent this Sullivan Cromwell....may be you would wish to do this as you see fit 
Look forward to seeing you soon in a week or so 
Justin
Further to our meeting yesterday, please find attached a copy of the
Internet Trading Access Agreement ("ITAA") and the Electronic Trading
Agreement ("ETA") marked up with my suggested changes from an English law
perspective.  As I mentioned to you yesterday, these documents will also
need to be considered by the overseas lawyers to see whether there are any
overriding local laws which could impact on the use.  The overseas lawyers
have copies of these agreements and will include this in their report.
I understand that it is envisaged that the ITAA will be signed off line and
the ETA will be posted on the Website.  Each person authorised by a
counterparty with a password must "click through" the Agreement before
commencing trading.  This will only be done on one occasion.
We discussed yesterday the risks associated with this approach, namely, that
a counterparty could claim that at the time of entering into the ITAA it was
not aware of the terms of the ETA and therefore, could not be bound by it.
It is clearly important to have certainty that the terms of the ETA are
enforceable as they contain important terms such as indemnities, limitations
of liability etc.  Having said that, the view might be taken that by
entering into the ITAA all that has been achieved is that a counterparty
receives a password which enable the counterparty to put itself in a
position where it must consider the ETA before proceeding.  Once the
counterparty accesses the Website and sees the ETA a second contract is made
and the ITAA and ETA must then be read together but only at the time that
the counterparty has clicked through the ETA.  I suspect that this is the
approach that Sullivan & Cromwell had in mind.  It is also worth bearing in
mind that a counterparty may ask for the ETA at the time of entering into
the ITAA or may be relunctant to click through the ETA until they have had
internal legal sign off.  This may delay trading.
Nonetheless, I understand that you are keen to proceed with signing the ITAA
off line and the ETA on line and accordingly, the attached documents are
marked up with that structure in mind.  As agreed yesterday, I have only
made changes to the document produced by Sullivan & Cromwell where I think
it is necessary for English law purposes or clarification.  I have the
following brief comments on the changes I have made:
1. Parties:  You will see that both documents are entered into by a
designated
Enron entity for itself and on behalf of all Enron group
undertakings.  The reason
for this is that Transactions will actually be made between the
counterparty and
various different Enron entities.  We therefore need to ensure that
such Transactions
with each of those Enron entities are governed by the terms of these
documents.
I note from your e-mail yesterday that it was suggested that we need
to list the affiliates
or have one entity enter into the Transactions.  I think there may
be some confusion here.
This is not the case.  I assume that the current Enron entities
which trade certain
commodities with certain counterparties will continue to do so on
the Website.
The Website will need to be set up in such a way as to achieve this
but I assume that this
causes no problem as each counterparty will see different pages on
the Website depending
on what password has been inserted.  The documents now contemplate
this.
2. "Services":  I have removed the references to Services as I am not
sure what this means.
I would have thought that these agreements need to govern the
counterparty's access and
utilization of the Website whether or not they actually carry out
any Transactions.  Therefore,
I believe that where the Agreement had previously referred to
Services, it can now refer to
"access and utilization of" the Website.
3. Contract Formation:  I have inserted a short paragraph in Clause 3
of the ETA which
provides that a Transaction will only be executed once Enron
generates a message of
confirmation of the sale and purchase to a Counterparty and that any
electronic records
of Enron will prevail.  I note that Sullivan & Cromwell envisage a
document being attached
which explains this.  This is also acceptable.
4. Data Protection:  On reflection, it will be more appropriate for
relevant data protection
wording to be on the Website itself rather than in the ITAA or ETA.
This is because the
data protection concerns revolve around data subjects i.e. living
individuals, rather than
corporate entities such as the Counterparty.  Before providing
appropriate wording for
this, could you please let me know what information will be
collected by you concerning
living individuals either intentionally or unintentionally.  For
example, when a password is
entered will you be able to identify a living individual by this or
can you intentionally or
unintentionally obtain that individual's e-mail address or other
information on them once
they have entered the Site.  You will need to check this with your
technical people.
Once you have had a chance to review this perhaps you could let me have your
comments.
I have simultaneously sent this e-mail to my financial regulatory colleagues
for their review.  They may have further comments which we will send onto
you as a matter of urgency.
Kind  
Andrew Wilkinson
- EnronAgC.doc
- EnronAgMU.rtf
- TradingAgc.doc
- TradingAgMU.rtf
Sorry - I'll be in NYC that weekend and I believe that's T's big swim meet in 
Atlanta.  But thanks for the offer!
I'm not sure whether to feel sorry for you or not - can't wait to hear the 
details  Yes, it was a fun weekend - we were in Austin.  T. swimming at the 
Lake and I stayed around the hotel using the gym and getting a massage.  Good 
food, too.  The only downer was the drive 
Darlene:
I'm busy on Thursday but Friday looks good.
Mark
Our meeting for this morning will have to be canceled due to scheduling 
conflicts.  Please make every effort to reserve this time slot (first and 
third Wednesdays at 10:00) in the future for our group meetings.
Our meeting for this morning will have to be canceled due to scheduling 
conflicts.  Please make every effort to reserve this time slot (first and 
third Wednesdays at 10:00) in the future for our group meetings.
Richard Sanders has asked us to revise the arbitration language in our forms 
- including the Omnibus Annex A.  Please give some thought to whether there 
are any other revisions we should make at this time.  We make every effort to 
minimize the frequency with which we change the Annex (it has only been 
changed once since its inception) so it is important that we get as many 
necessary changes made at this time as possible.
Mark
I currently have a 28800 modem but would like to get the fastest (within 
reason) modem we have available for a Compaq LTE 5280.  Please let me know if 
this is the kind of thing I can get by Friday since I leave for London Friday 
afternoon and would like to take the computer (complete with modem) with me If the new modem is not available in that time frame, I at least need a new 
pigtail for the existing card since the old one is broken.
Thanks and please charge 413/1157.
Mark Taylor
x37459
The current versions are all the way at the bottom.
Justin Boyd
05/27/99 11:01 AM
Mark,
Look forward to your views on the comments expressed by CC, as well as their 
minor drafting changes.  I have not as yet sent this Sullivan Cromwell....may be you would wish to do this as you see fit 
Look forward to seeing you soon in a week or so 
Justin
Further to our meeting yesterday, please find attached a copy of the
Internet Trading Access Agreement ("ITAA") and the Electronic Trading
Agreement ("ETA") marked up with my suggested changes from an English law
perspective.  As I mentioned to you yesterday, these documents will also
need to be considered by the overseas lawyers to see whether there are any
overriding local laws which could impact on the use.  The overseas lawyers
have copies of these agreements and will include this in their report.
I understand that it is envisaged that the ITAA will be signed off line and
the ETA will be posted on the Website.  Each person authorised by a
counterparty with a password must "click through" the Agreement before
commencing trading.  This will only be done on one occasion.
We discussed yesterday the risks associated with this approach, namely, that
a counterparty could claim that at the time of entering into the ITAA it was
not aware of the terms of the ETA and therefore, could not be bound by it.
It is clearly important to have certainty that the terms of the ETA are
enforceable as they contain important terms such as indemnities, limitations
of liability etc.  Having said that, the view might be taken that by
entering into the ITAA all that has been achieved is that a counterparty
receives a password which enable the counterparty to put itself in a
position where it must consider the ETA before proceeding.  Once the
counterparty accesses the Website and sees the ETA a second contract is made
and the ITAA and ETA must then be read together but only at the time that
the counterparty has clicked through the ETA.  I suspect that this is the
approach that Sullivan & Cromwell had in mind.  It is also worth bearing in
mind that a counterparty may ask for the ETA at the time of entering into
the ITAA or may be relunctant to click through the ETA until they have had
internal legal sign off.  This may delay trading.
Nonetheless, I understand that you are keen to proceed with signing the ITAA
off line and the ETA on line and accordingly, the attached documents are
marked up with that structure in mind.  As agreed yesterday, I have only
made changes to the document produced by Sullivan & Cromwell where I think
it is necessary for English law purposes or clarification.  I have the
following brief comments on the changes I have made:
1. Parties:  You will see that both documents are entered into by a
designated
Enron entity for itself and on behalf of all Enron group
undertakings.  The reason
for this is that Transactions will actually be made between the
counterparty and
various different Enron entities.  We therefore need to ensure that
such Transactions
with each of those Enron entities are governed by the terms of these
documents.
I note from your e-mail yesterday that it was suggested that we need
to list the affiliates
or have one entity enter into the Transactions.  I think there may
be some confusion here.
This is not the case.  I assume that the current Enron entities
which trade certain
commodities with certain counterparties will continue to do so on
the Website.
The Website will need to be set up in such a way as to achieve this
but I assume that this
causes no problem as each counterparty will see different pages on
the Website depending
on what password has been inserted.  The documents now contemplate
this.
2. "Services":  I have removed the references to Services as I am not
sure what this means.
I would have thought that these agreements need to govern the
counterparty's access and
utilization of the Website whether or not they actually carry out
any Transactions.  Therefore,
I believe that where the Agreement had previously referred to
Services, it can now refer to
"access and utilization of" the Website.
3. Contract Formation:  I have inserted a short paragraph in Clause 3
of the ETA which
provides that a Transaction will only be executed once Enron
generates a message of
confirmation of the sale and purchase to a Counterparty and that any
electronic records
of Enron will prevail.  I note that Sullivan & Cromwell envisage a
document being attached
which explains this.  This is also acceptable.
4. Data Protection:  On reflection, it will be more appropriate for
relevant data protection
wording to be on the Website itself rather than in the ITAA or ETA.
This is because the
data protection concerns revolve around data subjects i.e. living
individuals, rather than
corporate entities such as the Counterparty.  Before providing
appropriate wording for
this, could you please let me know what information will be
collected by you concerning
living individuals either intentionally or unintentionally.  For
example, when a password is
entered will you be able to identify a living individual by this or
can you intentionally or
unintentionally obtain that individual's e-mail address or other
information on them once
they have entered the Site.  You will need to check this with your
technical people.
Once you have had a chance to review this perhaps you could let me have your
comments.
I have simultaneously sent this e-mail to my financial regulatory colleagues
for their review.  They may have further comments which we will send onto
you as a matter of urgency.
Kind  
Andrew Wilkinson
- EnronAgC.doc
- EnronAgMU.rtf
- TradingAgc.doc
- TradingAgMU.rtf
Here is the current version.  The numbers on the Annex have been deleted.
Hey Tim 
Thanks for the note - I needed a smile today.  I've been extremely busy and 
am leaving this afternoon for another trip to our London office.  Were you 
able to make any headway with the Bank regarding the NY house?  I just 
wondered if Greg had been able to help at all.
Mark
One more try 
One more try 
Hi Marc 
I just got back from London last night.  Looks like our IT people found out 
about this yesterday too - don't know if it hit us or not but they made 
everybody log off & back on again during the day yesterday - I'm assuming 
that was to install a new virus shield.  Didn't affect me since I wasn't here 
anyway. 
How've you been?
MT
Does this make sense to you?
We have received notification from Chase dated 10/21/98 with respect to FX 
and FX Option transactions out of its London branch.  Chase Manhattan Bank, 
London will maintain its Euro account with Chase Manhattan Bank A.G Frankfurt.  Effective 1/1/99, all existing payments in the European curency 
unit shall be payable in euro to such account.  Please see the 10/21/98 
letter for the relevant currencies and account information.  A copy of this 
letter will be distributed to the usual suspects. 
Has Louise mentioned anything about this to you?  What are we supposed to do 
with it?
Louise Kitchen
06/09/99 06:53 AM
We're home this weekend - might go sailing (you're welcome to come if you 
want) but nothing big planned.  I'm in NYC next Wed - Sun., T's in a swim 
meet in Atlanta next weekend, NYC after that.  Nothing planned for the 26/27 
weekend & still toying with the idea of Seattle for the 4th.
Here's a very rough draft of a set of slides we might use.  Let me know if 
this is even close to what you have in mind.  I can have one of our 
paralegals and our graphics dept. fill in whatever we need and make it look 
good tomorrow.
Mark
Attached is the form of schedule to the 1992 ISDA Master Agreement we use for 
purely financial transactions - swaps and options.  There are a large number 
of choices and variables to consider in these documents and usually whenever 
an Enron company begins financial trading in a new jurisdiction we work with 
local counsel to adapt the form and then handle most of the drafting and 
negotiating from here.  To the extent you are interested in using ISDA Master 
Agreements, we will be happy to continue in the same way.  I'm not sure they 
will be much help in constructing the type of physical commodity agreements I 
suspect you need.  If you need the printed form of the ISDA Master that the 
schedule relates to, let me know and I can have it faxed to you.
When the transaction is physical, even if there is an embedded swap or option 
of some kind, we use physical commodity contracts which vary widely from 
commodity to commodity.  I will ask Elizabeth Sager to send you some sample 
electricity forms and Jeff Hodge or Dan Hyvl to send some natural gas forms In a trading context, since Enron may be on either side of one or more 
transactions with the same counterparty, the forms are drafted in a bilateral 
fashion (basically we only ask for thing we are willing to give).  If your 
situation is different (e.g. our transactions with one party involve only the 
purchase of fuel and with another party only selling electricity, dramatic 
changes to these forms might be in order.
With regard to loan/finance transactions, I am not at all familiar with forms 
they use and in fact those transactions may be individualized to the extent 
that they don't even use forms as such.  I will ask Julia Murray to contact 
you or have one of the people in her group get in touch with you to talk 
about those types of transactions.  Unfortunately, I don't know of an 
electronic table of contents to the forms.  There is a project underway to 
create a forms database but it is in the very early stages of thought.
When we met in Buenos Aires a couple of months ago, you mentioned that you 
might
be able to provide Robert George and I with some ECT forms that would help us
with our deals in the Southern Cone. Of course these forms would be used as a
guideline and would be adapted as needed to comply with local laws. We would 
be
interested in any electronic copies of any ECT forms where (i) Enron is a 
party
to either side of a physical or financial swap (fuel and/or electric), (ii)
Enron is a party to fuel or electricity supply agreements (interruptible or
firm), (iii) Enron is a party to loan/finance documents, and (iv) Enron is a
party to construction /O&M Agreements.  Equally useful might be an electronic
table of contents to the ECT form books that  Brent mentioned having when I 
was
last in BA.  Thanks much.
I don't remember if I talked to you about this last month or not.  If not, 
would you mind giving Brent a hand with his broker agreement I am working on preparing a new form of Broker Agreement for Don.  Is there a 
form that ECT has used in the past?  The version we will be drafting will 
have certain non-traditional obligations on the broker such as the obligation 
to find a seller for the buyer's consumption requirements, guarantee to 
seller the buyers payment obligations and so forth.  Do you think Vicky may 
have prepared broker agreements for EES?  If my description is too vague call
me and I can describe it in more detail.  Thanks.
I've been working the whole time - no vacation or sick time to report.
Kaye Ellis
06/15/99 08:29 AM
I need to enter your time to day for June 1 - 15.  Please tell me how it 
should be posted.
Thanks,
Kaye
Joyce Dorsey
06/15/99 08:09 AM
Please submit your groups' time by end of day on Wednesday, 5/16.
Thanks again!
Here's a revised draft.
Alison:
Kevin & I are putting the final touches on our presentation - will we be able 
to have a projector for a computer/powerpoint presentation?
Mark
Yes, we would like to use the PowerPoint presentation.  Sorry for the last 
minute request.  If it's a big problem, I might be able to get our graphics 
dept. to turn it into 35mm slides.
Dear Mark,
Kevin had indicated that he would like to use an overhead projector but if
you would like to have a LCD panel for a PowerPoint Presentation, just let
me know so I can make quick arrangements.
Thanks.
Alison
I think this has already been sent to you.  Just wondering, though, why this 
is being lumped together in one complex transaction instead of splitting it 
into two.
Joyce Dorsey
10/30/98 09:04 AM
Mark,
I think this is the SWAP confirm that we were looking for yesterday.  Do I 
need to send this to Julie Gilbert.?  Anyone else?   Please advise.  Thanks.
Joyce
Importance:  High
The attached was prepared by Tres Cochran from V&E. Please give me your 
comments. Thanks a lot for all your help.
Maria Ines
Maria,  Please follow this message with the attached file to Gareth.  For 
some reason I cannot get it to go to Gareth directly.
Gareth,
Attached is the current draft of the swap confirmation for the Petrobras 
transaction.  The swap has two components -- the fixed/Libor rate swap and 
the "spread" swap.  The fixed/Libor swap is composed of the amounts computed 
pursuant to clause (i) of the definition of fixed amount and clause (i) of 
the definition of floating amount.  The amounts computed pursuant to clauses 
(iv) and (v) of the definition of fixed amount and clause (ii) of the 
definition of floating amount is the spread swap.
This is going to be a very unusual and highly structured swap in many 
respects in order to tailor it to the risk sharing that exists in this 
transaction among Petrobras, the Lenders, and Enron as swap provider. Because 
the swap includes both the rate swap and the spread swap, the benefits and 
obligations under the swap will need to be allocated internally at Enron 
between EI and ECT.  Randy and Scott recommend that a memorandum be generated 
that will reflect the manner in which this allocation will be made Essentially as it is explained to me, ECT will be allocated the benefits and 
obligations related to the fixed/Libor swap and EI will be allocated the 
benefits and obligations related to the spread swap.
One other feature that EI will be responsible for is the Deferral Amount 
mentioned in the confirmation.  This arises if a Reserve Deficiency occurs 
and the Reserve Indemnity is no longer in effect.  In this situation, if any 
amount is owed to ECT on the rate swap the Company will not have sufficient 
cash flow to pay the full amount due to ECT and the Lenders.  The Lenders 
will be deferring a prorata part of their interest and principal, and ECT as 
swap provider will also have to defer a prorata part of the amount due to 
it.  The amount to be deferred is called the Deferral Amount in the attached 
draft.  EI will be responsible for any Deferral Amounts that may arise.  If 
after a Deferral Amount is generated, the Company is able to recoup any of 
the Deferral Amount, the portion payable to the Swap Provider under the 
Participation Agreement would be a "Makeup Amount" and would be allocated to 
EI when received under the swap.
A great deal of additional thought and fine tuning will continue to need to 
be applied to this portion of the transaction to make sure that it 
coordinates as appropriate with the Credit Agreement, Participation Agreement 
and Transaction Documents.  Any suggestions that you or the ECT swap lawyers 
may have would be appreciated.  One thing that would be useful would be a 
"breakage clause" that would describe in as much specificity as posible how 
the breakage would be computed whenever it is necessary to adjust the 
notional amounts under the fixed/libor swap.
Tres Cochran
- ECTOCT2.doc
Both of those times work for me.
Darlene C Forsyth
12/01/98 02:47 PM
As it turns out, this week will not work for several of you.  Please let me 
know about the following times:
Monday, Dec. 7th 2:00-4:00 p.m.
Tuesday, Dec. 8th 2:00-4:00 p.m.
Thanks,
Darlene
Darlene C Forsyth
12/01/98 10:58 AM
Please let me know if you are available this Thursday, 12/3 2:00-3:00 p.m. 
or  Friday. 12/4 1:30-2:30 p.m..  Thanks, Darlene
Darlene C Forsyth
12/01/98 10:36 AM
Sorry for the confusion on this meeting, several were unavailable.  Please 
let me know if you are available this Thursday, 12/3 2:00-3:00 p.m. or  
Friday. 12/4 1:30-2:30 p.m..  Thanks, Darlene
Darlene C Forsyth
11/25/98 02:19 PM
Darlene C Forsyth
11/25/98 02:19 PM
Per the below, we need to schedule a meeting to discuss Canadian IDRs Please let me know if you are available Monday, November 30th between 2:00 4:00 p.m.  We need one hour 
Thanks,
Darlene
Darlene,
Can you please set up a meeting early next week to discuss the latest 
Canadian IDR.  The participants should be as follows:  Jordan, Peter Keohane 
(Calgary - via telephone), Laura Scott (Calgary - via telephone),Juanita 
Ruffino, Mark Taylor, Bill Bradford, and myself.   Thanks.
Jordan - by way of copy- should we invite Ed or Beth?
Thanks.
MRC
I have my Wine Country book here at the office today but don't know where to 
send it - if you're in Houston I can have a messenger bring it to you.
Mark
Here are the powerpoint slides for our presentation tomorrow.  Kevin should 
be sending you some additional pages that are not part of the slides but that 
we would like to hand out.  See you tomorrow!
Mark
Louise - I'm already booked for Friday morning (including a 10:30 at S&C hopefully I can get a download from Justin & Scott on Monday.
Invitation
Chairperson: Louise Kitchen
Start: 06/18/99 08:30 AM
End: 06/18/99 10:00 AM
Description: Meeting to discuss CC's Foreign Jurisdiction Report - London 
2:30 / New York 9:30
This meeting repeats   starting on    (if the date occurs on a weekend the 
meeting Meeting Dates: 
Justin Boyd/LON/ECT
Scott Sefton/LON/ECT
Mark - ECT Legal Taylor/HOU/ECT
Detailed description:
Sylvia:
I have been unable to reach either Jeff Keeler or Maureen McVicker to talk 
about this today.  I'm a little worried about who is handling the 
Commissioner's itinerary at this point and I don't know if anyone has 
reserved a conference room for the 2:30 meeting.  Fred Lagrasta is now also 
supposed to attend and will have a short presentation to make (I don't know 
if he needs any audio/visual equipment).  Can you check on this - maybe 
somebody else in Jeff Keeler's, Steve Kean's, or maybe even Ken Rice's office 
will know where this is supposed to take place?  It is entirely possible that 
no one has reserved a room yet.  If you could do that and then let the 
attendees know where it will be, I'd appreciate it.  Unfortunately, I'm on my 
way out to the airport now and can't take care of this myself.
Thanks for your help!
Mark T.
Here's what I have so far as an itinerary for CFTC Commissioner Newsome's 
visit to Enron, Friday, June 18 Confirmed items in Bold.  I'll identify the outstanding questions in 
(parentheses).
10:40 a.m.  American Airlines Flight #1477 arrives at Hobby Airport  (Maureen 
arranging car service     for 4 people)
11:30 a.m.   Arrive at Enron Bldg.
11:45 - 1:30 p.m. Lunch with Mark Haedicke (Location TBA.  Will advised based 
on CFTC ethics rules.  Are there    other appropriate folks that can join 
from ECT? I'll discuss with Mark Taylor)
1:30 - 2:00 p.m. Tour of Gas Control, led by James McKay
2:00 - 2:30 p.m. Trading Floor Tour, led by Ken Rice
2:30 - 3:30 p.m. Meet with Mark Haedicke, derivatives traders for an "Energy 
Derivatives 101" discussion (Ken Rice    may also be available)
3:30 - 4:00 p.m. Meeting with Ken Lay, Jeff Skilling in Ken Lay's office.
4:00 p.m.   Return to Airport for 5:15 flight to Mississippi
Attending: CFTC Commissioner James Newsome
Scott Parsons, Policy Advisor to Commissioner Newsome
Elizabeth Fox, Legal Counsel to Commissioner Newsome
Jeff Keeler, Enron Federal Government Affairs
Jeff:
In preparation for his meetings with Commissioner Newsome and Congressman 
Stenholm, Mark H. has asked for  information including a bullet point list of 
our key issues and any appropriate background material.  I have prepared a 
draft issues list which is attached.  Would you please take a quick look at 
it and see if there is anything you think should be added and then forward it 
on to Mark?  He probably also needs the final itineraries.  Thanks for your 
help.
Mark T.
Justin Boyd
06/23/99 10:12 AM
Mark,
Here are copies of the latest versions of:
the ETA
the PA
the Read Only PA
GTC (for financial trades)
Material changes have been marked.
Justin
I hope ours looks better than this:
sorry about that - misdirected to you.
I hope ours looks better than this:
could you please look into this?
Declined
Declined by: Lisa Mellencamp 
Chairperson: Mark - ECT Legal Taylor
Sent by: Linda J Simmons
Start: 06/24/99 10:00 AM
End: 06/24/99 11:00 AM
Description: Meeting-Set off issues, EB38C1
This meeting repeats   starting on    (if the date occurs on a weekend the 
meeting Meeting Dates: 
Detailed description:
Lisa Mellencamp/HOU/ECT declined your invitation 
On   06/24/99 10:00:00 AM CDT 
For   1 hour  
With:   Mark - ECT Legal Taylor/HOU/ECT (Chairperson   William S Bradford/HOU/ECT (Invited   Rod Nelson/HOU/ECT (Invited   Carol St Clair/HOU/ECT (Invited   Lisa Mellencamp/HOU/ECT (Declined 
Meeting-Set off issues, EB38C1  
Mark Taylor
12/13/2000 05:33 PM
Bob:
Our issues with hedge funds are somewhat complicated.  The threshold issue is 
that they are severely limited by their fundamental documents (the prospectus 
will spell out what they can invest in) so we have to review those documents 
before trading.  That is more than we do for run-of-the-mill domestic 
corporates and takes a lot  of legal resources that so far have been spent 
elsewhere.
The other issue is more difficult because it is hard to peg down and relates 
to regulatory uncertainty.  About a year ago a major hedge fund (Long Term 
Capital) got into serious trouble and the regulators stepped in, 
orchestrating a bail-out.  There was much wringing of hands and gnashing of 
teeth in Washington afterwards and since then there have been a variety of 
messages coming out of Washington relating to derivatives trading with hedge 
funds - none of them good.  Our view is that the regulators will be paying 
much closer attention to hedge fund trading of derivatives than in the past 
and we don't want that spotlight shining on us.  [In case you're interested: 
notwithstanding their name, hedge funds are speculators.  Much of the federal 
regulation of derivatives has assumed that hedging -- as opposed to 
speculation -- was safer and therefore more palatable.  The failure of a 
large hedge fund might result in damaging ripple effects throughout the 
financial markets.  Hence the regulators' heightened scrutiny.]
For both of these reasons, when EnronOnline was launched it was with the 
internally stated policy that we would not give access to hedge funds (or 
individuals - for similar reasons 
Commodity Trading Advisors can not trade on EnronOnline on behalf of their 
customers just as Brokers cannot.
Mark
Bob Shults
12/12/2000 10:26 AM
Andy as we discussed Harry will begin contacting the Hedge Funds.  Caroline 
Abramo is starting to push the CTA's (for LME metals) and hedge funds 
(metals, energy etc) through the credit hurdles and legal.  Mark, you have 
visited this one before any comments?
Cai Palmer@MGUSA
12/11/2000 09:16 AM
Harry,
Further to our conversation last week, I have listed below, in two segments, 
the top CTAs who presently manage more than $100mill each, and the top Hedge 
Funds, based upon their likelihood to manage assets in diversified markets, 
that may include tangible commodities. My understanding of EOL is that it 
presently caters primarily to this latter group and offers only tangible 
commodity trading instruments.
As I explained, the principle difference between a Hedge Fund and a CTA 
(Commodity Trading Advisor), is the manner in which they control the assets 
that they are contracted to manage. In the case of a CTA, the money can not 
be held by the CTA itself. The underlying investor will open a clearing 
account with a respective Clearing House, the assets will remain in this 
account and the CTA will trade based on the full monetary value of that 
account - in many cases an investor may well fund this account with Notional 
Funding. NF are 'abstract funds' not actually deposited at the Clearing 
House, but acknowledged as being available should variation or original 
margin be required. The CTA has no control over these funds. All monetary 
transactions must be executed by the Clearing House, and must be authorized 
by the investor. The CTA does have the ability to execute trades at an other 
trading house - such as Enron, through a contractual document called an 
International Uniform Give-Up Agreement. We have quite a few hundred of these 
agreements in NY. Essentially, all parties involved in the execution of a 
trade - the CTA, the Investor, the Executing Broker and the Clearing House, 
agree to allow the CTA to trade wherever he/she wishes and Give-Up that trade 
to the Investor's Clearing House. Since every regulated trade must ultimately 
clear the respective exchange, for a CTA to trade OTC and Swap agreements, 
would require prior notification to an investor that his/her money may be 
required as collateral against such a trade, and would be required to be 
deposited at Enron. A Hedge Fund has greater flexibility to trade such 
instruments since in the majority of instances a Hedge Fund does exert 
control over the funds it manages. A Hedge Fund typically structures its 
investment vehicles as Off-Shore limited partnership funds. As such the Hedge 
fund has direct control over the underlying assets and can move those assets 
to wherever they may be required - if investing via Enron On-Line, it would 
move the assets to Enron, for example.
This first list, below, is comprised of the top flight CTAs :
The following list is of Hedge Funds that I believe are trading Commodities 
and other non-security investments. It is by no means complete 
I would be happy to make any introductions that I can to any of the above 
names. Some we know well, others we may have to network ourselves into. 
Caroline and I met a few weeks ago and I passed some names on to her - I am 
not sure where that has got to yet, but if you need any further information 
please call me.
Cai
Enron Trading Services Inc
520 Madison Ave., 28th Floor
New York, NY 10022
Tel: 212.715.5248
Fax: 212.715.2360
E-Mail: Cai.Palmer@
I have revised the relevant experience paragraph slightly (if you open the 
attachment using "Launch" you can see the changes highlighted).  Kim, if this 
is OK with you please go ahead and use it.
Richard B Sanders
12/02/98 08:17 AM
Please review and let Kim know if you have any corrections
Please review the attached description.  Per my voicemail I would like to 
have it posted on the Texas Lawyer website.  This is a free site for 
employers.  Please send me back any changes or comments 
I can certainly be available for a portion of that time - can you tell me the 
purpose of the call?
Tracy Foy
06/24/99 05:06 AM
We are trying to arrange a conference call for approximately 3 hours on 
Friday, 25th June from 2.30pm, can you please let me have your availability 
as soon as possible.
Thank you.
Regard.
Tracy Foy - 44 171 970 7374
Hi Debbie:
Thanks for your note - it's always nice to hear from MC friends 
I'm living in Houston and working in the legal department of a large energy 
company (Enron).  I have two main areas of focus: derivatives trading (swaps, 
options, etc.) which I've been doing for over 6 years now and e-commerce 
which is relatively new.  The most fun work project I've had was being the 
lead lawyer in designing and launching our internet commodity trading 
platform about a year ago.  It has been tremendously successful.  While few 
people have ever heard of it, it is the largest (by dollar volume) website in 
the world!
I keep in touch with Mark Kopinski who is managing a couple of international 
mutual funds in New York.  My work takes me there several times a year and I 
usually try to see him if I have some free time.  The college is thinking 
about another capital campaign and he and I were on a preliminary planning 
committee (to see if a campaign makes sense).  Ralph V. was there - whom I 
hadn't seen in years! - and of course I keep in touch with Doc, too.  I was 
on campus for my 20th reunion a couple of years ago.  There were only 2 of us 
from '78 so it wasn't as much fun as I'd hoped but it was still good to see 
familiar faculty faces.  With luck the 25th will draw a bigger crowd.
My Midwest geography isn't what it once was but it sounds like you've got a 
terrible commute.  I hope you're liking your work to justify the drive.  I 
rarely make it back to Chicago but let's keep in touch and definitely let me 
know if you ever make it down this way.
Mark
Sure - it's not secret.
Tana Jones
12/12/2000 09:12 AM
Can I sent a copy of this down to Credit?  How about Joe Hunter?
Mark Taylor
12/12/2000 09:08 AM
I thought I'd send this around just as a reminder of the RMT guidelines.  As 
far as I know these have not changed since Rhett's memo last year.
Rhett Jackson
11/01/1999 10:08 AM
Attached please find the most recent guidelines for confirming swap 
transactions with RMT.  Please distribute this memorandum to others involved 
in the confirmation process, as appropriate, and feel free to call me at 
X34718 if you have any questions or comments.
.
Rhett Jackson
Generally speaking we have only documented that kind of concern when there 
were separate legal entities involved (like getting a comfort letter or 
guaranty from EI when ECT had to do the swap for one of their deals).  I 
think we can get away with pointing out the issue to both commercial sides.
Mary Cook
12/14/2000 03:30 PM
The VPP swap vehicle is being structured such that if a major adverse 
reservoir event occurs (no gas!) and as a result the Partnership (owned by 
Trust/banks) cannot fund the swap payments, then as swap default occurs and 
if termination payment is owed to ENA, the termination payment will in 
essence be subordinated to the bank loan repayment.  This is clearly a free 
walk on ENA on the swap (ENA in essence wears reservoir risk on the swap If this is the commercial deal, so be it.  However, I am concerned that the 
"$ fallout" in such event be charged internally to the finance originators 
and not the trading arm, but I do not know who to talk to about this.  Any 
ideas?  Or should I assume it resolves itself internally as and when it may 
occur Mary
Cordially,
Mary Cook
Did you get this?
Peter Keohane
Sent by: Sharon Crawford
12/14/2000 11:09 AM
Sorry for the delay in responding.  I have now reviewed this matter with Rob 
Milnthorp.  The status of Bank of Nova Scotia's financing arrangements to our 
counterparty Beau Canada Exploration Ltd., which was recently purchased by 
Murphy Oil  Canada Ltd., remains unclear.  However, until such time as that 
has been clarified, including the Bank of Nova Scotia's consent to our 
security for our mark-to-market positions with Beau Canada (now Murphy Oil 
Canada), Bank of Nova Scotia should not, at the request of Enron Canada, be 
added to EOL.
Peter
Peter-
Can you please tell me if we must continue to refuse access to EnronOnline 
for The Bank of Nova Scotia?  They have sent in another Password Application 
to apply today.
If we must continue to refuse them, can you please tell me what message I 
should convey to them?
Thank you,
Lara
Justin, Enron Canada is currently in an unresolved dispute with Bank of Nova 
Scotia where from our perspective Bank of Nova Scotia has essentially been 
telling us to shove off.  The dispute involves BNS's purported requirement to 
consent to collateral security given to Enron Canada for physical and 
financial trading positions with a counterparty known as Beau Canada Neither Bank of Nova Scotia nor any affiliate of Bank of Nova Scotia should 
be traded OnLine and all trading ought to be monitored until such time as 
this matter is resolved, and this should be expressly communicated to Bank of 
Nova Scotia.  They can speak to me directly at 403.974.6923 or to our 
President and CEO, Rob Milnthorp at 403.974.6714.
I am copying this memo to Bill Bradford and Mark Taylor for their information.
Justin Boyd
09/25/2000 08:36 AM
Lara
Subject to approval from Peter (the C/P is a Canadian corporate), I approve 
for all products except for US power, weather and credit
Peter - thanks!
Justin
Hello all,
The Bank of Nova Scotia would like to trade with us online.  They are in GCP 
as #54087 and are existing customers of Enron Metals (Jimmy Gordon is the one 
who got them to send in the PA if that helps 
Could you please let us know your comments in the S: access Database?
thank you,
Lara
London Fax System
25/09/2000 14:28
You have received a new fax from 0207 588 1542
The image contains 3 page(s).
Peter 
Should Tana add you to her list of people who get the daily EnronOnline 
customer list?  She sends it out to several lawyers to see if there is any 
reason not to give access to the system.
Mark
Peter Keohane
Sent by: Sharon Crawford
12/14/2000 11:09 AM
Sorry for the delay in responding.  I have now reviewed this matter with Rob 
Milnthorp.  The status of Bank of Nova Scotia's financing arrangements to our 
counterparty Beau Canada Exploration Ltd., which was recently purchased by 
Murphy Oil  Canada Ltd., remains unclear.  However, until such time as that 
has been clarified, including the Bank of Nova Scotia's consent to our 
security for our mark-to-market positions with Beau Canada (now Murphy Oil 
Canada), Bank of Nova Scotia should not, at the request of Enron Canada, be 
added to EOL.
Peter
Peter-
Can you please tell me if we must continue to refuse access to EnronOnline 
for The Bank of Nova Scotia?  They have sent in another Password Application 
to apply today.
If we must continue to refuse them, can you please tell me what message I 
should convey to them?
Thank you,
Lara
Justin, Enron Canada is currently in an unresolved dispute with Bank of Nova 
Scotia where from our perspective Bank of Nova Scotia has essentially been 
telling us to shove off.  The dispute involves BNS's purported requirement to 
consent to collateral security given to Enron Canada for physical and 
financial trading positions with a counterparty known as Beau Canada Neither Bank of Nova Scotia nor any affiliate of Bank of Nova Scotia should 
be traded OnLine and all trading ought to be monitored until such time as 
this matter is resolved, and this should be expressly communicated to Bank of 
Nova Scotia.  They can speak to me directly at 403.974.6923 or to our 
President and CEO, Rob Milnthorp at 403.974.6714.
I am copying this memo to Bill Bradford and Mark Taylor for their information.
Justin Boyd
09/25/2000 08:36 AM
Lara
Subject to approval from Peter (the C/P is a Canadian corporate), I approve 
for all products except for US power, weather and credit
Peter - thanks!
Justin
Hello all,
The Bank of Nova Scotia would like to trade with us online.  They are in GCP 
as #54087 and are existing customers of Enron Metals (Jimmy Gordon is the one 
who got them to send in the PA if that helps 
Could you please let us know your comments in the S: access Database?
thank you,
Lara
London Fax System
25/09/2000 14:28
You have received a new fax from 0207 588 1542
The image contains 3 page(s).
Thanks for the e-mail - I tried to go in and update my info but the system is 
down and will be down all weekend.  Is Monday early enough?
Thanks for the number.
I did not get the cooking set for Elena - I ordered the bongo drum.
Lorraine Becker
12/15/2000 02:05 PM
Attached is a copy an LOI for Power Merchants please review and if ok give to 
Lorraine Becker so that she can forward to Power Merchants.  Thanks
I spoke with Justin briefly this morning - he wants to look into this and get 
back to me.
Lisa Lees
12/19/2000 05:38 PM
Mark,
Have you had the opportunity to speak with Justin regarding the "Nominated 
Master User" issue?  Please advise.
Thank you.
Lisa
Thanks!
Stephanie Panus@
12/19/2000 04:09 PM
I have spoken with Susan Ruggles at Goldman Sachs (guarantor for J. Aron) a 
couple of times and she informed me that the Assignment Agreement is being 
reviewed by legal.  The attorney is Steve Bunkin, whom I have also left a 
message.  The assignment has been executed by Statoil and Enron, and was sent 
to Goldman Sachs on October 2.  I will continue to contact them, or, if you 
would like to call, Steve's number is 212-902-0952, email is 
steven.bunkin@gs.com.
Stephanie
Gentlemen:
In connection with an analysis of the tax issues presented by the E-commerce 
program, it is important that all Enron entities to participate in such 
system (as well the products to be traded by such entities) be compiled London has undertaken this with respect to Europe (and, shortly, Singapore I have undertaken to coordinate this with respect to North America.  Thus, if 
you could send me a list of North American Enron entities to be incorporated 
in the E-commerce program (and the products they will trade) I can then 
undertake to determine what issues such presents.  In this regard, I will 
coordinate with ECT-Legal in North America to verify that the manner such 
entities are to be incorporated into the E-commerce program does not trigger 
unplanned for tax consequences.
In addition, it would be helpful to obtain copies of the form of agreements 
to be entered into by counterparties prior to such parties being granted 
access to the E-commerce system (i.e., the form of on-line access agreements 
and any agreements ancilliary thereto).  These agreements are important to 
the tax analysis of the E-commerce program because the manner such agreements 
are to be entered into may implicate tax nexus concerns that we will want to 
work to mitigate (for example, if it is contemplated that all such on-line 
agreements are to be administratively executed by a single entity 
("Administrative Entity") on behalf of each Enron trading entity 
participating in the E-commerce system, such process could expose the Enron 
trading entity to tax exposure in the jurisdiction in which the 
Administrative Entity is located - obviously, this may be more complicated if 
it is uncertain where such Administrative Entity is located).
Finally, it is understood that the manner in which trading is to be effected 
through the E-commerce system is such that the Enron trading entity 
established as the entity to trade with a particular counterparty will be the 
only such Enron entity transacting business with such counterparty.  In this 
regard, therefore, it is not contemplated that one Enron trading entity will 
transact in part with a counterparty and that another Enron trading entity 
will complete such trade (for example, it will not be possible for a 
counterparty to obtain an agreement with respect to a particular product with 
EEL that will then be supplied by ECT - though this may occur on occasion in 
a fashion no different that is currently the case).  Please notify me in the 
event that this understanding is not correct so that we can plan to mitigate 
the potential tax issues that will be raised if trading is to occur otherwise 
(in this regard, as was discussed on Tuesday with Dave Mally and David Port, 
if a trade is transacted in a manner whereby one Enron entity executes a 
transaction and fulfills the requirements of such by purchasing inventory 
from another Enron entity, the income derived in such transaction is 
potentially subject to taxation in multiple tax jurisdictions).
Please contact either myself at x30938 or, if I am unavailable, Jeff 
Blumenthal at x35777 in Houston with any follow-up questions 
Thanks - I've asked Sara to give him a call now, too.
Stephanie Panus@
12/20/2000 11:51 AM
I have left another message for Steve Bunkin this morning, but have not heard 
anything from him.
Stephanie
I am on Continental Express Flight 4100 from Houston to Cincinnati
Depart: Houston (IAH), 23-Dec-00 at 11:00 AM
Arrive: Cincinnati (CVG), 23-Dec-00 at  2:26 PM
My flight on Tuesday is the same as at Thanksgiving: leaving Cincinnati at 
3:00.
If picking me up is a problem, just let me know and I can try to rent a car.
I'll be in Cincinnati, OH and then traveling back to Houston on Tues.  You 
can reach me at (513)541-8649 or on my cell phone (713)206-8080.
My understanding is that the transportation and shipping business is all=20
being done physically right now.  Our plan was to get Cheryl involved with=20
the derivatives contracts first.  Since there is so much more written about=20
them and more of an industry consensus as to what they should look like, we=20
thought it would be easier for her to learn the ropes in this area. =20
=09Mark E Haedicke
=0912/20/2000 03:59 PM
=09=09=20
Mark:  Should we get Cheryl Nelson to start getting up to speed on some of=20
the transportation and shipping issues?  Let me know.
Mark Haedicke
=09Enron Global Markets LLC - Office of the Chairman@
=09Sent by: Enron Announcements@
=0912/18/2000 09:21 PM
=09=09
Enron Global Markets (EGM) has made numerous organizational changes as its=20
businesses continue to grow and expand around the world.  We are pleased to=20
announce the following changes within EGM.
Financial Trading=20
The Convertible Arbitrage desk has moved from EnronCredit.com to the=20
Financial Trading group under Gary Hickerson.  Mike Bradley will manage the=20
desk. =20
Billy Lemmons has joined Gary Hickerson's group from EIM.  He is exploring=20
the agriculture value chain and origination opportunities.
Transportation and Shipping
Dan Reck will be transitioning out of the coal group and will be exploring=20
our rail and trucking initiatives.  These markets together represent=20
approximately $105 billion notionally, and we believe there are many=20
synergies between our energy, coal, and freight trading businesses. =20
Enron is currently trading dry-freight through EOL and is a leading market=20
maker in this new product. The shipping business is growing very quickly.  We=20
have asked Pierre Aury and Scott Montcrief to co-lead our worldwide vessel=20
trading businesses.  Scott will be responsible for all liquids vessel=20
businesses and Pierre will manage all dry vessel businesses.  The LNG vessel=20
business currently managed by Wayne Perry will remain in the LNG group, but=20
will also report to and coordinate with Pierre and Scott.
Weather
Our worldwide weather operations will continue to report to Mark Tawney in=20
Houston.  This business, which includes trading weather products in 10=20
countries and 40 states in the U.S., is also rapidly expanding.  Mark will=20
have all V@R allocation responsibility between Sydney, Tokyo, Oslo, and=20
Houston.  In addition we will be forming a weather-marketing desk in London. =20
Crude and Products
Bill White will be coming over from EBS and will have responsibility for all=20
U.S. financial crude trading.  Don Schroeder will continue to have oversight=20
and lead our physical crude business.  Mario De La Ossa has joined EGM from=20
Equiva and will manage our product options book.=20
Doug Leach will be expanding his fuel management and origination role.  He=20
will report directly to John Nowlan.
Finance and Structuring
Andrew Makk has joined the finance team from the Middle East group.  Most=20
recently he has been working on the Gaza project.
Jim Lewis has also joined this team. His last assignment was leading the=20
structuring group for CALME.
Both Andrew and Jim will report to Larry Lawyer.
=20
Corporate Development
Mark Wadlington has joined the EGM team and will be managing this activity=20
and co-ordinating with all Enron Corp. He reports to Tim Detmering with=20
accountability to the office of the chairman of EGM.
Operations and Accounting
Todd Hall has expanded his role as Business Controller and will have=20
responsibility for coal and weather.
Mike Perun has joined Enron from the banking industry and is responsible for=20
Controls & Standards.  He will focus on EGM=01,s operational and accounting=20
processes on a global basis.  He reports to Brent Price.
The Ecoelectrica power plant in Puerto Rico will move reporting=20
responsibility into the Enron Global Assets group.  Greg Curran, who is=20
responsible for all the activities in Puerto Rico, will report to that group=20
on all Ecoelectrica business and to Enron Global Markets on the remaining=20
businesses.
Please join us in congratulating everyone in their new roles.
Denis:
Try Deb Korkmas at 713-853-5448.
Happy Holidays!
Mark
Denis O'Connell
12/27/2000 06:18 AM
Mark -
Hope you had a good holiday - all too short unfortunately !
Many apologies but I seem to have mislaid the piece of paper with the name of 
the person that I need to contact to get a copy of the standard ENA legal 
opinion.  I would be grateful if you could give me their details again.
Many tks and all the best for the New Year,
Denis
Thanks Mark.  I think this one went to a whole lot of people - I can't tell 
if it was on purpose or a mistake!
Is there a retail location in Houston, TX where I can find an AF3.0HD?
Thanks,
Mark Taylor
(713)853-7459 (office)
(713)863-7190 (home)
(713)646-3490 (fax)
Yes, I think we were ok with the base language - it was just those last 
issues we were waiting on.
Greg Johnston
01/02/2001 03:34 PM
Melba, I am waiting to confirm one outstanding issue before signing off on 
the EOL product for Canadian financial power.  I expect to have that issue 
resolved in the next day or so and then would be in a position to sign off 
from a legal perspective.  I will send you an e-mail as soon as the issue is 
resolved.  Mark, I think that, other than the particular market issues that 
arose at the end of the year, you and I had otherwise agreed on the language 
and were ready to go.  Am I right?
Cheers
Greg Johnston
Why don't you come in Saturday night & I'll take you to dinner?
I did get Janet the white top (Interlock turtleneck - Medium, color - white 
#A32027)  from Talbots.  It was the fleece vest that they didn't have in the 
stores.  I did not get the towels.
Glad the computer is working better for you.  It makes all the difference in 
the world to have it speed up.  For me it actually becomes more useful since 
I cant stand just sitting there staring at it waiting for something to 
happen 
My paperwhites haven't bloomed yet - I do remember from the last time I grew 
some that the fragrance can be almost overpowering.  I wonder if people grow 
them outdoors when the weather warms up.  The smell might work better with 
more room to disperse.  This time I have six coming up all at once - I hope I 
can stand it!
Love,
Mark
I think the answers will be the same for Stockholm - i.e. as long as we are 
not giving advice with respect to futures contracts (valuations or trading 
advice) or handling customer funds there should not be any Commodity Exchange 
Act issues.
Martin Rosell
06/14/99 09:08 AM
Mark, the business people posted at ECTRIC's office in Stockholm want to 
offer a Swedish forestry group portfolio management services and advisory 
services.  With reference to our previous conversations on the subject below, 
do you think that this may entail problems under US securities laws?!
Martin
Martin Rosell
28/04/99 16:05
Mark:
Did you have any luck with your New York law firm contact.   The other party 
has accepted the contents of the contract and wish to sign on Tuesday next 
week, why it's a bit urgent to flag any US securities law implications 
associated with the relevant transaction.
Martin
Rex Shelby@MUNICATIONS
01/02/2001 10:37 AM
Mark 
Can you follow up with Mark Taylor to make sure he has everything he needs 
from us to help with the NDAs?  I am putting together a list of the 
appropriate contact people at each company.  We will start having meetings 
with these folks as soon as we have good NDAs.  The most immediate needs are 
Oracle, SAP, IBM, and Sun.  Thanks.
-- Rex
Rex Shelby
12/21/00 01:57 PM
Hello Mark 
Here is the initial list of companies for which we will likely need new 
NDAs.  I believe that at least one Enron company has an NDA in place with 
each of these companies already 
Ariba, Inc.
Commerce One, Inc.
EDS Corporation
IBM Corporation
i2 Technologies, Inc.
Microsoft Corporation
Oracle Corporation
PriceWaterhouseCoopers
SAP Corporation
Sun Microsystems, Inc.
TIBCO Inc.
Thanks.
-- Rex
Deb Korkmas
01/03/2001 05:15 PM
Mark, your Cost Center number is 105657.  Deb
Deb Korkmas
That's fine.  We don't keep particularly careful track of these things but 
pretty much estimate the percentages on a quarterly basis.
Francisco Pinto Leite@_DEVELOPMENT
01/03/2001 04:13 PM
Mark:
A suggestion.  I assume that whatever time I spend working for Global Assets, 
you will be charging back to the Global Assets group.   To keep things easy, 
I will be happy to let you know as often as you need the percentage of my 
time spent with the Global Assets group.   If you have other plans please let 
me know and I will be happy to do whatever is necessary to keep this simple 
and easy.
FPL
Rex Shelby@MUNICATIONS
01/02/2001 04:13 PM
Hi Mark 
Attached is Oracle's standard NDA.  We can work with it if you like it or use 
our own.
The Oracle folks are dropping by Enron here in Houston on Friday of this week 
(the 5th).  If we are able to put an NDA in place by then, we will go into 
more detail with Oracle at the meeting.  If we do not have a new NDA in 
place, we will keep the meeting high level.  Thanks for your help.  Best 
.
-- Rex
michael.boese@oracle.com
01/02/01 04:02 PM
- M&ACDAwithterm1.doc
- michael.boese.vcf
Just so you can see what is happening 	Joya Williams
01/03/2001 04:04 PM
Hi Dolores/Frank:
(1) Did you check on removing the TV from EB3866?  If there's a huge cost for 
relocating the TV, please let me know. Also, what is the cost for
removing the TV?
Charge CO/RC = 0413/105658
(2) We need to have the secretarial cube at EB3875 lowered to 42".  I guess 
this is a request for construction  Charge CO/RC = 0413/105659
(3) The copier has been delivered by my desk at EB3855A from 3AC.  Can we get 
a status on the engineers getting the plug ready?
( you know what I mean).
(4) We also need to get a drawing for reconstructing the area between my desk 
at EB3855A and EB3858/EB3858A/EB3858C/EB3858B.  We need to   maximize this 
space and add to secretarial workstations and maybe some type of closure to 
block the sound of the copier.
(5) We need to relocate the library currently at EB3858C to the team room at 
EB3872.
(6) Can I please get a current copy of the floor plan.
(7) The Cost Memo has been signed for the final phase of construction by Mark 
Haedicke.  Can I get the estimated date for construction to begin?
I need to put in a churn request as soon as possible.
Today, Raul w/ McCoy came by and we did a walk through for the offices that 
were just completed 
Thanks.
Joya' F. Williams, Sr. Admin. Assistant
EGM Legal Department
1400 Smith St., EB3855A
Houston, Texas  77002
joya.williams@
(713) 853-9559 (direct dial)
(713) 646-4842 (fax)
Joya Williams
01/04/2001 09:21 AM
Mark:
FYI -- See below.
Joya' F. Williams, Sr. Admin. Assistant
EGM Legal Department
1400 Smith St., EB3855A
Houston, Texas  77002
joya.williams@
(713) 853-9559 (direct dial)
(713) 646-4842 (fax)
Dolores Sustaita
01/04/2001 08:56 AM
Joya,
Per the request below.
(1.)  I will need to open a Request for Constuction regarding removing T.V. 
from 3866 
(2.)  I will open Request for Construction.
(3.)  To be determind.
(4.)  I will open Request for Construction.
(5.) Will open Request for Construction.
(6.)  I will take you a copy of floor plan.
(7.)  To be determnid.
Thank You,
Dolores
Hi Dolores/Frank:
(1) Did you check on removing the TV from EB3866?  If there's a huge cost for 
relocating the TV, please let me know. Also, what is the cost for
removing the TV?
Charge CO/RC = 0413/105658
(2) We need to have the secretarial cube at EB3875 lowered to 42".  I guess 
this is a request for construction  Charge CO/RC = 0413/105659
(3) The copier has been delivered by my desk at EB3855A from 3AC.  Can we get 
a status on the engineers getting the plug ready?
( you know what I mean).
(4) We also need to get a drawing for reconstructing the area between my desk 
at EB3855A and EB3858/EB3858A/EB3858C/EB3858B.  We need to   maximize this 
space and add to secretarial workstations and maybe some type of closure to 
block the sound of the copier.
(5) We need to relocate the library currently at EB3858C to the team room at 
EB3872.
(6) Can I please get a current copy of the floor plan.
(7) The Cost Memo has been signed for the final phase of construction by Mark 
Haedicke.  Can I get the estimated date for construction to begin?
I need to put in a churn request as soon as possible.
Today, Raul w/ McCoy came by and we did a walk through for the offices that 
were just completed 
Thanks.
Joya' F. Williams, Sr. Admin. Assistant
EGM Legal Department
1400 Smith St., EB3855A
Houston, Texas  77002
joya.williams@
(713) 853-9559 (direct dial)
(713) 646-4842 (fax)
Looks good to me.
Stephanie Panus@
01/04/2001 08:31 AM
I would like to take off Friday, Jan. 12 and 1/2 day Thurs., Jan. 11 as we 
have an out of town guest coming on Thurs. afternoon.  Please let me know if 
this will be a problem.
Thanks,
Stephanie
Do you know if Enron is trying to have any input in the selection process?
Chris Long@
01/04/2001 09:38 AM
Rumor has it that Jim Newsome will be named Interim Chairman of the CFTC 
today or tomorrow.  No word yet on who will be the Bush selection for CFTC 
Chair, but Newsome wants to stay and has friends in high places.  More to 
follow.
I think this will do for now.  Thanks
Becky Spencer
01/04/2001 10:01 AM
Mark,
The following is the list of attendees for the South American Legal Team 
Meeting.  Since you have had some new additions to your group, is there 
anyone else  I should include?
Mark Taylor
Brent Hendry
Mark Haedicke
Jeff Hodge
Dan Hyvl
Andrea Calo (Buenos Aires)
Rick Hopkinson
Lynn Aven
Thanks!
-Becky
x37599
Sounds good to me.
Tanya Rohauer
01/04/2001 03:35 PM
I would think adding the name would be adequate; do you agree?
Pertaining to the email below--I spoke to El Paso this morning about the 
gty's (there are a total of 3 in question covering financial and physical 
deals w/ENA, HPL, and EPMI).  They agreed to have those three amended to 
include the name El Paso Merchant Energy, LP (as they only include Gas, LP This is what their Legal is recommending in order to have the gty amendments 
executed ASAP and to make it as clean as possible (since 2 of the 3 gty's are 
tied to contracts).  Also, the amendments will be made effective as of 
12/31/00.
Let me know if you think we should ask for completely new gty's.
Veronica
We have received copies of a Certificate of Merger filed with the Delaware 
Secretary of State on 12/22/00, effective 12/31/00, wherein El Paso Merchant 
Energy-Gas, L.P. (Global Counterparty #72297), a Delaware limited 
partnership, merged with and into El Paso Merchant Energy, L.P. (Global 
Counterparty #53350), a Delaware limited partnership, with El Paso Merchant 
Energy, L.P. (Global Counterparty #53350) as the surviving corporation.
By virtue of this merger, the ISDA Master Agreement dated 12/01/99 should now 
reflect El Paso Merchant Energy, L.P. as the Counterparty.  In connection 
with this merger, Credit will be getting a new parent guaranty from the 
Counterparty.  Upon its receipt, copies will be distributed.
Copies of the Certificate of Merger will be distributed.
Elizabeth Sager, who is responsible for power trading documentation in North 
America and was in large part responsible for drafting the Industrial Master 
several years ago, is reviewing the proposed form.  She will have comments 
for us by Monday morning, Houston time.
Martin Rosell
06/22/99 09:04 AM
Please find attached a copy of the above document, marked to show changes 
from the draft of S&M, together with a clean copy thereof (please disregard 
any layout or file format deficiencies).  Besides further streamlining and 
refining of the doc, I've also styled it somewhat differently why it, on the 
face of the mark-ups, may appear even more amended than is the case. 
I've chosen to call the doc. 'Nordic Power Master Agreement' and inserted the 
Norwegian name of the Nordic Power Traders Association ("NPTA") in the header 
(hopefully, NPTA will be prepared to launch and market the doc. in its own 
name).  I've also prepared a brief Schedule addressing the optionality 
offered by the document.  The document is originally based upon ECT's 
Industrial Master Agreement.  In the Industrial Agreement, terms such as "the 
Contract", "this Contract", "this Agreement" and "the Agreement" are used 
interchangeably and not always with great preciseness.  In the attached 
document the terms "this Master Agreement" or "this Agreement" are used 
consistently (the latter to include all Transactions).  These are my remarks 
to the (principal) changes made, and to some issues that the new doc gives 
rise to:
1.  Transactions 
I've introduced some ISDA wordings herein (for example, the "Inconsistency" 
provisions) and deleted text that I find less appropriate or necessary in the 
current context.
2.  Obligations
This is a critical Section since it also refers to products for which there 
currently are no NPTA documentation ("Options" and "Collars").  When I 
discussed this with the Nordic trading desk it sounded less thrilled about us 
expanding the current Nordic bilateral power contracts range, and I have 
therefore left references to options (other than swaptions and Asian options) 
within square brackets (including related definitions).  (Supposedly, this 
will be something for the Working Group, Reference Group and the NPTA to 
determine.)  I've expanded the text on SWAPs and included a brief reference 
to ASIAN (options) and also streamlined the Tax clause. 
3.  Representation
Reps are not particularly common in Nordic law contracts.  The "No Reliance" 
reps appear to be typically American and may not be to everyone's taste Since parties seldom are prepared to give "Payee" reps I've cut out that part 
and also taken out the "Payer" reps as something that we should be able to do 
without.   I also feel a bit hesitant towards S&M's proposed "Changes in 
Representation" and therefore rubbed that one out as well (whilst being at 
it).
4.  Market Disruption
Since the underlying reference price (Nord Pool's spot price) is quoted on an 
hourly basis, some wordings have been included to reflect that.
5.  Events of Default
I'm mostly concerned about the cross-default clause.  Insofar as ECTRIC (and 
its possible Credit Support Provider) is concerned, we may, in this 
particular context, lose more than we gain from a cross default provision Also, the cross default  also only appears to apply to "borrowed money" (and 
"such obligation") and not default under any other "specified transactions It's worth considering making cross default optional and part of the Schedule 
instead.
6.  Remedies
As the enforceability of close-out netting in certain jurisdictions may 
require the automatic termination of all Transactions, it's  necessary to 
offer the parties the choice of "Automatic Early Termination" in the Schedule.
7.  Events of Change
I've followed the route of the Nordic 'Amendment Agreement' and pulled 
together "Events of  Change" and "Change in Tax Law" and done my best to 
streamline this sections since it undoubtedly will raise questions from local 
players in due course.
(The former sections 8 (Credit Support), 9 (Set-off) and 10 (Confidentiality) 
have been edited out.  The former because of the streamlining of the credit 
provisions (and related definitions) and the two latter since those concern 
issues that rather should be addressed by the parties bilaterally.)
8.  Governing Law and Jurisdiction
As previously discussed, this part is something for the parties to agree upon 
in the Schedule.
9.  Documents
As above under 8.
10.  Miscellaneous
I've crossed out the former "Currency Provisions" since it won't be 
enforceable in certain jurisdictions.  (Might be something for the Schedule.)
11.  Definitions
Some of the credit terms have been stricken out.  With reference to my 
earlier comment with respect to the uncertainty relating to the inclusion 
into the document of further options instruments, the related terms defined 
are in between square brackets.  Some of the defined terms may need to be 
further refined to better reflect the products, trading routines and 
settlement mechanisms in the Nordic Electricity market.
Exhibit A 
The relevant details can be found in the Schedule.
Please return with any comments you may have before close of business on 
Thursday (Oslo time).
Martin
I can't believe you have to change planes in Chicago AND Dallas!  I don't 
remember you being that willing to suffer for a cheaper ticket.
Bummer - looks like I'll just have to be the wimp this time.  There's really 
no way I can get away next week.  I have heard of las ventanas - but I didn't 
know about the evian spritzing.
Maybe next time.  Any more thoughts on a week that works for sailing?  I 
could spring for a bottle of evian and a plant mister 
Just a quick note to give you as much warning as possible.  The next phase of 
the office construction process will begin in just over a week.  That means 
it is finally time to move into your new offices.  Taffy Milligan will be 
submitting the move request (for next Friday - Jan. 12) and will have details 
directly.  Your assistants can help you order boxes and arrange your move.
Just a quick note to give you as much warning as possible.  The next phase of 
the office construction project will begin in a little over a week.  There is 
good news and bad news.  First the bad: the office which you currently occupy 
will be in the next construction phase.    Now the good:  it looks like we 
will probably have a place for you to sit until your new office is ready Taffy Milligan will submit the move request (for next Friday - Jan. 12) and 
will have details directly.  Your assistants can help you order boxes and 
arrange your move.
That's a great idea - I'll see if I can line up a boat - anywhere in 
particular you'd like to sail?  (BVI makes sense if there's a newcomer along.)
Where do you fly into to get to Charlottesville?
"Linda Hayman"  	01/04/2001 07:20 PM
I can sail anytime - Amanda is a tougher nut to crack.  She graduates on May 
20.  Wanna come to Virginia for graduation and then we could all leave from 
there?
Any interest in Barcelona for a long weekend?
I can't believe you have to change planes in Chicago AND Dallas!  I don't
remember you being that willing to suffer for a cheaper ticket.
Bummer - looks like I'll just have to be the wimp this time.  There's
really no way I can get away next week.  I have heard of las ventanas - but
I didn't know about the evian spritzing.
Maybe next time.  Any more thoughts on a week that works for sailing?  I
could spring for a bottle of evian and a plant mister 
Further information about the firm, a list of the Partners and their 
professional qualifications will be provided upon request.
I'll definitely take the room.  How (and when) do you plan to get there?  Do 
you rent a car in DC and drive or fly into Charlottesville? 
"Linda Hayman"  	01/05/2001 10:15 AM
Well Charlottesville actually has its own airport (looks a bit like St 
Thomas).  But DC is the only other place close by - and then a rental car (or 
bus or train).  I have an extra room reserved at Keswick Hall - very 
expensive - and at some point I have to release it or pay for it. Check it 
out at www.Keswick.com.    Rooms are tight over graduation weekend.
Linda Hayman
Skadden, Arps,Slate, Meagher & Flom, LLP
4 Times Square, 42nd Floor
New York, NY  10036
T:  212-735-2637
F:  917-777-2637
That's a great idea - I'll see if I can line up a boat - anywhere in
particular you'd like to sail?  (BVI makes sense if there's a newcomer
along.)
Where do you fly into to get to Charlottesville?
"Linda
01/04/2001
07:20 PM
I can sail anytime - Amanda is a tougher nut to crack.  She graduates on
May 20.  Wanna come to Virginia for graduation and then we could all leave
from there?
Any interest in Barcelona for a long weekend?
I can't believe you have to change planes in Chicago AND Dallas!  I don't
remember you being that willing to suffer for a cheaper ticket.
Bummer - looks like I'll just have to be the wimp this time.  There's
really no way I can get away next week.  I have heard of las ventanas - but
I didn't know about the evian spritzing.
Maybe next time.  Any more thoughts on a week that works for sailing?  I
could spring for a bottle of evian and a plant mister 
Further information about the firm, a list of the Partners and their
professional qualifications will be provided upon request.
Further information about the firm, a list of the Partners and their 
professional qualifications will be provided upon request.
- Linda Hayman.vcf
Approved.
Mark Greenberg@
01/05/2001 02:59 PM
Mark -
Please let me know if it would be possible to get a flat computer screen for 
my office.
Thanks.
Mark
Senior Counsel, ENA
Phone:     713-345-8897
Facsimile: 713-646-3940
E-Mail:      Mark.Greenberg@
We can try - an we'll ask the planners to put that in the design.  But Mark 
H. has indicated a desire to get rid of as many of the tall walls as possible 
and he approves all of the construction requests personally, so we may not 
succeed.
Suzanne Adams
01/05/2001 12:10 PM
Mark, Dina told me that she will be sitting in the space that's now a file 
room for Linda Guinn.  We would both like the high wall that separates us 
left up if possible.   Do you think that would be possible 
Mark Taylor
01/04/2001 08:13 PM
Just a quick note to give you as much warning as possible.  The next phase of 
the office construction process will begin in just over a week.  That means 
it is finally time to move into your new offices.  Taffy Milligan will be 
submitting the move request (for next Friday - Jan. 12) and will have details 
directly.  Your assistants can help you order boxes and arrange your move.
Approved.
Taffy Milligan
01/08/2001 12:25 PM
Mark,
Carol is referring to a flat screen monitor.
Taffy
Carol St Clair
01/08/2001 10:53 AM
Mark:
Taffy indicated that I needed to end you an e-mail requesting the new type of 
computer.  Could you please order one for me?  Thanks.
Carol St. Clair
EB 3892
713-853-3989 (Phone)
713-646-3393 (Fax)
carol.st.clair@
As per our telephone call.
Tommy Yanowski/ENRON@Xgate
01/05/2001 11:11 AM
Attached is a copy of the term sheet that we discussed over the phone Please review and let me know how you'd like to move forward.  Thanks Tommy
You might find the attached of interest.  I fear it is time to consider the 
S&C memorandum we discussed at our first meeting in New York.
Justin Boyd
06/24/99 10:56 AM
Mark,
Further to my message, here are the documents,
Justin
Any chance this language came from a credit facility that provides for the 
issuance of letters of credit?
Russell Diamond
01/05/2001 05:20 PM
Mark,
I copied a section of a counterparty's Bank Credit Agreement relating to 
certain 
negative pledges.  The counteparty is IMC Global whom we have some financial 
transactions with (actuall their sub IMC-Canada) at ECC, and now an EES 
person is looking to 
enter into a long term EES transaction.  We sent them a draft ISDA for future 
transactions 
out of ECC and we are now being told by the EES person that if a Credit 
Support Annex (CSA) 
is required in this ISDA it will kill her deal.  She has stated that they are 
not able 
to fulfil the obligations of the CSA because of the covenants tied to their 
Credit 
support agreement.  As highlighted in red below, it seems that they cannot 
have any liens that
secure derivative obligations, although cash is acceptable up to $10 
million.  Can you 
please clarify if collateral as it is stated in the ISDA is considered a 
lien, and if this type 
collateral would be a breach of their credit agreement.  If this is a breach 
can you suggest 
other methods that we might use so the CSA would be acceptable.
Thanks
Russell
Negative Pledge.   Neither  any Borrower nor  any  Subsidiary  of  any
Borrower  will create, assume or suffer to exist any Lien on any  asset
now owned or hereafter acquired by it, except:
Liens  existing on the date of this Agreement securing Debt outstanding
on  the date of this Agreement in an aggregate principal or face amount
not exceeding $135,000,000;
any  Lien  existing on any asset of any Person at the time such  Person
becomes a Subsidiary of a Borrower and not created in contemplation  of
such event;
any Lien on any asset securing Debt incurred or assumed for the purpose
of  financing  all or any part of the cost of acquiring or constructing
such asset, provided that such Lien attaches to such asset concurrently
with  or  within  90  days  after  the  acquisition  or  completion  of
construction thereof;
any Lien on any asset of any Person existing at the time such Person is
merged  or  consolidated with or into a Borrower or a Subsidiary  of  a
Borrower and not created in contemplation of such event;
any  Lien existing on any asset prior to the acquisition thereof  by  a
Borrower or a Subsidiary of a Borrower and not created in contemplation
of such acquisition;
any  Lien  arising  out  of  the  refinancing,  extension,  renewal  or
refunding  of  any Debt secured by any Lien permitted  by  any  of  the
foregoing clauses of this Section, provided that the proceeds  of  such
Debt  are  used  solely for the foregoing purpose and to pay  financing
costs and such Debt is not secured by any additional assets;
Liens  arising in the ordinary course of its business which (i) do  not
secure  Debt  or  Derivatives  Obligations,  (ii)  do  not  secure  any
obligation in an amount exceeding $100,000,000 and (iii) do not in  the
aggregate materially detract from the value of its assets or materially
impair the use thereof in the operation of its business;
Liens  on  cash and cash equivalents securing Derivatives  Obligations,
provided that the aggregate amount of cash and cash equivalents subject
to such Liens may at no time exceed $10,000,000; and
Liens  not otherwise permitted by the foregoing clauses of this Section
securing  Debt in an aggregate principal or face amount, together  with
all  other Debt secured by Liens permitted under this Section  5.09(i),
not  to  exceed  an  amount  equal to 10%  of  Consolidated  Net  Worth
(calculated  as  of  the last day of the fiscal quarter  most  recently
ended  on  or prior to the date of the most recent incurrence  of  such
Debt).
Seems to me that L/C's are the way to go then, rather than asking for cash or 
another asset as collateral.  (Another option would be to mix and match taking cash up to $10 mil. and L/C's beyond that.)   Lenders frequently set 
up the facilities available to the borrower this way so they keep control 
over how much "debt" is supported by the asset base while still giving the 
borrower some flexibility.  As you can imagine, most other extenders of 
credit are willing to take the bank's L/C in lieu of a lien on a hard asset.
Russell Diamond
01/08/2001 06:42 PM
Mark, 
Letters of Credit are available under this Credit Facility.
Please let me know your thoughts and if you need any additional information 
as the originator in EES is calling for me.
Thanks
Russell.
Any chance this language came from a credit facility that provides for the 
issuance of letters of credit?
Russell Diamond
01/05/2001 05:20 PM
Mark,
I copied a section of a counterparty's Bank Credit Agreement relating to 
certain 
negative pledges.  The counteparty is IMC Global whom we have some financial 
transactions with (actuall their sub IMC-Canada) at ECC, and now an EES 
person is looking to 
enter into a long term EES transaction.  We sent them a draft ISDA for future 
transactions 
out of ECC and we are now being told by the EES person that if a Credit 
Support Annex (CSA) 
is required in this ISDA it will kill her deal.  She has stated that they are 
not able 
to fulfil the obligations of the CSA because of the covenants tied to their 
Credit 
support agreement.  As highlighted in red below, it seems that they cannot 
have any liens that
secure derivative obligations, although cash is acceptable up to $10 
million.  Can you 
please clarify if collateral as it is stated in the ISDA is considered a 
lien, and if this type 
collateral would be a breach of their credit agreement.  If this is a breach 
can you suggest 
other methods that we might use so the CSA would be acceptable.
Thanks
Russell
Negative Pledge.   Neither  any Borrower nor  any  Subsidiary  of  any
Borrower  will create, assume or suffer to exist any Lien on any  asset
now owned or hereafter acquired by it, except:
Liens  existing on the date of this Agreement securing Debt outstanding
on  the date of this Agreement in an aggregate principal or face amount
not exceeding $135,000,000;
any  Lien  existing on any asset of any Person at the time such  Person
becomes a Subsidiary of a Borrower and not created in contemplation  of
such event;
any Lien on any asset securing Debt incurred or assumed for the purpose
of  financing  all or any part of the cost of acquiring or constructing
such asset, provided that such Lien attaches to such asset concurrently
with  or  within  90  days  after  the  acquisition  or  completion  of
construction thereof;
any Lien on any asset of any Person existing at the time such Person is
merged  or  consolidated with or into a Borrower or a Subsidiary  of  a
Borrower and not created in contemplation of such event;
any  Lien existing on any asset prior to the acquisition thereof  by  a
Borrower or a Subsidiary of a Borrower and not created in contemplation
of such acquisition;
any  Lien  arising  out  of  the  refinancing,  extension,  renewal  or
refunding  of  any Debt secured by any Lien permitted  by  any  of  the
foregoing clauses of this Section, provided that the proceeds  of  such
Debt  are  used  solely for the foregoing purpose and to pay  financing
costs and such Debt is not secured by any additional assets;
Liens  arising in the ordinary course of its business which (i) do  not
secure  Debt  or  Derivatives  Obligations,  (ii)  do  not  secure  any
obligation in an amount exceeding $100,000,000 and (iii) do not in  the
aggregate materially detract from the value of its assets or materially
impair the use thereof in the operation of its business;
Liens  on  cash and cash equivalents securing Derivatives  Obligations,
provided that the aggregate amount of cash and cash equivalents subject
to such Liens may at no time exceed $10,000,000; and
Liens  not otherwise permitted by the foregoing clauses of this Section
securing  Debt in an aggregate principal or face amount, together  with
all  other Debt secured by Liens permitted under this Section  5.09(i),
not  to  exceed  an  amount  equal to 10%  of  Consolidated  Net  Worth
(calculated  as  of  the last day of the fiscal quarter  most  recently
ended  on  or prior to the date of the most recent incurrence  of  such
Debt).
Yes, I'm looking forward to it.
RAISLERK@sullcrom.com
01/09/2001 09:52 AM
Please let me know if you would be able to join us for dinner on Friday, 
January 26 at 8:30 p.m. at Louie's Backyard, 700 Waddell Avenue, (305) 
294-1061.
Look forward to seeing you in Key West.
This e-mail is sent by a law firm and contains information
that may be privileged and confidential. If you are not the
intended recipient, please delete the e-mail and notify us
immediately.
This e-mail is sent by a law firm and contains information
that may be privileged and confidential. If you are not the
intended recipient, please delete the e-mail and notify us
immediately.
ispq.com
webcamnow.com
cuseemeworld.com
eyeball.com
apps6.ifriends.net/cgi/iArchive.exe?screenname=RAGDOLL - 3k 
Enron Online Transactions
.  Any member of the Envera Network (an =01&Envera Network Member=018) who is a=20
customer of EOL may submit to EGM an irrevocable offer to buy or sell any=20
petrochemical, natural gas liquids, or plastics product that is then traded=20
by EGM on EnronOnline, on the standard terms and conditions (including=20
without limitation quantity, quality, shipping dates and payment terms) as=20
are established for such products on EnronOnline=01v, at a price that is between=20
the bid and ask prices then posted by EGM on EnronOnline=01v, with such offers=20
being a binding commitment by such Envera Network Member to complete the=20
proposed transaction on the same trading day (as trading days are determined=20
by EGM).  EGM agrees to conditionally accept such offers, subject to the=20
following requirements and limitations:
Current Envera Network Members (as of the Closing Date) may submit such=20
offers on or before the first anniversary of the Closing Date, and not=20
thereafter.  Any Envera Network Member who first becomes a member after the=20
Closing Date but before December 31, 2001, shall have until the first=20
anniversary of its membership agreement with Envera in which to submit such=20
offers, but not thereafter.  Any Envera Network Member who first becomes a=20
member after December 31, 2001, shall not be entitled to submit any offers to=20
EGM under this Section 8.2.  All of EGM=01,s obligations under this Section 8.2=20
shall expire no later than December 31, 2002.
The irrevocable offer by the Envera Network Member must be placed as a limit=20
order on EnronOnline=01v and made irrevocable until the end of the trading day=20
in writing (by facsimile or otherwise) or otherwise in accordance with the=20
standard confirmation procedures of EGM.  In no event will EGM be liable for=20
any failure to complete any limit order or trade. =20
The Envera Network Member must be a registered user of EnronOnline=01v and=20
qualified to trade in the product that is the subject of the offer, all in=20
accordance with the standard terms established by EGM or EnronOnline=01v.
EGM will accept or reject the offer on or before the close of the trading=20
day and will communicate such acceptance or rejection to the Envera Network=20
Member; if accepted the transaction will be completed through EnronOnline=01v. =20
EGM's acceptance or rejection may be based on EGM=01,s ability to reverse the=20
trade with a third party or otherwise fully mitigate the risk created by the=20
trade, and on such criteria as EGM applies to such trades generally,=20
including without limitation its evaluation of the credit risk of such Envera=20
Network Member based on EGM's standard credit policies then in effect.
Any trades of similar products by EGM shall be independent of the=20
transaction offered by the Envera Network Member.  EGM's trades will be for=20
its own account and in no event shall EGM trade for or on behalf of the=20
Envera Network Member.
Neither EGM nor EOL will charge the Envera Network Member any transaction=20
fees with respect to such transaction.
The aggregate number of transactions that EGM will be obligated to accept=20
pursuant to this Section 8.2 shall not exceed one hundred (100) per Envera=20
Network Member, and shall not exceed an aggregate of five thousand (5,000).
No offers shall be accepted by EGM under this Section 8.2 after December 31,=20
2002.
No transactions under this Section 8.2 will be executed if, in the sole good=20
faith judgment of EOL or EGM, upon advice of its counsel, the result or=20
effect of which may be that any of EGM, EOL, or EnronOnline=01v, their=20
Affiliates or any of their respective businesses (i) could become subject to=20
regulation under the Commodities Exchange Act, as amended; (ii) could become=20
subject to regulation by the Commodities Futures Trading Commission; or (iii)=20
could become subject to any regulatory proceeding, investigation, action,=20
inquiry or review.
=09Mark Taylor
=0901/11/2001 09:37 AM
=09=09=20
Enron Online Transactions
.  Any member of the Envera Network (an =01&Envera Network Member=018) who is a=20
customer of EOL may submit to EGM an irrevocable offer to buy or sell any=20
petrochemical, natural gas liquids, or plastics product that is then traded=20
by EGM on EnronOnline, on the standard terms and conditions (including=20
without limitation quantity, quality, shipping dates and payment terms) as=20
are established for such products on EnronOnline=01v, at a price that is between=20
the bid and ask prices then posted by EGM on EnronOnline=01v, with such offers=20
being a binding commitment by such Envera Network Member to complete the=20
proposed transaction on the same trading day (as trading days are determined=20
by EGM).  EGM agrees to conditionally accept such offers, subject to the=20
following requirements and limitations:
Current Envera Network Members (as of the Closing Date) may submit such=20
offers on or before the first anniversary of the Closing Date, and not=20
thereafter.  Any Envera Network Member who first becomes a member after the=20
Closing Date but before December 31, 2001, shall have until the first=20
anniversary of its membership agreement with Envera in which to submit such=20
offers, but not thereafter.  Any Envera Network Member who first becomes a=20
member after December 31, 2001, shall not be entitled to submit any offers to=20
EGM under this Section 8.2.  All of EGM=01,s obligations under this Section 8.2=20
shall expire no later than December 31, 2002.
The irrevocable offer by the Envera Network Member must be placed as a limit=20
order on EnronOnline=01v and made irrevocable until the end of the trading day=20
in writing (by facsimile or otherwise) or otherwise in accordance with the=20
standard confirmation procedures of EGM.  In no event will EGM be liable for=20
any failure to complete any limit order or trade. =20
The Envera Network Member must be a registered user of EnronOnline=01v and=20
qualified to trade in the product that is the subject of the offer, all in=20
accordance with the standard terms established by EGM or EnronOnline=01v.
EGM will accept or reject the offer on or before the close of the trading=20
day and will communicate such acceptance or rejection to the Envera Network=20
Member; if accepted the transaction will be completed through EnronOnline=01v. =20
EGM's acceptance or rejection may be based on EGM=01,s ability to reverse the=20
trade with a third party or otherwise fully mitigate the risk created by the=20
trade, and on such criteria as EGM applies to such trades generally,=20
including without limitation its evaluation of the credit risk of such Envera=20
Network Member based on EGM's standard credit policies then in effect.
Any trades of similar products by EGM shall be independent of the=20
transaction offered by the Envera Network Member.  EGM's trades will be for=20
its own account and in no event shall EGM trade for or on behalf of the=20
Envera Network Member.
Neither EGM nor EOL will charge the Envera Network Member any transaction=20
fees with respect to such transaction.
The aggregate number of transactions that EGM will be obligated to accept=20
pursuant to this Section 8.2 shall not exceed one hundred (100) per Envera=20
Network Member, and shall not exceed an aggregate of five thousand (5,000).
No offers shall be accepted by EGM under this Section 8.2 after December 31,=20
2002.
No transactions under this Section 8.2 will be executed if, in the sole good=20
faith judgment of EOL or EGM, upon advice of its counsel, the result or=20
effect of which may be that any of EGM, EOL, or EnronOnline=01v, their=20
Affiliates or any of their respective businesses (i) could become subject to=20
regulation under the Commodities Exchange Act, as amended; (ii) could become=20
subject to regulation by the Commodities Futures Trading Commission; or (iii)=20
could become subject to any regulatory proceeding, investigation, action,=20
inquiry or review.
John Viverito@
01/11/2001 09:24 AM
Mark-
I thought you might want to have the full set of documents for reference.
,
John
John Viverito
Phone (713) 345-7814
Fax       (713) 646-3490
e-mail John.Viverito@
"Alderden, Emily"  	01/10/2001 10:46 PM
Attached please find the final (or nearly final) versions of the following
documents:
1. DealBench Linking Agreement
2. EnronOnline Linking Agreement
3. Subscription Agreement
4. Envera Network Trading Member Agreement
5. Agreement of the Members of Envera
6. Master Agreement
7. Secretary's Certificate of Envera
8. New Member Addendum
9. Schedules to Master Agreement
Please contact Ted Stockbridge (713-758-1032) with any questions or
comments.
++++++  - Houston_423241_6.DOC
- Houston_430631_2.DOC
- Houston_426532_2.DOC
- Houston_427132_4.DOC
- Houston_416134_5.DOC
- Houston_415681_5.DOC
- Houston_431833_1.DOC
- Houston_431834_1.DOC
- Houston_431835_1.DOC
Nora - I got your voice mail & will try to call you soon - I'm stuck on a 
conference call.  I tend to agree with you - this seems to me to be contrary 
to our policy.  On the other hand, it also sounds like a request we would 
want to make if we were on the other side.
Nora Dobin@
01/11/2001 10:06 AM
Mark, what are your thoughts on attached from EOL perspective?  Envera's 
proposal is inconsistent with Enron legal policy on punitive, consequential, 
lost profit type damages.  Please let me know your thoughts.  Thanks, NJD
Nora J. Dobin
Senior Counsel
Enron Global Finance
Enron Corp.
1400 Smith Street
Houston, Texas  77002
713/345-7723 (phone)
713/853-9252 (fax)
E-mail:  nora.dobin@
"Harvey, Dean"  	01/11/01 09:56 AM
Envera still has an issue with the indemnity offered under the Linking
Agreements.  As we discussed in our conference yesterday, Envera cannot
permit DealBench or EnronOnline to disclaim consequential damages that may
be payable to a plaintiff in a trademark infringement action.  Envera is not
seeking to recover Envera's own lost profits or consequential damages, just
those that Envera must pay to a plaintiff in an infringement action.
Envera's request is that a statement be added to the indemnity section
clarifying that any damages awarded in a final judgment or paid in
settlement of an infringement claim be deemed "direct" damages.  Dean stated
in yesterday's e-mail that DealBench, as a matter of policy, does not agree
to such requests.
After some discussion among Envera business people, Envera is uncomfortable
with the position taken by DealBench and Enron on this issue.  If DealBench
and Enron are not prepared to stand behind the trademarks that they so
vigorously protect in the Linking Agreements, then Envera is not prepared to
shoulder the risk that Envera would be required come out of pocket for a
plaintiff's lost profits.  Envera is not able to control the risk that
EnronOnline and DealBench have chosen infringing trademarks, other than by
not establishing the links at all.
If the concern of DealBench and EnronOnline is that they could be required
to pay punitive damages that arise from Envera's misuse of the trademarks,
this eventuality is already covered in the indemnity provision.  Neither
party is required to indemnify Envera for infringement claims based upon any
use of the marks not expressly authorized under the Linking Agreements.
I have attached drafts of the two Linking Agreements, marked to show the
language that Envera would like added to Section 4(c).  Please review the
proposed changes and let me know whether they are acceptable to DealBench
and EnronOnline.  If not, Envera will need to consider whether it will even
establish the links.
,
Jonathan
Jonathan R. Pond
HUNTON & WILLIAMS
Riverfront Plaza, East Tower
951 E. Byrd Street
Richmond, Virginia 23219
DIRECT DIAL:  804 * 788 * 8598
FAX: 804 * 788 * 8218
MOBILE:  804 * 647 * 7871
EMAIL: jpond@hunton.com
This message is confidential and subject to the attorney-client privilege.
If you have received it in error, please notify the sender by return e-mail
and destroy the message and any attachments.
Agreement - H&W.doc>>
++++++  - 11 Jan DealBench Linking Agreement - H&W.doc
- 11 Jan EOL Linking Agreement - H&W.doc
Sorry Andrea - I just tried to open this and it turns out to be the Spanish 
version.
Andrea Calo@
01/11/2001 01:53 PM
Please find attached the indemnity agreement I mentioned during our last 
call. It was already sent to outside counsel for commments.
,
Andrea
Thanks for the update - the fax came in and was delivered to Jeff Hodge by 
mistake - I'll leave it at your desk.
Holly Keiser@_DEVELOPMENT
01/12/2001 04:53 PM
Mark:
I called the State Bar of Texas to reconfirm the hours shown on your 
statement.  I was told you were in total compliance for 2000.  The Bar will 
be sending me an updated fax confirming that information.
Thanks!
Holly 
Have a good weekend and holiday!
There will need to be confirmation templates for the internet-generated 
transactions that are slightly different from templates now used for 
telephone-generated transactions - Legal will have to give the confirm desk 
the necessary language.  This is not the GTC issue you and I discussed the 
other day - rather, I think the question is How will the internet-generated 
trade information reach the confirm desk and how will they know to use the 
internet trading language in the confirm they generate?
Circular
I have met w/ Mark Taylor and submitted all US based GTC / masters agreement 
regarding the above note.  As you are aware, these legal agreements are part 
of the confirm process.  Mark will be requesting outside counsel to make 
recommendations.
Dave
David Port
06/24/99 03:04 AM
Easy: Yes
I know this came up early on in the proceedings - I'll make sure its still on 
someone's radar.
Louise Kitchen
24/06/99 01:45
On our confirmations (which are spat out of the systems) we often say the 
transaction as agreed over phone - should we be altering these.  Are we 
already doing this?
Here are some early drafts I worked on.
Mark Taylor
12/11/2000 09:58 AM
These look OK to me.
Andrew Wilson@
12/08/2000 11:11 AM
Mark,
I have revised the financial swap term sheets that you reviewed several weeks 
ago. Could you have a look at these new versions and see if they meet your 
approval? They are for the Originators to use as a basis for their 
discussions with potential counterparties and are not meant to be binding 
documents. Thank you.
--Andrew
Re: assistant searches, I think you would be well advised to coordinate 
closely with Janette Elbertson.
I have a conflict with the Friday morning call this week.  Any chance you 
will be covering it?  I know you guys are busy this week 
I'll let you know when I figure out what our Firm ID and Password are.
"ISDA"  	01/12/2001 09:11 PM
Please respond to cgreasley
January 12, 2001
MEMORANDUM TO PRIMARY / LEGAL OPINION CONTACTS
Netting Opinions
The legal opinion updates discussing the enforceability of the termination,
bilateral close-out netting and multibranch close-out netting provisions of
the 1987 and 1992 ISDA Master Agreements for twenty-nine jurisdictions are
now available in electronic format from the ISDA web site.   Legal opinion
updates from Bermuda, Canada, Germany, Indonesia, Italy, and The Netherlands
Antilles are expected shortly.
Collateral Opinions
Collateral opinions commissioned for Canada and Indonesia will be released
on the ISDA web site next week.
Last month each primary contact was sent a Firm ID and Password to allow
each access to electronic ISDA documentation.  The Firm ID and Password
would be required to access the legal opinion updates as well. ISDA provides
its legal opinions in electronic format to allow ISDA members to access the
opinions more readily and easily.  However, printed copies of the opinions
will be made available upon request.
Please click on the following link to access the legal opinions in PDF file
format from the ISDA web site
A free copy of Adobe Acrobat
Reader, which launches the PDF file format program, can be obtained from the
following Adobe web site:
Please note that these legal opinion updates will be available on the ISDA
web site for two weeks only.   The legal opinion updates will be removed
from the web site at the end of January.
Members are reminded that the ISDA legal opinions are intended for use by
ISDA members only.
ISDA is aware that providing these opinions is among the most important of
its member services.  If you encounter any problems accessing the legal
opinions or if you have any questions regarding the content or the process
of collecting and reviewing the opinions, please contact the ISDA office by
email at isda@isda.org by telephone on 212 332 1200.
Robert Pickel
General Counsel
I just heard that there is a farewell party for Rainer on Friday afternoon don't know any details.
Ohmygawd!  An e-mail message from Hal!  Now I know we really ARE in the 21st 
century.
I also get to Key West on the 24th and will be there until the 28th and don't 
need a place to stay because I will be at the conference hotel.  Ted will get 
there Friday eve.  I have meetings during the days Thursday & Friday and Sat. 
morning; dinner on Friday is also a scheduled event for me.  Otherwise I 
don't think we have specific plans.  Looking forward to it!
Mark
Amos Pettingill  	01/17/2001 03:48 PM
Please respond to 16718163-16210086
Dear MARK
January is the month for both taking stock and looking forward. If one of 
your gardening resolutions is to make your landscape more interesting for a 
longer season, you may enjoy the new issue of A Year in the Garden, our 
electronic newsletter, now available online, at 
We offer suggestions for perennials, shrubs, and trees whose long-lasting 
seedheads, brilliant berries, or colorful bark can brighten your garden, and 
your mood, next winter.
Of course, if you're looking for ideas to enhance your garden from April to 
October, we have those plants, too. The offerings in our Spring 2001 
catalogue -- perennials, annuals, bulbs, Roses, vines, and shrubs -- are 
available now on our Web site. You'll also find a host of new plants 
available Only on the Web! 
We look forward to serving you. If you decide to order, please reference 
email code 11851 when prompted at checkout.
5CI
Sounds good to me - let's say dinner on Thursday and then either lunch or 
dinner - your choice - including Ted on Saturday.  We have no plans at all so 
far so we're flexible.
Mark
Tana has pointed out that Net Works does not have a policy (at least not one 
we have heard of) regarding the handling of original contract documentation 
after it is executed.  There is not an Enron-wide policy but instead a 
patch-work of policies created by the operating units.  Tana and I would be 
happy to discuss this with you - or whoever you want to designate - and make 
suggestions if you don't already have a plan in mind.
Greg Piper@
01/17/2001 11:04 AM
What we need to accomplish in the next few days:
Dave Forster and Mark Palmer will develop and finalize the demo that will be 
used for pitching the sale.  Dave and Mark will create two demos, one which 
shows how Enron uses the tools/system(s) and two, a demo on how a company 
such as Carghill would use the tools in a private application.  This will all 
then be set up so it can be shown on the road or in house to clients.  Dave 
and Mark have started this work today.
Mark Taylor will work the following two legal issues in parallel:  First, 
find outside council that will be able to help with the internal audit of all 
legal contracts associated with EOL as well as be able to assist in legal 
matters associated with the due diligence and assist in contract work 
associated with the actual sale in the future.  The legal audit must be 
prepared and completed by early next week so we can keep our planned visit 
with i2 late next week and feel comfortable that we can sell we are proposing 
to sell from a legal standpoint.
Jay will complete the technical audit and write up his conclusions (or Kevin).
Rex and Greg will continue to refine the list of potential clients and the 
appropriate contacts on the list.  Any suggestions on how to make sure we 
have the right names, etc. just send them in to Rex.
Rex will also refine the actual presentation to be used in the pitch and get 
a copy to Louise in the next day or two so she can review the content of it.
We will also need t o have a separate timeline/calendar that shows who we are 
seeing when, etc.
Any other thoughts or issues from the team?
GP
I see what you mean - the GTC's get attached to the confirms when they are 
sent out so the confirm desk needs to know which ones to attach if they are 
different.
That is correct,  but the possible GTC amendments will be part of the daily 
confirmation process.
Dave
There will need to be confirmation templates for the internet-generated 
transactions that are slightly different from templates now used for 
telephone-generated transactions - Legal will have to give the confirm desk 
the necessary language.  This is not the GTC issue you and I discussed the 
other day - rather, I think the question is How will the internet-generated 
trade information reach the confirm desk and how will they know to use the 
internet trading language in the confirm they generate?
Circular
I have met w/ Mark Taylor and submitted all US based GTC / masters agreement 
regarding the above note.  As you are aware, these legal agreements are part 
of the confirm process.  Mark will be requesting outside counsel to make 
recommendations.
Dave
David Port
06/24/99 03:04 AM
Easy: Yes
I know this came up early on in the proceedings - I'll make sure its still on 
someone's radar.
Louise Kitchen
24/06/99 01:45
On our confirmations (which are spat out of the systems) we often say the 
transaction as agreed over phone - should we be altering these.  Are we 
already doing this?
Linda said she had an extra room booked - do I need to call the hotel 
directly or work through Linda?
"Andrea Williams"  	01/18/2001 05:50 PM
Linda Hayman asked me to email you the following.
The cost for rooms at Keswick Hall are as follows:
$495.00 - Suite (+ tax)
$395.00 - Room (+ tax)
Cancellation policy:  14 days prior.  When rooms or suites are reserved the 
hotel automatically charge for 1 night + tax.
Further information about the firm, a list of the Partners and their 
professional qualifications will be provided upon request.
Peter
Welcome to Enron!  I usually get to the London office a couple of times a 
year and will look forward to meeting you there.  If not, hopefully we'll see 
you at the Law Conference in the Spring.
Most of your e-mail is well outside my area of expertise.  Are you consulting 
me regarding the regulatory issues and section 10.2?  If so, it would help if 
you told me what 10.2 says 
Feel free to give me a call if you'd like to discuss.
Mark
Peter Traung@
01/18/2001 01:51 PM
Mark, I'm a new lawyer at Enron Europe, working with Mary Nell on the 
broadband team.  Robbi and I have had the below email coorespondence, and 
Robbi suggested that I check with you.  Any thoughts?
Peter Traung
18/01/2001 08:18
Robbi, I assumed that to be the way it would work, which seems to require 
that total non-performance is viewed as an SLA failure, presumably then in 
the form of Unavailability - if no seconds are delivered at all, then 
Unavailable Seconds certainly exceed any normal threshold - resulting in 
Credits.  But I was not able to access the actual definition of Unavailable 
Seconds thru the www.ansi.org website, but someone here should have them There would then also be a cut-off date, beyond which Buyer would not have to 
be satisfied with only receiving Credits, when the Unavailable Seconds exceed 
the threshold determined for Product Termination Event thus enabling Buyer to 
terminate 
But would not this construction become a bit strained if the ANSI standard 
refers to seconds that are unavailable in an otherwise up and running 
connection (as the reference to path performance monitoring may suggest 
When you prepared the document, did you consider explicitly dealing with 
total non-performance (for example, by explicitly stating, for the sake of 
clarification, that Unavailable Seconds shall also include the case where no 
seconds are delivered at all 
I understand that 10.2 (ii) is based on US regulatory requirements.  Are 
there any other sections that are solely based on such requirements?
Robbi Rossi@MUNICATIONS
17/01/2001 21:46
Peter,
In response to your voice message, if our supplier fails to deliver on 
time, we are entitled to collect liquidated damages from such supplier.  If 
we have resold the circuit and are unable to deliver to our customer because 
of the failure of our supplier, we in turn will have to pay our customer 
liquidated damages for late delivery.  This is why it is so important to 
"back to back" the trades to the extent possible.  Please let me know if you 
have any other questions.  Hang in there!
Robbi Rossi
Sr. Counsel
Enron Broadband Services
Phone:  (713) 345-7268
Fax:  (713) 646-8537
Hey Jim,
Thanks for the note.  Nothing much new to report here.  Ted was in South 
Beach last weekend but came home a day early to work.  He's still trying to 
talk me into buying a new car which I would like to do but can't figure out 
what I really want.  I'm speaking at a conference in Key West next week and 
will stay through the weekend - I think it's the only place left on the 
continent that's warm.  Nothing like Zurich here but it's been in the 40's 
and rainy - seems like forever since I've been fully warm through.
Let us know when you find a place to live
Mark
Tana Jones
01/18/2001 06:40 PM
Attached is what I hope is a pretty complete list of the EnronOnline 
contracts I have been made aware of.  There are a few I have open questions 
about  or am waiting to receive copies of the contract.  Can each of you 
please take a look and think about whether there are any others we may be 
missing.  Again, my time frame is short here, so if I can get your response 
promptly I would be most appreciative.
try userid EOL67313 password WELCOME!
Hal
I hope you have access to e-mail in KW.  I'm down with the flu so we won't be 
able to make it.  I was really looking forward to this for a number of 
reasons - including the chance to get together with you.  I didn't have your 
phone number or e-mail address at home so I had a friend drop my work 
computer off on his way home tonight.  I've left a message for Don at home sorry about late notice.
Mark
shouldn't the people who need filing cabinets order them for themselves?
Taffy Milligan
01/18/2001 09:37 AM
Should we go ahead and order?  1 for Ned Crady and 1 for Coralina Rivera.
Alex Arriaga
01/18/2001 08:26 AM
Taffy,
We do not have any more 5- drawer file cabinets instock. The one we do have 
is broken. We can hold on to your info. until one becomes available,or you 
can purchase new with Reggie Wilson.
Please advise,
Alex
Enron Property & Services Corp.
alex, the only one we have here is borken???? do you want us to send 
yesterday, you told us not to worry?? linda
Alex Arriaga
01/18/2001 07:50 AM
Linda,
Please ship ship 2- 5 dr. pumice f/c to eb 3860-a and eb 3861 today!
Thanks,
Alex
You are set to move as soon as the current construction phase is completed we hope that will be by March 1.
In case you need to know 	Louise Kitchen
01/22/2001 03:05 PM
Alan Sommer, Mike Patrick and Bruce Garner have now left Enron Net Works Alan has joined Rick Causey's group to run the SAP function and Bruce has 
moved into EIM to run their European Operations.  Mike Patrick has moved to 
work for Wes Colwell in Enron Wholesale's accounting group.
Bruce's European group  will report up under Andy and his Houston group will 
report up under Greg.
Kerry Roper, as you know, has already joined to replace Mike.
We wish them all the best in their new roles and apologies if I have not 
included exactly the right titles for those of you moving on.
Louise
I may have missed it, but a VERY quick look at CNN's site showed no reports 
of computer virus activity since November.
"Taylor, Timothy G Mr HJF"  	01/26/2001 03:42 PM
Before sending this (or the "No Cure for this Virus") to anyone else, let me
check it out.
I'm suspect of any email - even a warning - that recommends you send it to
absolutely everyone you know.  I've forwarded it to one place, the
anti-virus people here at work.  If they're real (the viruses that is), the
tech'ies will know about them, or will know who to ask.
Hope all is well with everyone.
Tim
 > > Subject: A new virus has just been discovered
that has been classified
 by Microsoft ( www.microsoft.com <   ) and
by McAfee (www.mcafee.com <   ) as the
most destructive ever!
 > > This virus was discovered yesterday afternoon
by McAfee and no vaccine
has yet been developed. This virus simply destroys Sector Zero from the hard
disk, where vital information for its functioning are stored.
This virus acts in the following manner:
 > > It sends itself automatically to all contacts
on your list with the
title
 > > "A Virtual Card for You".
 > > As soon as the supposed virtual card is
opened, the computer freezes
so that the user has to reboot.
 > > When the ctrl+alt+del keys or the reset button
are pressed, the virus
 > > destroys Sector Zero, thus permanently
destroying the hard disk.
 > > Yesterday in just a few hours this virus
caused panic in New York,
 > > according to news broadcast by CNN
(www.cnn.com     > > > This alert was received by an employee of
Microsoft itself. So don't
 open
 > > any mail with subject
 > > "A Virtual Card for You".
 > > As soon as you get the mail, delete it.
 > > Please pass on this mail to everyone you know.
Very good question - while you don't need to worry about otc swaps, otc 
options might be a problem.  However, if the customer is not a US entity, the 
advice is all given outside the US and does not relate to US futures or 
options, we feel reasonably comfortable that the risk is quite low that there 
would be a problem.
Martin Rosell
06/24/99 10:08 AM
Thanks for the response.  Does the term "futures contract" also include 
bilateral swaps (or it restricted to exchange-traded futures) and will it 
make any difference if the couterparty/customer is a non-US entity?!
Martin
Mark - ECT Legal Taylor
24/06/99 16:53
I think the answers will be the same for Stockholm - i.e. as long as we are 
not giving advice with respect to futures contracts (valuations or trading 
advice) or handling customer funds there should not be any Commodity Exchange 
Act issues.
Martin Rosell
06/14/99 09:08 AM
Mark, the business people posted at ECTRIC's office in Stockholm want to 
offer a Swedish forestry group portfolio management services and advisory 
services.  With reference to our previous conversations on the subject below, 
do you think that this may entail problems under US securities laws?!
Martin
Martin Rosell
28/04/99 16:05
Mark:
Did you have any luck with your New York law firm contact.   The other party 
has accepted the contents of the contract and wish to sign on Tuesday next 
week, why it's a bit urgent to flag any US securities law implications 
associated with the relevant transaction.
Martin
Not sure why you weren't on this distribution 	Mark Holsworth@
01/26/2001 09:24 AM
Please find attached a red-lined version of the Asset Purchase Agreement Please forward any other comments to me for inclusion before I send this to 
ECO's attorneys.  Tommy please pay particular attention to the Excluded 
Assets section which Ed and I added software that we understood comprised all 
of the third party software.  Also, we have two other questions that we need 
for you to clarify.
Can you follow up with Anthony Dayao?
Greg Piper@
01/29/2001 08:15 AM
Rex Shelby or Greg Piper.  Just make sure the Enron attorney has initialed by 
the place where Rex or Greg would sign.
GP
I have a fax copy of the signed NDA from Itochu.  I am awaiting the paper 
versions.
Who should sign for Net Works?  I'll need the person's fax #.  We can 
exchange fax versions before
having the originals.
,
--anthony
Kent Nagata  	2001/01/29 14:05
Anthony-san,
Today our legal department confirmed the contents of NDA finally.
Therefore we sent a fax to you at first.
And also, we sent a couple of NDAs by mail.
Please send us back one of NDAs signed by you by return.
Thanks and 
PS) Now I am summarizing questionnaire about Clickpaper.
Thank you for your cooperation.
Kent Nagata
Itochu Corporation
E-mail:kent-n@mue.biglobe.ne.jp
Tel:03-3497-6391
I should be down for sick time for Mon. through Thurs. last week.
Holly Keiser@_DEVELOPMENT
01/29/2001 07:46 AM
Reminder 
Timesheets are due on Wednesday.  Please forward me your exceptions for this 
pay period.
Thanks!
Holly
x57893
Carlos Alatorre@
01/29/2001 10:46 AM
Mark,
Following our meeting, please find attached a very preliminary guideline for 
the 3rd party Pipelines contract. Also, I am attaching a document, which 
describes the charge structure. As Dave mentioned the numbers shown are not 
final.
We will be working on a detailed description of the scope of services, as 
soon as we have it we will send it to you.
Please let us know if you have any questions
Thanks
Carlos
Works for me.
Lisa Yoho@
01/29/2001 01:32 PM
Does 4 central work for everyone for a conference call tomorrow with Ken 
In case the Four Seasons doesn't work out, there are two other hotels 
downtown you might consider:  The Stephen F. Austin (an Intercontinental I 
think) and the Driskill.  Both are old (by U.S. standards) hotels that have 
been updated.  For several years after its renovation the Driskill was the 
nicest place in town - then came the Four Seasons.  The Stephen F. Austin was 
just completely redone a year or so ago - I haven't been inside but I hear 
they did a nice job.  Both are primarily business hotels so they may have 
good weekend rates 
Sounds good to me.
Lisa Yoho@
01/29/2001 02:31 PM
I have scheduled a conference call with Ken for 4:00 central tomorrow 
afternoon.  Should I come down to your offices, and we can call Ken?
Still available?
Janette Elbertson
01/30/2001 09:11 AM
Mark Haedicke has four tickets to the Rockets game tonight.  These will be 
given away on a first-come, first-served basis.  Please reply by e-mail.
Thanks.
Janette Elbertson
FYI
"Johns, Elizabeth"  	01/30/2001 09:09 AM
As growth in bandwidth trading continues to explode,
Dow Jones is introducing a weekly newsletter, Dow Jones
Bandwidth Intelligence Alert, to keep you on top of the
companies, trading activity and issues shaping the
nascent broadband market.
You're invited to receive a free copy of
Dow Jones Bandwidth Intelligence Alert, with no
obligation.  All you have to do is choose fax or e-mail.
Dow Jones Bandwidth Intelligence Alert is designed to
keep traders, consultants, legal advisers, information
gatherers, and investors apprised of developments in the
bandwidth market. Every Monday the newsletter delivers:
* Bandwidth Beat - a weekly column by Michael Rieke,
Dow Jones Newswires' Houston Bureau Chief, who has
covered the broadband market since its inception
* Bandwidth Market - a close look at recent trades
* Bandwidth Capacity Spot Forward Prices - for the New
York to Los Angeles and New York to Washington
routes, a Dow Jones exclusive
* Coverage of companies, major players and trends in
the developing bandwidth market
Dow Jones has been covering the bandwidth industry longer
than any other news organization and we look forward to
keeping you informed of developments in this exciting
new market.
For a free sample, with no obligation, contact:
Carlos Mesa
carlos.mesa@dowjones.com
Lou Stoler
01/30/2001 11:18 AM
"Robert Stephens"  	01/29/2001 06:13 PM
Attached is a draft of the Schedule to the ISDA.  As representatives of 
Enron, including the Enron lawyers ultimately responsible for the preparation 
of the Schedule, have not yet had the chance to review the foregoing it 
remains subject to their further comments.
- #1249108 v2 - ISDA SCHEDULE - METALS.doc
Looks good to me!
Lou Stoler
01/30/2001 11:18 AM
"Robert Stephens"  	01/29/2001 06:13 PM
Attached is a draft of the Schedule to the ISDA.  As representatives of 
Enron, including the Enron lawyers ultimately responsible for the preparation 
of the Schedule, have not yet had the chance to review the foregoing it 
remains subject to their further comments.
- #1249108 v2 - ISDA SCHEDULE - METALS.doc
FYI
Stacy Carey  	01/31/2001 05:02 PM
Attached is Grassley's press release in case you have not yet seen it.
For Immediate Release
Tuesday, Jan. 31, 2001
Grassley Continues Effort to Overhaul Bankruptcy System
WASHINGTON - Sen. Chuck Grassley introduced legislation last night to
overhaul the nation's bankruptcy system.
The bill he introduced - S.220 - is identical to the final conference report
approved last year by the Senate and House of Representatives but
pocket-vetoed by President Clinton.
Grassley said that he looks forward to Senate action on the measure which
had veto-proof support last year. Senators voted 70-28 for the final
package, and the House gave the conference report unanimous approval in
December. Rep. George Gekas is expected to reintroduce the legislation in
the House.
The Senate Majority Leader has indicated that the bankruptcy reform bill
could be ready for consideration by the Senate as early as next week.
Grassley said the proposal which he sponsored last year with Sen. Robert
Torricelli of New Jersey "is unfinished business that has strong bipartisan
support in Congress and at the grassroots."
The reform measure is aimed at reducing the number of bankruptcies filed
each year by fixing weaknesses in the code and designing a more balanced,
fair approach for debtors and creditors. The number of bankruptcies have
soared during the last decade despite a historically strong economy. And,
according to a study released late last year, experts are predicting a 15
percent increase in bankruptcies in 2001.
The legislation advanced by Grassley and Gekas also includes permanent
status and an expansion of Chapter 12, which is tailored to help farmers
reorganize debt and stay in the business of farming. It also includes a
patients' bill of rights for residents of nursing homes and hospitals that
declare bankruptcy. Another key provision helps to strengthen the Medicare
Trust Fund by prohibiting the discharge of debts arising from inflated bills
and fraudulent claims.
The legislation reintroduced today reflects the bipartisan, bicameral
agreement reached late last year on the most comprehensive reform of
bankruptcy law since 1978.
Grassley said "reforming the system will be good for consumers and families.
It would bring more fairness for those who work hard to pay their bills.
Every bankruptcy filed puts upward pressure on interest rates, so decreasing
the number is good for people trying to buy a new house or pay for a car.
Reforming the bankruptcy system will help usher in a new era of greater
personal responsibility." The Iowa senator began his effort to reform the
bankruptcy system in 1997, when he held a hearing on the relationship
between credit card debt and consumer bankruptcy.
The bill that resulted addresses the problems caused by irresponsible
consumerism, an aggressive credit industry, lax bankruptcy laws and
lawyer-run bankruptcy mills. It sets up a flexible formula for bankruptcy
judges to channel those with repayment capacity to Chapter 13. Currently,
the overwhelming majority of debtors file under Chapter 7, which effectively
wipes away their debts. Only about one-third of debtors opt to file under
Chapter 13, which requires some repayment plan to reimburse creditors.
The measure also seeks to improve the bankruptcy system for consumers by
promoting credit counseling services and educational courses for debtors
prior to filing a bankruptcy petition. The plan strengthens enforcement and
penalties against coercive tactics by creditors. It penalizes creditors who
seek a double-payment and establishes tough penalties for creditors who use
threats to coerce debtors into voluntarily agreeing to pay a debt which
could be wiped away in bankruptcy.
The legislation will minimize court dockets and keep costs down. It promotes
the alternative dispute resolution process by saying that if someone in
financial trouble tries in good faith to work out a reasonable repayment
plan, but a creditor rejects this, then the ability of the creditor to
collect in bankruptcy will be sharply curtailed.
The bill also would make Chapter 12 for farmers a permanent part of the
bankruptcy code. The package strengthens this tool for farmers by making an
increased number of farmers eligible for Chapter 12 protections and making
the federal government last on the list of creditors when a farmer sells
farm assets during reorganization. Changing the treatment of capital gains
taxes under Chapter 12 would give farmers greater flexibility in
reorganizing their financial affairs.
Finally, the reform proposal includes:
- a provision to protect quality of care for patients - especially nursing
home residents - when a health care provider is in bankruptcy. Current law
does not guarantee the well-being of patients in a bankruptcy case. Two
years ago, residents of a California nursing home were literally evicted
onto the street by a bankruptcy trustee.
- a provision setting new requirements for credit card companies and protect
consumers. These provisions reflect some of the most significant
pro-consumer legislation considered by the Senate in a decade. Under the
measure, creditors are required to display prominently a minimum payment
warning on every credit card statement. This feature would include a
toll-free number for credit card holders to learn how many months it would
take to repay a certain balance with minimum monthly payments. It also
requires credit card solicitations to disclose when a low introductory rate
ends and what the subsequent rate will be. And, it requires credit card
solicitations via the Internet to comply with the Truth in Lending Act.
- unprecedented new protections for child support claimants. The reform bill
allows claimants to access otherwise off-limits property and has the support
of key child support advocates.
- limits on the ability of individuals to protect assets by purchasing an
expensive home. Right now, there are no limits on the value of a homestead
that is off-limits to creditors. Although the General Accounting Office
found only scant evidence of systemic abuse of the homestead exemption, the
bankruptcy reform bill includes changes long-advocated by Sen. Herb Kohl of
Wisconsin and Sen. Jeff Sessions of Alabama to put a $100,000 cap on home
equity acquired within two years prior to declaring bankruptcy. The
Kohl-Sessions proposal requires that an individual establish residency for
two years prior to bankruptcy in order to claim the homestead exemption of a
particular state. The bill also allows creditors to seize any home equity
acquired with the intent to delay or hinder collection efforts within seven
years prior to declaring bankruptcy. And it says the home equity built up
applies to the $100,000 cap even if an individual relocates from one state
to another.
Since 1990, the rate of personal bankruptcy filings has increased almost 100
percent. Since 1980, the number of Americans declaring bankruptcy has
exploded from 331,264 to just under 1.4 million last year. Filings began to
increase dramatically after 1985, despite the strong economy.
-30-
Home| Constituent Services| Grassley News |
Legislative Information|
Kids' Stuff| Biography / In Action
I'm very flexible on who comes along - no views at all on that score.  It 
would help to know the number and cabin sharing arrangement ahead of time so 
we can book the correct size boat.  You can always change the amount of 
groceries but at some point all the boats will be reserved.
I called Keswick last week and gave them my credit card number for the extra 
room - it looks great from the website.  Will you be golfing or should we 
make massage appointments?  Now that I think about it, I'm not sure which 
days we have reserved - another alternative might be to stay near DC on the 
day we get back from sailing (Inn at Little Washington?).  My guess is it's 
an all day affair getting from a little island to DC so we may get in pretty 
late.
Tell Amanda I said Hi!
=09Sally Beck
=0901/25/2001 05:31 PM
=09=09=20
On January 12, I hosted a brainstorming session at the Four Seasons hotel in=20
downtown Houston in which we assembled a number of ideas regarding mid and=20
back office services we could offer to the commodity industry.  To complete a=20
plan for launching this strategic commercial venture, we are hosting an=20
integrated design session facilitated by Cap Gemini Ernst & Young (CGEY) at=20
their Accelerated Solutions Environment in Dallas, Texas. =20
I am personally extending an invitation to you to participate in this design=20
session.  This is a critical two-day event to be held February 12th and 13th=20
in Dallas, Texas.   This work session is based on a unique approach called a=20
DesignShop=01v.  It is a very focused, activity-driven event that is composed of=20
various modules and exercises performed in small and large groups. If you=20
have not attended one of the DesignShops related to SAP, you will likely=20
regard this session as different from any working session you have previously=20
experienced. The prior DesignShops held in conjunction with SAP have proven=20
to be very successful.  Therefore, we have elected to utilize this same=20
methodology on this very critical and strategic venture.
A limited number of representatives from Enron will be attending.  You were=20
selected to be one of approximately 30 key individuals to participate in the=20
DesignShop. You are being asked to participate in the full two days with as=20
little distraction or interruption as possible.  The quality of our results=20
depends on each participant being fully engaged and participative for the=20
entire event.   Additionally, you will be relied on in the future to support=20
and communicate our commercial strategy as it is defined at this session. =20
This date was specifically selected to avoid critical operational periods so=20
that your participation can be maximized. Therefore, please make all=20
necessary arrangements at the office to minimize your distractions during=20
these two days.
Please review the attached information regarding hotel, flight information,=20
and transportation.  Preliminary information as to schedule and environment=20
has also been included.  You may direct any additional questions concerning=20
the event to Mary Solmonson at (713)-853-6079.
I hope that you will be able to participate.  Please confirm your attendance=20
for the two days with Marvia Jefferson at 713-853-9165 by January 29th 5:00=20
p.m.  If you are unable to attend, it may be appropriate to select someone=20
else to participate.  Please do not extend an invitation to anyone else to=20
take your place until you and I have discussed this.
I thank you in advance for your participation and look forward to seeing you=20
in Dallas!
Very funny - although I have to say I thought yours was the least humorous of 
the bunch.
Ted Bockius  	02/01/2001 06:04 PM
- HoustonChronicle.com.url
Fred - Here is a draft NDA - you will need to fill in the address for the 
customer.
Fred Philipson/ENRON@Xgate
02/02/2001 11:55 AM
Per my voice mail
Hi Tana,
We are going to talk with a company with the legal name
The Patent & License Exchange, Inc. 
about the possibility of 
? adding some of Enron's tools (DealBench) to their site's functionality
? creating new tools for their site
? writing derivative instruments based on their site's patent inventory 
? securitizing patents
Can you please forward an NDA today?
Thanks!
Fred Philipson
5-9323
Contact:
Toni L. Griffin
Vice President of Corporate Communications
212.716.3975=20
For Immediate Release=20
AMERICAN ARBITRATION ASSOCIATION ELECTS NEW MEMBERS TO BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND=20
EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE=20
NEW YORK, May 2, 2000 -- Thirteen distinguished business, legal and dispute=20
resolution professionals were elected to the Board of Directors of the=20
American Arbitration Association at its annual meeting held April 27 in New=20
York, according to William K. Slate II, president and chief executive officer=20
of the Association.=20
In addition, four current board members were elected to serve on the=20
Executive Committee of the Board of Directors. Jerry M. Hunter, Esq., Bryan=20
Cave LLP; Richard K. Jeydel, Senior Vice President, Secretary and General=20
Counsel, Kanematsu USA Inc.; Richard W. Page, Esq., The Page Firm; and Mark=20
A. Roesler, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, CMG Worldwide, Inc.=20
The newly elected members of the board are: George F. Becker, President,=20
United Steelworkers of America, AFL-CIO, CLC; John Beechey, Esq., Clifford=20
Chance LLP; Jose M. de Lasa, Senior Vice President, Secretary and General=20
Counsel, Abbott Laboratories; Robert A. Georgine, Chairman, President and=20
CEO, The Union Labor Life Insurance Company (ULLICO); Gilberto Giusti, Esq.,=20
Pinheiro Neto-Advogados; Olivia F. Kirtley, CPA, Vice President, Vermont=20
American Corporation; Angel Mu=0Foz-Noya, Esq., Lespier & Mu=0Foz-Noya; Dr. Joan=20
Parker, labor-management and employment arbitrator; Dr. Alejandro Ponieman,=20
Asociacion Interamericana de Mediacion Centro Para la Resolucion de=20
Conflictos; Dennis Rivera, President, 1199 SEIU New York's Health & Human=20
Service Union, AFL-CIO; Juan Rodriguez, Legal Advisor, BP Amoco p.l.c.;=20
Professor Theodore J. St. Antoine, James E. and Sarah A. Degan Professor=20
Emeritus of Law, University of Michigan Law School; and Timothy J. Sullivan,=20
President, the College of William and Mary.=20
The leader in conflict management since 1926, the American Arbitration=20
Association is a not-for-profit, public service organization dedicated to the=20
resolution of disputes through the use of arbitration, mediation,=20
conciliation, negotiation, democratic elections, and other voluntary=20
procedures. In 1999, more than 140,000 cases were filed with the American=20
Arbitration Association in a full range of matters including commercial=20
finance, construction, labor and employment, environmental, health care,=20
insurance, real estate and securities disputes. Through 37 offices in the=20
United States and cooperative agreements with arbitral institutions in 38=20
other countries, the AAA provides a forum for the hearing of disputes, rules=20
and procedures and a roster of impartial experts to hear and resolve cases.
Board of Directors=20
Sara Adler, Esq. *|**=20
Law Office of Sara Adler=20
Howard J. Aibel, Esq LeBoeuf, Lamb, Greene & MacRae, L.L.P.=20
C. Mark Baker, Esq.
Fulbright & Jaworski L.L.P.=20
William B. Baker *
Vice President, Emeritus
University of California=20
William L.D. Barrett, Esq Hollyer Brady Smith Troxell Barrett Rockett Hines & Mone LLP=20
William L. Bergan, Esq.
Bond, Schoeneck & King, LLP=20
Hon. Nicholas J. Bua
Burke, Weaver, Prell, Holland & Knight=20
Christine W.S. Byrd, Esq.
Irell & Manella LLP=20
Don Cameron
Executive Director
National Education Association=20
Joe F. Canterbury, Jr., Esq.
Canterbury, Stuber, Elder, Gooch & Surratt, P.C.=20
James H. Carter, Esq Sullivan & Cromwell=20
Gilbert F. Casellas
President and Chief Operating Officer
The Swarthmore Group=20
Louis L.C. Chang, Esq.
Kuniyuki & Chang=20
Richard Chernick, Esq.=20
Zela G. Claiborne, Esq.=20
Theodore J. Collins
Senior Vice President
Law & Contracts
The Boeing Company=20
Peter D. Collisson, Esq.=20
Robert Coulson +|++=20
Scott A. Crozier, Esq.
Senior Vice President and General Counsel
PETsMART, Inc.=20
Edward S.G. Dennis, Jr., Esq.
Morgan, Lewis & Bockius LLP=20
Roger L. Desjadon
Chief Operating Officer
Prudential Property & Casualty Insurance Company=20
J. Richard Devlin
Executive Vice President
General Counsel and External Affairs
Sprint=20
Deborah Enix-Ross
Senior Legal Officer
WIPO Arbitration and Mediation Center
World Intellectual Property Organization=20
John D. Feerick Dean
Fordham University Law School=20
Sandra Feldman
President
American Federation of Teachers, AFL=01)CIO=20
Linda K. Foley
President
The Newspaper Guild=01)CWA=20
George S. Frazza, Esq.
Of Counsel
Patterson, Belknap, Webb & Tyler LLP=20
Robert E. Garber
Executive Vice President and General Counsel
AXA Financial, Inc.=20
Hon. Joyce J. George
Emeritus=20
Hon. John J. Gibbons
Gibbons, Del Deo, Dolan, Griffinger & Vecchione=20
Reynaldo P. Glover
President
TLC =01)LC, Inc.=20
James P. Groton, Esq.
Sutherland Asbill & Brennan LLP=20
Bobby Marzine Harges
Professor
Loyola University
New Orleans, School of Law=20
C. C. Harness, III, Esq.
Harness & Associates, Inc.=20
Conrad K. Harper, Esq Simpson Thacher & Bartlett=20
Sally A. Harpole, Esq.
Deacons Graham & James=20
Norman M. Hinerfeld Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
The Delta Group=20
Kay H. Hodge, Esq.
Stoneman, Chandler & Miller LLP=20
James R. Holbrook, Esq.
Callister Nebeker & McCullough=20
Bud Geo. Holman, Esq Kelley Drye & Warren LLP=20
Hon. Howard M. Holtzmann +|++=20
Judith Richards Hope, Esq.
Paul, Hastings, Janofsky & Walker LLP=20
William K. Hoskins
President
Hoskins & Associates=20
Jane Howard-Martin, Esq Morgan, Lewis & Bockius LLP=20
Jerry M. Hunter, Esq Bryan Cave LLP=20
R. William Ide III Senior Vice President,
General Counsel and Secretary
Monsanto Company=20
Richard K. Jeydel Senior Vice President
Secretary and General Counsel
Kanematsu USA Inc.=20
Joia M. Johnson Vice President and General Counsel
RARE Hospitality International, Inc.=20
Arthur E. Joyce
Senior Counsel =01) Labor and Employment Law
General Electric Company=20
Jeffrey B. Kindler
Executive Vice President and General Counsel
McDonald=01,s Corporation=20
Bernard T. King, Esq.
Blitman & King LLP=20
Edward V. Lahey, Jr General Counsel
Essex Boat Works, Inc.=20
L. Gene Lemon, Esq.=20
Frankie Fook-Lun Leung, Esq.=20
Sanford M. Litvack
Vice Chairman of the Board
The Walt Disney Company=20
Richard S. Lombard, Esq. +|++=20
Carlos E. Loumiet, Esq.
Greenberg Traurig, P.A.=20
Vincent J. Love, C.P.A Partner
Kramer & Love=20
E. Nobles Lowe, Esq. +|++=20
Lewis Maltby
President
National Workrights Institute=20
Siri S. Marshall
Senior Vice President,
Corporate Affairs and General Counsel
General Mills=20
LaBrena Jones Martin
Director
General Counsel
Law and Compliance
RBC Dominion Securities Corporation=20
Kenneth R. Masterson
Executive Vice President
General Counsel and Secretary
FedEx Corporation=20
Maud Mater
Executive Vice President
General Counsel & Secretary
Freddie Mac=20
Hon. Vincent L. McKusick
Pierce Atwood=20
Anne H. McNamara
Senior Vice President & General Counsel
American Airlines, Inc.=20
Paul S. Miller
Executive Vice President and General Counsel
Pfizer Inc.=20
Charles R. Morgan
Executive Vice President and General Counsel
BellSouth Corporation=20
Sara E. Moss
Vice President and General Counsel
Pitney Bowes Inc.=20
Richard E. Mulroy, Esq.=20
Betty Southard Murphy, Esq Baker & Hostetler LLP=20
James J. Myers, Esq.
Gadsby Hannah LLP=20
Lawrence O=01,Donnell, III
Senior Vice President
General Counsel and Secretary
Waste Management, Inc.=20
Martin J.Oppenheimer, Esq.
Proskauer Rose LLP=20
Carlos G. Ortiz
General Counsel
Goya Foods, Inc.=20
Richard W. Page, Esq The Page Firm
Deval L. Patrick
Vice President and General Counsel
Texaco Inc.=20
Roberta Cooper Ramo, Esq.
Modrall, Sperling, Roehl, Harris & Sisk, P.A.=20
Lucy F. Reed, Esq.
Freshfields LLP=20
Carlos M. Rivera-Vicente, Esq.
Cancio, Nadal, Rivera, Diaz & Berrios=20
David W. Rivkin, Esq.
Debevoise & Plimpton=20
C. Kenneth Roberts, Esq.=20
Norman L. Roberts, Esq.=20
Barbara Paul Robinson, Esq.
Debevoise & Plimpton=20
Robert L. Robinson, Esq.=20
Mark A. Roesler Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
CMG Worldwide, Inc.=20
Thomasina V. Rogers, Esq.=20
Landon H. Rowland
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
Kansas City Southern Industries, Inc.=20
Stevan A. Sandberg
Executive Managing Director
Advisory Services Group
Cushman & Wakefield, Inc.=20
Diane K. Schumacher Senior Vice President,
General Counsel and Secretary
Cooper Industries, Inc.=20
Dr. Siegfried Schwung
Associate General Counsel
DaimlerChrysler AG=20
John Scriven
Vice President,
General Counsel and Secretary
The Dow Chemical Company=20
Jerome J. Shestack, Esq.
Wolf, Block, Schorr and Solis-Cohen, LLP=20
Charlie Silvestri=20
Marsha E. Simms, Esq Weil, Gotshal & Manges LLP=20
William K. Slate II President and Chief Executive Officer
American Arbitration Association=20
Janet Maleson Spencer, Esq.=20
Delbert L. Spurlock, Jr.
Executive Vice President and Associate Publisher
New York Daily News=20
Thomas J. Stipanowich
William L. Matthews Professor of Law
University of Kentucky College of Law=20
Donald B. Straus +|++=20
Pamela B. Strobel
Executive Vice President and General Counsel
Commonwealth Edison Company=20
Michael P. Sullivan
President and Chief Executive Officer
International Dairy Queen, Inc.=20
John J. Sweeney
President
American Federation of Labor and Congress of Industrial Organizations=20
Hon. John Charles Thomas Hunton & Williams=20
Robert M. Tobias=20
John M. Townsend, Esq Hughes Hubbard & Reed LLP=20
Richard L. Trumka
Secretary =01) Treasurer
American Federation of Labor and Congress of Industrial Organizations=20
M. Caroline Turner
Senior Vice President and General Counsel
Coors Brewing Company=20
Andrea E. Utecht
Senior Vice President
Secretary & General Counsel
Elf Atochem North America, Inc.=20
Howard D. Venzie, Jr., Esq.
Venzie, Phillips & Warshawer=20
Robert B. von Mehren, Esq.
Retired Partner
Debevoise & Plimpton=20
Richard S. Ward, Esq.=20
Hon. William H. Webster
Milbank, Tweed, Hadley & McCloy LLP=20
Judith Whittaker Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary
Hallmark Cards, Incorporated=20
Donald E. Wightman
National President
Utility Workers Union of America,
AFL=01)CIO=20
Michael S. Wilder
Group Senior Vice President
General Counsel
The Hartford Financial Services Group, Inc.=20
J. Warren Wood, III Vice President
General Counsel & Secretary
The Robert Wood Johnson Foundation=20
Jack J. Woolf=20
Kathryn D. Wriston, Esq. *=20
Max Zimny General Counsel
Union of Needletrades,
Industrial and Textile Employees (UNITE), AFL=01)CIO, CLC=20
* Member of the 1999 Executive Committee
** Member of the 2000 Executive Committee
*** 2000 Executive Committee Nominee
+ Past President or Chairman
++ Honorary Member of the Executive Committee
The EnronOnline team has asked if we can discontinue sending copies of the 
GTC's when EnronOnline transactions are confirmed.  They have suggested a 
sentence be added to the confirmation to the effect that it is subject to the 
GTC's which can be accessed on the website.  Any thoughts?
I don't know why any of my time would be charged in this way.  Maybe if you 
can give me a little more detail I could help.
I would appreciate your comments.  We are reviewing costs following the 
Africa reorg, and in preparation for the QBR.
Thanks!
Ken
Kenneth Horton on 06/23/99 06:13:47 PM
April payroll records show that you charged time to J3025 - Benin (Africa Sean Long's Group).  Would you please confirm whether this is the correct 
project?  If these hours need to be moved to another project, we can make the 
transfer if you provide us with the project code.
Thank you,
Ken
Mary Solmonson
02/06/2001 01:24 PM
By now, you should all have your travel plans finalized.  Please help us in 
planning by providing your itinerary including flights and arrival/departure 
times to Marvia Jefferson if you haven't already done so.  We need this by 
tomorrow morning if possible, so we can finalize all plans for meals and 
transportation.   Please review the attached document for additional details 
on the ASE event including hotel, transportation, and schedule.  Changes from 
the previous communication have been highlighted in blue.
In addition, here are driving directions to and from various places should 
you require them.
Should you have any further questions, please feel free to call either myself 
at x3-6079 or Marvia at x3-9165.
See you in Dallas!
As you are all aware, the legal department has grown significantly over the 
last several months.  While so far we have been able to find places for 
everyone to sit, we have not added significantly to the available file 
cabinet space on the floor.  In fact, a number of file cabinets are now in 
locations where they will not be able to remain due to fire code requirements.
Please review the files you currently have stored outside your own office 
space and, after condensing, archiving and destroying as many as possible, 
give an inventory of your current usage and needs to your group leader.  Once 
we have an accurate picture of our needs, we can come up with a plan to 
allocate the available file cabinet space.  Most if not all of us will have 
to make significant sacrifices and modify our filing practices so that we 
each reduce our file space usage to our fair share 
Sheri L Cromwell
02/06/2001 02:08 PM
Mark,
My mouse is not responding properly (left click), and I need to have it 
replaced.  I would like to order the Intellimouse at a cost of $23.
If this meets with your approval, please forward this message to Janette 
Elbertson.  Thanks!
Company #0413
CC#105657
Sheri L. Cromwell
Sr. Administrative Assistant
Jordan Mintz
01/24/2001 05:00 PM
We have arranged for representatives from tax, accounting, commercial, and 
legal to make presentations relating to the purpose, structure, mechanics, 
etc. associated with the Whitewing/Condor deconsolidated affiliate.  I think 
that the more all of us are "conversant" with that structure, it should 
simplify the legal efforts in closing deals---especially in Q4.  To that end, 
please invite those colleagues of yours that could benefit from this 
presentation and please let my assistant, Darlene Forsyth at x37254 , know 
who will be attending so we can reserve the right size conference room and 
order lunch.
Thanks.
Jordan
Apparently my first attempt wasn't delivered to you guys.  Sorry about that.
Mark Taylor
02/06/2001 02:39 PM
As you are all aware, the legal department has grown significantly over the 
last several months.  While so far we have been able to find places for 
everyone to sit, we have not added significantly to the available file 
cabinet space on the floor.  In fact, a number of file cabinets are now in 
locations where they will not be able to remain due to fire code requirements.
Please review the files you currently have stored outside your own office 
space and, after condensing, archiving and destroying as many as possible, 
give an inventory of your current usage and needs to your group leader.  Once 
we have an accurate picture of our needs, we can come up with a plan to 
allocate the available file cabinet space.  Most if not all of us will have 
to make significant sacrifices and modify our filing practices so that we 
each reduce our file space usage to our fair share 
Sheri -
I'm not sure this is an issue for me.  Aren't you in Lance's group now?
Mark
Sheri L Cromwell
02/06/2001 02:08 PM
Mark,
My mouse is not responding properly (left click), and I need to have it 
replaced.  I would like to order the Intellimouse at a cost of $23.
If this meets with your approval, please forward this message to Janette 
Elbertson.  Thanks!
Company #0413
CC#105657
Sheri L. Cromwell
Sr. Administrative Assistant
Here is another draft from the business guys 	Carl Carter@
02/06/2001 03:38 PM
Mark,
We are still waiting on comments from Dave Forster (he is currently in the 
U.K.), but attached is the draft in its current form. I know that you wanted 
to forward this to the legal team in New York this afternoon.
We will let you know if Dave wants to make any major changes.
Thanks and let us know if you have any questions.
Carl
"Dellacona, Dana (Commodities - NY)"  	01/26/2001 11:11 AM
Mark,
I would like to contact you in order to follow up to your conversation of
last week with Mr. Chuck Cerria regarding executing an ISDA between numerous
Hess entities and numerous Enron entities.  Unfortunately, I do not have
your phone number.  Could you either call me or e mail it to me?
Thanks so much,
Dana Dellacona
212-536-8133
Janette - Can you give us the straight scoop?
Sheri L Cromwell
02/06/2001 05:54 PM
Mark,
I was moved to your CC number  in January, but I'm not sure why since none of 
my assignments are in your group.  Unless something has changed recently, I 
think I'm still under your number.  Should I check with Janette?
sc
Mark Taylor
02/06/2001 05:44 PM
Sheri -
I'm not sure this is an issue for me.  Aren't you in Lance's group now?
Mark
Sheri L Cromwell
02/06/2001 02:08 PM
Mark,
My mouse is not responding properly (left click), and I need to have it 
replaced.  I would like to order the Intellimouse at a cost of $23.
If this meets with your approval, please forward this message to Janette 
Elbertson.  Thanks!
Company #0413
CC#105657
Sheri L. Cromwell
Sr. Administrative Assistant
There is a master agreement in place between ECT and Koch Energy Trading, 
Inc.  I have never heard of Koch Carbon.  My immediate concern is as to the 
Enron entity.  It is not clear to me why Peter thinks this trade is between 
ECT and a Koch entity since he does not have authority to bind ECT 
Alan B Aronowitz
12/01/98 07:34 PM
Paul:
Please call me tomorrow morning Houston time to discuss our preparing a 
confirmation and other relevant documentation for this petroleum coke-based 
financial swap transaction with Koch Carbon, Inc. I understand you (and Yao) 
had worked on a similarly structured coal-based swap a few months ago.
Mark: Do we have a financial master with any Koch affiliates?
Alan
Brian Spector
12/01/98 11:20 AM
Here follows the draft confirm for deal no. 8025.  Subject to hearing from
you otherwise we intend to send you both the hard copy first thing tomorrow.
PETCOKE SWAP CONFIRM
To     : Koch Carbon Inc
4111 East 37th Street North
Wichita Kansas 67220
Attn    : Mark Luetters
Phone   : 316 828 4412
Fax    : 316 828 7946
Date   : 1st December 1998
The following deal has been transacted for the above parties' account and
risk by TFS Energy (acting as brokers without the responsibility for
defaults by other parties) and is subject to credit and counterparty
approval.
TFS Deal No. : 8025
Trade Date  : 1st December1998
Fixed Price Leg
Buyer    :  Koch Carbon Inc
Benchmark
Commodity : High Sulphur Green Coke FOB Gulf Coast Above 50 HGI per
Pace Petroleum Coke Quarterly.
Duration   : 1st December 1998 thru 28th February 1999
inclusive
Quantity   : 5,000 tons per month, 15,000 tons in total
Price   : $ 4.15  per ton fixed and flat
Floating Price Leg
Seller   :  Koch Carbon Inc
Pricing : The price of the floating leg of the agreement shall be the
monthly average of High Sulphur Green Coke FOB Gulf Coast Above 50 HGI
appearing in Pace Petroleum Coke Quarterly's Green and Calcined Petroleum
Coke Price table.
Settlement : Monthly. Settlement is due no more than three working days
after the price index for each relevant month becomes available.
Profit & Loss
Limitation  : A collar is placed on the deal at $1.00 either side of the
fixed price such that the total cash payment/receipt cannot exceed $15,000.
Regulation : This contract is governed in accordance with US law.
Other and
Additional Terms : To be agreed between the counterparties.
Commission  : 0.03 cents per ton charged to both sides.
Broker : Peter Sceats, Manager Coal Dept.
TFS Energy
East India House
109/117 Middlesex Street
London E1 7JF
Phone  44 171 375 3780
Fax  44 171 422 9439
Mobile   44 378 863 036
Ken:
I have no idea how any of my time would have been charged to an Africa 
project.  Of course, I have no idea how any of my time gets charged to any 
project so my ignorance shouldn't be used as a guide.  In any event, if it is 
my time, it is clearly there in error.  Is there any detail describing what I 
am supposed to have done during those hours?  That might help me redirect the 
errant time to  where it belongs.  There used to be another Mark E. Taylor at 
Enron.  He worked for EI and was based in London.  Any chance this is his 
time?
Mark
Mark,
In April 1999 we're showing that you charged 184 hours to J3025 Benin (Sean 
Long).  Did you work on this project or any other Africa projects, e.g. for 
Tony Way, during this time period?
Basically, we are evaluating whether some employees may have accidentally 
charged to Sean's projects, whereas they meant to charge to Tony's.
Thanks, Mark!
Ken
I don't know why any of my time would be charged in this way. Maybe if you 
can give me a little more detail I could help.
I would appreciate your comments.  We are reviewing costs following the 
Africa reorg, and in preparation for the QBR.
Thanks!
Ken
Kenneth Horton on 06/23/99 06:13:47 PM
April payroll records show that you charged time to J3025 - Benin (Africa Sean Long's Group).  Would you please confirm whether this is the correct 
project?  If these hours need to be moved to another project, we can make the 
transfer if you provide us with the project code.
Thank you,
Ken
Andrew Edison@
02/06/2001 11:15 AM
I wanted to provide you with an update on this dispute.
As you will recall, we originally thought that we were the buyer on a Nov '00 
- March '01 basis swap @ Transco Z6 and Conectiv/Delmarva was the seller.  At 
least that is what our deal ticket indicated.  Conectiv/Delmarva disagreed 
vehemently, contending that they were the buyer and we were the seller.
Last week I obtained the tapes from the broker, Natsource.  I previously 
forwarded the tapes to you.  The tapes unequivocally indicate that we were 
the seller.  In fact, the tapes reflect that we sold two Nov '00 - March '01 
basis swap @ Transco Z6 contracts at the same time -- one to 
Conectiv/Delmarva and one to Duke.  We have gone back and checked our records 
to see if we actually sold a Nov '00 - March '01 basis swap @ Transco Z6 
contract to Duke at the same time we entered into a deal with 
Conectiv/Delmarva.  We did.  Notwithstanding the clear language on the tape, 
it would be hard to explain with a straight face why we would sell a swap to 
Duke and buy a swap from Conectiv/Delmarva at the same time.
After the trade, Natsource sent us a confirmation, indicating that we were 
the seller and Conectiv/Delmarva was the buyer.  Although we sent 
Conectiv/Delmarva a confirm (and they signed it) reflecting that we were the 
buyer and they were the seller, we settled the swap for the first two months 
as if we were the seller and they were the buyer.
The long and short of it is that, from a legal standpoint, there is no 
question whatsoever that the intention of the parties was that Enron would be 
the seller and Conectiv/Delmarva would be the buyer.  This is not even a 
close call.  It is my advice that we should settle the trade as if we are the 
seller and Conectiv/Delmarva is the buyer, and move on.
Mary Solmonson/ENRON@Xgate
02/07/2001 01:32 PM
The start time for Tuesday morning has been changed from 9am to 8am Breakfast will be served at 7:30.  Therefore, shuttle pick up times at the 
hotel for Tuesday morning have been changed to 7:10, 7:25, and 7:40 am Again, the last shuttle is not recommended if you intend to have breakfast at 
the ASE.
Some of you had asked about a coordinated dinner for Sunday night.  Since 
arrival times into Dallas vary greatly, we are leaving you to your own 
devices for Sunday night.  We are however, planning a group dinner for Monday 
night after we wrap up for the day.  We will arrange transportation from the 
ASE to the restaurant and from the restaurant back to the hotel.  Currently, 
Monday's agenda shows a completion time of 6:30pm.  Therefore, we are 
planning to head to dinner directly from the ASE without a break or trip back 
to the hotel. 
I spoke with Susan Bulgawicz again today.  She relates the following points:
Gensler has been subcontracted to do interior space planning and design for 
the new building generally
While our work is probably in addition to that already agreed (and will 
therefore be billed to us) it should be covered by an amendment to the 
existing agreement rather than a new, separate agreement
Bill Donovan feels that the design and space planning work should be done as 
near in time as possible to the actual construction work to avoid having to 
redo the work (and pay twice) to take into account new factors not apparent 
earlier (e.g. organizational and technology changes)
Bill's view is that we are 3 to 6 months premature at this point in doing 
this work for the legal department
Susan suggested that you might want to call Bill to discuss this and talk 
about how you want to move forward.
Louise Kitchen
02/08/2001 02:28 PM
Please look at the Tradespark agreement 
FYI + some benchmark numbers from them for future use.  Also, are they 
allowed to advertise the names of all their members?
USA:
INTERVIEW-Online exchange TradeSpark says building critical mass.
By Andrew Kelly
02/08/2001
Reuters English News Service
(C) Reuters Limited 2001.
HOUSTON, Feb 8 (Reuters) - TradeSpark, an online energy exchange launched late
last year, said on Thursday it was making good progress toward its goal of
establishing itself as a liquid marketplace for trading energy products.
"We expect certainly by the end of this year to have critical mass in certain
instruments, in certain products, and to be the (trading) platform of record,"
Managing Director Mike Williams told Reuters in a telephone interview.
Earlier on Thursday, TradeSpark (www.tradespark.com) said it had clocked up
energy trades with a notional value of more than $16 billion since it opened
for trading on Oct 2, 2000.
Natural gas accounted for over $9 billion of the trades logged so far and
electricity for about $6 billion.
TradeSpark also said that more than 125 companies and roughly 550 traders are
currently registered to use the system to execute their energy transactions.
It was the first time that the limited partnership had released data on
trading volumes and user numbers.
Most electronic energy trading platforms have been reluctant to release such
information and analysts have predicted that only a handful who succeed in
generating large volumes of business relatively quickly, will survive the
inevitable shakeout ahead.
SYSTEM USERS INCLUDE ENRON
Williams said TradeSpark had already signed up "all the big names" in North
America's wholesale natural gas and electricity business, including its
800-pound gorilla, Enron Corp..
"They are a user of the system. They've been a customer of ours since we
started," he said of Enron, though he declined to provide further details
about Enron's use of TradeSpark.
Enron launched its own electronic trading platform, EnronOnline
(www.enrononline.com), in late 1999 and used it to execute deals worth $336
billion last year. EnronOnline is a bilateral trading system on which Enron
posts buy and sell prices and is either the buyer or seller in any deals that
take place.
Williams said bilateral and multilateral platforms were completely different
and that both could coexist in harmony.
Enron, for its part, has said it is willing to use any kind of trading
platform that helps its traders to do business.
TradeSpark's founding partners include electronic commerce firm eSpeed Inc.,
brokerage Cantor Fitzgerald, energy firms Williams Cos. and TXU Corp. and
Royal Dutch/Shell affiliate Coral Energy.
Dynegy Inc., which also has its own bilateral trading platform, Dynegydirect
(dynegydirect.com), has used TradeSpark from its launch and has also announced
plans to become a partner in the venture at a later date.
Despite some of the big energy names associated with TradeSpark, Williams
emphasized its neutrality, including anonymity of the prices posted on the
system.
In January, traders who were not associated with one of TradeSpark's founding
partners accounted for 58 percent of all trades, up from 48 percent in
December.
Williams said TradeSpark would expand its product offerings next month to add
physical natural gas products alongside the financial gas instruments
currently available.
Financial electricity instruments will also be added some time this year, he
said, to complement the physical electricity products on offer now.
Folder Name: Rahil Jafry
Relevance Score on Scale of 100: 86
______________________________________________________________________
To review or revise your folder, visit   or 
contact Dow Jones Customer Service by e-mail at custom.news@bis.dowjones.com 
or by phone at 800-369-7466. (Outside the U.S. and Canada, call 609-452-1511 
or contact your local sales representative.)
______________________________________________________________________
Tana - Do we have NDAs in place with the following companies that would cover 
discussions with them concerning wireless connectivity for EnronOnline?
Agent Go
Aether Systems
JP Systems
Luminant
Lante
Outercurve
Tibco
Do we have our other desired changes incorporated at this point?
Carol St Clair
02/08/2001 04:24 PM
Carol St. Clair
EB 3889
713-853-3989 (Phone)
713-646-3393 (Fax)
carol.st.clair@
"Rick Antonoff"  	02/08/2001 03:29 PM
I just returned from the Bond Market Association meeting this afternoon on
the pending bankruptcy legislation.  Chris Long (Enron) was there with
Ellen Levinson of our Washington office.
The "big" issue discussed was whether to push hard for amendments on
cross-affiliate netting.  The consensus was that while everyone in the room
(and all of Wall Street was there,as well as ISDA and commodities groups)
wants the amendments, they are considered controversial by the President's
Working Group and could derail progress on the version of bankruptcy reform
currently before Congress which everyone also agrees is very good
legislation for financial markets participants.  On the basis that getting
the current bill enacted quickly is of paramount importance, the
Association determined to "back pocket" the cross-affiliate netting issue,
meaning that if the current legislation moves quickly, the Association will
not raise the issue but if the legislation gets bogged down in committee
and other nontechnical changes are being proposed, the Association will use
that opportunity to add cross-affiliate netting provisions.
Feel free to call if you have any questions.
______________
Rick B. Antonoff
Cadwalader, Wickersham & Taft
100 Maiden Lane
New York, NY 10038
Phone: 212 504-6759
Fax: 212 504-6666
Mobile: 917 287-6391
Email: rick.antonoff@cwt.com
privileged.  If you are not the intended recipient, you must not read, use or 
disseminate the information.  Although this email and any attachments are 
believed to be free of any virus or other defect
that might affect any computer system into which it is received and opened, 
it is the responsibility of the recipient to ensure that it is virus free and 
no responsibility is accepted by Cadwalader, Wickersham
& Taft for any loss or damage arising in any way from its use.
I hope you've had the VCR going.
Any thoughts?
Peter Keohane
02/09/2001 04:33 PM
Mark, I am getting complaints by traders and orginators that  they are 
missing significant commercial opportunities, especially in our newly 
deregulated power market, as they are unable to get ISDAs turned around Frankly, I do not know what is the cause for the delay, or whether it is 
Legal, Credit or Enron Corp. Legal, or the specific cases.  I do know that 
Enmax Energy Corp. and Encore Energy Solutions are two specific cases on the 
power side.  Can you look into this and let me know if we (Legal) can speed 
up the process.
TX, Peter.
Sounds good to me.
Carol St Clair
02/09/2001 04:42 PM
Mark:
My husband is having some surgery done on Thursday.  With your okay, I would 
like to take the afternoon off so that I can be with him and take him home.
Carol St. Clair
EB 3889
713-853-3989 (Phone)
713-646-3393 (Fax)
carol.st.clair@
Looks like I will NOT be able to have my cell phone on during our meetings but here is the number if you need to get a message to me.
Mary Solmonson/ENRON@Xgate
02/09/2001 04:35 PM
I have included information in the attached document on our dinner plans for 
Monday night.  All transportation information is also enclosed.
Remember, we ask that you turn off all pagers and phones for the ASE.  The 
contact number there is  214-303-7700 or fax is 214-303-7643.
ASE personnel will take a message and pass along to you as needed.
See you Monday morning!
Have a good time!
Susan Bailey
06/25/99 10:58 AM
Mark ,
My husband and I will be celebrating our first anniversary on August 1st, and 
plan to take trip to St. Maarten.  I would like to take schedule vacation 
time from Friday, July 30th thru Friday, August 6th.  I would return to the 
office on Monday, August 9th.  I hope this meets with your approval.
Thanks. 
Francisco - Here is an ISDA that Peggy needs in connection with a project she 
is working on in Mexico.  Can you take care of this one?  It looks like it is 
a deal-specific agreement for an interest rate swap or swaps.  Sara can 
probably fill you in on the kinds of changes from our standard form that 
would be ok.
Peggy Banczak
02/09/2001 09:10 AM
Mark
Attached are some comments from Enron's outside counel on the draft ISDA 
Master Agreement which I forwarded to you earlier this week.
Could you please advise who is reviewing this document and when their review 
might be completed.
Thank you for your assistance.
"Nancy Jo Nelson"  	02/08/2001 02:38 PM
Attached is the email forwarding the draft swap agt with SG.
Rogelio--please take a look at the docs required in Part 3-- some changes 
will need to be made I am sure to reflect that EEIM is a Mexican 
company--please fax me a markup with your suggested changes.  It looks like 
we are going to need Mexican Power of Attorney for CT Corp. for this 
agreement also.
Carlyn--please look at the CT Corp. appointment letter and let me know if any 
hedging agt is contemplated to be included.  We may need a separate 
appointment letter for this document (see Part 5, clause (vi)) -- note also 
that the jurisdictional consent language is different than in the Loan Agt 
and most of the other IDB docs--I don't think we care but I will point it out 
to SG--they may want to conform the language to have the same court 
jurisdiction.
Mike--on substantive issues, please call me when you get back into town and 
have a moment to talk.  I spoke with one of my partners in Houston who is 
much more familiar with swaps and he thinks it looks ok for the most part--I 
have only a few questions/comments for you.
Thanks all!
Nancy Jo Nelson
Bracewell & Patterson, L.L.P.
2000 K Street, N.W., Suite 500
Washington, DC   20006-1872
direct phone: (202) 828-5843
direct fax: (202) 857-2120
email: nnelson@bracepatt.com
cell phone: (202)251-6956
10:12:48 -0600
10:21:49 2001 -0600
X-Proxy: keymaster.bracepatt.com protected
Attached at the request of IDB is a draft ISDA Master Agreement Schedule for
the Monterrey project Hedging Agreements.  A preliminary draft of this
document has been circulated and discussed between IDB and SG, but this
draft is being circulated concurrently to all parties and has not yet been
finally between the Banks.
Bruce D. Peterson
Hunton & Williams
1900 K Street, N.W.
Washington, D.C. 20006
Tel. 202.955.1521
Fax 202.778.2201
NOTE: This message contains information which is confidential and may be
privileged. Unless you are the addressee (or a person authorized to receive
for the addressee) of this message, you may not use, copy or disclose this
message or any information contained in this message. If you have received
the message in error, please advise the sender by reply e-mail and delete
this message.
- Enron   SG SWAP Schedule(v2).DOC
FYI
Ruth Ainslie  	02/09/2001 02:48 PM
At Stacy's request, I am forwarding a draft of the points drafted by Seth
Grosshandler and Ed Rosen of Cleary and Dan Cunningham.  These are the
points discussed at yesterday's Bankruptcy Reform meeting at TBMA.
- Doc1.doc
fyi
Stacy Carey  	02/13/2001 04:23 PM
FYI - It does not appear that either the House or Senate Judiciary
Committees are willing to entertain modifications to bankruptcy reform
legislation during this week's mark-ups.
Two meetings are scheduled for next week on bankruptcy reform.
1. Tuesday, February 20, 2001, 2:00 p.m. Treasury Department - We plan to
meet with Dina Ellis and other Treasury officials to discuss bankruptcy
reform amendments.
2. Wednesday, February 21, 2001, 1:00 p.m. Room 2222 Rayburn House Office
Building.  Greg Zerzan of the House Financial Services Committee has
requested a meeting with us and various administration officials at
1:00pm on Wednesday.
Attendees of the Treasury meeting will need to provide us with their date of
birth.  Please contact Frank Hampton at 202-434-8400 or Stacy Carey at
202-457-6545 if you are interested in attending either of the meetings.
FYI
SULLIVAN&CROMWELL@sullcrom.com
02/13/2001 09:13 AM
Re: Proposed Regulations Providing for Ordinary Character Treatment
for Certain Hedging Transactions
Attached is a memorandum, dated February 12, 2001,
from Sullivan & Cromwell concerning the above subject. A summary is
also included at the end of the text of this e-mail message.
The attached file is in Adobe Acrobat
format.  We believe most PCs will already have an Acrobat viewer
loaded; we can provide free copies if Acrobat is not already loaded,
and free copies can also be downloaded from the Adobe Acrobat web
site at www.adobe.com.  To view or print the memo use your e-mail
system's function for opening attachments in their native format.
Hard copies can be obtained from Ivy Moreno at S&C in New York,
telephone 212-558-3448, e-mail: Morenoi@sullcrom.com.
SUMMARY
On January 18, 2001, the Internal Revenue
Service (the "IRS") issued proposed regulations (the
"Proposed Regulations") under Section 1221 of the Internal
Revenue Code (the "Code") providing for the income and
loss from most business hedging transactions to be treated
as ordinary.
The Proposed Regulations reflect changes
made to Section 1221 by the Ticket to Work and Work Incentives
Improvement Act of 1999.  The Proposed Regulations are
practically identical to existing regulations under Section
1221 (the "Existing Regulations") with two modifications
reflecting the changes in the law -- (1) they adopt a risk
"management" standard for defining a hedging transaction
(as opposed to the risk "reduction" standard used in the
Existing Regulations) and (2) they remove the special
rule imposing certain additional conditions on hedges of
non-inventory supplies.  The Existing Regulations have not
been withdrawn, but the Proposed Regulations are proposed
to be effective for transactions entered into on or after
January 18, 2001.
This e-mail is sent by a law firm and contains information
that may be privileged and confidential. If you are not the
intended recipient, please delete the e-mail and notify us
immediately.
This e-mail is sent by a law firm and contains information
that may be privileged and confidential. If you are not the
intended recipient, please delete the e-mail and notify us
immediately.
- CMS10769.pdf
When we meet this afternoon I'd also like to discuss the Canadian traders 
using EnronOnline average prices as an index for financial trades.
Apparently this came yesterday but I didn't see it since it didn't come 
directly from David.  Sorry about that.
Mcintyrk@sullcrom.com
02/14/2001 01:12 PM
Mark,
I have attached our draft version of the Enron License and Services Agreement.
As we discussed on our call, there are a number of issues which require 
clarification and which we have highlighted in the Agreement. There are a 
number of areas, in particular Service Support, were we have proposed 
possible approaches but we obviously do not know whether these suggestions 
will work for Enron or are consistent with the intention to run the service e.g., Service Levels in Schedule B.)
If you have any comments or questions please email or call either myself at 
(212) 558-3491, David at (212) 558-4680 or Anna at (202) 956-7575.
,
Kieran McIntyre
This e-mail is sent by a law firm and contains information
that may be privileged and confidential. If you are not the
intended recipient, please delete the e-mail and notify us
immediately.
This e-mail is sent by a law firm and contains information
that may be privileged and confidential. If you are not the
intended recipient, please delete the e-mail and notify us
immediately.
- Enron - License and Services Agreement.doc
Yes, I'm planning to be on the call.
Chris Long@
02/15/2001 10:01 AM
Mark - Are you planning on calling in?  I am out of the office on Friday.
Scott Marra  	02/15/2001 10:26 AM
Please note that our next US Regulatory call is scheduled for Friday,
February 16, 2001 @ 10:00 am.  To participate, please call 888-904-9318 and
give pass-code "US REG" and leader is Stacy Carey.
Scott Marra
Administrator for Policy & Media Relations
ISDA
600 Fifth Avenue
Rockefeller Center - 27th floor
New York, NY 10020
Phone: (212) 332-2578
Fax: (212) 332-1212
Email: smarra@isda.org
This looks like a pretty good list.  My suggestions would be to substitute 
Elizabeth Sager for Leslie Hansen who is on maternity leave and to add Denis 
O'Connell in London for credit derivatives.
Vanessa Schulte@
02/05/2001 05:21 PM
Mark,
I am working with Mary Solmonson on the effort to eliminate confirmations on 
electronic deals, and have put together a task force of legal 
representatives.  I will be using these names as a point of contact for 
questions regarding confirmations in their respective areas.  Please review 
the list and let me know if you agree with the names chosen.
Confirmations Task Force
Mark Taylor - Financial Trading, General Issues
Jeff Hodge - US Physical Gas
Leslie Hansen - US Physical Power
Alan Aronowitz - Global Markets
Julia Murray - Industrial Markets
Robbi Rossi - Broadband
David Minns - Australia
Jane McBride - Japan
Tony Pryor - Northern Natural Gas Pipeline
Paul Simons - Credit Derivatives
Justin Boyd - European/London Based Product Approvals
Mark Greenberg - ClickPaper
Thanks,
Vanessa
x35565
Carlos Alatorre@
02/16/2001 01:07 AM
Mark,
Please find attached our first revision of the EnronOnline Service Agreement 
Draft. As you may notice on your calendar, we asked Holly to schedule a 
conference call with Sullivan & Crom well for today @11:00 to go over our 
comments and their questions. Please, if you consider convenient, forward 
them this document so they have it before the conference call and we can go 
directly to our comments.
Some of the additional issues we want to talk to them/ you are:
We are not licensing the Stack Manager, we are just giving them access to it, 
therefore there is no "Software License"
Prohibit Pipeline's usage of EnonOnline name without our written approval
Default & Remedies
Definitions to be added
Invoicing & Terms of payment
Marketing Brochures & materials
Define Schedule B & C (Support Services & Termination payments), and
Timeline
We really appreciate your help in pushing this, as you know we need to have 
this document finalised by no latter than Tuesday morning, since Dave is 
meeting with NGPL on Wednesday,
Thanks
Carlos
fyi
Stacy Carey  	02/16/2001 12:05 PM
I am forwarding the amendment revisions discussed on this morning's call.
Attached are revised versions of the summary of proposed changes to
S.220/H.333 and the markup of the bill.  The only changes are to the new
provisions (in riders 344A and 352A of the markup) dealing with rulemaking
authority for the SEC and CFTC to address the treatment of accounts in
which both securities and futures are carried.  For your convenience, we
have included both clean and blacklined versions of the summary Geoffrey B. Goldman
(See attached file: s220markup2-16.pdf)(See attached file:
summary2-16compare.doc)(See attached file: summary2-16.doc)
This message is being sent from a law firm and may contain information
which is confidential or privileged.  If you are not the intended
recipient, please advise the sender immediately by reply e-mail and delete
this message and any attachments without retaining a copy.
- s220markup2-16.pdf
- summary2-16compare.doc
- summary2-16.doc
No problem - I'm glad we go it straightened out.  Do you do any work with Yao 
Apasu in Legal?  Yao & I go way back.
Mark,
You hit the nail on the head - it is indeed the Mark Taylor in London.  I'm 
relatively new to the Africa organization, and was not aware that there had 
been two Marks at one time.
I'm sorry to have inconvenienced you with this.
Ken
Ken:
I have no idea how any of my time would have been charged to an Africa 
project.  Of course, I have no idea how any of my time gets charged to any 
project so my ignorance shouldn't be used as a guide.  In any event, if it is 
my time, it is clearly there in error.  Is there any detail describing what I 
am supposed to have done during those hours?  That might help me redirect the 
errant time to  where it belongs.  There used to be another Mark E. Taylor at 
Enron.  He worked for EI and was based in London.  Any chance this is his 
time?
Mark
Mark,
In April 1999 we're showing that you charged 184 hours to J3025 Benin (Sean 
Long).  Did you work on this project or any other Africa projects, e.g. for 
Tony Way, during this time period?
Basically, we are evaluating whether some employees may have accidentally 
charged to Sean's projects, whereas they meant to charge to Tony's.
Thanks, Mark!
Ken
I don't know why any of my time would be charged in this way. Maybe if you 
can give me a little more detail I could help.
I would appreciate your comments.  We are reviewing costs following the 
Africa reorg, and in preparation for the QBR.
Thanks!
Ken
Kenneth Horton on 06/23/99 06:13:47 PM
April payroll records show that you charged time to J3025 - Benin (Africa Sean Long's Group).  Would you please confirm whether this is the correct 
project?  If these hours need to be moved to another project, we can make the 
transfer if you provide us with the project code.
Thank you,
Ken
Ruth Ainslie  	02/16/2001 11:46 AM
Here's the article I mentioned.  (Also in today's Press Report -
This is particularly interesting in light of our conversation on the
May 7-8 Mexico City ISDA Conference we are planning.  The agenda is "in
formation".  Jose Manuel (Board liaison) and Diane Genova (Chair) of the
Latin American Committee are enthusiastically involved and Pedro is our
staff liaison.  We have great support from the Bank of Mexico, NAFINSA,
Mexder (the exchange) and the Mexican Banking Association (all of which will
contribute speakers).  We would very much welcome one or more Enron speakers
- particularly from the region.  (We contemplate simultaneous
Spanish/English and English/Spanish translation to accommodate and encourage
both English and Spanish speakers).  Bob, Diane, Jose Manuel will also be
speakers.
Here's a preview of the still very preliminary (and uncirculated)
Agenda:
DAY 1:
_morning
Intro
Keynote
History and Development of OTC Derivatives
Legal and Regulatory Standards in the Global Derivatives Markets
Risk Mangement in the Derivatives Markets
Overview of ISDA and current Activities
_afternoon
3 Workshops*
I.  Comparative analysis:  Local Master Agreements and the ISDA
Master Agreement
II.  Current Approaches to Risk Management
III.  Financial Innovation: Growth and New Products*
DAY 2'
Keynote:  Economic Outlook
Panel:  OTC Derivatives in Emerging Markets _ Latin American Focus*
Credit and Equity Derivatives
Review of New Bankruptcy Law and Regulatory Developments
OTC Derivatives and Repo Transactions in Mexico
Accounting and Tax Treatment of Derivatives and Repos in Mexico
Synergy between Exchanges and OTC Derivatives in Mexico*
I've put asterisks in several places where Enron would be a terrific
addition.  Other areas may also be appropriate.  Please let Diane, Pedro or
me know your thoughts.  Thak you.
, Ruth
 MANAGING NATURE WITH MARKET MEANS
 Latin Finance - February 16, 2001
 By Maria O'Brien