>                                              Name: Case 26-1 Global 
Industries.doc
    Case 26-1 Global Industries.doc           Type: Microsoft Word Document 
(application/msword)
                                   Download Status: Not downloaded with 
message
- christine.piesco.vcf
see you at the freight.
best,
jeff
Greetings Professor:
I'm in charge of managing our collective responses to this week's case and 
have been called out of town on business at the last minute.   As a result, 
if I make it to class at all tomorrow, I unfortunately won't make it until 
after the break.  While I think one of my teammates will bring a hard copy to 
class tomorrow, I wanted to plan for any mix-ups (contingencies?) by emailing 
a copy as well.
Best,
Jeff
Folks:
Here's the final.   I incorporated some comments from Christine and emailed a 
copy to Aceves.  Jimmie/Dylan let me know if one of you can bring a hard copy 
to class tomorrow.  If not, he's now got an electronic copy, and I'll drop 
off a hard copy on Tuesday.    (for at least half the class) 
tomorrow.
Best,
Jeff
You're the man.  I got some comments from Christine (sort of).  See most 
recent email.  I emailed it to Aceves, but if more changes come in, I don't 
see any problem telling him to disregard the email and use the hard copy you 
turn in tomorrow.  Thanks a million.  Greatly appreciated.  I owe you one This one was really a hot potato.  First Kim, then me, now you 
Best,
Jeff
Can get that number.  You want it pre "Blue Book" or pre AB 1890, or both.
Steven J Kean@
09/01/2000 08:27 AM
Sent by: Steven J Kean@
Look at this.  Baum finally speaks up  -- way too late.
Can somebody tell me what SDG&E's energy rate was pre-dereg?
F.Y.I.
California Lawmakers Vote to Limit Power Costs 
By Rebecca Smith 
09/01/2000 
The Wall Street Journal 
Page A4 
California lawmakers voted to extend modest relief to San Diego residents 
burdened with
high electricity bills and set the groundwork for faster construction of 
badly needed power
plants. They stopped short, however, of passing legislation that would roll 
back retail power
rates to levels seen prior to deregulation .
Late Wednesday, lawmakers sent a bill to Gov. Gray Davis that limits to 6.5 
cents per
kilowatt hour the amount that small customers of San Diego Gas & Electric 
Co. can be
charged. The utility is allowed to add power-delivery and other reasonable 
costs to that
commodity price.
The price, equivalent to a bulk power cost of $65 per megawatt hour, is far 
higher than the
average price of power for 27 of the 31 months in which California's market 
has been
deregulated. But in June and July, the average price of power obtained by 
the utility from a
state-sanctioned energy auction rose to 12 cents and 10.5 cents, 
respectively, compared
with the 2.3 cents and 2.8 cents charged in those months a year earlier.
Passed directly through to customers,the resulting bills sparked a near 
mutiny. The
rate-cap measure applies to residential and small commercial customers, as 
well as to
schools and hospitals.
In addition to the rate cap, which can be adjusted upward or downward by 
the California
Public Utilities Commission until December 2002, the legislature earmarked 
$150 million of
general-fund revenue, which can be used to subsidize San Diego power costs 
if they greatly
exceed the 6.5-cents-per-kilowatt-hour rate. For now, the utility would be 
expected to make
up any difference between revenue collected and the actual cost.
Steve Baum, chairman of Sempra Energy, parent of San Diego Gas & Electric 
Co., said the
rate-cap measure is "deeply flawed" because it limits the amount prices can 
rise but sets
no floor. That means any shortfall could grow -- without a mechanism for 
customers to pay
it down -- until the end of the rate-cap period, which could last until 
December 2002 or
December 2003.
Mr. Baum said Sempra stands to suffer an undercollection of perhaps $664 
million, provided
future prices approximate the New York Mercantile Exchange forward prices 
through
December 2002. "It's irreparably damaging to Sempra," he said because it 
"creates
tremendous uncertainty" that makes it hard for the San Diego energy company 
to finance
new projects such as a new transmission line.
The legislature also appeared likely to approve a bill speeding up the 
permit process for the
construction of new power plants, in part by beefing up staffs of 
regulatory agencies that
review the plans. 
$1 million.
p.s. the plant i was talking about is:  "hairy vetch"  or "purple vetch i'll look for some.  you should, too.  if you find any, make sure it's 
"organic" and hasn't had any chemicals added to the seeds.
thanks again for a fantastic time over Thanksgiving.  I had a lot of fun.
Ferget it.
Cameron Sellers  	11/27/2000 04:20 PM
That's great Riddles will be there.  Bobby said he would try to be there
late Friday night (after Davis), but that was it 
WE ARE GETTING HER THE BANJO SHE HAS ALWAYS DREAMED OF (Earl Scruggs Gibson
banjo with maple neck).  DO NOT GET ANYTHING ELSE EITHER OF YOU THE BANJO IS
VERY EXPENSIVE (around 2K) AND IT WILL BE FROM ALL OF US AND IT WILL BE BOTH
HER BIRTHDAY AND XMAS.  Mom already said she will put in $500.  How about
the rest of you??  Can we make this happen.  I have all the details of the
banjo from Avram and Larry now and I am pricing it.  They have told me where
to get the best prices and Avram has put me in touch with a guy that just
bought one and researched prices for weeks.  I will update you when I have a
little more info.  OK 
Cameron Sellers
Vice President, Business Development
PERFECT
1860 Embarcadero Road - Suite 210
Palo Alto, CA 94303
cameron@perfect.com
650.798.3366 (direct dial)
650.269.3366 (cell)
650.858.1095 (fax)
Riddles is on there for at least one night, plus his "woman," I imagine. 
Then we got Bobby most likely coming late on Sat night, after his gig in 
Davis.
Jeff--what can I help with?? What about her present... are we all getting 
her a banjo, or do you have something else you want to get her, leaving us 
to fend for ourselves?
Chapeau!
Folks.  Let me throw out a proposal.  I believe that we should immediately 
draft a very brief letter or press release that explains why the PD is 
misguided and will lead to very bad energy policy for the state, and why our 
settlement is the right one and why it's good energy policy for the state The letter should be signed by everyone who signed the settlement.  It needs 
to be released by the end of this week.  Absent this kind of action, 
nothing's going to turn this thing around.  Spending time and money writing 
"comments" will be a waste of time and money.  We'll need to do a lot more, 
but I think we have to start this way or fold up our tents now.  Thoughts?
Best,
Jeff
Colin.Cushnie@sce.com
11/27/2000 08:54 PM
I haven't had the opportunity to read the PD yet, but I share your
frustration with the Commission's inaction in the face of significant and
fast moving events.  Our settlement and electric restructuring are clearly
distinguishable.  Arguably, the status quo has, in part, perpetuated the
record high prices being observed of late.  The Commission should have
little to fear by proceeding with its initial direction of statewide
consistency in the intrastate gas industry.
"Tom 
Beach                      11/27/2000 03:19                                PM                      Please respond to                      "Tom Beach"               cc:                                                     Subject Re   
If I'm reading pages 38 - 40 of the Bilas PD correctly, the Commission's
primary concern over the competitive benefits of city-gate pricing is the
fact that PG&E city-gate prices in October were much higher than border
prices plus transportation.  October bidweek PG&E city-gate prices were
high, but only because southern California prices plummeted from the high
levels that they had reached in late August and September, following the El
Paso explosion.  In November, the PG&E city-gate moved back into its normal
relationship with Topock and Malin prices.  For the Commission to be
spooked
by one month of price fluctuations is crazy.
I'm hopeful that my friends at Edison, in particular, can help the
Commission to distinguish what we were trying to achieve in the CS on the
gas side from the mess that is electric restructuring 
Tom Beach
 The PD in the Gas Restructuring is out.   I have yet to read the whole
 thing, but the title "Approval With Modifications Of The Interim
 Settlement..." does not bode well.  According to Steve Watson (and I only
 have Steve's statement second hand), the decision reflects a fear that
the
 timing is wrong in light of the current volatile gas price market.