Don't think so--where was he before his current job?  DF
Have you ever met the fellow?  He's general counsel over at Southern Energy 
Marketing in town here and was in D.C. for about 10 years - about your age
Interesting.  I remember vaguely that we had some concern with how VAR was 
calculated.  I recall that Dave Neubauer didn't think that we were doing it 
right for TW.  Do you remember this issue?  If so, does this change address 
the same issue?  Also, I'll line up a meeting today or tomorrow on  the TW 
options filing in general, and we can discuss the customer meeting and also 
touch on this internal controls issue.  Thanks  DF
Debbie Moseley
08/25/2000 04:05 PM
Please Note:
The Corporate Risk Management Department prepares ET&S's Value at Risk 
calculation.  They recently completed a review of our historical experience 
and correlation on our hedged positions.  Based on this review, we have 
agreed to increase the correlation to .90.  This change has caused the V@R to 
decrease significantly to more appropriately reflect the risk in our 
positions.  We will continue to work with Risk Management to assure that our 
exposures are being appropriately reflected in the V@R calculation.
If there are any question regarding the V@R calculation, please contact Dan 
Fancler or Bob Chandler.
Ugh.  We'll keep working this angle if their new attorney shows up on deck, 
but I think Susan and I have done as much as can be done with Howard H.  Do 
any of you know what the Red Cedar facilities look like?  I.e. how many miles 
of line, any big diameter line, any compression, etc?  Howard must have read 
some old cases and gotten himself spooked that their facilites aren't 
gathering under the modified primary function test.  I'm not sure why he 
thinks signing a transport contract with us will make their situation any 
worse, but that seems to be his conclusion.  If Steve and Bill can't nudge 
Red Cedar's management into doing the deal, I'd suggest that you both or one 
of you ask Tsuri (sp?) to have his new lawyer call me and Susan after Howard 
leaves, maybe with one of the Kinder Morgan lawyers on the phone also, and 
we'll try to straighten this out. 
I regret to report that I just ended a very unproductive phone conversation 
with Mr. Hertzberg.  He thanked us for all our cooperation but politely 
declined to give me any information on what authority he was relying on to 
conclude that there is a jurisdictional problem.  However, it sounded to me 
like whatever authority he does have is shaky at best.  He also sounded 
interested in the possibility of our making some sort of anonymous inquiry at 
FERC (if such a thing is possible) on the issue.  Obviously they are very 
leery of making that phone call themselves and risking revealing their 
identity.  He said he would discuss it with Ed Meaders.  Also, he mentioned 
that after tomorrow he will be on vacation for a month, and another attorney 
will be taking over in his absence.  That could be good, or it could be bad Maybe Lorraine can sweet talk Meaders into at least citing us some cases from 
Hertzberg's memo.  At the very least, I hope he will show it to the Kinder 
Morgan lawyers.
pls set up an hour on this sometime tomorrow am if possible.  thanks df
Interesting.  I remember vaguely that we had some concern with how VAR was 
calculated.  I recall that Dave Neubauer didn't think that we were doing it 
right for TW.  Do you remember this issue?  If so, does this change address 
the same issue?  Also, I'll line up a meeting today or tomorrow on  the TW 
options filing in general, and we can discuss the customer meeting and also 
touch on this internal controls issue.  Thanks  DF
Debbie Moseley
08/25/2000 04:05 PM
Please Note:
The Corporate Risk Management Department prepares ET&S's Value at Risk 
calculation.  They recently completed a review of our historical experience 
and correlation on our hedged positions.  Based on this review, we have 
agreed to increase the correlation to .90.  This change has caused the V@R to 
decrease significantly to more appropriately reflect the risk in our 
positions.  We will continue to work with Risk Management to assure that our 
exposures are being appropriately reflected in the V@R calculation.
If there are any question regarding the V@R calculation, please contact Dan 
Fancler or Bob Chandler.
I'm OK with this agreement.  Christine, I appreciate your explanation of how 
we developed the rate.  Hopefully, once FERC approves our purchase and sale 
of options, we can price them as a stand alone service.  For now, including 
the optionality as a bundled component of the total discounted rate--as we 
did here--is appropriate 
Christine Stokes
08/28/2000 03:00 PM
TRANSWESTERN PIPELINE COMPANY
CONTRACT APPROVAL REQUEST
Please review the attached non-standard discount letter to Red Cedar 
Gathering Company (Red Cedar).  The discount letter provides Red Cedar a five 
year discount rate, beginning January 1, 2001, for 125,000 Dth/d of Red Cedar 
to El Paso/Blanco capacity for year 1, and 150,000 Dth/d of described 
capacity for years 2-5.
The base transportation rate for the described capacity is $.02/Dth/d, 
escalating at $.005/Dth/d per year.  Red Cedar is also paying an additional 
$.001/Dth/d for a one-time option to request to reduce their total MDQ in 
years 4 & 5 to a level between 100,000-150,000 Dth/day.  Also,  year 1 of the 
discount rate includes a "reimbursement surcharge" of approximately 
$.009/Dth/d for Transwestern's capital expenditure required to increase the 
existing receipt point capacity at the Red Cedar interconnect 
Red Cedar has been provided alternate delivery capabilty at Transwestern's 
I/B Link, in addition to alternate receipt capability at a proposed new 
interconnect with Red Cedar in Transwestern's Ignacio to Blanco Area.
Please indicated approval via REPLY WITH HISTORY.  If any questions arise, 
please contact me at x5702.   All Officers approvals will be forwarded to Dan 
McCarty for final Officer approval.
I called Tino today to let him know that our affiliates are sniffing around a 
power plant opportunity and potential gas bypass pipeline in Albuquerque Kevin, you should be getting a call from a guy in Portland whose name I can't 
seem to find right now.  He had gotten my name from Thome out there and 
called to let me know that ENA is interested in pitching either PNM or some 
outfit called "Delta" on development or expansion of a gas-fired power plant 
in the south part of Albuquerque.  It didn't sound to me like ENA was very 
far along in their deal.  I explained to this guy what we were involved in 
and swore him to confidentiality.  I also told him he need to call either 
Kevin or Steve before he talked to PNM.  I thought it was a little curious 
that ENA is interested in generation in Alb. all of a sudden 
On the Tino front, he apologized for not calling after their big DOE 
meeting.  He said it went very well and that DOE is considering their 
offer--$.085/Kwh power less revenue sharing for all surplus power sold.  Tino 
and Dennis offered DOE 70% of the $$ from the surplus power sales until a 
certain target is hit (probably a target equivalent to DOE's current PNM rate 
less 10%) and then 30% of any additional $$.   Tino and Dennis really blew 
some smoke by showing the DOE guys this summer's Four Corners spot prices 
(generally in the $200-400/mwh range) and doing the math for them. On that 
basis, the net delivered power cost after rebate comes pretty close to zero Even using a more reasonable sampling of Four Corners prices, the DOE price 
is apparently better than their current PNM price.  The big issue is whether 
DOE can figure out how to keep the rebate $$ at Sandia, rather than lose the 
$$ to treasury.   Sounds like the Dennis and Tino show is still flogging this 
deal pretty hard, so I reminded Tino that we are eager to do anything we can 
to help. 
Bill or Kevin, please forward this to Bill Gang--I couldn't get my computer 
to recognize his name 
Please call if you have any questions.  DF 
pls print asap.  df 
Jeffery Fawcett
08/30/2000 09:42 AM
Attached for your convenience find the latest drafts of the Transport Options 
documents.  These documents were sent to our workshop participants late 
yesterday as a means to facilitate our discussions tomorrow.  I suspect we'll 
have small changes to incorporate based on the comments we receive in the 
workshop.  If you have any questions, please let me know.
In case you haven't already marked your calendars, tomorrow will be my two 
year anniversary with the company.   The good Lord willing (and with Stan's 
and Mike's continued acquiescence) I may even surpass the tenure of my two 
most recent and very illustrious predecessors.  Given your meteoric career 
tracks, however, I'm not sure you guys would view that as a huge 
accomplishment.  Hope all goes well with you both.  Adios from the big O DF 
Looks good to me--and I agree that we ought to use if for internal purposes 
only.  If people at the customer meeting want more detail than you guys are 
able to provide orally, we could consider adding detail to the FERC filing or 
even sending them some additional explanation that we may or may not decide 
to file with FERC.  Good luck today!  DF
Jeffery Fawcett
08/31/2000 09:11 AM
I'm distributing [internally] the brief answers we've crafted for each of the 
customer's questions.  I think we're on pretty solid ground in each case.  As 
mentioned below, we won't be distrubuting these answers during the workshop We'll use them for our own purposes in answering the questions orally.  If 
you have any questions regarding this issue, please let me know.
Jeffery Fawcett
08/31/2000 09:07 AM
Susan,
You hit the ball right down the middle.  I think we've answered these 
questions [more than] adequately.  I do not intend to distribute these 
answers in written form.  Rather, we'll answer them orally during the 
presentation, and use your work product as a guideline for our answers Thanks for your hard work here.
Jeff, here's a slightly revised version of my bottom-line answers to Conoco's 
questions.
Am I remembering correctly that this is for internal distribution only Again, I'll be out until around 10:30 tomorrow but you can reach me on my 
mobile (713.494.5002) before 9 or after 10 if there's anything you want to 
discuss.  Drew -- same goes for you. 
Give em hell in the deposition my friend!  If you get the chance, ask them 
how much of that $400 mm they set aside for you!   Hey, we need to talk about 
something else--I'm getting a pheasant hunting trip organized for late Oct Interested?  DF
Lot's of changes here.  Deposition on MHP all day today so probably Tuesday
before calling you.  GO DUKE!!!!  I love that #, though I think they got a
hec of a deal.
Your new boss??? Did you see what Duke paid for MHP??  $400 mm!!!  What
were they smoking?  Give me a line when you get the chance--we're overdue
on getting together.  DF
AQUILA ENERGY NAMES LEADER OF ITS COMMODITY SERVICES GROUP
Aquila Energy, a  wholly owned subsidiary of UtiliCorp United,
recently named  Kevin Fox senior vice president and general
manager of its Commodity  Services group.
We are now addressing the distasteful task of sorting through the mountain of 
files accumulated during the Conoco litigation.  Kathy is taking the lead on 
reviewing our document retention policies and advising Britt and I of what 
she thinks we can destroy and what we need to keep.  In some instances, the 
appropriate approach is not entirely clear.  Have you folks run across any 
"document retention policy specialists" that she ought to talk to?  We have a 
fairly detailed policy applicable to "Interstate Law" (which I guess means 
GPG law--the policy document is fairly old) but I'm less clear on what 
authority or right Legal has to enforce the doc. retention policy as to other 
groups.  Rod Hayslett suggested during Conoco that it would be good if Legal 
followed up now and then and made sure that pack rats were following the 
policy.   His comment arose from a little situation in which we were served 
with requests for "3 year plans" and Rod was displeased  to learn that some 
folks had kept old plans from 10 years ago.  He (and I suspect all of us) 
would be happier if that didn't happen again.  Any thoughts?  Thanks. DF 
Yuck.  I am eager to discuss this with you both.  DF 
Ann Ballard
08/30/2000 04:07 PM
There is a discussion of HHI's in a FTC guideline called the 1992 Horizontal 
Merger Guideline, which can be found on the FTC's website.  I have tried to 
create a hotspot for you here www.ftc.gov.  The discussion of HHI's starts at 
1.5.
HHI means Herfindahl - Hirschman Index 
Enjoy!
Love to.  I'll probably be down in Houston next week--most likely thur-fri I'll call you when I know fer shure.  Pheasant gig is around Oct 27-30 or 
so.  More detail to follow.  DF 
Yes.  I'll need dates though.  Next time your in Houston, lets get together.
I have a lot to update you on.
Give em hell in the deposition my friend!  If you get the chance, ask them
how much of that $400 mm they set aside for you!   Hey, we need to talk
about something else--I'm getting a pheasant hunting trip organized for
late Oct.  Interested?  DF
Lot's of changes here.  Deposition on MHP all day today so probably Tuesday
before calling you.  GO DUKE!!!!  I love that #, though I think they got a
hec of a deal.
Your new boss??? Did you see what Duke paid for MHP??  $400 mm!!!  What
were they smoking?  Give me a line when you get the chance--we're overdue
on getting together.  DF
AQUILA ENERGY NAMES LEADER OF ITS COMMODITY SERVICES GROUP
Aquila Energy, a  wholly owned subsidiary of UtiliCorp United,
recently named  Kevin Fox senior vice president and general
manager of its Commodity  Services group.
Great--please send to MKM and other interested parties.  Thanks. DF 
Sarabeth Smith
01/12/2000 10:22 AM
Drew,
Attached is the latest revision of the Document Control Investigation Report 
with further details provided by Contract Administration concerning the 
operation of the file room.
Do you have any problem with me forwarding this document to Mary Kay?  Or if 
you would prefer, you now have the latest and can forward it to her 
yourself?  The call is yours, just let me know.
It's a pleasure working with you as always,
Sarabeth
In Mike's weekly report, it was mentioned that you had a summary report on 
the document control project.  Could I get a copy of that.   Document control 
and retention is a critical area for rates, so I'd like to be in the loop on 
this project.  Thanks  MK
Please get copies to me asap of the Edison motion and the CPUC FERC 
complaint.  Has someone, maybe someone at ENA, already looked at any 
allegations about Enron or TW?  Please forward these to Kathy Ringblom also 
and I'll have her itemize any allegations we might want to repond to Thanks  DF 
ET & S Business Intelligence Department
Edison Charges Gas Market Manipulation
Southern California Edison filed a motion late last week with the California 
Public Utility Commission seeking emergency relief from high spot gas prices 
on which its power purchase rates are based. The company told the CPUC that 
Southern California Border (Topock, AZ) prices in the last month have risen 
by $2.50/MMBtu possibly because of market manipulation, in particular the 
withholding off of the market of pipeline transportation capacity between the 
supply basins and the California border. 
"[T]here is substantial and compelling evidence that the basis differential 
has been and continues to be grossly distorted by market power abuse, 
collusion and affiliate self dealing of out-of-state gas suppliers and 
merchants," Edison told the CPUC. 
The company noted the CPUC already has filed a Section 5 complaint with FERC 
regarding this issue and is seeking a recision of "certain allegedly 
collusive contracts which it contends have permitted out-of-state natural gas 
suppliers and their affiliates to drive up artificially California border gas 
prices by wrongfully withholding capacity." It notes the complaint 
"conservatively estimates that the anti-competitive manipulation of the basis 
differential has already damaged California gas and electricity users by $100 
million annually since the beginning of 1998 
Edison seeks an expedited order authorizing it to use the posted gas price of 
$4.5133/MMBtu, which was applied to SCE's August 2000 avoided cost posting, 
to calculate its payment obligations to qualified power producers for the 
month of October and every month going forward. It estimated September 
bidweek border prices would average $7/MMBtu. If such prices were used in 
Edison's September avoided costs posting, its Transition Formula payments to 
certain independent power producers will be $29 million more than the month 
prior, the company told the CPUC. "No mechanism exists to recapture the 
increase in such payments if it is later determined by this commission or in 
another forum that the Topock border indices are unreliable at this time 
Does this fit our understanding of the policies?  DF
Dorothy McCoppin
09/05/2000 12:18 PM
On Conoco, I would think athat drafts of the settlement agreement -- to the 
extent there could be future disagreement over what was done/meant, etc. 
might be important.  Otherwise, with agreements that are terminated/expired, 
the retention policy is to retain them for 10 years (last time I saw a 
retention policy on contracts, that is; also, the reson behind the 10 years 
was that, although the gen'l stat. of limit. in Texas was 4 years, the stat. 
of limit, in Nebraska was, I think, 6 years, and then some additional time 
was thought to be appropriate).
For copies of contracts, no retention period is required, as I recall.  Since 
you had outside counsel, they will likely retain all the documents from the 
case itself.
--Dot
We are now addressing the distasteful task of sorting through the mountain of 
files accumulated during the Conoco litigation.  Kathy is taking the lead on 
reviewing our document retention policies and advising Britt and I of what 
she thinks we can destroy and what we need to keep.  In some instances, the 
appropriate approach is not entirely clear.  Have you folks run across any 
"document retention policy specialists" that she ought to talk to?  We have a 
fairly detailed policy applicable to "Interstate Law" (which I guess means 
GPG law--the policy document is fairly old) but I'm less clear on what 
authority or right Legal has to enforce the doc. retention policy as to other 
groups.  Rod Hayslett suggested during Conoco that it would be good if Legal 
followed up now and then and made sure that pack rats were following the 
policy.   His comment arose from a little situation in which we were served 
with requests for "3 year plans" and Rod was displeased  to learn that some 
folks had kept old plans from 10 years ago.  He (and I suspect all of us) 
would be happier if that didn't happen again.  Any thoughts?  Thanks. DF 
Jeff and Jeff--Pls keep me and Kathy Ringblom posted on whatever you find Thanks. DF
Jeffery Fawcett
09/05/2000 01:31 PM
Jeff,
Is it possible for TW to get a copy of the Edison filing at the CPUC?  While 
the article [shown below] doesn't provide any details, I suspect Edison's 
complaint echoes earlier allegations against El Paso regarding their sale of 
the 1.2 Bcf/d block of capacity to their affiliate.  I don't think 
Transwestern and/or Enron affiliate marketing companies are implicated in 
this deal at all 
Can you confirm this is an "El Paso only" problem and not something Enron is 
being drawn into?  I really appreciate your help here.
Please get copies to me asap of the Edison motion and the CPUC FERC 
complaint.  Has someone, maybe someone at ENA, already looked at any 
allegations about Enron or TW?  Please forward these to Kathy Ringblom also 
and I'll have her itemize any allegations we might want to repond to Thanks  DF 
ET & S Business Intelligence Department
Edison Charges Gas Market Manipulation
Southern California Edison filed a motion late last week with the California 
Public Utility Commission seeking emergency relief from high spot gas prices 
on which its power purchase rates are based. The company told the CPUC that 
Southern California Border (Topock, AZ) prices in the last month have risen 
by $2.50/MMBtu possibly because of market manipulation, in particular the 
withholding off of the market of pipeline transportation capacity between the 
supply basins and the California border. 
"[T]here is substantial and compelling evidence that the basis differential 
has been and continues to be grossly distorted by market power abuse, 
collusion and affiliate self dealing of out-of-state gas suppliers and 
merchants," Edison told the CPUC. 
The company noted the CPUC already has filed a Section 5 complaint with FERC 
regarding this issue and is seeking a recision of "certain allegedly 
collusive contracts which it contends have permitted out-of-state natural gas 
suppliers and their affiliates to drive up artificially California border gas 
prices by wrongfully withholding capacity." It notes the complaint 
"conservatively estimates that the anti-competitive manipulation of the basis 
differential has already damaged California gas and electricity users by $100 
million annually since the beginning of 1998 
Edison seeks an expedited order authorizing it to use the posted gas price of 
$4.5133/MMBtu, which was applied to SCE's August 2000 avoided cost posting, 
to calculate its payment obligations to qualified power producers for the 
month of October and every month going forward. It estimated September 
bidweek border prices would average $7/MMBtu. If such prices were used in 
Edison's September avoided costs posting, its Transition Formula payments to 
certain independent power producers will be $29 million more than the month 
prior, the company told the CPUC. "No mechanism exists to recapture the 
increase in such payments if it is later determined by this commission or in 
another forum that the Topock border indices are unreliable at this time 
Thanks.  Unfortunately, I think the answers are yes and yes.
Kathy Ringblom
09/05/2000 02:49 PM
Well, I'm not sure how responsive Dot's response was to your initial 
communication, but I agree that there is a 10 year retention policy on 
contracts and agreements and their backup.  This to me would only apply to 
all of the gas purchase contracts we pulled from storage, most of which are 
probably close to the end of the 10 years.  Litigation workpapers, which to 
me would include all of the pleadings, correspondence, discovery, exhibits, 
depositions, etc., have a six year retention.  The other documents we pulled 
from storage but didn't produce, such as Mike McGowan's and Mary Kay's old 
files on take-or-pay issues, FERC orders, etc., would have different 
retention policies depending upon their content.
2 questions :
- I assume if we produced an old 3-year plan, even though it should have been 
destroyed long ago, it would now fall under the 6 year litigation workpaper 
retention policy? 
-Do you think documents from the first trial have to "start over" and be kept 
for another 6 years?
I don't know what she is even talking about.  Why does MKM have someone 
"coordinating" the migration to Windows 2000?  Doesn't the IT dept. do that, 
or has MKM taken over the IT dept?  What "issues" could we possibly have Even if we had issues (which I most certainly do not, in spite of what 
everyone says) how could we possibly get the IT juggernaut to pay attention We are all helpless to stop it in spite of our puny efforts to "coordinate" 
or "raise issues".    DF
Maria Pavlou
09/05/2000 03:14 PM
Are you coordinating for legal on migrating to Windows 2000?  Mary Kay asked 
me (at her staff meeting) who was in charge for legal and I had no idea what 
she was even talking about.  Do you know anything about this?   If so, can 
you pls. coordinate with Naomi regarding possible issues that she has already 
identified.  Thanks, Maria 
Great!  L.D. is sending around a new slightly modified term sheet--lets talk 
tomorrow.  I want to get Lee into this also.  Thanks.  DF
Drew, thanks so much for your messages yesterday.  Received the e-mail and 
look forward to discussing it with you - I definitely think I can fit it in 
with my other work (at least I would like to give it a shot).  You know how 
things go...  everything is supposed to happen at once but it never does.  Kim
Good question.  I think John is the designated hen shooter on the Omaha 
marketing team.  John, do we even allow TW people to use Pheasant Haven?  DF
Kevin Hyatt
09/06/2000 05:03 PM
How do I get set up to take customers out on the ET&S pheasant hunts at the 
club?  Who do I need to call?
thanks
KH
Here's the deal--I just talked to my guy out in Kennebec S.D. and got a 
glowing report on the situation.  His opening day group is down to 6 guys so 
he is only giving them access to half of his fields--we get first shot at the 
rest.  He's got so many pheasants he's worried about us limiting out to fast 
and getting mad.    I assured him that the way we all shoot that wouldn't be 
a problem When:  Friday-Sunday, Oct. 27-29 Where:  Kenebec S.D.  (about 2 hours east of Rapid City, about 5 hours from 
Omaha)
$$:   $75 per guy per day if we have at least 8 guys.   If we dwindle to less 
than 8, its $100 per guy.  (he will cut us some slack on this if some of you 
can only hunt 2 days.)
Fish:  Walleye fish fry on Sat. PM included
Lodging :  Super 8 in Chamberlain--about 30 miles away if the weather is 
cold, possible camping in Kennebec if people are up for it.  Super 8 is a 
lovely place:  motto is "Labs sleep free."  $100 per night, 4 guys per room+ 
$25/head/night.
So far, I think we've got 5 or 6 guys locked in solid. Another 6 or 8 have 
been invited but are obtaining spousal consent.   I'd like to get 10 locked 
in solid by end of Sept.  More than that would make the hunting a little 
clumsy.  Bay, my wife says you can't come because your new kid is due around 
this time.  What a lame excuse!!  You were there for the first 4, right Doesn't a guy deserve a bye eventually?  If you guys have anyone else that's 
interested other than the folks that have already been invited, let me know 
as we may want to invite a few more just to make sure we have around 10 Talk to you.  DF
You apparently didn't get this because my computer refuses to recognize your 
correct address.  Maybe this will work--I figured you'd want an opportunity 
to rebut.  Frank responded (through Deb Cappielo--he didn't have the guts to 
call himself) that he actually held the Gen. Couns. and Marketing VP jobs 
simultaneously for 3 months so I'm still way short of matching his record.DF  
In case you haven't already marked your calendars, tomorrow will be my two 
year anniversary with the company.   The good Lord willing (and with Stan's 
and Mike's continued acquiescence) I may even surpass the tenure of my two 
most recent and very illustrious predecessors.  Given your meteoric career 
tracks, however, I'm not sure you guys would view that as a huge 
accomplishment.  Hope all goes well with you both.  Adios from the big O DF 
Damn.  I'm still in third place.  DF
Mark Schroeder@ECT
09/08/2000 08:54 AM
Congratulations.  My tenure (I think it is on a bronze plaque in the entry 
way on the first floor of the Enron building in Omaha) was 25 April 1994 to 7 
June 1996.  Say hello to Sandra.   mcs
You apparently didn't get this because my computer refuses to recognize your 
correct address.  Maybe this will work--I figured you'd want an opportunity 
to rebut.  Frank responded (through Deb Cappielo--he didn't have the guts to 
call himself) that he actually held the Gen. Couns. and Marketing VP jobs 
simultaneously for 3 months so I'm still way short of matching his record.DF  
In case you haven't already marked your calendars, tomorrow will be my two 
year anniversary with the company.   The good Lord willing (and with Stan's 
and Mike's continued acquiescence) I may even surpass the tenure of my two 
most recent and very illustrious predecessors.  Given your meteoric career 
tracks, however, I'm not sure you guys would view that as a huge 
accomplishment.  Hope all goes well with you both.  Adios from the big O DF 
Check with Steve and Lorraine re: whether we should call their lawyer.  I 
don't want to call FERC except as a last resort.  Thanks. DF
Drew -- HH did leave me the new lawyer's name and # so let's discuss whether 
we should phone him once Howard is safely on the plane to Costa Rica.  In the 
meantime, Lorraine already asked Meaders for the cases Howard cited, but he 
said he'd have to consult with his lawyers in order to do that, so I'm sure 
the answer will be "no."  Snooping around at FERC is starting to sound like a 
good idea, but I'm in uncharted territory here so won't do any of that before 
discussing it with you.
Ugh.  We'll keep working this angle if their new attorney shows up on deck, 
but I think Susan and I have done as much as can be done with Howard H.  Do 
any of you know what the Red Cedar facilities look like?  I.e. how many miles 
of line, any big diameter line, any compression, etc?  Howard must have read 
some old cases and gotten himself spooked that their facilites aren't 
gathering under the modified primary function test.  I'm not sure why he 
thinks signing a transport contract with us will make their situation any 
worse, but that seems to be his conclusion.  If Steve and Bill can't nudge 
Red Cedar's management into doing the deal, I'd suggest that you both or one 
of you ask Tsuri (sp?) to have his new lawyer call me and Susan after Howard 
leaves, maybe with one of the Kinder Morgan lawyers on the phone also, and 
we'll try to straighten this out. 
I regret to report that I just ended a very unproductive phone conversation 
with Mr. Hertzberg.  He thanked us for all our cooperation but politely 
declined to give me any information on what authority he was relying on to 
conclude that there is a jurisdictional problem.  However, it sounded to me 
like whatever authority he does have is shaky at best.  He also sounded 
interested in the possibility of our making some sort of anonymous inquiry at 
FERC (if such a thing is possible) on the issue.  Obviously they are very 
leery of making that phone call themselves and risking revealing their 
identity.  He said he would discuss it with Ed Meaders.  Also, he mentioned 
that after tomorrow he will be on vacation for a month, and another attorney 
will be taking over in his absence.  That could be good, or it could be bad Maybe Lorraine can sweet talk Meaders into at least citing us some cases from 
Hertzberg's memo.  At the very least, I hope he will show it to the Kinder 
Morgan lawyers.
Awesome!  Tell Brother Dick that we're thinking about the camping deal--he's 
macho enough to groove on that.  Bummer about your dog rule--I was looking 
forward to sneezing all night.  DF
Dick and I are in for Saturday and likely Sunday.? My guess is we'll stay 
over for the fish... fry.? And, no you cannot sleep with my dog.
I have inquiries out to two other guys.? Let me know if you get short, 
because I can scare up other prospects. 
Here's the deal--I just talked to my guy out in Kennebec S.D. and got a 
glowing report on the situation.? His opening day group is down to 6 guys 
so he is only giving them access to half of his fields--we get first shot 
at the rest.? He's got so many pheasants he's worried about us limiting out 
to fast and getting mad.??? I assured him that the way we all shoot that 
wouldn't be a problem. 
When:? Friday-Sunday, Oct. 27-29. 
Where:? Kenebec S.D.? (about 2 hours east of Rapid City, about 5 hours from 
Omaha) 
$$:?????? $75 per guy per day if we have at least 8 guys.?? If we dwindle 
to less than 8, its $100 per guy.? (he will cut us some slack on this if 
some of you can only hunt 2 days Fish:? Walleye fish fry on Sat. PM included 
Lodging :? Super 8 in Chamberlain--about 30 miles away if the weather is 
cold, possible camping in Kennebec if people are up for it.? Super 8 is a 
lovely place:? motto is "Labs sleep free."? $100 per night, 4 guys per 
room+ $25/head/night. 
So far, I think we've got 5 or 6 guys locked in solid. Another 6 or 8 have 
been invited but are obtaining spousal consent.?? I'd like to get 10 locked 
in solid by end of Sept.? More than that would make the hunting a little 
clumsy.? Bay, my wife says you can't come because your new kid is due 
around this time.? What a lame excuse!!? You were there for the first 4, 
right?? Doesn't a guy deserve a bye eventually?? If you guys have anyone 
else that's interested other than the folks that have already been invited, 
let me know as we may want to invite a few more just to make sure we have 
around 10.? Talk to you.? DF 
Great--Texans know the difference between a dog and a bird.  Still unclear 
whether they recognize the distinction between a hen and a hun!!!  (Read 
John's email more carefully!)  Of course, at Pheasant Haven you can shoot 
both (and probably the dogs too) so the difference doesn't matter.  Kevin, 
I've been thinking about your original reqeust and may need to exercise the 
Legal Dept. veto.  These customers of yours are the same ones that can't 
drive a jet ski without paramedics around, right?  And now you want them 
wandering around Nebraska heavily armed???  What the hell are you thinking DF 
Kevin Hyatt
09/08/2000 12:32 PM
Tell you what, just to make sure I can tell the difference between the lab 
and the Hen, I'll bring my own Lab!  Besides, when I hunted there last, we 
couldn't shoot hens.
PS-- I have my personal duck lease down here that we can also make 
available.  There are overnight quarters if we need them.  (Last year we took 
over 600 ducks off the properties).
KH
John Dushinske
09/07/2000 03:03 PM
Drew - Depends if they can recognize the difference between a Lab and a Hun  We just received the renewal notice for 2000/01.  I recommended to Dave N. 
that we renew the membership.
I will ask Rosemary to give both of you notice when she gets the approval 
from Dave.
Once approved we would be happy to help set up outings 
Thanks.  John 
P.s., thanks for the offer on the duck lease--I may want to join you 
sometime!  DF
Kevin Hyatt
09/08/2000 12:32 PM
Tell you what, just to make sure I can tell the difference between the lab 
and the Hen, I'll bring my own Lab!  Besides, when I hunted there last, we 
couldn't shoot hens.
PS-- I have my personal duck lease down here that we can also make 
available.  There are overnight quarters if we need them.  (Last year we took 
over 600 ducks off the properties).
KH
John Dushinske
09/07/2000 03:03 PM
Drew - Depends if they can recognize the difference between a Lab and a Hun  We just received the renewal notice for 2000/01.  I recommended to Dave N. 
that we renew the membership.
I will ask Rosemary to give both of you notice when she gets the approval 
from Dave.
Once approved we would be happy to help set up outings 
Thanks.  John 
Lou's right, I probably won't be able to help answer any questions, but I am 
happy to offer my insights on how to cut his budget.   DF
09/07/2000 06:47 PM
Louis Soldano
Louis Soldano
Louis Soldano
09/07/2000 06:47 PM
09/07/2000 06:47 PM
do we ever end these financial reviews???  i'm on pins and needles waiting to 
be "summoned" to expalin the $10 million "Soldano settlement" and i never get 
a call 
i'll be in montana on monday...any questions about legal, indian row or 
environmental please call drew...he won't be able to help but call him 
anyway 
legal should be in good shape - just let mike know if anything comes up Stan knows the situation on the indian ROW (i asked him how he wanted to show 
it in the budget) . i don't think we have issues for environmental but bill 
kendrick would be in the best position to answer any questions (sorry 
bill)....i'll be in friday morning if you think we need to discuss 
anything....thx
Elaine Concklin
09/07/2000 06:38 PM
REMINDER:
3rd Current Estimate Officer Review for NNG and TW
Monday,  September 11, 2000
1:30 - 3:00 PM
EB49C2 / OMA717
Thanks,  Elaine
Bummer--it would have been a hoot.  Drinking and guns go together like ham 
and eggs.  I'm in a meeting from 8:15 til 9 but then free for awhile--give me 
a buzz whenever its convenient. DF
Drewski:   I'm not going to be able to make it.  Bad timing unfortunately.
I call you this morning with the skinny.
Here's the deal--I just talked to my guy out in Kennebec S.D. and got a
glowing report on the situation.  His opening day group is down to 6 guys
so he is only giving them access to half of his fields--we get first shot
at the rest.  He's got so many pheasants he's worried about us limiting out
to fast and getting mad.    I assured him that the way we all shoot that
wouldn't be a problem.
When:  Friday-Sunday, Oct. 27-29.
Where:  Kenebec S.D.  (about 2 hours east of Rapid City, about 5 hours from
Omaha)
$$:       $75 per guy per day if we have at least 8 guys.   If we dwindle
to less than 8, its $100 per guy.  (he will cut us some slack on this if
some of you can only hunt 2 days.)
Fish:  Walleye fish fry on Sat. PM included
Lodging :  Super 8 in Chamberlain--about 30 miles away if the weather is
cold, possible camping in Kennebec if people are up for it.  Super 8 is a
lovely place:  motto is "Labs sleep free."  $100 per night, 4 guys per
room+ $25/head/night.
So far, I think we've got 5 or 6 guys locked in solid. Another 6 or 8 have
been invited but are obtaining spousal consent.   I'd like to get 10 locked
in solid by end of Sept.  More than that would make the hunting a little
clumsy.  Bay, my wife says you can't come because your new kid is due
around this time.  What a lame excuse!!  You were there for the first 4,
right?  Doesn't a guy deserve a bye eventually?  If you guys have anyone
else that's interested other than the folks that have already been invited,
let me know as we may want to invite a few more just to make sure we have
around 10.  Talk to you.  DF
I noted in the Finance and Accounting report that you guys are setting up a 
meeting with AA to talk about the draft risk management document that folks 
had been working on a year ago.  Please include Tony and I.   We had some 
questions and concerns that I have long since forgotten but will renew and 
talk to you about before the AA meeting.  Thanks. DF
Shoot, I'll be on my way to KC for KS Ad valorem.  Tony--pls cover for us Thanks DF 
You and Tony are welcome to join us.  We are meeting in EB4262 tomorrow at 
10:00 am.  We've had a similar request from Lee Ferrell, which we would also 
expect to honor.  Please let us know when you'd like to talk prior to the 
meeting.
I noted in the Finance and Accounting report that you guys are setting up a 
meeting with AA to talk about the draft risk management document that folks 
had been working on a year ago.  Please include Tony and I.   We had some 
questions and concerns that I have long since forgotten but will renew and 
talk to you about before the AA meeting.  Thanks. DF
Great--am forwarding to Dave for his thoughts.  I'll talk to you when I get 
back. Marhta--pls print.  DF 
Tony Pryor
09/12/2000 05:23 PM
Drew, attached are my notes from our meeting today. The AA people provided a 
list of questions for us to review and asked us to get back with them on the 
questions. We agreed get back with them in two weeks. Also, Dan and Bob want 
to pow wow on the questions and the policy early next week. It appeared to 
Bob and me that to achieve AA's recommended objective of broadening and 
generalizing the policy along the lines of the Enron Corp policy, the best 
course of action would be to junk the existing one and start from scratch. I 
think you and I have previously agreed that the policy is too narrow. I have 
volunteered to create a new draft policy.
I am also attaching the existing draft policy with my comments.
Here is my suggested mark up (in bold) of Greg's paragraph.  I haven't sent 
it to him yet.  My tiering thing will follow shortly for your review.  Dari, 
please take a look and let me know if you have any heartburn about deleting 
Par. 7.   It is in the standard form OBA, but it is inconsistent with the new 
letter agreement.   DF
Drew, I will send the agreement over shortly.  I wanted you to review the
following.  I suggest inserting it as a new paragraph.
MidAmerican and NNG understand and agree that the original November 29, 1994 
Cedar Rapids and Quad Cities Operational Balancing Agreements ("the OBA's provide for volumetric resolution of imbalances and were not intended to be 
subject to the mandatory cash out provisions of NNG's Ferc Gas Tariff MidAmerican and NNG further understand and agree that the Agreements, as 
clarified
herein, reflect the exclusive manner in which imbalances applicable to NNG
Station Nos.'s 54227 and 62858 will be incurred, valued and resolved.
MidAmerican and NNG acknowledge Northern has filed previously (e.g., Docket
No. RP00-404) and may file from time to time hereafter, to modify or
otherwise affect the manner in which imbalances are valued and resolved on
NNG's system.  Unless otherwise mutually agreed by written amendments to the
Agreements, MidAmerican and NNG expressly agree that any such modifications
or changes, whether approved by FERC or not, shall not modify or affect the
manner in which imbalances applicable to MidAmerican's OBA's are incurred,
valued or resolved.  Consistent with this agreement, MidAmerican and NNG 
agree that Section 7 of the OBA's is hereby deleted in its entirety J. Gregory Porter
Senior Attorney
MidAmerican Energy Company
515-281-2641 (voice)
515-281-2355 (fax)
pls print.  thanks df
Shelley Corman
09/13/2000 01:22 PM
Attached is a draft set of slides and notes for Dave Neubauer's remarks at 
the Sept. 19 FERC Technical conference.  The presentation is built around 
Dave's outline of the six elements of making pipeline capacity "tradeable" 
that he described at the last regulatory roundtable. {Look at powerpoint 
presentation in notes view to see the text}
As you'll see, we are not  advocating for specific regulatory changes in the 
presentation.   Our message is that the Commission does not need to force 
segmentation and one-size-fits-all policies to make capacity trading a 
reality.   Rather,  some minor adjustments, together with growing industry 
acceptance of capacity trading are all that is necessary to make it happen.
Dave's Other Panelists:
Altra will also be on Dave' panel and will talk about trading (most likely 
why their exchange model is superior to EOL Jeff Holligan of Amoco will likely speak about the need for forced pipeline 
capacity auctions as a means to eliminate marketing affiliate concerns and 
the need for standardization to promote liquidity Diane McViker of Salt River Project will talk about why pipelines should be 
willing to keep supplier records for shippers as part of the recent GISB 
cross-contract ranking 
Robert Levin of NY Mercantile Exchange will talk about factors that improve 
liquidity and whether gas markets are liquid today.
Jon Wilems of the Wisc. Distributor group will also speak about greater 
commodization of capacity to develop trading of capacity.
pls print.  thanks. dF
Debbie Moseley
12/15/99 07:59 AM
I thought Becky's draft answer to protests looked great.  Her mention of the 
amount of TW capacity held by the Indicated Shippers was an elegant touch No changes.  Thanks.  DF
I think so--Martha, please get me into this gig.  Thanks DF
Tony Pryor
09/13/2000 04:56 PM
Drew, I thought you might be interested in being a part of this. Does this 
meeting fit your schedule?................Tony
We will meet on 9/18/00 at 2:00 pm in 4262 to discuss Risk Management Policy.
Lee, if you and your staff would like to come, please join in on the fun.
Tony has agreed to move the Policy forward to the next level.  I summarize 
some of the key information below.
The current policy is too restrictive.
We need to better define the type of transactions and who has authority to 
execute and manage. 
Do not include procedures and only discuss policy much like the Corporate 
Risk Management Policy.
Positions will be managed in a portfolio of Gas Commodity positions, however 
not all positions are included in the position limits measurement for this 
policy.  For example the pipelines are long capacity and this can be managed 
in a portfolio without a limit requirement.  Also, TW is long over-retained 
gas and this is a position which does not have to be part of our risk 
management limits.  These positions were created by building a pipeline or 
entering into transport service agreements and seperated approval guidelines 
apply.
North American Natural Gas is the only Commodity Group approved 
Transport Service Agreements are approved in accordance with ET&S policy #1 
and #2.
Financial Risk Management Agreements are approved within the guidelines of 
this policy.  Financial Risk Management Agreements that create risk are 
allowed by the Corporate Policy but not allowed by the ET&S draft policy.  We 
need to think about limits on the creation of risk from Financial Risk 
Management agreements.
take a look and we'll send it to Greg.  DF
Martha Benner
09/14/2000 12:18 PM
Here is Dave's OBA calculation exhibit.  Please call to discuss at your 
convenience.  DF
Dave Neubauer
09/14/2000 01:48 PM
Approved.  DF
Susan Scott
09/14/2000 11:18 AM
Approved, subject to Drew's approval.
Christine Stokes
09/14/2000 09:26 AM
TRANSWESTERN PIPELINE COMPANY
CONTRACT APPROVAL FORM
Please review the attached revised non-standard discount letter to Duke 
Energy Trading & Marketing (DUKE) and the associated letter from Transwestern 
to Duke which outlines the conditions of Transwestern's Contribution in Aid 
of Construction (CIAC) payment to Duke for certain facility upgrades.
The revised discount letter eliminates the reference to actual fuel 
(calculated at 1.5% for the EOT Area) which Duke shall provide to 
Transwestern.  All fuel which Duke shall provide Transwestern shall be at the 
Tariff fuel rate.  Bob Burleson has decided not to monetize the difference 
between actual fuel and Tariff fuel (difference being only .19%) and revise 
the rate given that the current economics of the deal already provide for a 
24% rate of return (not including any fuel retainage "value added" factor).
Transwestern shall pay Duke $750,000 for Duke facility upgrades in order to 
increase gas receipts into Transwestern from Duke's Artesia plant and Big 
Eddy gathering system by an incremental 20,000 Dth/d.  Duke shall 
subsequently subscribe to a five year transportation contract for 20,000 
Dth/d of East of Thoreau  (EOT) capacity at a $.05/Dth/d one-part rate 
effective November 1, 2000.    Duke has been given alternate receipt and 
delivery rights in Transwestern's EOT Area.  Duke has also been granted the 
ability to flow to California on an alternate basis at a total rate of 
$.09/Dth/d. 
Please indicate approval via REPLY WITH HISTORY.  Please contact me at x5702 
if any questions arise.
pls remind me of this.  thanks df
Steve Welch
09/15/2000 03:23 PM
As of September 29th if you have not converted from the "old" ras dial-up 
connection to ipass you will no longer be able to dial into Enron from your 
laptop. This will not effect those that dial in with their "home" computer. I 
need your laptop and the following information,,, RC#, last four numbers of 
your SS, and the company number. The process takes about one hour to load the 
software and test the dial-up connection. We need your info now so we can get 
the account setup, so that when you bring your laptop to me all I have to do 
is load the software and test. Have a great weekend......Steve Welch 
Hey--how the hell are you?  Still having fun and living large in the big 
apple?  Things are great on the prarie--Huskers are No. 1 in the nation (I'm 
actually talking about college womens volleyball since I refuse to watch 
professional Husker football) and wife and small chicks are doing great.  As 
to SD firm, I've almost hired Lynn Jackson Schultz and LeBrun a couple of 
times and then ended up not needing them.  I think its the biggest firm in SD 
(big whoop)  and is pretty well thought of.  I went to college with a partner 
in their Sioux Falls office named Jon Sogn.  He's a commercial litigator and 
a pretty good guy.  Good luck and hope all goes well.  DF
Ruth Lipshitz
09/18/2000 01:44 PM
Can anyone please recommend a South Dakota counsel?
Thanks.
I haven't seen one in a while--please send me the current one.  We are so 
rarely on duty up here in Omaha that it isn't really worth doing for us!  DF
Peggy Phillips   09/18/2000 12:52 PM
Drew,
Do you get an off-duty report for your folks here in Houston?  I print one 
out about once a month and could send you a copy if you wish.  Please let me 
know.
Peggy
pls make the changes from the hardcopy I gave you and forward the completed 
one to Dave Neubauer and me.,  Thanks DF
Dave Neubauer
09/15/2000 05:16 PM
Maria informed me that you left your shootin' irons in Texas when you moved 
up here.  What were you thinking?  I'm organizing a pheasant hunting trip in 
late October out in Western S. D.  Probably leave here Friday , Oct 27 and 
return Sun PM.  Any interest?  DF 
This list looks much better than the other one.  Please make sure that we are 
clear with the FERC people that this is a list of AA projects related to CWIP 
and not a list of everything under the sun that AA does for us.  I want to 
avoid any appearance that we misled the FERC people.  Thanks. DF 
Lee Huber
09/19/2000 04:39 PM
Here is the pared down project report from AA that we will send to FERC 	
Here's the list, which is limited to CWIP, that we would send to the FERC 
auditors.  I'll await Drew's OK before sending. Thanks, Gary.
Heather Mueck
09/19/2000 12:54 PM
Gary -
Revised to include SAP projects related to property.  Let me know if you have 
any changes.
Heather
Now that the celebrating has died down, lets decide whether to seek rehearing 
or clarification of the order.  If there is anything in it that disadvantages 
us, we should consider rehearing, particularly since it is a nearly certain 
that our friends at SoCal will file a nasty one. (It might be good for Steve 
H. or Bill or whoever has the best relationship with SoCal to make a high 
level courtesy call to extend the olive branch and tell them that we'll work 
with them to minimize their concerns blah blah blah.  At minimum, we'll 
probably learn if they do intend to seek rehearing 
I see two things that may be worth seeking rehearing on:
1.  The requirement that we disclose our discount agreements in 15 days FERC really punted this issue.  They say that "since the expansion capacity 
is fully subscribed we see no reason why Transwestern should not publicly 
disclose the agreements. . . . "  This is the first time I've heard of any 
rule that if your project is fully subscribed you therefore lose your right 
to confidential treatment of sensitive pricing info.  At minimum, we could 
argue that the requirement is arbitrary and capricious because FERC didn't 
even mention its normal regulations and procedures governing filing of 
discount reports.  It just cited the certificate regulation that requires an 
applicant to "file" its rate information with the Commission (which we did) 
and ignores the regulation (Sec. 284.7(c)(6)) that doesn't require a pipeline 
to publicly disclose its discounts until 15 days  after the close of the 
billing period to which the discount pertained.  The commercial people need 
to decide if we care about this issue--i.e., how upset will the customers 
with the high rates be when they learn about the low rates?    Also, Frank 
and Steve and Susan--since the order imposes a 15 day deadline on this issue, 
do we need to file for a stay first and then rehearing? 
2.  The ECS issue I think we can work around this for the Gallup project, by filing a report 
describing the operational control TW has under the O & M agreement.   I've 
talked to Mark Knippa of ECS and he is running the idea by Courtney and will 
get back to me today.  My real worry is what the "operational control" 
requirement does to our future outsourcing/ monetization projects.  I think 
ECS and Hanover need to have operational control over the assets in our other 
deals (i.e., TW compressor monetization) in order for both of us to get the 
accounting treatment we need to monetize the forward revenue streams.  If we 
agree that TW will keep absolute operational control on this deal, FERC will 
use it as precedent when we come in with the TW compression deal.  Arthur 
Anderson will crap on the monetization part of that deal (which is, after 
all, the whole point of doing it) if TW retains too much control over the 
asset.  I'm not sure how to solve this yet, but lets all put some thought 
into it 
3.  Any others 
I'll turf to MKM the question of whether we need to set up a meeting on this 
and when to chat.  DF
I heard there was an article in the WSJ a few days ago on Blockbuster and 
that mentioned the Enron deal--could you send it to me?  Thanks. dF
Thanks.  DF
ET & S Business Intelligence Department
Drew, 
This was in today's WSJ, but I don't see anything prior to that that isn't a 
month old or more on the Blockbuster deal.  There was an announcement on the 
wires on September 6 dealing with the n-Cube technology that will be used in 
the Blockbuster deal.  Let me know if this is it!
Lorna  
Texas Journal  
T2  
Blockbuster hasn't enjoyed a great market reception. 
In fact, it has fared so poorly since going public 13 months ago that today 
you can pick up a share of the Dallas video-rental giant for the price of a 
video rental and a couple of late fees. 
But analysts who have promoted the stock from its initial public offering in 
August 1999 say now is a better time than ever to bet on Blockbuster. They 
say the company is poised to capitalize both on its ubiquitous stores and the 
emerging market for delivering movies over the Internet. 
"There are a lot of factors that make it incredibly attractive," says Patrick 
J. O'Hare, an analyst in Chicago with briefing.com, an online market-analysis 
firm. 
For starters, Blockbuster, with 5,000 blue-and-yellow stores in the U.S. 
alone, is the leading video retailer and one of the country's best-known 
brand names. Its stock, which closed yesterday at $9.188, looks inexpensive. 
Blockbuster is also moving beyond its storefronts. In July, Blockbuster 
signed a 20-year agreement to sell movies over the growing broadband network 
being built by Houston-based Enron. 
There's more. Mr. O'Hare notes that the company's earnings are expected to 
grow at a 20% annual clip over the next five years, while the stock trades at 
a relatively inexpensive 14 times earnings. In 2001, the company's earnings 
are projected to grow by 28%. So by one measure, Blockbuster trades for about 
half that rate. The stock also trades for less than one third of its book 
value. 
Of course, the stock price has been depressed for a long time, ever since 
majority owner Viacom sold 18% of Blockbuster in an IPO. (New York-based 
Viacom plans to distribute the rest to its shareholders, but is waiting for 
the price to rise.) Blockbuster ended its first day of trading at $15, its 
offering price. It went down from there and bottomed out at $8.88 on June 27. 
Not even a better-than-expected second-quarter financial report on Aug. 2 
helped much. The company lost 16 cents a share, compared with a 28-cent net 
loss a year earlier. Excluding losses from new-media initiatives, such as 
development of its Blockbuster.com Web site, it posted cash earnings of $24.1 
million, or 14 cents a share, which beat analysts' expectations. 
Analysts say the news will improve, with a consensus estimate that 
Blockbuster will earn 64 cents a share before charges this year. The company 
also expects its market share to reach at least 35% this year, four times 
that of its nearest competitor, Hollywood Entertainment's Hollywood Video. 
It adds up to rosy projections. Briefing.com's Mr. O'Hare says the stock 
could double in the next 12 to 18 months. Salomon Smith Barney analyst David 
Riedel in New York has a $26 target price, also in 12 to 18 months. (Mr. 
Riedel's firm was an underwriter for Blockbuster's IPO 
So why has the stock languished? One culprit is the new-media initiatives, 
which are obscuring the company's profits elsewhere. And, as Blockbuster 
Chief Executive John Antioco noted recently when warning that third-quarter 
revenue would be slow, there have been few recent big hits among the new 
video releases. 
Mr. Antioco also acknowledges there may be confusion over how well 
Blockbuster is mixing its traditional retail business with the advent of 
movies-on-demand and other new-media ventures. Indeed, for all Blockbuster's 
talk about new media, it doesn't yet deliver movies electronically and 
customers still can't do things like reserve movies by using Blockbuster.com. 
Thus far, customers can do little more than buy videos and digital videodisks 
on the Web site. 
"Perhaps the story may be more complicated than some people have time for Mr. Antioco says. "People who buy retail stocks don't fully understand our 
story, and people who buy media stocks may not totally understand the 
transition." In the end, the company will be a mix of new media and 
traditional retailing. But until that picture becomes clearer, the result, 
Mr. Antioco says, "is the stock malaise 
But Mr. Antioco says Blockbuster is now in an ideal position. The company has 
delivered solid earnings from its core video-store business and has struck 
potentially big deals to bring movies to consumers in their homes. 
"Blockbuster, as a pure retail play, has done what it said it's going to do Mr. Antioco says. "Now we have several [new-media] plays beyond that 
Indeed, just this year Blockbuster has entered into five deals to supplement 
its in-store rentals through showings of movies on outlets such as DirecTV, a 
unit of Hughes Electronics, El Segundo, Calif. 
The agreement with the most potential, analysts say, is the Enron deal, in 
which Blockbuster will distribute movies over the energy giant's broadband 
network to set-top boxes in consumers' homes. Mr. Antioco says Blockbuster 
will be delivering movies in a couple of markets served by Enron's network by 
the end of the year and predicts that will be just a prelude to a wider 
rollout in 2001. 
Certainly, there are potential stumbling blocks. To make the deal work, Enron 
and Blockbuster need digital-subscriber-line providers to step up enrollment 
and solve the spotty service and technical glitches that have plagued large 
numbers of users. 
"The issue for Blockbuster is going to be availability," says Mike Goodman, a 
senior analyst with Yankee Group, a market-research firm in Boston. Yankee 
projects there will be 1.45 million DSL users by the end of this year, 
increasing to about 8.4 million in 2004. 
That's a substantial number of subscribers, but it's also just a potential 
customer base for Blockbuster. Mr. Antioco says the digital future is a ways 
off -- it may be 10 years before revenue from electronic delivery of movies 
catches up with video-store revenue. 
Even the beginning of the DSL-dependent rollout will take up to a couple of 
years, according to Forrester Research of Cambridge, Mass. It says movies 
won't be delivered to more than a few markets until sometime in 2002 -- not 
2001, as Blockbuster predicts. But Mr. Antioco says agreements with the 
regional phone companies that provide DSL will bear fruit sooner and that the 
company will soon announce other partners such as a maker of the set-top 
boxes needed to order movies. 
Briefing.com's Mr. O'Hare argues that now is the time to buy because 
Blockbuster's stock could move fast once investors grasp the possibilities of 
the company's plan for multimedia distribution. 
Both Mr. O'Hare and Salomon Smith Barney's Mr. Riedel classify Blockbuster as 
particularly risky but say the company's outside-the-store initiatives should 
serve as a catalyst for the stock over the next 18 or so months. 
Mr. O'Hare says that time frame may not be compatible with investors' "notion 
of instant gratification." But, he says, "it's worth it 
in this case  
Am I the only one who doesn't understand this answer?  DF
Elaine Concklin
09/20/2000 06:04 PM
FYI -  regarding your question this afternoon.
Everyone be sure to dream up some creative ways to improve earnings . . .  We 
need revisions by Friday morning.
Thanks!  Elaine
Tracy Geaccone
09/20/2000 05:54 PM
$2.5MM SAP accrual which I will use to offset the increase in the Corp 
charges for this year instead of charging to the pipelines.
$5.0 -$6.0MM I hope to be able to carry over to next year.  It depends on the 
$ some costs really come in at.  We did some things in the second quarter to 
hold income back.  I can't  really reverse this year.  If our GPG target does 
go up to $401MM, I will have a $35 MM hole at my level.
I wrote off business development projects and some other things.
The inventory deal is still up in the air.  Rod will know more tomorrow.
At this point in time, even if it happens higher, we will still have a hole.
Maybe they can try the structured products 
Tracy
Elaine Concklin
09/20/2000 04:10 PM
Tracy,
Can you tell me what the ($10.2) for Enron Pipeline Company is in the 3CE 
(primarily in Q1 & Q2)?  That seems to be creating the remaining GPG hole for 
the year.
Our officers had been counting on having more reserves to carry into 2001 to 
help fill the NNG and TW gaps.  I also heard from Bob that the inventory deal 
may still be viable at a higher amount - more like $20MM.  Do you have any 
updates on that?
Thanks,  Elaine
Per my voice mail yesterday--I'm getting more curious about what's going on 
with every garbled answer I get.  DF
Am I the only one who doesn't understand this answer?  DF
Elaine Concklin
09/20/2000 06:04 PM
FYI -  regarding your question this afternoon.
Everyone be sure to dream up some creative ways to improve earnings . . .  We 
need revisions by Friday morning.
Thanks!  Elaine
Tracy Geaccone
09/20/2000 05:54 PM
$2.5MM SAP accrual which I will use to offset the increase in the Corp 
charges for this year instead of charging to the pipelines.
$5.0 -$6.0MM I hope to be able to carry over to next year.  It depends on the 
$ some costs really come in at.  We did some things in the second quarter to 
hold income back.  I can't  really reverse this year.  If our GPG target does 
go up to $401MM, I will have a $35 MM hole at my level.
I wrote off business development projects and some other things.
The inventory deal is still up in the air.  Rod will know more tomorrow.
At this point in time, even if it happens higher, we will still have a hole.
Maybe they can try the structured products 
Tracy
Elaine Concklin
09/20/2000 04:10 PM
Tracy,
Can you tell me what the ($10.2) for Enron Pipeline Company is in the 3CE 
(primarily in Q1 & Q2)?  That seems to be creating the remaining GPG hole for 
the year.
Our officers had been counting on having more reserves to carry into 2001 to 
help fill the NNG and TW gaps.  I also heard from Bob that the inventory deal 
may still be viable at a higher amount - more like $20MM.  Do you have any 
updates on that?
Thanks,  Elaine
The last couple of meetings with Elaine have been full of surprises for all 
of us!  DF
Steven Harris
09/21/2000 10:44 AM
I am a little confused myself, especially since I was not in the meeting and 
have come to find out that even with all the max rate deals we have done and 
the fuel hedges TW is still $15 million short 
Am I the only one who doesn't understand this answer?  DF
Elaine Concklin
09/20/2000 06:04 PM
FYI -  regarding your question this afternoon.
Everyone be sure to dream up some creative ways to improve earnings . . .  We 
need revisions by Friday morning.
Thanks!  Elaine
Tracy Geaccone
09/20/2000 05:54 PM
$2.5MM SAP accrual which I will use to offset the increase in the Corp 
charges for this year instead of charging to the pipelines.
$5.0 -$6.0MM I hope to be able to carry over to next year.  It depends on the 
$ some costs really come in at.  We did some things in the second quarter to 
hold income back.  I can't  really reverse this year.  If our GPG target does 
go up to $401MM, I will have a $35 MM hole at my level.
I wrote off business development projects and some other things.
The inventory deal is still up in the air.  Rod will know more tomorrow.
At this point in time, even if it happens higher, we will still have a hole.
Maybe they can try the structured products 
Tracy
Elaine Concklin
09/20/2000 04:10 PM
Tracy,
Can you tell me what the ($10.2) for Enron Pipeline Company is in the 3CE 
(primarily in Q1 & Q2)?  That seems to be creating the remaining GPG hole for 
the year.
Our officers had been counting on having more reserves to carry into 2001 to 
help fill the NNG and TW gaps.  I also heard from Bob that the inventory deal 
may still be viable at a higher amount - more like $20MM.  Do you have any 
updates on that?
Thanks,  Elaine
Sounds tempting, but I'm otherwise committed.  DF
Paul Gertsen  Hey -
I just found out there's a live web cam right down the block from the
library, focused on a Snoopy statue.
If I go stand there at 1:30 central
will you  take a look?
I'll send the address - I checked it out. It works.
Should we try it?
pkg
Some of you may have seen the article in the WSJ already, but for those of us 
in Omaha (who don't typically get the Texas Edition) it was news to us.  Not 
only is the article relevant because it apparently caused the stock to dip by 
$10, but the article elaborates on concerns that apply to a form of 
accounting that some of our commercial people would like to have apply to our 
business.  I'm not sure the accounting rules would permit mark to market 
treatment for transport or storage contracts, but it may be appropriate for 
financial or commodity deals.  DF
TEXAS JOURNAL
Energy Traders Cite Gains, But Some Math Is Missing
By Jonathan Weil
Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
09/20/2000
The Wall Street Journal
Texas Journal
T1
Volatile prices for natural gas and electricity are creating high-voltage 
earnings growth at some companies with large energy-trading units. But 
investors counting on these gains could be in for a jolt down the road. 
Shares of these companies have been on a tear lately. And some of the biggest 
players are in Houston, the center of the energy-trading industry. Dynegy 
Inc.'s stock is up more than fourfold so far this year at $53.438, and now 
trades for 41 times what analysts project the company's 2000 earnings will 
be, according to First Call/Thomson Financial. Shares of Enron Corp., the 
largest trader of gas and electricity in North America, have nearly doubled 
this year to $84.875, or 60 times earnings. Meanwhile, El Paso Energy Corp.'s 
stock has jumped 61% this year to $62.375, or 24 times earnings.
Traders at these and other companies are capitalizing on the wild price 
swings and supply fluctuations that have accompanied deregulation in some 
regional markets. Natural-gas prices have more than doubled in the past year, 
while supplies have tightened. And the rapid price fluctuations for 
electricity have prompted many large businesses to seek price protection 
through hedging or fixed-price contracts, generating large premiums for 
traders. 
But what many investors may not realize is that much of these companies' 
recent profits constitute unrealized, noncash gains. Frequently, these 
profits depend on assumptions and estimates about future market factors, the 
details of which the companies do not provide, and which time may prove 
wrong. And because of minimal disclosure standards in these kinds of cases, 
it's difficult for investors to assess whose assumptions might be too 
aggressive, or what market changes might invalidate the assumptions -- and 
force earnings revisions. 
"There could be a quality-of-earnings issue," says Tom Linsmeier, an 
associate professor of accounting at Michigan State University, who 
co-authored the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission's rules on 
market-risk disclosures for financial instruments. "There certainly might be 
great volatility that could cause what now looks like a winning, locked-in 
gain to not arise sometime in the future 
The companies reject any suggestion that there may be quality problems with 
their earnings. 
But at the heart of the situation is an accounting technique that allows 
companies to include as current earnings those profits they expect to realize 
from energy-related contracts and other derivative instruments in future 
periods, sometimes stretching over more than 20 years. 
So-called mark-to-market accounting is mandated by accounting-rule makers 
when companies have outstanding energy-related contracts on their books at 
the end of a quarter, such as agreements to sell electricity or buy natural 
gas over a period of time at certain prices. Under those rules, companies 
estimate the fair market values of those contracts on their balance sheets 
each quarter as assets or liabilities. Changes in the value of a contract 
from quarter to quarter then are either added to or subtracted from net 
earnings. 
If, for instance, the market price for natural gas rises above the price 
specified in a company's contract to buy gas, generally the company will 
record an unrealized gain. That gain is recognized as income and recorded as 
an asset on the company's balance sheet. At the end of each quarter, the 
contract is revalued. The value of the previously recorded asset is 
increased, and any increase in unrealized gain is recorded as additional 
income. Conversely, if the market value for gas falls, and the value of the 
contract has declined, any change in the contract's value is recorded on the 
company's balance sheet, and a loss is recorded on its income statement. e 
Yet in their financial reports, the companies only vaguely describe the 
methods they use to come up with fair-value estimates on the contracts. 
Increasingly, quoted market prices offering independent guidance are becoming 
readily available for several years into the future. However, with some 
long-term derivative instruments, particularly electricity contracts, future 
market prices don't extend far enough to cover the full life of those 
contracts. And in those cases, companies are allowed to base valuations on 
their own undisclosed estimates, assumptions and pricing models. 
"Ultimately they're telling you what they think the answer is, but they're 
not telling you how they got to that answer," says Stephen Campbell, an 
analyst at Business Valuation Services in Dallas. "That is essentially saying 
`trust me 
Accounting-rule makers at the Financial Accounting Standards Board have 
debated the subject of how to value energy-related contracts extensively in 
recent months. "Two companies in similar circumstances might apply different 
methods to estimate the fair value of their energy-related contracts and may 
arrive at widely different values," an FASB task force studying the issue 
wrote in a June report. "Those differences lead to the question of whether 
some of the methods in practice yield estimated amounts that are not 
representative of fair value 
Despite this concern, FASB isn't inclined to offer any explicit guidance for 
how such contracts should be valued. "There are just too many models and too 
many different types of instruments for us to have a one-size-fits-all type 
of model," explains Timothy Lucas, FASB's director of research in Norwalk, 
Conn. 
One way to determine the size of a company's unrealized gains is to compare 
the change in the values of net assets from risk-management activities from 
quarter to quarter. Some companies also disclose how much they're adjusting 
their cash-flow statements to reflect unrealized gains that have been booked 
as earnings. That's how one can determine the size of the unrealized gains at 
Dynegy and Enron, for example, the two companies confirm. 
A reporter's examination of Dynegy's financial filings shows the company's 
earnings are highly dependent on unrealized gains from risk-management 
activities. For its most recent quarter, ended June 30, Dynegy reported 
earnings of 38 cents a diluted share -- 71% of which came from unrealized 
gains, the company confirms. (The company's per-share earnings would have 
been 20 cents higher if not for a one-time stock dividend.) For all of 1999, 
Dynegy recorded $115 million in unrealized gains, accounting for 51% of its 
earnings. 
Enron confirms it booked $747 million in unrealized gains from 
risk-management activities during the second quarter, more than the company's 
total $609 million in earnings before interest and taxes. Absent unrealized 
gains, the company would have reported a quarterly loss. For the quarter, the 
company reported earnings of 34 cents a diluted share, up 26% from a year 
earlier. 
But not all companies disclose enough information for investors to calculate 
how large their unrealized gains are. El Paso says that's the case with its 
own quarterly reports, which disclose short-term assets and liabilities from 
risk-management activities -- but not long-term risk-management assets and 
liabilities. 
For the second quarter, El Paso reported that its energy marketing and 
trading unit earned $152 million before interest and taxes, 24 times what it 
earned a year earlier. In an interview, El Paso's chief financial officer, 
Brent Austin, says unrealized gains represented about a third of that total. 
He says most of the cash from those gains will materialize within a year. 
In its financial reports, Dynegy highlights the uncertainties with some 
contract valuations. It explains that with some long-term contracts for which 
market-price quotes aren't available, "the lack of long-term pricing 
liquidity requires the use of mathematical models to value these commitments 
. . . [using] historical market data to forecast future elongated pricing 
curves." Dynegy cautions that actual cash returns may "vary, either 
positively or negatively, from the results estimated 
But like Enron, El Paso and others, Dynegy provides scant details about its 
mathematical models -- such as the assumptions they use for market volatility 
and long-term price forecasts for natural gas and electricity. Nor is the 
company required to disclose more. 
"The disclosure mentions risks," says John Cassidy, an analyst who tracks 
Dynegy for Moody's Investors Service in New York. "But I don't know that the 
disclosure offers enough detail for you to be able to quantify how much risk 
there is 
El Paso's filings warn that "because the valuation of these financial 
instruments can involve estimates, changes in the assumptions underlying 
these estimates can occur, changing our valuation and potentially resulting 
in financial losses." Enron cautions that the values it assigns to various 
transactions are based on "management's best estimate 
The companies are required to disclose what they think their maximum 
potential single-day risk-management losses might be, figures that also are 
based on various undisclosed market assumptions. But energy traders cite 
competitive reasons for not disclosing more. 
"You don't necessarily want to tip off everyone to what you're doing," says 
John Harrison, chief financial officer for El Paso's merchant-energy unit. 
Echoing remarks by executives at other energy traders, Enron's executive vice 
president and chief accounting officer, Richard Causey, says Enron runs a 
relatively balanced portfolio and that the estimates factored into his 
company's valuations are conservative. In large part, he says, those 
estimates are based on quoted market prices where available. Where they're 
not available, Mr. Causey says Enron bases its estimates in part on long-term 
pricing trends, as well as the company's own trading experience, which dates 
to 1990. 
Further, Mr. Causey says, Enron's unrealized gains don't depend heavily on 
gains from long-term contracts that extend beyond the periods for which 
market quotes are available, reducing the potential for significant earnings 
revisions. The average length of Enron's risk-management contracts is just 
two years, he says. To be sure, though, some of Enron's electricity contracts 
extend for 25 years. 
"We're getting the cash in quicker than you might think," Mr. Causey says. 
"They don't stay unrealized very long 
El Paso says its contracts have an average life of six years, with some 
running as long as 20 years. Dynegy says the longest risk-management 
contracts for which it uses mark-to-market accounting are 10 years, though it 
doesn't disclose an average length. Dynegy's chief financial officer, Robert 
Doty, says 96% of the company's gas contracts close out by 2002, while 75% of 
its power contracts expire by 2003. "The cash will come in," he says. 
As for why the company doesn't disclose the extent of any bias, bullish or 
bearish, it has in the market, Dynegy executives say that information, like 
the estimates behind its mathematical models, is proprietary. Such 
disclosures may be outdated anyway by the time they could be included in 
public financial filings, says Michael Mott, a Dynegy vice president. Mr. 
Mott further explains that Dynegy could be realizing more cash earnings now 
if it wanted to. But "we don't see that would be in the best interests of 
shareholders," Mr. Mott says, because the company figures it can earn more 
later by leaving much of its gains unrealized for now. 
Mr. Linsmeier of Michigan State compares the current situation for energy 
traders with the accounting controversies that engulfed subprime automobile 
and residential lenders during the late 1990s, though he emphasizes it's too 
far early to tell whether the consequences will be similar. Using so-called 
gain-on-sale accounting (a form of mark-to-market accounting), those lenders 
booked earnings from loans as soon as they were made, rather than having to 
wait for them to be paid off, as banks typically do. 
But as interest rates fell in 1998, many customers paid off their loans 
earlier than expected, slashing lenders' profit margins. Compounding matters, 
the market for mortgage-backed securities dried up in the wake of financial 
chaos in Russia and other foreign markets, leaving lenders to bear the higher 
risks of many new loans. 
Many investors complained they were blindsided, in part because these lenders 
generally hadn't disclosed their assumptions about prepayment rates and other 
variables. After the crash, subprime lenders routinely began disclosing the 
key assumptions used to value their mortgage portfolios. 
At New York University, accounting professor Baruch Lev says investors would 
be better served if energy traders' financial filings explained the effects 
of hypothetical commodity-price movements on the values of their 
risk-management assets, and disclosed the basic assumptions about future 
commodity-price movements ingrained in their mathematical models. Says Mr. 
Lev, "I would like to see much more disclosure, particularly given that this 
is now becoming a significant component of their earnings."
Congratulations on your new responsibilities.  I look forward to working with 
you on the Litigation Unit stuff (as Eric will advise you, a very pleasant 
task!).  DF 
Michael Moran
09/26/2000 03:47 PM
Sent by: Emily Sellers
Please see attached memo.
Congrats big guy!  I look forward to showing you the sights in the Big O Since that will only take about 10 minutes, we'll have plenty time to go out 
for a beer afterwords!  DF
I am pleased to announce that Frank Semin has been promoted to Director of 
Marketing for the Central LDC Team in the Business Development and Marketing 
Group and will be relocating to the Omaha.
Frank brings extensive experience to this position having previously worked 
in Gas Accounting, Financial Planning and most recently as an Account Rep for 
the North LDC Team.
Frank received his B.S. from Creighton and Masters in Economics from 
University of Nebraska at Omaha 
Please join me in congratulating Frank on his new position. 
Good idea--its good to get Martha out of town now and then so the rest of us 
can get some rest!  DF
Rick Dietz
09/28/2000 01:17 PM
My Contract Administration staff is having a meeting on October 6th to 
discuss our document control process and have requested that Martha Benner 
attend this meeting.   Since it would be more effective if she were in 
Houston for this meeting (rather than on the telephone), would you approve 
for her to travel?  I'm sure that she could arrange to spend some of her time 
with the Houston law department as well.
Rick
You guys are making us and our shareholders rich.  I hope you are having fun=20
doing it.  Keep up the good work!  DF
FYI, a daily report put out by CIBC illustrating their view on the emerging=20
market 
Daily Teletimes  CIBC World Markets
We had a very informative meeting with Enron=01,s management yesterday--Jeff=20
Skilling, CEO of Enron (ENE - Buy) as well as Ken Rice, CEO of Enron=20
Communications and their Software VP, David Berberian and others. Enron has=20
built out a substantial fiber network and begun to make substantial moves=20
towards developing a bandwidth trading market.  We don=01,t believe that a lot=20
of telecom investors understand how well thought out and agressive Enron=20
plans on being in this market.  It appears that Enron is now planning to=20
articulate its strategy- specifically at their investor conference on January=20
20th in New York.  While details will have to wait until the 20th, Enron is=20
essentially aiming to build a gateway tieing in all the major long-distance=20
networks, guaranteeing premium quality and pricing in doing so (i.e. a =20
=01&Network of Networks=018).  While ENE does plan to use its own network to carry=20
traffic, it plans to focus largely on seamlessly integrating capacity bought=20
on other carriers networks.  Operationally, this boils down to a very smart=20
switching system that gives customers the capabilities and reliability of a=20
single network at the front-end while integrating capacity sourced from=20
multiple networks on the back end, creating more robust overall transport=20
capabilities.  ENE believes that this integration of multiple networks will=20
offer greater path diversity, reliability, and efficiency than any=20
single-network solution.  We note that Enron=01,s multi-sourcing approach is=20
tailor-made to foster the development of a robust capacity trading market (as=20
discussed in our recent bandwidth trading report).  Given Enron=01,s dominance=20
of the electricity and natural gas markets, we believe that there is no=20
better positioned company to create and capitalize on such a market in=20
bandwidth.   While we await further details, we did leave the meeting with a=20
much greater understanding of and confidence in ENE=01,s overall telecom=20
strategy.  We believe that their telecom business could create tens of=20
billions of dollars of shareholder value if ENE executes well.  We recommend=20
that telecom investors make an effort to attend the Jan. 20 meeting.=20
Tim Horan 212-667-5459
I've redlined the outline to address what I believe is the most important 
risk you guys will face out there:  the risk that FERC will listen to your 
presentation and conclude that the embedded optionality that some pipelines 
are currently offering in transport contracts is a negotiated term and 
condition and therefore must be stopped.  I think we need to tailor the 
presentation and filing to minimize the chance that FERC will take away 
flexibility we think we now have (i.e., the flexibility to embed shipper puts 
in transport contracts).   Even if the TW approach on unbundled options goes 
nowhere, several of the strategies we may want to implement next year depend 
on continued ability to sell embedded options.   Susan, Shelley,a nd MKM, I 
still think it is a good idea to push this proposal, but am concerned that 
FERC might squirrel and go the opposite direction we are trying to push 
them.  Your thoughts?  DF
Susan Scott
09/28/2000 03:27 PM
Nancy, I've prepared the attached outline in response to FERC Staff's request 
that we provide "something in writing."  This is basically just a description 
of our proposal.  I've tried to keep it brief so that staff members are not 
reading while we're trying to talk to them.  It should be enough information 
to raise a lot of questions.
Please wait until Shelley or I give you the go-ahead to pass this along to 
the relevant Commission people; I'd like to give the other addressees the 
opportunity to comment on this to the extent possible 
Everyone else:  please give me your comments ASAP as Nancy has been asked to 
provide something to them tomorrow.
the bid/asked spread narrows as you go out in time also--weird.  I'll come 
down and grab you guys in a minute as I have a few questions.  Thanks.  DF 
Why the drop in prices in '02?  Did the person who gave you the quotes 
explain that?  That is a surprise to me 
The Market Services bullets listed a capacity release deal between MUD and 
Oxy at 102% of max. rates.  Please let me know whatever we know about that 
deal--points, term, etc.  Very interesting.  DF
Thanks for the prompt info!!  I hope we can help this guy get his power plant 
built.  DF
I was not able to get the bid offer spread but I was able to get the mid 
market for 8 years out:
2003           50.25
2004           43.5
2005            43.5
2006             43.50
2007             43.65
2008            44.25
2009             45
2010             45.75
I also checked with my buddy about why the value of Pale Verde value tails 
off in the out years.   He says it is because a large part of there power 
supply is generated by hydro plants and part of the spike this year was 
created by the lack of moisture this past winter.
Sorry, just got back from Houston and my duties require me to be in the big O 
for a few days.  Enerson and I were just talking about you on Friday--I'm 
forwarding this to him so he can take you out and feed you.  Hope all goes 
well.  Give me a ring if you have a few minutes and I'll give you the update 
on what's going on up here (dial 87-7449 in case you've forgotten how to dial 
us from world headquarters).  DF
Mark Schroeder@ECT
10/02/2000 10:35 AM
I am in Houston today, tomorow, and through Wed. to 1400.  If either or both 
of you guys are in Houston and free for lunch, let me know.   mcs
John, great to hear that you are still doing the Lord's work on this case Sounds like you have things well in hand and that the appeal argument went 
well.  Good luck on this one and please let me know how it turns out--in 
fact, please send me a copy of the appellate decision when issued at this 
email address or by mail at 1111 S. 103d St. Omaha Nebraska, 68124.  Thanks DF
We argued the Bath appeal in the Second Circuit last Friday.  Bath's
counsel went first for 10 minutes; I was second for 8 minutes; Alan Knauf
was next for CREST for 2 minutes; David Connors took 2 minutes for TPC; and
Bath's counsel took the final 2 minutes for rebuttal.  The panel took the
matter under advisement when the argument was finished.
The panel was Judge Jacobs (who was on the recent Primetime 24 Joint
Venture case dealing with the "access barring" sham exception to Noerr-
Pennington), Judge Straub and Judge Sacks.  All three are from private
practice with large firms.
The argument went reasonably well, although the panel played it pretty
close to the vest.  Bath's counsel was not brilliant and received a lot of
hard questions from the bench.  The panel seemed to have no trouble with
the fact that the District Court reviewed the administrative record in
addition to the allegations in Bath's complaint.  They got close to getting
a concession from Bath's counsel that the complaint alleges damages from
long delays in the administrative process, which necessarily puts at issue
the overall course of the agency proceedings and requires the judge to
review the record.
The panel also seemed uninterested in Bath's argument that Noerr-Pennington
immunity only applies to antitrust cases.  The panel recognized that the
First Amendment protections must apply to all types of causes of action.
The biggest issue for the panel appeared to be the "fraud" sham exception
to Noerr-Pennington.  During argument, Bath's counsel suggested that, if
only he had discovery, he would be able to prove that MHP's experts had
"doctored" the geological data as part of submitting their fraudulent
affidavits.  I countered that this was the first we had ever heard of such
allegations, that they were never part of Bath's complaint, and that the
only allegation was that the expert's "opinions" were wrong and without
basis.
The court came back to the question of what to do if a party claims that
there has been clear fraud committed during the agency proceeding.  I
argued, and Judge Straub agreed, that such fraud is only relevant under the
case law if it goes to the very core of the proceeding and deprives it of
its legitimacy.  The district court's opinion establishes that noting like
that occurred here.
Finally, both I and David Connors argued that the lower court's alternative
proximate cause ruling was independently fatal to Bath's complaint, in that
the alleged "fraud", even if it had occurred, did not cause any of Bath's
alleged damages.
Please call me (202-719-7038) if you would like further details regarding
the argument.  Otherwise, we will just have to wait for the decision.
pls print.  thanks df
Tony Pryor
10/02/2000 11:14 AM
Drew, here's the revised draft...............Tony
I would like to meet again to discuss the current status of the Policy early 
next week.  Tony give us a date and everyone please review the changes.
please find out when/where this meeting is and get me in on it--also, is this 
attachment the same document that Tony sent me and I sent to you to print thanks df
Revised Trading Policy.  We would like to get together in room 4263 to review 
your comments and make changes as necessary.
Thanks, Dan
this answers when and where
Sorry, we plan to meet on Weds. 10/4 at 10:00 am if thats ok with everyone.
Dan
Revised Trading Policy.  We would like to get together in room 4263 to review 
your comments and make changes as necessary.
Thanks, Dan
pls print.  thanks df
Tony Pryor
10/03/2000 03:41 PM
Here's the form Tana sent me. Let's look at it and finalize an intra-company 
contract between NNG and TW.
Per our conv., attached is form of master.
the former--an extension of the 15 day deadline on disclosing the prices 
I'm confused -- are we asking for an extension of time to comply with the 
Commission's conditions, or an extension of time to file a motion for 
rehearing 
Eric, I think it would be good for you to join us for this meeting.  We're 
following up on some concerns that arose during the Conoco case about 
inadequate compliance with Enron document retention policies.  I'm not sure 
that this subject is within your turf down there, but your historical 
experience may be useful 	
Great!!  Here's my question--what responsibility does the legal department 
have to publicize/enforce the Enron document retention policy in other 
departments?  If it isn't our responsibility, whose is it?  I'm concerned 
based on our experience in the Conoco case that most departments 
(occasionally including law) simply ignore the policy 
I think this subject matter is so interesting that I'm asking the regulatory, 
marketing, and market services departments to send a designated 
representative to attend.   Mary Kay and Julia--please have someone on your 
staff whose responsibility includes managing your inventory of paper join us 
in the VCRs on Oct 10 at 1:30.  We'll be reviewing the Enron document 
retention policies and how to improve our compliance within NN and TW Julia, for your group Rick or someone in his group would probably be best MKM, I'm not sure who is the best person from your group.  Steve, I suspect 
you are the right guy from marketing mostly because you've got more 
experience in the regulatory/legal discovery area than most of your 
colleagues down there.  Sorry. If each of the Marketing, Mkt Services, and 
Regulatory representatives could bring what they believe is the current 
document retention policy/schedule for your group, that would be helpful Thanks.  DF
Kathy Ringblom
10/03/2000 04:50 PM
Yes, it's only one week away!  A riveting and thought-provoking discussion on 
document retention!  (Drew's staff meeting on October 10th)   Please submit 
your questions early so that Colleen and I can provide a thorough answer at 
the meeting.
(Seriously, if there's anything specific you would like to know or if you 
have any questions about document retention, let Colleen or me know.  Thanks!)
Great to hear from you!  I'll forward this to the smart guys and see if they 
have any interest.  Let me know which pipes you'll interconnect with and 
we'll have a better sense of who else in the organization might be 
interested.  Kent and Morgan, when we get Tony's response on the 
interconnects, can you think it through from Florida's perspective also Thanks.  DF
Hello Mr. Fossum, I thought I would drop you a line  to say hello and let you 
know we are still alive.? We are currently in the  process of securing the 
land and minerals to build a high deliverability storage  project in Texas. 
In several weeks we will be in a position to present the  project to you if 
there is any interest. SGR?will build the facility for a  prospective buyer 
and can arrange financing of the project to accommodate a  buyers needs Preliminary project specs are as follows:
?
?Two 8 bcf caverns total working gas capacity  of 16 bcf facility.(Designed 
to accommodate expansion while in  operation)
?Bi-directional access to 4 interstate  pipelines and 3 intrastate pipelines.
1.2 to 1.6 bcfpd?withdrawal and 400 to 600  mmcfpd of injection. 
The facility will be designed to meet optimum  flexibility to meet commercial 
dispatch requirements.
The facility can commence commercial operations by  fourth qtr 2002.
Preliminary costs estimates to build? $8  million per bcf of capacity. Recent 
comps for storage facility sales  transactions have sold for?$17 to $26 
million per bcf of  capacity.
?Let us know.
?
Take Care 
T. Clark
Im big on togetherness, but if you'd rather do separate meetings I'm ok with 
that also.  DF
10/06/2000 12:26 PM
Louis Soldano
Louis Soldano
Louis Soldano
10/06/2000 12:26 PM
10/06/2000 12:26 PM
jan - get back with tracey 
drew - do you want a combined meeting or split things up???  naturally, i'd 
prefer to split things up so you have no idea what i am doing to your p/ls Tracey Bouillion
10/06/2000 11:06 AM
I am trying to schedule a meeting with the following people for Heather Mueck.
Drew Fossum
Mary Kay Miller
Louis Soldano
Bob Chandler
Elaine Concklin
William Kendrick
Allison Millan
Elan Britt
Gerrad Heep
Regarding: ETS Legal, Environmental, and Regulatory Issues Meeting - 2000 
Audit 
Please send me you availability on the following dates
October 10
October 12
October 16
October 19
I am going to try and get the video conference room for this meeting
Let me know ASAP so I can make the arrangements
Thank you
Tracey Bouillion
pls print.  thanks df
Heather Mueck
10/06/2000 05:04 PM
It's that time of year again.  In connection with our 2000 audit, we are 
coordinating a meeting to go over the legal, environmental, and regulatory 
issues for ETS.  Attached is the proposed agenda for the meeting.  Let me 
know if I have not contacted all the right people for this meeting so that I 
may include them.  Call me if you have any questions.  Thanks.
Heather 
x37726
Did you all see the blurb in Sep. 29 gas daily on Williams' deal with PROS on 
a revenue management system?  May be useful to use with our management if 
there is anxiety about going forward.  DF 
for calendar.  thanks df
Please plan on attending a conference call regarding the request from the 
Iowa SHPO (historian) as it pertains to our A-Line abandonment project on 
Friday, 10/13/2000 at 9:00 A.M.    Details will follow.  Thanks.  Donna
Optional.  (to this meeting, I mean!) df
Martha Benner
10/11/2000 10:13 AM
Are you critical or optional?  To this meeting I mean!
Thanks 
The Dry Run for Final Presentation to Stan in Preparation for Executive 
Review originally scheduled for Oct. 19th at 10AM has been reschedule to 
Friday, Oct. 20th at 9:30AM.  The meeting will take place in Conf. Room 
4102/Houston and Conf. Room 696/Omaha.
This meeting is critical for those presenting, optional for all others.
OK.  df
DENISE LAGESSE
10/11/2000 02:30 PM
Please approve Susan's expense report, and copy me on your approval.  Thanks!
OK.  df
DENISE LAGESSE
10/11/2000 02:30 PM
Please approve Susan's expense report, and copy me on your approval.  Thanks!
Stan is now the president of Northern.  Dari, have you seen any changes to 
the org. charts etc. to reflect this?  DF  
Question:
Under the Standards of Conduct for Northern, Section III ("Merchant 
Function"), Paragraph 284.286(a), last sentence reads "The Pipeline Sales 
Division reports to the President of Northern."  We all know that this is now 
Dan McCarty.  However, whereas Bill Cordes' title was 'President', every 
announcement about Dan refers to him as 'Managing Director and Chief 
Commercial Officer for ETS'.  Does the word "president" exist anywhere in 
Dan's job description so as to make this sentence imply the presidency role 
rather than inferring it?
pmb
Are you shittin' me?  Do we do this every quarter?  DF
01/14/2000 05:28 PM
Louis Soldano
Louis Soldano
Louis Soldano
01/14/2000 05:28 PM
01/14/2000 05:28 PM
Please provide to me the materials, if any, described below that may exist in 
your organization as soon as you can.
The fourth quarter (1999) report to the Commerce Department in compliance 
with the anti-boycott provisions of the Export Administration Act is due by 
January 31, 2000.  Please review your fourth quarter files and provide to me, 
by January 21, 2000, any language, oral or written, in any communication to 
or from any company or person in your area of responsibility during the 
fourth quarter which might have been boycott-related 
FYI:  more O&M gymnastics, but so far no impact on law.  DF
Elaine Concklin
10/11/2000 07:13 PM
In order to reduce net O&M by $7.9MM on NNG and $3.8MM on TW, I propose the 
following additions to overhead.  Per Rod, we will leave Gross O&M where it 
is and increase the overhead allocations.  These dollars will be added to the 
Capital Budget via an increased overhead rate.  Once finalized, I will 
calculate the new overhead rate and send it to you so we can add these 
dollars to the construction projects.
Please review this proposal and let me know by Friday if we need to make 
adjustments.  There is still a hole of $1.2MM on TW that we need to fill in 
order to cover the Environmental Remediation/PCB costs without reducing them.
NORTHERN NATURAL GAS:
Direct:
0.5   -   Marketing (brings net flat to 3CE)
2.7   -   Operations (brings net flat to 3CE)
2.0   -   IT (brings captalized portion of total IT back up to 3CE levels)
5.2   -   Total Direct
1.6   -   ETS Operations (brings captalized portion back up to 3CE levels 35%)
0.3   -   ETS Executive (5%)
0.5   -   ETS IT (brings captalized portion of total IT back up to 3CE levels)
0.3   -   Corporate Direct (4%)
2.7   -   Total ETS/Corporate
7.9   -   Total Decrease in Net O&M / Increase in Overhead
TRANSWESTERN:
Direct:
?   -   Marketing (already below 3CE)
1.2   -   Operations (brings net flat to 3CE)
1.2   -   ??? (Operations?? - need to cover increased PG&E PCB of 1.0 & Env. 
Rem. of 1.4)
0.8   -   IT (brings captalized portion back up to 3CE levels)
3.2   -   Total Direct
0.3   -   ETS Operations (35%)
0.1   -   ETS Executive (5%)
0.1   -   ETS IT (20%)
0.1   -   Corporate Direct (5%)
0.6   -   Total ETS/Corporate
3.8   -   Total Decrease in Net O&M / Increase in Overhead
Thanks,  Elaine
What's up?  Did Rick fire you?  Or does he work for you now?  DF
Shelley Corman
10/12/2000 01:13 PM
FYI:  Attached is a memo from Rick Shapiro outlining organizational changes=20
in the Government Affairs group, most significantly the appointment of a new=20
head of the Washington office.
This is a great time to be at Enron. The challenges and opportunities at=20
Enron seem to be expanding with every passing day.  This presents enormous=20
challenges for Government Affairs as a group and for each of us=20
individually.  As we discussed at the staff meeting last month, this requires=20
us to constantly reevaluate our priorities, our methods of getting things=20
done, and whether our organization is properly structured to meet the needs=20
of the entire company.  While we have done an outstanding job as a group=20
within our current structure, changes are necessary at this time.
The primary change in the organizational structure is to complete the=20
assignments for and reinforce the leadership roles of the individuals within=20
the group who have primary responsibility for setting the Government Affairs=20
strategy and agenda for the respective Enron operating companies.  The below=20
mentioned individuals will have the following responsibilities:
With the impending retirement on March 31, 2001 of Joe Hillings, I am pleased=20
to announce that Linda Robertson will be joining the office on November 6,=20
2000, as a Vice President who will immediately assume responsibility for=20
leading the Federal Government Affairs group in our Washington office.  Linda=20
was a Congressional staffer and partner/principal in two Washington law firms=20
prior to spending the last eight years with the U.S. Department of Treasury,=20
the last five as Assistant Secretary for Legislative Affairs and Public=20
Liaison, for Secretaries Rubin & Summers.  Linda brings a terrific=20
background, both in energy and financial services, and is a welcome addition=20
to our team.  In order to more effectively integrate the Government Affairs=20
groups and strategy in Washington, the Federal Regulatory Affairs group under=20
Joe Hartsoe=01,s direction will also report to Linda.  Joe Hartsoe will also=20
retain primary responsibility for NERC activities, although Charles Yeung and=20
Dick Ingersoll will have a dotted line reporting relationship to Jim Steffes=20
in his capacity of directing our activities for ENA.  Ray Alvarez will be=20
transferring from his current role with Transredes in Bolivia during the 1st=20
quarter of 2001 and will join the Federal Regulatory Affairs group, reporting=20
to Joe Hartsoe.
On a personal note, I would like to acknowledge the significant contributions=20
that Joe Hillings has made to this company in his eighteen years of service. =20
Joe=01,s work ethic, intellect, and integrity have established Enron as a=20
company that is respected throughout Washington.  I will have more to say=20
about this as Joe=01,s retirement draws closer, but I look to him to be a vital=20
part of the leadership transition in our Washington office that will occur=20
over the next days and weeks.
I will be relying heavily on the above-identified six individuals to ensure=20
that Government Affairs is firmly embedded within each of our operating=20
companies; that we as a group thoroughly understand their current business=20
strategies as well as new directions they may be taking in the future; and,=20
most importantly, to thoroughly understand how our organization can=20
contribute and add value to each of these companies on a continuing basis. =20
Communicating that understanding on a regular basis to the rest of the=20
Government Affairs organization and developing a Government Affairs wide=20
execution strategy will be a key objective for each of these individuals.
In order to ensure the success of these individuals and the Government=20
Affairs organization; the following changes are being made.
In addition to his leadership role with Government Affairs on behalf of the=20
EES group of companies, Harry Kingerski will continue to head up the=20
rates/regulatory group, now renamed Government Affairs Support Services.  =20
This group will continue to provide valuable technical support services=20
throughout Government Affairs and will be expanding its scope of expertise=20
over the next months to some of the new markets that the company has and will=20
soon be entering.  Nancy Hetrick and Vinio Floris will join this organization=20
and report to Harry.
Jeff Brown, Tom Delaney, Mary Hain, Ron McNamara, Christi Nicolay, Thane=20
Twiggs, and Steve Walton will now report to Jim Steffes in his role=20
Please feel free to call me if you have any questions.
Thank you
Many apologies comrade!  By the way, "organization" is spelled with a "z" not 
an "s" in American English.  Or do you write in English American now?  DF 
Mark Schroeder@ECT
10/13/2000 10:07 AM
he manages the Americas, I manage everything outside the Americas.  his 
changes do not affect me or my organisation, smartass!  mcs
What's up?  Did Rick fire you?  Or does he work for you now?  DF
Shelley Corman
10/12/2000 01:13 PM
FYI:  Attached is a memo from Rick Shapiro outlining organizational changes
in the Government Affairs group, most significantly the appointment of a
new head of the Washington office.
This is a great time to be at Enron. The challenges and opportunities at
Enron seem to be expanding with every passing day.  This presents enormous
challenges for Government Affairs as a group and for each of us
individually.  As we discussed at the staff meeting last month, this
requires us to constantly reevaluate our priorities, our methods of getting
things done, and whether our organization is properly structured to meet
the needs of the entire company.  While we have done an outstanding job as
a group within our current structure, changes are necessary at this time.
The primary change in the organizational structure is to complete the
assignments for and reinforce the leadership roles of the individuals
within the group who have primary responsibility for setting the Government
Affairs strategy and agenda for the respective Enron operating companies.
The below mentioned individuals will have the following responsibilities:
With the impending retirement on March 31, 2001 of Joe Hillings, I am
pleased to announce that Linda Robertson will be joining the office on
November 6, 2000, as a Vice President who will immediately assume
responsibility for leading the Federal Government Affairs group in our
Washington office.  Linda was a Congressional staffer and
partner/principal in two Washington law firms prior to spending the
last eight years with the U.S. Department of Treasury, the last five
as Assistant Secretary for Legislative Affairs and Public Liaison, for
Secretaries Rubin & Summers.  Linda brings a terrific background, both
in energy and financial services, and is a welcome addition to our
team.  In order to more effectively integrate the Government Affairs
groups and strategy in Washington, the Federal Regulatory Affairs
group under Joe Hartsoe's direction will also report to Linda.  Joe
Hartsoe will also retain primary responsibility for NERC activities,
although Charles Yeung and Dick Ingersoll will have a dotted line
reporting relationship to Jim Steffes in his capacity of directing our
activities for ENA.  Ray Alvarez will be transferring from his current
role with Transredes in Bolivia during the 1st quarter of 2001 and
will join the Federal Regulatory Affairs group, reporting to Joe
Hartsoe.
On a personal note, I would like to acknowledge the significant
contributions that Joe Hillings has made to this company in his
eighteen years of service.  Joe's work ethic, intellect, and integrity
have established Enron as a company that is respected throughout
Washington.  I will have more to say about this as Joe's retirement
draws closer, but I look to him to be a vital part of the leadership
transition in our Washington office that will occur over the next days
and weeks.
I will be relying heavily on the above-identified six individuals to ensure
that Government Affairs is firmly embedded within each of our operating
companies; that we as a group thoroughly understand their current business
strategies as well as new directions they may be taking in the future; and,
most importantly, to thoroughly understand how our organization can
contribute and add value to each of these companies on a continuing basis.
Communicating that understanding on a regular basis to the rest of the
Government Affairs organization and developing a Government Affairs wide
execution strategy will be a key objective for each of these individuals.
In order to ensure the success of these individuals and the Government
Affairs organization; the following changes are being made.
In addition to his leadership role with Government Affairs on behalf of
the EES group of companies, Harry Kingerski will continue to head up the
rates/regulatory group, now renamed Government Affairs Support Services.
This group will continue to provide valuable technical support services
throughout Government Affairs and will be expanding its scope of
expertise over the next months to some of the new markets that the
company has and will soon be entering.  Nancy Hetrick and Vinio Floris
will join this organization and report to Harry.
Jeff Brown, Tom Delaney, Mary Hain, Ron McNamara, Christi Nicolay, Thane
Twiggs, and Steve Walton will now report to Jim Steffes in his role
Please feel free to call me if you have any questions.
Thank you
OK.  DF
Christine Stokes
10/12/2000 03:33 PM
TRANSWESTERN PIPELINE COMPANY
CONTRACT APPROVAL FORM
Please review the attached standard discount letter to Agave Energy Company 
(Agave).  The discount letter provides Agave a $.05/Dth/d one-part rate for 
10,000 Dth/d of East of Thoreau capacity beginning 3/1/2001.  Alternate 
receipt and delivery rights have been granted for the East of Thoreau Area 
only.
Please reply via REPLY WITH HISTORY.
I agree with your concern but I've gotten comfortable that the pleading does 
a good job of finessing the issue.  Technically, you are right and PNM's 
service is neither "firm" or "interruptible."  It is my understanding that 
PNM  assigns priority based on a number of factors including whether the 
customer is a core customer or not, et cet.  I think that PNM is capable of 
determining on a contract by contract basis whether the capacity will be 
firm, even though the rate schedule may not say "firm."   Explaining all that 
complexity would make it unlikely that FERC would approve the rehearing Nevertheless, I believe its accurate to say that we will only repackage as 
firm service the capacity that we buy from PNM and that they tell us is 
"firm."  I think the draft does that, without going throught the unhelpful 
detail on how PNM handles its own priority system.  If I misunderstand the 
facts or if anyone disagrees with this approach, lets talk about it.  DF  
I have a concern with this overall argument about firm and interrupitble as 
we stated we would only buy firm service from PNM, but moreso, when we looked 
at the detail of the PNM service when preparing for the technical conference, 
it is only best efforts-  does this argument fit?  and can we really buy firm 
service from them??  MK
Susan Scott
10/13/2000 09:46 AM
Take a look at this and let me know if you have further comments.
Please see attached from Steve Stojic.
- rehearing req.doc
This looks good to me.  Legal is still OK with this approach.  DF
Tony Pryor
10/16/2000 02:25 PM
Julia and Steve, per your request today, I am rerouting the sample product 
description. 
Looks good to me  wiht Tony's revision.  DF
Tony Pryor
10/16/2000 03:39 PM
Steve, I understand that NNG Credit must approve a party prior to rheir 
bidding on EOL for NNG capacity. I have made one suggested revision to the 
customer letter (see attached, in bold) to clarify that fact. Let me know 
what you think. 
Lee, I did get your draft.  Sorry I didn't get to it right away.  My comments 
are attached.  Please review and make sure I didn't exaggerate the obligation 
too much.  I agree that Stuart should take a look.  Thanks. DF
LEE HUBER
10/12/2000 05:04 PM
Sent by: Denise LaGesse
Drew,
Do you thnk we should send to Stuart Ford (V&E) to take a look at?
Lee
OK by me.  dF
Martha Benner
10/17/2000 01:19 PM
Next week I would like to take Monday afternoon and Tuesday morning off (the 
23rd/24th) if that is okay with your schedules.  Will use my Mike Moran day.
Thank you.
Martha
pls print and hand to me.  DF  
Today, I received a data request (attached) which provides more specifics on 
the interviews to be conducted in Omaha. Please note that they have asked to 
meet with Keith Petersen and Ray Smith on an individual basis.  If the FERC 
deems it necessary, they will interview individuals that report to them.
I hope you make it in and get this Mon. AM!  We missed you!  Please print and 
hand off to me so I can head it during Bill's mtg.  Adios.  DF  
Attached is my first try at our motion to extend time.  Your written comments 
would be appreciated.
Pls give me a call. DF
Drew, what is our ability to limit their request to interview people that 
report to Keith and Ray, this appears to be more of a fishing expedition that 
specfic questions.   Please let me know--  MK
Today, I received a data request (attached) which provides more specifics on 
the interviews to be conducted in Omaha. Please note that they have asked to 
meet with Keith Petersen and Ray Smith on an individual basis.  If the FERC 
deems it necessary, they will interview individuals that report to them.
I don't see any immediate problem.  As long as the advertising didn't 
interfere with the effectiveness and efficiency of Hot Tap as a tool for 
satisfying our posting and notice obligations, FERC shouldn't care.  The 
revenue would be nonjurisdictional and would be treated as such in Northern's 
or TW's next rate case.  As to the "type of advertising," I can't think of a 
legal or regulatory reason we need to be picky, but we may want to exclude 
certain types of services that seem to rely heavily on internet advertising 
if you know what I mean.  DF
Steve Hotte
10/18/2000 01:06 PM
Shelly/Drew,
We  get quite a bit of customer activity on our Hot Tap internet site.  Do 
you think there would be any legal or regulatory restriction on us offering 
advertising on that site.  We can be selective on the type of advertising, 
but would obviously want to choose a vendor that would benefit from exposure 
to the Hot Tap audience. 
The revenue from such an idea varies.  If it passes the legal and regulatory 
test I will look into potential customers and firm up some figures.
Thanks,
Steve
Pls get me scheduled on the 13th.  thanks df
Richard Amabile
10/18/2000 11:02 AM
As Enron continues to tackle communication issues and address employee 
feedback, we are in the process of implementing a decision-making/problem 
solving tool throughout the organization.  This tool is called Participation 
& Dissent (P&D).  This process is aimed at:
- Bringing the right people together
- Speeding up decisions
- Acting on the suggestions of employees 
- Fostering channels of communication so that employees can speak their minds 
openly 
AND 
- Delivering business results at the same time 
To ensure that P&D sessions remain productive and timely, each session is led 
by a facilitator.  Throughout the Enron organization, heads of business units 
have identified top rated, high performing individuals to serve as 
facilitators for all of Enron 
For ETS, the following individuals have been identified for this 
developmental opportunity:
John Dushinske
Don Hawkins
John Keller
Sue Neville
David Odneal
Colleen Raker
Bob Hill
Shelley Corman
Mary Kay Miller
Drew Fossum
Wilson Barbee
Janet Place
To ensure that the facilitators are comfortable with the P&D process, they 
will be asked to participate in a training session in early November Two dates have been established for facilitator training:
Thursday - November 2,  2000 - At the Woodlands - 8:00 am to 5:30pm
or
Monday   - November 13, 2000 - At the Woodlands - 8:00 am to 5:30pm
You can select either of these dates to fit your schedule. This assumes we 
will be able to get a reasonable sized group for each of the two days.  The 
training will be one day long.  Cheryl Austin Brown and Howard Morgan of 
Keilty, Goldsmith & Company (the people who conduct the Executive Impact Influence Program) will be conducting the program. 
Please have someone from your office contact my administrative assistant Debbie Nowak either by email or telephone (713)853-3304 and let her know your 
availability for these dates.
Please feel free to contact me directly at Ext. 33972 and I will be happy to 
brief you on the status of the effort.
Dick Amabile
I think the safest and most efficient way to comply with this request is to 
have Keith and Ray briefed and ready to answer all FERC's questions without 
deferring any to other people.  Ray and Keith, please talk to Gary Zahn and 
make sure you are up to speed on everything FERC has asked for and focused on 
so far.  You don't need to be an expert on all that, but a basic 
understanding of what they have already looked at will help you be more 
responsive to what they want to ask you about.  If you do get stumped, try to 
defer the question by telling FERC you need to check on a fact or two and can 
answer that question after a break or at the end of the interview.  By doing 
that , you should be able to get them the information they need without 
having them cross examine a bunch of other people.  Inevitably, if you ask 
enough people the same question, you may start getting different answers Lee, I'd like you to be on the phone call with Ray, Keith and Gary to discuss 
generally what to be ready for and what FERC has already looked at.  Please 
let me know if anyone has any concerns about this approach.  DF 	
Today, I received a data request (attached) which provides more specifics on 
the interviews to be conducted in Omaha. Please note that they have asked to 
meet with Keith Petersen and Ray Smith on an individual basis.  If the FERC 
deems it necessary, they will interview individuals that report to them.
Shelley--looks good to me.  DF
Shelley Corman
10/19/2000 10:53 AM
Yesterday at the regulatory roundtable it was decided that we should file 
some brief comments in the FERC Sept. 19 technical conference proceeding 
(PL00-1).  These comments are due today & I need to get them to the 
Washington office by noon.
Let me know if you have a chance to read it & have any comments.  Sorry for 
the short notice.
Thanks for following up on this all.  I'm good on Stuart's recommendation.  DF
Lee Huber
10/19/2000 11:07 AM
FYI
PRIVILEGED AND CONFIDENTIAL
ATTORNEY/CLIENT COMMUNICATION
Lee:
Since we spoke last night I have talked to Ted.  We all come out the same
way, I think, that this episode is probably best left alone.
First, unless Kim has information to the contrary, I think we would have a
hard time establishing that the only way the alleged "failed" Enron system
became known to PROS was via the PROS/ET&S relationship.  If it could have
become known independently via a source not protected by a nondisclosure
agreement, then we have no real complaint.
Second, if the statement in the Gas Daily is actually true, then we have no
axe to grind about defamation or related issues.
It is unfortunate that a casual reader might think that the statement
actually refers to a failure in the PROS/ET&S RM work rather than to a
failure in the prior Enron capacity management project.  Perhaps we are more
sensitive than most, however, knowing what we know.  I would guess that
there are probably a lot of readers out there who are unaware of the ET&S RM
project and thus would not know to mistakenly attribute the statement to the
ET&S RM project.
Further, the mistake that a casual reader might make might also be
attributable to sloppy journalism as much to what McCracken at PROS may have
actually said.
Finally, the longer we do not hear from PROS, the more their "case" weakens
in the future complaining about the genealogy of our RM product.
In summary, probably best left alone.  But I do recommend that we continue
to monitor for this stuff.  It appears the PROS RM products are now
available and we can only guess what Enron information is inside them to
make them work, or was used to sell them or make them work.
Stuart Ford
VE
Excellent idea!!  There is ample opportunity for all three of us in the hot 
air business.  I talked to Dave yesterday and I think this is a great fit for 
him.  He's back to doing what he does best--convincing investors and 
customers to pour money into a hole in the ground 
I was in Houston Wednesday and got a chance to catch up a little with the 
hooker&cooker tandem.  You may know that David has started into a new venture 
selling either compressed air or energy from compressed air (he's not sure 
which yet).  We agreed that his only concern is that you might want to enter 
the market because with all your hot air, the market would be saturated!
MidAm advised us they intend to call the enforcement hotline, probably today, 
to get enforcement staff involved in resolving the Carlton timing problem 
(i.e., the absence of an order approving or not approving the settlement If Midam does so, Enforcement will then contact Northern for a 
response--probably Dari or MKM or I, but who knows who they'll call.
If they do, the following bullets are important to convey as our preliminary 
response to MidAm:
1.  Midam, and all of our customers, are aware that a Commission order on the 
June 2, 2000 Settlement is necessary before the precise flow obligation for 
this Nov-March period can be determined.  The flow obligation for sourcers 
like MidAm will be slightly higher--by about 3%--if the settlement is 
approved.  For all customers that have asked what the precise flow obligation 
numbers would be under the two scenarios, settlement approval or settlement 
non-approval, we have given that information.  We gave that information to 
MidAm also.  We can't file the tariff sheets setting out the specific number 
for this heating season until the Commission addresses the settlement.
2.  The true financial impact of the current uncertainty on MidAm is 
minimal.  We believe many of the sourcers have locked in their supply based 
on the lower flow obligation number, but with an option to increase their 
purchase quantity if the Commission approves the settlement.  MidAm may have 
done that, but we don't know.  If not, and if the Commission approves the 
Settlement, their only real "cost" would arise if they have to buy the 
additional flow obligation volume--about 1100 MMBtu/d for MidAm--now at a 
higher price than they would have paid if they bought it earlier when they 
locked up the bulk of their flow obligation supply.    Given the large drop 
in gas prices the last several days, there may not be any increased cost 
3.  The bottom line is that we really need an order on the Settlement.  The 
majority of Northern's customers support it as a fair solution to the Carlton 
problem.  MidAm is the only opponent that has raised substantive issues MidAm is clinging to a financial windfall it gets under the old Carlton 
mechanism and has no reason to oppose the settlement other than preserving 
that windfall 
That's the end of the proposed script.  The last bullet may go to far, but I 
like it.  Frank and Steve, MKM suggested that you guys get Doering and Gorak 
and others to call FERC (hotline or otherwise--I don't think it matters) and 
express their concern that the order is not on the agenda.  DF  
As soon as I know, you'll know.  DF
Mark Schroeder@ECT
10/23/2000 04:04 AM
Since I am unlikely to log on for eSPeak, trust you will drop me an e-mail 
telling me what the future holds for ETS.   mcs
Once again, the eThink team is proud to bring you TWO captivating eSpeak 
events in the same week.
Wednesday, October 25 at 10:00 a.m. Houston time, join Dan McCarty, managing 
director & CCO of Enron Transportation Services.  Dan will conduct an "open 
mike" session on the future of ETS.
Thursday, October 26 at 10:00 a.m. Houston time, Joe Sutton, vice chairman of 
Enron, joins us again for an "open mike" event.  Got a question for the 
Office of the Chairman?  Bring it to eSpeak!
Don't forget:  You can post your questions before either of these events on 
the eSpeak site.
The Office of the Chairman is waiting for you!  Come to eMeet to read the 
latest question and answer in the Office of the Chairman category.  You can 
even add your own comments and keep the discussion going.
I'm good on this.  DF
David Forster
10/20/2000 03:19 PM
Drew/Mark,
Further to conversation this morning with Drew, it appears that it would be=20
helpful to include the Request for Service (TFX) form in the GTC, as this is=20
the form which FERC has approved for use when a customer requests pipeline=20
capacity.
This would mean inserted something like the following into the Long=20
Description: "Customer agrees that this transaction will be governed by the=20
terms contained within the online General Terms and Conditions (GTC 
Which would make the final long description:
US Gas NNG Capacity     Perm1 to Perm 1       Nov00-Dec00    USD/MMBtu
A transaction with Northern Natural Gas Company (NNG) under which NNG will=20
transport, on a firm basis, a maximum daily volume (stated in MMBtu per day)=20
equal to the volume identified on the web site. Customer agrees that this=20
transaction will be governed by the terms contained within the online General=20
Terms and Conditions (GTC).The Term of the Transaction shall be from the=20
Effective Date of 01 Nov 2000 to the Termination Date of 31 Dec 2000. This=20
transaction provides firm pipeline transportation capacity with the primary=20
receipt and delivery point of the Permian Pool (POI 54009).  The posted rate,=20
stated in USD/MMBtu on the web site, is the daily reservation rate, which is=20
also applicable for all alternate receipt and delivery points in MIDS 1-7,=20
with the exception of Argus Zone points and Field Area TBS=01,s.  In addition,=20
the following charges apply: the maximum commodity charge; all applicable=20
surcharges; and fuel use and unaccounted for.=20
The text contained within the GTC could then appear as follows:
Please let me know if you think this works and are happy with it.
Thanks,
Dave
I'm OK based on Susan's approval and with her one suggested change.  Thanks DF
Christine, you need a comma between July and August.  Otherwise this looks 
fine.
Christine Stokes
01/17/2000 08:50 AM
TRANSWESTERN PIPELINE COMPANY
CONTRACT APPROVAL REQUEST
Please review the attached non-standard discount letter to Phillips Petroleum 
Company.  Phillips has agree to extend their 30,000 Dth/d Ignacio to El 
Paso/Blanco contract for five years beginning 2/1/2001.  The one-part 
seasonal rate structure of $.04 (April-Oct) and $.035 (Nov-March) will 
escalate by $.005  each of the last two years.  Phillips may use a south to 
north alternate flow path for an incremental $.01 based on actual utilization.
Please  approve via REPLY WITH HISTORY All officer approvals will be faxed to Bill Cordes for final Presidential 
approval
I tried calling you to confirm we are all square on the webtext for Northern 
but can't track down your ph. number.  Please call me if there are any 
problems or concerns.  Thanks for the help.  DF  402-389-7449
Great.  DF
Naveed Ahmed
10/24/2000 12:27 PM
Thanks, I got your email. We are satisfied with the wordings proposed by you, 
however I will show it to Mark Taylor this afternoon, if he has no comments 
then we will go ahead with the way you have proposed.
Thank you for your help.
Naveed
Sorry, my form file is bare on that topic.  DF
Susan Scott
10/24/2000 10:52 AM
I've been asked to draft an agreement with "exclusive dealing" language; 
i.e., Transwestern won't talk to anyone but Red Cedar about jointly 
purchasing Pipeline X, and vice versa.  If you have any examples, or know 
someone who might, let me know.  Many thanks.
Where are you gonna be on Nov. 7?  Victory parties (or defeat parties) I'm 
sure.  I may be in DC at least for the afternoon--gonna have any time free DF
Makes sense.  Thanks df 
Kevin Hyatt
10/24/2000 02:14 PM
My thoughts are this:
those plants under development (i.e. past the planning stages and into 
permitting or construction) will continue to move forward.  Their fuel costs 
are most likely already locked in or there is a pass thru mechanism to the 
power buyer 
It is really only the near term gas prices that are high in this 
backward-dated market.  The 10 year gas price curve is still relatively 
inexpensive.  Those power plant projects in early planning stages or those 
with higher merchant risk will likely be delayed but that depends on where in 
No. Americal they are located.  Those plants slated for severely constrained 
NERC territories will probably continue to move forward, as evidenced by 
recent announcements for new plants in the MAIN and WSCC regions.
just my thoughts, you get what you pay for.
KH
As always, when we have a juicy topic, anyone on your  staffs that you think 
would benefit from this are invited to attend.  DF
When we originally decided to use my staff meetings for "graduate education" 
one of the hot topics was the electric industry.  We all had a first lesson 
on this topic in Shelley's electricity seminar last summer.  Now, John and 
Kevin have graciously agreed to join us Tuesday at 1:30 to discuss recent 
developments in electric markets and NN's and TW's efforts to attract power 
generation load to the system.  Specific topics I hope to cover include the 
following:
1.  What are the key factors that determine where a power plant developer 
puts his plant 2.  Do the transmission access and pricing rules of the various 
utilities/power pools vary all that much or are Order 888 tariffs pretty much 
the same all over? 
3.  How do IPPs decide what fuel supply strategy works best (i.e., buy 
bundled delivered fuel from someone vs. buy gas, storage, transport, etc separately)?
4.  What is the RTO Rule and why should we care? 
5.  Has $5/mmbtu gas killed the gas fired power market?
Depending on how deeply we get into these topics, we may need to schedule a 
follow-up session at a later date.  I look forward to seeing you on Tuesday DF
Not critical--if you have nothing better to do, great.  DF
Kathy Ringblom
10/25/2000 02:36 PM
I was planning to take Halloween off - do you want me to come in for this?
Doug_Gessell@Transcanada.com
pls print.  thanks df
Sent by: ETS General Announcement
Please read the attached document for information about an exciting new 
website for ETS employees!
Looks good to me--load away.  DF
Dale Neuner@ECT
10/26/2000 09:37 AM
Please ensure that I have done this as expected and offer your approval, then 
I'll send for loading.
MARTHA BENNER ENRON 10/26/2000 09:18 AM
Per Steve Kirk and Drew Fossum please add the following in the "Other" 
section of the TFX Agreement:
Shipper agrees that if it utilizes Northern's capacity release program to 
release, on either a temporary or permanent basis, any capacity subject to 
the discount contained herein at a rate greater than the discounted rate, 
Shipper shall receive a demand charge credit only for the amount of the 
discounted rate agreed to herein.
(Please forward this message to Naved Ahmed.  Thank you.)
Martha for Dari Dornan
Inspiring letter.  My few changes attached.
Drew, here is a draft of a letter responding to USGT's with regard to the 
unpaid invoice for alternate points.  Thought I would see if you have any 
comments before I pass it along to Mr. Fawcett.  With regard to my reference 
to our Errors in Billing tariff provision, I was torn between backing up my 
statement vs. pointing them to potentially troublesome language (ie "mutual 
mistake"), but figured they would ask for the tariff provision so I included 
it.  Also, Elsa really attacks us for not billing them previously so I 
thought I should address that.   Let me know what you think.
Thanks for the heads up.  Good idea on Kim and Martha--pls line them up for 
the next meeting after tomorrow (call Martha Benner to schedule)  DF
Lee Huber
10/26/2000 04:55 PM
FERC Audit CWIP.  The FERCERS  wil be in Omaha Monday afternoon.  Gary, Vince 
and myself have talked to the Regulatory Group about the Budget Item v. 
project issue they had and i believe we are comfortable with the issue.  We 
also briefed Keith and Ray Smith on the format and likely questions focusing 
on "controls".
Also at some future staff meeting I would like to volunteer Kim Watson and 
Martha Janousek to speak about Revenue Management and where we are in the 
process now.  Maybe i can do alittle on business mthod patents which is 
something we are starting to look at.
pls print what ever of this junk that I need.  df
A MEMO FROM DICK AMABILE
Thanks for enrolling in the upcoming P&D Facilitation training.  In order to 
make the best use of our limited time at the meeting I am attaching a copy of 
the "draft" material which will appear on the Intranet Site regarding P&D 
(Participation & Dissent).   The intent is for you to review the material 
before the session to gain some insight into what P&D is all about.  This 
will save us the time of having to review this material at the session and 
allow us to focus specifically on facilitation skills for the P&D process We apologize for the somewhat disjointed format.  At the moment it is the 
only complete draft that is available, albeit in pieces.  I suggest you start 
with the last one listed below P&D Site maps.ppt and then progress through 
them in order 1,2,3,4,5.
P&D  was develop as a response to three of the 5 core ETC (Now known as the 
Pulse) questions identified by Enron for improvement. They are: 
Most employees feel free to voice their opinions openly 
My operating company does a good job acting on suggestions of employees
Employees are encourage to challenge established 
procedures/policies/guidelines
Participation & Dissent know as "P&D" is an unique Enron created tool that is 
designed to provide our employees with a creative, free wheeling, 
non-bureaucratic vehicle for solving problems, addressing issues, enhancing 
decision making and developing new business ideas/opportunities.   One 
purpose of "P&D" is to create an atmosphere where employees can feel real 
ownership for decisions and express their views in a challenging and 
passionate way. "P&D" sessions are meant to focus on results and assist in 
producing measurable performance improvements.  "P&D" sessions are to assist 
our employees in driving change in an organized, efficient and effective 
manner.  It will help us leverage off our own best practices to produce 
faster results that positively impact our return on invested capital. At 
Enron we give our employees the power to dissent and with that power comes 
the obligation to participate in providing solutions/ideas. 
If you have any questions about this material, please feel free to contact 
Kirk McDaniel or myself.  We will be happy to answer your questions and 
provide additional context for the effort.
The only other thing we would like you to do prior to attending the session 
is to identify a potential P&D intervention within your own organization This will provide you with a "real" effort to begin planning for at the 
session and make the application of the ideas directly actionable for you.
We look forward to seeing you at the meeting.
Dick Amabile
Sorry, I missed it!  I haven't been briefed yet on what the plan is.  I 
assume we have one, however.  If anyone tells me what it is, I may be in a 
position to explain it to you.  DF  
Mark Schroeder@ECT
10/29/2000 03:50 AM
So, after last Wednseday's Espeak with Danny, what is the future of the 
pipelines?   mcs
You are right-- Glen and Tony confirmed.  Thanks .  DF
Vernon Mercaldo
10/30/2000 08:32 AM
I do not believe so.
I've approved, but is this a neg. rate deal that has to be filed?  DF
CMS Mail
10/26/2000 02:14 PM
COMMENTS 
Route: 1
Craig Buehler - (Approved) CAPACITY RELEASE COMPETITION.  ROUTING DUE TO 
NON-STANDARD LANGUAGE IN PARAGRAPH NO.1 OF THE AMENDMENT.  DISCOUNT IS SPLIT
INTO TWO TERMS: NOV-MAR AND APR-OCT.  THE DEMAND & MDQ CHANGE BETWEEN TERMS.
THE LAST 2,000/D OF THE MDQ IS VOLUMETRIC DURING BOTH TERMS.  DEAL PER 
VERNON 
MERCALDO.
CWB
FOR THROUGHPUT                                           Market 
Services                                                          DATE:  Oct 26, 
2000                                                          CR# 107127 RQST 38927
CONTRACT APPROVAL 
FORM    
NATURE OF CONTRACT: 
TFX    
PARTIES:     Northern Natural Gas 
Company              APACHE 
CORPORATION    
SUMMARY OF PRINCIPAL 
POINTS    
The contract contains Non-Standard Language   
Reason for Discount: New agreement (1 year).  Non-standard language for 
the Demand rate.  Deal per Vernon Mercaldo   
CWB   
Total Discount: 
$2,787,368.00 Discount Amendment 
Attached    
Account Manager: VERNON MERCALDO, (713) 
853-7221    
Approval is required of the departments marked with an asterisk 
Contact the account manager for additional information.  Please send 
approval or comments to EB4135R, Phone:713-853-6182,  Fax: 713-646-8260 ASAP    
*Marketing, Account Manager: _______________________________   DATE: 
_________
*Marketing, Regional V.P.:   _______________________________   DATE: 
_________
*Law, General Counsel:       _______________________________   DATE: 
_________
*Regulatory Affairs, V.P.:   _______________________________   DATE: 
_________
*Marketing, V.P.:            _______________________________   DATE: 
_________
*President:                  _______________________________   DATE: 
_________
* Required Signatures   
Please take a look at this new communication tool at your earliest 
convenience and give your input to one or more projects.  This is our 
opportunity to provide meaningful creative input to the slew of new revenue 
generation ideas that are flying around.  I appreciate your efforts to make 
innovation as high a priority in the law group as it is throughout all of 
Enron!  DF  
Sent by: ETS General Announcement
Please read the attached document for information about an exciting new 
website for ETS employees!
To synthesize what I'm hearing from you and MKM (and Mr. Ni),  our story is 
that we will post for sale an option with a specific MDQ, type (i.e European option or American or whatever), flow period, and points.  For 
example, we'd post  a European call on 10,000/d of Nov. 01--March 02 Permian 
to Topock firm capacity with an exercise date of Jan 1, 2001.  the customer 
would bid an option price and a transport rate.  We'd look at both components 
under a publicly posted evaluation method to decide who wins.  I.e., we may 
post a method saying the winner is the one who pays the highest option fee so 
long as the transport rate bid is above "x".   Seems pretty straightforward, 
and we ought to be able to clarify this adequately in our answer to 
protests.  DF  
Shelley Corman
10/31/2000 08:31 AM
In our pre-filing discussion, we explained the awarding of call options as 
follows:
Because call options are only sold after we have tried to sell the underlying 
capacity and there were no takers at max. rate or an acceptable price, there 
is really only 1 variable -- the total rate (consisting of the option 
component and the strike price).
The call option is posted for a specific quantity, start date, etc.  There 
are no other variables.  It's just price.
From our discussions with Mike Coleman and crew on this topic -- I think is 
it absolutely key that we keep the award variables to a minimum.  My take is 
that the transmittal letter referring to highest price is the right way to 
go.  The concept in the tariff about posting the evaluation criteria 
(implying that there are more variables) could kill the deal.
Steve Anderton called today and has cleared the arbitration with his firm's 
conflict committee.  He's sending an email tomorrow describing the specific 
results of his conflict check.  I'll forward it to you both for review.  From 
my discussions with Steve, I think he'd do a great job as our arbitrator Are we all in agreement on using Steve or are there some other competing 
candidates?  Do you guys want to talk to him or meet with him first?  Britt, 
do we need a retention agreement with Steve if we decide to use him?   A 
self-serving retention agreement may be a good idea if we think OneOk might 
challenge our arbitrator based on alleged bias.  Also, if we are good to go 
with Steve, I'd like to send him a package of the key documents and then meet 
with him to discuss the case sometime in the next week or two.  Britt, any 
concerns with my doing that as long as I don't send him anything privileged (I'm assuming for the sake of safety that the attorney client privilege 
doesn't apply to our communications with our arbitrator unless instructed 
otherwise).  He is down in Houston two days a week so we could do it there DF 
pls circulate to the group.  Thanks df
Kevin Hyatt
10/31/2000 12:38 PM
please distribute for your staff meeting 
KH
Jeffery Fawcett
10/27/2000 12:34 PM
I consulted with Kevin before I took the oars in trying to answer your 
question, as well as the questions raised in Drew's e-mail.  Here's what we 
found out 
Steve's question:
What economics would determine if a developer could site a power plant in New 
Mexico (maybe 3,000MW) and build a line to the grid in California versus us 
expanding to deliver the gas to a power plant in California?
What you're really asking here is "What are the comparative economics of 
energy delivered by wire versus energy delivered by pipeline?"  In this 
analysis, there are a few considerations -- (1) original capital cost to 
construct facilities, (2) the operating cost of the facilities, including 
energy loss, and (3) environmental and other permitting considerations. 
Engineers tell us that, as a rule of thumb, high voltage transmission lines 
and tower facilities cost approximately $800,000 to $1MM/mile to construct 
turnkey.  This figure is comparable to the $1MM/mile "rule of thumb" we use 
for turnkey construction of mainline diameter (30-36") high-pressure steel 
pipeline 
In terms of operating costs, for anything over 100 miles in length, there are 
three (3) basic sources of energy loss in electric transmission: (1) 
transformation loss, (2) radiation loss (EFM) and (3) heat loss across the 
conductors.  A rule of thumb for electric transmission loss is 3%.  This 
number is comparable to the actual fuel used for compression on 
Transwestern's pipeline 
The most critical issue impacting construction of high voltage transmission 
lines is in the area of permitting.  There just aren't many new transmission 
lines being approved.  It was suggested by more than one source that an 
electric transmission project on the order posited in your example, could 
take anywhere from 6 to 10 years to secure authorization.  The issues of 
electromagnetic field (EMF) radiation around high voltage power lines, along 
with other wildlife endangerment concerns, are significant obstacles in 
securing permits for right-of-way.
In short, the answer is that while the economics on face appear to be 
comparable for construction and operation of both natural gas pipelines and 
electric transmission lines, the protracted permitting process for electric 
transmission lines tips the scale considerably towards the more immediate 
returns available on investment in natural gas pipeline infrastructure.
Drew's questions:
1. What are the key factors that determine where a power plant developer puts 
his plant?
For purposes of this exercise, I'm assuming we're talking gas-fired 
generation.  Developers generally describe four considerations in deciding 
where to site a new electric power plant:
1. Market area demand (distributive) and/or Transmission access to market
2. Water rights for turbine cooling
3. Ease of permitting (environmental, encroachment, fed/state/local 
regulations, affected agencies/jurisdiction)
4. Proximity to natural gas pipeline/supply infrastructure  
2. Do the transmission access and pricing rules of the various 
utilities/power pools vary all that much or are Order 888 tariffs pretty much 
the same all over?
FERC Order 888 and 889 require public utilities to commit to standards of 
conduct and to file open access tariffs affecting transmission among and 
between other utilities and/or power pools in the various operating regions FERC ordered public utility transmission owners to provide transmission 
access and comparable service to competitors and to functionally separate 
their transmission/reliability functions from their wholesale merchant 
functions. The rulemaking is analogous to the open access requirements under 
FERC Order 436/500/636 affecting interstate natural gas pipelines.  It's 
pretty obvious from the California example this past summer, that with 
respect to the overall operation of a deregulated power market in individual 
states, particularly as concerns the establishment and regulation of 
Independent System Operators (ISO's), there is substantial room for 
improvement (and possible further FERC involvement).
"In the open access final rule (Order No. 888), the Commission issues a 
single pro forma tariff describing the minimum terms and conditions of 
service to bring about this nondiscriminatory open access transmission 
service.  All public utilities that own, control, or operate interstate 
transmission facilities are required to offer service to others under the pro 
forma tariff.  They must also use the pro forma tariffs for their own 
wholesale energy sales and purchases.  Order No. 888 also provides for the 
full recovery of stranded costs--that is, costs that were prudently incurred 
to serve power customers and that could go unrecovered if these customers use 
open access to move to another supplier 
3.  How do IPP's decide what fuel supply strategy works best (i.e., buy 
bundled delivered fuel from someone vs. buy gas, storage, transport, etc. 
separately)?
In my experience, there is no "one size fits all" formula or strategy.  For 
example, in the past we've seen Calpine take a very hands-on approach to 
supplying its IPP projects.  In the mid to late '80's, during the build out 
of several QF's (cogens), Calpine bought natural gas reserves in the ground 
and dedicated them to the project.  In today's market, Calpine has scavenged 
the gas and basis traders from Statoil and set-up a natural gas desk for the 
purchase and transportation management of gas supplies needed for its western 
U.S. power projects.  In other projects, developer/owners and their lenders 
are satisfied with a less active role in securing gas supply/transportation 
to the project.  In short, projects look at the liquidity of the gas supply/ 
transportation market in deciding whether they can achieve project economics 
and secure reliable supply by taking bids or RFP's for gas 
supply/transportation, or whether to take a more hands-on approach ala 
Calpine.
4.  What is the RTO Rule and why should we care?
Last December, the FERC issued Order No. 2000, a final rule on Regional 
Transmission Organizations (RTO's).  Order 2000 builds on the foundation of 
Orders 888 and 889 (issued in 1996).  According to FERC Chairman Jim Hoecker, 
Order 2000 makes "a persuasive case for separating control of grid operations 
from the influence of electricity market participants."  Therefore, Order 
2000 can be seen as a natural outgrowth of the perceived limitations on the 
functional unbundling adopted in Orders 888 and 889, continuing balkanization 
of the electric transmission grid based on corporate, not state or regional 
boundaries, as well as pressure to provide guidance on acceptable forms of 
privately-owned transmission companies 
FERC prescribes a voluntary approach to RTO participation.  The order 
initiates a regional collaborative process to foster RTO formation.  The 
Order also imposes filing requirements on the privately owned "public 
utilities" that are subject to FERC jurisdiction, and requires these private 
utilities to describe in their filings how they have attempted to accommodate 
the needs of transmission owning state/municipal, cooperative and federally 
owned systems.  FERC believes that, regardless of format, RTO's will offer 
the following benefits: (1) alleviate stress on the bulk power system caused 
by structural changes in the industry, (2) improve efficiencies in 
transmission grid management through better pricing and congestion 
management, (3) improve grid reliability, (4) remove remaining opportunities 
for discriminatory practices, (5) improve market performance, (6) increase 
coordination among state regulatory agencies, (7) cut transaction costs, (8) 
facilitate the success of state retail access programs, and (9) facilitate 
lighter-handed regulation. 
Critics point out that with its emphasis on flexibility, voluntary RTO 
formation and transmission rate reforms (i.e., incentives), Order 2000 defers 
for case-specific disposition many of the tough issues that must be resolved 
in order to create an operational RTO.   Moreover, Order 2000 does not compel 
any transmission owner to join an RTO, but provides only regulatory guidance 
and incentives for willing participants, as well as a veiled threat of 
further consequences for the hold-outs. 
As to the final part of the question ("why should we care?"), presumably, the 
development of a fully-functioning RTO network will promote both the 
efficiency and market transparency goals of the original FERC orders.  As 
FERC reads it, the future of gas-fired generation for both merchant and 
utility systems, depends on an efficiently operated open access transmission 
system.  Therefore, the promise of the RTO is to stimulate competition and 
the ongoing investment in new generation infrastructure.  Unfortunately, 
sources tell me that the voluntary nature of the RTO program may ultimately 
cripple its effectiveness in meeting its stated goals 
5.  Has $5/mmbtu gas killed the gas fired power market?
Natural gas prices of $5/MMBtu can only "kill" gas-fired power plants in 
those instances where (1) there are more economical alternatives to natural 
gas fuel, (2) demand for electric power is offset through demand side 
management or (3) natural gas in an environment of short supply is expressly 
prohibited from use as a power plant fuel.  In the Western U.S. marketplace, 
particularly in California, I see no viable alternative to natural gas fuel 
for electric power generation.  Renewable resources currently meet less than 
5% of the total electric resource requirements.  $32/barrel oil prices give 
fuel oil no clear economic advantage over natural gas (even at a $5/MMBtu 
price).  Moreover, California environmental and permitting regulations make 
the installation of new electric generation based on anything other than 
natural gas fuel or renewable resources virtually impossible.   While demand 
side management programs are the politically correct approach to meeting 
resource needs, historically, they have served only a minor role in 
offsetting the growth in electric power.  As to the final point, I'm unable 
to comment on the risk of future legal/regulatory restrictions governing the 
use of natural gas as a boiler or turbine fuel.
Steven Harris
10/26/2000 10:05 AM
Since you are the "expert" in this area, I need to know what economics would 
determine if a developer could site a power plant in New Mexico (maybe 
3,000MW) and build a line to the grid in California versus us expanding to 
deliver the gas to a power plant in California. If you could let me know by 
next Friday I would appreciate it 
Kevin Hyatt
10/25/2000 04:32 PM
Steve, see below.  Drew asked me to help him out with his meeting.
kh
Enron Energy Services
When we originally decided to use my staff meetings for "graduate education" 
one of the hot topics was the electric industry.  We all had a first lesson 
on this topic in Shelley's electricity seminar last summer.  Now, John and 
Kevin have graciously agreed to join us Tuesday at 1:30 to discuss recent 
developments in electric markets and NN's and TW's efforts to attract power 
generation load to the system.  Specific topics I hope to cover include the 
following:
1.  What are the key factors that determine where a power plant developer 
puts his plant 2.  Do the transmission access and pricing rules of the various 
utilities/power pools vary all that much or are Order 888 tariffs pretty much 
the same all over? 
3.  How do IPPs decide what fuel supply strategy works best (i.e., buy 
bundled delivered fuel from someone vs. buy gas, storage, transport, etc separately)?
4.  What is the RTO Rule and why should we care? 
5.  Has $5/mmbtu gas killed the gas fired power market?
Depending on how deeply we get into these topics, we may need to schedule a 
follow-up session at a later date.  I look forward to seeing you on Tuesday DF
Grab me to discuss for a few minutes--both would be interesting topics.  DF
Maria Pavlou
11/01/2000 10:51 AM
Electronic Filings/Demo of FERC home page and search functions might be a 
good topic for one of our staff meetings.  Nancy Bagot could present in 
person or via Video Conference.   Also, I gathered the Koch and Dominion 
materials regarding standards of conduct in electric proceedings.   I'd be 
happy to present but I also thought Tony would be a good choice as it would 
help him get up to speed on the Marketing Affiliate Rule.  Let's discuss thanks, Maria
Nancy Bagot
10/31/2000 02:02 PM
On Friday I attended an industry luncheon with Fernanda Young, FERC's Chief 
Information Officer.  She discussed some of the electronic filing and 
research changes coming to FERC.  The crux of the discussion is that within a 
few years (by 2003), FERC's internet website will include a searchable 
database that functions very much like Lexus/Nexus (except for the exorbitant 
fees).
For electronic filing, the first step begins tomorrow with comments (without 
service lists) being filed electronically.  Filers do not have to duplicate 
with a paper copy.  All filings, which can be received by FERC in almost any 
format, will be converted to Adobe Acrobat (.pdf files) by FERC for viewing 
online and available within minutes of being received.   The electronic PDF 
version will be the official copy for pagination citations.  The next round 
of filings to be accepted electronically will include interventions and 
protests.  Coming on line further down the road are documents with extensive 
service lists, as Fernanda is intent on cleaning up those lists of duplicate 
or "stale" names, companies and parties before going forward with electronic 
service of parties.  That process could be very involved, since each party 
will have to be contacted with a chance to respond before being removed or 
changed from a service list.
Another sticking point with major filings is the issue of electronic 
signatures, which is a security issue rather than a legal issue.  Electronic 
signatures demand the highest level of security and will be very costly to 
implement.  Fernanda believes that encryption offers sufficient security and 
she will urge the Commission to make an initial recommendation that does not 
include electronic filing.  This will be discussed with industry through a 
series of informal outreach sessions over the next few months; Fernanda 
expects some pushback on electronic signatures from some industry members, 
especially attorneys and law firms.
As for internet access and research capabilities, the FERC homepage will be 
revamped to include better design and more accessible information for 
non-FERC watchers (ie, the general public).  RIMS and CIPS will eventually be 
combined into one database that will be searchable (by words contained in a 
document's Abstract) and easy to use for researching and printing documents All documents will be in PDF format.  The timeline for these changes is 
relatively short, with the full transition of the database and electronic 
filing requirements completed by 2003.
pls print.  thanks df
Tony Pryor
11/01/2000 10:43 AM
Attached for your review and comment is a draft of a policy to be distributed 
to EOL/ENA employees. While the policy may seem over-restrictive, the fact 
basis upon which the policy is based is that the activities identified in the 
policy are currently performed by ENA employees. Of course, we still need to 
talk about this issue.
I'd be happy to give you some specific feedback on this project.  I think you 
did a good job of bringing some focus to a project that badly needed focus I was particularly pleased with how you vectored off from what started out as 
a computer system enhancement project and instead you brought home a solution 
that allows us to improve things immediately with manual processes and then 
upgrade to a system if we choose.  You showed a lot of creativity and 
flexibility in adapting to the changing project focus.  I really valued your 
thoroughness in getting input from all interested parties.  Your legwork up 
front made it a lot easier to get needed buy-in when we finally brought 
management in.  The product was timely and I expect it to deliver on my 
expectations, although the implementation will be the key.  Thanks again for 
the good work, and expect me to be a frequent customer.  DF 
Sarabeth Smith
01/17/2000 12:10 PM
Now that the investigation of documents has been completed and a general plan 
of action has been agreed upon by the various departments involved, the 
Document Controls Investigation Project has drawn to a close.  As I have 
indicated to Contract Administration, I am available to assist them as they 
deem necessary in further detailing and implementing the new enhancements to 
the contracts process.
At the close of a project, it is always good to gain feedback from the 
project sponsors and look for ways that Business Consulting/Business Services 
can be even more effective within the ET&S organization.  With this purpose 
in mind, Drew and Julia, would you be willing to send your comments to myself 
and/or Mike McGowan on the following:
Did the end result of the project meet your expectations?
Did the end result meet the objectives outlined in the project scope?
Were you able to accomplish what you intended as a sponsor of the project?
Was the project delivered in a timely manner?
Any other comments that might be valuable for leadership or participation in 
future projects by Business Consulting/Business Services?
Paul Bieniawski's phone number is 713-345-8641.  Go ahead and give him a call 
just as a courtesy  to let him what you guys are looking at at Bushton and 
let him know I put you up to it.  If he has some useful off the cuff 
insights, great.  If not, that's fine also.  I don't expect you to send him 
any material or get him deeply involved--just give him a heads up.  DF
Susan Scott
11/02/2000 10:57 AM
Attached is a draft of an answer to protests received in Docket No. RP01-56 Please let me know your comments before noon tomorrow if possible.  Thanks.
Ugh.  Do we need to say "from storage inventory" or can we just mention gas 
sales?  I seem to recall that we already discussed that and the accountants 
wanted to mention the source of the sold gas, but if I'm wrong, lets make the 
reference less specific.  Thanks. DF 
Here are the paragraphs in the 3QTR 10Q relative to ETS that contain 
references to our base gas sales.  We have suggested the change shown to 
de-emphasize the fact that there were sales in both years.   Do you want to 
suggest any further changes in the next draft we receive for review?
Allen Joe
11/01/2000 02:15 PM
Attached are proposed changes to Enron's 10Q for 3rd Qtr 00 on ETS net 
revenues section.
FYI.. This will be one of the topics this pm.  DF
Charlie Graham
11/03/2000 09:51 AM
Mike,
Finally talked to Steve Winston.  Oneok will meet with us in Omaha on the 
afternoon of Monday November 20th.  They will bring representatives from 
Business Development, Engineering, and Operations but no attorney's.  The 
meeting will be limited to CO2 mitigation.  They would like us to provide 
them with:  1) all facility or operational alternatives that we have or would 
considered including their cost, and what we would charge to provide them as 
a service,  and 2) any contractual or tariff actions we could take (like 
getting the CIG gas receipt moved to Dumas 
Steve indicated that Prax Air (s.p.?) is challenging Oneok's "force majeure" 
contention and is holding Oneok accountable for nonperformance.  Steve will 
fax me a copy of the notice they received if Oneok's attorney's approve Steve also indicated that since the CO2 level has come down this month, they 
will try to put the Helium plant back on today.
Charlie
Great--please make one change for me--change  "influence it" to "comment on 
it"  at the end of the first par. of B.  thanks DF
Susan Scott
11/03/2000 02:32 PM
Here is what I think is a final draft...I'm going to give it one last read 
thru...if you have further comments let me know immediately.  Thanks.
A couple of issues strike me as particularly important to report on tomorrow: 
(1) the TW train wreck--possible insurance coverage and strength of any claim 
against the railroad.  We ought to talk to Lou to make sure we have the 
latest info as I haven't talked to him since Thursday.  (2)  Status of 
possible litigation involving OneOk.  I don't think anyone has reported to 
Stan on the threatening noise from ONeOk about Praxair's rejection of the 
OneOk force majeure letter.  I'm sure MKM (or Dan on her behalf) will report 
that we are getting the strangers contract ready to send out, but she may not 
mention the Winston conversation with Charlie Graham.  I'll check the bullets 
again to see if anything else jumps out.  Talk to you at 8:30.  DF 
I'm good with Maria's changes.  Thanks both.  DF
Maria Pavlou
11/06/2000 10:14 AM
I made a few revisions.  Pls. call me if you have any questions.  thanks, 
Maria
Steve Kirk
11/06/2000 08:51 AM
Tony is on vacation today.  Please review asap.  Thanks.
Steve Kirk
11/06/2000 07:47 AM
Tony, I need your review and approval asap for the attached E.Dubuque 
delivery products that are "daily" in nature (one is for receipt at Ventura 
and the other is for receipt at Demarc).  The rate aspect is the same 
language as the one-part rates we have already used (designated as "R+C This "Dly" designation means that the term is one day which will be rolled 
over day-to-day unless either party cancels the rollover.  The term language 
shown here is the same as the "daily" language we have been using.  Call me 
with your questions. Thanks. x7067.
Looks good to me--I think you ought to have them file it asap.  Then we need 
to get a couple of additional shippers to respond to Edwards' thing.  DF 
Susan Scott
11/06/2000 04:10 PM
The easiest way would be to delay the closing until January.  Is there a 
reason we can't do that?  DF
We need to make sure this upside doesn't get taken in 2000.  It is part of 
the 2001 plan.  What ideas do we have for reserving equivlaent dollars?  the 
TC swap? depending on the outcome of the Carlton order, we may have a couple 
hundred thousand there?  we need to discuss how we want this treated for when 
it gets to Rod-  MK
Bob Burleson
11/07/2000 05:03 PM
I had a meeting with El Paso the afternoon of Nov. 6th to discuss the 
abandonment, and the "next steps"
El Paso agrees to shoot for a November 30, 2000 close, with them assuming 
commercial and revenue responsibility on December 1st.  I requested funds 
transfer to NNG on the first business day of Jan 2001.
All exhibits to the P&SA are collected and being made available to legal for 
incorporation into closing documents.  These include MMS ROW's, space lease 
agreements on  three platforms, and a surviving NNG/Sea Gull transport 
agreement.
Robert Newman with EGC has contacted El Paso field operations and they have 
developed a list of information operations will transfer to El Paso regarding 
pipeline Ass Builts, maintenance information,. metering activity, MMS safety 
inspections, corrosion control, leak histories, etc.
Preliminary worksheet showing the "Adjusted Price" was developed and agreed 
to with El Paso.  Estimate of proceeds at the time of closing will be 
$1,357,107.00.  This was developed using estimates for the last three months 
revenue stream, and four month of O&M.  The final number will be developed 
and routed internally once actual variable are known.  Due to the transition 
to SAP, queries be expense code are more difficult to obtain.
If you should have any questions or need any information please let me know.
Thanks, Bob
What's the basis--do you currently use a laptop?
DENISE LAGESSE
11/07/2000 03:46 PM
Please approve the following purchase for Susan Scott: (and please don't take 
it out of my huge raise come Feb!)
Compaq laptop (1 ea)  $2,745.00 2,745.00 total
Memory upgrade (1 ea)        575.00    575.00 total
Docking stations (2 ea)        587.00 ea 1,174.00 total
4,494.00 grand total
pls print.  thanks. dF
Attached please find the RSVP form for the 2000 Enron Law Conference and a 
cover
letter regarding same.  Complete the RSVP form and return it no later than
Friday, February 11th via email to Sara.Davidson@ or fax it to (713)
646-4995.
(See attached file: 2000 rsvp letter.doc)     (See attached file: 2000 rsvp
form.doc)
- 2000 rsvp letter.doc
- 2000 rsvp form.doc
memo
Please follow up with Lou on this.  It sounds like something the commercial 
people would be in a good position to answer, so maybe start by finding out 
if they are already responding, either through Lou or otherwise.  Then get 
the right people to review and supplement this list.  Thanks. df 
11/08/2000 11:06 AM
Louis Soldano
Louis Soldano
Louis Soldano
11/08/2000 11:06 AM
11/08/2000 11:06 AM
EHS Corporate has asked we verify this inventory of services/products  from 
all of the various companies that fit under the very broadest form of the ETS 
umbrella.  I offer the following thoughts:  I don't believe EOTT has any 
relationship with the Mt. Belvieu storage operations; I don't know if we 
purchase natural gas except for fuel purposes; do we currently have any gas 
gathering facilities?? or just transmission??; EOTT Fleet Vehicles could be 
better defined; Risk Management services??
Feedback would be extremely helpful before the 17th
Lou,
This is a follow-up to a meeting we had about 2 months ago on Life Cycle 
Impact Assessments.  The 1st phase of the assessment involves completing an 
inventory of Enron's products\services and volumes.  I am currently 
requesting each business unit to verify the products and services we have 
identified and make any modifications to the list.  I am enlisting your 
assistance to do this for ETS, including EOTT.  I need to have the 
verification completed by 11/17. Please advise if you have any questions.
Thanks,
Susan Worthen
Director
Environmental Compliance, Enron Corp
713/646-6579  713/345-6164 fax
3AC 1525
I appreciate the message, Tom, and by this email am requesting that my 
clients give this some thought.  Either Mike or I will be back in touch with 
you shortly.  Thanks again!  DF 
Tom Rutherford  Hope you are doing well. The upcoming legislative session will, at the
least,be considering pipeline safety proposals, and possibly tax
measures. Should we visit about me at least monitoring the session for
Transwestern? Please call..505-265-7129..thanks, tom rutherford
pls print.  thanks
Rudi,
Below is ETS Risk Management Policy, which we would like Corporate to review 
before it is presented to management for approval and limit establishment.  I 
have also attached a 1st draft of the Risk Management Procedures and Controls 
that while not all are fully in place we expect them to be operational once 
transactional active increases. 
Rudi, who would be the person to check with on this policy.
The truth comes out.
- MORONS1.GIF
Are you coming?  I think I owe you a beer or two, and since it will be on my 
expense account, I don't mind paying up!  DF 
Are you going?  If so, I'll  .  DF
Sorry you weren't able to join my hunting boondoggle in SoDak!  It was epic Lots of birds (the wild variety, not pen raised and tied down like at 
Pheasant Haven!)  We saw literally 1500-2000 birds over three days of 
hunting, and limited out every day.  Got my first double--two shots, two 
birds, nothun' but net.  You gonna be at the mgt conf?  I'd love to get 
caught up with you and share some new tales of woe from the pipeline 
group.    PS, I met Angie Green yesterday--very sharp young lady.  She said 
to say hi to you and Nicole.  Adios.  DF  
Sorry to hear that.  Please convey my disappointment and hopes that all is 
well with Mark and his clan.  DF  
Beverley Ashcroft@ECT
11/15/2000 05:12 AM
Hello Mr Fossum, 
Unfortunately, Mark Schroeder is unable to attend the Managers Meeting in San 
Antonio due to unforeseen circumstances.  I just wanted to pass on Mark's 
apologies, because I know you were going to get together. 
,
Beverley 
Beverley Ashcroft
Assistant
Government and Regulatory Affairs
Tel: 020 7783 5302
Fax: 020 7783 9223
Susan, MKM's got some good questions about this.  I'm still nervous as a cat 
about the deals, so please give me a call Mon. AM and let me know what you 
know about the scheduling priority and how it has changed now that this is an 
LFT deal.  DF 
Mary Kay Miller
11/19/2000 07:39 AM
We really do need to understand the scheduling of this,  if alternates 
haven't been scheduled, IT are and now an LFT---  seems a little 
questionable, so we need to understand the answer.  Also without knowing the 
receipt point how do we know the deal can be done as LFT??  MK
Mary Darveaux
11/16/2000 05:34 PM
I forgot to add that this is an LFT.
Mary Darveaux
11/16/2000 04:50 PM
Alas- a negotiated Rate Filing with a few days notice 
TK has done it again  Negotiated Rate deal with Sempra
December 1 thru December 31
Rate $1.00
10,000/day
Receipt Point  ____?  (to be provided)
Delivery Point  PG&E Topock
I will prepare the filing for November 30th.  Barb, please add to our filing 
log 
pls delete Dorothy's name from the Form 3 and replace it with mine and put in 
the dates from 1-1-99--12-31-99.  Please print me about 15 of each blank form 
.  Thanks.   DF 
Dorothy McCoppin
12/15/99 04:53 PM
Here are the forms that I have "unlocked" so they can be re-formatted, 
re-configured.  Form 3 is for client feedback.  Form 4 is the summary of your 
review (to which I added a "VP, Manager" section).   For your use in doing 
reviews.  Merry Christmas!!!  See you in the next millineum!
--Dot
Here is that email I told you about last night.  I'm sure Wall Street feels=20
the same way about the pipeline group.  DF
John Enerson@ECT
01/13/2000 01:44 PM
=09Jay Hawthorn
=0912/17/99 10:00 AM
=09=09=20
FYI, a daily report put out by CIBC illustrating their view on the emerging=20
market 
Daily Teletimes  CIBC World Markets
We had a very informative meeting with Enron=01,s management yesterday--Jeff=20
Skilling, CEO of Enron (ENE - Buy) as well as Ken Rice, CEO of Enron=20
Communications and their Software VP, David Berberian and others. Enron has=20
built out a substantial fiber network and begun to make substantial moves=20
towards developing a bandwidth trading market.  We don=01,t believe that a lot=20
of telecom investors understand how well thought out and agressive Enron=20
plans on being in this market.  It appears that Enron is now planning to=20
articulate its strategy- specifically at their investor conference on January=20
20th in New York.  While details will have to wait until the 20th, Enron is=20
essentially aiming to build a gateway tieing in all the major long-distance=20
networks, guaranteeing premium quality and pricing in doing so (i.e. a =20
=01&Network of Networks=018).  While ENE does plan to use its own network to carry=20
traffic, it plans to focus largely on seamlessly integrating capacity bought=20
on other carriers networks.  Operationally, this boils down to a very smart=20
switching system that gives customers the capabilities and reliability of a=20
single network at the front-end while integrating capacity sourced from=20
multiple networks on the back end, creating more robust overall transport=20
capabilities.  ENE believes that this integration of multiple networks will=20
offer greater path diversity, reliability, and efficiency than any=20
single-network solution.  We note that Enron=01,s multi-sourcing approach is=20
tailor-made to foster the development of a robust capacity trading market (as=20
discussed in our recent bandwidth trading report).  Given Enron=01,s dominance=20
of the electricity and natural gas markets, we believe that there is no=20
better positioned company to create and capitalize on such a market in=20
bandwidth.   While we await further details, we did leave the meeting with a=20
much greater understanding of and confidence in ENE=01,s overall telecom=20
strategy.  We believe that their telecom business could create tens of=20
billions of dollars of shareholder value if ENE executes well.  We recommend=20
that telecom investors make an effort to attend the Jan. 20 meeting.=20
Tim Horan 212-667-5459
I've talked to Lee Ferrell about this, and it sounds to me like there are 
serious business reasons (i.e., cost and functionality) not to use the ENA 
system.  THe "sharing of resources" issue worries me, but might be solvable 
if the right people are in Networks instead of ENA.  I'll call you tomorrow DF 
Lee Ferrell
11/16/2000 04:16 PM
We have been asked to justify our  proposal to purchase third party risk 
management software rather than use in-house ENA systems.  Since there are 
affiliate issues as addressed below, please give us your opinion of the risk 
we might run in trying to use ENA's systems.
Lisa Sawyer
11/16/2000 01:48 PM
Lee,
Just to recap the meeting with Richard Burchfield and Steve Stock, based on 
the requirements that you and Vernon have identified, we would need to use 
several of the system components including TAG, ERMS, GLOBAL COUNTERPARTY, 
CREDIT, and UNIFY for settlements.  All of these applications are tightly 
integrated.  We considered moving them into the ETS environment which would 
separate the applications, but this would be a very large undertaking and 
would be a resource intensive effort.  Therefore, due to the size, complexity 
and integration of the applications, the group came to the conclusion that it 
would be more timely and cost effective from an inception as well as 
maintenance standpoint that ETS would have to share these systems with the 
marketing group, and that porting them to the ETS environment as separate 
application images would not be good from an overall migration as well as 
support standpoint.  Additionally, we considered the EnPower System which is 
also integrated into GLOBAL COUNTERPARTY, CREDIT and UNIFY.  We are planning 
on a demo Friday morning, but there may be some functionality that you all 
are looking for related to gas that EnPower cannot provide at this time and 
would require some customization.  We'll know more tomorrow after the demo.
Regarding security, these applications are secured to segregate the data, but 
we need an approval from Legal that it would be ok to use shared resources 
from the IT standpoint.  This would include application developers and 
database administrators.  Additionally, we would have to go through the 
process of verifying that there would be no security leaks where it would be 
possible for a marketer to run a report on pipeline related data, etc...  If 
we can get an ok from Legal regardinig sharing of resources, then one of 
these options can be explored further, but if we cannot get approval on 
sharing of resources, it doesn't look like porting either of these 
applications into the ETS environment as standalone apps would be the most 
timely or cost effective way to go at this time.  Can you get a stand from 
Legal regarding this issue?  Thanks.
OK.  DF
DENISE LAGESSE
11/16/2000 04:04 PM
Please approve the attached expense report and cc: me on your approval Thanks!
As we discussed, based on this email and the other information you have given 
me, I have significant concerns about our ability to use the ENA products 
discussed below.  Having ENA IT people involved on an ongoing basis in 
maintaining the software and assisting us in using it would probably 
constitute a violation of the marketing affiliate rules or would at minimum 
create the appearance of marketing affiliate violations.  As I understand the 
risk books, etc., confidential information on our various capacity positions 
would be all over the place and difficult or impossible to firewall off from 
ENA people working on those books.  If there is some firewall strategy that 
the ENA folks have in mind, i.e., if those IT people are or will be employed 
by Networks or Corp., I am eager to listen, but from what I have learned so 
far, I am not comfortable with our use of the ENA system.  DF 
Lee Ferrell
11/16/2000 04:16 PM
We have been asked to justify our  proposal to purchase third party risk 
management software rather than use in-house ENA systems.  Since there are 
affiliate issues as addressed below, please give us your opinion of the risk 
we might run in trying to use ENA's systems.
Lisa Sawyer
11/16/2000 01:48 PM
Lee,
Just to recap the meeting with Richard Burchfield and Steve Stock, based on 
the requirements that you and Vernon have identified, we would need to use 
several of the system components including TAG, ERMS, GLOBAL COUNTERPARTY, 
CREDIT, and UNIFY for settlements.  All of these applications are tightly 
integrated.  We considered moving them into the ETS environment which would 
separate the applications, but this would be a very large undertaking and 
would be a resource intensive effort.  Therefore, due to the size, complexity 
and integration of the applications, the group came to the conclusion that it 
would be more timely and cost effective from an inception as well as 
maintenance standpoint that ETS would have to share these systems with the 
marketing group, and that porting them to the ETS environment as separate 
application images would not be good from an overall migration as well as 
support standpoint.  Additionally, we considered the EnPower System which is 
also integrated into GLOBAL COUNTERPARTY, CREDIT and UNIFY.  We are planning 
on a demo Friday morning, but there may be some functionality that you all 
are looking for related to gas that EnPower cannot provide at this time and 
would require some customization.  We'll know more tomorrow after the demo.
Regarding security, these applications are secured to segregate the data, but 
we need an approval from Legal that it would be ok to use shared resources 
from the IT standpoint.  This would include application developers and 
database administrators.  Additionally, we would have to go through the 
process of verifying that there would be no security leaks where it would be 
possible for a marketer to run a report on pipeline related data, etc...  If 
we can get an ok from Legal regardinig sharing of resources, then one of 
these options can be explored further, but if we cannot get approval on 
sharing of resources, it doesn't look like porting either of these 
applications into the ETS environment as standalone apps would be the most 
timely or cost effective way to go at this time.  Can you get a stand from 
Legal regarding this issue?  Thanks.
As you requested, following are the facts for the media regarding the 
negotiated rate deals that TW has recently done at rates in excess of the 
tariff max rate.   Please note that the first two transactions are already 
public and the following information can be disclosed now.  The third deal 
has not been filed yet and will not be public until it is.  That filing will 
be made before Dec. 1, 2000. 
General:  TW has done three deals in the last week at rates in excess of TW's 
maximum tariff rate.  Each of the deals was done pursuant to TW's negotiated 
rate authority, which FERC granted TW in 1997.  (Order issued April 11, 1997, 
Transwestern Pipeline Co., 79 FERC Par. 61,021).  Pursuant to that authority, 
TW has filed negotiated rate tariff sheets with the FERC, which are docketed 
at Docket No. RP97-288.  Details on the specific transactions are as follows:
Deal 1:  Counterparty:  PG&E Energy Trading
Rate Schedule:  ITS-1
Volume:    30,000/day
Rate:  $.90/MMBtu, inclusive of surcharges
Term: the one day period of November 15, 2000
Receipt points:  NNG Halley, West Texas Pool
Delivery point:  SoCal Topock
Deal 2:  Same as Deal 1,  except term is one day period of November 16, 2000 
and rate is $.75/MMBtu  
Deal 3:  Counterparty:  Sempra Energy Trading
Rate Schedule:  LFT
Volume:  10,000/day
Rate:  $1.00/MMBtu, inclusive of surcharges
Term:  Dec. 1-Dec. 31, 2000
Receipt point:  Bloomfield
Delivery point:  PG&E Topock
All of the above information is contained in TW's FERC filings on these 
transactions.  No other information is available as TW does not comment on 
specific customer transactions 
Stuck on the phone so I thought I'd email you.  Stan has asked Mike Moran if 
TW has any potential exposure on the high value transport deals under "anti 
gouging" statutes or common law.  You know, the laws that say you can't 
charge $100 per sheet of plywood during a hurricane or $50 for a bucket of 
water during a drought.  I think we need to research two things:
1.  are there any such laws applicable to our business?  (Cal. state law 
would probably be the best place to start)
2.  could the political/regulatory fight in Cal about power and gas prices 
ever expand all the way to our transport pricing?  I.e., if the CPUC whacks 
the power sellers for taking unfair advantage of their monopoly power, its 
not a big leap for the CPUC or FERC or even U.S. congress to whack gas 
sellers for jacking prices up to $14/MMBtu, as happened on Friday.  If that 
happens, its just another small jump to whack us for charging $1 for 
transport, or so the logic goes.  I'd like to hear preliminary views by 8:30 
Monday am so I can talk to Mike before Stan's staff meeting (no written memo 
necessary).  Based on that prelim. research, we can decide what else need s 
to be done.  Thanks df 
Hey, got my facts together on our Houston gig--we'll be down Sat. Dec. 2 
through mon the 4th.  Any chance we could swing by on Sunday and see  you 
guys?  DF
That is by far the best line of the day!!  Unconscionability may be the thing 
I'm remembering, but I think there is some more specific law related to 
market dislocations--i.e., the Hurricane example.  Its sort of a twist on 
market power law--i.e., if the fates hand you short term market power, you 
better not use it.  DF 
Susan Scott
11/21/2000 10:08 AM
I know there is some case law out there on contracts being voided because 
they are "unconscionable."  There are several examples in consumer law and 
employment law, in which one contracting party is a corporation and the other 
is a West Palm Beach voter.  However, if my memory serves me correctly, none 
of them involve contracts between 2 sophisticated business entities such as 
TW and Sempra or PG&E.  Absent evidence of fraud, courts uphold bargains 
struck at arms length Kathy, I'd be happy to take the oars on this but if you've already done some 
looking, please let me know if you've found anything.
Stuck on the phone so I thought I'd email you.  Stan has asked Mike Moran if 
TW has any potential exposure on the high value transport deals under "anti 
gouging" statutes or common law.  You know, the laws that say you can't 
charge $100 per sheet of plywood during a hurricane or $50 for a bucket of 
water during a drought.  I think we need to research two things:
1.  are there any such laws applicable to our business?  (Cal. state law 
would probably be the best place to start)
2.  could the political/regulatory fight in Cal about power and gas prices 
ever expand all the way to our transport pricing?  I.e., if the CPUC whacks 
the power sellers for taking unfair advantage of their monopoly power, its 
not a big leap for the CPUC or FERC or even U.S. congress to whack gas 
sellers for jacking prices up to $14/MMBtu, as happened on Friday.  If that 
happens, its just another small jump to whack us for charging $1 for 
transport, or so the logic goes.  I'd like to hear preliminary views by 8:30 
Monday am so I can talk to Mike before Stan's staff meeting (no written memo 
necessary).  Based on that prelim. research, we can decide what else need s 
to be done.  Thanks df 
pls give me your comments next week..  thanks  df
Jeffery Fawcett
11/21/2000 01:17 PM
Attached for your review and comment is a broad outline of a rate proposal to 
Caithness for the construction and operation of the 40-mile lateral to the 
Big Sandy project.  This non-binding proposal was requested by Caithness' 
consultant, George Briden, as a starting point for modeling the economics of 
the project's gas supply and a basis for further discussions aimed at 
designing an appropriate deal structure.  For your information, James 
Centilli calculated the transport rate based on the (+/- 30%) $20.33MM cost 
estimate with a ten-year (contract) amortization 
I plan to put this in the mail by the close of business tomorrow.  If you 
have any suggestions, please let me hear from you by mid-day.   Thanks.
Looks good--I'm faxing some minor comments.  Give George my best!  DF
Jeffery Fawcett
11/21/2000 01:17 PM
Attached for your review and comment is a broad outline of a rate proposal to 
Caithness for the construction and operation of the 40-mile lateral to the 
Big Sandy project.  This non-binding proposal was requested by Caithness' 
consultant, George Briden, as a starting point for modeling the economics of 
the project's gas supply and a basis for further discussions aimed at 
designing an appropriate deal structure.  For your information, James 
Centilli calculated the transport rate based on the (+/- 30%) $20.33MM cost 
estimate with a ten-year (contract) amortization 
I plan to put this in the mail by the close of business tomorrow.  If you 
have any suggestions, please let me hear from you by mid-day.   Thanks.
Excellent reading of the legal authority issues as well as the political 
winds.  I think your sense of the likelihood of trouble is accurate.  I also 
agree with your implicit premise that if FERC or anyone else wanted to make 
trouble regarding our negotiated rate deals, the easiest approach, and the 
most direct one, is to challenge the deals as unjust and unreasonable under 
NGA section 4/5.  To challenge the deals under some state law "gouging" 
theory would give rise to preemption defenses on our part, etc.  I'll talk to 
you and Kathy further tomorrow AM and then we can grab Mike to discuss Thanks.  DF 
Susan Scott
11/22/2000 12:14 PM
As to your question about what's going on in California, I've done some 
reading and here are my thoughts.
The Nov. 1 FERC order in Docket No. EL00-95-000, in which the Commission 
ordered a $150/MWh price cap (among other things), was predicated on the 
Commission's authority under Section 206 of the Federal Power Act Specifically, the FPA provides that if the Commission finds that "any rate, 
charge or classification for jurisdictional services, or any rule, 
regulation, practice or contract affecting such rate, charge or 
classification" is unjust or unreasonable, the Commission shall determine the 
just and reasonable rate, charge, classification, rule, regulation, practice, 
or contract that should be in effect.  The Commission recognized that certain 
areas of the flawed California market are not within its jurisdiction, but 
"fixed" the areas within its jurisdiction.   Apparently the California 
governor agrees with me that the Commission's jurisdiction in the area of 
wholesale electricity prices is questionable 
In any event, if the Commission wanted to open a proceeding to investigate 
the justness and reasonableness of negotiated gas transportation rates, its 
authority to do so would be much clearer.  The Natural Gas Act expressly 
authorizes FERC to declare unlawful any transportation rate that is not just 
and reasonable.  "Just and reasonable" has been interpreted in many different 
contexts and the Commission has significant discretion over what it means As we all know too well, the Commission sometimes acts unpredictably However, my feeling is that it will probably take more than 2 or 3 
above-max-rate contracts to motivate the FERC to act to declare a negotiated 
rate deal, struck within a pipeline's tariff authority, to be unjust and 
unreasonable.  The California proceeding was initiated after entire 
communities of individual consumers suffered 200-300% increases in their 
electricity bills.  The prices for electricity in California were outrageous 
across the board and affected everyone in the state.  By contrast, TW's 
transport rates for its short-term deals are far removed from end user prices 
and the practice of negotiating higher than max rate deals is probably not 
widespread enough for anyone to notice.  It is far from being a consumer 
issue, and besides, the elections are over.  However, as you and I have 
already discussed, we must be wary of parties like Dynegy that do notice just 
about everything and who might try to draw it to FERC's attention.  We do 
need to watch to see whether other pipelines serving California are doing the 
same types of deals.  Kathy, why don't you and I discuss a system of 
monitoring the contract information postings of El Paso, Kern, PGT/NW.  Drew, 
obviously I've only scratched the surface here so let's talk if you want a 
more in-depth report.
That is by far the best line of the day!!  Unconscionability may be the thing 
I'm remembering , but I think there is some more specific law related to 
market dislocations--i.e., the Hurricane example.  Its sort of a twist on 
market power law--i.e., if the fates hand you short term market power, you 
better not use it.  DF 
Susan Scott
11/21/2000 10:08 AM
I know there is some case law out there on contracts being voided because 
they are "unconscionable."  There are several examples in consumer law and 
employment law, in which one contracting party is a corporation and the other 
is a West Palm Beach voter.  However, if my memory serves me correctly, none 
of them involve contracts between 2 sophisticated business entities such as 
TW and Sempra or PG&E.  Absent evidence of fraud, courts uphold bargains 
struck at arms length Kathy, I'd be happy to take the oars on this but if you've already done some 
looking, please let me know if you've found anything.
Stuck on the phone so I thought I'd email you.  Stan has asked Mike Moran if 
TW has any potential exposure on the high value transport deals under "anti 
gouging" statutes or common law.  You know, the laws that say you can't 
charge $100 per sheet of plywood during a hurricane or $50 for a bucket of 
water during a drought.  I think we need to research two things:
1.  are there any such laws applicable to our business?  (Cal. state law 
would probably be the best place to start)
2.  could the political/regulatory fight in Cal about power and gas prices 
ever expand all the way to our transport pricing?  I.e., if the CPUC whacks 
the power sellers for taking unfair advantage of their monopoly power, its 
not a big leap for the CPUC or FERC or even U.S. congress to whack gas 
sellers for jacking prices up to $14/MMBtu, as happened on Friday.  If that 
happens, its just another small jump to whack us for charging $1 for 
transport, or so the logic goes.  I'd like to hear preliminary views by 8:30 
Monday am so I can talk to Mike before Stan's staff meeting (no written memo 
necessary).  Based on that prelim. research, we can decide what else need s 
to be done.  Thanks df 
Here is a good example of the problem to which your research project 
pertains.  This info. could be devastating in the next rate case ( or sooner) 
if disclosed.  How comfortable are we with our privilege arguments?  DF
Martha Benner
01/19/2000 12:35 PM
Outstanding!!!  Still colder than shit up here--what are you guys even 
thinking on moving up here????  I'll call you to check out the details later 
this week.  Thanks. DF
Absolutely!  We fire up the heater on the pool so bring the girls suits.
Hey, got my facts together on our Houston gig--we'll be down Sat. Dec. 2
through mon the 4th.  Any chance we could swing by on Sunday and see  you
guys?  DF
Great job.  I'll grab you and Susan Mon. AM to discuss this and her 
thoughts.  DF 
Kathy Ringblom
11/21/2000 04:55 PM
Drew, I will try to summarize the research I did today on the referenced 
subject.  The bottom line is that I did not find any California statutes that 
appeare to be applicable to what we're doing.  I looked at California's 
General Business Regulations, Unfair Trade Practices statute, the Public 
Utilities Code, an ALR annotation that discussed cases in which courts have 
reviewed acts or practices prohibited by state deceptive trade practice and 
consumer protection statutes, and I searched case law and statutes using 
terms such as gouging, unconscionable, pricing practices, etc.  The 
California Unfair Practices Act is "... not a price-fixing statute, but seeks 
to regulate conduct of those engaged in business in order to eliminate such 
unfair practices as price discrimination indulged in for purpose of injuring 
competitors or destroying competition.  It does not make every difference in 
price unlawful, but only those differences that cannot be justified after 
proper allowance has been made for differences in grade, quality, quantity or 
cost of transportation."   It appears that the statutes and cases that are 
anywhere close to what we're looking for deal with protection of the ultimate 
consumer and not sophisticated energy companies 
I did find a price gouging statute in New York that states that its purpose 
is to prohibit conduct that could occur during periods of abnormal disruption 
of the market caused by strikes, power failures, severe shortages or other 
extraordinary adverse circumstances when parties have taken unfair advangage 
of consumers by charging grossly excessive prices for essential goods and 
services.  I reviewed two cases, People v. Two Wheel Corp. and State of New 
York v. Strong Oil Company, that deal with a company that sold portable 
electric generators at unconscionably excessive prices during a power failure 
caused by a hurricane and a company that sold home heating fuel at an 
unconscionably excessive price during a period of abnormal disruption of the 
market, respectively.  (The Strong Oil case discussed Federal pre-emption of 
state law due to the Federal Emergency Petroleum Allocation Act.)  I will put 
copies of these cases as well as some of the other documents mentioned above 
in your in-box in case you want to review them 
I looked briefly at Texas law but didn't see anything.  I obviously didn't 
get every state covered.  If you want me to look further, please let me 
know 
fyi.  df
Karen Lagerstrom
11/27/2000 03:34 PM
Please review the attached draft letter addressing the implementation of the 
Sunflower flow control.  If you have any comments or questions, please call 
me.  Thanks!
Karen
This morning I raised a concern regarding TW's sale of excess fuel at 
downstream points.  Here's the problem:  the tariff requires shippers to 
tender fuel to us at their receipt points.  With rare exceptions, those 
receipt points are not at the Cal. border.  Order 636 mandates that pipelines 
unbundle transportation from storage.  It also requires that pipelines that 
make gas sales do so at the furthest upstream point on their pipeline.  That 
latter requirement means that if a pipe buys gas at point "x", it should 
resell the gas at point "x" and not haul the gas to point "y" and then sell 
it there as a delivered (i.e., bundled) product.  My concern this morning was 
that our receipt of fuel gas in the San Juan or Permian and shipment of that 
gas to the Cal. border for sale arguably violates the unbundling requirement 
(because the Cal. border sale is a bundled combination of the sale and the 
transportation of the gas to the downstream location) or the "furthest 
upstream point" requirement or both.  Susan and my recollection was that when 
ECS wanted to receive the Gallup fuel deliveries at  a point other than 
Permian pool, we made them sign a transport contract to move the gas to where 
they wanted it.  I haven't confirmed that recollection but I am recalling 
that we told Courtney that we couldn't just move our fuel gas around 
whereever we wanted it--we needed someone to pay us to transport it.
Irrespective of what we did with ECS, I think the following is the correct 
way to look at this situation:  We receive fuel at the shippers' receipt 
points.  Once we receive it, however, it is no longer "fuel."  It becomes 
line pack until it is burned.   Line pack moves around based on a lot of 
reasons, including shipper imbalances, etc.  It also, obviously, has to move 
to the compressors where it is burned as fuel.   It is our job to  manage 
line pack, and that means we buy line pack at locations where we are short, 
and sell it at locations where we are long.  If we end up long at the Cal. 
border from time to time, we should sell excess line pack to get line pack 
back to optimal levels.  I wouldn't want to get into a pattern where we are 
consistently buying line pack in the San Juan and Permian and selling line 
pack at the Cal. border, but  thats not what we are talking about here.  I 
can't think of anything in the tariff or otherwise that is inconsistent with 
this interpretation of our authority as operator of the pipeline.  MKM--OK 
with you?  DF  
I'm not aware of any legal or regulatory prohibition on our performing such a 
service for Citizens.  We can't actually buy the assets without a FERC 
certificate, but that's not what you are suggesting.   I can think of one 
example on NN in which Northwestern Pub. Service owns a some branch lines and 
we operate them.  Whether we do it as a separate legal entity or as TW is a 
strategy call that will depend on whether we want to keep the revenue stream 
out of the regulated pipeline entity.  Since TW doesn't have a rate case 
until 2006, there is probably no reason to put the contract in a separate 
entitiy until we get down the road a ways 
Jeffery Fawcett
11/27/2000 04:00 PM
Citizens Utilities is in the process of selling off all of its 
non-telecommunications businesses throughout North America.  One of their 
principal assets, Louisiana Gas Service (LGS) is one of those companies 
recently sold by Citizens.  LGS provided gas control and operations services 
to other non-LGS companies, including the Citizens Utilities LDC assets in 
Arizona.  With the consummation of the sale of LGS, Citizens has told me 
confidentially that they have no reasonable way of operating the 
interconnect, metering and 1.5 mile lateral pipeline facilities that 
interconnects TW and EPNG to the recently constructed Griffith Energy Power 
Plant.   Therefore, Citizens is looking to possibly have a 3rd party provide 
contract operations services under an operating agreement.  TW has been asked 
in writing by Citizens to consider making a proposal to operate these 
facilities. 
Does TW have an interest in providing contract operations services for 
Citizens?  In a related legal/regulatory question, does TW have the authority 
to conduct contract services on behalf of others, or would we have to perform 
these services as a separate legal entity?  If we do, does this present an 
affiliate problem for us if we "share" operating employees?  If these 
threshold questions can be accommodated, and TW is not only able to provide 
contract operations services for Citizens, but has a commercial desire to do 
so, what would we charge Citizens for this service?  Although it would appear 
at first blush to be a relatively simple matter to operate these facilities, 
remember that Citizens will be receiving gas (potentially) from both TW and 
EPNG simultaneously, presenting not only a challenge to balance pressure 
between the pipes, but to account for and reconcile deliveries and receipts 
from both pipes as well as the plant site. 
Although I'm the principal commercial representative for Citizens as transportation matters, I'm certainly willing to step out of the middle of 
this negotiation if Operations desires to handle it themselves.  I will be 
happy to provide you a copy of the brief 1/2 page letter Citizens sent to me 
on the 17th soliciting TW's interest.   Given the relatively short lead time 
until LGS operations is sold, Citizens has requested expedited 
consideration.  Please let me know how you want to proceed.  Call if you have 
any questions.
Tino called this morning with a quick report.  They are still negotiating 
with DOE on a power plant deal, but it looks pretty shaky.  The size of the 
plant has grown to 380 MW, for reasons that are unclear to me.  Tino has been 
ordered to develop an exit strategy in case the power plant deal falls 
apart.  He says Dennis has about $3 mm in the project so far, most of it 
related to the pipeline right of way.  The have a binding 20 year agreement 
with the tribes for the ROW that calls for a $100,000 minimum monthly 
payment.  I'm not sure the entire route is perfected or not or whether the 
ROW agreement includes fiber optic rights etc.  The question is whether we 
are even interested enough to justify a closer look, since the rights Dennis 
has pulled together will probably be available for cents on the dollar.  I 
told Tino I'd give him a call next week to let him know.  At minimum, I'd 
suggest we have one of our ROW guys take a look at whatever they've got and 
advise us on what its worth.  Your thoughts?  DF 
Tino implied that it was transferrable, but we'd need to look at the 
documents to be surre.  DF
Kevin Hyatt
11/28/2000 09:44 AM
A perfected (or nearly perfected) ROW may have some merit, especially as ENA 
continues their negotiations to further develop that power plant in 
Albuquerque.  I'll have Jeff call ENA, and without giving anything away, find 
out how their negotiations are progressing.  I wonder to what extent Dennis' 
agreement with the tribe is transferable? 
Enron Energy Services
Tino called this morning with a quick report.  They are still negotiating 
with DOE on a power plant deal, but it looks pretty shaky.  The size of the 
plant has grown to 380 MW, for reasons that are unclear to me.  Tino has been 
ordered to develop an exit strategy in case the power plant deal falls 
apart.  He says Dennis has about $3 mm in the project so far, most of it 
related to the pipeline right of way.  The have a binding 20 year agreement 
with the tribes for the ROW that calls for a $100,000 minimum monthly 
payment.  I'm not sure the entire route is perfected or not or whether the 
ROW agreement includes fiber optic rights etc.  The question is whether we 
are even interested enough to justify a closer look, since the rights Dennis 
has pulled together will probably be available for cents on the dollar.  I 
told Tino I'd give him a call next week to let him know.  At minimum, I'd 
suggest we have one of our ROW guys take a look at whatever they've got and 
advise us on what its worth.  Your thoughts?  DF 
Approved on behalf of Dari.  The attached document has the dates right--its 
Nov. 29, 2000 through Dec. 31, 2000.  DF
Rather than stating that capacity may be available from November 29, 2000 
through March 31, 2001, the posting will now state that capacity may be 
available from November 29, 2000 through March 31, 2001.
For those of you have already sent your approval, please notice this change For those of you who have not, please forward your approval to me immediately 
to insure an immediate posting.
As discussed, the posting will remain up today until 6:00 p.m.  Please let me 
know if there are any further questions.
Thanks
Mike
I'll look at it on the plane and talk to you tomorrow.  DF
Michael Moran
11/28/2000 04:51 PM
FYI. After you review we can discuss.
Julia White
11/28/2000 04:44 PM
This is the latest draft from Julie for your review. I realize we will 
discuss at the staff meeting on Monday.
Thanks. Julia
Dear Julia-
Here is the cleaned up version of what I sent you the other day.
Please let me know your comments ASAP.
Thanks,
Julie 
This morning I raised a concern regarding TW's sale of excess fuel at 
downstream points.  Here's the problem:  the tariff requires shippers to 
tender fuel to us at their receipt points.  With rare exceptions, those 
receipt points are not at the Cal. border.  Order 636 mandates that pipelines 
unbundle transportation from storage.  It also requires that pipelines that 
make gas sales do so at the furthest upstream point on their pipeline.  That 
latter requirement means that if a pipe buys gas at point "x", it should 
resell the gas at point "x" and not haul the gas to point "y" and then sell 
it there as a delivered (i.e., bundled) product.  My concern this morning was 
that our receipt of fuel gas in the San Juan or Permian and shipment of that 
gas to the Cal. border for sale arguably violates the unbundling requirement 
(because the Cal. border sale is a bundled combination of the sale and the 
transportation of the gas to the downstream location) or the "furthest 
upstream point" requirement or both.  Susan and my recollection was that when 
ECS wanted to receive the Gallup fuel deliveries at  a point other than 
Permian pool, we made them sign a transport contract to move the gas to where 
they wanted it.  I haven't confirmed that recollection but I am recalling 
that we told Courtney that we couldn't just move our fuel gas around 
whereever we wanted it--we needed someone to pay us to transport it.
Irrespective of what we did with ECS, I think the following is the correct 
way to look at this situation:  We receive fuel at the shippers' receipt 
points.  Once we receive it, however, it is no longer "fuel."  It becomes 
line pack until it is burned.   Line pack moves around based on a lot of 
reasons, including shipper imbalances, etc.  It also, obviously, has to move 
to the compressors where it is burned as fuel.   It is our job to  manage 
line pack, and that means we buy line pack at locations where we are short, 
and sell it at locations where we are long.  If we end up long at the Cal. 
border from time to time, we should sell excess line pack to get line pack 
back to optimal levels.  I wouldn't want to get into a pattern where we are 
consistently buying line pack in the San Juan and Permian and selling line 
pack at the Cal. border, but  thats not what we are talking about here.  I 
can't think of anything in the tariff or otherwise that is inconsistent with 
this interpretation of our authority as operator of the pipeline.  MKM--OK 
with you?  DF  
Do I need to do anything re: this?  Thanks. DF
Please see attached 
- First E-Mail to Event Registration Team Members.doc
First, congratulations to all five of you and the others on your staffs who 
were involved for working together to get the excess line pack deal done 
today.  As I understand it, TK was able to sell 10,000 MMBtu at the Cal 
Border for something like $15 thanks to your efforts.  This thing went from 
Dave and Kent's idea to you guys' execution in about two days, even with a 
(slight) delay due to my panic attack on whether we can make downstream 
sales.   Great job!   Second, I think TK, Kevin, Maria and Glen and I have 
come up with a workable set of guidelines on when similar deals can be done 
in the future.  The key, as I expressed in the attached email, is that the 
sales be driven by a legitimate operational basis.  If Gas Control verifies 
that we have excess line pack at a location and that making the sale helps 
get line pack to optimal levels, such sales are appropriate.  Gas Control 
should also verify that the operational basis for the sale can be documented 
if the need ever arises.  Today's deal is a great example of that as we 
actually communicated to outside parties that we anticipated some pressure 
management issues.  If there are ever any questions about when such deals are 
appropriate, or about how to document the operational basis, please give me, 
Susan, or Maria a call.  Again, great job!  DF 
This morning I raised a concern regarding TW's sale of excess fuel at 
downstream points.  Here's the problem:  the tariff requires shippers to 
tender fuel to us at their receipt points.  With rare exceptions, those 
receipt points are not at the Cal. border.  Order 636 mandates that pipelines 
unbundle transportation from storage.  It also requires that pipelines that 
make gas sales do so at the furthest upstream point on their pipeline.  That 
latter requirement means that if a pipe buys gas at point "x", it should 
resell the gas at point "x" and not haul the gas to point "y" and then sell 
it there as a delivered (i.e., bundled) product.  My concern this morning was 
that our receipt of fuel gas in the San Juan or Permian and shipment of that 
gas to the Cal. border for sale arguably violates the unbundling requirement 
(because the Cal. border sale is a bundled combination of the sale and the 
transportation of the gas to the downstream location) or the "furthest 
upstream point" requirement or both.  Susan and my recollection was that when 
ECS wanted to receive the Gallup fuel deliveries at  a point other than 
Permian pool, we made them sign a transport contract to move the gas to where 
they wanted it.  I haven't confirmed that recollection but I am recalling 
that we told Courtney that we couldn't just move our fuel gas around 
whereever we wanted it--we needed someone to pay us to transport it.
Irrespective of what we did with ECS, I think the following is the correct 
way to look at this situation:  We receive fuel at the shippers' receipt 
points.  Once we receive it, however, it is no longer "fuel."  It becomes 
line pack until it is burned.   Line pack moves around based on a lot of 
reasons, including shipper imbalances, etc.  It also, obviously, has to move 
to the compressors where it is burned as fuel.   It is our job to  manage 
line pack, and that means we buy line pack at locations where we are short, 
and sell it at locations where we are long.  If we end up long at the Cal. 
border from time to time, we should sell excess line pack to get line pack 
back to optimal levels.  I wouldn't want to get into a pattern where we are 
consistently buying line pack in the San Juan and Permian and selling line 
pack at the Cal. border, but  thats not what we are talking about here.  I 
can't think of anything in the tariff or otherwise that is inconsistent with 
this interpretation of our authority as operator of the pipeline.  MKM--OK 
with you?  DF  
I'm expecting a nastygram from Harris ragging on me for dishing out credit 
for his idea, but haven't seen anything yet!  DF
Kent Miller
11/29/2000 04:58 PM
Drew, you're so sly!  Thanks for including us in your memo.
Good job in working through this issue to come up with a solution!
Kent
Lets talk today, susan.  I need to satisfy myself that this is really one of 
those "shit happens" situations like everyone seems to believe, rather than a 
situation where we may have a cause of action and some $$$ owed to us by 
someone.  DF 
Keith Petersen
12/01/2000 08:08 AM
The note below was a portion of Terry Galassini's Weekly Report.  I wasn't 
sure if either of you have been a part of the test information.
**Gallup Compressor Station & Mainline Expansion
A field test was completed and initial results indicate a compressor 
efficiency around 80 - 82% which is within Cooper's guarantee.  A not to 
exceed cost of $3 Million was provided to Marketing for station modifications 
to facilitate an incremental mainline (West of Thoreau) firm capacity of 10 
MMcf/d.    Additional work by E&C to fine tune the not to exceed estimate is 
targeted for completion by December 8th.  The mainline expansion potential is 
directly related to Gallup since the discharge pressure must be increased to 
970 psig to achieve an additional 10 MMcf/d on the mainline.  The San Juan 
Lateral firm capacity would remain at 850 MMcf/d.
I had a problem approving one from home a couple weeks ago, but I think it 
works OK now.  May have been a bad phone line.  Thanks.  DF 
Drew -- are you having problems approving contracts?    Thanks.  Jean
Great--we ought to be able to about close this effort out at this next 
meeting I hope.  DF
I have included Drew's recommendations and have amended the 11/6/2000 drafts 
of the ETS Risk Policy and Risk Procedure.  The significant change made was 
to take out references to Hedging and Non-Hedging Transactions (II A. & B. 
have been taken out).  We will just call them all Derivative Transactions.  I 
would like Tony Pryor to arrange a meeting with all parties to move these 
documents forward, an alternative is to continue to use the Corporate Risk 
Management Policy and just set the trading limits as part of the Corporate 
Policy. 
Cassandra Schultz in RAC has not responded to the policy and I plan to 
follow-up with her after we meet to discuss.
Dan
pls print.  df
I have included Drew's recommendations and have amended the 11/6/2000 drafts 
of the ETS Risk Policy and Risk Procedure.  The significant change made was 
to take out references to Hedging and Non-Hedging Transactions (II A. & B. 
have been taken out).  We will just call them all Derivative Transactions.  I 
would like Tony Pryor to arrange a meeting with all parties to move these 
documents forward, an alternative is to continue to use the Corporate Risk 
Management Policy and just set the trading limits as part of the Corporate 
Policy. 
Cassandra Schultz in RAC has not responded to the policy and I plan to 
follow-up with her after we meet to discuss.
Dan
Looks OK to me, subject to approval from MKM's group.  Should we also solicit 
turnback in the East of Thoreau area in addition to soliciting it from Cal. 
border to Thoreau?  Is it our theory that since Thor.-Cal is the constrained 
segment, thats the only area we need to solicit turnback on?  DF
Lindy Donoho
12/01/2000 02:22 PM
Attached is a draft posting for the 10,000/d mainline expansion.  Please let 
me know your comments by the end of the day Monday, December 4th.
Thanks!
A $14 IT deal?  The $14 deal was a sale of operational gas, right?  DF 
Jan Moore
12/01/2000 02:43 PM
We are up this week due to a couple of reasons.  The Index Price increased to 
$5.37 and T.K. negotiated an IT deal for 11/30 for 10,000 @ $14.00. 
Please call if you have any questions (53858).
I'll be in South Dakota from the 28th of December through the 3d of January While there, I can be reached via my voice mail, which I will check daily, or 
through my cell phone at 402-630-8461.  At all other times, I will be Omaha 
and reachable at my office number, cell phone or home number of 
402-572-8595.  Thanks.  DF 
Yes.  Sorry I forgot to cc you.  If it got lost in the process, have them 
send it again, or forward this email to payables as my approval.  thanks df
DENISE LAGESSE
12/05/2000 10:51 AM
Drew,
Did you already approve this expense report and send it to accounting?
Denise
DENISE LAGESSE
11/16/2000 04:04 PM
Please approve the attached expense report and cc: me on your approval Thanks!
Check out ENE over the last 30 days.  I'm a few more weeks away from 
retirement.  Do you own any?  DF
I'm booked from 10-11, 11:45-1:30 and 2-3.  I can stay after school if 
necessary.  DF
Susan Scott
12/05/2000 04:08 PM
Can we get together tomorrow to discuss the market based rates issues I 
raised last week?
If you can do it tomorrow, let me know what times you are not available and 
I'll schedule something around them.  Thanks.
pls print for my mtg tomorrow.  thanks df
Tony Pryor recommended that I put back into the policy section II A &B so 
that at our meeting tomorrow at 10:00 A.M. we can discuss them.  Please use 
this copy of the draft dated 12/5/00 to discuss from tomorrow.
I have included Drew's recommendations and have amended the 11/6/2000 drafts 
of the ETS Risk Policy and Risk Procedure.  The significant change made was 
to take out references to Hedging and Non-Hedging Transactions (II A. & B. 
have been taken out).  We will just call them all Derivative Transactions.  I 
would like Tony Pryor to arrange a meeting with all parties to move these 
documents forward, an alternative is to continue to use the Corporate Risk 
Management Policy and just set the trading limits as part of the Corporate 
Policy. 
Cassandra Schultz in RAC has not responded to the policy and I plan to 
follow-up with her after we meet to discuss.
Dan
Should we respond to PNM's protest of the dollar valuation of imbalances 
prior to netting and trading?  Did we already respond to this issue when they 
filed their protest of the 637 filing?  DF 
Congratulations on the move!  Its great to see a reorg that actually seems to 
make so much sense!  Thanks again to you and Terry for watching the three 
stooges on Saturday night.  It was great seeing you guys again and getting 
the kids a chance to play for a while.  We'd love to return the favor next 
time you come up to Omaha--the weather is getting real nice right about 
now!!  DF  
Sent by: ETS General Announcement
Effective immediately, Joe Jeffers, Manager of Technical Training and Skill 
Based Pay Administration, and his team of Dick Heitman, Cliff McPherson, 
Andrea Woody and Lupi Trevino will move from ETS Human Resources to ETS 
Operations Technical Services.  Joe will report to Steve Klimesh 
This move will better align Technical Training and SBP Administration with 
Operations and enhance the interfaces that take place between this group and 
ETS Operations management and the field teams. 
Joe and his team have provided outstanding support to Operations in the past, 
and it is expected that this high standard of customer service will 
continue.  We will be sending more information in the very near future with 
regard to the individual support accountabilities of the team members 
Please join me in welcoming this team and helping to make their transition a 
smooth one 
A team of folks including Dari, Glen Hass, Don Vignaroli, etc have beaten 
these issues to death--we have a very detailed set of materials summarizing 
the findings of the group.  Bob Burleson should know that, as I think he was 
at the meeting when we went over this stuff.  Viggy, did we get the info from 
our briefing on the matrix to the no-shows like Steve Harris and John 
Dushinske (and Bob if he was a no show?)  If not, we ought to send it to them 
and ask them to call for follow up.  DF 
Lee Huber
12/05/2000 05:21 PM
Who in certificates has looked at the issues of using our compreesor turbines 
to generate electricity??
Also has anyone in Legal done any research on PUHCA issues.
I was just speaking with Bob Burleson and Rod Hayslett about these issues Rod said that Danny is very interested and is considering power generation on 
the Florida system.  Do you know who from legal is on that team?
i assume there may be marketing affiliate isues also 
I'm inclined to agree that its not worth responding to.  They also argued 
that imbalances should not be dollar valued before netting and trading are 
available, but that strikes me as an industry wid e policy issue and not a TW 
specific issue.  Any other thoughts?  DF 
Susan Scott
12/06/2000 09:20 AM
We did not answer protests to our Order 637 filing.
The gist of PNM's protest in RP00-626 is that we shouldn't be able to charge 
a transport or fuel fee for our imbalance netting and trading service.  I 
agree with PNM that our tariff language is vague in this regard.  What 
exactly do we mean by "no additional cost...unless through the allocation 
process, quantities may be subject to transportation and fuel"??   Can 
someone help me with this?
Since we really did not want to make this compliance filing anyway, I would 
say we probably wouldn't mind if FERC rejected our tariff sheet outright However, it's more likely that they will just instruct us to clarify our 
language.  Or they could tell us to remove the "subject to transportation and 
fuel" provision.  If we want to preserve our right to charge transport and 
fuel, it might be worthwhile filing something in the way of an answer However, I am going to need some assistance in understanding what the 
language means and why we think we can do it, so I can justify it to FERC Any comments you have in this regard would be appreicated.
Should we respond to PNM's protest of the dollar valuation of imbalances 
prior to netting and trading?  Did we already respond to this issue when they 
filed their protest of the 637 filing?  DF 
Give me a call at your convenience and I'll give you a data dump.  DF
12/06/2000 07:32 PM
Louis Soldano
Louis Soldano
Louis Soldano
12/06/2000 07:32 PM
12/06/2000 07:32 PM
my no. 1 choice does not want to work for me.  i've got to stop wearing that 
belt of skulls around the office 
any comments on colleen Colleen Metz
12/06/2000 02:07 PM
Sent by: Colleen Metz
Good afternoon, Mr. Soldano! I was just wondering if you've made any 
decisions regarding this position yet?  It's getting cold up here in Omaha Looking forward to hearing from you. CM
pls put on my calendar.  df
Susan Scott
12/07/2000 03:43 PM
Steve Stojic called to let me know that the technical conference in RP01-56 
will be held on Jan. 9 at 10:00.  A notice will be issued shortly 
OK.  DF
DENISE LAGESSE
12/08/2000 12:20 PM
Please approve the attached expense report and forward it to accounting with 
a cc: to me.  Sorry for the low amount ($37.83), but all expense reports need 
to be in by the 13th of this month and this is all she has right now.  Thanks!
pls print.  thanks df
Sorry, the attachment was left off the first  e-mail.
- RP96-347 Req or Rehg.doc
I had assumed that the cost of service underlying the 11-1-99 rates was the 
most recent data we have handy, but I guess
clarification--  do we want the latest cost of service or based on the 
settlement?? MK
Martha Benner
01/19/2000 12:34 PM
Please see attached.
Thank you.
pls print.  thanks df
Debbie Moseley
12/08/2000 04:16 PM
Please Note:
We have changed the correlation of the Transwestern's hedges to the same 
index(El Paso Permian) that the derivatives were transacted.  We feel it is 
appropriate to make this correlation change due to management's anticipation 
to make the 2001 sales at an El Paso Permian index.  Due to this change TW 
has a perfect correlation, therefore the associated Value at Risk  will be 
zero.
What a mess.  Keeping discovery at bay should, obviously, continue to be a 
very high priority for us.  Let me know if these strange events signal an 
increased likelihood that Gynberg will be able to pursue discovery.  Thanks. 
df  
STACI 
HOLTZMAN 12/11/2000 09:06 AM
FYI.  (I have not yet had an opportunity to talk to Charlie about any of 
this.)
There was a lengthy status conference this afternoon, lasting about an hour
and a quarter.  It was marred by extremely poor telephone connections.  The
technical difficulties frustrated the parties and the judge and made the
conference a mess.
Without trying to summarize the conference, I note a few things that the
Court decided to do based on the discussions.
1.   Quinque.  Judge Downes agreed to have oral argument on the motion to
remand in Quinque on January 3, 2001 at 1:15 p.m. in Casper.  One hour was
set aside for argument.  He declined Mike Beatty's suggestion of an
additional executive summary of the briefing.  The judge was the first one
to suggest the oral argument.  The plaintiffs suggested that the Court rule
on the papers, but quickly acquiesced to the Court's suggestion when the
defendants said that they wanted argument.
2.    Osterhoudt.   Osterhoudt appeared pro se.  Motion to disqualify
Wright's counsel (Phillips & Cohen) and estopping Mr. Wright on some claims.
Both Osterhoudt and Wright want oral argument.  Wright defendants and DOJ
didn't object.  Osterhoudt was appearing pro se, and so there was a long
rambling discussion of the matter.  The judge was reluctant to cut off a pro
se party, but ultimately did.  Regrettably, the rambling discussion set the
tone for the rest of the call.
3.   Osterhoudt.   Government's motion to dismiss Ousterhoudt's case.
Government wants its motion to dismiss Grynberg's valuation claims to be
heard at the same time.  The government claims these relator status issues
are holding up the Shell $56 million settlement and any future settlements.
Grynberg objected to having the motion in Grynberg heard at the same time.
Grynberg wants discovery from Wright and the government.
4.    Pending Motions.  The Court, of out frustration at the inability to
hear the parties and at the attempts by some to argue the merits of things
that the Court was not prepared to address, set down two hours for oral
argument on February 22, 2001, at 10:00 a.m. on all pending  motions in
Wright and Grynberg that address the jurisdictional issues discussed on the
call and the motions to dismiss.  This obviously will create some problems.
It was far from clear precisely which motions that the Court had in mind.
While there are not that many motions pending, some of the pending
government motions likely could affect public disclosure / original source
motions that the defendants could, but have not yet, filed.  The defendants
have not filed those motions yet because of a desire to first test the
complaints on Rule 9(b) grounds.
5.   Discovery.   Parties who want discovery on those issues (Grynberg and
probably the Wright defendants) were given one day to present their position
by letter to the Court.  Other parties then will have two days to respond.
6.    Liaison Counsel.   The Court designated Tom Nicholas as Liaison
Counsel for the defendants in the Wright case and Don Schultz as Liaison
Counsel for the defendants in the Quinque case.
7.    February 22 hearing.  Phil Figa, one of Grynberg's lawyers, was given
the task of leading the consultation among counsel concerning how the
pending motions should be addressed at the hearing and how the time should
be divided.
Charles D. Tetrault
Vinson & Elkins L.L.P.
1455 Pennsylvania Ave., N.W.
Washington, D.C. 20004-1008
ctetrault@velaw.com
202.639.6551 [voice]
202.639.6604 [fax]
++++++ Thanks Bob.  I feel a lot better, particulary since the year end documents 
won't have to have all the detail.  DF
Thanks for your comments below. 
We consulted our AA folks in drafting the disclosures.  It wasn't a big deal 
for Enron's 10Q because the positions between NNG and TW are eliminated in 
the consolidated statements.  As for the Form 2 and the Brown Covers, there 
are specific GAAP disclosure requirements that we have to include on a 
stand-alone basis.  Since most of these positions will be gone by year end, 
it won't look nearly as massive as it was at the end of the third quarter In fact, if Roger Willard had given us his final word about the transactions 
in time, we would have booked the ultimate net transactions in September and 
we wouldn't have had all these gross positions.  I don't feel quite as bad 
about not getting it right in the unaudited third quarter financials as I 
otherwise would, since we did review the transactions and the noteholders 
disclosures with AA before the 3rd quarter was released and before the 
noteholders reports were distributed 
As always, Legal and Regulatory will have ample opportunity to comment on 
Brown Cover and Form 2 disclosures before they are finalized. 
I've reviewed the draft NN and TW quarterly reports to noteholders.  I 
haven't had a chance to compare these to prior quarterly filings, but I have 
three questions/concerns.  First, the discussions of "Price Risk Management 
Activities" seem overly detailed and cumbersome given the true commercial 
impact of the deals involved.  For example, we disclose the total notional 
amount of gas involved in the Transcanada deal, the "fair value" of the 
trades, and a variety of  other details, even the total economic impact of 
the deal to us is pretty small (about a million dollars if I remember 
right).  The base gas deal, by comparison, was discussed in one sentence Can we avoid making the thing look bigger than it really is by disclosing 
something more meaningful like VAR (which I assume would be a much smaller 
number)?  Second, disclosing TW and NN trading activity separately makes the 
Transcanada deal look like a bigger thing than it really was, since the TW 
and NN portions offset one another.  I know we need to disclose deals 
separately for each operating company, but is there a way things like 
notional value and "fair value" (or VAR) can be aggregated to more accurately 
reflect the total impact of the deal--currently it looks like both TW and NN 
were out doing huge commodity deals.  Third, I have never been that concerned 
about overly broad disclosures in the noteholder reports because of the 
limited distribution.   However, if these disclosures will be Arthur 
Anderson's template for the Enron Corp. 10Q or the FERC Form 2s, I have a 
real problem 
Please let me know if I can be of help in talking through these issues.  DF
pls print.  thanks df
Steven Harris
12/11/2000 04:42 PM
FYI
Steve/Lorraine:
As promised, attached below is the "Level B" estimate for expanding Gallup 
10mmcf/d.  Please let me know if you have any questions.
John
John,
I am forwarding the Level B estimate for the Gallup modification. This 
involves increasing the horsepower output (from 12,000  to 15,000 HP drive)at 
the station
with a consequent flow increase of 10mmcfd.
Please let me know if you have any questions.
thanks
ben
THERE WERE CHANGES IN DOLLARS DUE TO THE TESTING COMPLETED LAST WEEK. THE 
COMPRESSOR WHEEL 
IS ADEQUATE FOR CONDITIONS BUT IF PRESSURE CHANGES   WHEEL OR CASE MAY 
REQUIRE ATTENTION AT THAT TIME. 
THE DRIVE NEEDS TO DEVELOP 13,000 H.P.  AND WITH A SERVICE FACTOR OF 1.2, A 
15,OOO H.P. DRIVE IS RECOMMENDED. 
I'll be out on the 2d.  I'll have Maria participate and pass anything on that 
is of particular concern.  Thanks df
Dorothy McCoppin
12/11/2000 03:49 PM
Will we have a meeting on Jan. 2 in your office (pre-ETS staff meeting If so, will it be at 8:30 or can it be 9:00 am?
--Dot
Stanley Horton
12/11/2000 01:03 PM
Sent by: Cindy Stark
This is to advise you that we will NOT have ETS Monday morning staff meetings 
on December 18 or December 25 
Please make note that the next ETS Staff Meeting will be held on Tuesday, 
January 2, 2001 at 9:30AM in 49C2.   And then on January 8, we'll resume our 
regular schedule of having our staff meetings on Monday mornings at 9:15AM.
and Happy Holidays,
Cindy
X36197
Lindy, if all FERC wanted is  a list and contacts, this looks fine.  If they 
wanted exact MDQ and usage numbers for each customer, let me know.  DF  
Not having received the request,  it seems like the quantity related to the 
contract would provide them better info than a contact name and phone 
number-  did they specifically ask for that inf0??  upon answer, work 
directly with Drew as I'll be out.   MK
Lindy Donoho
12/11/2000 04:22 PM
Please see my original message below.  Are you okay with TW forwarding this 
info to FERC?
Steven Harris
12/11/2000 04:19 PM
Maybe you should ask Drew or Mary K.
Lindy Donoho
12/11/2000 03:01 PM
In response to a request of Steve January from FERC, I've put together a list 
of Transwestern's "major" shippers to California with contact names and phone 
numbers.  I've defined "major" as anyone with total firm contracts of 
25,000/d or more.  Please see the attached list.  Is everyone okay with me 
passing this along to Ray Montini at FERC?
Let me know if it's okay to go or if I need to run this by anyone else before 
sending it out.
Thanks,
Lindy
When you guys settle on a name for NewCo, please let me know and also call 
Lillian Bailey at Corp.  Her # is 33577.  Thanks. df 
any word on the supreme court ruling?  I figure that ought to add $5 to the 
stock price instantly, if it comes out right.  df
pls get on my sch.  thanks df
Another conference call is scheduled for tomorrow, Thursday, December 14th at 
10:00 a.m. CST, to again discuss Gallup Expansion.  Omaha participants, 
please meet in Rm 723.  Omaha participants, please meet in Ron Matthews's 
office EB4086.   Following are the dial-in numbers:
Dial-in number:  1-877-795-3687
Passcode:  297066
If you cannot participate in the call, please let Donna Martens know with via 
phone x-7138 or via e-mail.  Thanks.
Lou Harrison (insurance guy) will call tomorrow--please schedule an appt. at 
his joint next wk--Wed Thur or Fri.  Preferably 4:00 or later so I can hit 
him on the way home.  thanks df 
I wish.  As to your complaint about my failure to tip you off, there were two 
primary reasons:  (1) if I told you and got caught I'd go to prison, and, 
more importantly, (2) I had no clue. DF  (its better to be lucky than good 
dhill@wrf.com on 01/21/2000 02:58:19 PM
Yeah, I've noticed it.  Particularly the run-up yesterday.  Hell no, I
don't own any ENE.  Why didn't you tell me this was going to happen?
Between ENE and our good old EMC, you really are closing in on
retirement 
Drew_Fossum@e
Check out ENE over the last 30 days.  I'm a few more weeks away from
retirement.  Do you own any?  DF
Dammit Jenkins, don't even joke about stuff like that!  If the market ever 
realized that I worked here, the stock would go down $10!!!  You think Lay is 
taking the first step toward Sec. Treas. in the new Bush admin???  That's the 
rumor I heard a month ago.  Hope all goes well for you in sunny hotlanta Its 5 below zero here today so your whole Georgia good ole' boy lifestyle 
thing sounds pretty attractive.  AMF  DF
I trust you guys saw this on the wires today:
Enron's stock was off $3-3/16 or 4.1 percent in afternoon trading at $74, 
following an announcement that Jeff Skilling will become its new chief 
executive officer on Feb. 12. An analyst, who asked not to be named, said 
that it had been widely assumed that Drew Fossum would be named CEO; 
therefore, the company's stock traded lower on the news.
pls print with attachments.  thanks. df
Janet Butler
01/21/2000 04:13 PM
Attached is the Weekly Regulatory Report for week ending January 21, 2000. 
The Commission agenda and two orders are also attached that may be of 
interest to you.
Great--I'd be happy to testify if the consensus is that it would help.  Go 
ahead and draft something up and we can talk soon.  Thanks.  DF
Drew - I visited with the Senate sponsor (it is now officially SB159) in New 
Mexico and he would probably like to have some comments from Enron at the 
hearing, whenever that is (nothing set yet).  I think that you or Mary Kay 
(since Mike will likely be gone) would be the appropriate officer to 
testify.  I will try and draft some comments since there may be little notice 
for the hearing.  If you disagree, please let me know.
On another matter I asked Rob to find out who Tri-States Gov't Affairs person 
was and it turns out he is an old friend of mine (Dave Mazour) from my water 
resources days.  I spoke to him today and he was pleased to hear of our 
efforts to help.  He also reiterated that his Board is adament they will not 
be regulated by the PRC and will walk from the deal.  I'm sure I will have 
more conversations with him.
I appreciated your taking time to call Carpenter.  All of this helps our 
cause.
Yes as to the question, and good idea on the reh. req.   I'm circulating a 
draft of the contract required for the compliance filing on the ECS issue 
this PM.  Thanks. DF
Keith, I believe our strategy is that unless FERC acts negatively on our 
motion (i.e., orders us to comply), we are just not going to file anything MKM and DF, please let me know if I am out of line here 
I will work on our request for rehearing and try to get a draft to everyone 
by Thursday (want Fawcett's input on competitive harm and he will not be back 
in the office until Wed.).  It's not due until 30 days out, but why not get 
it ready to go early.
Keith Petersen
01/24/2000 09:28 AM
Susan, have we been granted the extension for filing the discounts?  I did 
not see anything on RIMS this morning.  If not, does Donna need to have 
something ready for Friday the 28th?  That would be our 15 days.  Please let 
me know.
Keith
You correctly predicted my reaction.  I think we should let sleeping dogs 
lie.  Also, was it just an oversight that the FERC ignored the unsold 
capacity that TW controls in evaluating how much of the available capacity 
that Enron controls?  That conclusion is good for us, if it was intentional DF  
Shelley Corman
01/24/2000 11:40 AM
I'm sure you've seen the order approving the El Paso/ENA transaction.  For 
the most part the order is a good one.  It observes that ENA holds little 
capacity on TW, and that PG&E and Socal control a larger portion of capacity 
on TW.   With respect to policy matters, the order is good in the sense that 
it reaffirms that a pipeline can withhold capacity to maximize the value of 
services if shippers are not willing to pay maximum rates.
My only concern with the order appears in the last paragraph before Section 
C.  Here the Commission cautions that its will address on an expedited basis 
future allegations that TW is not allocating capacity on a non-discriminatory 
basis.  Certainly the Commission has always had this authority anyway Nonetheless, I am a little bit troubled that the Commission is addressing 
Transwestern at all in an El Paso order.   TW shouldn't have to read the 
orders of other pipelines for any directives that apply to it.    My knee 
jerk reaction is that we would want clarification that the Commission is just 
reiterating its general willingness to take up any bona fide complaints and 
is not imposing any directive on TW.  But, I'm guessing you'll probably say 
we should just let that sentence pass in an otherwise good order that does 
not involve TW.
Please review this final draft at your earliest convenience and get back to 
Britt or me with your comments.  Thanks.  Martha, please print it out for 
me.  Thanks. DF 
- 1rcc01!.WPD
Pls review and give me your OK, then I'll respond to Christine.  Thanks. DF
Christine Stokes
01/24/2000 11:15 AM
TRANSWESTERN CONTRACT APPROVAL REQUEST
Please review the attached discount letter for New Mexico Natural Gas, Inc (NMNG).   The contract's five year term provides for EOT-EOT receipts and 
deliveries at a $.05/Dth/day transportation rate.  The contract's MAXDQ 
varies by month and is show on the  Appendix A of the discount letter.
Please indicate your approval via REPLY WITH HISTORY.
Officer approvals will be faxed to Bill Cordes for final Officer approval.
]
Ann would like to be rotated off.  Thanks.  DF
Julie McCoy
01/24/2000 11:46 AM
Message per Mike McGowan:
Good morning.
In early January, Mike McGowan requested you to review the current listing of 
ET&S Employee Activity Committee members and to determine if the member(s) of 
your staff would like to remain on the committee or be rotated off.  Please 
inform me at your earliest convenience regarding their status of membership 
on the committee.
ET&S Employee Activity Committee
Martha Benner - Drew
Marsha Dorris - Norma
Stephanie Korbelik
Laura Lantefield
Bruce Martin - Mike
Julie McCoy
Virginia O'Neill
Ann Smith - Drew
Rob Wilson
Michele Winckowski
Thank you.
Julie
See ENE today?  Glad I didn't quit my day job.  DF
I wish.  As to your complaint about my failure to tip you off, there were two 
primary reasons:  (1) if I told you and got caught I'd go to prison, and, 
more importantly, (2) I had no clue. DF  (its better to be lucky than good 
dhill@wrf.com on 01/21/2000 02:58:19 PM
Yeah, I've noticed it.  Particularly the run-up yesterday.  Hell no, I
don't own any ENE.  Why didn't you tell me this was going to happen?
Between ENE and our good old EMC, you really are closing in on
retirement 
Drew_Fossum@e
Check out ENE over the last 30 days.  I'm a few more weeks away from
retirement.  Do you own any?  DF
pls priint for my 2:00 mtg.  thanks . DF
Chris Gaskill
01/24/2000 02:10 PM
Melinda
Attached are the book structure diagrams that outline the proposed book 
structure for ET&S.  I have also attached the document that we reviewed with 
the storage team last week.  I will bring copies of the documents to the 2:00 
meeting tomorrow for review (Drew please print a copy).
Chris
I agree with you that par. 4 doesn't give NMNG anything beyond what the 
tariff and general contract law gave them.  The "subject to agreement by 
Transwestern" language is redundant since the previous clause says " by 
mutual written agreement."  Additionally, its confusing and innacurate 
because the "provided, however, that" clause isn't even binding if we 
mutually agree to eliminate it.   I therefore think we ought to take par. 4 
out, or at least remove the "provided however" clause.  I don't agree that we 
can only decrease their MDQ by using capacity release.  We can mutually agree 
to terminate their contract or reduce their MDQ without using cap. release I suppose we would need to use cap. release if the termination or reduction 
of their MDQ was a sham designed to get the capacity from NMNG to another 
shipper, however. 
I would propose one change to Par. 3 just to make the discount more clear The par. talks about primary delivery points but is silent on primary 
receipts.  I'd add this, after the words "Appendix A" at the end of the 
current first sentence:
"and receipts at the primary points of receipt set forth on Appendix A.  The 
discounted rate shall also apply to receipts at alternate receipt points in 
Transwestern's East of Thoreau (EOT) area."
I'm a fan of being extremely clear when we limit availability of discounts, 
and think we should always fully explain what the discount applies to at both 
the receipt and delivery end of the deal 
Susan, please work with Christine to get these changes made.  I'd like to 
eliminate par. 4 entirely, but I can live with it if the business people want 
to leave it in, as long as we eliminate the "provided however" clause.   With 
these changes, I'm OK with the contract.  Thanks 
The only problem I can see with this is that paragraph 4 could be construed 
to encourage NMNG to request amendment not only to increase the MAXDTQ but 
also to decrease it (if the MAXDTQ has been increased by a previous 
amendment).  I worry that this might mislead NMNG that the parties can 
decrease the MAXDTQ by agreement rather than NMNG using capacity release 
procedures.   However, the paragraph does not obligate TW to do anything doesn't give NMNG any rights, since any change in the MAXDTQ must be by 
mutual agreement (and it's subject to available capacity).  Since it does not 
seem to give either party anything they do not already get under the tariff, 
I think I would recommend we omit it.  However, NMNG might insist on this or 
similar language to reflect the "deal" --- or at least the conversations of 
the parties.  If that's the case, I suppose I would advise the marketing 
folks to limit the language of paragraph 4 to an increase in MAXDTQ and 
explain that any decrease would have to be thru capacity release.  Comments?
Christine Stokes
01/24/2000 11:15 AM
TRANSWESTERN CONTRACT APPROVAL REQUEST
Please review the attached discount letter for New Mexico Natural Gas, Inc (NMNG).   The contract's five year term provides for EOT-EOT receipts and 
deliveries at a $.05/Dth/day transportation rate.  The contract's MAXDQ 
varies by month and is show on the  Appendix A of the discount letter.
Please indicate your approval via REPLY WITH HISTORY.
Officer approvals will be faxed to Bill Cordes for final Officer approval.
]
pls print w/memo.  thanks. DF
Bill asked that I forward to you a copy of the handout given to Stan at the 
ET&S Marketing meeting held  on 1/19/00.  Feel free to call me with any 
questions or comments.
I'm heading to KC tomorrow for a meeting with Langley and Tino on some goofy 
project.  Funny thing is, now that he is sitting on $100 mm, I take 
everything he says pretty damn seriously!   If word gets out, expect another 
huge dive in ENE price.  DF
dhill@wrf.com on 01/24/2000 05:32:34 PM
Not a good day for the market in general.... Good thing I pay so little
attention to it (not).  By the way, I sent my application back to KU last
week.  I was going to send you a copy of what I mailed in, but who knows
whether I'll ever get that done.  Don't be surprised if they give you a
call....  drh
Drew_Fossum@e
See ENE today?  Glad I didn't quit my day job.  DF
(Embedded
image moved
I wish.  As to your complaint about my failure to tip you off, there were
two primary reasons:  (1) if I told you and got caught I'd go to prison,
and, more importantly, (2) I had no clue. DF  (its better to be lucky than
good!)
dhill@wrf.com on 01/21/2000 02:58:19 PM
Yeah, I've noticed it.  Particularly the run-up yesterday.  Hell no, I
don't own any ENE.  Why didn't you tell me this was going to happen?
Between ENE and our good old EMC, you really are closing in on
retirement 
Drew_Fossum@e
Check out ENE over the last 30 days.  I'm a few more weeks away from
retirement.  Do you own any?  DF
(See attached file: pic25955.pcx)
- pic25955.pcx
pls print asap.  thanks. dF
Colleen Raker
01/25/2000 12:04 PM
The below note outlines the changes I made to the Enron Machine and 
Mechanical Services, Inc. (Clifton machine shop) Subcontract Agreement with 
Instromet per Instromet's requested changes that Randy Rice and Rick Craig 
accepted.  In the course of editing this Agreement, I rearranged certain 
provisions to clarify the indemnity obligations of the parties, and the 
representations and warranties of the parties. The latter changes are 
described below 
Instromet has not yet seen this revised Agreement.   GPG Procurement and 
Supply will be meeting with Instromet this Thursday, January 27th, and would 
like to execute the agreement that day.  The plan is to send the attached 
agreement to Instromet no later than the close of GPG's business today Please review the below changes as well as  Exhibit A, Scope of Work, and 
Exhibit B, Unit Price List, and advise me as soon as possible today of any 
concerns you may have.  Thank you for your help in finalizing this agreement.
Colleen Raker
01/25/2000 11:45 AM
Part II, Section 1, Definitions.
Modified to replace the definition of "Test Period" with "Warranty Period and to define the latter as "the period of time up to 30 days from the date 
Instromet receives the shipment of Work at Instromet's first point of 
destination".  Instromet's right to reject the completed Work by notifying 
Enron Machine and Mechanical Services, Inc. (EM&MS) in writing of the alleged 
defect must be exercised by Instromet during the Warranty Period or this 
right is waived.   Instromet's sole remedy for defective goods is the repair 
or replacement by EM&MS.
Part II, Section 6.2, Instromet Furnished Information, Data, Material, 
Equipment Services.
Modified to limit Instromet's liability for consequences of defects in 
manufactured spools to defects in the data, material, equipment, supplies or 
services furnished by or through Instromet.  Original draft also made 
Instromet liable for defects in supplies or services furnished by Enron 
Machine and Mechanical Services, Inc.
Part II, Section 11, Title and Risk of Loss to Work.
Modified to transfer title and all risk of loss in the Work to Instromet as 
of the date of Enron Machine and Mechanical Services, Inc.'s invoice 
statement to Instromet (whether or not Instromet has arranged for the 
shipment of the completed spools).  Original draft placed risk of loss in the 
Work with Instromet at all times, and identified the Point of Delivery 
(Clifton machine shop) as the place of title-transfer 
Part II, Section 12, Changes.
Modified to provide for the completion of a Work Change Order form (attached 
to the Agreement as Exhibit C) to document changes in Work agreed to by the 
parties.
Part II, Section 13, Standards of Performance and Limited Warranty.
Modified to integrate the new Warranty Period definition discussed in the 
first bullet item above.  Also modified to treat as a separate numbered 
section (Section 9, Indemnification for Third Party Claims) the indemnity 
obligation (regardless of the presence or absence of insurance coverage) of 
Instromet to EM&MS  for third party claims for personal injury or property 
damage arising from EM&MS' Work .  Section 9 is further modified to expressly 
exclude from Instromet's indemnity obligation the percentage of any claim 
that results from the gross negligence, willful misconduct or bad faith of 
EM&MS. Section 9 is also modified to state the right of EM&MS to assume its 
defense of a third party claim if Instromet fails to assume the same per its 
indemnity obligation on being notified of the claim 
Please note that under Section 8, Liabilities and Indemnifications for Other 
Than Third Party Claims, Instromet and EM&MS have agreed to release and hold 
each other harmless for claims of injury or death of person or loss or damage 
to property in favor of each party or its employees or its agents arising 
from the Work of EM&MS at the Clifton machine shop.  Claims by Instromet's or 
EM&MS's independent contractors would be third party claims coverd by Section 
9.
Part II,  Hazardous Materials, Waste, Pollution Section.
This  section was deleted in its entirety.  Section 9, Indemnification for 
Third Party Claims, will cover the respective responsibilities of the parties 
for such claims.
Part II, Intellectual Property Rights Section.
Instromet was to provide EM&MS with its proposed alternate language for this 
section.  EM&MS has not received this.  Therefore, this separate Section was 
deleted by EM&MS and two of its provisions integrated elsewhere in the 
Agreement.  The first, the provision concerning Instromet's representations 
and warranties of ownership of the processes and methods that Instromet 
requires EM&MS to use in its manufacture of the spools has been set out in a 
separate section, Section 14, Instromet's Representations and Warranties Section 14 now stipulates that Instromet warrants that either Instromet, Inc. 
or its "Affiliate" own such processes or methods used in the Work and that 
all products provided by Instromet are free from third party claims of 
infringement of intellectual property rights.  The second, the provision in 
the original "Intellectual Propery Rights" section concerning Instromet's 
obligation to indemnify EM&MS from third party intellectual property 
infringement claims has been removed and integrated into Section 9, 
Indemnification for Third Party Claims.
Lastly, please note that Section 22.5, Confidential Information,  now states 
that the parties' obligations of confidentiality and non-disclosure shall 
continue for a period of 3 years after the termination of this Agreement The original draft had stipulated that the confidentiality obligations shall 
terminate ___ years after the date of the disclosure of such confidential 
information.  The change was made based on the difficulty of tracking 
different disclosure dates through the term of the Agreement.
You guys probably don't remember this (I didn't until I checked the file) but 
there were a couple of exhibits to the Transwestern Gallup contracts that we 
left to be attached to the final contracts after execution.  My recollection 
is that we were in such a hurry to get the Compression Service Agreement 
signed and sent to FERC that we left a couple of these things to do later Now that we have the FERC order, I want to get these contracts off my desk 
and off to Corporate Records or whereever original contracts go to die.   On 
my originals, I'm missing Exhibit B to the CSA (which is the CDEC Rate 
Schedule No. 21),  and Exhibits A and C to the O&M Agreement 
Susan, please coordinate with Gerald to get these exhibits in our respective 
files and we can send these contracts off to the central rathole and be done 
with it.  Thanks to you all.  DF 
Thats weird, my computer just deleted the recipients from the email below I'll try again--do you guys still work here?  DF 
You guys probably don't remember this (I didn't until I checked the file) but 
there were a couple of exhibits to the Transwestern Gallup contracts that we 
left to be attached to the final contracts after execution.  My recollection 
is that we were in such a hurry to get the Compression Service Agreement 
signed and sent to FERC that we left a couple of these things to do later Now that we have the FERC order, I want to get these contracts off my desk 
and off to Corporate Records or whereever original contracts go to die.   On 
my originals, I'm missing Exhibit B to the CSA (which is the CDEC Rate 
Schedule No. 21),  and Exhibits A and C to the O&M Agreement 
Susan, please coordinate with Gerald to get these exhibits in our respective 
files and we can send these contracts off to the central rathole and be done 
with it.  Thanks to you all.  DF 
I think we can tell Rich yes, but please confirm that for me.  thanks.  DF
Rich Jolly on 12/15/99 06:38:43 PM
Drew are we OK to go with this? We don't have any "confidential 
transportation-related information in our office. We do have some operating 
agreements and contracts but they aren't confidential that I know of Rich
Drew Fossum
12/08/99 05:18 PM
EES is a marketing affiliate, so we do need to be careful about shared 
computer systems, phone systems, staplers, paper clips, etc.  If Rich and his 
office have no "confidential transportation-related information"  we might be 
able to do it, otherwise, the hassles and expense of building marketing 
affiliate firewalls might make it counterproductive.   I'm forwarding this to 
the experts for a quick yup or nope on this.  Thanks. DF  
Michel Nelson
12/08/99 05:24 PM
Rich - Per your phone mail, I see no reason why an EES employee couldn't 
office in your Region Office, providing he/she pays rent and we not break any 
market affiliate rules (if they apply here).
Drew - Saving $ for Enron. Any issues I'm overlooking?
Mike
I'd love to see us keep the capacity release upside above the discounted rate 
on all these deals but if we can't get it, we can't get it.  Approved.  DF
Christine Stokes
01/26/2000 09:41 AM
TRANSWESTERN PIPELINE CONTRACT APPROVAL FORM
Various revisions have been requested for the five year New Mexico Natural 
Gas (NMNG) contract.  Please review the revised discount letter which 
includes the following revisions:
1) Clarification of Shipper's alternate rights at discount rate.
2) Deletion of paragraph granting NMNG the ability to change monthly MAXDTQ 
quantities subject to a floor level.  (Tariff already provides this ability 
subject to mutual agreement of Shipper and TW).
3) Addition of language which waives Shipper's ROFR rights 
4)  Addition of language which would allow TW to apply a possible additional 
future surcharge if TW were to file for authorization to recover Y2K costs 
through a new surcharge.
In this particular discount letter I did not include language which allows TW 
the ability to retain capacity release revenues above the discount rate as 
this issue was not a part of the original negotiations. However, this 
language as well as the language overviewed above in 1), 3) and 4) will most 
likely be adopted as "standard" discount letter language in the future.
Please indicate approval via REPLY WITH HISTORY.
All officer approval will be faxed to Bill Cordes for final Presidential 
Level Approval
Bummer.  Never hurts to ask.  I'll cycle on this and get back to you with=20
follow up if any.  Thanks for your help on this.  DF=20
=20
=09
=09
Per your request to ask AA where the chokepoint might be on renegotiating the=20
electricity contract at Cunningham to backload the payments and expense the=20
payments as made; the response is attached below.
First, it was difficult to point them in exactly the right direction without=20
tipping them off as to exactly what you had in mind.
However, they thought I might be talking about the TW compressor monetization=20
project...and even though I denied it...that is what they were thinking when=20
they did the research.   To make a long story short, they indicate that=20
straight line amortization of the total contract payments is the way it=20
should be booked unless there are circumstances to the contrary that would=20
indicate a different allocation over time. =20
I don't believe we'll be able to get any good feedback from them on the=20
chokepoint issue.  It boils down to how blatantly you want to skew the=20
payments and whether they or FERC compliance auditors ever stumble across it=20
in an audit.  If Accounting is not aware of such a contract with skewed=20
payments, then we would not be in a position to accrue expense on an=20
appropriate straight line basis over the life of the contract. =20
As to the issue of whether or not ENA should be a party to the transaction, I=20
did not seek AA advice on this issue, but I do believe that use of ENA as the=20
counterparty would double the chances for having the issue brought up in an=20
AA audit, since the issue could also surface in conjunction with AA's audit=20
of ENA.
Heather Mueck
01/25/2000 07:23 PM
Bob -
I left you a brief message on this, so I thought I'd send you a copy of the=20
guidance I was referring to.  In a nut shell, there is no pain threshold for=20
front end or back end loading the payments under a contract.  Generally, we=20
believe you would need to straight line the expense but I can't say for=20
certain without the details.
The below is from AA Interpretations and Examples "Accounting for Leases,=20
Interpretations of FASB Statements 13, 27, 28, and 98" - I've bolded the=20
applicable section.  Call me if you have any additional questions.=20
=20
AA Interpretations and Examples\05. Leases
Accounting for Leases, Interpretations of FASB Statements 13, 27, 28=20
and 98
1-12. Facility Management Arrangements
In a typical facilities management arrangement, the vendor purchases from a=20
company ("customer") its existing data processing equipment and hires all or=20
some of the customer's data processing personnel. The vendor is then engaged=20
to provide information technology services to the customer for an extended=20
period of time (typically 5 to 10 years).
Company's Obligation Under the Service Contract
Obligations under executory agreements that are contingent upon services to=20
be rendered in the future are not liabilities and should not be recorded=20
except to the extent losses are inherent in such commitments. No liability=20
should be recognized for a customer's future obligation under an information=20
technology services contract unless it becomes probable that the customer=20
will incur a penalty or loss from termination of the contract.
An issue arises as to whether the sale of existing data processing equipment=20
or facilities to a vendor that uses the purchased property to provide=20
information technology services to the seller is, in substance, a sale and=20
leaseback transaction that should be accounted for separately under SFAS Nos.=20
13, 28 and 98. An information technology services contract typically can be=20
distinguished from a lease for the following reasons:
The vendor is responsible for the financing and operation of the data=20
processing equipment and facilities.
Data processing personnel are employees of the vendor.
The vendor is not required to use the equipment purchased from the customer=20
to provide service to that customer and may use the equipment to serve other=20
customers.
The vendor provides guarantees regarding performance and retains risks=20
related to the operating costs.
The vendor is not entitled to payment unless the required services are=20
provided to the customer in accordance with specified standards.
As a result, generally we believe the sale of data processing equipment or=20
facilities pursuant to a facilities management arrangement should not be=20
unbundled and accounted for separately as a sale and leaseback transaction.=20
However, because of the customer's continuing involvement with the equipment=20
of facilities sold, we believe any gain or loss on the sale should be=20
recognized in a manner consistent with the guidance prescribed in paragraph=20
33  of SFAS No. 13 for sale-leaseback transactions.
Some outsourcing arrangements may involve dedicated equipment (so called,=20
"exclusive use equipment") that is physically located on the company's=20
premises and cannot be used by the vendor to service other customers. For=20
example, a significant amount of the equipment may consist of terminals or=20
work-stations operated by the company's personnel, such as point-of-sale=20
registers in a department store or design terminals in an architectural firm,=20
and the vendor may have only limited ability to replace or remove that=20
dedicated equipment because of contractual provisions or practical=20
considerations. In these situations, the customer effectively contracts to=20
use the terminals or workstations for a specified period =01* a lease. Such=20
dedicated equipment should be unbundled from the information technology=20
services contract and accounted for separately as a sale and leaseback=20
transaction. In unbundling the equipment from the information technology=20
services contract, the portion of the fee paid to the vendor applicable to=20
the equipment lease should be estimated using whatever means are appropriate=20
in the circumstances and the lease accounted for separately according to its=20
classification (capital or operating)
If significant, the customer should consider disclosing its commitment under=20
the outsourcing arrangement. The disclosures required for any portion of the=20
arrangement determined by the customer to be a lease are set forth in=20
paragraph 16  of SFAS No. 13.
Gain or Loss on Sale of Equipment or Facilities
Because of the interdependence of terms, there is no practicable and=20
objective way to separate the sale of data processing equipment, software,=20
facilities or "know how" from the service contract. For that reason, we=20
believe any gain or loss from the sale of data processing equipment,=20
software, facilities or "know how" pursuant to a facilities management=20
arrangement should be recognized similar to a sale and operating leaseback=20
transaction as prescribed in paragraph 33  of SFAS No. 13. That is, gain from=20
the sale should be recognized currently only to the extent such gain exceeds=20
the present value of the minimum payments due over the term of the service=20
contract, discounted using the seller's incremental borrowing rate. Any gain=20
not recognized at the inception of the contract should be deferred and=20
amortized ratably over the term of the service contract as an adjustment to=20
the minimum annual fees expensed in each period. Further, if the fair value=20
of the property at the time of the transaction is less than its undepreciated=20
cost, a loss should be recognized immediately for the difference between the=20
undepreciated cost and fair value, regardless of the amount actually received=20
from the vendor for the property transferred.
Expense Recognition
Payment terms may include fixed annual fees that increase or decrease over=20
the term of the service contract. These payment terms may be structured in a=20
high-to-low pattern (that is, to recognize the favorable price/performance=20
curve of data processing equipment/capabilities) or a low-to-high pattern=20
(that is, to recognize the estimated effects of inflation on future costs).=20
Further, there may be payment escalation provisions in the service contract=20
indexed to inflation and/or the volume of transactions processed by the=20
vendor. We believe total minimum fees to be paid pursuant to an information=20
technology services contract should be charged to expense on a straight-line=20
basis over the term of the contract unless the level of service performed by=20
the vendor is not uniform over the term of the contract. If the level of=20
service is not uniform over the term of the contract, the amount of fees=20
attributable to the additional services to be rendered by the vendor should=20
be expensed ratably over the time periods the additional services are=20
provided by the vendor. The amount of fees attributable to the additional=20
services should be based on their relative fair value, as determined at the=20
inception of the contract, to the fair value of all services to be provided=20
by the vendor over the term of the contract.
The "term" of the information technology services contract includes the fixed=20
non-cancelable term of the contract plus all periods, if any, for which=20
failure to renew the contract imposes a "penalty" on the customer in such an=20
amount that a renewal appears, at the inception of the contract, to be=20
reasonably assured. The expression "penalty" should be interpreted broadly to=20
include requirements that can be imposed on the customer (a) by the vendor=20
(for example, a monetary penalty for not renewing the contract) or (b) by=20
factors outside the contract to disburse cash, forego an economic benefit or=20
suffer an economic detriment. Factors to consider in determining if an=20
economic detriment may be incurred include the uniqueness of the equipment or=20
software, the "know how" of the vendor, the availability of comparable=20
replacement systems and data processing personnel or vendors, the disruption=20
to the company's business or service to its customers if the contract were=20
not renewed and the willingness of the customer to bear the cost associated=20
with replacing the vendor (either by bringing the functions in-house or by=20
engaging another vendor). The term of the contract should also include all=20
periods, if any, (a) covered by bargain renewal options, (b) preceding the=20
date at which the customer can exercise a bargain purchase option to=20
reacquire the equipment, software, facilities or data processing personnel=20
(see Interpretation 5(d)-3, "Bargain Purchase Option 'as Encumbered' by Fixed=20
Price Renewals "), and (c) during which a loan from the customer to the=20
vendor or a guarantee of the vendor's debt, directly or indirectly related to=20
the leased property, is expected to be outstanding or in effect.
Future fee increases that depend upon a factor that exists at the inception=20
of the agreement, such as the consumer price index or the volume of=20
transactions processed by the vendor, should be included in the computation=20
of fixed fees to be recognized on a straight-line basis over the term of the=20
contract based on the factor at the inception of the agreement. Increases or=20
decreases in fees that result from changes occurring subsequent to the=20
inception of the agreement should be included in the determination of income=20
as they accrue.
Incentives Offered by the Vendor
A facilities management arrangement may include incentives for the customer=20
to sign the service contract. For example, an incentive implicit in a=20
facility management arrangement may be the vendor's assumption of the=20
severance liability for existing data processing personnel not retained by=20
the vendor. Other types of incentives include up-front cash payments by the=20
vendor, below market financing, excessive rental paid to lease space from the=20
customer, equity transactions (purchase or sales/grants) with the customer at=20
off-market terms, and so forth.
The fact that the vendor "assumes" a loss or cost does not negate the=20
customer's need to immediately recognize the loss or expense. The amount of=20
the loss or cost assumed by the vendor should be estimated by the customer=20
using whatever means makes sense in the particular facts and circumstances.=20
The customer should recognize the loss immediately by a charge to income and=20
the offsetting deferred credit (incentive) should be recognized ratably over=20
the term of the service contract in proportion to the fixed contractual fees=20
expensed in each period. Similarly, incentives that result in the recognition=20
of an asset or a deferred charge should be reported on the balance sheet at=20
the amount received or fair value, and the offsetting credit (incentive)=20
recognized ratably over the term of the service contract.
Re:  Dave Foti--this is what I was talking about.  He cranks out some pretty 
well thought out stuff.  DF
David Foti
01/27/2000 12:08 PM
Again, we may want to take advantage of the recent bump in gas prices due to 
the cold snap, to minimize our fixed gas payment and heat rate with ECS.  At 
the very least someone should have the mandate to keep their eye on prices 
and determine when to lock-in 
Take a look at the attached presentation.  Effect of changing gas prices on 
Gallup is demonstrated on the first page lower left table.  Give me a call if 
you have any questions.
Dave
For those of you who didn't have the patience/patriotism to listen to your 
president for the whole hour and a half last night, let me share a 
highlight:  Clinton announced a new $1 billion program for economic 
development on the reservations.  Langley may be onto something.  If he/we 
can get the first deal done in New Mexico and assuming Gore wins, there may 
be opportunities to replicate the deal elsewhere.  I'm thinking of tribal 
lands in Minnesota, Wisconsin, S. Dakota, etc.  Perhaps Bill should call 
Chairman Ken and talk to him about changing sides.  Notice that I'm not 
volunteering to make that phone call. DF  
No I'm not in bed.  Please print--I'll be in in an hour or so.  Thnaks.DF
Sent by: Jamie Ginsberg
Please find attached the monthly load vs. delivery schedule (including 
leap-year februarys) for the Hubbard transaction.  Also note that the word 
minimum has been removed from the Restructuring Proposal per your request.
Please call me if you have any questions,
Jamie Ginsberg
x35696
FYI.  DF
For those of you who didn't have the patience/patriotism to listen to your 
president for the whole hour and a half last night, let me share a 
highlight:  Clinton announced a new $1 billion program for economic 
development on the reservations.  Langley may be onto something.  If he/we 
can get the first deal done in New Mexico and assuming Gore wins, there may 
be opportunities to replicate the deal elsewhere.  I'm thinking of tribal 
lands in Minnesota, Wisconsin, S. Dakota, etc.  Perhaps Bill should call 
Chairman Ken and talk to him about changing sides.  Notice that I'm not 
volunteering to make that phone call. DF  
I'm not sure if this is automatic or if you have to actually do something to 
make sure it happens, but either way, THANK YOU!  Flying on this flight 
stinks and it would be even worse in the back of the bus!!  DF
Martin Kovacs                                                     SALES AGT: TR/X4Z8S7
FOSSUM/DREW
ETKT RECEIPT
**REVIEW UPGRADE BELOW**
ENRON OMA
DATE:  OCT 11 2000
SERVICE               DATE  FROM           TO             DEPART  ARRIVE
HOTEL                 10OCT DOUBLETREE HOUSTON ALLEN CENTER
11OCT 400 DALLAS STREET
HOUSTON, TX 77002
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA
TELEPHONE: (713) 759-0202
FAX: (713) 759-9605
CONFIRMATION: 85361656
REFERENCE: B1KENR
SINGLE ROOM KING SIZE BED
RATE: ENR USD 124.00 PER NIGHT
GUARANTEE GIVEN
ZD311865888 ENRON CORP RQST NONSMKG KING
TO AVOID BILLING CANCEL BY 4PM DAY OF ARRIVAL
CONTINENTAL AIRLINES  11OCT HOUSTON TX     OMAHA NE       830P    1049P
CO 1467    F          WED   G.BUSH INTERCO EPPLEY AIRFIEL
TERMINAL C
NON STOP
RESERVATION CONFIRMED         2:09 DURATION
AIRCRAFT: BOEING 737-300
SEAT 01E NO SMOKING CONFIRMED FOSSUM/DREW(IDS
FIRST CLASS UPGRADE IS CONFIRMED.
MISCELLANEOUS         10DEC HOUSTON TX
SUN   ** THANK YOU FOR USING THE TAP 
FOSSUM/DREW  S1C0366R1116
CO  FREQUENT FLYER COHF518933
NTL TVLRS: CARRY SOS WALLET CARD W/ENRONASSISTANCE INFO
CALL SOS: IN U.S 800 523-6586/INTL 215 245-4707 (COLLECT)
THIS IS THE PASSENGER RECEIPT FOR YOUR ELECTRONIC TICKET.
PLEASE CHECK-IN WITH PHOTO IDENTIFICATION AND WITH
EITHER (1) THIS RECEIPT OR (2) YOUR CONFIRMATION NUMBER.
YOUR ETKT CONFIRMATION NUMBER IS: I 2 E J 7 H
Great!  We've got a meeting set for 9 am on Wed on the regulatory structure 
of the pipeline.  Also, I talked to Kevin and Tim separately today on the 
market research issue.  I think Tim could probably identify the specific 
electric rate PNM charges DOE at Sandia and DOD at Kirtland as well as the 
general tariff rate for large industrial service.  If we are lucky, there 
might be some info in PNM's last rate case on the discounted electric rates 
it gives specific large industrials (if any).  Obviously, any info on gas or 
elec. loads and rates would be useful.  Kevin, I told Tim you'd give him a 
call to convey further thoughts, but this is probably enough to get Tim 
started.
I got a call this afternoon from Tino.  He asked our help on right of way 
issues with BNSF.  Could Steve, Kevin or Lorraine take point on trying to 
find out if we or anyone within Enron has a good contact at BNSF that we 
could use?  Lets keep all such external contacts very discreet to avoid 
tipping PNM that Enron is involved.  Just in general on the confidentiality 
issue, Tim reminded me of an important date we all need to keep in mind--the 
current leglislative session in Santa Fe ends Feb. 17.  We need to be 
absolutely sure that we don't tip PNM off that we are talking to Langley 
before then so we don't get them interested in the leglislative fix we are 
supporting on the Plains-Tri State merger.  Tim believes PNM could spike that 
leglislative fix in a heartbeat if they wanted to.  That issue is real 
immediate dollars, so lets not let a future deal screw up a present deal 
(even a lawyer like me can figure out the cost benefit on that situation).
Tino had a new fact to work into the economics:  DOE has 6000MMBtu/d of pure 
gas load at Sandia in addition to elec. load.  No number yet on Kirtland gas 
load.  Also, Tino has heard that a guy named Jeff Sturba will likely replace 
Montoya at PNM before the end of the year.  Has anyone else heard that?  Do  
we know him 
I told Tino that one of us would give him a call back by the end of the week 
just to report in on our analysis.  At minimum, we can probably pass on the 
name of a contact at Enron Wind for Tino to bother on the windmill thing Turned out that the wind pilot project is on the Rosebud reservation in S.D. 
and has nothing to do with the Albuquerque project anyway.  Sorry about the 
random message but thats how my brain is working today.  DF 
Lorraine Lindberg
01/31/2000 01:56 PM
Attached please find the "To Do" list for our Albuquerque project tentatively named Pueblo.  I will summarize the meeting notes and forward 
them soon.
Attached is a draft of an "operational control agreement" designed to address 
the concerns stated in FERC's order approving the Gallup project.  We may or 
may not actually file it as part of the required compliance filing, but will 
describe it in detail in the "report" FERC ordered us to file.  The 
substantive terms track the language that is already in the O&M Agreement Please give me or Susan a call with any questions or comments you may have We expect to file this by I believe the 12th of Feb.  or so.  Thanks.  DF
pls print.  thanks.  DF
These are the "words" that go with the bullets--  see if anything strikes you 
incorrectly or needing more--thanks MK
Shelley Corman
01/27/2000 05:20 PM
Mark, I understand we need to act very quickly once we have turned you loose 
to price the swap.  I think this is a Harris and Nelson call, so lets talk 
tomorrow.  I'll look at the contracts again to verify our risks in locking in 
before we are 100% sure we are going ahead with the project.  DF
Mark Knippa@ECT
01/31/2000 04:27 PM
Just wanted to communicate that I contacted Drew earlier today to suggest that
we check the pricing and execute the Conversion Agreement for Gallup.   As you
guys know, the recent price valuation for deliveries associated with Gallup 
have been 
well below the earlier market quotes 
Given the short term market reaction to the colder weather, we may be able 
establish
prices similar to the earlier market quote.   Based on the response from Dave 
and Drew
I have requested the pricing and hope to have that information by mid-day 
tomorrow.
If the cost savings are worth a little bit of hassle, we can do this.  We'll 
need to make a FERC filing by the end of the 1st Q 2000 to identify the 
"shared facilities."  Also, if you decide to go forward, don't do it until 
1-1-2000 so we don't have to scramble to get the info in front of FERC this 
quarter.  Let me and Maria know what you decide to do and we'll arrange a 
briefing on the specific rules to be aware of and we'll make sure we 
understand the situation fully so we can properly disclose to FERC what is 
up.  Please call with any questions. Thanks.  DF 
Rich Jolly on 12/15/99 06:38:43 PM
Drew are we OK to go with this? We don't have any "confidential 
transportation-related information in our office. We do have some operating 
agreements and contracts but they aren't confidential that I know of Rich
Drew Fossum
12/08/99 05:18 PM
EES is a marketing affiliate, so we do need to be careful about shared 
computer systems, phone systems, staplers, paper clips, etc.  If Rich and his 
office have no "confidential transportation-related information"  we might be 
able to do it, otherwise, the hassles and expense of building marketing 
affiliate firewalls might make it counterproductive.   I'm forwarding this to 
the experts for a quick yup or nope on this.  Thanks. DF  
Michel Nelson
12/08/99 05:24 PM
Rich - Per your phone mail, I see no reason why an EES employee couldn't 
office in your Region Office, providing he/she pays rent and we not break any 
market affiliate rules (if they apply here).
Drew - Saving $ for Enron. Any issues I'm overlooking?
Mike
Its a railroad.  Now known as BNSFCN (Burlington Northern Santa Fe Canadian 
National).  DF
Drew, what is BNSF?
??????  I thought our folks had a pretty clear understanding of their 
respective jurisdiction and expertise.  Apparently not.  Lets talk about the 
specifics of this incident when I get back to the office.  Actually, I'll see 
you tomorrow Lou and maybe we can dial Dot in.  Thanks. DF
Louis Soldano
02/01/2000 09:40 AM
Sent by: Jan Cobden
Drew and Dot,
It appears that one of our commercial/regulatory lawyers signed off on a 
right-of-way agreement that they simply should not have, and in my opinion is 
outside their area of expertise and practice.  I am going to follow up with 
the individual on this and it also appears that they were at least in part, a 
victim of a calculated "snow-job" by our brethern over at Enron Northern 
America as well as a misunderstanding of the marketing affilate rule.  Along 
these lines, I am concerned that some of our folks in an effort to be 
responsive to our clients may feel that they have to provide advice in areas 
where they should be seeking the advice of those who practice in that area on 
a routine basis.  I think it would be helpful for the three of us to 
establish guidelines for our folks on when we would expect them to seek 
guidance from others who practice in certain primary areas of 
responsibility.  For example, if an environmental question comes up, I would 
expect any lawyer in our group to talk to Mr. Reich or myself.  If an issue 
arose with respect to Northern's tariff, one would expect that the lawyer 
would speak to Maria, Drew or Dari 
Let me know what you think and we will go from there.
Lou
I'm good on this.  DF
Christine Stokes
02/01/2000 08:41 AM
TRANSWESTERN PIPELINE CONTRACT APPROVAL REQUEST
Phillips Petroleum Company's discount letter was recently approved by 
Transwestern's Officer group.   However, Phillips has now requested that 
Transwestern include language in the discount letter which guarantees the 
applicable discount rate in the event that Transwestern's minimum Tariff rate 
were to be higher than the discount rate.  I have underlined the additional 
language  in the attached revised discount letter (language will not be 
underlined when provided to Phillips).  The inclusion of this language would 
require Transwestern to file the discount as a negotiated rate prior to gas 
flow under the term of the amendment.  Transwestern would file this discount 
on January 31, 2001.
Please review the attached document and indicate approval via REPLY WITH 
HISTORY.
All Officer approvals will be sent to Bill Cordes for final President Level 
approval.
The problem is back.  For a while I couldn't send an email to the wrong Steve 
even if I tried, but now the computer's doing its own thing again.  I'll try 
to remember to use "steven" but my recollection is that that didn't always 
work either.  Thanks.  DF
Steve Harris@ECT
02/01/2000 08:33 AM
Drew, I've forwaded the "real" Steven Harris this e-mail.  I think the main 
problem w/ the e-mail 
confusion is the name ending (i.e. his is Steven and ends with an "n", and 
mine is just Steve w/ 
an "e").  Please update your address database for this change.
Thanks,
Steve
Mark, I understand we need to act very quickly once we have turned you loose 
to price the swap.  I think this is a Harris and Nelson call, so lets talk 
tomorrow.  I'll look at the contracts again to verify our risks in locking in 
before we are 100% sure we are going ahead with the project.  DF
Mark Knippa@ECT
01/31/2000 04:27 PM
Just wanted to communicate that I contacted Drew earlier today to suggest that
we check the pricing and execute the Conversion Agreement for Gallup.   As you
guys know, the recent price valuation for deliveries associated with Gallup 
have been 
well below the earlier market quotes 
Given the short term market reaction to the colder weather, we may be able 
establish
prices similar to the earlier market quote.   Based on the response from Dave 
and Drew
I have requested the pricing and hope to have that information by mid-day 
tomorrow.
How much time did you say you will have????  If you can get through  a tenth 
of that in 5 minutes, you are much quicker than I!  Also, in an amazing 
coincidence, your outline looks very similar to MKM's speech for the Canuck 
gas conference next week.  Good job on both!  DF 
Shelley Corman
02/02/2000 09:27 AM
Lorraine Cross has invited me to participate in an "outreach meeting" with 
Dan Larcamp and his team on February 10.  Also participating in the outreach 
meeting will be Williams (Judy Neason/Scott Turkington); El Paso (Peggy Heeg) 
and Coastal (Dan Collins 
The meeting comes at Larcamp's request and is part of a series of outreach 
meetings that OMTR is having with other industry groups including producers, 
gas and electric utilities and marketers.
The purpose of the meeting is not to discuss positions in the current gas 
NOPR (as OMTR is assuming that the 
Commission will take action on the gas NOPR in February).  The purpose of the 
meeting is discuss how markets are changing and talk about upcoming 
regulatory issues.
There will be no formal presentations or slides.  Lorraine will give a 5 
minute overview on INGAA's themes on regulatory policy (these theme's are per 
the Board of Directors' Task Force on FERC Policy):
Competition 
Re-contracting challenges
Rate discounting
Each of the four participating companies will have 5 minutes to relate their 
pipeline experiences to these themes.  I would propose to focus my remarks on 
topic of the continuous contracting state of the pipeline capacity market The point is to tell Larcamp that we are not looking for a regulatory answer 
to this short-term, continuous contracting environment.  What we are seeking 
is the rate and service flexibility we need to meet these challenges Examples will be the new services flexibility that we continue to seek on TW 
(Enhanced Firm Backhaul, Limited Firm).  And, the pricing changes we seek on 
NNG, including seasonal rates.  Again, I don't plan to have any formal 
slides, but here is the outline of the message.  I would also propose to add 
some specific examples/data on capacity release, recent auction experiences 
and re-contracting statistics.
FYI: 
El Paso plans to talk about the role that negotiated rate transactions will 
increasingly play in the market place, citing their experiences in placing El 
Paso capacity and their negotiated rate contract extensions on Tenn/E. Tenn.
Williams tentatively plans to talk about additional flexibility on offshore 
pipelines, about the need for more self-implementing flexibility, and the 
impacts of regulatory delay.
Please let me know by Monday, February 7 is you have any concerns about the 
general direction of my remarks or about any other issues that you would have 
me bring up with Larcamp and team.
pls print.  thanks. DF
John Dushinske
02/02/2000 01:30 PM
I just received this from David and have not had a chance to review but, 
thought we should get it to you as soon as possible.  David is completing a 
thorough review of the proposal and will be forwarding to us by end of this 
week.  If you see anything in this that cause you immediate concern please 
let Drew, David and I know.  I will forward David's review when he completes 
it.  Thanks.  John D. 
David Foti
02/01/2000 06:39 PM
Per my voicemail.
Sent by: Jamie Ginsberg
Please find attached the monthly load vs. delivery schedule (including 
leap-year februarys) for the Hubbard transaction.  Also note that the word 
minimum has been removed from the Restructuring Proposal per your request.
Please call me if you have any questions,
Jamie Ginsberg
x35696
Well, there you have it.  We waited and we blew it.  What a bunch of 
dummies.  Next time someone calls and gives me a special deal thats only 
available for a limited time, I'll jump on it!   Kevin, please let me know 
what Steve, Bill, and Stan ultimately decide to do on this.  Thanks. DF Mark Knippa@ECT
02/02/2000 03:35 PM
Now given the close of business today and the concern regarding price movement
since Monday I have requested new pricing information again.  The appearance 
is
that the numbers have moved.  I suspect that we have missed the upward price 
movement
associated with the "Winter of 2000" the last few days 
I hope we can get a defined process to capture a short term price movement or 
we may 
be faced with gas prices between March and April (which is the in-service 
targeted) that 
we don't even want to mention 
Let me know.
How bout 1?  Thanks. DF
David Foti
02/02/2000 05:44 PM
Drew
I'll give you a call after lunch tomorrow to discuss.  Let me know if there 
is a preferred time to call.
Dave
pls give that copy of Gorak's sba filing to maria.  I think I left it with 
you and Mary.  df 
Randy, this is the issue I left you the voice mail on.  Article 6 of the 
Gallup Compression Services Agreement (which I am sending to you separately) 
with ECS obligates ECS to "work in good faith with CDEC" to establish an 
automated system that would automatically have alerted us to peak loading 
conditions on CDEC's system.  We had a pretty good idea when we signed the 
contract that ECS would not be able to complete that by the contract start 
date, so we negotiated a fall back plan under which ECS is obligated to 
"assist [Transwestern] in developing a manual system to accomplish the same 
result and will hold harmless and keep [Transwestern] whole for all cost and 
expenses" associated with the manual system.  We will fight with them about 
who owes the $200k that James mentions below based on their failure to 
"assist" us in managing the cost.  In the mean time, we need to make sure 
that we are doing everything we can to get a handle on the situation to 
mitigate future costs.  Do we have someone who is watching this out there We are running so full tilt on TW that we may not have as much flexibiltiy to 
manage this situation as we expected, but let me know what we can do.  James 
had heard that one hold up was the absence of a confidentiality agreement--I 
guess between ECS and Transwestern--that would permit ECS to communicate to 
us the details on how to access teh key info. from CDEC.  That sounds like a 
BS excuse from ECS, but it that's what they are saying, let me know and we 
can figure out a solution.  Thanks.  DF 
James Centilli
12/14/2000 02:49 PM
Would you please contact Gerald Nemec and review the Gallup Compression 
Service Contract in respect to the Load Control Management.  My understanding 
was that ECS was to provide a means to access CDEC's online profile in order 
for us to make a decision to avoid running the compressor during CDEC's peak 
load periods.  We have not received access to this information which has 
resulted so far in additional electric cost of $200,987.33 for the period of 
July through September.  Additional cost will be incurred for the remainder 
of this year, that I have not been able to review yet.  This cost is 
averaging $79,000 per month if we continue to run the compressor as we have 
in August and September.
Great--the front running ideas now are (1) an operational sale in the San 
Juan of the 20,000 we recieve there and an offsetting operational purchase 
(less basis differential) at some other location (i.e., the permian) thus 
freeing up 20,000/d of physical space on the lateral; or (2) an exchange 
agreement under which a party takes our 20,000 in the SJ and gives us back 
the same amount, less basis differential, in the permian.  The SJ 20,000 
would still physically flow down the lateral, but it would have to move under 
someone's transport agreement--in other words it wouldn't be incremental to 
our 850,000/d of firm transport obligations.  I don't know if this will work 
yet, but it was a creative idea by Keith and Donna.  I'm eager to talk to 
Steve Harris and Susan about this because it sounds similar to a scenario 
that Susan researched  a while ago and that Lindy explained to me--maybe 
there are problems or solutions yet to be considered.  DF 
Keith Petersen
12/14/2000 04:07 PM
Today we had meeting to discuss the filing for the 10 MMcf/d expansion Donna covered her needs so that a filing draft can be sent out on 12/15/00 There was discussion on the possibility of having an Open Season.  Drew 
covered his thoughts of not having an Open Season and building the project At 
Risk.  Once we are ready to put the changes into service we would post the 
capacity.  At this time Donna has received all of her information is putting 
into a draft.
After our meeting this morning, we discussed the possibility of moving only 
the 850 MMcf/d on the San Juan lateral and not include the 20 MMcf/d of 
fuel.  If we are to only move the 850 MMcf/d, the changing of horsepower may 
not be needed (I have a call into Ron Matthews for the answer).  The reason 
we are asking this question is save capital dollars and speed up the in 
service date.  Planning has said that any change we make at the Gallup 
station will not work for the main expansion.  Drew and Maria are looking for 
a way to bring the fuel or a portion of the 850 MMcf/d in at another point 
(Drew to explain in more detail).  The reason we are asking these questions 
is that engineering says the project will not be ready for service until the 
third quarter of 2001.  We may miss an opportunity.
I will be in early tomorrow or you can reach me at home tonight after 9:00 PM 
(896-1025), if have any questions.
Keith
I think that is exactly right.  I suspect that the marketing guys could work 
up a simple formula for determining our course of action depending on the 
size of the revenue opportunity vs. the power cost/penalty.  Thanks. df
Drew, I plan to discuss this with Rich Jolly, and will call you with our 
thoughts. I would suggest our plan be such that we do not just aoutomatically 
shut down during these periods but work with marketing to create a cost vs. 
benefit profile of when/if it may make sense to operate even when in a peak 
state?
R2
Drew Fossum
12/14/2000 05:31 PM
Randy, this is the issue I left you the voice mail on.  Article 6 of the 
Gallup Compression Services Agreement (which I am sending to you separately) 
with ECS obligates ECS to "work in good faith with CDEC" to establish an 
automated system that would automatically have alerted us to peak loading 
conditions on CDEC's system.  We had a pretty good idea when we signed the 
contract that ECS would not be able to complete that by the contract start 
date, so we negotiated a fall back plan under which ECS is obligated to 
"assist [Transwestern] in developing a manual system to accomplish the same 
result and will hold harmless and keep [Transwestern] whole for all cost and 
expenses" associated with the manual system.  We will fight with them about 
who owes the $200k that James mentions below based on their failure to 
"assist" us in managing the cost.  In the mean time, we need to make sure 
that we are doing everything we can to get a handle on the situation to 
mitigate future costs.  Do we have someone who is watching this out there We are running so full tilt on TW that we may not have as much flexibiltiy to 
manage this situation as we expected, but let me know what we can do.  James 
had heard that one hold up was the absence of a confidentiality agreement--I 
guess between ECS and Transwestern--that would permit ECS to communicate to 
us the details on how to access teh key info. from CDEC.  That sounds like a 
BS excuse from ECS, but it that's what they are saying, let me know and we 
can figure out a solution.  Thanks.  DF 
James Centilli
12/14/2000 02:49 PM
Would you please contact Gerald Nemec and review the Gallup Compression 
Service Contract in respect to the Load Control Management.  My understanding 
was that ECS was to provide a means to access CDEC's online profile in order 
for us to make a decision to avoid running the compressor during CDEC's peak 
load periods.  We have not received access to this information which has 
resulted so far in additional electric cost of $200,987.33 for the period of 
July through September.  Additional cost will be incurred for the remainder 
of this year, that I have not been able to review yet.  This cost is 
averaging $79,000 per month if we continue to run the compressor as we have 
in August and September.
I don't see anything controversial in Leslie's outline.  We've done  a lot of 
thinking about Dynegy's "funny money" argument and I volunteer Maria to work 
with you and Leslie on making sure ENA's comments are consistent with ours on 
this and all related issues.  DF  
Shelley Corman
12/14/2000 04:17 PM
FYI - Attached are ENA's preliminary thoughts on comments for the marketing 
affiliate conference.  They are not certain yet whether they want to sponsor 
a participant at the discussion table.
Here is a memo on PL00-1.  Shelly, I am sure you will recognize the ideas Thanks.
pls print.  df
I would like Sally Beck and Cassandra Schultz to review the attached Risk 
Management Policy to tell us if they have any concerns about ETS management 
approving the document.  The second document titled Procedures are the 
controls that are in place or in some cases will be in place by the end of 
the 1st quarter of 2001.  (Daily Position Reporting will be available upon 
implementation of the planned trading system 
We are asking the Marketing VPs to review the policy and accompanying 
procedures with an eye toward recommending the trading limits as allowed by 
the policy.   Also, please note the last page of the procedure document which 
provides an example of the Hedge Documentation, (provided to us by the 
Corporate SFAS 133 team) that will be required to maintain hedge accounting. 
Drew, Tony, Lee, Bob and myself thank you for your input before the documents 
go for final approval.  If you feel a meeting is needed to discuss the 
content, it will be arraigned.
Sack, lets see you try this with United flight #1292 from Memphis to Peoria Hope all goes well in the airline bidness and   soon.  It won't 
be on one of your flights, however, as I've instructed my travel staff to 
avoid United just in case I get you and you decide to try out your old top 
gun moves on a DC10 or whatever the hell you fly!  DF  
- FLYBY.jpg
pls print thanks. dF  Also, pls send to ETS lawyers fyi.  Thanks. DF
Julia White
02/02/2000 05:56 PM
I thought you would be interested in 1999 Top Ten customers by revenue for 
NNG and TW. Call with any questions.
Thanks. Julia
Rick Dietz
02/02/2000 05:34 PM
My group is frequently asked to provide the top ten or twenty five customers 
(based on revenues) on our pipelines.   Attached are two files that we just 
provided to general accounting based on 1999 revenues.  If you recall being 
asked these questions, you may want to print off the attached spreadsheets or 
save this lotus note to a file for future reference.
Rick
Nice thought,  but Lay spiked the Treasury rumor right after I started it Bummer, that bag boy job would have been a lot of fun.  And to think I 
started out as Dave Hooker's bag boy!!!  DF
Ken will likely require professional counsel as Sec. Treas. Could be an
opportunity for the Fossum's to return to the toilet bowl, I mean DC, as
Ken's bag boy.
Dammit Jenkins, don't even joke about stuff like that!  If the market ever
realized that I worked here, the stock would go down $10!!!  You think Lay
is taking the first step toward Sec. Treas. in the new Bush admin That's the rumor I heard a month ago.  Hope all goes well for you in sunny
hotlanta.  Its 5 below zero here today so your whole Georgia good ole' boy
lifestyle thing sounds pretty attractive.  AMF  DF
I trust you guys saw this on the wires today:
Enron's stock was off $3-3/16 or 4.1 percent in afternoon trading at $74,
following an announcement that Jeff Skilling will become its new chief
executive officer on Feb. 12. An analyst, who asked not to be named, said
that it had been widely assumed that Drew Fossum would be named CEO;
therefore, the company's stock traded lower on the news.
here it is.  df 
Attached is a draft application, including exhibits, requesting FERC approval 
to replace the existing 10,000 HP driver at the Gallup Compressor Station 
with a 15,000 HP (Service factor 1.1).  Please review, provide coments, and 
sign and fax the FERC authorization form (7592 in Omaha) to me no later than 
3 P.M. on Tuesday, 12/19.  Any questions, please let me know.  Thanks.  Donna
pls print all this stuff.  thanks df
Attached is a draft application, including exhibits, requesting FERC approval 
to replace the existing 10,000 HP driver at the Gallup Compressor Station 
with a 15,000 HP (Service factor 1.1).  Please review, provide coments, and 
sign and fax the FERC authorization form (7592 in Omaha) to me no later than 
3 P.M. on Tuesday, 12/19.  Any questions, please let me know.  Thanks.  Donna
On Thursday last week the Commission eliminated the old "Texas Eastern" rule 
that required pipelines to obtain prior FERC approval before contracting for 
transportation and storage capacity on upstream or downstream pipelines.  The 
new rule allows pipelines to acquire and use such capacity without going to 
FERC first.  The rule does reiterate that bundled sales of gas are still 
prohibited, and further provides that the acquiring pipeline will be 
financially at risk for the costs of the acquired capacity.  Interestingly, 
the acquiring pipeline apparently has the option of selling the acquired 
capacity under its own rate schedules or of releasing the capacity pursuant 
to its capacity release program.  The order is silent on whether the price 
cap applies to short term releases of acquired capacity.   While we are still 
reviewing the order and may provide additional guidance at  a later time, I'd 
emphasize for now that our normal contract approval procedures and authority 
thresholds should be deemed to apply to capacity contracts.   For example, 
the "Approval Authorization for Cash Expenditures" dated Feb. 3, 2000 
provides Dave and Steve with authority up to $250,000 on operating expense 
obligations 
Please contact me if you have any questions on this matter.  DF 
I agree with Danny's email that the key timetable issue for the incremental 
10,000/day appears to be lead time on fabrication and delivery of the 
15,000hp motor.  It was my understanding that the long lead time items were 
going to be ordered shortly (if they haven't been already) and that we'd take 
the financial risk.  If that is our approach, the regulatory approvals won't 
be the critical path item they usually are.  I've reviewed the FERC 
application and we should be able to file it shortly, perhaps with a request 
for temporary emergency certification if we decide that would expedite 
things.  Additionally, we are looking at transactions that would allow us to 
avoid physically hauling the 20,000/day of fuel down the San Juan lateral If we could unload our fuel requirement from the San Juan, the additional 
horsepower at Gallup might provide some additional flexibility or additional 
capacity.   I'll talk to Steve today to make sure we are doing everything 
possible to expedite these efforts.  DF  
Stanley Horton
12/19/2000 07:25 AM
I believe that Phil Lowry is looking at ways to get some additional capacity 
out of the system as well.  We want to expedite these efforts too..  I would 
like to see an application filed filed by January 31st to get 30 to 50 
MMCF/D. 
Steve Harris and Phil Lowry should have the lead to get this done.  I am 
willing to construct at risk but want to see the financials as well.
Here is the latest on timetable on Gallup.  Susan, please get your edits on 
the draft to Donna and me by tomorrow.  (call me if you need more guidance on 
what I have in mind).   Donna or Keith, please let me know what additioonal 
information you are waiting on and what the likely timetable for filing is Also, Keith, what was the answer from ops/planning on whether unloading the 
20,000 of fuel from the San Juan would help with more flexibility or 
capacity?  If you haven't been able to get a meaningful answer, let me know 
who to call and I'll try 	
I agree with Danny's email that the key timetable issue for the incremental 
10,000/day appears to be lead time on fabrication and delivery of the 
15,000hp motor.  It was my understanding that the long lead time items were 
going to be ordered shortly (if they haven't been already) and that we'd take 
the financial risk.  If that is our approach, the regulatory approvals won't 
be the critical path item they usually are.  I've reviewed the FERC 
application and we should be able to file it shortly, perhaps with a request 
for temporary emergency certification if we decide that would expedite 
things.  Additionally, we are looking at transactions that would allow us to 
avoid physically hauling the 20,000/day of fuel down the San Juan lateral If we could unload our fuel requirement from the San Juan, the additional 
horsepower at Gallup might provide some additional flexibility or additional 
capacity.   I'll talk to Steve today to make sure we are doing everything 
possible to expedite these efforts.  DF  
Stanley Horton
12/19/2000 07:25 AM
I believe that Phil Lowry is looking at ways to get some additional capacity 
out of the system as well.  We want to expedite these efforts too..  I would 
like to see an application filed filed by January 31st to get 30 to 50 
MMCF/D. 
Steve Harris and Phil Lowry should have the lead to get this done.  I am 
willing to construct at risk but want to see the financials as well.
When you guys give me a new computer, can I get a (smaller) laptop with some 
kind of docking station???  I don't need a desktop if I get a good laptop I'd suggest we keep the IBM laptop as the department's roving laptop if it is 
upgradable to Windows 2000.  Thanks.  DF 
You are about to delve into the new and better world of Windows 2000 next 
week, but we don't want you to go there unprepared!  To ensure you have all 
the tools and knowledge necessary to drive your new Win2000 PC, we're 
providing 3 hours of training on the basics of Windows 2000 and Outlook 
(email).
Training will be in room 227 during the following times:
Wed 27th: 9-12
Thurs 28th: 1-4
Fri 29th: 9-12
There are only 7 seats in each class, so please reply and let me know what 
session you plan on attending.  If you have any questions, feel free to give 
me a call.  Thanks!
Tyler A Theobald
ETS Omaha IT
402-398-7247
fax:402-398-7209
Danny, I'm resending as I had the same problem Cindy did.  I'll give you a 
call later today after I've talked to Harris to discuss the various Gallup 
scenarios to make sure you and I are on the same page.   The plan that makes 
the most sense in my mind is to ram the 10,000/d  project through asap, with 
no firm contracts to preserve our options on a NEWCO structure.  We'll 
simultaneously implement a new approach on San Juan fuel transport if 
possible and then throw the big expansion into the hopper at FERC in January 
as Stan suggested.  I hope that timetable is doable--it all depends on 
planning/ops deciding what they want to build and then clearing our financial 
hurdles.   DF
Mail Delivery Subsystem  09:14:48 AM
550  found)
for  
I agree with Danny's email that the key timetable issue for the incremental
10,000/day appears to be lead time on fabrication and delivery of the
15,000hp motor.  It was my understanding that the long lead time items were
going to be ordered shortly (if they haven't been already) and that we'd
take the financial risk.  If that is our approach, the regulatory approvals
won't be the critical path item they usually are.  I've reviewed the FERC
application and we should be able to file it shortly, perhaps with a
request for temporary emergency certification if we decide that would
expedite things.  Additionally, we are looking at transactions that would
allow us to avoid physically hauling the 20,000/day of fuel down the San
Juan lateral.  If we could unload our fuel requirement from the San Juan,
the additional horsepower at Gallup might provide some additional
flexibility or additional capacity.   I'll talk to Steve today to make sure
we are doing everything possible to expedite these efforts.  DF
Stanley Horton
12/19/2000 07:25 AM
I believe that Phil Lowry is looking at ways to get some additional
capacity out of the system as well.  We want to expedite these efforts
too..  I would like to see an application filed filed by January 31st to
get 30 to 50 MMCF/D.
Steve Harris and Phil Lowry should have the lead to get this done.  I am
willing to construct at risk but want to see the financials as well.
Way cool.  DF
Drew -- I have you scheduled to get a Compaq M300 laptop -- very light.  Your 
laptop can be a "Legal Group" laptop.   Thanks.  Jean
When you guys give me a new computer, can I get a (smaller) laptop with some 
kind of docking station???  I don't need a desktop if I get a good laptop I'd suggest we keep the IBM laptop as the department's roving laptop if it is 
upgradable to Windows 2000.  Thanks.  DF 
You are about to delve into the new and better world of Windows 2000 next 
week, but we don't want you to go there unprepared!  To ensure you have all 
the tools and knowledge necessary to drive your new Win2000 PC, we're 
providing 3 hours of training on the basics of Windows 2000 and Outlook 
(email).
Training will be in room 227 during the following times:
Wed 27th: 9-12
Thurs 28th: 1-4
Fri 29th: 9-12
There are only 7 seats in each class, so please reply and let me know what 
session you plan on attending.  If you have any questions, feel free to give 
me a call.  Thanks!
Tyler A Theobald
ETS Omaha IT
402-398-7247
fax:402-398-7209
Latest Tino-gram:  Apparently high power prices at 4 Corners have DOE excited 
about the project all of a sudden.  The latest configuration is in the 
300-380 mw range.  Tino needs us to check if the ENA guys would be interested 
in buying the surplus capacity on a demand charge basis (I think these are 
basically tolling agreements--ENA would pay a monthly capacity reservation 
charge per KW of capacity and then pay actual fuel and variable cost for 
power that is actually dispatched)  $7/kw if the thing is simple cycle or 
$10/kw if combined cycle.  Variable cost would be $.005/kwh and fuel is 
whatever it is--ENA's problem.   I'm trying to get ahold of Tino to confirm, 
but I think these are prices at the plant, not FOB 4 Corners 
Please give me a call and see if you can get a quick reaction from our ENA 
guys.  Thanks.  DF 
Cool.  Do we have any most favored nations problem when we start doing 
backhaul service or have we already crossed that bridge with the EFBH deal DF
PG&E wants to buy backhaul service!
Is the difference between the first two cases and the second two cases the 
higher 775 lb suction pressure that we hope we could get from pigging the 
line?  If so, does this email say anything about whether we could get 
10,000mmbtu/d to the Cal. border assuming the pigging successfully gets us to 
775 lbs?  Lets talk to McShane tomorrow.  Thanks.. DF
e
Keith Petersen
12/19/2000 04:14 PM
Drew, the information below is the same as Terry Galassinni gave me.  It 
looks though as the HP is still short, but I maybe reading it wrong 
Keith
Bob McChane
12/19/2000 03:44 PM
The following is information requested by Terry Galassini:
Operating Points 1A and 1B have a 750 Psig line inlet pressure and differ 
only in gas suction temperature, 75 Degrees F for 1A and 80 Degrees F for 
1B.  Both conditions can operate with the current wheel at Gallup; however, 
Rolls would have to agree to a faster spin of the current compressor wheel as 
explained in the cases.  Without approval from Rolls, a new aero, $125,000, 
would be required.The motor horsepower is the crital component.  Mr 
Eisenstein will have to comment on motor capability.
Operating Point #1A
750 Psig - Line Suction Pressure
75 Degrees F - Gas Suction Temperature
970 Psig - Line Discharge Pressure
850 MMcfd - Compressed Volume
Head = 12,442 Feet
Acfm = 10,827 Actual Ft3/Min?Gas Horsepower Required = 12,300 @ 80% (Required Power to Motor = 13,369 ?Hp/9,970 KW *)?Gas Horsepower Required = 12,456 @ 79% (Required Power to Motor = 13,539 ?Hp/10,100 KW *)?* Represents an 8% total motor, gearbox and compressor bearing losses.??Two options exist for this case.??The first is to increase the compressor wheel speed from its current maximum ?continuous 9,450 Rpm speed to 9,922 Rpm (+5%).  The wheel was shop tested to ?10,868 Rpm (+15%).  Rolls would have to advise the warranty and saftey ?considerations.  If agreed to by Rolls, the current wheel would need to ?operate at the following conditions to meet the above head and Acfm:??Compressor Speed = 9,625 Rpm (Approximate)?Motor Speed = 1,528 Rpm (Can the above horsepowers into the motor be acheived ?at this speed, Arnold????) ?Inlet velocity to compressor = 102.11 Ft3/Sec
Maximum Design is 120 Ft/Sec
Gallup Test Had 4 Points at or Above 102 Ft/Sec w/No vibration or Noise 
Problems.
The second is to purchase a new aero assembly, $125,000 and 20 - 24 weeks 
lead time.  A new aero would probably spin a little slower than the 9,625 Rpm 
suggested above.  This would put more emphasis on motor horsepower at a speed 
less than 1,528 as calculated above.  Again, Mr. Eisenstein would have to 
comment on motor capability.
Operating Point #1B
750 Psig - Line Suction Pressure
80 Degrees F - Gas Suction Temperature
970 Psig - Line Discharge Pressure
850 MMcfd - Compressed Volume
Head = 12,604 Feet
Acfm = 10,968 Actual Ft3/Min?Gas Horsepower Required = 12,460 @ 80% (Required Power to Motor = 13,544 ?Hp/10,099 KW *)?Gas Horsepower Required = 12,617 @ 79% (Required Power to Motor = 13,715 ?Hp/10,228 KW *)?* Represents an 8% total motor, gearbox and compressor bearing losses.??Two options exist for this case.??The first is to increase the compressor wheel speed from its current maximum ?continuous 9,450 Rpm speed to 9,922 Rpm (+5%).  The wheel was shop tested to ?10,868 Rpm (+15%).  Rolls would have to advise the warranty and saftey ?considerations.  If agreed to by Rolls, the current wheel would need to ?operate at the following conditions to meet the above head and Acfm:??Compressor Speed = 9,675 Rpm (Approximate)?Motor Speed = 1,536 Rpm (Can the above horsepowers into the motor be acheived ?at this speed, Arnold????) ?Inlet velocity to compressor = 103.45 Ft3/Sec
Maximum Design is 120 Ft/Sec
Gallup Test Had 4 Points at or Above 103 Ft/Sec w/No vibration or Noise 
Problems.
The second is to purchase a new aero assembly, $125,000 and 20 - 24 weeks 
lead time.  A new aero would probably spin a little slower than the 9,675 Rpm 
suggested above.  This would put more emphasis on motor horsepower at a speed 
less than 1,536 as calculated above.  Mr. Eisenstein would have to comment on 
motor capability.
Operating Points 2A and 2B have a 775 Psig line inlet pressure and differ 
only in gas suction temperature, 75 Degrees F for 2A and 80 Degrees F for 
2B.  Both conditions can operate with the current wheel at Gallup at the 
current speed limit.  Whether or not the current motor at the site is capable 
of meeting the 2A and 2B conditions without modifications is left up to Mr. 
Eisenstein 
Operating Point #2A
775 Psig - Line Suction Pressure
75 Degrees F - Gas Suction Temperature
970 Psig - Line Discharge Pressure
850 MMcfd - Compressed Volume
Head = 10,841 Feet
Acfm = 10,451 Actual Ft3/Min?Gas Horsepower Required = 10,718 @ 80% (Required Power to Motor = 11,650 ?Hp/8,688 KW *)??* Represents an 8% total motor, gearbox and compressor bearing losses.??Based on test results at Gallup, the compressor speed will be approximately ?8,900 Rpm, well within its current capability.  The current wheel would ?operate at the following conditions to meet the above head and Acfm:??Compressor Speed = 8,900 Rpm (Approximate)?Motor Speed = 1,413 Rpm (Can the above horsepowers into the motor be acheived ?at this speed, Arnold????) ?Inlet velocity to compressor = 98.57 Ft3/Sec
Maximum Design is 120 Ft/Sec
Gallup Test Had 4 Points at or Above 99 Ft/Sec w/No vibration or Noise 
Problems.
Operating Point #2B
775 Psig - Line Suction Pressure
80 Degrees F - Gas Suction Temperature
970 Psig - Line Discharge Pressure
850 MMcfd - Compressed Volume
Head = 10,984 Feet
Acfm = 10,590 Actual Ft3/Min?Gas Horsepower Required = 10,858 @ 80% (Required Power to Motor = 11,803 ?Hp/8,802 KW *)??* Represents an 8% total motor, gearbox and compressor bearing losses.??Based on test results at Gallup, the compressor speed will be approximately ?8,960 Rpm, well within its current capability.  The current wheel would ?operate at the following conditions to meet the above head and Acfm:??Compressor Speed = 8,960 Rpm (Approximate)?Motor Speed = 1,422 Rpm (Can the above horsepowers into the motor be acheived ?at this speed, Arnold????) ?Inlet velocity to compressor = 99.88 Ft3/Sec
Maximum Design is 120 Ft/Sec
Gallup Test Had 4 Points at or Above 100 Ft/Sec w/No vibration or Noise 
Problems.
Bob
Absolutely.  I got a report yesterday on the 30-40 million/day that Phil and 
his guys may be able to squeeze out of the system with debottlenecking etc We'll be ready to go to expedite any approvals that may be necessary on that 
project.  On the quick 10 million/day that we've been working on, there's a 
potential alternative to building more Gallup horsepower that may get us the 
10 million much quicker and at a lower cost.  Steve Harris and I talked about 
it yesterday and I hope we can run it to ground in a day or two.  We will be 
ready to file at FERC shortly on the 15,000 hp at Gallup if the alternative 
doesn't pan out.  We'll look at combining the 30-40 mm/d project with the 
Gallup compression for FERC filing purposes.  DF  
Stanley Horton
12/19/2000 06:15 PM
Lets make sure we are picking-up on the other ideas Phil has for getting 
additional capacity on Tw.  If any of his ideas require regulatory approval 
we will probably want to include in the same certificate application.
Pls get me in on the meetings with Galasinsi and Mcchane. df
Keith Petersen
12/20/2000 07:48 AM
Apparently, someone has told Stan that they can make some changes to the 
horsepower and some of the piping and increase thruput by 30 to 50 MMcf/d Steve Harris told Drew that the theory had not been proven as of yet.  Steve 
was surprised with the announcement.  I'm told that Stan believes that 
operationaly we can be ready by the end of the first quarter of 2001 Apparently Stan has talked with someone at FERC about expidited treatment (I 
do not have confirmation on this. It is all hear say.).  Terry Galasinni and 
I have a meeting tomorrow (12/21/00 in the PM) to discuss what is happening 
and how we are to get the information quicker.
Donna is continuing to work on the 10 MMcf/d expansion.  Once we know exactly 
what is happening we will modify our filing to match.
An update on the possibility of moving 20 MMcf/d off the San Juan Lateral and 
the cleaning of the lateral.  I have talked with planning and they have 
confirmed that if we only flow 850 MMcf/d on the lateral and by cleaning the 
line they can increase the suction to the Gallup compressor to 775 psig, the 
existing equipment will work to gain the incremental 10 MMcf/d from east of 
Thoreau to the California border.  We are going to meet with Bob McChane 
today to discuss.
Keith
What changes is Stan talking about?  I saw the article where he talks about a 
30-50/per day project-  where did that come from??   MK
Stanley Horton
12/19/2000 06:15 PM
Lets make sure we are picking-up on the other ideas Phil has for getting 
additional capacity on Tw.  If any of his ideas require regulatory approval 
we will probably want to include in the same certificate application.
Julie--pls forward to Danny.  I've had trouble the last couple of days 
getting emails to go through to him.  Am I doing something wrong?
Mail Delivery Subsystem  10:12:07 AM
550  found)
for  
Absolutely.  I got a report yesterday on the 30-40 million/day that Phil
and his guys may be able to squeeze out of the system with debottlenecking
etc.  We'll be ready to go to expedite any approvals that may be necessary
on that project.  On the quick 10 million/day that we've been working on,
there's a potential alternative to building more Gallup horsepower that may
get us the 10 million much quicker and at a lower cost.  Steve Harris and I
talked about it yesterday and I hope we can run it to ground in a day or
two.  We will be ready to file at FERC shortly on the 15,000 hp at Gallup
if the alternative doesn't pan out.  We'll look at combining the 30-40 mm/d
project with the Gallup compression for FERC filing purposes.  DF
Stanley Horton
12/19/2000 06:15 PM
Lets make sure we are picking-up on the other ideas Phil has for getting
additional capacity on Tw.  If any of his ideas require regulatory approval
we will probably want to include in the same certificate application.
I have been typing in his name and letting the computer address it.  I've now 
added his "@" address to my address book, so lets see if that does 
the trick.  Thanks!  DF
Julie Armstrong
12/20/2000 11:26 AM
Drew:
Thank you for your note.  I saw an email in Danny's box yesterday from you 
Do you have Danny listed in personal address book?   We experienced some past 
issues with his email address but, resolved it with new email address, 
dmccarty@
Are you selecting from the address books or typing in his name.  Please 
advise and I will look into the issue.
I will leave Danny a voice mail message and have forwarded your message to 
him.  It is currently in his email box 
Julie--pls forward to Danny.  I've had trouble the last couple of days 
getting emails to go through to him.  Am I doing something wrong?
Mail Delivery Subsystem  10:12:07 AM
550  found)
for  
Absolutely.  I got a report yesterday on the 30-40 million/day that Phil
and his guys may be able to squeeze out of the system with debottlenecking
etc.  We'll be ready to go to expedite any approvals that may be necessary
on that project.  On the quick 10 million/day that we've been working on,
there's a potential alternative to building more Gallup horsepower that may
get us the 10 million much quicker and at a lower cost.  Steve Harris and I
talked about it yesterday and I hope we can run it to ground in a day or
two.  We will be ready to file at FERC shortly on the 15,000 hp at Gallup
if the alternative doesn't pan out.  We'll look at combining the 30-40 mm/d
project with the Gallup compression for FERC filing purposes.  DF
Stanley Horton
12/19/2000 06:15 PM
Lets make sure we are picking-up on the other ideas Phil has for getting
additional capacity on Tw.  If any of his ideas require regulatory approval
we will probably want to include in the same certificate application.
I'm glad to have Tino talk to him direct--tee it up that way if you can Tino's new number is 913-441-1800 (ext. 109).  Thanks Kevin and have a great 
holiday DF
Kevin Hyatt
12/21/2000 05:26 PM
I left Steve Thome (503-539-2340) in Portland a voice msg on this.  He is 
travelling.  I'll check my voicemail while I'm out next week or feel free to 
have Tino call him direct.
kh
Enron Energy Services
Latest Tino-gram:  Apparently high power prices at 4 Corners have DOE excited 
about the project all of a sudden.  The latest configuration is in the 
300-380 mw range.  Tino needs us to check if the ENA guys would be interested 
in buying the surplus capacity on a demand charge basis (I think these are 
basically tolling agreements--ENA would pay a monthly capacity reservation 
charge per KW of capacity and then pay actual fuel and variable cost for 
power that is actually dispatched)  $7/kw if the thing is simple cycle or 
$10/kw if combined cycle.  Variable cost would be $.005/kwh and fuel is 
whatever it is--ENA's problem.   I'm trying to get ahold of Tino to confirm, 
but I think these are prices at the plant, not FOB 4 Corners 
Please give me a call and see if you can get a quick reaction from our ENA 
guys.  Thanks.  DF 
I'm out the 28th but am glad to discuss today or the 27th if there is 
anything else I can add on the subject.  Thanks. dF
Susan Scott
12/22/2000 10:17 AM
I'm available.
Lorraine Lindberg
12/22/2000 10:12 AM
I thought I'd get the ball rolling and try to get this small group together 
next week to begin discussing the idea Drew had about selling the fuel on the 
San Juan Lateral to "free up" space which we could sell.  Is everyone 
available Thursday 12/28 at 10 am?  Please let me know.  Thanks.
Lorraine
Colder than shit on Fri-Sun.  Nice tomorrow.  I'm getting the urge to play 
hooky.  DF
Do we need to give notice to customers before we shut in receipt points due 
to off-spec gas?  Sec. 44 of the NN tariff implies to me that if a customer's 
gas has too much water, for example, we can shut it in at any time without 
notice.  Please confirm ASAP.  DF
Lets talk about this on the 4th or 5th.  I'll have Martha set up a meeting. =20
Note that this will catch the Sempra negotiated rate deals, but not our=20
January deals (yet).  DF
Shelley Corman
12/27/2000 10:27 AM
Attached is a copy of the data request that we received in the San Diego=20
proceeding.=20
Many other parties, including Kern, Mojave, Burlington etc received data=20
requests as well.
FEDERAL ENERGY  REGULATORY COMMISSION
WASHINGTON, D.C. 20426
December 22, 2000
Mary Kay Miller
Vice President, Rates and Certificates
Transwestern Pipeline Company
1111 South 3rd Street
Omaha, ME  68124-1000
Re:  San Diego Gas & Electric Company
Docket No. RP01-180-000
Dear Ms. Miller:
In order for the Commission staff to fully evaluate the
request for emergency relief, we require information in addition
to that which was submitted by San Diego Gas & Electric Company
in its petition and the intervenors in their comments and
protests.  Pursuant to section 14(a) of the Natural Gas Act, 15
U.S.C. =0F5 717m(a)(1994), please respond to the attached data
requests no later than January 16, 2001.  Response(s) should be
filed with the Secretary of the Commission and provided to all
intervening parties in the proceeding.  In addition, please
provide a copy of the response(s) to James A. Pederson (Room 72-
27). =20
To the extent you believe privileged treatment is
appropriate, section 388.112 of the Commission's regulations sets
forth the procedures for requesting such treatment for some or
all of any information submitted to the Commission.  The
Secretary of the Commission will place documents for which
privileged treatment is sought (in accordance with section
388.112) in a nonpublic file while the request for privileged
treatment, or any challenge to such request, is pending before
the Commission.
=20
Sincerely,=20
Daniel L. Larcamp, Director
Office of Markets, Tariffs and
Rates
cc:  All Parties
Enclosure
=0F,
Enclosure
=20
1.   For the months of November and December, 2000, provide the
following information for each contract for transportation
to the California border:
a.   contract demand by shipper;
b.   the daily scheduled volume by shipper;
c.   the daily delivered volume by shipper;
d.   whether the service is firm or interruptible;=20
e.   the rate charged;
f.   term of the contract; and=20
g.   receipt and delivery points associated with the
contract.
2.   For each transaction identified in Question 1, provide an
explanation for any difference between scheduled volumes and
delivered volumes.
3.   Provide an explanation for any rate charged below the
maximum tariff rate.
4.   For the months of November and December, 2000, provide the
following information for each capacity release transaction
for transportation to the California border:
a.   the transaction or contract identification number, or
offer number;
b.   the name of the releasing shipper;
c.   the name of the acquiring shipper;
d.   the contract quantity;
e.   the term of the contract;
f.   the acquiring shipper's contract rate;
g.   the releasing shipper's contract rate; and=20
h.   any special details pertaining to the contract.
5.   For the months of November and December, 2000, provide the
daily flowing capacity and  maximum pipeline design capacity
(based upon scheduled nominations), both for the system
generally, and to California.
6.   Provide an explanation for each instance during November and
December, 2000, that the daily maximum available pipeline
capacity is below the peak day design capacity.
7.   Provide an explanation for any daily variance during
November and December, 2000, in the maximum available
pipeline capacity.
Scheduling will resume as normal on Friday July 5th for SW and NW.  I will come in and schedule.  For California, we can schedule in advance on the 3rd for July 4th-8th.  I will be here to cover for California on Friday in case of problems.
Lisa 
What are we doing to cover scheduling over the holiday weekend?
Happy 4th!
-Julie
Hi Rhonda,
I know you are not the one who is working on this but I forgot who was....Can you tell me who and forward this email to that person.  I'm a little concerned about my State Income Tax deduction.  I have not yet seen any withdraws from my check and I know State of Oregon will charge you penalties if you exceed a certain amount per quarter.  Please look into this as soon as you can.  Thank You.
lisa
I think its on or about page 84.
lisa
Hi Sabrina, I'm working on the suject DMS.  I'm going to need detailed settlement data from the counterparty 
Thanks, 
Lisa
I NEED YOU FOR A MOMENT..
LISA
what's up?
HELLO 
LISA
HELLO 
LISA
for you info
lisa
I have e-mail Molly and as of yet no response
Mark
Thanks!
lisa 
Lisa I will need to call Hafslund today and request their December 01 detail.
Thanks
Mark
713-345-7179
Lisa,
Mark is the one that is taking care of that CP and he is not in today.Sabrina Minnis is original coordinator and I asked if she had copies of the information for Hafslund and she replied that she gave it information to Mark Confer.  I'll leave him a note letting him know what you need. The Hafslund issue that I was working with is dealing with the month of Jan 2001. Let me know if I could be of any more assistance to you.
Ka'Tina-
Both for all of Dec and or any day that has discrepancy.
Thanks!
lisa
Lisa,
DO you need the detail the Enron has for Hafslund or the detail from Hasfslund or Dec 01?
Ka'Tina
For your info.
lisa
Hi Lisa,
The counterparty is showing this deal but I am not and their deal numbers are different from ours. They supplied a tag number but it was not enough information so I have asked the counterparty for addition information and I will get back with you on this. Thanks.
I'm working on settlement issues for NVP, DMS 12398.  Can you provide me with a deal#?
Lisa
Thanks.  Just to clarify, I am needing Enron's deal number. 
lisa
Hi Lisa,
The counterparty is showing this deal but I am not and their deal numbers are different from ours. They supplied a tag number but it was not enough information so I have asked the counterparty for addition information and I will get back with you on this. Thanks.
I'm working on settlement issues for NVP, DMS 12398.  Can you provide me with a deal#?
Lisa
Thanks!
lisa 
Lisa I will need to call Hafslund today and request their December 01 detail.
Thanks
Mark
713-345-7179
Lisa,
Mark is the one that is taking care of that CP and he is not in today.Sabrina Minnis is original coordinator and I asked if she had copies of the information for Hafslund and she replied that she gave it information to Mark Confer.  I'll leave him a note letting him know what you need. The Hafslund issue that I was working with is dealing with the month of Jan 2001. Let me know if I could be of any more assistance to you.
Ka'Tina-
Both for all of Dec and or any day that has discrepancy.
Thanks!
lisa
Lisa,
DO you need the detail the Enron has for Hafslund or the detail from Hasfslund or Dec 01?
Ka'Tina
Virgina, correct me if I'm wrong, I believe BPA has special rules when energy is curtailed.  Instead of us charging them with liquidated damages, BPA will not bill for the hours curtailed.  I track and record the cuts by modifying the deal in deal scheduling so that settlement is aware of the cuts.
lisa  
I assume that on all cuts on COB deliveries that we are charging BPA liquidated damages. In this case $3.50/MWhr for 6/18. Please let me know if this is not the case. Also, how do we track and record COB non-delivery LD's for BPA's? 
We were cut 40 MW today by BPA for peak hours on 6/18 at COB on enpower deal number 305699. Lisa purchased replacement power from Avista at $30. Enpower 897712
We presold power to Avista at $33.50 for the month and are now buying it back from them at $30 to book out.  Of course, BPA should not charge us for the 27.25 supply price under their contract.
Mo Elafandi 
Scheduling will resume as normal on Friday July 5th for SW and NW.  I will come in and schedule.  For California, we can schedule in advance on the 3rd for July 4th-8th.  I will be here to cover for California on Friday in case of problems.
Lisa 
What are we doing to cover scheduling over the holiday weekend?
Happy 4th!
-Julie
a little hung over....hey did you ask your sister 
Lisa,
Breakfast sandwiches and coffee could be in order this morn.   Let me know if you are down and when you can go.    Also tell Jsarnow.
late,
Darren
Lisa,
Mark is the one that is taking care of that CP and he is not in today.Sabrina Minnis is original coordinator and I asked if she had copies of the information for Hafslund and she replied that she gave it information to Mark Confer.  I'll leave him a note letting him know what you need. The Hafslund issue that I was working with is dealing with the month of Jan 2001. Let me know if I could be of any more assistance to you.
Ka'Tina-
Both for all of Dec and or any day that has discrepancy.
Thanks!
lisa
Lisa,
DO you need the detail the Enron has for Hafslund or the detail from Hasfslund or Dec 01?
Ka'Tina
Both for all of Dec and or any day that has discrepancy.
Thanks!
lisa
Lisa,
DO you need the detail the Enron has for Hafslund or the detail from Hasfslund or Dec 01?
Ka'Tina
I'm working on settlement issues for NVP, DMS 12398.  Can you provide me with a deal#?
Lisa
I'm working on a settlement issue with subject counterparty for December.  The unique id is 12596.  Can you send me Hafslund's detailed data for Dec 1 
Lisa 
NO FROM THAT PLACE WE WENT YESTERDAY,,,YOU CAN GET GREAT HARVEST AND I'LL GET THE ORAGE CHICKEN..
LISA
From Manderan Cove?   Last time we ate there I was not stoked about the orange chicken.   But I could get something else if you want to go.  I was thinking about a Great Havest Sandwich.  Whatever though
yeah, i sort of want that orange chicken again...what do you think
What Up Gangstar?   You down to get lunch in a bit?  I am getting a little hungry, let me know.
peace,
Darren
yeah, i sort of want that orange chicken again...what do you think
What Up Gangstar?   You down to get lunch in a bit?  I am getting a little hungry, let me know.
peace,
Darren
Jennifer,
I made comment on the spreadsheet.  I saved your sheet under p:scheduling:settlement:12593 - BPA
Thanks,
Lisa
Lisa:
As discussed, please highlight those numbers that you disagree with and add a comments section describing why you disagree (i.e,. "per TAGG 
Thanks.
Jenny
I just faxed another copy.  I had total of 44 hours last week for your info.  Please let me know if you don't receive it.  Thanks.
Lisa
Icon Information Consultants
2424 W. Loop South
Ste. 525
Houston, Tx 77027
713-438-0919
713-438-0930 (fax)
timesheets@iconconsultants.com 
Everything looks great except for May 28th.  We had 2 hours of 25MW of txm.  It is supported under Tag #530 for your info.
Thanks 
Lisa  
Please reply to confirm totals
John Paulsen G4220
Western Area Power DSW
Power Scheduling
Paulsen@WAPA.GOV
602-352-2557
According to the scheduling sheet, deal#380414 is 400mw total.  This is a 50 mw deal.  25mw was booked out and 25 mw was physical under pwx tag.    Deal#381345 should be 600mw.
Hope this helps 
lisa
Lisa:
Houston found another small dispute for Dec. 2001 with BPA 
Please see the attached 
In sum, based on BPA's figures, it looks like we doubled up by adding numbers from the 25th to numbers for the 26th (hence, doubling the 26th)
According to them:
12/26
Deal 381345 = 600 MW total (not 1200) 
Deal 380414.1 = 200 MW total (not 400)
Please check the scheduling sheets and let me know if you agree.
Thanks!  Jenny
Kath, I know I'm not an Enron employee but if no one at Enron wants a spot, wanted to let you know I would be most interested in a spot.  Thank You!
lisa 
Portland Employees-
At this time Enron Portland has 5 parking spots allocated based on floor space and number of employees.  As UBS employees leave we do not automatically have the ability to take over their spots.  However, in renegotiating our lease with PGE we will address the possibility of taking over more that the 5 allocated spots.  We will keep you updated as to the progress of this.  For now, Khymberly Booth is checking into the availability of 1 or more of our spots and will offer any available spots to Portland employees based on Portland office seniority.  We will contact you individually if a spot becomes available.  If you have any questions please contact Kathy Sheppard or Khymberly Booth.
Thanks-
Khymberly Booth
Deal Number 796168 - 50 MW - $22.00
Deal Number 531786 - 50 MW - $113.00
The above deals are the only deals scheduled during the month of December at Mead 230 as follows:
Dec 1 - scheduled 100 mw under Tag#39123 and 39042
Dec 5 - scheduled 60 mw under Tag#39362, 39376  --  40mw was cut
Dec 25 and 26th - scheduled 100 mw under Tag#39746, 39747, 39741, 39745, 39767, 39768, 39758, 39759, 39769, 39770
Dec 27th and 29th - scheduled 100 mw under Tag#39790, 39785, 39784, 39783
Dec 30th and 31st - scheduled 100 mw under Tag#39851, 39852
January 1, there is a note in the scheduling sheet that MWD refused receiving power from us.
Hope this helps.
Lisa
Deal Number 796168 - 50 MW - $22.00
Deal Number 531786 - 50 MW - $113.00
The above deals are the only deals scheduled during the month of December at Mead 230 as follows:
Dec 1 - scheduled 100 mw under Tag#39123 and 39042
Dec 5 - scheduled 60 mw under Tag#39362, 39376  --  40mw was cut
Dec 25 and 26th - scheduled 100 mw under Tag#39746, 39747, 39741, 39745, 39767, 39768, 39758, 39759, 39769, 39770
Dec 27th and 29th - scheduled 100 mw under Tag#39790, 39785, 39784, 39783
Dec 30th and 31st - scheduled 100 mw under Tag#39851, 39852
January 1, there is a note in the scheduling sheet that MWD refused receiving power from us.
Hope this helps.
Lisa
Please add a new user for read only access as follows:
User Name:  Vol_Mgmt
Password:  pdx2hou
Please contact me at (503) 464-5070. My e-mail address is lisa.gang@ for questions.  In addition, please delete the following individuals name as they are no longer working at Enron:
Cara Semperger
Mike Purcell
Serena Bishop
Thank You 
dude, serious?  Portland...portland is sooooooooo lame....i can't help it if my parents decided to come off the boat here instead of some place in southern  CA...no i can't move back because i need family support...help me plan my next huge vacation...before law school....not too expensive but fun and relaxing...have any ideas?
lg
My last fun trip was to portland.  Going to see the folks for july 4.
DS
Doug Sewell
i'm going to las vegas in august for a couple of days with my sisters and mom...what do you think?....how about you?  when and where was your last trip for pleasure?
lisa 
nothing more than what the rags say...........when you traveling?  you need a trip do you have the scoop him?
lisa 
sad story, huh.  no dirt here, just clean living 
later
NUT AND HONEY....just being retarded again...sorry, didn't see your name on the last e-mail...so do you have any dirt to share with me?  What's up with the exec at EPME 
lisa
already have it...........what kind of trouble are you getting into today Thanks.
$2.00 is a fixed rate per MW.  It is a semi daily and monthly purchase.  In other words, we buy it daily, however they understand we need it on a monthly basis.  The price is the same for daily or monthly.  It seems rare we get cut on this transmission.  I've been here for about 4 months now and we have yet to be cut on this transmission.  This coming summer may be a different story.    Air Products is a Monday-Thursday deal.  We are currently purchasing at Midc to fill the position for Tuesday and Wednesday.  Hope this helps.
Lisa 
Thanks Lisa.  Is the $2 a fixed rate for every month or does it vary.  Also, do we buy that daily, monthly, or longer term than that?  Are there ever any problems with availability of the transmission (history of curtailments)?  Finally, what do we do with the extra power on the days Air Products doesn't take it (I think I remember the deal being for every day but Tuesdays and Wed or something strange like that)?  I know that is a lot of questions... Thanks for your help.
Steve
here you go
I purchase Snohomish Transmission to deliver power from MID C to Montana sys. The Transmission cost is $2.00 per mw. This cost is added in addition to the power price at MID C. The Air Products deal is at MID C.  We fill this position by purchasing at MID C.  I hope this helps. 
Lisa Hi Lisa,
I am working on a Hedging Activity Report that will be sent to E&Y on a weekly basis.  I think Mo is out of the office so I heard that you might be the right person to ask for help.  For the first week, I am using a spreadsheet that Mo sent where he bought some July power at MID C.  It looks like the MID C power along with our NW Del length makes us flat for July at MID C and Montana System Border as well.  My questions are:
How does power flow between MID C and the other delivery points (like Montana)?
Do we incur a transmission cost on top of what he bought the power for?
We are actually a little long (960 MWh) b/c of the Air Products deal that is a little unique ... what happens to this length?
If it's easier to explain over the phone, please give me a call at 713-853-4748.  Thanks for your help.
Steve 
do you have the scoop him?
lisa 
sad story, huh.  no dirt here, just clean living 
later
NUT AND HONEY....just being retarded again...sorry, didn't see your name on the last e-mail...so do you have any dirt to share with me?  What's up with the exec at EPME 
lisa
already have it...........what kind of trouble are you getting into today Thanks.
$2.00 is a fixed rate per MW.  It is a semi daily and monthly purchase.  In other words, we buy it daily, however they understand we need it on a monthly basis.  The price is the same for daily or monthly.  It seems rare we get cut on this transmission.  I've been here for about 4 months now and we have yet to be cut on this transmission.  This coming summer may be a different story.    Air Products is a Monday-Thursday deal.  We are currently purchasing at Midc to fill the position for Tuesday and Wednesday.  Hope this helps.
Lisa 
Thanks Lisa.  Is the $2 a fixed rate for every month or does it vary.  Also, do we buy that daily, monthly, or longer term than that?  Are there ever any problems with availability of the transmission (history of curtailments)?  Finally, what do we do with the extra power on the days Air Products doesn't take it (I think I remember the deal being for every day but Tuesdays and Wed or something strange like that)?  I know that is a lot of questions... Thanks for your help.
Steve
here you go
I purchase Snohomish Transmission to deliver power from MID C to Montana sys. The Transmission cost is $2.00 per mw. This cost is added in addition to the power price at MID C. The Air Products deal is at MID C.  We fill this position by purchasing at MID C.  I hope this helps. 
Lisa Hi Lisa,
I am working on a Hedging Activity Report that will be sent to E&Y on a weekly basis.  I think Mo is out of the office so I heard that you might be the right person to ask for help.  For the first week, I am using a spreadsheet that Mo sent where he bought some July power at MID C.  It looks like the MID C power along with our NW Del length makes us flat for July at MID C and Montana System Border as well.  My questions are:
How does power flow between MID C and the other delivery points (like Montana)?
Do we incur a transmission cost on top of what he bought the power for?
We are actually a little long (960 MWh) b/c of the Air Products deal that is a little unique ... what happens to this length?
If it's easier to explain over the phone, please give me a call at 713-853-4748.  Thanks for your help.
Steve 
NUT AND HONEY....just being retarded again...sorry, didn't see your name on the last e-mail...so do you have any dirt to share with me?  What's up with the exec at EPME 
lisa
already have it...........what kind of trouble are you getting into today Thanks.
$2.00 is a fixed rate per MW.  It is a semi daily and monthly purchase.  In other words, we buy it daily, however they understand we need it on a monthly basis.  The price is the same for daily or monthly.  It seems rare we get cut on this transmission.  I've been here for about 4 months now and we have yet to be cut on this transmission.  This coming summer may be a different story.    Air Products is a Monday-Thursday deal.  We are currently purchasing at Midc to fill the position for Tuesday and Wednesday.  Hope this helps.
Lisa 
Thanks Lisa.  Is the $2 a fixed rate for every month or does it vary.  Also, do we buy that daily, monthly, or longer term than that?  Are there ever any problems with availability of the transmission (history of curtailments)?  Finally, what do we do with the extra power on the days Air Products doesn't take it (I think I remember the deal being for every day but Tuesdays and Wed or something strange like that)?  I know that is a lot of questions... Thanks for your help.
Steve
here you go
I purchase Snohomish Transmission to deliver power from MID C to Montana sys. The Transmission cost is $2.00 per mw. This cost is added in addition to the power price at MID C. The Air Products deal is at MID C.  We fill this position by purchasing at MID C.  I hope this helps. 
Lisa Hi Lisa,
I am working on a Hedging Activity Report that will be sent to E&Y on a weekly basis.  I think Mo is out of the office so I heard that you might be the right person to ask for help.  For the first week, I am using a spreadsheet that Mo sent where he bought some July power at MID C.  It looks like the MID C power along with our NW Del length makes us flat for July at MID C and Montana System Border as well.  My questions are:
How does power flow between MID C and the other delivery points (like Montana)?
Do we incur a transmission cost on top of what he bought the power for?
We are actually a little long (960 MWh) b/c of the Air Products deal that is a little unique ... what happens to this length?
If it's easier to explain over the phone, please give me a call at 713-853-4748.  Thanks for your help.
Steve 
Thanks.
$2.00 is a fixed rate per MW.  It is a semi daily and monthly purchase.  In other words, we buy it daily, however they understand we need it on a monthly basis.  The price is the same for daily or monthly.  It seems rare we get cut on this transmission.  I've been here for about 4 months now and we have yet to be cut on this transmission.  This coming summer may be a different story.    Air Products is a Monday-Thursday deal.  We are currently purchasing at Midc to fill the position for Tuesday and Wednesday.  Hope this helps.
Lisa 
Thanks Lisa.  Is the $2 a fixed rate for every month or does it vary.  Also, do we buy that daily, monthly, or longer term than that?  Are there ever any problems with availability of the transmission (history of curtailments)?  Finally, what do we do with the extra power on the days Air Products doesn't take it (I think I remember the deal being for every day but Tuesdays and Wed or something strange like that)?  I know that is a lot of questions... Thanks for your help.
Steve
here you go
I purchase Snohomish Transmission to deliver power from MID C to Montana sys. The Transmission cost is $2.00 per mw. This cost is added in addition to the power price at MID C. The Air Products deal is at MID C.  We fill this position by purchasing at MID C.  I hope this helps. 
Lisa Hi Lisa,
I am working on a Hedging Activity Report that will be sent to E&Y on a weekly basis.  I think Mo is out of the office so I heard that you might be the right person to ask for help.  For the first week, I am using a spreadsheet that Mo sent where he bought some July power at MID C.  It looks like the MID C power along with our NW Del length makes us flat for July at MID C and Montana System Border as well.  My questions are:
How does power flow between MID C and the other delivery points (like Montana)?
Do we incur a transmission cost on top of what he bought the power for?
We are actually a little long (960 MWh) b/c of the Air Products deal that is a little unique ... what happens to this length?
If it's easier to explain over the phone, please give me a call at 713-853-4748.  Thanks for your help.
Steve 
Please add Julie Sarnowski and Darren Cavanaugh to this list.  Their e-mail address is :
julie.sarnowski@
darren.cavanaugh@
Thank You
lisa
see attached
yeah okay...ill be waiting
lisa
sorry you can't make it. it'd be fun to have you and i'm sure everyone would
like to see you, especially kim and suzanne. i'm travelling a good part of
next week. let's shoot for the following week.
hey sweet cheeks....how the hell are ya????how's BPA?  i bet you will do so
well there...let me know when you become the next vp of power...hey i'm not
going to make it your party...i completely flaked....  can we get together
for lunch or dinner next week?  i would love to see ya 
lisa
$2.00 is a fixed rate per MW.  It is a semi daily and monthly purchase.  In other words, we buy it daily, however they understand we need it on a monthly basis.  The price is the same for daily or monthly.  It seems rare we get cut on this transmission.  I've been here for about 4 months now and we have yet to be cut on this transmission.  This coming summer may be a different story.    Air Products is a Monday-Thursday deal.  We are currently purchasing at Midc to fill the position for Tuesday and Wednesday.  Hope this helps.
Lisa 
Thanks Lisa.  Is the $2 a fixed rate for every month or does it vary.  Also, do we buy that daily, monthly, or longer term than that?  Are there ever any problems with availability of the transmission (history of curtailments)?  Finally, what do we do with the extra power on the days Air Products doesn't take it (I think I remember the deal being for every day but Tuesdays and Wed or something strange like that)?  I know that is a lot of questions... Thanks for your help.
Steve
here you go
I purchase Snohomish Transmission to deliver power from MID C to Montana sys. The Transmission cost is $2.00 per mw. This cost is added in addition to the power price at MID C. The Air Products deal is at MID C.  We fill this position by purchasing at MID C.  I hope this helps. 
Lisa Hi Lisa,
I am working on a Hedging Activity Report that will be sent to E&Y on a weekly basis.  I think Mo is out of the office so I heard that you might be the right person to ask for help.  For the first week, I am using a spreadsheet that Mo sent where he bought some July power at MID C.  It looks like the MID C power along with our NW Del length makes us flat for July at MID C and Montana System Border as well.  My questions are:
How does power flow between MID C and the other delivery points (like Montana)?
Do we incur a transmission cost on top of what he bought the power for?
We are actually a little long (960 MWh) b/c of the Air Products deal that is a little unique ... what happens to this length?
If it's easier to explain over the phone, please give me a call at 713-853-4748.  Thanks for your help.
Steve 
I purchase Snohomish Transmission to deliver power from MID C to Montana sys. The Transmission cost is $2.00 per mw. This cost is added in addition to the power price at MID C. The Air Products deal is at MID C.  We fill this position by purchasing at MID C.  I hope this helps. 
Lisa Hi Lisa,
I am working on a Hedging Activity Report that will be sent to E&Y on a weekly basis.  I think Mo is out of the office so I heard that you might be the right person to ask for help.  For the first week, I am using a spreadsheet that Mo sent where he bought some July power at MID C.  It looks like the MID C power along with our NW Del length makes us flat for July at MID C and Montana System Border as well.  My questions are:
How does power flow between MID C and the other delivery points (like Montana)?
Do we incur a transmission cost on top of what he bought the power for?
We are actually a little long (960 MWh) b/c of the Air Products deal that is a little unique ... what happens to this length?
If it's easier to explain over the phone, please give me a call at 713-853-4748.  Thanks for your help.
Steve 
Hello Ed,
The contact person at Sempra is Tim Cannon and fax number is (203)355-6600.  For your info, their phone number is (203)355-5190.
Lisa
I have one Sempra confirm dated May 30 for Enron's Mid-C purchase of 50 MW's of HLH energy 7/1-31. Can you email the Sempra fax number and contact name of who it needs to be sent to?
Thanks.
dude, there is hardly nothing to do anymore.  not sure why they want to hire susie, i guess just in case i drop dead they want to have a backup...but i told them Darrin can be my backup....anyway...who knows...whatever...i think going back to school is good for everyone...its hard i know its going to be so hard for me...i'm going to be so broke....oh well...its only for 3 years....have to study my ass off...don't even know where to start...its been 15 years since college for me...what is a girl to do...How's Jess...what the hell is he doing now? lets get together soon...you might have to teach me how to study  
lisa 
Lisa Still fighting with the Mo-Jo huh??  How is everything going, are you able to leave with a smile on your face everyday?  Awesome that Susie is coming back, that should be fun for you guys, get the old team back together!!  Good luck with Law school, I think that is a fabulous idea, I think I might go back to school as well, but for what I am not yet certain.  I miss you too, we should get together in the relatively near future.  Say hi to Julie for me, Serena
I'm great except for you know who...god we fight every day...it is so funny...what's going on with you?  you don't want to come back here do you?  i wish you would have stayed...apparently, they hired another consultant, remember Susie..she is going to work part time...we are not busy here at all..we terminated NEVP and SPP so i'm usually done by 11:00...talk with Murray...hows everything else going?  i miss you...i'm thinking about going to law school...crazy, huh but i figure this is my only opportunity to go back to school..i hope all's well...hang in there...its tough times but things always happens for a reason...let me know whats up  
[Gang, Lisa] 
Lisa - How the heck are you??  Need a scheduler?? Serena 
Serena Bishop 
Financial Analyst 
Merant 
503.617.2815 
I just refaxed it.  For your information, my total hours is 49. 
I haven't received it yet?
Icon Information Consultants
2424 W. Loop South
Houston, Tx 77027
713-438-0919
713-438-0930 (fax)
timesheets@iconconsultants.com  just faxed it to you...please let me know if don't receive it.
lisa
Icon Information Consultants
2424 W. Loop South
Houston, Tx 77027
713-438-0919
713-438-0930 (fax)
timesheets@iconconsultants.com 
just faxed it to you...please let me know if don't receive it.
lisa
Icon Information Consultants
2424 W. Loop South
Houston, Tx 77027
713-438-0919
713-438-0930 (fax)
timesheets@iconconsultants.com 
I'm great except for you know who...god we fight every day...it is so funny...what's going on with you?  you don't want to come back here do you?  i wish you would have stayed...apparently, they hired another consultant, remember Susie..she is going to work part time...we are not busy here at all..we terminated NEVP and SPP so i'm usually done by 11:00...talk with Murray...hows everything else going?  i miss you...i'm thinking about going to law school...crazy, huh but i figure this is my only opportunity to go back to school..i hope all's well...hang in there...its tough times but things always happens for a reason...let me know whats up  
[Gang, Lisa] 
Lisa - How the heck are you??  Need a scheduler?? Serena 
Serena Bishop 
Financial Analyst 
Merant 
503.617.2815 
All-
We are having a going away lunch for Susan Rance tomorrow, Thursday May 9, 2002 at the Rock Bottom Brewery.  The reservations are for 11:45 am and under Susan Rance's name.  They have requested to have only one check for the table 
Please join us in wishing Susan an awesome farewell to sunny San Diego!
Please let us know if you can make it so we can reserve enough seats.
ACTUALLY I THINK I CAN JUST USE THE CURRENT EXCEL SPREADSHEET BY UTILIZING THE FILTER.  THANKS FOR YOUR HELP.
LISA
I have several people working on coming up with a way to do this. As soon as I have something, I will let you know.
Michael S Tully
Trade Floor Support Specialist
Enron, Portland
thanks, you are the best.
Lisa-
The deal is fixed.
V
hey sweet cheeks....how the hell are ya????how's BPA?  i bet you will do so well there...let me know when you become the next vp of power...hey i'm not going to make it your party...i completely flaked....  can we get together for lunch or dinner next week?  i would love to see ya 
lisa
Paul, 
so what company are you with now?  Hopefully not with the State...Hope alls well.
lisa 
Hello everybody,
I am no longer with the company called Zairmail.  My new email address is
paulpdx@msn.com.
Hope all is well.  As always, I look forward to hearing from you!
Paul
Julie S has it.
Lisa,
Do you know what happened to the IMAX umbrella you borrowed last month?   Gordon is trying to track it down.
Thanks,
Kathy
thank you,
lisa
Steve, let me know if this is going to work for you.  My original rate included some major documentation but I don't think you need it.
Thank you, Thank you very much....go home!
Lisa
Steve,
Let me know if this is going to work for you. My original rate included some major documentation but I don't think you will need it  
Thank You!  Don't work too hard.
Lisa 
On April 21st and April 22nd, Pat Kelley from BPA prescheduling group called and informed me we were curtailed by a total of 12 mw for HE 7-22 for April 22nd at COB.  Accordingly, we purchased 12 mw from Avista to cover our position.  At 1:00 p.m, April 22, Rob called from BPA and informed me they made a mistake with the hours of the curtailment and that it was only supposed to be cut HE 7-20 and not HE 21-22.  Therefore, BPA will not charge 12 mw for 2 hours on April 22nd.
The deal numbers are as follows:  deal#153325(2mw),153327(2mw),305699(4mw) and 305700(4mw)
If you have any questions, please see me.
Lisa
HEY, HOWS MY FAVORITE?  ALREADY PUT HIM ON THE LIST.  I HOPE ALLS WELL WITH YOU 
LISA  
Hi Lisa,
How's everything.  Could you please add Manny Bela to your schedule
distribution list.  His e-mail is mbela@epelectric.com.  Thank you.
Its done. Thanks! 
Lisa
Lisa, can you please included Manny Bela (mbela@epelectric.com)  on your
distribution list.  He'll be doing checkouts on Thursday & Friday of this
week (April 18 & 19).
Thank you.
Greg Grill
Bulk Power Specialist
El Paso Electric Company
System Operations Department
Phone: (915) 543-4040
Fax: (915) 521-4763
O:\Portland\WestDesk\Middlemarket\Administrative_Info\Coverage\Chris Foster\Fixed PRice Business\2001\Sep01
I live day by day now.  I have no idea...At the minimum through the end of May. I 'm trying to save as much as I can so that i can take another couple of month when this gig is over.  whatever....How are you?  They better be treating you good or else?  I miss working with you guys.  we need to be sure we keep in touch.  How's Steve?  I heard he was having problems with his back?
luv ya 
Lisa  
Thank you.
Have have you been?  How long are you going to be there?  Do you know yet?
Kathy
Kathy Peterson
El Paso Electric Company
123 W. Mills
El Paso, TX  79901
(915) 543-2039
(915) 521-4751 (fax)
"Gang, Lisa  
I'll do it for a small fee :-) Hope all's well.
Lisa
Hi Lisa,
Could you add MACEVE1@epelectric.com to your distribution list.
Thanks,
Kathy
Kathy Peterson
El Paso Electric Company
123 W. Mills
El Paso, TX  79901
(915) 543-2039
(915) 521-4751 (fax)
I think Mo handled this.
lisa
Lisa:
Do you know if this issue was resolved ---did we verify how we charge BPA for LDs?
Thanks!  Jenny
What matters is what the contract indicates. What is the Enpower deal confirmation number? I will have someone pull the contract to determine EPMI's rights as it relates to charging BPA LD's.
Virgina, correct me if I'm wrong, I believe BPA has special rules when energy is curtailed.  Instead of us charging them with liquidated damages, BPA will not bill for the hours curtailed.  I track and record the cuts by modifying the deal in deal scheduling so that settlement is aware of the cuts.
lisa  
I assume that on all cuts on COB deliveries that we are charging BPA liquidated damages. In this case $3.50/MWhr for 6/18. Please let me know if this is not the case. Also, how do we track and record COB non-delivery LD's for BPA's? 
We were cut 40 MW today by BPA for peak hours on 6/18 at COB on enpower deal number 305699. Lisa purchased replacement power from Avista at $30. Enpower 897712
We presold power to Avista at $33.50 for the month and are now buying it back from them at $30 to book out.  Of course, BPA should not charge us for the 27.25 supply price under their contract.
Mo Elafandi 
I'll do it for a small fee :-) Hope all's well.
Lisa
Hi Lisa,
Could you add MACEVE1@epelectric.com to your distribution list.
Thanks,
Kathy
Kathy Peterson
El Paso Electric Company
123 W. Mills
El Paso, TX  79901
(915) 543-2039
(915) 521-4751 (fax)
Hello.  Please add Julie Sarnowski to this e-mail list.  Her e-mail address is julie.sarnowski@.
Thanks
lis
DUDE, I'LL MEET YOU AT YOUR HOUSE.  I WANT TO SEE WHAT IT LOOKS LIKE.
Right on, works for me, just call me when you get off and I can meet you there, or we can meet at the house, I live a couple blocks from there.
Just take Macadam south all the way out, it turns into Highway 43, and follow it through Lake Oswego.  Once you pass Marylhurst College, you'll see a Burgerville on your left, Buggati's will be just past the Burgerville about a block and 1/2 on the left. It has a green and white sign in front.  If there is no parking available in the front lot, you can park in the Starbuck's and McDonald's lot.
If you want to come to house  - go about a half a block past Buggatti's, you will see McDonald's, that's Walling Way, turn left and follow the road down to Old River Rd., turn left onto Old River and go over 3 speed bumps.  Robin View Drive will be the next street on your right, turn right and we are the third house on the right, 3680 Robin View Dr.  Blue/Green house with white trim and bricks lining the yard.
OKAY..HOW AOBUT TUESDAY
Whenever you are ready.  Mo is gone until Thursday, come out to Bugatti's in West Linn, you'd love the place, the food and drinks are awesome.  What's your MSN, I can't find it in the directory
MSN..WASSS UP???WHEN ARE WE GOING TO HAVE THAT DRINK??
so do you have an msn or aol  ID?
Diane O'Neil
UBS Warburg Energy, LLC
Power Pre-Scheduling
503-464-3831 desk
503-702-7273 cell
OKAY..HOW AOBUT TUESDAY
Whenever you are ready.  Mo is gone until Thursday, come out to Bugatti's in West Linn, you'd love the place, the food and drinks are awesome.  What's your MSN, I can't find it in the directory
MSN..WASSS UP???WHEN ARE WE GOING TO HAVE THAT DRINK??
so do you have an msn or aol  ID?
Diane O'Neil
UBS Warburg Energy, LLC
Power Pre-Scheduling
503-464-3831 desk
503-702-7273 cell
MSN..WASSS UP???WHEN ARE WE GOING TO HAVE THAT DRINK??
so do you have an msn or aol  ID?
Diane O'Neil
UBS Warburg Energy, LLC
Power Pre-Scheduling
503-464-3831 desk
503-702-7273 cell
Market Participants:
Please assure that this information is forwarded to your respective
Pre-Scheduling, Real Time Dispatch and Metering Operations 
The transition to Daylight Savings Time is rapidly approaching.  In
preparation ISO Market Operations has provided the following Scheduling
Procedure to help assure a smooth transition.  The Scheduling Procedure is
the same one used in 2001. 
CAISO Scheduling Procedure for Daylight Savings Time
Transition 
The following is a brief explanation of how SC's should
prepare schedules for submission to the CAISO Scheduling Infrastructure (SI)
system for the upcoming conversion to Daylight Savings Time commencing on
4/7/01.
When submitting preferred or revised preferred schedules for
Trade Date 4/7/01, which is considered a "Short" day, SC's should  schedule
all 24 hours of information with the data for HE03 being zero.
The ISO's System Applications (SA) do not read or write data
from/to the SI database for the "Short" day's HE03.  Therefore, no data will
be sent to settlements for this hour.  Consequently, settlements will have
only 23 records for this "Short" day, Trade Date 4/7/01.
If you have additional Scheduling questions for this trade
date, please contact Alek Kandybenko, ISO Market Operations (916)351-2213.
CAISO Metering Procedure for Daylight Savings Time
Transition 
The ISO receives all Settlement Quality Meter Data (SQMD) in
PST, year around.
Therefore, the transition to DST should require no
modification to meter data submission.
However, please confirm and assure that all SQMD meter data
continues to be submitted to ISO MDAS in PST.
If you have additional ISO Metering questions for this trade
date, please contact  ISO MDAS OPERATIONS, @ (916) 351-4431.
For any other questions please contact your Client Representative.
CRCommunications.0621
Client Relations Communications
The correct date is 4/07/02.
We are still having some problems.  Julie Sarnowski will be autoscheduling everyday from now on.  Please call Julie if you have any problems.  Her phone number is (503) 464-8122 or you can e-mail her.  Thanks!
Lisa
Lisa, 
Are you still having problems with Enpower?  It is essential that every day is scheduled in Enpower, for us to report the correct MTM P&L, which we are doing on a daily basis.  Please let me know if there is anything I can do.
Laurel
713-853-4873
Julie, this is about autoscheduling.  Can you make sure everything is autoscheduled.  Ask Paul if system is not working.
Lisa 
Lisa, 
Are you still having problems with Enpower?  It is essential that every day is scheduled in Enpower, for us to report the correct MTM P&L, which we are doing on a daily basis.  Please let me know if there is anything I can do.
Laurel
713-853-4873
Maybe God wants us to meet a
few wrong people before meeting
the right one so that when we finally
meet the right person, we will know
how to be grateful for that gift.
When the door of happiness closes,
another opens, but often times we look
so long at the closed door that we don't
see the one which has been opened for us.
The best kind of friend is the kind you
can sit on a porch and swing with,
never say a word, and then walk away
feeling like it was the best
conversation you've ever had.
It's true that we don't know what we've
got until we lose it, but it's also true
that we don't know what we've been
missing until it arrives.
Giving someone all your love is never an
assurance that they'll love you back.
Don't expect love in return; just wait
for it to grow in their heart.
But if it doesn't, be content it grew in yours.
It takes only a minute to get a crush on someone,
an hour to like someone, and a day to love someone,
but it takes a lifetime to forget someone.
Don't go for looks; they can deceive.
Don't go for wealth; even that fades away.
Go for someone who makes you smile because it
takes only a smile to make a dark day seem bright.
Find the one that makes your heart smile.
There are moments in life when you miss someone
so much that you just want to pick them from
your dreams and hug them for real.
Dream what you want to dream; go where you
want to go; be what you want to be,
because you have only one life and one
chance to do all the things you want to do.
Always put yourself in others' shoes.
If you feel that it hurts you,
it probably hurts the other person too.
The happiest of people don't necessarily
have the best of everything;
they just make the most of everything that
comes along their way.
The brightest future will always be based
on a forgotten past, you can't go on well
in life until you let go of your past
failures and heartaches.
When you were born, you were crying and
everyone around you was smiling.
Live your life so that when you die,
you're the one who is smiling and
everyone around you is crying.
(just a reminder 
_____  
_____  
Download exciting Logos <  Picture Messages <  & Ringtones <  for your mobile phone new 
HEY WASSSUPPP?  YEAH, CAN YOU BELIEVE IT?  THEY NEEDED ME BACK SO I TOLD THEM I WOULD COME BACK AS A CONSULTANT.  HOW ARE YA???HOPE ALLS WELL.  GOOD TO HEAR FROM YOU.  YEAH LIFE'S BEEN REALLY BIZARRRRR FOR ME...TAKING IT ONE DAY AT A TIME.  YA KNOW WHAT I MEAN...NOT SURE WHAT I WANT TO DO NEXT...I'LL PROBABLY HAVE THIS GIG FOR ANOTHER COUPLE OF MONTH.  HOWS THE OLD HAG, OH I MEAN THE WIFE 
LISA
Are you working there again?
Thanks Rhonda.  Yes you are right, it is 55 hours.  Sorry. 
Lisa 
Lisa,
I know you are busy. I thought I would email you, so you don't have to call me back later..
Rhonda wanted me to let you know that we are checking into the state tax question you had yesterday. She had to call Oregon Tax Commission and she is waiting for them to call her back. She said that it won't go into effect this paycheck, but we should hopefully know something soon. 
Also, I wanted to clarify your hours on last week's timesheet. I am coming up with 55 hours instead of 57. 
Have a good day!!
Talk to you later!
Icon Information Consultants
2424 W. Loop South
Houston, Tx 77027
713-438-0919
713-438-0930 (fax)
timesheets@iconconsultants.com 
What is your email address.  Is there a space between Tom and Ward?
Lisa
please add me to your mailing list.
>> "Gang, Lisa Here is a recap of what happened for April 1st 
NCPA, scheduling coordinator for City of Oakland called 3/30 and 3/31 regarding the 5MW flat schedule we sold to them at NP15.  They informed me that the subject contract is terminated and therefore will not submit it through ISO.  I called Mo and Murray and they informed that the contract is still valid and therefore keep the schedule in.  ISO called 3/31 A.M and informed me NCPA and Enron will have to settle it.  Murray called NCPA and they agreed to put in the 5MW schedule for April 1.  For April 2nd and through the end of the month, we will not submit the 5MW until we hear different from legal.
Lisa
THANK YOU!
LISA
Lisa,
You should have access during the weekend hours.  Let me know if you have questions. 
Julie K
This is done.
~Valerie
Corporate Security
1WTCBR08
121 SW Salmon St.
Portland, OR 97204
503-464-8600
1-800-524-7248
>> "Kearney, Julie"  Valerie,
Please give Lisa Gang 24 x 7 access to 3WTC 4th floor - Enron. Please confirm when access has been changed.
If you have any questions, please contact me ASAP.  Thank you
__________________________
Julie Kearney
ENA Human Resources
503) 464-7404
julie.kearney@
will do.  Thanks.
lisa
It looks good now.  If we ever have this problem again,  could you please call and let me know.  (713-853-4873).  We use the numbers for the power reports every morning and we do not know if they numbers are not correct.
Thanks,
Laurel
I just re autoscheduled the 26th.  Let me know.  Thanks
lisa
I can see every day except yesterday.  Are you completely done with the autoshcedule process for that day?  Is so can we rerun it?
Laurel
Laurel, I just auto scheduled through the 29th.  We have had major system problems, We apologize for the delay.  Let me know if this worked.  I'm still not 100% confident regarding our system.
lisa
Do you know when you will have yesterday scheduled?  We need that info to complete our daily reports and I need to let some people know when they will be available?
Thanks,
Laurel
Luarel,
Lisa Gang schedules on the WEST.
She promissed to schedule for the last 2 days right now.
I don't have her tel.number, she is not in peoplefinder.
Thanks,
Kroum
x39980
I am not sure what you  are asking, but we run this report everyday for the east and west performance books and there is always liquidations.  Today (for 3-26-2002) we are only able to see liquidations for the east book and I am certain there are liquidations for the west book also.
Laurel
I am looking at that.
The last schedule strip for that desk has ToDate  3/24/2002.
Was WEST and that desk scheduled ?
KK
Do you have an estimate of when we can run the PSCNA for West?  (East ran with information, it was just west that was a problem.)  We need to send out our reports that include that information in the next hour.
Thanks,
Laurel
Laurel,
Please, give me the parameters and the error you are getting with PCSNA.
Thanks,
Kroum
x39980
I just re autoscheduled the 26th.  Let me know.  Thanks
lisa
I can see every day except yesterday.  Are you completely done with the autoshcedule process for that day?  Is so can we rerun it?
Laurel
Laurel, I just auto scheduled through the 29th.  We have had major system problems, We apologize for the delay.  Let me know if this worked.  I'm still not 100% confident regarding our system.
lisa
Do you know when you will have yesterday scheduled?  We need that info to complete our daily reports and I need to let some people know when they will be available?
Thanks,
Laurel
Luarel,
Lisa Gang schedules on the WEST.
She promissed to schedule for the last 2 days right now.
I don't have her tel.number, she is not in peoplefinder.
Thanks,
Kroum
x39980
I am not sure what you  are asking, but we run this report everyday for the east and west performance books and there is always liquidations.  Today (for 3-26-2002) we are only able to see liquidations for the east book and I am certain there are liquidations for the west book also.
Laurel
I am looking at that.
The last schedule strip for that desk has ToDate  3/24/2002.
Was WEST and that desk scheduled ?
KK
Do you have an estimate of when we can run the PSCNA for West?  (East ran with information, it was just west that was a problem.)  We need to send out our reports that include that information in the next hour.
Thanks,
Laurel
Laurel,
Please, give me the parameters and the error you are getting with PCSNA.
Thanks,
Kroum
x39980
Laurel, I just auto scheduled through the 29th.  We have had major system problems, We apologize for the delay.  Let me know if this worked.  I'm still not 100% confident regarding our system.
lisa
Do you know when you will have yesterday scheduled?  We need that info to complete our daily reports and I need to let some people know when they will be available?
Thanks,
Laurel
Luarel,
Lisa Gang schedules on the WEST.
She promissed to schedule for the last 2 days right now.
I don't have her tel.number, she is not in peoplefinder.
Thanks,
Kroum
x39980
I am not sure what you  are asking, but we run this report everyday for the east and west performance books and there is always liquidations.  Today (for 3-26-2002) we are only able to see liquidations for the east book and I am certain there are liquidations for the west book also.
Laurel
I am looking at that.
The last schedule strip for that desk has ToDate  3/24/2002.
Was WEST and that desk scheduled ?
KK
Do you have an estimate of when we can run the PSCNA for West?  (East ran with information, it was just west that was a problem.)  We need to send out our reports that include that information in the next hour.
Thanks,
Laurel
Laurel,
Please, give me the parameters and the error you are getting with PCSNA.
Thanks,
Kroum
x39980
Earl  
Todd Perry has left Enron.  Lisa Gang will be your contact for ISO Scheduling/forecasting.  Her number is 503-464-5070.  Her e-mail address is lisa.gang@ I apologize for the inconvenience.
Caroline Emmert
Specialist
Greetings:
The following e-mail was just returned to me. Is Todd Perry is no longer with Enron?  Todd was our most recent contact along with Carolyn Emmert.  Who is our contract now?  Who can respond to the questions noted in my e-mail to Todd - as shown below?
Earl Bouse 
Hanson Permanente Cement
Dear Todd:
Brad Carson and I contacted you by phone last week, but we were only able to access your voice mail. Our voice mail message asked you to contact us as soon as possible.  We need to have a conference or meeting to begin the true up of your invoices with the ISO charges that should be available on our November 2001 bill by this time.
In addition, the cement plant is no longer able to access anyone at Enron with our daily power forecast. This morning, we received this report from the Permanente cement plant:
Over the last two weeks, each of the three Enron recipients of the our daily power forecast have been dropping off line.  What I mean is that the E-mails return to me as undelivered.  Chris Foster (503-464-3822) no longer works for Enron, but he was kind enough to inform me that the other two recipients, Lester Rawson and Serena Bishop, also longer work for Enron.  Foster related that as far as he knows, the program was cancelled and we are buying or selling power based solely on our historical usage with no forecasting at all. 
Todd, please call me.  We must determine who the contact is going to be for the cement plant and how we are going to resolve (true up) the billing.
Sincerely, 
Earl Bouse 
Hanson Permanente Cement
Hanson Aggregates Mid-Pacific
925.426.4084  Direct Dial                      925.426.4060  Fax
Earl.Bouse@HansonAmerica.com     earlbouse@aol.com
Paul,
We need to make a small change in Edwards, AFB schedule for March 2002
for the Excess hourly schedule (accounting line # 4783).  Since we will
not be having any excess energy to schedule in the month of April 2002
the HE 24  for March 31st will need to be changed from 2 MWs to 0 MWs. 
I would suggest that HE 5 and HE 6 be increased by 1 MW each hour to new
total of  2 MWs each hour.  The reason for doing this is for control
area check out between WAPA in Mountain Standard Time and SCE in Pacific
Standard Time.  We cannot have any excess energy accounted for in April
by SCE in its control area 
I've attached a revised schedule with the March 31 adjustment described
above.  We need to make this change and provide to SCE no later than COB
Thursday, March 28th.  Let me know if you want to implement the change
in the manner that I've done.  Thanks for your help. 
PRETTY POWERFUL...THANX  
LISA
Maybe God wants us to meet a
few wrong people before meeting
the right one so that when we finally
meet the right person, we will know
how to be grateful for that gift.
When the door of happiness closes,
another opens, but often times we look
so long at the closed door that we don't
see the one which has been opened for us.
The best kind of friend is the kind you
can sit on a porch and swing with,
never say a word, and then walk away
feeling like it was the best
conversation you've ever had.
It's true that we don't know what we've
got until we lose it, but it's also true
that we don't know what we've been
missing until it arrives.
Giving someone all your love is never an
assurance that they'll love you back.
Don't expect love in return; just wait
for it to grow in their heart.
But if it doesn't, be content it grew in yours.
It takes only a minute to get a crush on someone,
an hour to like someone, and a day to love someone,
but it takes a lifetime to forget someone.
Don't go for looks; they can deceive.
Don't go for wealth; even that fades away.
Go for someone who makes you smile because it
takes only a smile to make a dark day seem bright.
Find the one that makes your heart smile.
There are moments in life when you miss someone
so much that you just want to pick them from
your dreams and hug them for real.
Dream what you want to dream; go where you
want to go; be what you want to be,
because you have only one life and one
chance to do all the things you want to do.
Always put yourself in others' shoes.
If you feel that it hurts you,
it probably hurts the other person too.
The happiest of people don't necessarily
have the best of everything;
they just make the most of everything that
comes along their way.
The brightest future will always be based
on a forgotten past, you can't go on well
in life until you let go of your past
failures and heartaches.
When you were born, you were crying and
everyone around you was smiling.
Live your life so that when you die,
you're the one who is smiling and
everyone around you is crying.
(just a reminder 
_____  
_____  
Download exciting Logos <  Picture Messages <  & Ringtones <  for your mobile phone new 
Lisa, here is a sample of what Jesse Bryson was doing on the monthly
schedule activity, basically just took the applicable Enron monthly schedule
from the contract package and added it to the WAPA hydro monthly schedule, I
have given your Name/number to Lynn Garrett who is our WAPA POC for this,
the Enron allocation (per contract) must be 25% green energy, certifable
with green tags for use at Edwards I'll be in touch, 
Paul Weaver
Base Energy Manager
Edwards AFB
661-277-4826
Paul,
Attached is the December model  which shows EAFB approx. 574 MWh short
on Mid-Peak and 1345 MWh long on Off-Peak. I intend to monitor it every
couple days to see how this years load compares to last year and perhaps
we can make an adjustment accordingly. I have also attached the Hydro
schedule I sent to WAPA and SCE. As Elliot mentioned, we will continue
to keep you posted as developments occur here at Enron. 
,
Jesse
Lisa,
Paul asked that I relay the contractual information for developing the
Edwards AFB Parker-Davis hourly schedule for April that will need to be
completed no later than COB Thursday, March 28 
Contract Rate of Delivery for April = 18,285 kW
Firm Electric Service = 8,809,000 kWh (Energy Accounting Line # 4782)
Non-Firm Interuptable Service = 0 kWh (Energy Accounting Line # 4783)
Minimum Off-Peak Firm Electric Service = 4,571 kW
Minimum Off-Peak Firm Electric Service Energy = 1,389,660 kWh
I've attached a Firm Electric Service Schedule that would meet the
above contractual requirements for your review.
Please contact me at (602) 352-2678 or lgarrett@wapa.gov if you have
questions.  Once you have the hourly Parker-Davis Firm Electric Service
schedule prepared please forward to CBristow@wapa.gov and
presched@sce.com and myself.  Thank.
Oh my god, i'm free tonight...lets go.....when do you get off?
Lisa
Hey chic
What are you doing tonight for dinner? Mo isn't getting in until 8:30, so I'm a loner, and he is gone all weekend starting at 5am tomorrow Let me know if we can get together and catch up!
Diane O'Neil
UBS Warburg
Power Pre-Scheduling
503-464-3831 desk
P:SCHEDULING:2002:MARCH:Scheduling California
Will do.  Hope alls well.
lisa
Hi Lisa,
Could you do me a favor and add two names to the distribution list?
bthomp1@epelectric.com
bkilgore@epelectric.com
Thanks.
Have a good day!
Kathy
Kathy Peterson
El Paso Electric Company
123 W. Mills
El Paso, TX  79901
(915) 543-2039
(915) 521-4751 (fax)
Thanks Casey, sorry to annoy Billy! 
Lisa
Lisa,
We received it.
Please just make sure to send the email to pdxrt@ubswenergy.com--otherwise we get the email THREE different times. My understanding is that it really annoys Bill.
Thanks,
Casey
Please let me know if you get this. 
Lisa 
Please let me know if you get this. 
Lisa 
ANOTHER CHANGE!
This is the correct distribution list, but please send the schedule information to pdxrt@ubswenergy.com
Thanks,
Bill
This is a test.  I want to make sure this is the correct address for you guys.  Please respond and let me know.  Thank You!
Lisa gang
THANK YOU!
yep
This is a test.  I want to make sure this is the correct address for you guys.  Please respond and let me know.  Thank You!
Lisa gang
This is a test.  I want to make sure this is the correct address for you guys.  Please respond and let me know.  Thank You!
Lisa gang
Thank you.  I will look forward to your response.
Lisa
How funny you ask, I spoke to them today and they did say that the deductions should start on your next check.  I realize that the past we have not made any but they have asked me to call back on Monday to discuss.  I will keep you informed.
Thanks for your patience.
Pam LaRue
Business Accounting Manager
713-438-0919 (ph)
Lisa,
I apologize for the delay!  This is a new one for us and they are taking their sweet time on getting the paper work back to us.  I have copied Pam LaRue on this email as you can see and she will respond to you on how that process is going.
Rhonda
Hi Rhonda,
I know you are not the one who is working on this but I forgot who was....Can you tell me who and forward this email to that person.  I'm a little concerned about my State Income Tax deduction.  I have not yet seen any withdraws from my check and I know State of Oregon will charge you penalties if you exceed a certain amount per quarter.  Please look into this as soon as you can.  Thank You.
lisa
TOO CUTE...NICE CAR 
Here you go Lisa!!! Of course there are more pics of my car than of me but whatever 
PS, This is a really, really bad pick of me 
Stephen Szablya
Energy Scheduler
Xcel Energy Markets
Steve.Szablya@xemkt.com
303.308.6105 (Office)
303.809.3836 (Cell)
It's not the same as a self evaluation form but I hope you find this 
informative as to my where abouts this year.  I am collecting similar lists 
from the folks who report to me.
Updated as requested. Thanks
I definately would not discuss this with Petrobras.  Simply confirm that 
there is no credit requirement for the Bank or that the Bank we want to use 
exceeds any credit requirement and arrange the L/C required with Robin 
Verial.  Lets not make this a bigger task than it is.
Marcus Stephan
01/10/2001 12:18 PM
Tracee,
As I told you by phone, I don't believe it is a good idea to talk to 
Petrobr?s about the l/c before delivering it to them because they may require 
a bank's name that we don't have margin to work with right now. Since there 
isn't any limitation on location of the l/c bank on side letter or on the 
fuel contract, we don't have any other options besides Arab Bank and its 
correspondent bank in Brazil. 
If Petrobr?s have any restrictions on the l/c during our meeting or some days 
later (when we will be delivering the l/c), we can argue that there was no 
restriction on location/names of the l/c bank on contract/side letter and ask 
more time to obtain a new one or with another financial institution later.
Rick/Rob - We would like to have your opinion on this. If you believe we 
should consult Petrobr?s prior to deliver the l/c, I can talk to them and get 
their point of view on this issue.
Unfortunately, our meeting has not been confirmed yet.
,
Marcus.
Tracee Bersani@ECT
01/10/2001 01:17 PM
Marcus,
Please have a look at the side letter and contract to see if there is any 
limitation on location of the L/C bank.  ABN Amro had a local branch in 
Brazil so the $R draws would have been relatively straight forward.  However, 
with Arab Bank's New York Branch, the way a draw would work is this:
-Petrobras sends fax to Arab bank indicating a draw request
-Arab Bank will send funds to Brazil through its Brazilian correspondent bank 
and convert dollars to $R.  There would be an FX trade and fee associated. (I 
assume that Enron would pick up the cost of this 
The one issue we need to consider is that any draw request would take 
approximately 24 hours as it involves a correspondent bank and FX trade. 
Please confirm that Petrobras would not have a problem with this. 
,
Tracee
Marcus Stephan@
01/10/2001 08:34 AM
Tracee, Hi!
I was talking to a Tozzini lawyer and he said that that language on the side 
letter (" reputable institution") is a kind of standard in Brazil for such 
kind of contracts but that it doesn't have any correlation to any  credit 
rating standard. So, I believe we won't have any problems with the l/c from 
Arab Bank.
I also read the fuel contract and realized that there is no restrictions or 
requirements for the  letter of credit except for its amount.
How is the l/c issuance going?  Will we be able to have it on Friday?
/Marcus.
Thanks for allowing me to have a say, Joe.
Rob
Tom will be traveling next week.  Is it possible to postpone our meeting
until the next week (1/22 or 1/23) so that he can attend, and to give Frank
more time to make arrangements to come over?
Barbara
This looks pretty administrative. Are we required to send this to the banks?=20
If so please proceed, Christian.
Gabriela Aguilar
01/05/2001 06:55 AM
Rob,
I want to fax you the letter mentioned down below. Could you give me your fax=20
number ?
Thanks, gaby
Richard A Lammers
01/04/2001 03:52 PM
this looks fine to me. Please sure that Christiaan,Rob  and I receive final=20
copies for forwarding to the banks
Gabriela Aguilar
01/04/2001 02:10 PM
Find attached the english version of the letter (in spanish) that Transredes=20
sent to SIRESE. 99% of the letter sent to SIRESE reflects Dean=01%s draft.=20
Transredes only made slight changes.
Now we are waiting for SIRESE=01%s confirmation to the meeting.
- Carta SIRESE-RespuestaTBStrd.doc
,
gaby
Do we have an English version of the expert opinion concerning the Eletrabras 
guarantee that I can be reviewing?  I would like to present this along with 
the other things to the lenders next week. 
In light of numerous construction delays, increased sponsor contributions, 
unusual central bank exposures etc. we would like to conduct a comprehensive 
review of our insurance coverages  for the Cuiaba I Project.  I am availble 
at your convenience to begin meeting for the exchange of info which will be 
required to fulfill this endeavor. I will be the point person on behalf of 
the project.  My Assistant, Blanca Bollom can make all of the meeting 
arrangements. Please let us know who should attend. 
We are in good shape.
Richard A Lammers
01/12/2001 10:18 AM
Rob- I was not on the bank call this morning .Please let me know if any new 
deliverables popped out on today's call with the banks. 
Thanks, Guys
I have just finished reviewing the docs which provide a pretty clear picture 
of  how the negotiations are going.  This looks to be a pretty good outcome 
from a financing standpoint.  I have not explained it to the lenders yet but 
will appraise them that a settlement is in progress and though there are some 
concessions, on balance we still have a strong package.  The one area where I 
would suggest a change is with respect to the way you are handling the noise. 
I would suggest that instead of writing it with no test on gas, just relax 
the requirement to where they have to meet the World Bank Guideline on gas Other than that it looks good but I have a few questions and clarifications, 
so maybe you and Cliff could call when you have a break in the action Thanks
Laine A Powell@_DEVELOPMENT
01/16/2001 03:23 AM
Rob -
Don't know if you have spoken to the banks or owners eng about the Siemens 
EOT settlement?  Tried to set something up with you on Friday but did not 
hear back.  In any case attached is the latest version of the document that 
covers the issue.  This should not be sent to the banks since we are still 
negotiating with SCC however it gives a good indication of where we are 
going.  If you need more information pls give Cliff a call or I can be 
reached tomorrow in Cuiaba.  In any case next week we plan on closing this 
issue with Siemens and need bank sign-off real time as discussed.
rgds
Laine
Attached are (i) clean and black-lined drafts of the letter agreement among
SCC and Contractors regarding Siemens' EOT claim, reflecting comments from
V&E and Owner, and (ii) the initial draft of the letter agreement between
EPE and Siemens AG regarding the TAA.
If you have any difficulty opening the attached, please let me know by reply
to this message.  Thanks.
++++++  - Letter Agreement re TAA.DOC
- SCC re EOT.DOC
- SCC re EOT(1).DOC
That's great for me.
11:00 am Houston time works.  Just let me know what the call-in numbers are.
Rob and John: Claudia is not available today but will be available tomorrow
after 8:00 am Houston time.  Does 11:00 am Houston time (3:00 pm Brazil
time) work for you?  If so, let me know and I'll set up a dial in number.
Rgds,
John
++++++ Ok for me
I'm fine with this and ready to sign if Rick Lammers is happy.
Michael Tribolet
12/01/2000 12:33 PM
Here is the final Cuiaba DASH.   The DASH need to be signed and reviewed 
through Jeff Skilling by noon on Monday.     Rick Buy has indicated there 
will be no exceptions.
Michael Tribolet
Office    713 853-3820
Cellular  713 515-3577
Home   713 729-7910
I am going to talk with them tomorrow at 8:30 CST.  You can join if you 
like.  Have you talked to Brad or Sue at S&W?
Laine A Powell@_DEVELOPMENT
01/12/2001 05:58 AM
Rob -
I am available to call the Banks Eng and/or OPIC today after 11 am your time 
until say 2 pm your time.  Does this work for you?  I can be reached at 55 65 
9981-6071.
rgds
Laine
I don't need to be involved in the wording of the L/C as long as Rick Lammers 
is involved and it should probably be the same or substantially similar to 
the existing one from ABN.  If we have to do some free form work let me know 
and I will take a look at it.
Cliff,
Can you e-mail me the contract between Siemens and SCC?
Laine, Rob and I spoke late last week about this as well.  Given the
impracticality of bank involvement on a short time frame, we determined that
EPE should proceed to negotiate what we believe to be a commercially
reasonable agreement.  We will present the negotiated agreement to the banks
later and deal with them in due course.  Rob, it think, was going to discuss
this issue (among others presently facing the project) with the lenders this
week.  Rob, feel free to chime in if I've misstated anything.
Rob -
Don't know if you have spoken to the banks or owners eng about the
Siemens EOT settlement?  Tried to set something up with you on Friday but
did not hear back.  In any case attached is the latest version of the
document that covers the issue.  This should not be sent to the banks since
we are still negotiating with SCC however it gives a good indication of
where we are going.  If you need more information pls give Cliff a call or
I can be reached tomorrow in Cuiaba.  In any case next week we plan on
closing this issue with Siemens and need bank sign-off real time as
discussed.
rgds
Laine
Attached are (i) clean and black-lined drafts of the letter agreement among
SCC and Contractors regarding Siemens' EOT claim, reflecting comments from
V&E and Owner, and (ii) the initial draft of the letter agreement between
EPE and Siemens AG regarding the TAA.
If you have any difficulty opening the attached, please let me know by
reply
to this message.  Thanks.
++++++ (See attached file: Letter Agreement re TAA.DOC)
(See attached file: SCC re EOT.DOC)
(See attached file: SCC re EOT(1).DOC)
++++++ Thanks.  I have suggested to OPIC/KFW that perhaps S&W should listen in We'll see if they had time to arrange it.  If not we will follow up after.
,
Laine A Powell@_DEVELOPMENT
01/16/2001 04:35 PM
Rob -
I have not spoken to anyone since we discussed doing this together.  I asked 
John G. to join the call with the lenders tomorrow.
rgds
laine
Rob G Gay@
01/16/2001 05:57 PM
I am going to talk with them tomorrow at 8:30 CST.  You can join if you 
like.  Have you talked to Brad or Sue at S&W?
Laine A Powell@_DEVELOPMENT
01/12/2001 05:58 AM
Rob -
I am available to call the Banks Eng and/or OPIC today after 11 am your time 
until say 2 pm your time.  Does this work for you?  I can be reached at 55 65 
9981-6071.
rgds
Laine
We just had a call with Novak, Barquin (V&E) and Tozzini on options for next 
Monday such as economic equilibrium, arbitration, litigation etc. We will be 
putting all the results together for you by Friday Morning.  In the mean 
time, it may be helpful for you to reflect on the following (particularly the 
table). This is really starting to bring it into focus for me.  We will try 
to do the same for our options on Monday's decision.
I contacted Graham Lofts and he was shocked and surprised.  He is going to 
look into the situation and get back to me tonight or tomorrow morning.
I will advise when I hear.
Richard A Lammers
01/17/2001 04:55 PM
Rob- have you heard anything on this yet.I have a meeting with Neal Turton to 
provide an update on the Furnas consent and would like any new info on the 
matter before I meet with im.Thanks
Richard A Lammers
01/12/2001 12:42 PM
Rob- 
Dresdner KB is currently advising Petrobras on their evalution of purchasing 
equity interests in Transredes and the Cuiaba project. As you know DKB was 
also hired by Enron as the financial advisor to the Cuiaba project. We have 
about 800k to pay DKB at financial closint. Can you check to see  how DKB 
does not have a conflict of interest in this work. They need to either cease 
all work on the Petrobras transaction or terminate their work and rights to a 
fee for Cuiaba. Let me know what you think or if you need any more info
Dan,
Sorry I forgot. Things have been intense lately on Cuiaba.  Below you will 
find a summary which addresses your request. Please let me know if you want 
more details.
Rob G Gay
12/19/2000 10:59 AM
Britaldo Soarez would like to have a brief note indicating all of the things 
you are currently working on.  Thanks
Britaldo,
In summary, this is what is left on our plates:
Cuiaba I - Rob Gay
RioGen - unassigned (sale with Elektro planned)
WestLB CAA - Peter Anderson, Cheryl Lipschutz
Elektrobolt - Peter Anderson, Runabir Dutt
Cuiaba II - Peter Anderson
GTB Expansion - Brian Swinford
Transredes Expansions - Brian Swinford
Bom Retiro - Eduardo Camara
Arcor - Guille Atenor
Donna Francesca - Billy Mullville, G. Atenor
G. Atenor keeps a weekly list which provides the level of detail you will 
need for our merchant activities.
Tracee Bersani (associate) is helping out on Cuiaba I and the CAA.  G. Atenor 
can give you the details of Diego Holovik's activities.
Cliff,
Did we ever produce this?  I thought we decided to wait and see if we were 
going to use bonds.  If it exists, is there any reason why a potential buyer 
of Cuiaba should not see it?
Tracee - There is documentation on the KFW hedge as you know.  The only thing 
we could provide on the OPIC loan is a requirement of the lenders to be fixed 
which would be in the CTA if it was required in this instance (or the other 
OPIC documents).  It could be that the only requirement was in the OPIC FOGA 
which originally required us to be fixed within 12 months of funding However, we modified this and now we must select either a Citibank bank loan 
which would be fixed prior to funding by a swap or if we issue bonds they 
will be fixed rate.  Please see FOGA.
Richard A Lammers
01/17/2001 03:32 PM
Just a reminder that I need you to describe the interest rate hedging in 
place for the KFW and OPIC loans.Petrobras has asked for these agreements and 
Rob said there are no agreements in place so we need to provide a written 
description of the arrangements in lieu of the agreements.
In addition we were asked to provide a copy of the Citibank offering memo for 
the OPIC bonds if one exists
Dan
I just re-read this memo.  I can respond for Cuiaba but I need to enlist 
Eduardo, Brian & Peter to obtain status and issues on their projects.  I will 
forwrd a recent summary of issues on Cuiaba.
Also, by projects do you mean major infrastructure transactions or do you 
mean everything thhat is going on?
Happy New Year!  I am compiling a list of projects already financed,  under 
financing, or soon to be under financing during 2001.   Could you provide me 
with the following information:
1) List of projects in your area already financed
i) List of issues that may require bank involvement
ii) List of issues that may require ENE financing personnel but not banks 
involvement
2) List of project currently under financing
i) List of key issues (Cuiaba- please  be kind)
3) List of project to be finance during 2001
i) Main issues to be expected.
Thanks in advance for this information.
Dan
A little greater  minutia 
How could I forget you. Are you well?
The picture you sent was distorted so I could not see you. Could you try and 
send it again?
Love
Rob
Pete,
The F/M relief sited may not apply in all instances because technically we 
may have failed to preserve our rights by not notifying Furnas for 6 months They have responded as such although they have not assessed any penalties to 
date.  The real test is may 4 when we are supposed to be in Phase 3 on Gas.
Christiaan Huizer@_DEVELOPMENT
01/17/2001 02:04 PM
Pete,
There are two types of penalties under the PPA for the account of EPE (the 
latter can be used as a hedge to diesel cost exposure and we don't have any 
penalties right now)
(1) Delay penalties in being unable to provide the guaranteed capacity of 480 
MW on gas starting May 4, 2001 (this is where the Force Majeure extension is 
able to provide relief). The penalties here are calculated as R$ 400 per 
delayed MW per day. 
(2) Penalties due to capacity shortfall (basically - are we able to meet 
dispatch requests). If the moving average of the monthly average of the 
projects equivalent availability, calculated in accordance with provisions of 
annex-7 of the PPA, is less than 92%, a penalty shall be assessed in the 
amount of monthly capacity portion of the tariff for each phase times the 
guaranteed capacity for the phase multiplied by (92% - moving average of the 
monthly availability).
Penalties type (1) does not apply in the concept analyzed as it relates to 
delay in gas (Force Majeure Claim issue 
Refusing a dispatch request above 220 MW has an impact on penalties type (2) 
(guaranteed capacity is 300 MW). Given that the plant currently has a moving 
average of the monthly availability of about 99.7%, there is a margin built 
up that can be used to accept an availability hit by refusing a dispatch 
request above 220 MW. Therefore, to avoid the huge fuel costs associated with 
being dispatched above 220 MW, the PPA availability penalty concept can be 
utilized as an alternative. If we continue to decline to be dispatched above 
220 MW for a long period however, the built up margin will be reduced and 
eventually we'll have to pay penalties because the 12-month moving average 
moves below 92%.
Please let me know if additional questions
Christiaan 
Peter E Weidler@
01/17/2001 09:41 AM
Why do we have penalties - I thought we had force majuere extension until 
september or so.
Christiaan - please clarify thanks
Pete
I was just trying to touch base after the lender call this morning and 
debrief.  I thought you and John were great, particularly John's step-in on 
the heat rate/degradation issue.  Thanks to both of you.
I also wanted to visit on the latest plan for the ridges.
Thirdly, I wanted to discuss your thoughts on the achievability of our 
positions with SCC and Siemens.
Finally, we should circle up on the TAA once we get Cliff's response.  He led 
me to believe that we really had little to fear in the discussion I had with 
him.
Rob
This is the matrix related to the the Cuiaba II discussion on shared services.
Rob G Gay
01/17/2001 04:23 PM
We just had a call with Novak, Barquin (V&E) and Tozzini on options for next 
Monday such as economic equilibrium, arbitration, litigation etc. We will be 
putting all the results together for you by Friday Morning.  In the mean 
time, it may be helpful for you to reflect on the following (particularly the 
table). This is really starting to bring it into focus for me.  We will try 
to do the same for our options on Monday's decision.
Rob G Gay
01/18/2001 03:51 PM
This is the matrix related to the the Cuiaba II discussion on shared services.
Rob G Gay
01/17/2001 04:23 PM
We just had a call with Novak, Barquin (V&E) and Tozzini on options for next 
Monday such as economic equilibrium, arbitration, litigation etc. We will be 
putting all the results together for you by Friday Morning.  In the mean 
time, it may be helpful for you to reflect on the following (particularly the 
table). This is really starting to bring it into focus for me.  We will try 
to do the same for our options on Monday's decision.
Graham just called back and said that the Rio M&A people were engaged by 
Petrobras to review other Enron asset sales ( I think this implies Elektro 
and the LDC's) and it was only recently that we requested that Petrobras 
consider Cuiaba as well. In any case he assured me that there is a strong 
Chinese wall between the project finance group and the M&A group so it is 
unlikely that they could obtain any info as a result. He assured me that they 
will make everyone aware of the need for increased care on Cuiaba information 
handling due to this situation.  Let me know if you require more.  It is my 
understanding that Neal provided similar reasuarance at your meeting today.
Rob G Gay
01/17/2001 04:28 PM
I contacted Graham Lofts and he was shocked and surprised.  He is going to 
look into the situation and get back to me tonight or tomorrow morning.
I will advise when I hear.
Richard A Lammers
01/17/2001 04:55 PM
Rob- have you heard anything on this yet.I have a meeting with Neal Turton to 
provide an update on the Furnas consent and would like any new info on the 
matter before I meet with im.Thanks
Richard A Lammers
01/12/2001 12:42 PM
Rob- 
Dresdner KB is currently advising Petrobras on their evalution of purchasing 
equity interests in Transredes and the Cuiaba project. As you know DKB was 
also hired by Enron as the financial advisor to the Cuiaba project. We have 
about 800k to pay DKB at financial closint. Can you check to see  how DKB 
does not have a conflict of interest in this work. They need to either cease 
all work on the Petrobras transaction or terminate their work and rights to a 
fee for Cuiaba. Let me know what you think or if you need any more info
No, he was moving out of the region as I came in.  He worked for Rick Lammers 
who speaks highly of him though.
Rob:
Did you have any interaction with Mathis Conner in the S.A. region?  He was a 
general manager on some projects there in 1997/1998.
Kevin
Can you be available for a call with S&W on Monday 10:00 CST?
Questions which arose during my discussions with Sue Garven today concerning 
the turbine performance and associated warranty and TAA issues.
We may be able to change to 9:00 if that works for Brad and Laine as well.
John Guidry
01/19/2001 12:46 PM
Rob,
9:00am CST would work better for me, but I could adjust my schedule if 
necessary.  What is the topic of discussion.
John
Rob G Gay
01/19/2001 11:07 AM
Can you be available for a call with S&W on Monday 10:00 CST?
Maybe we can convince his successor tthat Cuiaba I is now "new and improved".
OPICNews  
_________________________________________________________
January 19, 2001
Welcome to the Current Issue of OPICNews
SPECIAL ANNOUNCEMENT -
George Mu=0Foz To Step Down As Head of Overseas Private Investment Corporation
In Farewell Address:
Announces New Loan Support for Investments in Mexico
Sees Opportunities in Emerging Countries, Cites Latin America as Example
Expects OPIC to Continue Crucial Role in Economic Foreign Policy
Link to Current Issue 
Also read about:
- Did You Know: All of OPIC's Internships are now paid positions?
- Upcoming Events
- Jobs at OPIC
OPICNews is a free electronic newsletter published by the Overseas Private
Investment Corporation (OPIC), an agency of the U.S. government, to keep you
up to date on OPIC activities as well as important developments in the world
of investing overseas. OPIC's insurance and finance programs support the
growth of U.S. businesses of all sizes, advance U.S. foreign policy,
encourage economic development in emerging markets, and generate U.S. job
and export growth.
If you wish to cancel your subscription, please e-mail the editors at
OPICNews@opic.gov with 'CANCEL OPICNEWS' in the subject line.
Rick,
In preparation for the meeting with the lenders on Tuesday I was reviewing 
the GSA and I wonder if YPF has any force majeure claims which could impede 
our rights to terminate.  I know they indicated at least verbally that they 
had encountered some problems in Argentina.  Although a stretch has Dean or 
Novak indicated that this could be a defense?
I will be bringing all of the details of our sponsor support as back-up 
materials including the details of the purpose and amount of each item and  
the fall away provisions.
Peter E Weidler@
12/04/2000 08:00 AM
Jose - I am not going to include this in the "presentation" -  it is a bit to 
detailed - I will make several copies of it - and when the question comes up 
- you tell me which pages you want to talk from - if nothing comes up - I 
will leave the presentation with Rebecca and Jim for their later review.
Pete
Interesting piece of history - my notes from a lecture I gave Bannantine 
Circa 2/00-4/00
The matrix with the implications of arbitration will be done this afternoon. 
We received Tozzini's input over the weekend
Peter E Weidler
01/20/2001 09:50 AM
Rob - I reviewed this matrix - I added some of my thoughts into the attached 
matrix below.
Our goal is to get as much of Enron's money out as soon as we can.  How we do 
that is the difficult part and complex decision tree.  We don't have any idea 
at this point in time which course of action is likely to be successful - so 
we can not base our next step with Furnas (assuming tuesday's meeting with 
Furnas is unproductive) on which of those paths we take.   I was hopeful we 
could pursue an arbitration course or some other course with Furnas, to 
increase the pressue - possible get a favorable outcome, and provide 
political ramifications - and retain our other course of actions by being 
able to stop the arbitration when it is opportune time to begin our final 
push (after gas arrives).
We need to be close to final decision on what we do next with Furnas on 
wednesday.  John and Rob - please make sure we know if and what we can 
arbitrate on Wednesday, and lets also make sure we have assessed  all other 
possible/feasible next steps with Furnas ahead of Wednesday.
Thanks
Pete
I noticed that for construction and cost overruns you inserted the words 
"Must Complete" even if we sell EPE or in the case of Petrobras alll of the 
project.  Is it your view that the gas suppliers will not consider 
participating in any overrun support?
Peter E Weidler
01/20/2001 09:50 AM
Rob - I reviewed this matrix - I added some of my thoughts into the attached 
matrix below.
Our goal is to get as much of Enron's money out as soon as we can.  How we do 
that is the difficult part and complex decision tree.  We don't have any idea 
at this point in time which course of action is likely to be successful - so 
we can not base our next step with Furnas (assuming tuesday's meeting with 
Furnas is unproductive) on which of those paths we take.   I was hopeful we 
could pursue an arbitration course or some other course with Furnas, to 
increase the pressue - possible get a favorable outcome, and provide 
political ramifications - and retain our other course of actions by being 
able to stop the arbitration when it is opportune time to begin our final 
push (after gas arrives).
We need to be close to final decision on what we do next with Furnas on 
wednesday.  John and Rob - please make sure we know if and what we can 
arbitrate on Wednesday, and lets also make sure we have assessed  all other 
possible/feasible next steps with Furnas ahead of Wednesday.
Thanks
Pete
I like this conceptually as an approach to manage costs but see the potential 
problems with Shell if EECC is paid on time.  I think it may also be 
extremely difficult to rework the LD's because the EECC wrap does not match 
up with the subs very well (in some cases EECC's protection exceeds the subs 
and in other is less).  I also wonder who is the credit for contractor 
obligations in this scenario for the lenders?
Peter E Weidler
01/20/2001 09:31 AM
I would like you all to consider the following concept and send back 
feedback.  Especially John Novak or Eddy - on whether or not we have 
significant exposure with Shell by using this approach. 
If EECC is not neccessarily in the "for profit" business and Enron's goal is 
to conclude the construction with as least cost as possible.  We need to 
eliminate the negotiations between EECC and the project.  Right now - we get 
change orders from EECC which include a markup of 10 %, and are "fluffed up" 
because they know the project is going to object and negotiate and Shell is 
not going to be happy until we reduce the cost of the proposed change orders 
- this is a waste of time but has become part of the continuous 
contractor/prjoect dance.   EECC also has some profit within the turnkey 
portion of the job (pipelines and powerplant)  and is also asking for early 
completion bonus on some things.  My concept is for Cuiaba team and EECC to 
go complete open book.  Let us analyze and categorize all of EECC's actual 
costs so we understand where we stand currently with respect to work 
performed under the turnkey and outside of turnkey - and then we go straight 
to final negotiations with Conduto and Bolinter.  EECC and us will both 
jointly negotiate best deal possible, using our combined knowledge.   Get the 
debate on EECC profit and whether or not it was appropriate to commission 
certain work, or whether or not it was their fault or our fault, out of the 
picture so everyone can focus on minimizing the total cost of this project from Enron's perspective.
We we conclude the process = the project gets charged all direct costs and 
third party costs.  For those items which is clearly not the responsibility 
fo the project - we offset those against profit and present the results to 
Shell. We go to Shell and say here it is - please audit and either approve or 
object.   Whatever the dispute - we will negotiate and as a result $10mm 
profit may get decreased.
The advantage of this route is - we work together to minimize overall cost of 
project, we eliminate an intercompany debate which will cost time and money 
and Enron can undertand what the cost of this thing really is.  Right now I 
do not actually know how much of the capex is profit and could and should be 
deducted from our capex budget number as it relates to Enron's position in 
the project.
Downside is - Shell may consider that Project management has violated its 
fudiciary responsibility to the project  Although I think this can be 
mitigated by audit and prior explanation of what we are doing to Shell.  I do 
not really want Shell directly involved until we are done - because I do not 
know what we will find or conclude.  Need help on fine tuning this part of 
the strategy.
Let me know if I have rocks in my head.  If this is a good idea - I would 
like to run it to ground this week with EECC.
Pete
Can you print 10 color copies? Thanks
Once more
Rob G Gay
01/22/2001 03:26 PM
Can you print 10 color copies? Thanks
Tracee,
Could you print this out and let's try another round together.
Thanks
Here is what we have been developing.  See what you think and then maybe you 
can help me refine.
Tracee Bersani@ECT
01/24/2001 09:21 AM
All, 
At Rob's request, please find attached a matrix which explores various 
arbitration, litigation, and other tactics relevant to the current Furnas 
default situation. For best results, please print on Legal size paper.
,
Tracee
I hope I can get to this today.
Maggie Li @ EES   01/18/2001 02:02 PM
Rob,
I'm sorry to bother you again. I just decided to add Yale to my list in order 
to get more chance. Would you mind to write me another recommendation letter? 
Yale asks you to describe specific activities or accomplishments which can 
demonstrate my strength and weakness in a separate page in addition to the 
ranking. I think this will demand more of your time to give some examples. I 
can think of the examples for you if you need. 
I would appreciate if you can take more time to write me this last 
recommendation letter.
Maggie
Rick, Laine, and John, please add any comments or subjects which you think 
Jim should address with Munoz. He would like to call him some time today.
I spoke with Dick Vincent who indicated that we will have no problem 
obtaining 12 mos renewable business interruption insurance when we go 
operational on gas.  This should solve the warranty issue with the banks 
because it covers defects, design, and workmanship on the turbines and 
includes lost profits, etc.  Incidentally, for insurance purposes the 
turbines are designated DE3 which is not a new technology designation. 
Typically we will always have this coverage in place but if their is a 
supplier warranty then the party providing the warranty pays ahead of the 
insurer.  In the case where the supplier does not pay or the warranty has 
ended then the insurer will pay.
Now we just need to come up with a fix for the drop dead date.
,
Rob
I will be out on Th & FRi because my wife is having surgery.  I can't have my 
cel on in the hospital but I will have it with me and will check voice mail 
from time to time.
Shelly Butler with the Associate program HR indicated that by giving Tracee 
the short term employment we will be responsible for her termination package 
at the end of that time (approx. 6 mos or $40,000).  We probably need to do 
some structuring here, no?
Thanks, same to you.
I was not here on the day so this is late but best wishes.
Thanks, same to you.
I was not here on the day so this is late but best wishes.
Kathy M Lynn
01/25/2001 04:50 PM
Happy Birthday! Please tell everyone that you are 29 so you don't blow my 
cover since we were born on the same day! Hope you have a great birthday. 
The lenders would like a list of the potential producers in Bolivia for 
Cuiaba I and if info is available on their holdings please provide that as 
well.  Can we also give the details of the Vintage transaction as an example 
of our capabilities?   If their consent is required can you obtain?
KFW is ok on relying solely on the back-up fuel supply support but OPIC is 
not there yet.
Also, KFW is offering to allow us to go back to floating on interest rate. 
They will provide the cost within the next 24 hours, but they have indicated 
that it will be significantly less than US$250,000 for a current estimated 
annual savings of 60 bps.  This sounds like a good move to me.
John can you give me some feedback on this before it goes.  I am waiting on 
input from Rick concerning the Vintage deal.
Thank you Frank.
I am preparing the written version now and hope to have it today. 
Rob,
we talked yesterday about a couple of thinks, one of which was the interest
rate reservation. To this end I am still not clear with our treasury about
the amount it would cost, if you would not use our refinancing. I am afraid
that I will need some more time to discuss this with our treasury.
In terms of the points we discussed in Washington we would very much
appreciate receiving your concrete requests in writing (gas, Furnas consent,
Eletrobras consent / guarantee), since parts of these issues have to be
internally discussed within OPIC and KfW / Hermes in order to respond in a
reliable way.
,   Frank
Two agreements have been negotiated with Siemens as part of the plant 
turnover for Provisional Completion Phase III on oil: 1) the EOT Claim 
Agreement between Siemens and SCC and 2) modifications to the TAA between 
Siemens and EPE.
The changes which the lenders should review are as follows:
EOT Claim Agreement
14 Day Availability Test with respect to Provisional Completion Phase III on 
oil, on a look-back basis over 6 months, required as a specific performance 
requirement
After PC on oil, Siemens can demobilize
Compensation for commissioning on oil $5,720,000; $30,000 per day for owner 
delay
Bonus of $15,000 per day that PC achieved before 17 Feb
Phase III Substantial Completion on gas
60 days prior written notice on gas availability
If sound level guarantees demonstrated on oil, only need to demonstrate far 
field sound on gas
Owner must operate and maintain per O&M manuals and industry practices on 
oil; if not, owner must correct items materially affecting Contractor's 
commissioning obligations
Performance guarantees remain in tact per EPC
Long stop date on Phase III Substantial Completion on gas of 31 Dec 01
Substantial Completion on gas - punchlist limited to deficiencies from Work 
performed to achieve Substantial Completion on gas
Risk of Loss remains with owner during commisioning on gas
Siemens agrees to enter into negotiations to provide operational assistance
Degradation - agree to use curves with credit to owner for degradation during 
commissioning
Compensation for commissioning on natural gas $1,220,000 lump sum; $20,000 
per day for owner delay
Warranty - 6 months after Provisional Completion on oil
Option to buy extended warranty for up to 6 months at $175,000; must elect 60 
days prior to expiration of Primary Warranty Period
Performance LD's on gas per the EPC contract with first $4,000,000 forgiven 
by owner
Delay LD's on gas do not start until 60 days after performance test on gas
Payments to be paid (including EOTof $5,720,000): 15 Feb  $5,446,141; 28 Feb  
$14,353,401 with offset of $4,000,000 for Phase I LD payment due from Siemens 
to SCC
Late payment interest rate of 14%
TAA Agreement
Effective date Provisional Completion Phase III on oil
No 12 month look back
12 month Initial Guarantee Period, with the clock suspended for gas 
commissioning unless owner delay. 
Additional Insurance
In order to provide the lenders an adequate warranty period on gas (if there 
are additional delays on the P/L) our Insurance group has  indicated that we 
will have no problem obtaining 12 months renewable business interruption 
insurance when we go operational on gas.  This should solve the issue over 
the revised warranty with Siemens because it covers defects, design, and 
workmanship on the turbines and includes lost profits, etc.  Incidentally, 
for insurance purposes the turbines are designated DE3 which is not a new 
technology designation.   The duration of BI coverage is 18 months per event 
with US$150,000 deductible.
Typically we will always have this coverage in place but if their is a 
supplier warranty then the party providing the warranty pays ahead of the 
insurer.  In the case where the supplier does not pay or the warranty has 
ended then the insurer is the primary.
We will need to execute these agreements immediately.  Please advise with 
your thoughts as soon as possible..
Rob G Gay
01/31/2001 09:55 AM
Two agreements have been negotiated with Siemens as part of the plant 
turnover for Provisional Completion Phase III on oil: 1) the EOT Claim 
Agreement between Siemens and SCC and 2) modifications to the TAA between 
Siemens and EPE.
The changes which the lenders should review are as follows:
EOT Claim Agreement
14 Day Availability Test with respect to Provisional Completion Phase III on 
oil, on a look-back basis over 6 months, required as a specific performance 
requirement
After PC on oil, Siemens can demobilize
Compensation for commissioning on oil $5,720,000; $30,000 per day for owner 
delay
Bonus of $15,000 per day that PC achieved before 17 Feb
Phase III Substantial Completion on gas
60 days prior written notice on gas availability
If sound level guarantees demonstrated on oil, only need to demonstrate far 
field sound on gas
Owner must operate and maintain per O&M manuals and industry practices on 
oil; if not, owner must correct items materially affecting Contractor's 
commissioning obligations
Performance guarantees remain in tact per EPC
Long stop date on Phase III Substantial Completion on gas of 31 Dec 01
Substantial Completion on gas - punchlist limited to deficiencies from Work 
performed to achieve Substantial Completion on gas
Risk of Loss remains with owner during commisioning on gas
Siemens agrees to enter into negotiations to provide operational assistance
Degradation - agree to use curves with credit to owner for degradation during 
commissioning
Compensation for commissioning on natural gas $1,220,000 lump sum; $20,000 
per day for owner delay
Warranty - 6 months after Provisional Completion on oil
Option to buy extended warranty for up to 6 months at $175,000; must elect 60 
days prior to expiration of Primary Warranty Period
Performance LD's on gas per the EPC contract with first $4,000,000 forgiven 
by owner
Delay LD's on gas do not start until 60 days after performance test on gas
Payments to be paid (including EOTof $5,720,000): 15 Feb  $5,446,141; 28 Feb  
$14,353,401 with offset of $4,000,000 for Phase I LD payment due from Siemens 
to SCC
Late payment interest rate of 14%
TAA Agreement
Effective date Provisional Completion Phase III on oil
No 12 month look back
12 month Initial Guarantee Period, with the clock suspended for gas 
commissioning unless owner delay. 
Additional Insurance
In order to provide the lenders an adequate warranty period on gas (if there 
are additional delays on the P/L) our Insurance group has  indicated that we 
will have no problem obtaining 12 months renewable business interruption 
insurance when we go operational on gas.  This should solve the issue over 
the revised warranty with Siemens because it covers defects, design, and 
workmanship on the turbines and includes lost profits, etc.  Incidentally, 
for insurance purposes the turbines are designated DE3 which is not a new 
technology designation.   The duration of BI coverage is 18 months per event 
with US$150,000 deductible.
Typically we will always have this coverage in place but if their is a 
supplier warranty then the party providing the warranty pays ahead of the 
insurer.  In the case where the supplier does not pay or the warranty has 
ended then the insurer is the primary.
We will need to execute these agreements immediately.  Please advise with 
your thoughts as soon as possible..
We are still pursuing the ownership issue.  I am adding a section to the 
letter which should update you on the way I am playing it.
Rob
Richard A Lammers
01/31/2001 11:37 AM
Sent by: Richard A Lammers
Rob- Here are a few comments
Global change: Eletrabras should be Eletrobras
I sent you seperately the GSA strategy paper. I think your captured the main 
objectives> We probably do not want to highlite the VAT objective.I have 
asked fedi to summarise the vintage deal  and answer your other questions on 
Bolivian producers but it is also sumarised in the GSA  paper I just sent you
Are we going to drop the ownership request for now?
Rob G Gay
01/30/2001 06:30 PM
John can you give me some feedback on this before it goes.  I am waiting on 
input from Rick concerning the Vintage deal.
Chris,
Nancy and Mary took the budget news well.  Their response was "I don't care 
what the number is as long as the sponsors are stepping up for it."
Frank also did not object.  Unfortunately, they are saying that the CCT/CUST 
interconnection issue must be resolved before funding.  Their concern is that 
if we sign then EPE will be subject to third party liability with members of 
the grid.  They are willing to meet with us next week on the budget and the 
ECA but Cliff is not availble until Thursday.  Can you make it later in the 
week?
I'll keep you posted 
Rob,
I will be in a meeting most of the day but do call as it sounds urgent.  My
office line is redirected to my cell phone.