- atthevatican2.jpg 
changed it to Inside Ferc
I am deferring t this to you but I don't see any reason we would have any problem with this  either.
FYI.  Obviously, we would want to participate in any settlement discussions.  Do you see any reason why we would not want to support the motion to establish the settlement procedure?  SRP indicates that the ongoing proceedings would not be delayed. =20
Attached is a draft motion of Salt River Project to establish a date certain
for convening a settlement conference under Rule 602, in accordance with the
settlement package distributed on July 30. Paragraph 8 of the motion will
list all parties that are in support of this procedural motion.  A company's
support for the motion IN NO WAY reflects any agreement to support any
setttlement proposal.  It merely indicates a desire to initiate a parallel
settlement path without interfering with or delaying FERC's processing of
the ongoing proceedings. Please reply to all by COB Tuesday in advising
whether your company would like to be listed.  We intend to file on
Wednesday early afternoon.  Thank you.
Energy Advocates LLP
202-371-9889
202-371-9025 (fax)
jlgreene@energyadvocates.com  - rp00-336setmot1.doc  
thank you for handling this
We're all set for Wednesday.  I have reserved a meeting room (EB4746) for Enron people, and the dial in number for outside participants is:
(877) 233-7845
Participant Code:  281132
We have 15 ports.  If you get any more people, let me know and I'll ask for an expansion 
SRP would like to host 2.5 days of settlement discussions in Phoenix. The
proposed schedule is:
EOC   =09=099/11      1 - 4 pm
All parties=099/12 =099 - 5 pm
All parties=099/13=099 - noon
The intent is to discuss any and all settlement proposals, as well as
feedback from parties on the proposal sent out by SRP. Please circulate any
comments or proposals to this distribution list prior to the meetings. All
materials will be for settlement purposes only.
I have not invited El Paso, nor all of the parties. IF you peruse the
distribution list and see a name that should be on it, let me know.
As you know, Joel is on vacation through Labor Day. Please RSVP to me as to
whether or not you will be attending or sending a representative.
I look forward to seeing you in September.
Diane McVicker
Principal Analyst
Salt River Project
602-236-4315
NGI's Daily Gas Price Index 
Breaking News : posted Aug 15, 11:27 AM
PG&E Suspends Open Season for 1.2 Bcf/d of Pipe Capacity 
Pacific Gas and Electric (PG&E) has announced that it has suspended its open season for additional intrastate pipeline capacity that was scheduled to close Aug. 30. The California utility said it made the decision not to go forward with the open season at this time while conducting a corporate wide review related to its ongoing bankruptcy proceedings. 
PG&E emphasized that the open season was being deferred, not canceled, and that shippers would have a minimum of 30 days to prepare bids for service when it resumed. 
"I don't want to say that we were premature in beginning the open season," said PG&E spokeswoman Christy Dennis, who noted that the company simply "has pulled back for the moment" due to the "huge reorganization process" related to the company's Chapter 11 bankruptcy. Shippers shouldn't view this as a "huge red flag" on the project. 
Dennis could not cite a specific date when the open season would resume, but she said "it should be reinstituted within the next few months." Shippers will be notified then, she noted. 
The utility first announced the open season in late May, saying that it planned to offer more than 1.2 Bcf/d of backbone capacity on the Redwood, Baja and Silverado paths on which gas from Malin, OR; Topock, AZ, and California in-state gas production is delivered to PG&E's local transmission system and other pipelines. Included in the open season was an anticipated 200 MMcf/d expansion of the Redwood path from Malin. 
The open season initially was to have closed on July 31, but PG&E extended it until Aug. 30. The utility, which currently transports more than 3 Bcf/d of gas in central and northern California, projected that the additional in-state pipeline capacity would be in service by Jan. 1, 2003, but the open season suspension could very well push back the date. 
II think you should just call her and tell her that you are an interested party in the proceeding and would like to attend.  Shw willnot have aproblem/
Janie, thanks for forwarding.  After reading the list, it looks like she may
have intentionally left us off the list.  She probably thinks of us as part
of Pacific Gas & Electric, and may not realize we do not share views on this
subject.  I do see that she has Frank Lindh on the list.  Do you think you
should ask her if it is OK for you to include me?  Let me know what you
think.
Susan
    At our last meeting, you aid that you had informationregardin gSouthwest Gas' load profile.  Could you send it to me.
Sale is based on IF
Are you referring to Los Angeles Water and Power
Could you let me know whether or not we are selling gas to DWR - under either long or short term deals?
FYI  --  Another brouhaha in the making.
FYI
State building natural gas reserve
Officials refuse to reveal details of the contracts
Bernadette Tansey, Lynda Gledhill, Chronicle Staff Writers
Thursday, August 16, 2001
?2001 San Francisco Chronicle
URL 
California has quietly started buying natural gas in response to the energy crisis, forming a gas supply operation that could become one of the largest in the state.
But in a repeat of the state's tactics when it lined up $43 billion in electricity contracts, officials won't say how much they have spent so far -- or how much they plan to buy in the future.
The state is already supplying gas for one power plant this month in an attempt to keep generating costs in check, and it has signed a small contract for gas storage space, state officials said. But they refused to provide The Chronicle with records of any of the purchases.
Releasing additional details -- such as the price officials paid -- would jeopardize the state's goal of keeping electricity costs down by delivering cheaper fuel to natural gas-fueled power plants that serve California, said Ray Hart, deputy director of the state Department of Water Resources.
If private energy traders knew what the state planned to buy, Hart said, they could rush in, scoop up the supplies and demand substantially higher prices to resell them to the state, he said.
Details of the state's gas deals will be made public as much as six months after they're signed, when they no longer give traders any advantage, he said.
That stance has raised an outcry among Republicans and consumer advocates, who criticized the Davis administration earlier this year for delaying disclosure of state power contracts that locked in a huge percentage of California's power needs for more than a decade.
"If there were a competitive bidding process, then, yes, the price should be secret while it's pending," said Marcel Hawiger, a natural gas analyst for the consumer group The Utility Reform Network. "But in a situation like it is now where they're just negotiating backroom deals, we think they should be disclosing everything right away."
Critics of the Davis administration who think the state already got rooked on the power contracts are equally leery about the state's foray into the natural gas market.
'A DISASTER'
"The governor's secrecy and lack of oversight has been a disaster for the people of California over the last six months," said Republican gubernatorial candidate and current Secretary of State Bill Jones. "These are the same novices who signed those energy contracts."
Hart said the gas operation would reinforce the state's long-term power buying effort that he credits with taming the out-of-control electricity market in California. His department was pressed into service as an emergency electricity buyer in January after skyrocketing power prices drove state utilities deeply into debt.
The state's new natural gas endeavor is intended as an insurance policy to make sure power plants under long-term contracts with the state don't hike their prices by claiming steep costs for fuel, a justification used by many generators during the height of the energy crisis last winter.
Under terms of some of the state electricity contracts, if the power plants don't make low-cost deals for gas, the state can step in and deliver the fuel itself.
The plan is to stand ready to provide fuel to generators throughout the state by lining up natural gas supplies, setting up to ship gas through pipelines within the state, and arranging for temporary storage space so any state gas surplus can be saved instead of being sold at a loss, Hart said. If the state were to step in as supplier for all the contracts that give it that option, the government would become one of the largest gas purchasers in the state, he said.
Hart's agency signed a four-year, $2 million contract in May with a Livermore gas consulting firm, Interstate Gas Services. The firm was authorized in July to make short-term gas deals with four suppliers in Texas and one in California.
STRATEGY QUESTIONED
Whether the state will be a successful player in the natural gas market is already being questioned by TURN and Pacific Gas and Electric Co. They say the state is reading the future gas market incorrectly by predicting prices close to double what experienced utility gas managers say the state will see by late 2002.
Bill Marcus, a TURN energy consultant, said the state's high forecasts alone could lead to unnecessary rate increases. Ron Low, a PG&E spokesman, said state gas cost overestimates would add $300 million to consumers' bills statewide through 2002; about $140 million would be paid by PG&E customers.
Hart scoffed at PG&E's claims.
"For them to say the price of gas is going to stay the same is ridiculous," Hart said. Gas prices have dropped this summer because of the cool weather and conservation efforts, he said. But things could change rapidly when demand peaks in the future. "You're going to see prices go up again."
Mark Allen Bernstein, an analyst with RAND, said the state might be doing the right thing if it buys natural gas when prices are low in the spring and fall and socks it away in storage basins to release when demand spikes in the summer and winter.
"We need to make sure there is sufficient storage to weather demand and price fluctuations," he said.
The state has lined up a small contract with the Wild Goose storage basin in Butte County and is supplying gas to an Alliance power plant as it starts operations this month, water department officials said. It has also locked in gas supplies at a set price for Dynegy plants in Southern California. The state has still not decided whether to contract for space on the interstate pipelines that bring gas to California from out-of-state producing basins, Hart said.
Hart said critics of the state's electricity contracts who said the deals all should have locked in a fixed price had already been proved wrong. By allowing some of the contract prices to float up or down with the price of gas,
Hart said, the state has been able to take advantage of a steep drop in gas prices this spring.
"We got totally hammered by the media for those (variable) contracts," Hart said. "My God, we're saving billions of dollars."
E-mail the reporters at btansey@sfchronicle.com  
?2001 San Francisco Chronicle   Page A - 1
no one in the Houston gas side makes any sales-However you need to check with the Portland office-try calling Chris Foster
The state Department of Water Resources referred to in the article.  I don't think it's LADWP 
I asked them when they exceeded their billing determinants on El Paso and this is what they sent:
11-09-00:  350,462 dth
11-14-00: 377,704 dth
12-20-00:  353,440 dth
12-21-00:  375,300 dth
12-22-00:  397,453 dth
01-12-01:  363,612 dth
01-16-01:  356,289 dth
01-17-01:  383,866 dth
01-18-01:  396,526 dth
01-19-01:  453,752 dth
01-20-01:  356,220 dth
01-21-01:  360,161 dth
01-30-01:  378,652 sth
01-31-01:  345,981 dth
02-10-01:  380,921 dth
02-11-01:  381,297 dth
01-12-01:  377,312 dth
At our last meeting, you aid that you had informationregardin gSouthwest Gas' load profile.  Could you send it to me. 
In order to terminate the referenced agreement we need to provide notice 180 days in advance of the end of the primary term or any annual extension.
Based upon a May 1, 1997 in service date for the Havasu facililties, the primary term of this agreement terminates on April 30, 2002. We need to provide notice by October 31, 2001 of our intent to trigger the ROFR process (see attached).
Please let me know if you have any questions.
Stephanie
call 713-515-0389
Hey Janie,
Don't worry, I have everything figured out.  Everyone is coming
over in shifts.
Barney wanted the two to three in the morning shift.  I think he'll be
home early
after a few non stop days of drinking.  If I hurt him bad enough maybe
he'll stop
the habbit.  I tried calling him on his mobil but it says it is no
longer in service.  I used
281-826-5246.  If he has a new number, E-mail it back to me.
I was just thinking, I better call your Dad to see what shift he
wants.
As of 10:00 a.m. Joe is in Wichita
Hey Janie,
Don't worry, I have everything figured out.  Everyone is coming
over in shifts.
Barney wanted the two to three in the morning shift.  I think he'll be
home early
after a few non stop days of drinking.  If I hurt him bad enough maybe
he'll stop
the habbit.  I tried calling him on his mobil but it says it is no
longer in service.  I used
281-826-5246.  If he has a new number, E-mail it back to me.
I was just thinking, I better call your Dad to see what shift he
wants.
did you talk to him
I can't tell you nutting
I have to take care of my baby.
yes
Looks good.  Aslo we ar still on for our meeting on Thursday at 2:30.  Is Leslie coming?
Attached is a draft of our rehearing request on the order FERC issued in RM01-9 requiring sellers of gas into California to file information on their sales, transport, and purchases.  The rehearing request restates our arguments in response to the NOPR  that (1) permanent, formal reporting requirements are not appropriate to address a temporary problem and are beyond the scope of the Commission's powers under the Natural Gas Act and (2) the commission significantly underestimated the burden of the reporting requirements as well as the responding parties' ability to comply.  We also request that the reports, if they must be submitted, be due 45 days after the end of the month instead of the required 30 days.
Please provide any comments or suggestions you may have on this draft to either myself (713-853-5840) or Leslie (505-623-6778) by COB Wednesday (8/22   
Thanks.
That's right.  Feed him milk -not beer
Your suppose to feed a baby milk not  beer
unsubscribe TX-INDUSTRIAL-INFO-RES
Welcome to eMail News Delivery, a service from Business Wire.
Here is your Industrial Information Resources Inc. news release.
If you have received this in error please send a message to:
eMailDelivery@businesswire.com
with the following command in the body of the message:
unsubscribe TX-INDUSTRIAL-INFO-RES
If you have questions about this service, please contact your
Business Wire Account Executive or service@businesswire.com
BW2007  JAN 30,2002       2:01 PACIFIC      05:01 EASTERN
( BW)(TX-INDUSTRIAL-INFO-RES) Pebble Bed Modular Reactor Design Pushes
Renewed Interest in Worldwide Nuclear Power Generation, in an Advisory
by Industrialinfo.com
Business/Energy Editors
HOUSTON--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Jan. 30, 2002--The following is an
advisory by Industrialinfo.com (Industrial Information Resources, Inc;
Houston): The rehabilitation of nuclear power generation plants, which
could represent part of the answer to world's power generation needs
over the next 30 years, has taken a few steps forward in the
consciousness of governments and industry in the past six months.
However, nuclear power still has a way to go among environmental
groups and those involved with post-Chernobyl public health concerns.
The Pebble Bed Modular Reactor (PBMR) from Eskom in South Africa
continues to claim the attention of both the large power hungry
regions and the capital conscious development areas to which the
modular and smaller output plant could be both affordable and
appropriate.
Stakeholders in the project include the U.S. company Exelon with
12.5%, Eskom with 30%, British Nuclear Fuels with 22.5%, Industrial
Development Corporation of SA with 25%, and Black empowerment at 10%.
Currently, Exelon is negotiating for the possible purchase of 40 PBMRs
at a price of around $6 billion (USD). Early in 2001 the company
requested the U.S. National Regulatory Commission to start laying the
groundwork for PBMR licensing.
Exelon would like to see the $300 million demonstration unit,
which is planned by Eskom in South Africa as a proven model, to show
that all technical matters have been resolved and that safety,
efficiency and viability are proven enough for U.S. regulatory
agencies to proceed forward with licensing. The plant is to be built
alongside the existing nuclear power station at Koeberg in the Cape
Province of South Africa with work commencing in 2003. If approved,
Exelon may then start concurrent construction of U.S. sites to bring
PBMR-generated power to market at the earliest possible date and at
the best price. Specifications and claims by Eskom, who purchased the
technology after a 21-year development and proving period in Germany,
present the PBMR as small, safe, clean, cost efficient, inexpensive
and adaptable.
The PBMR uses multiple coated uranium particles encased in
graphite to form a fuel sphere (60mm in diameter). The PBMR design
makes use of helium as the coolant and energy transfer medium to a
closed cycle gas turbine and generator. The design differences between
the PBMR and Pressurized Water Reactors result in the PBMR being a
safe and economical power plant.
The annual world market for power generation is estimated at $70
billion. The PBMR, if it comes through its regulatory trials, would be
in a position to capture a tasty slice of this power action. With 10%
of the shareholding in the PBMR project reserved for new black
empowerment shareholders, 10 plant export orders a year could
contribute nearly $1 billion a year to South Africa's Gross Domestic
Product and another $1 billion in export income. An estimated 57,000
direct and indirect jobs would be created. These figures would double
and triple for 20 or 30 orders annually. If the demo plant achieves
its targets, Eskom will place an order for 10 modules, with the Exelon
order hopefully kicking in immediately for a possible date for the
first U.S. plant in 2007.
Eskom will sell PBMR's as a manufactured item with no rights
given. Eighty percent of the costs will be made up of the manufactured
reactor and 20% site construction related. The aim is for 40% of the
sourcing to come from South Africa. Taxpayers money (approximately $50
million so far) is being spent by the South African authorities in
giving all due diligence to the studies and to public feedback on the
project before the "go" decision is given. With this right and proper
concern and the considerable market presence of Eskom and Exelon the
130MW modules will no doubt play a crucial role in the future of
nuclear power generation.
The project managers are indicating growing confidence in their
ability to bring the product to market and have recently made a
significant move. A contract has been placed (in mid-January 2002)
with the U.S. company Stone & Webster and South African construction
company Murray & Roberts and black empowerment contractor Proman
Management Services to provide consulting services to the PBMR project
in engineering, procurement, construction management and project
management. Following this development, the PBMR management at Eskom
have gone on record to state that with the multi-national and
multi-disciplinary support now providing leverage, the approval
hurdles for the pilot project should be cleared by the end of 2002
given the crucial general diligence and environmental clearance by the
government.
Industrailinfo.com provides daily news related to the industrial
market place including industry alerts and databases for the energy
and industrial markets. For more information on trends and upcoming
construction activities for the Energy and Power markets as well as
other industrial sectors send inquiries to
powergroup@industrialinfo.com or visit us at www.industrialinfo.com or
www.iirenergy.com.
--30--MJB/ho*
CONTACT: Industrial Information Resources, Houston
Britt Burt, 713/783-5147
KEYWORD: TEXAS SOUTH AFRICA GERMANY INTERNATIONAL EUROPE
AFRICA/MIDDLE EAST
INDUSTRY KEYWORD: BUILDING/CONSTRUCTION ENERGY OIL/GAS UTILITIES
SOURCE: Industrial Information Resources
For the best viewing of the news releases please
use the following email settings:  Courier 10 point.
(c) 2000 Business Wire. All of the releases provided by Business Wire
conventions. Information contained in the releases is furnished by
Business Wire`s members who are solely responsible for their content,
accuracy and originality. All reproduction, other than for an
individual user`s reference, is prohibited without prior written
permission.
conventions. Information contained in the releases is furnished by
Business Wire`s members who are solely responsible for their content,
accuracy and originality. All reproduction, other than for an
individual user`s reference, is prohibited without prior written
permission.
conventions. Information contained in the releases is furnished by
Business Wire`s members who are solely responsible for their content,
accuracy and originality. All reproduction, other than for an
individual user`s reference, is prohibited without prior written
permission.
12:24 16Aug2001 RSF-Canada blisters under "year with too much summer"
By Kanina Holmes
WINNIPEG, Manitoba, Aug 16 (Reuters) - Canadians, sometimes divided by regional differences, economic disparities or linguistic snits, find themselves united this summer by an uncomfortable phenomenon -- a national drought.
From Atlantic to Pacific, from the Arctic to the U.S. border, most of the world's second-largest country has been sweating through weeks of blistering heat that experts say could end up being the worst drought in decades.
"In many ways, this drought is the same tune that's being played right across the country. It's a different look, different season and different impact, but nevertheless, everybody has a water shortage problem in many parts of the country," said David Phillips, a senior climatologist with Environment Canada.
Whether it's fires raging in the forests of British Columbia and Quebec, barren Prairie plains or harsh restrictions on water usage in Ontario, many will remember the summer of 2001.
"It'll be memorable for the wrong reasons I think. Too much excess and not enough normal," said Phillips.
In parts of British Columbia, water management officials say the tinderbox conditions are largely the result of last winter's record low snowfall in the mountains.
"We've had normal summer in terms of rain. But we knew back in March with the low snowpack that if we had a normal summer we were going to be in trouble," said Jim Mattison, Water Management Director for B.C's Bureau of Sustainable Resources.
But the devastation is most apparent in Canada's breadbasket, the Prairies. Many farmers, especially in southern Alberta and Saskatchewan, have already written off their crops.
"I've been here since '63. I have never in my life, ever, seen anything like this," Norman Stienwand, a farmer in Castor, Alberta, told Reuters.
"IT'S BEYOND YOUR IMAGINATION"
"There's no water. The grasshoppers are so bad. It's beyond your imagination," said Stienwand who farms 1,080 hectares (2,700 acres) of grains and oilseeds and also raises beef cattle.
It has been so sweltering in his region, located about 160 km (100 miles) west of the Saskatchewan border, that some of Stienwand's farm machinery caught fire this week as he tried to bale a meager barley crop into hay for his livestock.
"It's just going to destroy a lot of farmers. They're just not going to come out of it," he said.
In June, the Alberta government declared a drought disaster to trigger emergency aid to livestock farmers struggling to feed and water their herds, and, as many of the withered and patchy crops are harvested, many analysts are already anticipating sharp reductions in yields and quality.
Last week, the Canadian Wheat Board, the marketer of western Canada's wheat, durum and barley crops, forecast a 10 to 15 percent decline in exports.
In Ontario, Canada's most populous province, prime agricultural areas have received only about 15 percent of the precipitation they would normally see.
"You wouldn't be able to fill a sardine can with the rain they've got since the twenty-second of June," said Phillips.
The drought has created ideal conditions for billions of Asian aphids to infest Ontario's soybean crop.
"I drive by and actually now I just shut my eyes and pretend I don't see it. It's just really, really, really dry," said Debbie Yuck, a farmer who lives near Ottawa and who has watched her corn whither and yellow over the past few weeks.
"When they come on (the radio) every morning and say it's a beautiful sunny day, great to be at the cottage, I think a beautiful day would a good downpour for about 16 hours," said Yuck.
Canada's largest city, Toronto, has experienced a record number of days with health alerts because of the heat and smog, with temperatures soaring as high as 37 C (99 F). Some Ontario residents now face fines for watering their yards.
An Ontario woman was recently charged for dropping incendiary material near a forest after she threw her lit cigarette butt on a road in front of a police officer.
"THE YEAR WITH TOO MUCH SUMMER"
"I wish I could come up with a word that would describe the misery and the hardship that urban and rural folk are feeling," said Phillips, a senior climatologist with Environment Canada who tracks national weather patters.
"I would describe it maybe as the year with too much summer."
The hot, dry spell could be a blow to the national economy. By the time the final bill is tallied for lost crops, aiding farmers, battling forest fires and generating more electricity, it could run into the billions.
Quebec's multibillion-dollar agricultural sector, which accounts for some 16 percent of the Canadian industry's revenues and produces 38 percent of the country's milk, has also been hard hit since early July.
In southern Quebec, where it has not rained for five weeks despite bouts of high heat and humidity, vegetable farmers have been working around the clock to save sun-ravaged crops.
"The farmers are on the edge of burn-out, they can barely stand up," said David St-Cyr, a spokesman for Quebec's powerful Agricultural Union.
The Atlantic provinces have also been caught in the oppressive heat, the result of massive high pressure systems in the United States that, for weeks, have blocked the circulation of other weather patterns trying to make their way north.
Clouds of red dust follow behind potato producers working the parched fields on Prince Edward Island, growers who may lose 25 percent of their crop. Blueberries in Nova Scotia and New Brunswick have shriveled to look like raisins.
"I think there are a majority of Canadians, probably, who can hardly wait for the winter. And I never thought I'd ever hear that," said Phillips.
(With additional reporting by Robert Melnbardis in Montreal and Allan Dowd in Vancouver)
((Winnipeg Reuters Bureau, 204 947-3548, fax 204 947-5167 email:toronto.newsroom@reuters.com For Related News, Double Click on one of these codes:
[nN16166160] [E] [U] [CAN] [C] [GRO] [G] [O] [ELN] [MTL] [SOF] [CA] [US] [GRA] [MEAL] [OILS] [LIV] [WEA] [NEWS] [ENV] [ENR] [ELG] [DIS] [HEA] [LEN] [RTRS] 
Thursday, 16 August 2001 12:24:30
RSF [Historical News] {C}
ENDS
17 August 2001
Brookhaven Energy Project Permit Application Ruled Complete by
New York State Regulators
(London - 17 August 2001) International Power plc, one of the world's
leading independent power producers, today announces that the New York State
Board on Electric Generation Siting and the Environment has accepted as
complete its application to build the Brookhaven Energy Project on Long
Island. The Siting Board's decision marks the beginning of the State's
formal review process, and is a key regulatory milestone for the 580-
megawatt natural gas fired electric generating facility. The ruling kicks-
off a yearlong review process that will involve public hearings.
International Power submitted the application for their proposed energy
facility with the Siting Board, as required under Article X of the State of
New York Public Service Law, on June 25, 2001. This application, which the
State ruled as meeting the minimum requirements for compliance, addresses
all of the pertinent environmental and siting issues of the project,
including its design, location, fuel use, and air and water quality.
"The New York Siting Board's ruling puts us a step closer to providing Long
Island with a clean and affordable new source of electric power," said Peter
Giller, International Power's Chief Executive Officer. "We are planning to
begin construction of Brookhaven in the third quarter of next year and
expect to have the plant in service by the end of 2004," he added.
For additional information, please contact:
Media contact:
(Europe)
Aarti Singhal
+44 (0)20-7320-8681
Media & Investor contact:
(United States)
Paul Parshley
+1 508-922-3124
Notes to Editors-
The Brookhaven Energy project is proposed for development on 28 acres of
industrially zoned land just south of the Long Island Expressway at exit 66
and along the southeast corner of Sills Road in the Town of Brookhaven. When
completed, the plant will provide enough energy to power over half a million
homes. The project will also result in additional significant benefits to
the region, including job creation and substantial tax benefits.
International Power plc is one of the world's leading independent electric
generating companies with over 8,850 MW (net) in operation, 2,350 MW (net)
under construction and approximately 8,000 MW (net) in advanced development.
Among the countries where International Power has operating facilities are
Australia, the United States, the United Kingdom, the Czech Republic,
Portugal, Turkey, Malaysia, Pakistan, and Thailand. International Power was
created from the demerger of National Power, and its shares began trading
independently on the London Stock Exchange and as ADRs on the New York Stock
Exchange on 2 October 2000. The ticker symbol on both stock exchanges
is "IPR".
To unsubscribe please go to
< 
13:39 20Aug2001 RSF-ANALYSIS-Brazil energy diet slims utilities' accounts
By Andrei Khalip
RIO DE JANEIRO, Brazil, Aug 20 (Reuters) - The latest corporate results by Brazilian power utilities provided only a glimpse of the impact of energy rationing that started in June, but enough for analysts to say the sector is probably the most hard-hit by Brazil's economic woes.
Coupled with a sharp depreciation of the real currency, which has lost about one-fourth of its dollar value so far this year, and an overall economic slowdown, power rationing should hammer energy companies further in coming months.
"Although the currency's depreciation was the main culprit of poor results in the second quarter and first half, power rationing has already shown its face," said Oswaldo Telles, power sector analyst with BBV Securities.
"And it will get worse for power utilities this quarter."
The government was forced to resort to tough power rationing in June, ordering Brazilians to knock 20 percent off their usual power consumption, in order to avert crippling blackouts amid an acute power shortage.
Brazil is dependent on hydroelectric plants for over 90 percent of its electricity. Two years of drought and full use of power stations' capacity to feed a growing economy dried up reservoir levels and triggered the worst energy crisis in at least 30 years in Latin America's largest country.
Rationing, due to last at least until November, means lower sales and revenues for power firms, while their costs and dollar-denominated debt get inflated by the real's losses.
"It's only the beginning of rationing, but it gives us an idea of how power utilities, distributors in particular, will be affected," said Eduardo de la Pena of Banco Santander. "I think we can say that they are suffering the most."
Out of electricity sector stocks, most analysts only have a buy recommendation for Copel      GOVERNMENT HELP SOUGHT
Among the big losers in the past six months were Sao Paulo's Cesp      Rio de Janeiro's power distributor Light      The main problem for companies is that the government fixes electricity prices in Brazil -- even though most distributors had long been privatized -- and allows the adjustments to compensate for higher costs only once a year.
"This year, their costs grew so violently that when the adjustments came it was about time to adjust tariffs again," said Telles. "But they just have to wait till next year.
Analysts said the only bright spot may be that the government will allow companies to start adjusting tariffs twice in one year. There are rumors of such a change although analysts recognize such an unpopular measure would be difficult in the run-up to presidential elections next year.
In an ironic twist, power distributors are now spending money on lawyers to defend in court the government's order for power switchoffs for quota-busters -- the measure that effectively slashes their revenues.
In the meantime, the companies are banking on an obscure contractual clause, known as Annex V, that should compensate them for lost revenue due to rationing. Some have even booked that gain in the latest results, although the government has so far not confirmed that it will pay.
"Annex V is the biggest question for power firms. If there is no compensation, they are screwed," said another analyst.
($1=2.5 reais)
((Rio de Janeiro Newsroom, 5521 223 7144))
For Related News, Double Click on one of these codes:
[nN20239370] [LIGH3.SA] [ELPL4.SA] [CPLE3.SA] [AES.N] [O] [OIL] [ELN] [E] [U] [T] [M] [D] [CRD] [BR] [LATAM] [EMRG] [ELG] [ENR] [RES] [US] [RESF] [LEN] [RTRS] [LIGH3] [ELPL4] [CPLE3] [AES] 
Monday, 20 August 2001 13:39:51
RSF [Historical News] {C}
ENDS
14:54 20Aug2001 RSF-Quebecers should have own citizenship - report
By Marianne White
QUEBEC CITY, Aug. 20 (Reuters) - In order to reaffirm the "precarious" status of French in North America, Quebecers should have their own citizenship, a provincial task force studying the status of the French language reported on Monday.
But Quebecers would not get a new passport or be asked to choose between Quebec or Canadian citizenship, the report added.
The goal is to make everyone, including new immigrants, English-speaking residents and native peoples, feel that they are part of Quebec, a French-speaking island in an English-dominated North America.
"We want to do that in a way in which people know that linguistic policy is a fundamental characteristic of this society," said the chairman of the task force, Gerald Larose, a trade unionist who favors Quebec's separation from Canada.
"As far as language is concerned, living in Quebec is not like living in Canada," Larose added.
The Quebec government reacted with caution to the recommendation of Quebec citizenship, saying on Monday that it shared the ideals that underlie the recommendation.
"We do need to have a welcoming ritual for immigrants in order to send a clear message," said Diane Lemieux, minister responsible for the French language, adding that the government would undertake an update of its language policy.
The language task force, which crisscrossed the predominantly French-speaking province, which is three times the size of France, over the past 12 months, unveiled 149 recommendations on Monday.
It urged the Quebec government to ask for full control over immigration to ensure new arrivals will learn French, a recommendation that is not likely to please the federal government which controls immigration in conjunction with provincial governments.
The report also recommends a provincial exam for all new teachers to test their fluency in French, and says that if they fail they should not be hired. It also proposes increasing teaching hours for French, delaying the introduction of English teaching in schools by several years, and protecting the rights of Quebecers to work in French.
About 82 percent of Quebec's six million people describe French is their mother tongue. French has been Quebec's official language since 1974 and by law must dominate commercial signs, although other languages may also appear. Quebec has 1.4 million people whose first language is not French.
Language can be an emotional and divisive issue in Quebec, which has held two referendums on separating from Canada. In the last one, in 1995, Quebecers voted to remain in Canada only by a razor-thin margin.
English and French have been Canada's two official languages since 1969, with both languages spoken widely throughout the nation's history
(Marianne White, Reuters Quebec City Bureau, 418-648-6442, fax 418-648-8234, marianne.white@reuters.com For Related News, Double Click on one of these codes:
[nN20321468] [CAN] [G] [RNP] [DNP] [PGE] [CA] [NEWS] [EDU] [LIF] [POL] [LEN] [RTRS] 
Monday, 20 August 2001 14:54:03
RSF [Historical News] {C}
ENDS
Damn, it's good to be a man 
Your last name stays put.
The garage is all  yours.
Wedding plans take care of themselves.
Chocolate is just another snack.
You can be president.
You  can wear a white T-shirt to a water park.
Car  mechanics tell you the truth.
The world is your  urinal.
You never have to drive to another gas  station because this one's just
icky.
Same work, more pay.
Wrinkles add character.
Wedding dress - $5000; tux rental - $100.
People never stare at your chest when you're talking to them.
The occasional  well-rendered belch is practically expected.
New shoes don't cut, blister, or mangle your  feet.
One mood, ALL the damn time.
Phone conversations are over in 30 seconds flat.
You know stuff about tanks.
A five-day vacation requires only one suitcase.
You can open all your own jars.
You get extra credit for the slightest act of thoughtfulness.
If someone forgets to invite  you to something, he or she can still be a
friend.
Your  underwear is $8.95 for a three-pack.
If you are  34 and single, nobody notices.
Everything on  your face stays its original color.
Three pairs  of shoes are more than enough.
You don't have  to stop and think of which way to turn a nut on a  bolt.
You almost never have strap problems in  public.
You are unable to see wrinkles in your  clothes.
The same hairstyle lasts for years,  maybe decades.
You don't have to shave below  your neck.
Your belly usually hides your big  hips.
One wallet and one pair of shoes, one  color, all seasons.
You can "do" your nails with a pocketknife.
You  have freedom of choice concerning growing a mustache.
You can do Christmas shopping for 25  relatives, on December 24, in 45
minutes.
We will be in town homes?;
PT
You boys gonna be in H-town Labor Day weekend?  I'm either coming in that
weekend or the weekend after 
Chris
Lloyd, thought we could bring this guy in for an interview.
Paul
Hi everyone! 
I have some pictures from the wedding I thought you might like: 
Sincerely, 
Jennifer Cronquist 
- IMG11.JPG 
- IMG12.JPG 
- IMG04.JPG 
- IMG10.JPG 
- IMG09.JPG 
raquel.nunes@us.abb.com on 05/08/2001 12:42:44 PM
(See attached file: houston.xls)
The number in red are people I am pretty sure won't  come
Love
me
- houston.xls 
Paul D Thomas
05/10/2001 02:09 PM
Paul D Thomas
05/10/2001 01:33 PM
FYI
Andy Pottage
15/05/2001 16:23
FYI
Andy.
Water Control Associates (WCA) will give you this Friday a Firm price for
the complete Design and required Bill of Materials for the Zero Discharge
Equipment, along with estimated equipment budget costs. They will try and
come up with Firm Equipment pricing the following Friday. The proposal will
be submitted by Gus Stasche at WCA and his Email is gowca1@aol.com
Alan Armour
Alan,
Can you provide a budget proposal by close of business Friday 18 May 2001
and follow up with fixed price proposal by Friday 25 May 2001.
,
Andy Pottage
Purchasing Manager
NEPCO Europe Limited
Andy. Oops!  missed an n in Enron, trust you  receive this okay.
Alan Armour
Andy. We have received an RFQ for the subject  Plant. As mentioned to Alice
this morning it would not be possible to come up  with firm numbers for the
system by Friday. Do you need firm proposal or budget  pricing?
Further, Water Control Associates (WCA) would offer  an alternate side
stream system to that specified.
It would not make sense to supply tanks piping etc  from US sources for a
project in Italy. What  Water Control Associates could do is create the
design and specify the equipment  required to be primarily sourced in
Europe. For a cooling tower project in Chile  for Kvaerner (Vancouver) we
did just that, where some equipment bought by  Kvaerner came from USA and
other materials locally in Chile. WCA have a system  operating in Turkey.
Please refer the web page www.uswca.com.
Before we can go any further, please  reply.
Thank You
Alan Armour
Coast Turbo Inc (Reps Pacific  Northwest)
604-987-5684
fax 987-3353
Diana,
I would like to get together regarding the NYISO P&L download... there are few problem that I am encountering when running the download.  Let me know when you have a some time.
Paul
3-0403
Rika, 
I have had a request and I also think it is a good idea to put the regional gas price for the following regions.
PJM - Transco Zone 6 Non New York
NY - Transco Zone 6 New York
NEPOOL - Algonquin
The heat rates would then be calculated off the appropriate regional gas price.
Thanks
Paul
I think it would be a good idea to attend this training 
Let me know your schedules.
Paul
get guys to one of these meetings barkerde@nmenergy.com@lists.thebiz.net on 05/22/2001 07:20:49
Please respond to market_relations@nyiso.com
Sent by:	owner-nyiso_tech_exchange@lists.thebiz.net
barkerde@nmenergy.com writes to the NYISO_TECH_EXCHANGE Discussion List:
For those that thought CSS (aka CIT) was dead ( NYISO announcement May 2 ,MOU
Mtg Springfield Mass. and C. King's 4/26 E Mail) rejoice, It is alive and well
.See Below 
Message sent from the pjm-customer-info mailing list at
pjm-customer-info@majordomo.pjm.com:
On June 12, PJM will implement the Collaborative Scheduling System (CSS), a new
scheduling tool designed to facilitate transaction schedules between New York
and PJM.
CSS will become part of the EES tool now used to schedule transactions from and
to PJM neighbors.
PJM will offer several two-hour "virtual" workshops to introduce the new system.
Participants who now use EES and will use CSS are encouraged to attend one of
these workshops.  The dates for the workshops are: May 31 at 10:00 a.m., June 5
at 2:00 p.m. or June 11 at 2:00 p.m. The workshops will be presented on the
internet with audio teleconference.
A complete description of the new tool, the training program, and a registration
form for the program are available on the PJM web site at
Please DO NOT REPLY to this message. If you have a question for PJM Customer
Relations and Training, please complete and submit this form:
To unsubscribe from this list, send an e-mail to majordomo@majordomo.pjm.com
containing only the following line in the body of the e-mail:
unsubscribe pjm-customer-info
Lets talk about this to see how it might affect us 
Paul
DDidio@nyiso.com on 05/22/2001 11:09:14
Dan DiDio
Customer Relations
518-356-6097
pmorrison@nyiso.com                      05/17/2001 03:44 PM                     Please respond to                     market_relations   
pmorrison@nyiso.com writes to the NYISO_TECH_EXCHANGE Discussion List:
Dear Market Participants,
The NYISO is pleased to inform you about the following
enhancements to the MIS, OASIS and BAS that will be
implemented on May 29, 2001.
* Changes will be made to the Market Information System (MIS) to
make in-hour curtailment prioritization of transactions more
consistent with the BME scheduling process. Specific changes will
be made to:
- the NERC / ranked ordering,
- the addition of message for ICAP recall,
- the exclusion of Federal contracts from ICAP transactions
recalled, and
- the inclusion of exports from LBMP reference bus as ICAP
transactions.
* Also, for a transaction with an external source, the decremental
dollar will no longer be calculated. Please see Technical Bulletin
#61 for more information regarding transaction curtailments.
* Changes will also be made to the MIS to remove the $20,000 bias
from day ahead external transactions.
* New data will be posted to the NYISO OASIS web site to enhance
the presentation of real time data. The elements being added to
the web site include zonal real time (5 minute) load values and
zonal forecast load values. Consistent with a resolution passed by
the Business Issues Committee (BIC), zones J & K will be combined.
* The Shared Activation of Reserves (SAR) package on the real time
system will be enhanced to accommodate support for Hydro Quebec
(HQ) wheel-through transactions.
* The NYISO Day-ahead Price Responsive Load Program will be
implemented in both the MIS and the Billing and Accounting (BAS)
systems. The Day-ahead Price Responsive Load program offers
NYISO Customers the ability to supply a bid to the MIS indicating
the cost at which it will reduce its demand by a specified number
of MWs. The program will make use of the existing bidding and
scheduling web pages and upload / download templates.  However,
you must register for this program. Contact your Customer
Relations representative for details. Documents containing
instructions with more details will be issued soon.
* Other changes to the Billing & Accounting system (BAS) will
incorporate changes to the Daily Advisory Statements that will
provide additional columns of information on the Power Suppliers
section of the advisory. Also, new CSV reports will be provided
that give more detailed load information and static sub-zone
definition. More information will be provided soon about a
software tool to filter this new data.  It will be provided for
Market Participants whose automated data retrieval systems are not
prepared to receive the revised Daily Advisory statement.
Change #'s:
SWHE-4WQLHZ; KKIR-4WQLHE; VLEE-4WQQGL; RDEY-4WTLS6; DCUK-4WRGYU
If you notice any NYISO systems behave other than intended after
the scheduled implementation date, please let us know immediately.
It will be helpful if you refer to this notice if you communicate with
us about these changes.
Thank you,
Customer Relations
phone: 518-356-6060
Tomorrow is the CSS Training program for PJM.  CSS will now be a part of the EED tool not used to schedule transactions from and to PJM neighbors.
It is an online training session.  Please let me know if you can't attend.
Date : 6/5
Time : 2:00 PM
It will be in conference room 3125b
Paul
The eData LOg on screen is not appearing after clicking on the eData icon.  It seems to lock up 
Any ideas.
Paul Thomas
Enron Corp
713-853-0403
Aaron,
The house we live in is about 1700 Sq foot.. older home that needed some fixing up.  At the time I thought we paid too much, however prices in the neighborhood skyrocketed just after we bought the home.  The Houston Texans (a very original name) have developed the new stadium and have torn down some of the seedier hotels in the area in their wake.  Also, they have totally redone South Main Blvd creating a nice thoroughfare. The area is experincing a lot of renovation which is adding value to the neighborhood!  However, home values go up and down just like the stock market.  Most important thing is that we like the home and are very comfortable there.
When we had the house remodeled it was a nightmare, I think the guy was an alcoholic and he did a half ass job.  I prefer to do it myself, I like the way it looks when I do it and it is whole lot cheaper.  One day the contractor almost died in the house... he lost his tooth and proceeded to take a bunch of Advil to ease the pain; however he did this on an empty stomach.  He had to be rushed to the hospital and was there for a week!  He ended up returning and finishing the job?!?!  Anyways, I have to say that it was a good learning experience and next time I will have a better idea on how to get things done.  It was hard to organize and quality assure the job since I had just started a demanding job here at Enron.  All in all, I think France or US you run into the same types of problems with contractors 
Talking about wild flowers and plants.. the same is true for Costa Rica.   Plants that only grow indoors with great care in Houston grow like weeds in Costa Rica.  I recommend that on your places to go list.
Merry Christmas, Feliz Natal, and Feliz Navidad
Later
Paul
Cher Paul:
That sounds like a nice marriage.  When we got married it was nothing
extraordinary, just a small and informal marriage celebration.
Yeah, I know Braeswood and Buffalo.  I'm sure you paid a pretty penny for
the neighbourhood -- it's a nice area.  We've done horrendous amounts of
work to our apartment.  We are doing something like a loft with it and we
had to gut it by removing most of the walls and floors, etc.  Soon we will
be putting in a mezzanine floor (it's a trendy thing here).  We had two huge
bins full of debris in front of our home for about a week!  Artisans in
France don't like working very much and when they decide to work they do
just enough of it to get by so customers are very unsatisfied when they are
finished.  Inevitably, the customer must always bargain the price down at
the end because more artisans must be hired to come in and finish all that
which was not done.  It's a hell of a mess but to be fair the same problems
exist in the States it's just that I've never owned a home before.  In the
end I decided it's much easier and faster to do it yourself and bypass the
contractor all together.  Plus you can do a much better job yourself!
Yes, I need to go to Rio.  I've been to Hawaii and to date it is the most
beautiful place I have ever seen.  Waikiki has exotic flowers -- that cost
$15 a piece anywhere else -- growing on the sidewalks like any ordinary
flower 
BTW, I was thoroughly impressed with Yosemite.  I've been trying to plan a
vacation back there ever since we left.
Kudos,
Aaron
Well Aaron,
It is great to hear that you are doing well.
Yes, Raquel and I ( the same gal I was dating at Genesis) ended up tying
the knot in late April in Rio.  We got married in small church on the
Lagoa, quite a beautiful place to get married.  Above the church sat the
giant statue of Christ the Redeemer looking down on us.  My parents, family
and friends attended and I know what you mean by fish out of the water!
We bought a house over off of Buffalo and Braeswood.   I too have learned a
lot about fixing up homes, it is something that I have actually begun to
enjoy.  The house is great except for the mortgage that we owe to the bank.
We are now considering paying it off, however I am not sure for how much
longer we will live there. Therefore, not sure if we really want to pay it
off.
As far as children go, we are still waiting for the right time.  I imagine
we will have one in a year or so... right now we are enjoying taking
vacations on a whim.  Went to Rio in early Sept and got stuck there for
week and 1/2 due to the terrorist attacks.  Not such a bad place to be
stuck.  I definitely would encourage you to take a trip there.  It is
different from most great cities in the world.  For example Paris, Rome,
London, NYC are all famous for the great buildings, etc... however, Rio is
one of the most naturally beautiful places you will ever see (as far as a
city settings go).  The huge majestic tropical mountains merging with the
white sand beaches and blue sea.  It is the cidade maravillosa 
Take care and have a great Christmas.
Paul
Hi Paul:
How have you been?  How is Enron treating you?, well I hope?
Yeah, we moved to Lyon at the beginning of 2000.  When looking at a map
of
our solar system, Lyon is practically in the center of France.  We're
more
or less located at the foot of the French Alps.  At about a million
people,
Lyon is smaller than Houston.
Because of the Internet Boom, my Internet investments appreciated enough
to
buy us an apartment in an old neighbourhood located in the center of the
city.  We've been renovating it ever since.  I've learned a hell of a
lot
about working on homes!
Before David Underwood got fired he told me that you got married and
bought
a house in or near Linkwood (off Stella Link).  I imagine you married
that
young Brazilian lady that you were dating while at Genesis?
F?licitations!
Have you been to Brazil?  I'd like to see it one day if ever the
opportunity
presents itself.  Since you're hitched now, I guess you are obligated to
have children soon 
So yes, since the 22nd of September I've been the proud father of a baby
girl -- Camille.  She's a real angel and quite a character too (read
rascal).  I hope Enron allows you to receive e-mail attachments that are
not
work related because I've attached a photo of her that is as recent as
tonight.  She's got brown eyes like her mommy.
I heard you went to NYC.  How did you like it?  I love NYC and I was
just
there one week ago!  No matter how many times I go there I will never
run
out of things to do.  This last time I saw an exhibit on Brazil at the
Guggenheim.  There are still a number of museums and neighbourhoods that
I've not seen so I know I will return.  Actually, I ponder the idea of
getting a small apartment there so that we can go and soak up a little
American culture for six months at a time (NYC is only six hours from
Paris).  Since Camille is American, I think this would be good for her.
Of
course the problem is the price of an apartment.  It's bloody expensive,
mate.  (Stress BLOODY)  I asked one agency and they told me $450,000 for
a
studio apartment in a nice area on Manhattan (I don't know how accurate
this
off-the-cuff quote was).  That's a little too much for me unless I get a
mortgage which I horror the idea of owing any bank money.  Perhaps
something
cheaper can be found in a crack neighbourhood.  You know, the ones with
ugly
whores hanging around every small street intersection.  Then there's
Harlem,
maybe I can get a pad next to Clinton's.
June 10th, 2000, we got married for a second time.  The marriage was in
France and all my in-laws attended as well as my mother and aunt too.
They
(my mother and aunt) were a little shocked to say the least.  They speak
no
French and were like fish out of water (to say the least).  But you
didn't
hear this from me.
I've tons of little day-to-day stories that are worth a laugh but this
e-mail covers all the big stuff that's been happening.
Aaron
This e-mail is the property of Genesis Business Management Systems, Inc.
and/or its relevant
affiliate and may contain confidential and privileged material for the
sole
use of the intended
recipient (s). Any review, use, distribution or disclosure by others is
strictly prohibited. If you
are not the intended recipient (or authorized to receive for the
recipient),
please contact the
sender or reply to Genesis at get.one@life.com and delete all copies of
the
message. This
e-mail (and any attachments hereto) are not intended to be an offer (or
an
acceptance) and
do not create or evidence a binding and enforceable contract between
Genesis
(or any of its
affiliates) and the intended recipient or any other party, and may not
be
relied on by anyone
as the basis of a contract by estoppel or otherwise. Thank you.
Aaron,
How are you doing?  How is France?  I imagine that it has been a great
experience for you to live in another country and get to know another
culture?
Anyways, I just talked your mom and she let me know that you are a
dad!!! Congrats!!
Let me know how are things are going?
Paul
- Camille2.jpg  
Grace, can you please PDF this PP Presenation under for the NE.
Thanks,
Paul
Attached FYI is the weekly update prepared by the NYISO. In addition, several noteworthy actions were taken at Wednesday's Management Committee meeting:
ICAP: Culminating an 18-month effort that I have been chairing, the MC gave final approval to two fundamental changes to NY's ICAP market, that, if approved by FERC, would go into effect on Nov.1, 2001, with the start of the winter capability period. The first changes the nature of determining the product to be bought and sold from one based on tests results (ICAP) to one that includes, as an element, a unit's forced outage rate (referred to as unforced capacity or UCAP). The design adopted by NY is very similar to the accreditation system that has been used in PJM for many years.  It will reward units that are more available than the average unit in the state, and incent the below average units to improve their availability. The second major change adopted moves NY to a monthly procurement requirement for loads. The current requirement is six months at a time. The change should facilitate customer switching under retail access programs and avoid the experience just witnessed in upstate NY for this summer capability period, where 1400 MW of load were deficient and got stuck paying a huge deficiency price for the entire six month period. Under the revised program, load could cover their positions month by month. This latter change was approved by the MC over the objections of the PSC and certain utilities, who continued to argue that any change to the current ICAP rules may damage NY's reliability.=20
Penalty and Public Disclosure Provisions: In a surprise vote, the PSC-led effort to get the MC to approve additions to the ISO's Market Mitigation Plan that would add penalty and public disclosure provisions for parties whose bids are mitigated by the ISO was defeated when only 55% voted for the measure. (A 58% vote is required for passage.) An earlier version of the proposal had been passed by the MC but had been rejected by the ISO Board because it applied only to suppliers and not to all market participants found to engage in behavior detrimental to the market. The PSC-led effort to respond to the Board's concerns apparently caused enough supporters of the original version to change their vote this time around. Whether this effort is resurrected again (by the PSC/utilities or the Board itself) may hinge on what FERC decides with respect to the circuit breaker proposal pending before FERC. The ISO Board has made clear it wants something in effect this summer to help it  manage price spikes.
Unbundling of Schedule 1 Charges: Efforts to finalize the unbundling of the ISO's fixed schedule 1 charges (nearly $100 million a year) were sent back to a working group for further work. However, the direction to be taken for some issues appears clear.=20
TCCs: We succeeded in convincing the group that no costs should be assigned to existing TCCs, and that if costs are to be assigned to this market, they should be allocated on the basis of the relative price paid for the TCCs compared to the annual auction revenues, rather than on the basis of number of TCCs purchased.
Exports and Wheelthroughs: We succeeded in getting a separate category created for these transactions that will result in $/MWH costs that are much less than what is currently charged. Conversely, there is now likely to be a small charge on imports into NY; however, since all generation will be hit with this charge, it should be reflected in everyone's bids equally and simply passed on to the loads through the market clearing price.
The exact amount of these various charges will depend on resolution of a number of issues including whether the TOs should be assessed a portion of the ISO's overhead right off the top.
=09kkranz@nyiso.com Sent by: owner-nyiso_bic@lists.nyiso.com 06/08/2001 12:
Dear Members of the MC, BIC, OC, and TIE List,
Attached, please find the NYISO Weekly Update.  This Update
is written jointly by Mollie Lampi and other NYISO staff.
The NYISO Weekly Update provides a brief status report of, or
progress on, a range of issues that are under discussion at NYISO
Committee meetings or are being undertaken by NYISO Staff.
Many, but not all, of these issues are being addressed through the
NYISO Committee structure.  Market participants may raise any
comments or questions on items covered in the update through
the Committee structure, or directly to Mollie Lampi (mlampi@nyiso.com 
Prior editions of the Weekly Update on the "NYISO Committees"
page of the NYISO web site:
 Committees ---> Weekly Update
or by clicking on the following link:
(See attached file: weekly060801.PDF)
- weekly060801.PDF
Houdini was the first man to fly an airplane solo in Australia.
Paul,
During testing of the NYISO Deal Upload I noticed that there are many hourly deals in Enpower for the same NYISO Transaction ID.
Please tell your guys that if this is going to work there can only be ONE deal in Enpower for EACH NY trans id.
__
The testing is almost complete - as it stands now the upload can be used for NE-PHYS deals (I have updated 6/1-6/18), but until we resolved
The problem mentioned above it can NOT be used for HRLY-NE deals.
There are still some enhancements needed for error/warning processing and reporting and researching.
Thanks,
Rebecca
I think the not sharing the room is the part that I should be worrried about... would not want to be in a confined space with you taking YAMS!
Paul,
I spoke with David Lawrence.  He did indicate that there would be slide presentations available prior to the meeting with which conference-call participants could use to keep up but acknowledged that attendance would probably be more effective.  I'd suggest talking with Dana about the prospect of attending.
Tom--let me know what you'd prefer & if Dana wants Paul to attend we can make arrangements together (as long as I don't have to share a room with Paul).
Jeff
Folks,
We should have a couple of people take part in this training.  Dana/Paul, do you have anyone taking part 
Jeff, would you talk to the contact person listed below and find out if you think it is worth sending someone or if we can get enough benefit by participating via teleconference?
Thanks,
Tom.
MRyanTaber@nyiso.com writes to the NYISO_TECH_EXCHANGE Discussion List:
Dear Market Participants,
The NYISO will conduct a one half-day training session on bidding into the
Day-Ahead Demand Response Program (DADRP) on Friday, June 29, 2001 from
9:30 am - noon.
This training is open to both Market Participants and end-use customers
that are planning to participate in DADRP.
This session will also be available via teleconference.
Dial in Number:  954-797-1657
Participant Code: 134273
If you have any questions, please contact David Lawrence at 518-356-6084 or
via email at dlawrence@nyiso.com.
,
Monica Ryan-Taber
518-356-6222
Narsimha,
Niether Jeff or I are going to be able to attend this.. thought you might be interested.
Paul,
I spoke with David Lawrence.  He did indicate that there would be slide presentations available prior to the meeting with which conference-call participants could use to keep up but acknowledged that attendance would probably be more effective.  I'd suggest talking with Dana about the prospect of attending.
Tom--let me know what you'd prefer & if Dana wants Paul to attend we can make arrangements together (as long as I don't have to share a room with Paul).
Jeff
Folks,
We should have a couple of people take part in this training.  Dana/Paul, do you have anyone taking part 
Jeff, would you talk to the contact person listed below and find out if you think it is worth sending someone or if we can get enough benefit by participating via teleconference?
Thanks,
Tom.
MRyanTaber@nyiso.com writes to the NYISO_TECH_EXCHANGE Discussion List:
Dear Market Participants,
The NYISO will conduct a one half-day training session on bidding into the
Day-Ahead Demand Response Program (DADRP) on Friday, June 29, 2001 from
9:30 am - noon.
This training is open to both Market Participants and end-use customers
that are planning to participate in DADRP.
This session will also be available via teleconference.
Dial in Number:  954-797-1657
Participant Code: 134273
If you have any questions, please contact David Lawrence at 518-356-6084 or
via email at dlawrence@nyiso.com.
,
Monica Ryan-Taber
518-356-6222
Thanks,
I appreciate the great work!  Like we said, come over around 2:30 and we can go over the procedures.
Paul
I researched all the errors and they were deal entry problems on the scheduler or trader's side, not program errors.
I think is looks good and can be moved into production.
We will have to watch it closely for a while and the might be some small changes or enhancements, but overall I think it is done.
I will get together with the schedulers and traders sometime today to show them what to do.
Thanks for all your hard work.
Rebecca
Mark,
We need a few links to added to the East Power Web Site... the following links
PJM PRICE SUMMARY
NEW YORK ISO PRICE SUMMARY
NEW YORK eDATA
Add the following links under daily information.
Let me know if you have any questions.
Thanks,
Paul
Thanks for adding the links.
Paul
Mark,
We need a few links to added to the East Power Web Site... the following links
PJM PRICE SUMMARY
NEW YORK ISO PRICE SUMMARY
NEW YORK eDATA
Add the following links under daily information.
Let me know if you have any questions.
Thanks,
Paul
Paul......I talked with Frank at NYISO. He said that you are able to get the invoice info off of their website. Just go to OASIS/bidding and scheduling/user login. I believe you were going to admin login earlier. Anyway, can you take a look at it and let me know what you find? Thanks.
Jim Cashion
Enron Power Marketing, Inc
713-345-2714
jim.cashion@
Please note:   This tour is scheduled for tomorrow - June 29, 2001, not July 29th.  Sorry for the confusion.
The Enron Center South building tour is scheduled for Friday, July 29, 2001.  Please meet down in the PLAZA near the round security desk promptly at 3:30 p.m.  Hardhats and safety glasses will be available at that time.
Please note:  No sandals, open-toe or tennis shoes/sneakers allowed.  Hard-soled shoes only.
Thank you.
We would like to set up a tour of the new building for June 29, 2001 for the following people.
1. Peter Makkai
2. Ben Rogers
3. Paul Thomas
4. Larry Campbell
5. Corry Willis
6. Willis Philip
7. Joe Stepenovitch
If you have any questions please let me know.
Thanks
Lisa x39194
The 01 plants are on the intranet
It is order number 700105486550
Thanks
Please provide us with the transaction id number so we can research your
order.
Thank you,
Jaynie Evans
Customer Service Manager
Wanted to see if you have shipped my CD?
I ordered the Tina Turner Simply the best CD 
Peterman,
Can you to talk to Marci and get this resolved.
PT
Paul 
This is a purchase from DP&L for 50 MWh HE 11 - 23 at a PJM W Hub index price.  It is not in the hourly P&L and not routed in scheduling.  I am getting word from the counterparty that it did not happen.  Can you shed some light so we can settle with DP&L?
Thanks,
Marci
I just tried to call you
what's going on over there? ch 11 soon?
_________________________________________________________________
Honey,
I really do not know what to say so why don't you send me a line that I can attach my resume with.. Thanks Bunda
Love
ME
Prezado Nelson , conforme o combinado com o Joao, anexo meu curriculo.
Nelson.Moczydlower@Halliburton.com
Currently, we have a corporate guarantee of $20MM, however I believe that this number can be reduced to $10MM or less.  NY will should be able to tell them exactly how much credit they will need to post in order to own this portfolio.
What is the collateral requirement for these TCCs?  Edison Mission is inquiring because they would need to post with the NYISO.  Nick
Dear Enron GMAT students,
Due to the current circumstances, we will be moving all of our current Enron
GMAT classes from the Enron building to our main office location.  The
schedules will remain the same, but your class will now be meeting at 701
North Post Oak Road, Suite #8.  If you have any other questions, please give
us a call.  We hope the best for your future.
The Princeton Review
713-688-5500
As far as I know you still have a job.  So, the answer is yes.
Paul,
As of today, if I have not been called, am I supposed to assume I still have a job  
Thanks,
David
Baby, that looks great.. thanks for taking care of that!
Love
ME
Raquel Nunes Thomas
_________________________________________________________________
Well Aaron,
It is great to hear that you are doing well 
Yes, Raquel and I ( the same gal I was dating at Genesis) ended up tying the knot in late April in Rio.  We got married in small church on the Lagoa, quite a beautiful place to get married.  Above the church sat the giant statue of Christ the Redeemer looking down on us.  My parents, family and friends attended and I know what you mean by fish out of the water!
We bought a house over off of Buffalo and Braeswood.   I too have learned a lot about fixing up homes, it is something that I have actually begun to enjoy.  The house is great except for the mortgage that we owe to the bank.  We are now considering paying it off, however I am not sure for how much longer we will live there. Therefore, not sure if we really want to pay it off 
As far as children go, we are still waiting for the right time.  I imagine we will have one in a year or so... right now we are enjoying taking vacations on a whim.  Went to Rio in early Sept and got stuck there for week and 1/2 due to the terrorist attacks.  Not such a bad place to be stuck.  I definitely would encourage you to take a trip there.  It is different from most great cities in the world.  For example Paris, Rome, London, NYC are all famous for the great buildings, etc... however, Rio is one of the most naturally beautiful places you will ever see (as far as a city settings go).  The huge majestic tropical mountains merging with the white sand beaches and blue sea.  It is the cidade maravillosa 
Take care and have a great Christmas.
Paul
Hi Paul:
How have you been?  How is Enron treating you?, well I hope?
Yeah, we moved to Lyon at the beginning of 2000.  When looking at a map of
our solar system, Lyon is practically in the center of France.  We're more
or less located at the foot of the French Alps.  At about a million people,
Lyon is smaller than Houston.
Because of the Internet Boom, my Internet investments appreciated enough to
buy us an apartment in an old neighbourhood located in the center of the
city.  We've been renovating it ever since.  I've learned a hell of a lot
about working on homes!
Before David Underwood got fired he told me that you got married and bought
a house in or near Linkwood (off Stella Link).  I imagine you married that
young Brazilian lady that you were dating while at Genesis?  F?licitations!
Have you been to Brazil?  I'd like to see it one day if ever the opportunity
presents itself.  Since you're hitched now, I guess you are obligated to
have children soon 
So yes, since the 22nd of September I've been the proud father of a baby
girl -- Camille.  She's a real angel and quite a character too (read
rascal).  I hope Enron allows you to receive e-mail attachments that are not
work related because I've attached a photo of her that is as recent as
tonight.  She's got brown eyes like her mommy.
I heard you went to NYC.  How did you like it?  I love NYC and I was just
there one week ago!  No matter how many times I go there I will never run
out of things to do.  This last time I saw an exhibit on Brazil at the
Guggenheim.  There are still a number of museums and neighbourhoods that
I've not seen so I know I will return.  Actually, I ponder the idea of
getting a small apartment there so that we can go and soak up a little
American culture for six months at a time (NYC is only six hours from
Paris).  Since Camille is American, I think this would be good for her.  Of
course the problem is the price of an apartment.  It's bloody expensive,
mate.  (Stress BLOODY)  I asked one agency and they told me $450,000 for a
studio apartment in a nice area on Manhattan (I don't know how accurate this
off-the-cuff quote was).  That's a little too much for me unless I get a
mortgage which I horror the idea of owing any bank money.  Perhaps something
cheaper can be found in a crack neighbourhood.  You know, the ones with ugly
whores hanging around every small street intersection.  Then there's Harlem,
maybe I can get a pad next to Clinton's.
June 10th, 2000, we got married for a second time.  The marriage was in
France and all my in-laws attended as well as my mother and aunt too.  They
(my mother and aunt) were a little shocked to say the least.  They speak no
French and were like fish out of water (to say the least).  But you didn't
hear this from me.
I've tons of little day-to-day stories that are worth a laugh but this
e-mail covers all the big stuff that's been happening.
,
Aaron
Aaron,
How are you doing?  How is France?  I imagine that it has been a great
experience for you to live in another country and get to know another
culture?
Anyways, I just talked your mom and she let me know that you are a
dad!!! Congrats!!
Let me know how are things are going?
Paul
- Camille2.jpg  
I am going to go today.. I need to go.. I have really lost interest in the class.  I am really not that motivated right now.
I hope your back is feeling better I am going to show Eric Saibi our house and then proabaly have lunch with.  He just got back from his fathers funeral yesterday.
Love ME
How is your day going?
Are you going to the GMat class today?
Call me when you get this message
Love
me
Sorry for saying that.. did not mean to upset my honey.
I am tired.
Love ME 
How is your day going?
Are you going to the GMat class today?
Call me when you get this message
Love
me
 >Heart Doctor & Mechanic
 >A mechanic was removing a cylinder head from the motor of a
 >Harley, when he spotted a world-famous heart surgeon in his
 >shop. The heart surgeon was waiting for the service manager
 >to come take a look at his bike. The mechanic shouted across
 >the garage, "Hey Doc can I ask you a question?"
 >The famous surgeon, a bit surprised, walked over to the
 >mechanic working on the motorcycle.
 >The mechanic straightened up, wiped his hands on a rag and
 >asked, "So Doc, look at this engine. I also can open hearts,
 >take valves out, fix 'em, put in new parts and when I finish
 >this will work just like a new one. So how come I get a
 >pittance and you get the really big money, when you and I
 >are doing basically the same work?"
 >The surgeon paused, smiled and leaned over, and whispered
 >to the mechanic > >..."Try doing it with the engine running!"