I'm in for Wed. night Kick Off Dance, tell me when & where to meet you!
DB
Three interesting things  
1.  The Steer Starletts Fundraiser we think is  going on this Thursday night.  It is a very good Rodeo social  event.  Lots of honies, free drinks and free food.  I will keep you  posted.  I should find out for sure today that it is going on.
2.  The Rodeo Kickoff dance is going on next  Wednesday the 16th.  You and Travis are invited to come with me if ya'll  would like.  Or meet me somewhere in the area.  It starts at 7:30 or  something like that.
3.  On Friday night some of us are going to  the Firehouse to celebrate Barbara Prukop's 35th birthday.  Ya'll are  invited to that also.
So let me know something about joining us for any  of the above social events.
Scott
This is certainly a project that will make our lives more difficult for a
while, but will be worth it in the long run.  Thank you, Pat for the email.
Mary G. Strickland
passed on from our friend  H.I. Carlson
Two days have gone and past manty times sice I requested the procedure for returning DVDs from your company that I did not order nor desire.  Please have a representitive call me or e-mail, quickly!  If you do not I shall take further action, due to, your company charging me for product that I have not requested 
Don Baughman
281-787-0029
Thank you for contacting us!
We appreciate your patience -- we're making every effort to respond to
your e-mail as soon as possible .  Due to the volume of email messages
we receive, please allow 2 business days for a response should one be
necessary.
Thanks again!
Customer Service
If you are driving this fast.  Slow  down!
- pic00041.jpg 
Thursday Jan 10
The big boat show is going on through the 13th.  Anybody wanna go?  Give
me possible days during the week you can attend.
The enclosed Excel file contains the Top 42 Transmission Providers needed to physically move power in the Eastern Interconnect.  Bill Rust will be the focus point for contacting the transmission providers and determining the means that we shall employ to ensure the execution of the pertinent Transmission Agreements.
If there are any questions, please call Don Baughman or Corry Bentley.
Don Baughman
713-853-0392 
281-787-0029 Cell
The file also resides at M:\Electric\Transmission\Transmission Providers (Essential for Physical).xls
Do you already have this list.   Please send all templates to Chris Calger, Elizabeth Sager, and Mitch Robinson.
thanks.
Alan and Kevin -- The transmission agreement list attached can be used to prioritize or assign commercial people to transmission/pool agreements.  It is not correct on the timing under the pools, so don't rely on that column.
 A newlywed couple had only been married for two weeks. The husband,
 although very much in love, couldn't wait to go out on the town and party
 with his old buddies. So, he said to his new wife, "Honey, I'll be right
 back > "Where are you going, coochy cooh...?" asked the wife.
 "I'm going to the bar, pretty face. I'm going to have a beer."
 The wife said, "You want a beer, my love?" She opened the door to the
 refrigerator and showed him 25 different kinds of beer, brands from 12
 different countries: Germany, Holland, Japan, India, etc.
 The husband didn't know what to do, and the only thing that he could think
 of saying was, "Yes, loolie loolie...but at the bar.... you know...they
 have frozen glasses > He didn't get to finish the sentence, because the wife interrupted him by
 saying, "You want a frozen glass, puppy face?" She took a huge beer mug
 out of the freezer, so frozen that she was getting chills just holding it.