Could each of you please advise your availability to Blanca Bollom for this 
and Eddy could you coordinate with anyone from outside counsel who you think 
needs to be on such as V&E, Skadden, or Tozzini.
Thanks 
Rob
I just realized that Monday is a holiday for  us so we will not be able to
have our conference call then.
We have scheduled one between the lenders and Bob Shapiro for Tues. am.
(2/20).   I propose that we schedule one after that with you, KFW & OPIC at
10:00am Tuesday.    The timing of all of this subject to no conflict with
Frank's schedule, and he is out today.
Let me know if 10am on Tuesday works for you and your team.
Have a good weekend.
Barbara 
She means Cliff Rankin. Can you see if he can make it.
Michelle Blaine@_DEVELOPMENT
02/16/2001 01:53 PM
Is that VE project finance guy going to be on?  I think he should be.
Blanca Bollom@
02/16/2001 01:00 PM
Sent by: Blanca Bollom@
The conference call has been scheduled as follows:
Date:  Tuesday, February 20th
Time:  10:00 a.m. CST
Domestic:  888-296-1938
International:  304-345-7506
Participant Code:  181444
Host: Rob Gay
Host Code:  254857
Rob G Gay
02/16/2001 11:46 AM
Could each of you please advise your availability to Blanca Bollom for this 
and Eddy could you coordinate with anyone from outside counsel who you think 
needs to be on such as V&E, Skadden, or Tozzini.
Thanks 
Rob
I just realized that Monday is a holiday for  us so we will not be able to
have our conference call then.
We have scheduled one between the lenders and Bob Shapiro for Tues. am.
(2/20).   I propose that we schedule one after that with you, KFW & OPIC at
10:00am Tuesday.    The timing of all of this subject to no conflict with
Frank's schedule, and he is out today.
Let me know if 10am on Tuesday works for you and your team.
Have a good weekend.
Barbara 
confirmed
John Novak
11/28/2000 06:47 AM
confirmed.
Peter E Weidler
11/27/2000 08:08 PM
Rebecca has set Monday - Dec 4th at 3:00 PM (Houston time) for the meeting Can you all confirm your participation.   And let me know if you are going to 
do the bullet point outlines.   I think it would be good to have this go as 
smooth as possible.
Thanks
Pete
Peter E Weidler
11/26/2000 06:07 PM
we can do this by phone.
Pete
Peter E Weidler
11/26/2000 05:59 PM
Rebecca has asked for a review of the Cuiaba project.   Her current thinking 
is that it should be under one shop - not split responsibility.   Which shop 
is not clear to me - I presume this will be decided pretty soon.
The review will take place the week of Dec 4th.   She wants a straight 
forward  decription of what is left to be done and what the issues are.  I am 
thinking the presenters are Laine, Rick, Jose.  In attendance are Rob and 
John.     Can divide the presentation up into 
getting the construction finished/cost issues/EECC - subcontractor issues Laine 
Furnas/Electrobras issues - Rick 
YPF - gas supply - Mark to market position - opportunities - Rick
MAE/ONS issues - current thinking.  - Jose
Current economics. - Rick
Everyone should have a page prepared ahead of time with the discussion topics 
on it - she doesn't want a detailed presentation - just the facts.   Can we 
send the page per topic around by this friday 
I will ask Rebecca for two hours the week of the 4th and let you know.
Joe - we should talk about where the project should best end up - I think 
Rebecca is flexible -   don't really know what Dave is thinking.
Pete
Hello my darling.  It is great to hear from you.   The photo brought back 
memories of a wonderful day with you. You are so beautiful.  I want to kiss 
you all over.
Love
Rob 
In non-default situations the Lenders allow the banks to have rights and 
typically substantial input on waivers modifications etc.  As you can imagine 
the IFC would not want the liability of being responsible to B banks if they 
changed the deal without their consent and the B banks would e uncomfortable 
turning over that right to a third party.  They would lose control of the 
credit process.
Richard Quek@ECT
02/18/2001 11:50 PM
Rob,
Thanks for the feedback. Does the IFC veto cover all waivers, consents, 
approvals, etc (except for those that require unanimous approval like changes 
to pricing, tenor, security, etc, of course)?
On the prepayment penalties (other than the customary break-funding costs what have you seen, in terms of the levels imposed?
,
Richard
Rob G Gay@
02/15/2001 03:48 AM
There are prepayment penalties associated with IFC loans.  As to the lender 
Veto, the Veto should only apply to the banks covered by their umbrella and 
should not be applicable to the relationship to other MLA's or uncovered 
lenders.  For instance if OPIC is lending $50MM, FMO $10MM, and the B banks 
$40MM, the voting rights should be 50% for OPIC and 50% FMO (since FMO is the 
lender of record for the B banks).  Unanimous consent items would then 
require both OPIC and FMO to consent.
Peter N Anderson@_DEVELOPMENT
02/14/2001 10:45 AM
Rob-
I told Richard that I had no experience with IFC.  Suggested that you may 
have.
Richard Quek@ECT
02/14/2001 10:34 AM
Peter,
As you might know, we are in the midst of discussions with a group of lenders 
on the Bulacan project in the Philippines. The lender of record if the FMO 
(Netherlands Development Finance Corporation) and the structure is modelled 
on the IFC "A" and "B" loan structure. As the "A" loan lender, FMO is saying 
that they want veto rights over all decisions that are to be taken by the 
lenders. Do you know if the IFC has such veto rights in their facilities will greatly appreciate your feedback on this asap. In addition, does the IFC 
impose prepayment penalties?
,
Richard
Once again you made my day. You are really a wonderful person, you know?
Don't worry I'm not falling off a cliff - you will hear from me again.  Also 
I'll give you a call before I get out of here next week.
Lots of love,
Rob
thanks for the very sweet message.  You can never be more delinquent than i
since i only mailed your b-day gift a few days ago.  There is nothing worse
than trying to find a gift for a married retiring millionaire. Hence, the
weird gift combination - but i was thinking fishing. Work continues to be
stressfully busy because i'm preparing for a number of trials.  I'm going to
go to Vegas next week anyway bc i need a break.  Thanks for thinking of me -
I'm doing fine. The only time i cried recently was at my arbitration hearing
yesterday - my client's testimony was so touching that i cried (how
embarassing!) - hate when that happens!  It's not the 1st time & i'm sure
not the last.  I know you are very busy during these last few weeks and am
touched that you even had time to think of me.  I thought about you too on
V-day & should have done something special since it probably will not be
possible again. Ok, stop rolling your eyes - you think i'm a flake.  That's
one of the greatest things about you - you are never flaky.  lots of love,
sue
I was thinking of you on the appropriate day but somehow I never managed to
let you know how much I care about you. I'm thinking of you now too and
hope you are happy and doing well.
Love
Rob
thank you for your sweet message.  Greg & i went to Las Vegas for 4 days &
all my sisters & their families were there vacationing at the same time.
We
had a great time.  Came back to work in late afternoon today - tired.
Vegas
was actually my gift to Greg for his birthday which was a wk before mine
but
we celebrated mine there too.  Got your very nice phone message also -
thanks for cheering up my tired mind & body.  Your voice sounds wonderful &
i breathed in all the telephonic kisses.  Hope all is well on the road to
retirement.  love, sue
It's a day late and a dollar short, but I wanted you to know I was
thinking
about you. Did you have a good one?