Bin Sleepin, Bin Loafin, and Bin Drinkin have been taken into custody.
 Security advised us that they could find no one fitting the description
 of the fourth cell member, Bin Workin, in the office. Police are confident
 that anyone who looks like he's Bin Workin will be very easy to spot.
 
I don't know if you've read this one.  It kind of made me sick, to be honest    	 Texas Monthly 	
You have received the following link from craig.buehler@     	 Click the following to access the sent link:	
<  Monthly November 2001: How Enron Blew It   	 SAVE THIS link < 	 FORWARD THIS link  	
Please note, the sender's email address has not been verified.	
Get your EMAIL THIS Browser Button and use it to email information from any Web site    
I slept good also!
Today is supposed to be close to 90, but then the front moves through and Thursday is supposed to be 74
I would like to do the half marathon with you but unless I have allot more free time I don not think I can get into a shape that I could run that far! 
I'm really fat 
I'm getting pressure or inferences that if I do not drop things my bonus might not be there!
Saying things like it would be a shame to have such a good year and then have it blown in the fourth quarter!
They really do not know that such comments just makes me more committed and perhaps with a vengeance!
It does get me down because I'm not sure mankind is worth it!
If people you thought had standards, ethics and morals are now applying pressure, whets the use?
Sorry, to be complaining!
Talk to you later!
Swig
How are you this morning?
I slept really well last night.
Just trying to get some contracts written and signed up here.
It's cooler today and still very very windy. Only supposed to be 50 today, but back to 70 this weekend.
I see that houston is now offering a half marathon.......are you interested?
I wouldn't mind doing that and Andy with Pennaco said he wouldn't mind running it either.
Hope all is well.
Have a great day!!
Mike
Thanks,  Boy I'm disappointed in the questions asked by other employee's!
Maybe the Employees deserve what they get?
Sounds like Parris was quick but fun.
Glad it was you and not me on the plane for 17 hours.
Be good and stay safe
Swig
Good question...it is a shame he did not answer it!  I am sure it will be answered in one of the many investor lawsuits that are springing up.
Sorry about not returning your call this morning!
I was trying to finish my questions for the All Employee meeting Like it made any difference!
They would not address any of my questions.
What made it worst is I can not believe how STUPID the general Enron employee population is In the midst of the worst company crisis ever, when they have a chance to ask important questions, they ask the stupidest most irrelevant questions in the history of mankind!
I have concluded that the Employees deserve what they have gotten I'm not sick just lost my faith in everyone!  Except you of course!
lets talk tonight.
Jarrod has a 6:00 pm ball game, but I do not think we are going!
Thanks, for calling!
Swig
How are you this morning?
Are you listening to the investor conference call?
Are you going to the employee meeting?
You need to let me know when you have regular scheduled meetings so i'm not calling at those times.
When does nymex open and close?
I could tell you were in a meeting when i called this morning. It also sounded like you are sick. Are you 
Not too much going on up here, just the usual pissed off customers yelling at me!
Hope all is well.
Mike
I really wish you would not feel that way or make an apology.  I do not consider what you expressed Friday night was anything other than honesty and true emotion and I would like to feel comfortable expressing those same feelings to you!  I trust you and respect your opinion to great extent because of the above.  If I can help its yours!
Smile and take a deep breath!
I believe their is a reason for everything!
Let me know if their is anything you want me to express at the "All Employee Mtg"
Swig
Where do I begin?  I guess I could start with several excuses or reasons to justify my behavior on Friday, but the truth is there aren't any.  I only am left with total humiliation and embarrassment for my actions, words, and behavior.  Please accept my sincere apology.
Sandra
Laura,
Please let them know that I do not plan on attending.
Thanks
Please let me know if I should enter ths on your calendar.
Laura
There will be a conference call meeting Tuesday, Oct 23rd @ 10:00 am in EB3567.  Subject is Guadelupe Power.  Please plan to attend.
Jim Coffey is the host.
Toll Free dial in 888-422-7137, host code is 165516.
All participants dial in 888-422-7137  participant code is 415410.
Janet,
Will you please pass on the dial in number and participant code to representatives from Texas Independent Energy and CC Pace. I do not have names or phone numbers.  Thanks 
If there are any questions please contact Jim Coffey at 713-853-5346.
Lisa L. Lunz
Texas Gas Origination
Phone: (713) 853-5634
Cell:    (713) 304-4598
Here is a kitty for your office.
I really miss mine now that they are in Kitty Jail!
I made a couple of minor changes.  Here are plain and redlined versions (I 
turned the tracker off on the plain one).
Also, be sure to fill in the contract 
Christine Stokes
12/22/99 08:56 AM
Here it is.
I'm forwarding the attached as an update.  Am presently researching the issue 
raised by Drew, and will let you know what I find.
I found the reference I was remembering over the weekend.  Check out the 
order issued to TriState Pipeline at Docket CP99-61.  FERC got all over CMS 
on the problems posed by "dual jurisdictional facilities" whatever that 
means.  CMS tried to do something that sounds a lot like what PNM would be 
doing under the idea you guys had.
Interesting.  Assuming we could satisfy the Texas Eastern criteria (which 
would be tough given that this is a firm service, unlike our market center 
service), we still need to think about PNM's situation.  The letter says they 
are a Hinshaw.  This deal would seem to blow their Hinshaw exemption.  There 
is some new law on use of capacity on a Hinshaw for interstate service, only 
I think it involved a capacity lease instead of service agreements.   I think 
it was one of the Northeast pipeline cases involving CMS.  Does PNM know that 
we would use their service for interstate transportation?  If we can crack 
the Hinshaw issue, this might be worth a shot.  DF
Mary Kay Miller
03/11/2000 11:22 AM
Mary,  I was unable to forward the attachment--  so try to get it form Glen
Susan,  I don't think it is a problem to try this, however,  do we have the 
current rates including fuel etc that we would have to pay and how much 
capacity would we be acquiring?  Need to see this-  MK
The Commercial Group has been discussing with PNM the possibility of entering 
into service agreements for firm capacity on the portion of PNM's system 
between Blanco and Rio Puerco.  This would effectively operate as an 
expansion of TW's system from the San Juan Basin to the mainline.  TW would 
acquire PNM capacity then post it as available on the EBB just like we post 
other capacity.  Shippers could then use the capacity to transport gas from 
Blanco to any point on TW's system.   The capacity that PNM has available at 
this time is seasonal (summer months) only, so it would be used to provide 
short-term firm capacity or LFT to TW customers.   The marketers anticipate 
that the additional capacity would mostly be used to ship gas to points on 
TW's mainline besides Rio Puerco -- in other words, the total path used by 
shippers would be a combination of PNM's system and TW's system.  Shippers 
wouldn't necessarily know whether PNM capacity was being used to provide 
service on their contract, only that their gas is being shipped from A to B 
In re-reading the Texas Eastern line of cases, I believe we can distinguish 
TW's proposal from that in Northern's Docket No. 97-388 because it is more 
specific (we are asking for authority to acquire capacity on a specific 
pipeline) and because it is more in the nature of an expansion of TW's 
constrained San Juan lateral rather than a proposal to broker other 
pipelines' capacity.  I may be overly optimistic, but I also believe we meet 
all the Texas Eastern criteria.
I realize that I have not discussed this very extensively (or at all) with 
any of you, but I have gone ahead and drafted the proposal in the form of a 
letter to FERC.  It seemed the most efficient way to provide a starting point 
for discussion, especially since I was able to borrow heavily from our 
successful Market Center Services filing.  I'm not yet sure where we will 
include it in the tariff, but I propose tariff language along the lines of "Transporter may contract for firm transportation service on Public Service 
Company of New Mexico for use in providing transportation service from the 
Blanco receipt point on Transporter's system.  The cost incurred for 
acquisition of any such services shall be separately recorded in Account No. 
___.  Transporter is at risk for recovery of costs associated with such 
services."
After you've reviewed the attached, please let me know your overall 
substantive comments and let's talk about the best way to proceed.  Thanks.
Jeff, here are Colleen's comments.  At your convenience, let's meet to 
discuss.
Colleen Raker
03/20/2000 07:37 PM
Attached is a black-lined version of my redraft of certain provisions of the 
3/03/00 draft of the above Agreement.  The purpose of my changes was to (i) 
apportion the risk assumed by TW and Calpine based on the economic benefits 
realized by the parties and the ability of a party to insure against the 
risk, and (ii) to clearly identify the parts of the facilities to be serviced 
by TW and the list of services routinely performed.  I noticed that there is 
no insurance  coverage  required of either Party.  I expect that Calpine 
insures its property against casualties and is therefore in the best position 
to assume the risk of loss or damage to its property.   On the other-hand, 
third party property that is in the care, custody and control of TW while it 
performs its work, is not covered by Enron's standard general liability 
policies.  Builder's risk  coverage must be purchased to cover this risk; the 
coverage is expensive.  Section 5.4 and Section 4.1 reflect this reasoning. 
If TW plans to limit its financial responsibility to the amount of money 
collected by Customer from TW's insurance carriers, then an Insurance section 
should be included, and the penultimate sentence of Section 5.4 further 
edited to stipulate that limitation.  If TW's limitation of liability is to 
be a percentage of the total amount of revenues and compensation it receives 
under this transaction, then that dollar-amount should be inserted in the 
latter mentioned sentence of Section 5.4.
Please contact me if you have any questions about my changes.
Attached for your information is a summary of other parties' requests for 
rehearing of Order 637.  I will be happy to answer any questions you might 
have.
Steven Harris
03/21/2000 01:37 PM
I have an outside meeting that day. Thanks.
Steve
SUSAN SCOTT
03/21/2000 10:43 AM
Sent by: Janet Cones
We have a meeting scheduled Thursday, March 23 from 11:00 a.m. until 1:00 
p.m. in 4194 regarding Order 637 issues related to imbalances.  It is not 
mandatory for everyone in TW Commercial to attend, but let me know ASAP if 
you will be attending so I can order lunch 
Thanks,
Janet - ext. 31540
Aurora, my changes appear on the attached.
I assume you or AA have updated the numbers for eligible transition costs 
(second paragraph of section 7).  (If you have not, I'm really not sure who 
would have those numbers)
I updated the numbers for environmental costs in the footnotes.  Please call 
(x30596) if you have any questions.
Lorraine Lindberg
03/21/2000 04:22 PM
I cannot attend due to a previously scheduled lunch meeting with Conoco.
SUSAN SCOTT
03/21/2000 10:43 AM
Sent by: Janet Cones
We have a meeting scheduled Thursday, March 23 from 11:00 a.m. until 1:00 
p.m. in 4194 regarding Order 637 issues related to imbalances.  It is not 
mandatory for everyone in TW Commercial to attend, but let me know ASAP if 
you will be attending so I can order lunch 
Thanks,
Janet - ext. 31540
The Commercial Group asked several weeks ago whether they can enter into 
discount letters applicable to daily firm for as long as one year.  The 
standard wording of the discount letter applicable to daily firm is such that 
the discount is effective for as many one-day terms as the FTS-1 agreement 
renews, but not beyond a specified date.  Typically TW enters into these 
discount letters for a term of one month.  The marketers say that they were 
once told that they could not make such a discount applicable for longer than 
a 3-month term.   I see no basis for this limitation.  The term of the FTS-1 
agreement is one day, renewable from day to day.  The discount is only 
applicable for so long as the FTS-1 agreement renews.  If the FTS-1 agreement 
does not renew, the discount is no longer applicable.  The basis for the 
shipper's transportation rights is the FTS-1 agreement.  We are not 
guaranteeing a shipper "daily" firm for longer than a one-day term.  The 
discount letter merely states that, for so long as the FTS-1 agreement 
renews, a particular discount applies, up to a certain cutoff date.
Does this make sense?  I realize you are swamped, but I need to get Steve an 
answer so that the marketers know what is acceptable.  Drew and I have 
discussed this and he is on board. Thanks.
Jeff, here it is.  Take a look and if you have any questions, I'll be 
prepared to address them promptly so you can send this off.
FYi
Colleen Raker
03/22/2000 04:44 PM
The attached electronic version of Section 5.4 integrates the changes noted 
by underline on the hard copy I left in your office the other day.  I took 
this opportunity to also divide Section 5.4 into 2 subparagraphs for 
clarity's sake.  I also inserted a new  sentence at the end of subparagraph A 
which was suggested by Enron Risk Management at a meeting I had with them 
yesterday.  I will be adding this insert in the standard Limitation of 
Liabilitysection in the GPG O&M forms of agreement.  Please replace the 
currect section 5.4 in the Calpine O&M with the attached.
Gerald -- here are a couple of suggested wording changes (should appear in 
blue)
1.  FERC was made aware of the Compression Services arrangement with ECS (at 
2.  There is no basis in FERC Regs or the NGA for FERC to impose any type of 
penalty or discontinue the Compression Service's due to TW's operation of 
Kachina without the Operational Control Agreement.  No regs or law address 
this situation.  Again this is tempered by the fact that FERC was made aware 
of the arrangement and didn't ask any questions and the O&M agreement is in 
place to accomplish control for TW.
3.  I also faxed you a copy of Section 19(c) of the NGA which indicates that 
the petition for rehearing does not effect the status of the certificate Construction is moving ahead and the anticipated start date is May 1 
I will forward the filing TW made wrt to the Operational Control Agreement as 
soon as I recieve it.  Let me know if you have any further questions (713) 
853-3512. 
Gerald Nemec@ECT
03/23/2000 11:47 AM
Susan, Attached is the text I am forwarding to the investors.  Please let me 
know if you have any comments.  Thanks for your help.
I talked further with Transwestern Counsel today concerning the issues and 
have the following points;
1.  FERC was made aware of the Compression Services arrangement with ECS (at 
2.  There is no basis in FERC Regs or the NGA for FERC to impose any type of 
penalty or discontinue the Compression Service's due to TW's operation of 
Kachina without the Operational Control Agreement.  No regs or law address 
this situation.  Again this is tempered by the fact that FERC was made aware 
of the arrangement and didn't ask any questions and the O&M agreement is in 
place to accomplish control for TW.
3.  I also faxed you a copy of Section 19(c) of the NGA which indicates that 
the petition for rehearing does effect the status of the certificate Construction is moving ahead and the anticipated start date is May 1 
I will forward the filing TW made wrt to the Operational Control Agreement as 
soon as I recieve it.  Let me know if you have any further questions (713) 
853-3512. 
Did Stan make the call to FERC, I wonder.
Also, I would add that another reason we didn't submit the O&M agreement is 
that we considered it to be confidential.
Gerald Nemec@ECT
03/23/2000 11:47 AM
Susan, Attached is the text I am forwarding to the investors.  Please let me 
know if you have any comments.  Thanks for your help.
I talked further with Transwestern Counsel today concerning the issues and 
have the following points;
1.  FERC was made aware of the Compression Services arrangement with ECS (at 
2.  There is no basis in FERC Regs or the NGA for FERC to impose any type of 
penalty or discontinue the Compression Service's due to TW's operation of 
Kachina without the Operational Control Agreement.  No regs or law address 
this situation.  Again this is tempered by the fact that FERC was made aware 
of the arrangement and didn't ask any questions and the O&M agreement is in 
place to accomplish control for TW.
3.  I also faxed you a copy of Section 19(c) of the NGA which indicates that 
the petition for rehearing does effect the status of the certificate Construction is moving ahead and the anticipated start date is May 1 
I will forward the filing TW made wrt to the Operational Control Agreement as 
soon as I recieve it.  Let me know if you have any further questions (713) 
853-3512. 
Our answer is simple:  It is not our policy to release such information 
unless we are required to do so by law, regulation or order 
Jeffery Fawcett
03/29/2000 06:04 PM
Lindy,
I agree with Lynn -- not only for the valid reasons she articulated, but 
because I think we may have a conflict of interest here.  You see, 
Transwestern is a formal party to the GIR proceeding.  As such, we are 
currently involved (albeit indirectly) in negotiations with SoCal and other 
parties regarding the ability [and mechanism] for SoCal to recover costs to 
implement unbundled services on their system.  System pooling is one of those 
services.
I'll defer to counsel on this, but in my humble opinion, I don't think it 
wise for TW to offer SoCal any kind of cost figure to base its estimates on First, its probably not good form for one party to the proceeding to give 
another party information that could prove to be prejudicial.  Secondly, and 
probably more practically, if Transwestern were of a mind to, it could 
intentionally skew the results of their survey. 
Unless collective wisdom feels differently, I'd suggest we politely decline 
on some reasonably nebulous basis, i.e. --- we don't know... we forgot.... we 
really didn't account for it separately... it's been too long.... the people 
who might have known are no longer here... whatever.   That way we don't 
appear uncooperative, just incompetent 
I'm kidding.  Just let me know how else I can help here.
Lindy Donoho
03/29/2000 12:00 PM
Here is some input from Lynn.
Sheila and Lindy, I am not sure I am comfortable giving them any costs.  On 
timing, it varies so much between
companies based on systems, manpower, etc.   Maybe we should discuss before 
giving them anything?
Thanks. Lynn
Tammy Jaquet
03/28/2000 09:06 PM
Do you want us to proceed with gathering this data for SoCal?
,
Tammy
As you may be aware, SoCalGas is going through Gas Industry Restructuring One of our settlement proposals is to provide pooling service.? We have been 
asked to compare our estimate for cost and development time with others who 
have implemented pooling service on their system.? Therefore, if you have a 
ballpark figure of the cost incurred to develop pooling and approximately how 
long it took to build from the time you provided requirements to your 
implementation date, we would appreciate it very much.? If you have any 
questions, you can e-mail me or call me at (213) 24r-3812.
Pat Davidson
Gas Scheduling Manager
Southern California Gas Company
pdavidson@socalgas.com
Here is a list of all the agreements related to the Gallup Compressor:
1.  Compression Services Agreement (10/18/99)
2.  O&M Agreement (10/18/99)
3.  Gas Conversion Agreement (10/18/99)
4.  Operational Control Agreement (2/11/00) (contains no provisions related 
to payment)
5.  Letter amendment to Gas Conversion Agreement (2/23/00) (regarding Lock 
Price)
6.  Amendment to Gas Conversion Agreement (3/24/00) (regarding Start Date and 
calculation of Estimated CSC Fuel Payment)
If you do not have all of these agreements in your file, or if you know of 
anyone else who needs a full set of these documents, please let me know and I 
will send copies immediately 
Also, two letters have been sent pursuant to the terms of the agreements:
1.  Notification by TW to ECS that ECS should pursue an alternative electric 
supply arrangement (2/29/00)
2.  Approval by TW of interim rate schedule (3/15/00) (w/copy of rate 
schedule attached)
If you need copies of these letters, let me know and I'll send them to you 
also.
SS
x0596
Hi Mum!  No, tickets were hard to come by.  Tried to get some they released a 
couple of weeks ago, but didn't realize everyone would send their secretaries 
and interns downstairs to hold places in line!  I'm sure the VPs will get 
tired of going to the games, and start giving tickets away. 
Tonight is the big CAM gala.  Bill was in trial all week and had no time to 
go shopping, or even to get measured for an ordinary tux rental, so he 
borrowed one from Andre (who owns 4).  Andre is a couple of inches shorter 
than Bill.  Depending on the overall look, I may or may not acknowledge that 
Bill is my date.  My 60's dress I got at Wear It Again Sam looks fabulous It is a sleeveless gown with an empire waist; the top is maroon velvet and 
the rest is very heavy pink satin.  Since it wraps in the back I was able to 
move the hooks over to get it to fit.  Dress was $38 but it cost $35 to get 
it hemmed!  Ann and I were considering asking Mema to do our hair, but I'm 
really going to be pressed for time this afternoon.  Too bad the party is not 
on a Saturday.
Our plans for the rest of this weekend are still up in the air.  What are you 
doing the weekend of the 16th?  Bill has signed up for the MS150 again that 
weekend.  If you are free that weekend why don't I plan to come either Fri. 
or Sat. a.m.  Let me know.
Our law conference begins Thurs. a.m. in San Antonio.  Dot (Staci's boss) is 
having a party at her house on Lake McQueeney on Wednesday, so I'm driving 
Frazier and Tony in the Dentmobile that morning.  We really do have a fun 
group; it should be a good time.  If K&J want company I'll drive over to see 
them on Thurs. night instead of going to the awards dinner, which was a big 
drag last year.  I'll call them this weekend and see what Jim's travel plans 
are.
Today we'll find out about settlement in the California proceeding...this 
will decide whether I will be tied up in hearings for most of May.  Keep your 
fingers crossed!
Love,
Sooz
Camp2scott@aol.com on 03/31/2000 09:08:17 AM
Hi, Sooz--Big article about the Enron ballpark today--did the company treat
you to the opening?
I'm up to my ears in jobs around the house in preparation for Eric's visit.
It's always a good thing to have company--you get all kinds of things done
you should have done a long time ago.  I painted half of my bedroom last
night, and the other half will have to wait until I decide what to do with
the windows.  But, I needed to paint over the patch on the fireplace wall,
and the holes left by the blinds I took down ages ago.  Didn't know what
color I had used, so I chose a new one.  You can't really tell that I've
stopped at the corners.
Jim is still unsure about his business trip rescheduled and rescheduled for
next week, the 4th and 5th.  I'm hoping it's canceled because Karin asked if
I would come, and that really puts me in a bind with Eric coming in on the
6th as far as cooking, and last minute things.  Sally is coming on the 8th,
so if the trip is postponed until that week, she'll be around.
Are you still going to SA for your continuing ed?
Did I tell you I bought 4 rocking chairs for the back porch?  They're not as
comfortable as I thought they'd be.
Hope you have a good weekend.  love, mum
See the attached.  Enron Corp. has already authorized Brian Cherry to add 
Enron to the list of parties at the end of the document.  I recommend TW do 
the same.  I propose that we ask Brian to add TW to the list, with a footnote 
that we support the transmission proposal only and do not oppose the other 
parts of the term sheet.  (I propose this out of an abundance of caution 
because in one part of the document Brian states the parties have agreed on 
comprehensive settlement, but later in the document he states that the 
parties aren't fully committed yet.)  If he will not agree to do this, then I 
would suggest we leave TW off the list and file a letter with the CPUC along 
the lines of what I circulated yesterday, with additional language supporting 
the motion for extension of time.  Let me know what you think.
Brian:  Transwestern Pipeline Company asks that it be included on list of 
parties to the Motion for Modification of the Procedural Schedule, with the 
following footnote:  Transwestern supports the portions of the settlement 
proposal pertaining to transmission rights, and the designation of primary 
and secondary rights described on Appendix A.  Transwestern does not oppose 
the other parts of the settlement 
Susan Scott
Transwestern Pipeline Company
(713) 853-0596
sscott3@
Now that two settlement proposals and a motion to extend time have been 
filed, there is no telling what the CPUC will do.  My recommendation is that 
we play it safe and assume we will need to file testimony on April 17.  To 
that end, it's time to review some basics.
In its July 8, 1999 decision, the Commission stated:  "We see reason to 
pursue a change in protocol for receiving gas at Hector Road, even in the 
short term.  If there are burdens that would unfairly fall upon Transwestern 
customers is a window was established at Hector Road, we want to hear about 
it in the next phase of the proceeding.  In addition, we seek specific 
proposals as to how such an arrangement should be defined."
Accordingly, the testimony we file should explain:
1.  The unfair harm that could potentially befall TW customers if Hector Road 
were established as a formal receipt point
2.   Our proposal for making Hector a formal receipt point by establishing 
primary and secondary receipt points
3.  Why our proposal is fair and consistent with Commission policy (here we 
might want to draw analogies to the interstate system and explain why that 
works)
I will also have an opportunity to make legal and policy arguments in a brief 
after testimony has been filed.
Let's discuss how best to go about drafting the testimony.  I think the best 
thing to do would be to outline the testimony, then decide who is going to 
say what.  I'm available after about 2:00 today.
Not at all!  Fawcett's the antsy one; he is anxious to use his new honorary 
law degree (ahem I agree it would be risky to indicate our wholehearted support of a 
settlement when the agreement has yet to be written.  It would be like giving 
SoCal a signed blank check (that's carte blancheto us lawyers), and we don't 
trust them that much.
Once we've signed a real agreement, I do want to file something in support I'm just trying to plan ahead, is all.
Jeff Dasovich @ EES on 04/04/2000 04:32:07 PM
OK, you folks are getting antsy out there.  I haven't yet begun to think 
about a declaration.  And don't plan on thinking about one until 1) the 
Commission has approved the motion, and 2) Socalgas shows during the first 
week or so that it intends to faithfully put into details what it has agreed 
to in principal.  Also, if the motion is approved, the hearing likely won't 
happen on the 11th (one would hope).
Am I missing something?  Are you folks concerned about something that I'm 
missing?
Aurora, I do not think we have estimated the costs for 2000 because what we 
will have to do as far as containment of PCBs this year is the subject of 
some dispute.  I will get you a breakdown of 1999 costs as soon as possible.
Aurora Dimacali
04/05/2000 08:05 AM
Susan:
AA auditor reviewed our footnotes to our browncover for TW (Section 7 Litigation and Contingencies) and was asking for some information regarding 
the following paragraph:
Transwestern incurred and continues to incur certain costs related to 
polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) that migrated into one of its customer's 
facilities through use of a PCB-based lubricant.  Because of the continued 
detection of PCBs near Transwestern's Topock station, Transwestern continues 
to take measures to contain the PCB at an estimated cost of $2.3 million in 
1998 and an estimated $5.4 million in 1999.
Here are the AA's questions:
1) Can you please provide the actual cost for 1999 and the estimated cost for 
2000
2)  Also, if you have a copy of where these costs are coming from so AA can 
tie their figures
Can you please provide this information today as AA wants to wrap up the 
notes.  Please call me if you have any questions.  Thanks again for your help.
Aurora
Do we have an estimate of PCB decontamination costs for 2000?  AA is 
asking 
Drew -- see MK's comments.  I'm trying to come up with some new language to 
address her concerns.
Please give me a sign off if this is OK.  Thanks DF
Christine Stokes
12/22/99 08:33 AM
TRANSWESTERN CONTRACT APPROVAL REQUEST
Please review the provided non-standard discount letter for Duke Energy 
Trading & Marketing.   Duke's 18,000 Dth/d Ignacio to Blanco contract has a 
one year term and a seasonal based 1-part rate structure.  Transportation on 
an alternate basis is provided for on a south to north flow direction at an 
incremental $.01 charge based upon actual utilization of the described path.
Please provide an indication of approval via REPLY WITH HISTORY.  If any 
questions arise, please contact me at x35702.
Here is the breakdown of 1999 PCB decontamination costs for TW:
Topock mods   $4,675,000
PG&E sample taps  $     90,000
PG&E filter separator  $   600,000
Remove PG&E filter separator $     10,000
If you need the costs broken down in more detail, or need more information, 
please give me a call at x30596.
For the record, I have read Judge Biren's ruling, and contrary to what people 
might have said in the conference call on Friday, it is silent on the topics 
of the testimony schedule and the presentation of arguments.  The 
three-sentence e-mail from Biren simply requests that the parties attend the 
PHC at which time she will rule on the motion, and states that she might 
issue a further ruling prior to the PHC.  I think it is probably fair to 
expect she may solicit brief comments from representatives of the parties at 
the PHC.
Jeffery Fawcett
04/07/2000 05:28 PM
I participated in a teleconference today at 3:00 p.m. with several members of 
the "all-party" settlement group.  The ALJ assigned to the GIR case, Andrea 
Biren, has apparently issued a ruling on SoCal's Motion to Extend the 
deadline for filing the all-party settlement.   Although I personally haven't 
seen the document yet, it was the primary focus of the meeting.
According to accounts from the group, Judge Biren's ruling did not grant 
SoCal's motion for extension.  Rather, she will hear arguments on the motion 
during the Prehearing Conference scheduled for Tuesday, April 11.  Judge 
Biren also asked that parties to the proceeding be prepared to file full 
scale testimony discussing all settlement proposals on file as well as offer 
any addtional comments on the most promising options set forth by the 
Commission.  Unfortunately, she is silent on what date the testimony would be 
due (originally, testimony was due on April 17).  In addition, Judge Biren's 
ruling apparently leaves open the possibility that she could be talked into 
something different during Tuesday's prehearing conference (ie. a different 
procedural schedule, or an amended or streamlined testimony filing protocol).
The telecon group decided to do the following: (1) approach CPUC commissioner 
Bilas on Monday and let him know the status of the all-party settlement and 
ask him to intervene in favor of the extension, (2) go before Judge Biren on 
Tuesday (as a group, and individually, if necessary) and request that in leiu 
of a full scale testimony procedure, would she accept a process whereby, 
similar to what was done in the PG&E settlement, parties file declarations in 
favor of one settlement versus another, and then the Judge 
supervises/conducts a panel discussion on the issues surrounding the 
settlement?  If Judge Biren rejects the idea of a less formal process, one 
which arguably doesn't offer as complete a record in the case (which most on 
the call felt was the likely outcome), then would she agree to a schedule 
whereby she grants the SoCal motion, the all-party settlement is filed on 
April 17, then all parties, including the Norm Pedersen group, would have the 
chance to file testimony (only testimony, not additional declarations) 
indicating support of one settlement over another and the reasons/logic, 
including how the settlements meet the Commisision objectives, on or before 
May 5?
As far as the all-party settlement document is concerned, SoCal will be 
forwarding a preliminary (as yet incomplete) draft for the parties to review, 
but not to comment on.  SoCal intends to circulate another, more complete 
version Monday morning for purposes of soliciting comments/changes 
As far as Transwestern is concerned, I've spoken independently with the team 
-- Susan, Mark and Jeff Dasovich.  Each of us will review and provide TW 
comments to SoCal regarding the settlement document.  Susan will be 
representing TW at the Prehearing Conference on Tuesday.  Mark Baldwin will 
be there also to support Susan's efforts on Tuesday.  Susan and Jeff (and 
maybe Mark?) will try and hook-up Tuesday morning to compare notes and talk 
about the upcoming Commission PHC.
Steve, between Susan and I, we'll continue to forward documentation and other 
materials regarding this case as well as to provide you with our comments 
and/or any drafts of testimony TW intends to file in this case.
Shelley -- I'm going to the game but should be back in the office after 5 pm 
today if you want to chat.  x30596.
Drew, I'll fax you the information on the "Be a Spokesmodel...or Just Look 
Like One" course they offer here in the Houston office.
I'll defer to my distinguished colleagues, including the 
now-quite-full-of-herself Susan Scott.  Perhaps next year we can all try to 
get in the annual report!  DF
04/10/2000 11:14 AM
Tony Pryor
Tony Pryor
Tony Pryor
04/10/2000 11:14 AM
04/10/2000 11:14 AM
Just checking to see if anybody has any comments for me on my draft of the 
petition for waiver, especially as to whether we just file revised procedures 
or the petition.
Interesting.  I seem to remember that under Texas law, everything goes to the 
surviving spouse.  Any community property issues between Greg and ex should 
have been settled in the divorce proceedings.  But it's been a while since I 
looked -- I will ask Bill for a second opinion 
In any event, a will is a good idea, especially when kids are involved.  If, 
God forbid, the worst should happen, you can bet that ex + kids would make 
life even more difficult for you in what would already be a tough time!  Bill 
doesn't do wills but he could probably recommend someone who would do a will 
for cheap.
Vanessa Schulte
04/11/2000 09:42 AM
Can you ask Bill if he knows anything about wills?  Dena told me that if Greg 
were to die and we didn't have a will, I would get half and his ex would get 
the other half for the kids.  Greg disagrees but this is what Dena was told 
by her lawyer if Curtis were to die.  It's not something I'd like to think 
about, and it's not like we own that much right now anyway, but when we get a 
house, that's a different story.
Thanks
FYI:  This morning, Lorraine and I checked with PNM and surprisingly they do 
not offer any kind of IT transportation service, just firm service.  So our 
final revisions to the cover letter do not include acquiring interruptible 
service from PNM, since it's impossible to do so 
Hi there!  How's the little buglet doing?  It was good to see you last week, 
and I feel honored that I got to accompany Grayson on her first restaurant 
mission.  Hopefully the french-fry smell did not throw her off her feeding 
schedule to badly.  Got a message from Mema wanting to discuss the baby's 
bottle habits.  Pu-lease!  If it's OK with everyone I will try to bring Bill 
at Easter as a distraction.
This weekend I am supposed to drive to Austin to pick up Bill and his friends 
(aka Team Slacker) at the end of the MS 150.  I'll be driving someone's SUV If manners and general treatment of the trainer/driver (by Bill and the owner 
of the SUV) do not improve, however, Team Slacker will be taking the bus home.
Do you remember Rob Carty from high school?  I just saw him at a seminar 
given by Akin Gump for in-house lawyers.  He works for Exxon/Mobil now.  I 
barely recognized him because he has gotten so hefty!
Thought you would enjoy the following brief excerpt from today's Wall Street 
Journal:
Big Boy's Adventures in Thailand
With his checkered overalls, cowlick curl and penchant for double-burgers, 
Big Boy seemed an unlikely fit for Bangkok.
"People thought he was a little, well, creepy," says Peter Smythe, the head 
franchiser for Big Boy restaurants in Thailand, dusting off his giant Big Boy 
statue on Bangkok's main thoroughfare.  "They kept asking me, 'Is he a 
Chinese Ronald McDonald?'"  Eventually, a few Thai visitors decided Big Boy 
was a religious icon and laid bowls of rice and incense at his feet.
Take care and drop me a line when you can.
Love,
Sooz
I'm a man trapped in a woman's body... not really, this is Jeff Fawcett in 
Susan's office.  We're on a conference call with SoCalGas right now talking 
about the settlement document.  Would you guys pull-up the attached file, 
"Primary Rights 4-12.doc" and look it over, with particular reference to the 
section titled, "Scheduling Priority?"  I think we're OK here, but I don't 
want to agree to anything that we can't administer on our side of the meter 
or that just doesn't make sense.
We're down to the final telecon on this subject, and all changes need to be 
sent over to SoCalGas ASAP.  Will you take a quick look and send Susan a note 
saying thumbs up or down?  Thanks a bunch.
I've  now added you.
?
Attached is a new version of the Gas Industry Settlement document for  
SoCalGas and SDG&E.? I think that essentially all the terms of the  
settlement in principle are now covered in it.
?
In  addition to adding material, we have made some changes in language in the 
last  version.? Even these changes may not incorporate all comments I have  
respond to all comments received to date in this version.? If no change  has 
been made on an issue you commented on, that does not necessarily mean we  
agree or disagree with your comment ?
Especially for the new material, there has not yet been final review by  
SoCalGas and SDG&E management either.
?
Hopefully I have been able to correct a problem with the last electronic  
version that cause a lot of the section numbering to go haywire when it was  
emailed and then opened and printed, even though it looked fine on my 
computer  and printed fine from my computer.? Lots of sections mysteriously 
would  renumber themselves as "6.4"
?
I am  also attaching the latest draft of an appendix to be included with the 
full  settlement that is a revised version of the "Primary and Secondary 
Receipt  Point Access Rights" document that was attached with the Deal Points 
in the  April 3 filing.
?
We'll  try to send along some of the other appendices soon ?
--  Glen Sullivan
Sempra  Energy Law Dept.; gsullivan@sempra.com.? tel: (619)  699-5162;? fax: 
(619) 699-5027
?
?
- GIR413N.rtf
- Primary Rights 4-12 .doc
Rob,
This is Jeff.  I'm with Susan in her office listening to the call.  Hey bud, 
LANDMINE!  Look at the new SoCalGas language respecting the Edison/SDG&E 
contract in Section 1.9.  Whadaythink?  Write back at this address!  Are you 
going to raise the issue?
Mark,
Susan and I are online in her office if you need to shoot us a quick note Otherwise, blah, blah, blah 
Oops, wrong one -- I meant MK had comments on Red Cedar.  This one for Duke 
is OK.
Please give me a sign off if this is OK.  Thanks DF
Christine Stokes
12/22/99 08:33 AM
TRANSWESTERN CONTRACT APPROVAL REQUEST
Please review the provided non-standard discount letter for Duke Energy 
Trading & Marketing.   Duke's 18,000 Dth/d Ignacio to Blanco contract has a 
one year term and a seasonal based 1-part rate structure.  Transportation on 
an alternate basis is provided for on a south to north flow direction at an 
incremental $.01 charge based upon actual utilization of the described path.
Please provide an indication of approval via REPLY WITH HISTORY.  If any 
questions arise, please contact me at x35702.
Rob,
Look at the conforming languange in the Appendix "A" last page, last 
paragraph.  You know that this language was negotiated by and between 
SoCalGas and Edison.  My main concern is that its very, very open ended almost a contingent liability for all settlement parties.
Jeff
pull out your settlement matrix and see if this SA agrees with that 
document.  I don't necessarily think it does.  Didn't we basically agree to 
disagree and/or deal with this issue outside the settlement process?  Are you 
saying that Edison can reserve capacity in the same manner as Core and 50% of 
noncore, but at the approx. 7.9 cent rate?
HEY, WAIT A MINUTE.... is this language saying that they can convert the 
VALUE of their capacity rights to a capacity contract at the point?  For 
example, if Edison has 200/d at 1 cent Wheeler access fee, they could conver 
it to approx. 25/d at the full 7.9 cent rate?
Let's get clarification 
I agree 100% and I want them to state they may elect the capacity however,
it is at the current rate if you will.  This is an attempt to take us back
several weeks in my opinion.
Rob,
Look at the conforming languange in the Appendix "A" last page, last
paragraph.  You know that this language was negotiated by and between
SoCalGas and Edison.  My main concern is that its very, very open ended almost a contingent liability for all settlement parties.
Jeff
Attached is a draft of the Declaration of Jeffery Fawcett.  If you have 
comments, please let me know.
Susan Scott
Transwestern Pipeline Company
susan.scott@
(713) 853-0596
you still there?
I'm available Tuesday also -- just let me know.
Vanessa, I checked with Bill, and the very unsatisfying answer to your 
question is that it totally depends on how Greg divided the community 
property with his ex.  He agreed with me that a will is a good idea in any 
case because you can arrange things so that you avoid legal proceedings and 
save a lot in taxes!  Our friend Tony Maluski does probate work:  I believe 
his number is 713-228-7401.  He's a nice guy and I believe him to be 
competent; however, I think it is a good idea to shop around when you're 
doing something routine like a will or an uncontested divorce, so I'd advise 
calling several lawyers and see who you like best and who will give you the 
best deal.  If I can find some other names/numbers for you, I will.  Hope 
this helps!
Glen, I'm faxing you Transwestern's signature page and declaration.  An 
electronic version of the declaration is attached.
Glen:  I think this will be fine.  Please add the word "Company" after 
"Transwestern Pipeline" on the list of parties.  Thanks; we sincerely 
appreciate your efforts on this settlement.
Susan Scott
Here is a draft of the motion for approval of the Comprehensive Settlement.
It may not be the sexiest document ever drafted, but since we get to go thru
the hearing process that'll be our chance to dazzle.
I have shown a list of signatories that is from our filing two weeks ago,
with a few additions.  I haven't cross-checked against signature pages
- ld2d-#69366-1.DOC
If there's still space available, please enroll me in the March 14-15 
Derivatives I class.  Here's my info:
Susan Scott
GPG Legal
RC#  0026
Supervisor:  Drew Fossum
SSN 713-853-0596
sscott3@
Thanks.
I hated to e-mail all of you but I honestly do not know how to handle the 
attached which was forwarded to me, and thought one of you might.  Any 
clues...please advise.  Thanks.
Lora Ellis@ECT
04/06/2000 10:59 AM
The following bond will be expiring soon, please let me know if it is still 
needed or if it can be cancelled
Transwestern Pipeline Company
Bond No. JP 0914
$2500. Damage Bond/Right of Way or Water Lease
Thanks for your help.
See the attached.  The proceeding certainly isn't over, but I think the 
parties have done a great job of submitting a settlement that the Commission 
will eventually approve, provided the parties present sufficient evidence to 
support such a decision.  (Unfortunately, we expect the settlement to be 
protested.)  Direct testimony is due May 5.  To streamline things, the 
parties are going to consolidate efforts and have divided up the testimony by 
topic.  Of course Transwestern got the Hector Road issue.  I plan to put Mr. 
Fawcett on as a witness.  Our issue is not particularly controversial 
anymore, so I do not anticipate rigorous cross-examination; nevertheless, I 
will probably ask your assistance in preparing the witness for the hearing, 
which begins May 30.
Jeffery Fawcett
04/17/2000 03:42 PM
As you know, approximately one year ago Transwestern first learned of a dark 
cloud looming on the regulatory horizon in California.  The CPUC in its draft 
Order on the Gas Industry Restructuring proceeding in May, 1999 listed, among 
a variety of "promising options," the institution of Mojave's "Hector Road" 
as a commercial receipt point into the SoCalGas system.  In fact, the CPUC 
held in its "Findings of Fact" with regard to Hector Road that:
- It is unlikely that the market will accurately reflect the value of 
transmission resources if SoCalGas were to define its marketable transmission 
access in a way that did not include the Hector Road facilities, and
- The failure to provide at least window-style access through Hector Road 
has resulted in lost opportunities for bringing relatively inexpensive gas 
into Southern California.
The basis for the CPUC finding came from testimony taken during the 
proceeding indicating that the use of Hector Road displaces deliveries to the 
constrained delivery point at Wheeler Ridge.  In other words, whatever could 
be delivered by Mojave at Hector Road frees-up space at Wheeler Ridge, a 
delivery point many in the marketplace considered more desirable.
As first articulated by SoCalGas in its draft settlement proposal in the 
summer of 1999, the Hector Road point would be established as a formal 
receipt point into SoCalGas, with rights equal to Transwestern's delivery 
point at North Needles.  With a meter capacity of 200 MMcf/d, and with the 
market's apparent interest in securing additional capacity at Hector Road, 
Transwestern was facing the real possibility of losing up to 200 MMcf/d of 
access rights into SoCalGas at North Needles.  Using an average transport 
rate of $0.25/Mcf, the resulting loss in transport revenues would be $19MM 
per year.
Through months of [seemingly endless] negotiations, and through an 
educational process begun by Transwestern during one of the early settlement 
meetings back in September 1999, Transwestern went from a party with a 
"bullseye" clearly taped on its back, to a party that other stakeholders were 
depending on for a principled solution to these receipt point issues.  As it 
stands now, the Appendix A to the Settlement Agreement, "Primary and 
Secondary Receipt Point Access Rights" is nearly identical to the principles 
outlined by Transwestern in that September settlement meeting.
I only re-state the obvious here to remind the group what their hard work has 
accomplished.  Not only am I proud to see that the resulting Settlement 
Agreement filed with the CPUC today treats Transwestern and its shippers 
equitably, but I'm proud that the work group we cobbled together for this 
effort functioned like a "well oiled machine."
I thank each of you for your efforts to get to this point.  We know we've 
still got a lot of work to do to gain CPUC approval of this document, but no 
matter what happens, we can be proud of what was accomplished here.
Glen, I'm faxing you Transwestern's signature page and declaration.  An 
electronic version of the declaration is attached.
I'm planning to be out August 28 - Sept 1.
Lia Hernandez, currently of ET&S, has accepted a position at ENA effective 
August 2, 2000.  To ensure that ET&S continues to be in compliance with the 
marketing affiliate rules, Lia's access to any ET&S or GPG-related LANs or 
applications should be removed at the close of business on August 1.  In 
addition, Lia's email profile should be changed and any GPG or ET&S mass 
distribution  lists should be changed 
Please send a reply email to me after these changes have been completed, 
verifying and indicating the date that employee was:
- removed from the LAN
- EBB password was changed/canceled (if applicable)
- removed from ET&S or GPG-related applications
- email post office box was transfered.
If you have questions, or if you believe there is someone else I need to 
contact in order to accomplish the above, please let me know.
Matt -- are you going to have Snake Hill sign as well?  I can e-mail the 
agreement to him if you prefer Thanks.
Susan
INBOUND FAX NOTIFICATION
You have received an inbound fax.
Date: 08/02/00
Time: 10:44:00
Routed by: 9219239
Pages rcvd: 7
- ~EF1C9E.TIF
Rich Jolly on 04/17/2000 06:33:05 PM
Susan just a gentle reminder about the agreement's you were sending to David 
and myself. We haven't received them yet. Thanks for all your help.
Rich
Drew, here's an excerpt from a FERC letter order accepting for filing a 
nonconforming agreement filed 
by Dynegy Midstream...sounds a little bit like what the TW guys are trying to 
do, if I understand the 
concept of volumetric rates correctly.  Left a message for my friend at DMP 
but he (like everyone else)
is out 'til next year.  But since there were no subsequent orders issued in 
the docket I assume there were 
no problems with the filing.
I'm still leaning towards recommending the $0 demand/ $0.02 commodity + file 
as nego. rate approach.
If Steve Harris is OK with the idea of doing a deal that requires filing, I 
will draft something and send it your way.
The referenced negotiated transaction provides for a transportation service 
under DMP's Rate Schedule
FTS. Rather than paying a reservation charge, the negotiated agreement 
specifies that KGS will pay
a volumetric rate. The volumetric rate will equal DMP's maximum interruptible 
transportation service rate as
set forth in DMP's tariff. . .The contract also (a) specifies five Dth/d as 
KGS' maximum daily reservation 
quantity, (b) lists KGS' primary receipt as Meter # 9999999 and (c) 
identifies five primary delivery points for 
KGS. . . Upon filing Docket No. RP99-240-000, DMP stated that it agreed to 
the above negotiated rate so 
that KGS could serve small residential customers on DMP's system under a firm 
rate schedule.
As you know, we recently did an east-to-east deal with USGT for 400,000 
MMBtu/day with alternate rights to California 
at a higher rate.  SoCal filed a protest and I'm working on the response.  In 
part, they are alleging that TW is "attempting to exploit a weakness" in the 
GISB procedures to the detriment of existing customers.  For example, under 
TW's tariff (which they concede is GISB compliant), primary firm cannot bump 
alt. firm in cycle 2.  SoCal says this means that any primary shipper 
attempting to deliever to an in-path alt. point will be unable to re-nominate 
to its primary point once this "alternate" capacity [I assume they mean 
USGT's] is confirmed.  According to SoCal this will substantially limit 
shippers' flexibility, including the ability to use market area pooling Once gas is nominated thru a pool its subsequent movement to a delivery point 
is defined as an al. delivery regardless of the rights of the capacity under 
which it moves.  Thus by manipulating the GISB cycle process, TW and USGT 
will bump firm shippers.
I could really use your help in responding to this argument.  (First of all, 
I'm not sure I even understand it!)  If either of you have a few minutes 
today or tomorrow when we could get together, that would be great.  Also you two were the first to come to mind, but feel free to refer me to someone 
else in your group if you are swamped.  Please e-mail or call when you get a 
chance Thanks!
Susan (x30596)
Please see the attached.  AA is now unsure about what we should say here (as=20
am I).  Can you help?  Thanks.
Aurora Dimacali
04/18/2000 07:49 AM
Below is our footnote regarding the PCB costs (TW), howeverm, Lou Soldano=20
indicated on his memo to Susan Scott that these are not "decontamination=20
costs".   Can you please clarify this matter as our Auditors (AA) are waiting=20
for our final draft this morning.  They will not sign off until we cleared=20
this matter.  Please respond so we can get a signoff.  Thanks
Transwestern incurred and continues to incur certain costs related to=20
polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) that migrated into one of its customer=01,s=20
facilities through use of a PCB-based lubricant.  Because of the continued=20
detection of PCBs near Transwestern=01,s Topock station, Transwestern continues=20
to take measures to contain the PCBs at a cost of $7.3 million in 1999 and an=20
estimated cost of $4.2 million in 2000.
Aurora
04/14/2000 05:24 PM
Louis Soldano
Louis Soldano
Louis Soldano
04/14/2000 05:24 PM
04/14/2000 05:24 PM
these are not "decontamination costs."   they are anticpated costs assocaited=20
with the PG&E Operating Agreement.  I don't think any of these costs are true=20
Decontamiantion costs 
let me know if you have any questions....thx
=20
=09
=09
Here is the breakdown of 1999 PCB decontamination costs for TW:
Topock mods   $4,675,000
PG&E sample taps  $     90,000
PG&E filter separator  $   600,000
Remove PG&E filter separator $     10,000
If you need the costs broken down in more detail, or need more information,=20
please give me a call at x30596.
Hey there, enjoyed hearing about your shopping adventures!  Just a quick note 
to say that Bill will be coming with me this weekend, so Mema will have more 
than enough entertainment.  Tell Jim to bring his tennis gear and if the 
weather cooperates we can play.  He would probably enjoy hitting with Bill 
Saw Bruce Springsteen last night, even though I'm really not much of a fan Ann really wanted to go, and I knew it would be a good show (which it was He played for 3 hours and needless to say I'm pretty worthless this a.m.
Look forward to seeing you soon.
S.
Here it is.  Please let me know your comments today.  Thanks.
Frank and Steve, see the attached.  My theory, which is based on our 
experience with the Gallup compressor, is that we could enter into a joint 
ownership and operating agreement with Agave, and as long as we convince the 
Commission that the agreements give TW sufficient control over the operation 
of the facility to ensure FERC regs are complied with, they will be OK with 
the joint ownership -- and not try to assert jurisdiction over Agave (a 
gathering company).  Although it seems likely that other pipelines have 
entered into such arrangements, I've not found any cases on point here.
Do you agree with my conclusion?  Any other ideas or insights?  Please let me 
know.  Thanks.
Kevin Hyatt
04/12/2000 05:26 PM
Susan I need some regulatory help in determining some possible deal 
structures.  We are working with Agave to develop a storage facility near the 
West Tx lateral in Eddy County, NM.  My original thought was both parties 
would share in the development costs and own equity interests in the 
facility.  TW would then lease out storage space to shippers plus use storage 
capacity to augment our Park N Ride capability.  The storage would be 
connected via lateral to our W Tx line.
But then it occurred to me how do we share ownership between regulated and 
non-regulated entities?
Do you have some time Friday morning to talk about this?  thanks
Kevin
x35559
Last month Lindy and I began looking into adding a provision to TW's tariff 
allowing shippers to elect to purchase fuel gas from TW.  There is good 
precedent for this and I think it would be fairly easy to accomplish as long 
as we don't try to make the purchase of fuel from TW mandatory (see the 
attached memo).  Mary Kay, as you and I discussed, we will need to address 
the fuel overrecovery issue before moving forward with this. 
You asked whether current contract approval procedures require the marketers 
to get Legal's approval on all transportation contracts.  The answer is no If you look at the ET&S policy on authority to grant transportation and 
storage discounts (I can fax it to you if you don' t have it), there is a 
column for "Pre-approved Terms" and one for "Non Pre-Approved Terms Contracts that are not on a pre-approved form always have to have the Legal 
Dept's approval.  Contracts on pre-approved forms with a total discount (for 
the entire contract term) of less than $1.2 million do not need Legal's 
approval; those above the threshold do. Does that make sense?  As far as I 
know our marketers have been following this.  I spoke with TK and she is 
aware of the policy, and she is also aware that she needs to show me any 
contract that deviates from our standard language.  She has also discussed 
this with Steve Harris recently to make sure he's comfortable with the 
policy 
If we need to discuss this further please let me know.
Drew, I wanted you to be aware of a potential dispute with regard to our 
consultant, Mark Baldwin of IGS.  Our consulting agreement with IGS (which 
has now terminated) provided for a flat fee, plus an incentive fee calculated 
using the net present value of any contract "identified by IGS" and entered 
into during the term of the consulting agreement.  During the term of the 
agreement, TW entered into its Gallup Expansion agreement with Southern.  IGS 
is now claiming it brought in the deal and so is entitled to an incentive 
fee.  While it is undisputed that Mark discussed the deal with Southern, 
Southern was also on Lorraine's list of shippers to contact for Gallup 
Expansion capacity.  Also, the capacity was posted for all to see.  So, while 
Mark can certainly claim he "identified" the deal, he was not alone in doing 
so. 
Steve is going to call Mark in response to his letter (after he talks to 
Lorraine to verify facts).  Our thinking is that if we offer IGS some money 
they will be happy.  We would really like to preserve what has been a good 
working relationship with this consultant.   On the other hand, I think we 
could probably take the position that they are not entitled to any incentive 
fee.  However, since the contract is silent as to whether IGS has to be the 
only party bringing in the deal in order to qualify for the incentive fee, 
this position is not as strong as I'd like it to be, and IGS might sue TW The amount in dispute could be as much as $200,000, depending on what rate we 
use in calculating net present value.
If you have any problem with our offering to pay part of the incentive fee to 
IGS, let me know.  I think it will be very important for Steve not to admit 
that Mark helped in any way in getting the deal -- just in case they do 
decide to take us to court.
Jeff, didn't realize everyone else was going to use narrative format.  Now 
that I've had a chance to think about it, I think ours will look silly if 
it's in Q&A format.  I'll work on changing it this evening.
Jeffery Fawcett
04/28/2000 04:32 PM
fyi
Thanks Jeff.?? Your testimony is in the Q&A format, not the narrative, but 
I'm not certain that will be a problem.? Originally, I was thinking we would 
package the testimony here and send them out to the ALJ in a one-piece 
package.? Because I'm not sure we will be able to do that logistically given 
the last minute changes I expect, we may all just file separately.? I'll let 
you know Mon-Tues what we decide.
Brian, 
I'm forwarding to you the first draft of Transwestern's GIR testimony.? As 
you can see, there are several holes yet to be filled in, particularly with 
respect to cites/references.? However, as concerns content, I'd appreciate 
any comments/proposed changes anyone would like to offer here.? I'm not 
sure if I have the latest Email distribution list, so please feel free to 
forward this on to anyone I've inadvertently left off.? Thanks. 
(See attached file: jcftestimony.doc) 
Keith, last week you and I discussed briefly Facilities Planning's proposal 
to change the service factor on the Gallup compressor in order to increase 
capacity.  I believe you had concluded that a certificate application would 
be necessary.  Now Arnold Eisenstein is asking me (thru our commercial 
people) whether we would still have to make a filing if our certificated 
capacity could be increased without any physical modification to the 
compressor -- in other words, through a pressure commitment.  My initial 
impression is yes, we would have to make a filing.  Am I out of my mind Does this make sense?  Please advise.
Drew, I've attached my proposed changes to the Red Cedar contract.  Our 
beloved Min/Max Language became a bit problematic, as you can see.  I'd 
welcome your comments on this.
Steve's new idea is to send a letter to Mark asking him to document/explain 
exactly what his role was in getting this deal.  Comments?  Not sure I care 
one way or the other, but after I see how it looks in writing, I'll have a 
better idea of whether this is how we should approach it.
Multi-tasking heavily today.  I'll send you a draft of our PNM answer to 
Dynegy protest by close of business.
Ugh.  I just got this today and think I understand the problem.  Let me know 
how Steve's conversation with Baldwin goes.  Thanks. DF
Drew, I wanted you to be aware of a potential dispute with regard to our 
consultant, Mark Baldwin of IGS.  Our consulting agreement with IGS (which 
has now terminated) provided for a flat fee, plus an incentive fee calculated 
using the net present value of any contract "identified by IGS" and entered 
into during the term of the consulting agreement.  During the term of the 
agreement, TW entered into its Gallup Expansion agreement with Southern.  IGS 
is now claiming it brought in the deal and so is entitled to an incentive 
fee.  While it is undisputed that Mark discussed the deal with Southern, 
Southern was also on Lorraine's list of shippers to contact for Gallup 
Expansion capacity.  Also, the capacity was posted for all to see.  So, while 
Mark can certainly claim he "identified" the deal, he was not alone in doing 
so. 
Steve is going to call Mark in response to his letter (after he talks to 
Lorraine to verify facts).  Our thinking is that if we offer IGS some money 
they will be happy.  We would really like to preserve what has been a good 
working relationship with this consultant.   On the other hand, I think we 
could probably take the position that they are not entitled to any incentive 
fee.  However, since the contract is silent as to whether IGS has to be the 
only party bringing in the deal in order to qualify for the incentive fee, 
this position is not as strong as I'd like it to be, and IGS might sue TW The amount in dispute could be as much as $200,000, depending on what rate we 
use in calculating net present value.
If you have any problem with our offering to pay part of the incentive fee to 
IGS, let me know.  I think it will be very important for Steve not to admit 
that Mark helped in any way in getting the deal -- just in case they do 
decide to take us to court.
Yes, I will send you a draft shortly.
Susan, are you preparing a response to their intervention?  MK
Please see the attached and let me know your comments by Wednesday a.m. if 
possible.
We do not really have anything that specific, but I could at least point out 
that the San Juan lateral is fully subscribed.
Susan, would it be beneficial to add more about the need for the service.  Do 
we have customers who have made verbal requests for the service that could be 
used, or other types of market demand to further illustrate the need 
Glen
Looks good to me.  Thanks. DF
Please see the attached and let me know your comments by Wednesday a.m. if 
possible.
Here is the quick & dirty.
None of the Gallup contracts contain a shipper out if the facilities are not 
placed in service by a certain date.  The respective obligations of the 
parties do not commence until the facilities are "tested and placed in 
service."  We notified our shippers by telephone yesterday that the 
facilities were in service.  The compressor has since been taken down because 
of excessive vibration and an unusual whining noise of undetermined origin EE&CC does not know how long it will take to correct the problems; they do 
not have enough information yet to even give an estimate.  Based on our 
experience with Hubbard, it could take months to correct the problem.  Today, 
we've been able to deliver all nominated gas simply because noms did not 
exceed our existing capacity.  Nominations are expected to exceed existing 
capacity this week, in which case we will have to allocate.
Given the uncertainty involved, from a PR standpoint I believe it would be 
best to tell the customers that because of unforeseen circumstances we are 
not in service after all, that we apologize for the mistake and will do our 
best to provide service on a daily or interruptible basis.    When the 
compressor is actually tested and really in service, we'll let them know The downside:  we get no reservation charge at all.  (estimated loss $25,000/month)
The upside:  in the long run we probably save face with our customers.
From a short-term economic standpoint, the better choice appears to be not to 
revoke our "in-service" announcement.  When summer weather kicks in, we'll 
probably have to allocate every day.  On our EBB we will have to give some 
reason for the allocation (or if we don't, shippers will demand an 
explanation anyway).  Shippers' rights to a reservation refund will be 
triggered The downside:  shippers will never trust us again.  Also, we could be subject 
to fraud or related causes of action for representing the compressor was "in 
service" when we knew it was not The upside:  on the off chance no one files a lawsuit and wins, we might at 
least get to keep some of the reservation charges owed us, to the extent 
deliveries don't fall below 75% of nominated quantities for a period of 
longer than 75 days in months other than July and August this summer.  (In 
July and August, we don't get any reservation charge for amounts not 
delivered).  We just need to keep in mind that normally the pipeline runs 
full in the summer months, and Gallup capacity was sold with that assumption 
in mind.
Haven't had time to do a formal write-up; if you want me to turn this into a 
memo for wider distribution, let me know.  For now, I think it's important to 
get a decision on one of the above options.  The longer we wait to get 
information to our shippers, the bigger our customer relations problem will 
be 
Sounds like a great idea -- let us know where/when.
FYI
James Pfeffer@_DEVELOPMENT
05/02/2000 08:35 PM
The Rolls-Royce vibration engineer has reported that the compressor itself is 
not inducing the abnormal vibration levels on the drive end bearings.  The 
engineer did report that the vibration is high for a new compressor, but not 
harmful to the compressor for the short term.
It is Rolls engineer's opinion that the excessive bearing vibration is due to 
vibrations created by gas flow through the suction strainer.  Rolls will be 
reviewing the gathered vibration data over the next few days to provide any 
further feedback.
TW Ops, via independent tests, has determined that the amplitude of the 
vibration that is eminating from the suction strainer is at a level which 
can, over time, be detrimental to the mechanical integrity of the unit 
piping. 
EECC, TW Ops Mgmt, and the TW Ops Team have discussed the situation and have 
decided to temporarily take the unit out of service to pull the suction 
strainer.  The strainer will be inspected for foreign material or damage The strainer will not be replaced unless some foreign material is found.  It 
is hoped that the removal of the strainer will 'de-tune' the piping system.
EECC, TW Ops Mgmt, and the TW Ops Team all feel that the risk of running 
without the startup strainer is minimized since the unit has been running 
intermittently for the past few days and has accumulated some significant run 
time.  It is expected that  any foreign material in the suction piping should 
have already been caught in the strainer.  Secondly, the station was designed 
with a suction scrubber which will further protect the compressor.
It is expected that the unit will be unavailable until midnight May 4, while 
the startup strainer is removed.  Care must be taken during the 
reinstallation of the piping spool as to not affect the compressor alignment 
or apply stress to the compressor nozzles.
James Pfeffer
FYI
James Pfeffer@_DEVELOPMENT
05/03/2000 08:00 AM
The suction strainer was removed last night.  The piping spool was=20
reinstalled without the major compressor alignment problems that were=20
expected.  This significantly reduced the downtime necessary for the removal=20
of the suction strainer.
No major foreign materials were found in the strainer.  Some small weld beads=20
were found.  There were some signs that the strainer may have been vibrating.
Several compressor test runs were made early this AM to measure the vibration=20
levels without the suction strainer.  The high frequency vibration was=20
reduced to safe levels.  There is no longer any risk to the unit piping=20
integrity.
The compressor bearing vibration did not decrease due to the removal of the=20
strainer.  Rolls will continue to assess the collected vibration data to=20
determine the cause of the high drive end bearing vibration and construct a=20
game plan.
The station once again became available for service around 4 AM.  The=20
compressor may or may not be run dependent on need.  Gallup Ops and Gas=20
Control are in close contact.
The station will be manned if the compressor is running due to Gas Control=20
being unable to send remote setpoints to the station controller.  The problem=20
stems from OPTO-22 not supporting the particular Modbus function required to=20
send setpoints.  This is a =01+lack of functionality=01, in the new LCM4 version=20
controllers/software utilized on the Gallup Project. =20
EECC has been in contact with OPTO-22 to determine the time table for=20
resolving this problem.  EECC, TW Ops are working on a temporary fix to=20
enable Gas Control to send remote setpoints to Gallup.  Gas Control is=20
currently able to monitor data from Gallup.
Some instrumentation will be replaced today that failed due to the high=20
vibration over the fast few days.
Final tuning of the station control loops and surge control will be also be=20
conducted today.
James Pfeffer
Lorraine:  here's Keith's brief response to your question about increasing 
capacity without changing the service factor or making other mods to the 
Gallup compressor.  Let me know where we need to go from here  Susan, my understanding is that the capacity west to the California border is 
a certificated amount (1090 MMcf/d).  If in any way we try to change the 
certificated amount of capacity (firm capacity), we will need to file.  TW is 
different than NNG, in that TW certificates capacity rather than facilities Arnold's idea of using a pressure commitment would still require a filing Please let me know, if we need to discuss further.
Keith
Bummer.  Too bad all of us are captive to Eric's schedule.
Bill and I enjoyed our too-short trip to the GC.  We hiked down Bright Angel 
trail to the second rest stop, which was plenty for me.  It was pretty hot Wish we could have stuck around longer but Bill had to be back for a trial Talk about restrictive travel schedules I was thinking about you and Karin and wanting to take your customary nature 
trips...you know, when Grayson is a little older, we could go on some trips 
and just take turns staying at the hotel/cabin with her while everyone else 
goes hiking/climbing/whatever.  You might have to pay for extra hotel days 
that way, but at least you would get to go.  In the meantime, what about 
staying in one place for a week or so -- a beach house, for example.  Eric 
permitting, I think it would be fun to get everyone together in Florida or 
Colorado sometime within the next year.
My car is ready at the shop.  Yay!
Ciao,
Sus.
Sus:
Not to complain,but AARRRRRRRRRRGGGHHHHHHHHH 
Now that we have canceled our reservations for the cabin at Zion for the end
of October, because Eric's window of opportunity for travel in California
was limited to that specific two week period, and have been on the phone for
a week making earlier arrangements and putting a deposit down, it seems
that, "well, you see there is this car race in Carmel and, well we would
really rather go earlier in the month"
Well we lost the cabin and spent money for accommodations that are not as
good, and that's why we checked before.
tuff
jim
see attached.
Jeff, we only need to send a copy to the Judge electronically.  This is why 
we've only seen a few from the other parties (I'm starting to receive some in 
the mail and will get you copies).  I'll do so promptly.  I'll e-mail one to 
Brian Cherry as well, and to anyone else who specifically requests it.  If 
you would prefer that I send to everyone electronically, let me know.  Copies 
were mailed to everyone Friday.
Jeffery Fawcett
05/09/2000 08:37 AM
Susan,
Were we supposed to file a copy with the CPUC and/or the Service List 
electronically?
I still need to receive the final electronic copies of the following 
testimonies: 
Mark Pocta 
Tom Beach 
Jeanne Zaiontz 
Jeff Fawcett 
Paul McKelvey 
Hi Mum!  The trip was pretty exhausting.  Friday we saw Hoover Dam, had lunch 
at a great diner in Kingman (on Route 66!) and rolled into Sedona around 5 Climbed around the red rocks of Sedona all day on Saturday, sat by the pool 
in the afternoon and I did some shopping.   Sunday we drove to Grand Canyon 
and did part of the Bright Angel trail.  That was pretty strenuous but 
definitely worth it.  Wish we could have made it a longer trip but we had 
Bill's trial schedule to deal with.  I'll spare you the details of my trip 
home -- suffice it to say I didn't make it back to Houston until about noon 
yesterday and have a $200 travel voucher for my trouble.
I will definitely come to Austin next weekend but probably will not get in 
until later on Saturday.  How about a homemade (by Chef Sooz) brunch on 
Sunday a.m.?
Have to run to a meeting ... for race info, I would try a search for Texaco 
or Texaco Gran(d?) Prix on the Internet.  I know that Texaco probably has it 
on their website.  If you don't find anything let me know.
Love,
Sooz
Camp2scott@aol.com on 05/09/2000 01:37:42 PM
Hi, Sooz!
Hope you had a wonderful time in Ariz, saw all kinds of wonderful things, and
didn't fall into the Canyon and expire.  Hope you took a lot of photos.
Can't wait to hear all about it.
I had a good time with Grayson.  Jim and I fed her bottles Sat and Sun, and
she took them without a whimper.  Karin is feeling liberated!  I think she
wants to quit breastfeeding since she is having to pump at the office, and
everytime Grayson misses a feeding from her.  Jim is upset.  She has an ally
in Eric.  He says, men don't know when to stay out of something like that.
Anyway, Grayson is turning out to be a very happy baby.  Everytime you look
at her, she breaks out in a huge smile.
Are you coming next weekend?  K&J are and have made a couple of hc appts.
One is for 6:45 Fri which they fear they won't be able to make.
Trying to get some enthusiasm to pull out all the dead ground cover and plant
something else, but so far, can't seem to get the momentum.  Everything else
is looking pretty good with all our rains.  Except that the shrub people
raped the photinias by the street.  They say they should come back nicely.
We'll see.
Is there someplace you can find info about the car races in Sept?  Eric has a
free ticket he needs to use by Nov 15.  I don't know how this would work with
our CA trip planned for Oct. 3-17.  Had no problem getting a place to stay in
Carmel and we're working out from there.  We'll probably stay in Santa Cruz
about 4 nights so we can do some sailing.
Anxious to hear from you,  love, mum
Dear Judge Biren:
Attached is the Prepared Direct Testimony of Jeffery C. Fawcett on Behalf of 
Transwestern Pipeline Company in Support of the Comprehensive Settlement 
Agreement that has been designated as Exhibit 12.  Hard copies of these 
documents were delivered to you on Friday, May 5.  Please contact me if there 
is any problem opening the electronic version.
Susan Scott
Transwestern Pipeline Company
(713) 853-0596
susan.scott@
Brian:  here is the electronic version of Jeff Fawcett's testimony.
Brian:  because of the travel time involved, TW would prefer to reverse the 
schedule on May 24 (i.e., retail first, capacity second) -- if no one has any 
objections/conflicts.
I have scheduled two days of panel practice cross-examination for those 
testifying to the Comprehensive Settlement in the GIR/NGS proceeding.? The 
first, scheduled for May 24, will be held in the Sutter Room A&B of the 
Hilton Hotel (on O'Farrell) in SFO.? The session is scheduled to go from 
9:00AM to 5:00PM.? Lunch will be brought in.? On May 25, we will meet in the 
same room at the Hilton immediately following the PHC that is scheduled for 
10:00AM at the Commission's offices.? This practice cross session will start 
no later than 12Noon and go to 4:00PM.? Lunch will also be available.
I am soliciting feedback from you on how we utilize our time most 
efficiently.? As of today, we have 11 witnesses sponsoring testimony.? Given 
that the majority of testimony is related to capacity matters, I'd like to 
suggest we bifurcate the sessions, devoting May 24 from the hours of 
9:00AM-2:00PM to capacity issues and 2:00PM-5:00PM to the retail panel.? On 
the 25th, we would go from 12Noon-2:30PM on capacity and 2:30-4:00PM on 
retail matters. 
I would also like to suggest that parties work with their respective 
witnesses prior to the panel hearings.? We should concentrate on nailing down 
the substance of our arguments prior to the 24th and then work to reach 
alignment between the various witnesses over the two day practice sessions After reviewing the draft testimony's over the last few days, I think we are 
going to be in an excellent position to persuasively argue that the 
Comprehensive Settlement resolves all of the Commission's most promising 
options.
We need to start a new "bucket" file called Direct Testimony.  Then please 
watch the mail and do a folder for each prepared testimony as they come in Thank you!
Hi there!  I was not able to launch the photo but was able to see it in 
"View" mode on my Lotus Notes.  What a pretty girl!
I assume you'll be in Austin for Mother's Day?  Let me know.  I was thinking 
of cooking brunch if the whole gang is going to be there, but if it is just 
me and Mum maybe we'll just go out.  I have no idea what to buy her!  must do 
some shopping today or tomorrow.
Trivia time:  last night I went to the Astros game with some people from 
work.  One guy brought his girlfriend, Thani-ta, who is from Thailand.  She 
likes to eat at Nit Noi when she is in town!  She told me she has a dog 
called Nit Noi, which means "little bit."  Now you know!
Have a good day;   in Austin.
Love,
proud auntie sooz
FBCat@aol.com on 05/07/2000 08:57:47 PM
Hi! I sent a picture of Grayson to multiple people including you. I have
never done a mass mailing before and not sure if i did it right. Please let
me know if you received it! If not I will try again! If you DID get it, let
me know if you have any problems opening it. I hope you had a good trip and
in Austin for Mother's Day!
Byeee!
Karin
remember, you can also e-mail me at work now! kss@overlandpartners.com
Rich and Dave, attached are my suggested revisions to Mike McLeod's draft of 
an amendment to the original electric service agreement.  Dave, I'll bring 
you a copy of that agreement.  Rich, if Mike did not send you one, let me 
know and I will fax it to you 
In my revisions, I've attempted to reflect the least cost billing you 
described to me, using terminology I read in the tariff.  Please let me know 
if it looks alright to you.  I'm available to discuss this whenever you are, 
then I will make sending this to Mike top priority.  My sincerest apologies 
for the delay; there has been more chaos around here than I am accustomed to 
handling, and I appreciate your patience.
Susan
x30596
P.S. -- Dave, on your wish list you had included an evergreen provision.  See 
Section 2 of the original contract, which gives TW the right to extend for 
another five-year term by giving notice to SPS.  If TW does not give such 
notice, SPS may cancel the contract, and if it doesn't, the contract 
automatically rolls over for another year.  If this is not acceptable please 
let me know.
Rich and Dave, attached are my suggested revisions to Mike McLeod's draft of 
an amendment to the original electric service agreement.  Dave, I'll bring 
you a copy of that agreement.  Rich, if Mike did not send you one, let me 
know and I will fax it to you 
In my revisions, I've attempted to reflect the least cost billing you 
described to me, using terminology I read in the tariff.  Please let me know 
if it looks alright to you.  I'm available to discuss this whenever you are, 
then I will make sending this to Mike top priority.  My sincerest apologies 
for the delay; there has been more chaos around here than I am accustomed to 
handling, and I appreciate your patience.
Susan
x30596
What if we replace Section 2 with something like "This Agreement shall 
continue in effect unless and until terminated pursuant to Section 3,"  and 
replace Section 3 with "Either Party may terminate this Agreement upon 
written notice to the other Party not less than twelve (12) months prior to 
the intended date of termination."
Sound OK?  if so I'll add it to my draft.
David Foti
05/10/2000 06:20 PM
Looks like you nailed the least cost billing provision pretty good.  Just 
need to abrogate our remaining term and make all agreements evergreen.
P.S. -- Dave, on your wish list you had included an evergreen provision.  See 
Section 2 of the original contract, which gives TW the right to extend for 
another five-year term by giving notice to SPS.  If TW does not give such 
notice, SPS may cancel the contract, and if it doesn't, the contract 
automatically rolls over for another year.  If this is not acceptable please 
let me know.
Rich and Dave, attached are my suggested revisions to Mike McLeod's draft of 
an amendment to the original electric service agreement.  Dave, I'll bring 
you a copy of that agreement.  Rich, if Mike did not send you one, let me 
know and I will fax it to you 
In my revisions, I've attempted to reflect the least cost billing you 
described to me, using terminology I read in the tariff.  Please let me know 
if it looks alright to you.  I'm available to discuss this whenever you are, 
then I will make sending this to Mike top priority.  My sincerest apologies 
for the delay; there has been more chaos around here than I am accustomed to 
handling, and I appreciate your patience.
Susan
x30596
Mary Kay Miller
12/28/99 12:56 PM
I received a message from Cindy Stark that Stan did speak to Dan Larcamp last 
week and the Gallop certificate should be on the first agenda in January.  If 
we hear anything more we'll keep you all informed.   Have a happy new year MK
Rich - Dave and I were just discussing whether a period less than 12 months 
would be appropriate (see language below), given that dereg. may bring some 
changes we want to take advantage of.  It's basically your call:  if SPS were 
to terminate our contract, how much time would we need to negotiate a 
replacement?
What if we replace Section 2 with something like "This Agreement shall 
continue in effect unless and until terminated pursuant to Section 3,"  and 
replace Section 3 with "Either Party may terminate this Agreement upon 
written notice to the other Party not less than twelve (12) months prior to 
the intended date of termination."
Sound OK?  if so I'll add it to my draft.
David Foti
05/10/2000 06:20 PM
Looks like you nailed the least cost billing provision pretty good.  Just 
need to abrogate our remaining term and make all agreements evergreen.
P.S. -- Dave, on your wish list you had included an evergreen provision.  See 
Section 2 of the original contract, which gives TW the right to extend for 
another five-year term by giving notice to SPS.  If TW does not give such 
notice, SPS may cancel the contract, and if it doesn't, the contract 
automatically rolls over for another year.  If this is not acceptable please 
let me know.
Rich and Dave, attached are my suggested revisions to Mike McLeod's draft of 
an amendment to the original electric service agreement.  Dave, I'll bring 
you a copy of that agreement.  Rich, if Mike did not send you one, let me 
know and I will fax it to you 
In my revisions, I've attempted to reflect the least cost billing you 
described to me, using terminology I read in the tariff.  Please let me know 
if it looks alright to you.  I'm available to discuss this whenever you are, 
then I will make sending this to Mike top priority.  My sincerest apologies 
for the delay; there has been more chaos around here than I am accustomed to 
handling, and I appreciate your patience.
Susan
x30596
Hi Brian!  How nice to hear from you.  Congrats on being an uncle.  Scott is 
a good-looking baby!  Yes, I'm pretty psyched about little Grayson; she is a 
sweetie!  Karin and Jim are anxious to give me a refresher course on 
babysitting skills.  I told them that when my niece is old enough to 
understand the command "Go find your shoes and I'll help you put them on I'll be happy to take her off their hands for a weekend!  I too am in no rush 
to have kids.  While my boyfriend is a great guy and loves children, somehow 
I just can't imagine him hanging around the house helping with diapers!
I am so glad you're enjoying Tampa.  Picking up and moving can be a great 
thing sometimes.  I will never regret leaving Austin for Houston.  There is 
just so much here I enjoy doing and my social life is a whole lot better The job is absolutely crazy.  If you ever watch "ER," that is usually what my 
day looks like, only without all the blood!  Here at Enron Gas Pipeline Group 
I work as the only lawyer for a very busy commercial team.  We sit in an open 
work area and it is chaotic every day.  But it's a good crash course in 
business for me, and my clients are wonderful 
Do take some study breaks and keep in touch!  E-mail is a wonderful thing.
Time to hit the tennis courts.
Love,
Susan
Susan,
Hi, how are you doing? I got your e-mail address from Aunt Sheila. I had
earlier gotten her e-mail address from my Dad and sent her an e-mail after
hearing about Karin giving birth. So how about that! Are you excited about
being an Aunt? I can accept being an uncle much more than being a dad. I am
in no hurry to have kids. Actually, I am in no hurry to get married. I think
I would be  good dad, although I would have to settle down a bit. But that
won't happen anytime soon, as I am enjoying the Tampa area too much. I moved
down here last August and am loving it.
I just got done taking the CPA exam and am scheduled to take the FL Bar exam
in July. So I will not be enjoying FL too much for the next few months. I
just thought I would drop you a line and see how you are doing. How is
Houston? Are you still enjoying it there? How's the job? Have you made
partner yet? Have you seen much of Grayson since her birth? Well enough ?'s,
I have to go. Let me know how you are doing! Take care.
Your cousin,
Brian
Here are my standard rules for my witnesses on examination by opposing 
counsel.  They are worth learning well ahead of time because they can be very 
difficult to follow.  Memorize these and we'll do fine on cross (assuming we 
even get any questions).
1.  Listen carefully to the question.
2.  Answer only that question; do not volunteer more.
3.  If you don't know for sure what the answer is, just say so.
4.  If you cannot answer a "yes" or "no" question with "yes" or "no," say so 
and explain why.
Thought you'd be interested in this.
Jeffery Fawcett
05/11/2000 08:57 PM
Attached for your review and comment is a draft notice to TW customers of the 
EnronOnline auction.  Inasmuch as I haven't been part of the development 
process, please check this document carefully for errors and/or 
misrepresentations.   To meet the timeline for this project, please provide 
your comments back to me by noon, Tuesday, May 16.  Thanks.
Hi Mum!  I'm up for birthday celebration this weekend.  Can you believe I 
actually have a gift for Jim already?  I'll try to get there as early as I 
can tomorrow.  Bill will not be coming with me because he has too much work 
piled up, including clients to visit in jail!  My first priority is sleep as 
I have not gotten much this week -- I keep waking up in the middle of the 
night; it's miserable.  To make things worse, I think a ghost has appeared to 
Goo.  She is really freaked out about something, pacing around and acting 
like she hears things.  Gabby is her usual self.
How's the pool?  I'll bring my suit just in case 
Love,
Sooz
Camp2scott@aol.com on 05/11/2000 03:33:21 PM
Hi, Sooz!
Hope you haven't had to try to play catch-up since returning from your trip.
I was just thinking since we'll all be together this weekend, maybe I'll bake
a birthday cake for Jim.  His birthday is the 20th.  Don't worry about having
to have a gift ready.  I'm not going to give him his gift until next week.  I
haven't heard for sure, but they will probably leave Sat., maybe after
dinner, like before.
Did Karin tell you Grayson had used red paint with her feet in nursery the
other day?!  Karin is wondering what kind of "craft" she made.  It must be
something for Mother's Day!!
High Fidelity, the new John Cusak movie is very good.  Joan is in it as well.
See you soon!  love, mum   p.s. is Bill coming?
I'll just get with Ramona in the a.m. and see when she can meet & we'll go 
from there.
Here's a draft of a research memo on options.  While I am hopeful that we can 
overcome FERC's policy on reservation of capacity, our arguments obviously 
need to be developed a little more before we can do that.  I know the 
business folks are anxious to hear our strategy.  I would appreciate your 
comments on the attached 
Your "courtesy copy" of the draft I sent to MK, Drew and Shelley.  We'll put 
our heads together and come up with a final version.
Please ignore my previous e-mail which included the wrong attachment.
Ted, please see if they will agree to Texas law (see last paragraph).  If 
not, let me know.
Otherwise, this looks fine.
SS
Ted Chavez
05/09/2000 08:48 AM
Susan,
Please review the attached agreement and let me know if you approve.
Thanks,
Ted
x-37952
Wow, you struck a nerve with this one!  My grandmother (Mema) is an absolute 
nightmare when around family, but really sweet to everyone else!  Everyone 
tells me how wonderful and nice she is (she meets lots of people I know on 
her commute to her office downtown), and I just have to keep my mouth shut 
because no one would believe some of the things she says & does.  Example over Christmas she kept trying to tell my 8-months pregnant sister all kinds 
of delivery-room horror stories!  I finally had to yell at her to get her to 
shut up.  Maybe you remember Mema; she calls every so often and bullies 
receptionists and secretaries into tracking me down instead of just leaving a 
message.  Of course, everyone but me thinks it is really cute.
Hope your holiday was really great!
Why is it some family members are more courteous to strangers than to each
other?
Wow!  So true!!!  Have a good Monday!
______________________
Shelly Smith
Legal Department
713.371.7124
713.371.6797 FX
PG&E Gas Transmission Texas and any other company referenced herein which 
uses the PG&E name or logo are not the same company as Pacific Gas and 
Electric Company, the California utility.  These companies are not regulated 
by the California Public Utilities Commission, and customers do not have to 
buy products from these companies in order to continue to receive quality 
regulated services from the utility.
Transwestern has drafted the attached rebuttal testimony in response to 
testimony filed by Kern River and the Post-Interim Settlement parties Please let me know if you have comments.
I have been working with Ramona and Lorraine to make system adjustments to 
TW's LFT arising from conclusions made at a Northern LFT meeting a few weeks 
ago.  One change that has been called for is that if a Limited Day is called 
(for now let's say a total Limited Day, without notifying shippers of any 
percentages), no LFT can flow at any time during that day but the LFT shipper 
would have the option to flow IT to the extent space is available.  If a 
Limited Day were called notifying shippers that only a certain percentage 
would flow, LFT shippers would be able to flow that percentage, and the rest 
could be scheduled IT 
Drew latched onto this when I mentioned it to him and wanted to debate this 
change with me.  As currently configured, TW's system would allow LFT 
shippers to put in nominations on a Limited Day, and if any LFT capacity were 
in fact available that LFT would be scheduled.  Similarly, if TW were to 
notify shippers of a partial Limited Day (say 50%), and 60% of the capacity 
in fact became available, TW's system (today) would allow LFT shippers to put 
their nominations in and flow 60%, not limit them to 50%.   TW's tariff 
language appears suitably vague to allow this --  a Limited Day is defined as 
a day on which TW may choose not to schedule service in whole or in part, and 
the billing section has a provision for Limited Days on which any quantity of 
gas is transported 
Our question was whether, by changing TW's LFT system as described in the 
first paragraph, we wouldn't be leaving some firm transportation revenue on 
the table (because the IT rate is generally lower than our firm rate).  If 
so, is the change necessary for some other reason?   Please let me know what 
you think.
SS
Ashley -- here is a lease renewal letter.  Pumpkin is welcome to stay over at 
your place.  In fact, if you or Deron need me to check in on her at any time, 
walk her, etc., you really should not hesitate to call me (713-864-4960)!  I 
love dogs and wish I could justify having one!
Hi Mum!  I had a fun time this weekend.  It was good to have everyone 
together.  Glad K&J are relaxing about Mema and the baby.  She gets such a 
kick out of seeing her.  Thanks for the new clothes; I still can't believe we 
let you shop for us on Mother's Day weekend 
Got a message that Lois came by and got the dishes.  Earlier when I was in a 
meeting she left a voice mail saying she wasn't sure what exit to use off of 
610.  Wish they lived closer and I could have just stopped by.
Had another sleepless night Sun. and finally took some Unisom and had a good 
night's sleep last night.  What a relief.  I have really never had this 
problem before.  It's good to have a lot of energy, but you have to shut down 
sometime.
Am sending you my travel schedule for next week.  The following week (May 29 
- June 2) I'm planning to be in SF also, but I'm not sure I'll actually have 
to be there that long.
Have a good afternoon!
Love,
Sooz
Camp2scott@aol.com on 05/15/2000 12:30:28 PM
Hi, Sooz!  Hope you had a good trip back home yesterday.  I really do wish
Houston were at least an hour closer.
Thank you for the beautiful pjs and robe and for the Sunday brunch.  I wish
Karin had been more help to you, but then, she never has been.  I really
appreciate all your work.
Good cartoon on the editorial page this a.m.:  Putin, the new Russian
president, was seated at his desk when an aide comes in and says, " George W.
Bush wants to know if you're related to Ras Putin."
Darrell and I went on an early morning walk and neither of us felt very well
and doubled back before reaching the bridge.  I think I was all tuckered out
from our Sun. walk.
The 3 of us were trying to get together for Darrell's birthday lunch, so I'm
going to make lunch here on Sat.  Cathy is coming into town for a haircut and
K&J&G will be here since Karin has an appt. as well.  We usually go out to
lunch, but I don't want to miss any baby time!
I'm cleaning up the house from the weekend today.  Hope you have a good week.
love, mum
In case you do not have my draft of the filing, here it is.
Christine Stokes
05/16/2000 03:44 PM
Please join me tomorrow, Wednesday May 17th, at 3:00 p.m. in room 4194 to 
discuss some of the details of implementing Transwestern's potential fuel 
monetization service.  Thanks!
Edd, looks like the gas industry restructuring thing is going to bring me to 
SF next Tues. thru Thurs., then May 29 thru June 2.  I had thought about 
going for the whole Memorial Day weekend, but Bill's going to be in Boston 
the following weekend, so I now think that June 3 - 4 would be the better 
weekend for me to hang out in Cali.  It's all sort of loosey-goosey anyway 
because the judge has not announced the order in which witnesses will be 
presented.  I think she forgets some of us are from out of town!  Makes it 
really hard to plan.  I'll know for sure by the 25th.  Thank goodness for 
refundable airline tickets.  Anyway, are going to be around that 1st weekend 
of June?  And -- might you be available for dinner next Tuesday or 
Wednesday?  These guys like to talk business well into the evening hours, but 
my interest starts to wane near suppertime and I could probably make excuses 
and leave.
Bill and I took a whirlwind trip to Arizona a couple of weekends ago.  He was 
in Bullhead City, of all places, where his uncle has a vacation home.  I 
joined him a few days later in Vegas.  Luckily he had been to Laughlin 2 
nights in a row and had gotten blackjack out of his system.  We set out for 
Sedona but first had to stop at Hoover Dam, then a diner in Kingman (on Route 
66 of course).  Stayed a couple of nights in Sedona, where we climbed lots of 
rocks (which we later found out were protected nature preserve areas -- oops) 
and got real dusty and sunburned.  Then we drove up to the Grand Canyon and 
hung out at the South Rim.  Actually, we climbed down Bright Angel Trail back up, then drove straight to the Las Vegas airport, from which we took the 
redeye so Bill could make it to his trial the next day.    I would really 
love to spend more time in the Grand Canyon -- maybe not this fall, but the 
next 
Ciao fo' now, and lots of soul
S.
Lynn -- FYI, here is my draft of the fuel filing for TW.  This is very much a 
work in progress and we're having a meeting tomorrow to discuss logistics We've invited Darrell and Richard to the meeting; if there is anyone else you 
think we should include just let me know.
On Friday the Commission issued an order suspending (until October 15, 2000) 
TW's tariff sheets for acquiring PNM capacity, and calling for a technical 
conference.  The Commission stated that while TW's proposal may be in the 
public interest, further investigation of the issues, including those raised 
by Dynegy in its protest, is necessary prior to authorization.  The order 
does not make clear what issues are to be investigated, but they seem to 
include:  whether TW will, in effect, become a marketer for PNM's services, 
whether the rates are just and reasonable and whether there is any expansion 
of monopoly power.  Additionally, the Commission noted that while PNM has 
certificate (i.e., public convenience & necessity) authority to transport gas 
in interstate commerce, PNM will "have to either explain how it has 
appropriate rate authority for transportation of natural gas in interstate 
commerce, or seek appropriate rate authority from the Commission."   Lorraine 
has forwarded a copy of the order to PNM so that they can begin taking the 
appropriate steps.
I will talk with regulatory about technical conference dates and will tell 
you when I have further information.  If you would like a copy of the order, 
let me know.
Elizabeth -- As we discussed, billing will need to take place pursuant to 
Section 30.8(e) (i.e., refund or credit to the releasing shipper).
Here is the language you requested for our posting:
In accordance with Section 30.9(f) of the General Terms and Conditions of 
Transwestern's Tariff, Releasing Shipper shall remain liable to Transwestern 
for payment of reservation charges and any applicable surcharges.
If you need anything further please don't hesitate to call.
Please see the attached in connection with sales of capacity options on TW.
Since the 311 belt/suspenders approach didn't quite fit, I've had to try to 
convince Mr. Hertzberg that he ought to rely on the NGA Sec. 1 exemption for 
gatherers (Frank Kelly and Frazier concur with us on this, by the way).  He 
is not convinced yet, although he is unable to cite any authority for his 
proposition that being a shipper on TW would subject a gathering company to 
FERC jurisdiction.  I pointed out that Agave, the owner and operator of an 
extensive gathering system that interconnects with TW's system, has for many 
years been a shipper on TW.  Also, Lindy has found that Red Cedar already has 
a long-term transportation contract on another interstate system, 
Transcolorado, so if Hertzberg's theory is right they are going to jail 
anyway!
Red Cedar also seems to be hung up on our requirement that shippers have 
title to the gas they ship.  At this point Lorraine and I believe they might 
just be looking for any excuse to get out of the deal.  If anything 
interesting happens I'll let you know.
I agree with Glen's comments,  anything greater than the allowed MDQ can flow 
or be scheduled, but it would be at the IT rate.  Based on the contract, the 
overrun rate is usually the same as the firm rate so I don't believe there is 
a revenue issue.  Keep in mind, when a day is limited the mdq is "reduced" 
systemiatically  to that level so anything greater is overrun.  MK
Although I would like to collect the LFT revenue in the second example on 
60%, isn't the extra unanticipated  10% TI? The tariff is vague in regard to 
partial days.  It appears we could call a partial limited day  based on a 
percentage of the MDQ or a specific volume level however once we have 
announced the firm level haven't we made a commitment only to that level of 
MDQ on a firm basis and any other volumes that might flow would be regarded 
as overrun 
Glen 
I have been working with Ramona and Lorraine to make system adjustments to 
TW's LFT arising from conclusions made at a Northern LFT meeting a few weeks 
ago.  One change that has been called for is that if a Limited Day is called 
(for now let's say a total Limited Day, without notifying shippers of any 
percentages), no LFT can flow at any time during that day but the LFT shipper 
would have the option to flow IT to the extent space is available.  If a 
Limited Day were called notifying shippers that only a certain percentage 
would flow, LFT shippers would be able to flow that percentage, and the rest 
could be scheduled IT 
Drew latched onto this when I mentioned it to him and wanted to debate this 
change with me.  As currently configured, TW's system would allow LFT 
shippers to put in nominations on a Limited Day, and if any LFT capacity were 
in fact available that LFT would be scheduled.  Similarly, if TW were to 
notify shippers of a partial Limited Day (say 50%), and 60% of the capacity 
in fact became available, TW's system (today) would allow LFT shippers to put 
their nominations in and flow 60%, not limit them to 50%.   TW's tariff 
language appears suitably vague to allow this --  a Limited Day is defined as 
a day on which TW may choose not to schedule service in whole or in part, and 
the billing section has a provision for Limited Days on which any quantity of 
gas is transported 
Our question was whether, by changing TW's LFT system as described in the 
first paragraph, we wouldn't be leaving some firm transportation revenue on 
the table (because the IT rate is generally lower than our firm rate).  If 
so, is the change necessary for some other reason?   Please let me know what 
you think.
SS
Tony & Frazier -- several comments from TW Commercial.
Page 1:  Streamlined Credit -- what does "interested parties" mean? parties 
interested in bidding, or parties interested in us having a look at their 
credit ?  Probably need to make this clear; on first reading, looks like 
obtaining credit approval ahead of time is optional.  (Don't we want everyone 
to get approval ahead of bidding 
Page 2:  you state that "individual bid transactions are kept confidential What is  Page 3:  why not request a little more emphatically that shippers establish 
creditworthiness at least several days in advance of bidding?  Especially 
since we plan to attract brand-new shippers by offering this service.  Our 
credit dept. folks would probably appreciate not having to do it all between 
2 and 4 on bid day.
If we're asking that shippers submit bids to 3 decimal places, our example 
should be to 3 decimal places (e.g., $0.351).
Page 7:  "an" Capacity Trading Agreement should be "a" Capacity Trading 
Agreement.
Page 8:  So we don't appear low-tech, let's go ahead and tell shippers we 
plan to have the Request for Service and the service agreement available for 
online submittal at some point in the near future.
Also, we've never asked shippers to submit a Request for Service with each 
bid.  A shipper may bid and re-bid several times over the bidding process They really only need to submit the Request for Service at the time of, or 
prior to, the first bid.  I recommend stating "You must submit a Request for 
Service prior to making your initial bid" so they don't think they have to 
submit a new one every time they revise their bid.
Page 9:  Under "When TW will Respond":  need to specify how notification will 
be sent 
Page 14:  Column that says "Price" should say "Rate" (for a second there we 
thought you were talking about gas prices).  Also, please use example rates 
that are more realistic for TW (in the $0.240 to $0.299 would be great 
Thanks for all your hard work on this.  I'll be here if you have any 
questions.
05/17/2000 01:23 PM
Tony Pryor
Tony Pryor
Tony Pryor
05/17/2000 01:23 PM
05/17/2000 01:23 PM
Sent by: Janet Cones
Attached is a revised draft of the webtext. You will note that we have added 
the transportation service request form in the text. The bidder will have to 
print the form, fill it out and fax it to us because it is our understanding 
that we can't work it into the website for completion and execution online in 
the time frame for July 1 service. 
Also, please note that (1) we have changed the some of the information in the 
Account Manager grid and (2) the attached draft assumes that the Bid List, 
from the original text, is the same document as the Account Manager page 
We are assuming that we would not be able to get the Transportation Service 
Agreement available for online execution by clicking for July 1. Thus, we 
will handle the service agreement manually. However, for subsequent months we 
contemplate establishing contracting procedures so that the service agreement 
can be executed online by a click. 
Frazier and Tony
When the Commission granted Texas Eastern authority to hold capacity on 
another pipeline in Texas Eastern Transmission Corporation, 74 FERC P 61,074 
(1996), it stated that when a pipeline holds capacity on an upstream 
pipeline, the downstream pipeline's customers may hold title to the gas 
transported on the upstream pipeline.  The Commission recognized this as one 
of the limited exceptions to the shipper must have title rule.  Specifically, 
the Commission stated 
The downstream pipeline will not hold title to gas shipped on capacity it has 
acquired on an upstream 
pipeline. Rather, shippers on the downstream pipeline will hold title to the 
gas on the upstream 
pipeline. We will allow a pipeline to hold the upstream capacity; we will 
not, however, allow the pipeline 
to hold title to the gas being shipped.  Thus, the downstream pipeline will 
be the shipper on the upstream 
pipeline, but will not hold title when the gas is being shipped. This results 
in a limited exception to the rule 
that a shipper must hold title to gas being shipped. 
I believe that if we can address the Commission's other concerns about this 
filing, they will grant a similar waiver for this transaction.  You can feel 
free to pass this along to your contact at PNM.
Dear Judge Biren:
Attached is the Prepared Rebuttal Testimony of Jeffery C. Fawcett on Behalf 
of Transwestern Pipeline Company in Support of the Comprehensive Settlement 
Agreement that has been designated as Exhibit 17.  Hard copies of this 
document are being delivered to you today.  Please contact me if there is any 
problem opening the electronic version.
Susan Scott
Transwestern Pipeline Company
(713) 853-0596
susan.scott@
Mike, please see the attached.  The first document has Transwestern's 
revisions highlighted.  If this meets with your approval, please execute two 
originals and send them to me.  Please call me if you have any questions.
Susan Scott
Transwestern Pipeline Company
1400 Smith St., Room 4788
Houston, TX 77007
(713) 853-0596
Steve, attached for your reading pleasure is the testimony we've filed in the 
GIR proceeding 
Dear Judge Biren:
Transwestern Pipeline Company will be offering the following exhibits:
1.  Prepared Direct Testimony of Jeffery C. Fawcett on Behalf of 
Transwestern Pipeline Company in Support of the Comprehensive Settlement 
Agreement (Exhibit 12, incorporating Exhibit JCF-1) and 
2.  Prepared Rebuttal Testimony of Jeffery C. Fawcett on Behalf of 
Transwestern Pipeline Company in Support of the Comprehensive Settlement 
Agreement (Exhibit 17 
Transwestern estimates it will need less than 10 minutes for direct 
testimony.  Transwestern does not at this time intend to cross-examine any 
witnesses; however, it reserves the right to request a reasonable amount of 
time to examine witnesses on issues affecting Transwestern to the extent that 
any party's live testimony differs from or conflicts with its prepared 
testimony.
Susan Scott
Transwestern Pipeline Company
(713) 853-0596
susan.scott@
Dear Judge Biren:
Transwestern Pipeline Company will be offering the following exhibits:
1.  Prepared Direct Testimony of Jeffery C. Fawcett on Behalf of 
Transwestern Pipeline Company in Support of the Comprehensive Settlement 
Agreement (Exhibit 12, incorporating Exhibit JCF-1) and 
2.  Prepared Rebuttal Testimony of Jeffery C. Fawcett on Behalf of 
Transwestern Pipeline Company in Support of the Comprehensive Settlement 
Agreement (Exhibit 17 
Transwestern estimates it will need less than 10 minutes for direct 
testimony.  Transwestern does not at this time intend to cross-examine any 
witnesses; however, it reserves the right to request a reasonable amount of 
time to examine witnesses on issues affecting Transwestern to the extent that 
any party's live testimony differs from or conflicts with its prepared 
testimony.
Susan Scott
Transwestern Pipeline Company
(713) 853-0596
susan.scott@
Well, I wanted you to have something to open ON your birthday. 
Greetings from San Francisco!
I'm told we're having "earthquake weather" today.  Don't know what that 
means, but it sounds scary!
Hi to K. and G 
Yes , I saw it . You are the coolest sister-in-law one could possibly ask
for.
You didn't really need to do that since you already got me the tennis stuff,
but i wont complain, i always like to buy new books.
thanks again,
jim
I forgot to tell you to check your FBCat e-mail for a birthday surprise!
If it did not arrive, let me know.  Hope y'all had a good weekend.
In response to your inquiries about whether TW's tariff allows the format 
posting, bidding and awarding of capacity in our EnronOnline proposal, here 
is my 2 cents' worth.
The criteria for awarding capacity is found in the Right of First Refusal 
section of TW's tariff (for some reason that's never been clear to me). See 
Section 13.A. (Sheet No. 18):  "All available capacity shall be allocated 
under these procedures, and Transporter will not maintain a firm 
transportation queue."  The ROFR section does specify the posting and bidding 
procedures (including a minimum one month period between posting and the bid 
deadline -- See Section 13.D.) but arguably these timelines only apply to the 
ROFR bidding process, not to an open season for other capacity.  Even if the 
one-month minimum bid period did apply outside the ROFR process, the 
EnronOnline proposal complies by giving shippers at least a month to submit 
bids (Tony -- am I right about this 
The only other relevant part of our tariff is the EBB/Internet section of the 
General Terms and Conditions (beginning on Sheet No. 72).   TW will continue 
to comply with all provisions in this section.  The section even specifically 
provides that shippers may request service and contract electronically.
I've found nothing in else in TW's tariff that would appear to address an 
online open season one way or the other.  I believe our tariff gives us the 
flexibility to sell capacity online as we've proposed to do.
Hope this helps.  If you want to discuss this I'll be here most of the day, 
and I will be reachable by e-mail while I'm in San Francisco next week.  My 
hearing does not start 'til noon Houston time on Tuesday, so if we need to 
talk Tuesday morning you can reach me at my hotel (415.398.1234).
I was successful shopping for Jim on-line at B&N and Territory Ahead.  Mum, 
only the book will be shipped to your house; I was on autopilot and typed in 
my work address for the other.  (Really missed the boat on tennis clothes You have to act early.  Today I saw one of the Met pros leaving with his 
catalog to order FALL 2000 Nike stuff!)  Karin, I am probably going to make a 
stop at Macy's or Neiman's makeup counter at some point so I could pick up 
the Estee Lauder for MeeMaw* if you know the shade 
Bill's b-day is today; if you want to send a message his e-mail is 
75261.151@compuserve.com.
That's all this elf knows.
* new trendy spelling with capital letter within the word
Anyway, Ann isn't coming on Friday because she can't stand it that everyone 
is a couple, so she is going instead with her ex boyfriend  to a dinner party 
given by some people she doesn't even know.  Although I am trying very hard 
to be understanding, I'm not doing a very good job.  When I was in her 
situation, I seem to remember enjoying my best friends' company whether I had 
a date or not!  But that's just me 
Hope you are still having tanning weather in Austin.  We certainly are here If you feel you are not getting enough color for your trip to Cabo, I'll come 
before you leave and help you with the Clinique Tan-In-A-Tube!  (You will 
still have to wear sunscreen).  What are your trip dates again?
Have a good day!
Love, 
Sooz
Tried to print a blank form without success.  Is there any other way I can 
get one, so I can do some rough drafts of my reviews on my business trip next 
week.  Please advise.
"perfmgmt@ect.enron.com"<perfmgmt on 05/14/2000 06:48:26 PM
Enron's Mid-Year 2000 Performance Management Process has begun.  During this 
process, you will be required to select suggested reviewers who can provide 
performance related feedback on you and you may also be requested to provide 
feedback on fellow employees.  You will need to do this  by accessing the 
Performance Management System (PEP) at 
Any questions should be directed to the PEP Help Desk at the following 
numbers:
In the U.S.:  1-713-853-4777, Option 4
In Europe:  44-207-783-4040, Option 4
In Canada:  1-403-974-6724 (Canada employees only)
Or e-mail your questions to:  perfmgmt@
To log on to PEP, enter your User ID and password provided below.
Once you have logged on, you will be immediately prompted to change to a 
secure password.
Your User ID & Password are:
User ID: SSCOTT9593
Password: WELCOME
Christine, this looks fine to me.  Please circulate to the appropriate people 
for approval with a notation that Appendix or Exhibit whatever provides that 
the quantity goes to zero during Apr-Oct.  If you need to reach me, I'll be 
logged in from about 9 to 10 a.m. your time before I go to our hearing here 
in SF.  Sorry for the late response; it's been a little crazy out here!
Christine Stokes
05/30/2000 03:00 PM
Hi Susan,
Attached below is the draft discount letter to Lorraine's 10 year SWG deal Please review and provide any revisions if necessary.  FYI,  the base FTS-1 
agreement will show that SWG will only have capacity November-March of each 
year.  Therefore do you agree that  my discount language does not need to 
incorporate the Nov-March term designation since the discount rate paragraph 
3 states that the rate shall be multiplied by the total contract quantity (0 
MMcf/d) contract quantity April-Oct)?
Thanks for your expedited review.
Approved.
Christine Stokes
05/31/2000 08:35 AM
TRANSWESTERN PIPELINE CONTRACT APPROVAL REQUEST
Please review the attached non-standard discount letter to Southwest Gas 
Corporation (SWG).  SWG shall enter into a 10 year agreement  for 14,000 
Dth/d of seasonal (November through March) capacity effective November 1, 
2000.  The transport rate of $.15/Dth/d shall increase annually by 
$.005/Dth/d.  The primary path shall be from Tranwestern's  East of Thoreau 
(EOT) Area  to the SWG Interconnect located in the East of California Area Alternate receipt point rights shall be from Tranwestern's EOT Area and from 
the Bloomfield Compressor.   SWG ROFR rights shall be wiaved. In 
additionTranswestern shall propose  to retain revenues generated by capacity 
release at rates higher than the effective contract's discount rate.
(Please note that the FTS-1 Appendix A - not shown here with the discount 
letter-  specifically indicates 0 MMcf/d capacity for the April through 
October period.  Therefore, even though the $.1500/MMBtu rate in Paragraph 3 
of the discount letter does not indicate the rate is a "seasonal rate", the 
effective billing to SWG shall be seasonal.)
Please indicate your approval via REPLY WITH HISTORY.   All Officer approvals 
shall be faxed to Bill Cordes for final Officer approval.
Since the market affiliate rule looks at business units rather than the 
function within the business unit (or any firewalls that are set up), since 
he works for ECT I have to say I would be uncomfortable putting him on the 
distribution list.  I know that he has access to the same info, but to give 
him access to our work product is probably a violation of the rule 
I am out of town, but if you have any questions please e-mail or leave me a 
voice mail, and I will reply after my hearing today.
Since he works for the same group that does our VAR calculation he should 
already have our positions, go ahead and send him the book, unless Susan 
Scott has a problem.  Susan, let us know if you have a problem.
Dan
Debbie Moseley
05/30/2000 04:32 PM
Dan,
Jan has suggested that Eugenio Perez is setup on distribution for the book I'm not sure about putting him on the distribution since is a ECTN employee However, according to Jan he works in the group that provides ET&S with the 
VAR calculation.  What do you think or should Susan Scot have final say.
Let me know.
Debbie
Jan Johnson
05/17/2000 04:15 PM
He works for Sally Beck.  Her group does VAR for all of Enron, so in that 
function he is Global.  He doesn't share any of the information he collects 
on the business units with any of the trading or commercial people, to ensure 
we have no market affiliate problems.  Is that enough protection or will we 
need to do more to separate him?
Jan
Debbie Moseley
05/17/2000 04:08 PM
Jan, who does Eugenio Perez work for?  When I typed in his name, it indicated 
he was with ECT 
Thanks, Debbie
Since the contract quantity goes to zero in Nov.-Mar., they pay no 
reservation charge in those months, so effectively the rate is zero for those 
months.  I suppose we could draft it either way and logistically it would 
work.  We used a similar structure in a deal we did earlier this year, if I 
recall correctly.
Also --  I agree that we would need to file this as a material deviation if 
SWG agrees to include the capacity release provision.  In case FERC does not 
like the provision for some reason, do we want to provide that disapproval by 
FERC will invalidate the whole contract (see language in the recent USGT 
contract), or do we want it to invalidate just that provision and let the 
rest of the deal stand?  It would depend on how much value the parties are 
attaching to that provision and whether we would want a chance to 
renegotiate...and I am assuming we would.  Christine, let me know which is 
preferable and I'll send you some language in the a.m.
It seems to me that if the capacity is only for the months of Nov-Mar, the 
reference to the discounted rate in section 2 should state that it is for the 
period Nov-Mar through 2010.  Also, the language in paragraph 6 should 
eliminate the reference to the tariff, since we don't have it, just start 
with the phrase "Shipper agrees that if it utilizes See previous comment as well.  Need to make sure we want to commit to a 10 
year discount, as policy may change and Tw would be required to absord the 
difference.  MK
Christine Stokes
05/31/2000 08:35 AM
TRANSWESTERN PIPELINE CONTRACT APPROVAL REQUEST
Please review the attached non-standard discount letter to Southwest Gas 
Corporation (SWG).  SWG shall enter into a 10 year agreement  for 14,000 
Dth/d of seasonal (November through March) capacity effective November 1, 
2000.  The transport rate of $.15/Dth/d shall increase annually by 
$.005/Dth/d.  The primary path shall be from Tranwestern's  East of Thoreau 
(EOT) Area  to the SWG Interconnect located in the East of California Area Alternate receipt point rights shall be from Tranwestern's EOT Area and from 
the Bloomfield Compressor.   SWG ROFR rights shall be wiaved. In 
additionTranswestern shall propose  to retain revenues generated by capacity 
release at rates higher than the effective contract's discount rate.
(Please note that the FTS-1 Appendix A - not shown here with the discount 
letter-  specifically indicates 0 MMcf/d capacity for the April through 
October period.  Therefore, even though the $.1500/MMBtu rate in Paragraph 3 
of the discount letter does not indicate the rate is a "seasonal rate", the 
effective billing to SWG shall be seasonal.)
Please indicate your approval via REPLY WITH HISTORY.   All Officer approvals 
shall be faxed to Bill Cordes for final Officer approval.
Christine Stokes
06/05/2000 10:07 AM
Susan, I promise this will be the last time we go through this.  Attached is 
the draft letter.  I have added the words for the discount paragraph "for the 
term of the contract" as you requested.  Please provide the additional 
language for the paragragh regarding our retaining  revenues of capacity 
release above the discount level being subject to FERC approval, otherwise if 
not accepted by the FERC then not applicable. Thanks!
.
Mike, please see the attached, which incorporates the changes we discussed 
yesterday.  If this looks acceptable to you, please sign two originals and 
forward them to me.  Thanks.
Susan Scott
Transwestern Pipeline Company
1400 Smith St., Room 4788
Houston, TX 77007
(713) 853-0596
Glen, at page 1020 of the transcript of yesterday's proceedings, the judge 
asked you and Norm Pedersen to work with various other parties to develop an 
exhibit reflecting capacity at the California border.  The judge mentioned 
she wanted to discuss the exhibit this morning, so I am surprised that you 
did not attempt to contact me to get Transwestern's input or at least to let 
us review the exhibit.  I would like to review the exhibit as soon as 
possible.  I am out of town but you can either e-mail it to me or fax it to 
941-466-2198 (before 3 pm PDT).  Also, I should be reachable on my mobile 
phone (713-494-5002) or by voice mail at my office (713-853-0596 
Glen, thanks for the quick response.  The process the parties agreed upon 
yesterday is acceptable to TW.
Sorry to hear there was an emergency at home; I hope all is well by now.
At the ALJ's direction, this subject was discussed among the parties who
were present in the hearing room yesterday at the lunch break and again
after the conclusion of hearings for the day.  The parties present reached
agreement on a process for this exhibit.
I had to leave for home immediately after the discussions in the hearing
room at the end of yesterday due to a family emergency.
I am informed the results of these discussions were put on the record today.
I understand that SoCalGas will provide to all parties by June 16 a draft of
the exhibit.  Parties can then comment to SoCalGas and we will attempt to
get a consensus by June 21.  SoCalGas will file by June 21 either a version
that has concensus, or failing concensus, its own version of what it thinks
the exhibit should show.  Parties who do not agree with what SoCalGas files
on June 21 can file on June 23 either their own version or comments on
SoCalGas' version.
I cannot absolutely guarantee the accuracy of the above details since I was
not present today and there is no transcript yet for today.
If this arrangement is not acceptable to Transwestern, you should object to
the ALJ immediately.  Hearings are scheduled to conclude after the lunch
break today.
Also, I am informed that SCGC has distributed in the hearing room and will
attempt to introduce today a written exhibit that includes an extensive
discussion of its views on the subject of "mismatches" of delivery and
take-away capacity at the California border.
-- Glen Sullivan
Attorney for SoCalGas and SDG&E
(619) 699-5162
Glen, at page 1020 of the transcript of yesterday's proceedings, the judge
asked you and Norm Pedersen to work with various other parties to develop
an exhibit reflecting capacity at the California border.  The judge
mentioned she wanted to discuss the exhibit this morning, so I am surprised
that you did not attempt to contact me to get Transwestern's input or at
least to let us review the exhibit.  I would like to review the exhibit as
soon as possible.  I am out of town but you can either e-mail it to me or
fax it to 941-466-2198 (before 3 pm PDT).  Also, I should be reachable on
my mobile phone (713-494-5002) or by voice mail at my office
(713-853-0596).
Luckily, we will have input re. the exhibit, and if SoCal does not cooperate 
to make it accurate, we will be able to file our own with an explanation Lad is such a weasel.  Why don't we try to talk sometime this a.m.
Well unfortunately, Ladd managed to confuse the judge as to the Upstream
capacity into the Socal system. In doing so he has potentially opened up a
"real" danger for TW at Hector Rd. and again completely left out of his
testimony S.Needles aka Topock capacity of 200 mmcfd. Now Socal will try to
poll the parties so as to prepare a consensus Exhibit that will put "fact"
to the upstream capacities into the Socal system. Well, I fear that the
other pipeline lines will shape the facts to their agendas and we will have
a distorted landscape into the Socal system. The downside I perceive is that
the judge will 1) want to Let the Market decide via increasing the maximum
receipt point capacity allowed  or 2) want further comments on the entire
Socal receipt point capacity structure. These two onerous outcomes can be
avoided if the judge receives a consensus Exhibit(at least from the
Settlement parties) that is explained in a consistent manner  and with
common terms. For example, if we look at just FERC capacities in lieu of
perfect design capacities we might calm down these issues.
We will likely lead this process for the CSA parties, Lets discuss Monday
morning. Hope everything went well in Florida, especially you Jeff . I hope
you just banged up your pride and not your body to badly.
Mark, IGS
I'm attaching an article that I just received about the CPUC's and Indicated 
Shippers' protests of the recent ENA deal on El Paso.   I have a call in to 
Drew Fossum to talk about formulating a formal response, and I will keep you 
in that loop in case you get any inquiries.  (My initial, unofficial reaction 
is that with the marketing affiliate rules and other safeguards in place, the 
fact that ENA and Transwestern have the same parent company should make no 
difference to the FERC.)  Until further notice, I would avoid any 
communication with ENA on these issues.  If you have any questions, please 
e-mail or call me (x30596).
Kevin Hyatt
12/30/99 12:39 PM
Enron-El Paso Deal Could Mute Competition to CA
Fearing an end to pipeline competition in California, the state's 
regulators and Indicated
Shippers have called on FERC to summarily reject the three 
transportation agreements by
Approval of these agreements would give Enron Corp., parent of 
Transwestern Pipeline
But "what's even worse," he told NGI, is the revenue-sharing provision 
in the contracts. It
stipulates that "after Enron makes $35 million off of these contracts, 
it has to share the
proceeds with El Paso for 25% of anything beyond $35 million. So 
effectively, Enron and
El Paso have become partners in how high they can jack up the 
transportation rate
differential between the California border and the Southwest producing 
basins 
The two pipeline companies "that have for decades competed with each 
other in carrying
Southwest supplies to California are now partners. We think that's 
anticompetitive, and
there's no way FERC should approve it," Morris said. He recalled the 
basis differential
between the San Juan Basin spot price and the California border shot up 
by 17% during
1998, the first year during which Dynegy controlled the El Paso capacity 
into California.
This situation could worsen under Enron, he believes. 
"At first blush the El Paso-Enron contracts [do] not appear to contain 
the same
anticompetitive features of the El Paso-Dynegy contracts," Indicated 
Shippers noted, but
a "closer review and analysis" reveals the anticompetitive effects of 
the revenue-sharing
provision (RSP) in El Paso-Enron contracts "are not only similar" to 
those of the hotly
contested reservation-reduction mechanism (RRM) in the El Paso-Dynegy 
case, "but are
increased......due to the fact that the contracts are with a marketing 
affiliate of El Paso's
primary interstate pipeline competitor," Transwestern. 
Both the RRM and RSP "operate to provide a disincentive for El Paso and 
its competitors
to compete against each other, or to take any other action that will act 
to drive down the
basis differential that defines the market value of the capacity Indicated Shippers told
FERC in a protest filed on Wednesday [RP97-287-041]. The group includes 
producers
Amoco Production, Burlington Resources Oil and Gas, Marathon Oil, and 
Phillips
Petroleum, and two marketers - Amoco Energy Trading and Phillips Gas 
Marketing. 
FERC "should reject the tariff filing immediately. The Commission erred 
in allowing the
El Paso-Dynegy contracts to remain intact for their two-year term after 
finding that the
contracts were anticompetitive. This issue is pending in the [D.C. Court 
of Appeals].
That same error should not be repeated here," the producers and 
marketers said. 
The CPUC's attempt to block the Enron-El Paso contracts at the outset is 
a little bit
unusual for the agency, Morris said, but it learned its lesson following 
Dynegy. "When the
Dynegy situation first hit, we asked for FERC to investigate the matter. 
We thought
FERC did a very inadequate job then.....This time around we're asking 
for FERC to
summarily reject it. It's hard for an agency like ours to take such a 
strong stand right at
the beginning, but we've learned too much from two years of suffering 
under the Dynegy
situation. And this is even worse 
In the event the Commission should reject California's request, the CPUC 
has asked that
an "anti-hoarding condition" be included in the contracts, which would 
require Enron to
release unused capacity into the short-term market at a price higher 
than what it's paying
El Paso for the capacity. "They must make a little profit," Morris 
noted. "We're confident
Enron can't use the entire 1.2 Bcf/d of capacity.....so there's going to 
be unused
capacity 
The agency also wants FERC to clarify that the primary delivery point 
for the Block II
portion of the capacity (579MMcf/d) is PG&E-Topock in keeping with the 
terms of the
1996 settlement between El Paso and its customers. Morris said he agreed 
fully with
Amoco, Burlington Resources and Southern California Gas (SoCalGas which accused
El Paso of violating the 1996 agreement by allowing Dynegy to use 
SoCalGas-Topock as
a primary delivery point for the Block II capacity last summer. They 
contend the alleged
violation is included in the Enron contracts. 
He also noted the CPUC will challenge the ability of Enron to call back 
Block II capacity
after it already had been recalled by El Paso shippers to serve Pacific 
Gas and Electric
(PG&E) customers in northern California. Last July, FERC granted Dynegy 
the right to
do this under its contracts with El Paso. But Morris contends the 
decision violates the
1996 settlement under which PG&E paid $54 million to preserve the right 
of the pipeline's
shippers to recall the Block II capacity to serve end-users in its 
service territory. 
The CPUC also intends to challenge the Commission's decision that would 
enable Enron
to "just sit on the capacity," thereby withholding idle Block II 
capacity from the market.
Indicated Shippers also contend the Enron contracts violate the Block II 
capacity
provisions of the 1996 rate case, as well as "exacerbate" the primary 
firm delivery point
capacity-allocation issues that are pending before FERC now. 
The CPUC accused El Paso of "deliberately" filing the Enron contracts at 
FERC just
before the holidays to avoid controversy. The pipeline "is trying to 
sneak one of the most
controversial things ever past FERC right before Christmas so that 
protests would be
minimized," said Morris. "They did this with the Dynegy contracts two 
years ago. They
have a pattern of filing right at the last minute, making it harder for 
people to protest and
harder for FERC to stop it from going into effect 
news report may not
be republished or redistributed, in whole or in part, in any form, without 
prior written consent
of Intelligence Press, Inc.
Tony, I thought there would be a case that stated that if an interstate 
pipeline posts the criteria under which it will evaluate capacity bids, it 
must stick to those criteria and not award the capacity to a bidder on some 
other basis.  It seems a simple enough extension of the principle that 
capacity must be awarded on a nondiscriminatory basis.  However, I did not 
find any case that stands for that exact proposition.  As you may be aware, 
the Commission made Natural Gas Pipeline Company of America (NGPL) come up 
with a way to ensure that it awarded capacity one a nondiscriminatory 
basis...because NGPL was found to have been giving preferential treatment to 
its shippers.  NGPL's solution was to come up with an auction process, and 
there is a whole line of cases if you're interested.  The underlying 
presumption is that if you set up a system under which all capacity is 
awarded and stick with that system, there is no way you could be acting 
discriminatorily.  But of course the Commission never comes out and says this 
even though it should be obvious.
Probably the best we can do is extrapolate from 1) the tariff and 2) the NGA 
(doesn't it also say we have to provide service on a not unduly discrim. 
basis?).  Also, in your memo I'd give an example; i.e., if we notify shippers 
of our auction process and set a deadline for bidding, but then award the 
capacity to Sempra (assuming Sempra requested capacity after the posting), we 
will have unduly discriminated against all the other shippers who had to 
participate in the auction process 
Maybe in future postings on Enrononline we should include a statement to the 
effect that the capacity posted will not be awarded except thru the 
Enrononline process.
Now for some trivia.  Remember we were discussing with Shelley whether we 
could post a different method (other than that prescribed in the tariff) for 
determining best bid?  In my Westlaw search I ran across the relevant case In Northwest Pipeline, 85 FERC P 61,335, the Commission stated:  "The 
Commission has previously given pipelines the leeway, in open season 
provisions, to either include in their tariff a single non-discriminatory bid 
evaluation methodology, or provide themselves the flexibility of choosing 
different non-discriminatory bid evaulation methods for different 
transactions, provided that the pipeline posts the bid evaluation methodology 
before the bidding process begins."  The only problem is I am not sure we 
have that "flexibility" since the tariff does not expressly allow us to post 
a different method.  Maybe next time we do a tariff cleanup we could add some 
language allowing us to do so.
I have to move on to my next project but if you want me to comment on what 
you write I'd be happy to.
If I remember correctly, we'll need to paper the additional Sempra capacity, 
either with an amendment or a separate agreement.  I'll be in the office by 
about 9:30 and we can talk about it then. 
Phil Richardson and Sarah Tomalty of Dynegy say that they would probably 
(i.e. subject to management approval) withdraw their protest if we would 
amend our proposed tariff language to limit the quantity of capacity we can 
acquire from PNM to 20,000/day.  Their chief concern is to prevent TW from 
becoming simply a broker for another pipeline's capacity (which has never 
been our intention).  Lorraine is discussing this with Steve to see whether 
this is something we could live with.  The Commission has expressed the same 
concern in the past, so this might make them more comfortable with our 
proposal too.  Comments?  let me know 
I know that you've already indicated that you will circulate a draft of the 
late-filed exhibit by Friday, but if you have a draft we could look at 
sooner, that would be great...TW's business people who need to look at it 
will be out at the beginning of next week.  Thanks.
Something's up with our e-mail, but I did receive it finally.  Thanks.
Hmmmm...I sent it out a few hours ago.? Didn't you receive it 
I know that you've already indicated that you will circulate a draft of the 
late-filed exhibit by Friday, but if you have a draft we could look at 
sooner, that would be great...TW's business people who need to look at it 
will be out at the beginning of next week.? Thanks. 
I would expect that Sarah Tomalty will attend anyway to make sure we make 
good on our promise.
Assuming they are willing to withdraw their protest if we agree to this level 
of capacity, do they plan to attend the Tech. Conf.?
Phil Richardson and Sarah Tomalty of Dynegy say that they would probably 
(i.e. subject to management approval) withdraw their protest if we would 
amend our proposed tariff language to limit the quantity of capacity we can 
acquire from PNM to 20,000/day.  Their chief concern is to prevent TW from 
becoming simply a broker for another pipeline's capacity (which has never 
been our intention).  Lorraine is discussing this with Steve to see whether 
this is something we could live with.  The Commission has expressed the same 
concern in the past, so this might make them more comfortable with our 
proposal too.  Comments?  let me know 
Brian,
Transwestern has reviewed your draft exhibit responsive to Judge Biren's 
inquiry on June 7.  We appreciate your work on it and generally agree with 
the exhibit and the approach taken by SoCalGas.  However, we think it 
appropriate to balance simplicity with the need to be responsive to Judge 
Biren's questions 
See the attached marked-up version of the exhibit.  We've attempted to 
streamline the data provided for "non-Wheeler" points, and to clarify the 
footnotes regarding Wheeler Ridge.  Also, we've modified the numbers 
regarding the TW Topock lateral to accurately reflect the lateral's 400 
MMcf/d physical capability.  We've also made some minor formatting changes.
Let us know what you think.
Jeff Fawcett
Susan Scott
Transwestern Pipeline Company
Tony, I'd love to see our posting on EnronOnline -- do you know if there's an 
easy way for us "insiders" to access it?
You got mail from Norm!
_______________________________________________________________
This message and any attachments are intended for the individual or entity
named above.  If you are not the intended recipient, please do not read,
copy, use or disclose this communication to others; also please notify the
sender by replying to this message, and then delete it from your system.
Thank you.
_______________________________________________________________
Do Transwestern shippers to Transwestern's North Needles delivery
point have 1090 MMcfd of primary rights into ScCalGas, 750 of primary
rights. or some other number?
In response to your inquiry, Transwestern would first like to clear up the 
terminology being used here.  As you know, currently SoCalGas doesn't assign 
"primary rights" to deliveries off of any interconnecting pipeline.  The 
establishment of tradeable rights for intrastate capacity is among the issues 
currently under consideration in the GIR proceeding.   However, if what you 
are asking about is what has been the historical or otherwise available 
receipt capacity for Transwestern deliveries at North Needles, then let me 
offer the following. 
Transwestern has always operated on the premise that SoCalGas could 
physically accept up to a maximum of 750 MMcf/d at its North Needles receipt 
point.  Consequently, Transwestern has sold firm transportation to its 
interstate customers for west flow deliveries to North Needles not to exceed 
the 750 MMcf/d limitation.  Our west flow mainline capacity is 1.09 Bcf/d 
_______________________________________________________________
This message and any attachments are intended for the individual or entity
named above.  If you are not the intended recipient, please do not read,
copy, use or disclose this communication to others; also please notify the
sender by replying to this message, and then delete it from your system.
Thank you.
_______________________________________________________________
Do Transwestern shippers to Transwestern's North Needles delivery
point have 1090 MMcfd of primary rights into ScCalGas, 750 of primary
rights. or some other number?
Attached is Shelley Corman's response to Jeff Dasovich, based on 
conversations with Drew and me.  Accordingly, I would advise you not to 
participate in the conference call Jeff is setting up for tomorrow.
Questions -- give me a call.
Shelley Corman
01/04/2000 12:50 PM
Jeff,
From the pipeline group's perspective, this transaction is a commercial 
matter between El Paso and ENA.  Accordingly, the gas pipeline group does not 
believe that it is appropriate to participate in the development of ENA's 
response 
I do understand that the referenced article and certain of the protests make 
factual allegations about Transwestern's available capacity to California Susan Scott or I can certainly provide corrected information from 
Transwestern's available capacity postings 
Jeff Dasovich @ EES on 01/04/2000 11:23:33 AM
i would like to set up a conference call for tomorrow, jan. 5 at 3:30 CST to 
discuss the ena/el paso deal.  please let me know if 1) you would like to be 
on the call, and 2) you are available at that time.  thanks, jeff
Jeff Dasovich on 01/02/2000 07:19:57 PM
please read be story from trade press below.  i have not included et&s folks 
on this note because i'm uncertain regarding the rules with respect to 
communication among business units in these sorts of matters.  if it's 
acceptable to include tw in the notes and in conversations, that would be my 
preference.  rick, is it your view that tw can or cannot be included?
i believe i passed along word of the ena/el paso deal when it hit the press 
week before last.  the press reported both the amount of capacity and the 
price for which ena bought it from el paso.  to summarize:  ena purchased 
1.25 bcf per day for one year starting jan 1, 2000.  ena paid $38 million, 
which gives an average price of $.0831 per mmbtu.  (by contrast, williams 
bought about 0.1 bcf/day at an average rate of $.207.)   el paso released 
this information via a a press release without any prior approval from ena julie, please don't hesitate to fill any holes or (unintended) innaccuracies.
the situation is complicated by the fact that california is currently in the 
midst of intense negotiations over restructuring the state's gas industry the negotiations have been going on for about 8 months and have been very 
contentious.  socal has teamed with indicated producers, california 
manufacturers association, and muni generators from southern california to 
push a very "go slow" approach that is (surprise) quite friendly to larger 
users.  enron is teamed with western hub storage, wild goose storage, 
calpine, southern california edison, green mountain power, the city of 
vernon, and spurr/remac (provides services to california's k-12 school 
system) under an alliance called "california alliance for competition" 
(snappy, i know).  the cac proposal is pushing, among other things, a single, 
state-wide market for transport, storage and balancing, including tradeable 
rights in a secondary market.
indicated producers has been aggressive and hostile toward marketers--as has 
cma--throughout the negotiations.  ip's bile has not been reserved solely for 
enron, however.  one outcome of the negotiations has been the suit ip 
launched against el paso at ferc regarding el paso's nom process.  (i believe 
ena filed in support of the suit.)  el paso is losing that one and will 
likely change its nom process sooner rather than later.
i think it's important to have a quick call to develop a clear and consistent 
message on the ena deal and coordinate what we're saying about that deal with 
the other gas issues on the table.  i'm assuming that if there's anything we 
can do to keep harvey morris (and california) from mucking up the deal, the 
better.  i know harvey well.  i'm not sure, given his quotes, there's much 
"educating" to be done, but may make sense to meet with him, nonetheless more important, indicated producers is the real--and biggest--problem.
let me know if you folks think there'd be value in briefly discussing the 
issue.
best,
jeff
Kevin Hyatt@
12/30/99 10:51 AM
CPUC attorney Harvey Morris obviously has NO CLUE on how the transportation 
business works.
Enron-El Paso Deal Could Mute Competition to CA
Fearing an end to pipeline competition in California, the state's 
regulators and Indicated
Shippers have called on FERC to summarily reject the three 
transportation agreements by
Approval of these agreements would give Enron Corp., parent of 
Transwestern Pipeline
But "what's even worse," he told NGI, is the revenue-sharing provision 
in the contracts. It
stipulates that "after Enron makes $35 million off of these contracts, 
it has to share the
proceeds with El Paso for 25% of anything beyond $35 million. So 
effectively, Enron and
El Paso have become partners in how high they can jack up the 
transportation rate
differential between the California border and the Southwest producing 
basins 
The two pipeline companies "that have for decades competed with each 
other in carrying
Southwest supplies to California are now partners. We think that's 
anticompetitive, and
there's no way FERC should approve it," Morris said. He recalled the 
basis differential
between the San Juan Basin spot price and the California border shot up 
by 17% during
1998, the first year during which Dynegy controlled the El Paso capacity 
into California.
This situation could worsen under Enron, he believes. 
"At first blush the El Paso-Enron contracts [do] not appear to contain 
the same
anticompetitive features of the El Paso-Dynegy contracts," Indicated 
Shippers noted, but
a "closer review and analysis" reveals the anticompetitive effects of 
the revenue-sharing
provision (RSP) in El Paso-Enron contracts "are not only similar" to 
those of the hotly
contested reservation-reduction mechanism (RRM) in the El Paso-Dynegy 
case, "but are
increased......due to the fact that the contracts are with a marketing 
affiliate of El Paso's
primary interstate pipeline competitor," Transwestern. 
Both the RRM and RSP "operate to provide a disincentive for El Paso and 
its competitors
to compete against each other, or to take any other action that will act 
to drive down the
basis differential that defines the market value of the capacity Indicated Shippers told
FERC in a protest filed on Wednesday [RP97-287-041]. The group includes 
producers
Amoco Production, Burlington Resources Oil and Gas, Marathon Oil, and 
Phillips
Petroleum, and two marketers - Amoco Energy Trading and Phillips Gas 
Marketing. 
FERC "should reject the tariff filing immediately. The Commission erred 
in allowing the
El Paso-Dynegy contracts to remain intact for their two-year term after 
finding that the
contracts were anticompetitive. This issue is pending in the [D.C. Court 
of Appeals].
That same error should not be repeated here," the producers and 
marketers said. 
The CPUC's attempt to block the Enron-El Paso contracts at the outset is 
a little bit
unusual for the agency, Morris said, but it learned its lesson following 
Dynegy. "When the
Dynegy situation first hit, we asked for FERC to investigate the matter. 
We thought
FERC did a very inadequate job then.....This time around we're asking 
for FERC to
summarily reject it. It's hard for an agency like ours to take such a 
strong stand right at
the beginning, but we've learned too much from two years of suffering 
under the Dynegy
situation. And this is even worse 
In the event the Commission should reject California's request, the CPUC 
has asked that
an "anti-hoarding condition" be included in the contracts, which would 
require Enron to
release unused capacity into the short-term market at a price higher 
than what it's paying
El Paso for the capacity. "They must make a little profit," Morris 
noted. "We're confident
Enron can't use the entire 1.2 Bcf/d of capacity.....so there's going to 
be unused
capacity 
The agency also wants FERC to clarify that the primary delivery point 
for the Block II
portion of the capacity (579MMcf/d) is PG&E-Topock in keeping with the 
terms of the
1996 settlement between El Paso and its customers. Morris said he agreed 
fully with
Amoco, Burlington Resources and Southern California Gas (SoCalGas which accused
El Paso of violating the 1996 agreement by allowing Dynegy to use 
SoCalGas-Topock as
a primary delivery point for the Block II capacity last summer. They 
contend the alleged
violation is included in the Enron contracts. 
He also noted the CPUC will challenge the ability of Enron to call back 
Block II capacity
after it already had been recalled by El Paso shippers to serve Pacific 
Gas and Electric
(PG&E) customers in northern California. Last July, FERC granted Dynegy 
the right to
do this under its contracts with El Paso. But Morris contends the 
decision violates the
1996 settlement under which PG&E paid $54 million to preserve the right 
of the pipeline's
shippers to recall the Block II capacity to serve end-users in its 
service territory. 
The CPUC also intends to challenge the Commission's decision that would 
enable Enron
to "just sit on the capacity," thereby withholding idle Block II 
capacity from the market.
Indicated Shippers also contend the Enron contracts violate the Block II 
capacity
provisions of the 1996 rate case, as well as "exacerbate" the primary 
firm delivery point
capacity-allocation issues that are pending before FERC now. 
The CPUC accused El Paso of "deliberately" filing the Enron contracts at 
FERC just
before the holidays to avoid controversy. The pipeline "is trying to 
sneak one of the most
controversial things ever past FERC right before Christmas so that 
protests would be
minimized," said Morris. "They did this with the Dynegy contracts two 
years ago. They
have a pattern of filing right at the last minute, making it harder for 
people to protest and
harder for FERC to stop it from going into effect 
news report may not
be republished or redistributed, in whole or in part, in any form, without 
prior written consent
of Intelligence Press, Inc.
Mike -- Thanks for the input...we stewed over this for a while but decided to 
respond (as briefly as possible) rather than give Norm a chance to whine to 
the judge that we were being uncooperative in this somewhat unusual exhibit 
drafting process.  Jeff's answer is consistent with what will appear in the 
exhibit (and from what one can find out about TW in numerous of our FERC 
filings, for that matter).  If Norm tries somehow to make Jeff's response 
part of the record you can bet I will object...if it's not on the record 
already, or on the face of this one late-filed exhibit, it should not be 
allowed into the record Apparently Norm has also called Rich Hall with annoying questions.
I don't plan to respond if he contacts us with any follow-up, but will let 
you know if he does.
SS
MBD  Susan:
Good response.  Be advised that Norm is a little out of order asking
discovery questions like this after the record is closed.  You are not
obligated to respond to him under these circumstances.  He is still trying
to buttress his apparent belief that the EPNG and TW capacity to the
California border is completely fungible and can be delivered to either
SoCal or PG&E without any limitations.  Please let me know if he tries this
again.  Thanks, Mike
In response to your inquiry, Transwestern would first like to clear up the
terminology being used here.  As you know, currently SoCalGas doesn't
assign "primary rights" to deliveries off of any interconnecting pipeline.
The establishment of tradeable rights for intrastate capacity is among the
issues currently under consideration in the GIR proceeding.   However, if
what you are asking about is what has been the historical or otherwise
available receipt capacity for Transwestern deliveries at North Needles,
then let me offer the following.
Transwestern has always operated on the premise that SoCalGas could
physically accept up to a maximum of 750 MMcf/d at its North Needles
receipt point.  Consequently, Transwestern has sold firm transportation to
its interstate customers for west flow deliveries to North Needles not to
exceed the 750 MMcf/d limitation.  Our west flow mainline capacity is 1.09
Bcf/d.
_______________________________________________________________
This message and any attachments are intended for the individual or entity
named above.  If you are not the intended recipient, please do not read,
copy, use or disclose this communication to others; also please notify the
sender by replying to this message, and then delete it from your system.
Thank you.
_______________________________________________________________
Do Transwestern shippers to Transwestern's North Needles delivery
point have 1090 MMcfd of primary rights into ScCalGas, 750 of primary
rights. or some other number?
WRONG!!
_______________________________________________________________
This message and any attachments are intended for the individual or entity
named above.  If you are not the intended recipient, please do not read,
copy, use or disclose this communication to others; also please notify the
sender by replying to this message, and then delete it from your system.
Thank you.
_______________________________________________________________
Your proposed draft exhibit goes substantially beyond the ALJ's order.
ALJ Biren specifically stated that the the late-filed exhibit "should be
narrowly focused on the mismatch of capacity." Tr. 1021.Thus, you need to
eliminate the column entitled "Total Take-away Capacity."  Furthermore, the
column is both suspect (e.g., the representation that EOR is 770 MMcfd) and
misleading (e.g., the inclusion of SWG or PG&E in "S. Calif Take-away
Capacity").  Also, you need to eliminate the "Avg. Daily Market" box.  The
following is what should be submitted to ALJ Biren:
(See attached file: #1070989 v1 - FIRM PIPELINE CAPACITY DELIVERY (EX. TO
I.99-07-003).doc)
- #1070989 v1 - FIRM PIPELINE CAPACITY DELIVERY (EX. TO I.99-07-003).doc
Mike, obviously this is unacceptable.  Norm's exhibit contains factual 
inaccuracies we cannot live with.  I'm assuming the rest of the group will 
react similarly and Norm will be stuck filing his own exhibit.  Your thoughts?
_______________________________________________________________
This message and any attachments are intended for the individual or entity
named above.  If you are not the intended recipient, please do not read,
copy, use or disclose this communication to others; also please notify the
sender by replying to this message, and then delete it from your system.
Thank you.
_______________________________________________________________
Your proposed draft exhibit goes substantially beyond the ALJ's order.
ALJ Biren specifically stated that the the late-filed exhibit "should be
narrowly focused on the mismatch of capacity." Tr. 1021.Thus, you need to
eliminate the column entitled "Total Take-away Capacity."  Furthermore, the
column is both suspect (e.g., the representation that EOR is 770 MMcfd) and
misleading (e.g., the inclusion of SWG or PG&E in "S. Calif Take-away
Capacity").  Also, you need to eliminate the "Avg. Daily Market" box.  The
following is what should be submitted to ALJ Biren:
(See attached file: #1070989 v1 - FIRM PIPELINE CAPACITY DELIVERY (EX. TO
I.99-07-003).doc)
- #1070989 v1 - FIRM PIPELINE CAPACITY DELIVERY (EX. TO I.99-07-003).doc
Brian, just so you know Transwestern's reaction, Pedersen's exhibit contains 
factual inaccuracies we cannot live with (e.g., footnote 4).  If he wants to 
file his own exhibit he is certainly free to do so.  We don't plan to offer 
any comments to Norm regarding his exhibit at this time 
With regard to the exhibit you sent us yesterday, while Transwestern feels 
there are many different ways to characterize delivery capacity to the 
border, and we probably would have drafted the document differently, we would 
support SoCal's filing of the exhibit with the Commission as it is currently 
drafted for purposes of this proceeding.
Any questions or comments -- let me know.
_______________________________________________________________
This message and any attachments are intended for the individual or entity
named above.  If you are not the intended recipient, please do not read,
copy, use or disclose this communication to others; also please notify the
sender by replying to this message, and then delete it from your system.
Thank you.
_______________________________________________________________
Your proposed draft exhibit goes substantially beyond the ALJ's order.
ALJ Biren specifically stated that the the late-filed exhibit "should be
narrowly focused on the mismatch of capacity." Tr. 1021.Thus, you need to
eliminate the column entitled "Total Take-away Capacity."  Furthermore, the
column is both suspect (e.g., the representation that EOR is 770 MMcfd) and
misleading (e.g., the inclusion of SWG or PG&E in "S. Calif Take-away
Capacity").  Also, you need to eliminate the "Avg. Daily Market" box.  The
following is what should be submitted to ALJ Biren:
(See attached file: #1070989 v1 - FIRM PIPELINE CAPACITY DELIVERY (EX. TO
I.99-07-003).doc)
- #1070989 v1 - FIRM PIPELINE CAPACITY DELIVERY (EX. TO I.99-07-003).doc
(just so you know where we ended up last Fri.)
Brian, just so you know Transwestern's reaction, Pedersen's exhibit contains 
factual inaccuracies we cannot live with (e.g., footnote 4).  If he wants to 
file his own exhibit he is certainly free to do so.  We don't plan to offer 
any comments to Norm regarding his exhibit at this time 
With regard to the exhibit you sent us yesterday, while Transwestern feels 
there are many different ways to characterize delivery capacity to the 
border, and we probably would have drafted the document differently, we would 
support SoCal's filing of the exhibit with the Commission as it is currently 
drafted for purposes of this proceeding.
Any questions or comments -- let me know.
_______________________________________________________________
This message and any attachments are intended for the individual or entity
named above.  If you are not the intended recipient, please do not read,
copy, use or disclose this communication to others; also please notify the
sender by replying to this message, and then delete it from your system.
Thank you.
_______________________________________________________________
Your proposed draft exhibit goes substantially beyond the ALJ's order.
ALJ Biren specifically stated that the the late-filed exhibit "should be
narrowly focused on the mismatch of capacity." Tr. 1021.Thus, you need to
eliminate the column entitled "Total Take-away Capacity."  Furthermore, the
column is both suspect (e.g., the representation that EOR is 770 MMcfd) and
misleading (e.g., the inclusion of SWG or PG&E in "S. Calif Take-away
Capacity").  Also, you need to eliminate the "Avg. Daily Market" box.  The
following is what should be submitted to ALJ Biren:
(See attached file: #1070989 v1 - FIRM PIPELINE CAPACITY DELIVERY (EX. TO
I.99-07-003).doc)
- #1070989 v1 - FIRM PIPELINE CAPACITY DELIVERY (EX. TO I.99-07-003).doc
Brian -- TW does not agree with the changes proposed by El Paso.  If we need 
to discuss this further please e-mail or call.
Thanks.
Susan Scott
Transwestern Pipeline Company
713-853-0596
Attached is an e-mail containing revisions and additions El Paso recommends be
made to SoCalGas' draft Exhibit 28 which was distributed for further comment 
to
parties on June 16, 2000.  This e-mail has two attachments.  The first 
attachment
is a revised copy of SoCalGas' table titled "Firm Pipeline Capacity into 
Southern
California" with changes to:  (a) correct the amount of firm interstate 
capacity on
El Paso at Topock, shown in the col. "Incoming Interstate Capacity," by 
replacing
the incorrect figure, 2230 MMcfd (which includes capacity for delivery to SW 
Gas
which is not available to California on a firm basis) with the correct 
figure,  2080
MMcfd; (b) delete the reference to El Paso delivery capacity to SW Gas from 
the
col. "Total Take-away Capacity" since this capacity is not firm capacity 
available
to California; (c) adjust the totals at the bottom of both cols. affected by 
these
changes; (d) add a new footnote to reference to the fact that shippers on El 
Paso
have existing firm contract rights for delivery from El Paso at Topock to 
SoCalGas
totaling 1466 MMcfd which exceeds SoCalGas' take-away capacity at Topock
and clearly creates a "mismatch"; and (c) add reference in footnote (2) to the
physical capacity of Kern/Mojave at the interconnection with SoCalGas at
Wheeler Ridge South, which is in excess of 680 MMcfd even though the metering
is currently set to 500 MMcfd.   The second attachment contains two schematics
intended to supplement SoCalGas' draft map of receipt points and
interconnections.  These schematics more accurately reflect the actual 
physical
interconnections at Topock and Hector Ridge and correct both the inaccurate
impression that the interconnect with  El Paso at Topock consists of several
separate pipelines with no cross over, and that inaccurate impression that 
several
interconnections may exist between pipelines at Hector Road .   El Paso
understands and acknowledges that there are a number of possible responses to
Administrative Law Judge Biren's request for a late filed exhibit concerning
"mismatches" and pipeline capacity upstream and downstream from SoCalGas
receipt points.  In the spirit of compromise, El Paso  will not oppose 
SoCalGas
filing an exhibit as proposed 6/16/00 provided it is revised to reflect the 
changes
and additions El Paso has proposed in this e-mail.   Very truly yours, Edward 
W.
O'Neill, Jeffer, Mangels, Butler & Marmaro LLP,  One Sansome Street, San
Francisco, CA 94104, (415) 398-8080, fax: (415) 398-5584, e-mail
Received: by mailimc.epec.com with Internet Mail Service (5.5.2448.0) id 
Here is a copy of SoCal's table describing firm capacity to California with
the changes we discussed:
In addition, here are the two sketches that help to describe Topock and
Hector Road:
- GIR-exhibitpipe999.xls
- Interconnect Sketch.xls
Amazing that TW has not one but TWO people doing this job.
Your tree-saving efforts are admirable.
Kevin Hyatt
06/21/2000 10:56 AM
See, all you have to do is ask
Enron Energy Services
Glen,
Please see Kevin's note below.  I agree that we should keep separate 
distribution lists for Transwestern.  I have had other requests like 
Kevin's.  As a temporary and imperfect solution, I have marked the labels 
either All Holders or Filings.   Dennis Lee is currently working to put 
Northern and Transwestern mailing lists on the PLE system.  He indicated that 
the process should be ready by the middle of July.  Perhaps we need to 
consider separating the Transwestern list at that time as we do  Northern's.
Naomi
Kevin Hyatt
06/20/2000 04:46 PM
Hi Naomi, 
my name is Kevin Hyatt.  I am the marketing director in Houston for 
Transwestern Pipeline.  I have a favor to ask of you: could you possibly send 
me only those tariff page copies slated for "insertion" into our tariff books 
and not the pages that are "submitted for filing 
My reason is this: by the time the "submitted for filing" pages get to me, 
it's too late for me to make any changes to them (not that I would anyway) 
and they just get tossed out when the final pages are approved and printed.
If keeping up with a separate distribution list is not feasible I 
understand.  However, I wonder how many other folks feel the same way as I 
do?  If the number of people is significant, then there is the potential to 
save a lot of time, effort, and money by reducing the copying, printing, and 
distribution costs.
Let me know what you think.
thanks
Kevin Hyatt
713-853-5559
Attached is a preliminary draft of a filing for capacity options on 
Transwestern.  The attachments include a filing letter, proposed tariff 
language and a proposed form agreement.
Obviously there are still quite a few details to be worked out.  I am 
distributing a draft at this early stage in hopes of initiating a dialogue 
about the larger issues first.  A few that come to mind are whether we want 
to commit to selling options online, how best to explain or justify the 
option fee, and what specifically in the industry has changed such that FERC 
should depart from existing policy and allow TW to essentially reserve future 
capacity for shippers.  Please let me know your thoughts on these and any 
other issues 
I would prefer to wait to discuss comments on wording, other conforming 
changes to the tariff, and other comments concerning form until after we have 
resolved the substantive issues.  Thanks.
With regard to capacity release I think we will have to give the replacement 
shipper the cash-for-fuel option, because what if we have sold capacity that 
was created by the releasing shipper's buying fuel from us?  If the 
replacement shipper suddenly starts shipping fuel, that capacity goes away (It's sort of like the EFBH/resulting forward haul problem).  Probably we 
should require that the cash for fuel election automatically transfer to the 
replacement shipper.  This would probably have to go into our tariff 
someplace when we make our FERC filing; otherwise it might run contrary to 
our current tariff provisions and practice.  Another solution might be to 
just sell resulting capacity as LFT, daily FTS-1 or even FTS-3 capacity (with 
some modifications to the FTS-3 Rate Schedule, of course), which would allow 
us the flexibility not to schedule on certain days.  For longer-term deals 
this might not be practicable, though 
Further questions...let me know.
Ramona Betancourt
06/20/2000 02:04 PM
Christine,
After our meeting last week, John, Elizabeth, Gerry, Richard, Dave & I 
discussed various options related to this cash for fuel process. We had 
several open issues that came up in our discussions and they are as follows:
Regulatory/Legal issue: Can we have contract specific language on our firm 
contracts that would prevent the firm shipper from releasing this fuel 
discount  cash option to an acquiring shipper?     If we must offer this 
special cash option to the acquiring shipper we will need to build a process 
to track this fuel option from the firm shipper to the releasing shipper. 
This will require more system modifications that we have not accounted for at 
this time.
Shipper nomination issue: How will we handle shipper nomination line items 
that are nominated as overrun paths on their firm contracts?  Could we 
default these "02" overrun transactions to calculate the fuel in kind using 
our existing tariff fuel %?  This would  make the process of trying to 
reconcile the contracted MDQ fuel volumes easier when we verify that the 
volumes the shipper elected to pay in cash tie back to the total volumes 
scheduled & paid for in cash..
Tariff Sheet issue:  When you state in the tariff provision that "The shipper 
may use the cash for fuel option only if the posted point of sale is a 
receipt point on shipper's service agreement" Does this only apply to the 
shipper's primary receipt points?
I would appreciate it if you could respond to these issues. If you feel like 
we should meet to discuss, I will be glad to set up another meeting. Please 
let me know.
Thanks Ramona
Ramona, "total cost commitment" in TW's tariff generally means total revenue 
to be received from a transaction, taking 
into account reservation rate, the term of the commitment, and the commodity 
revenues associated with any minimum 
throughput commitment the shipper may make.  Obviously some of these items 
aren't applicable in the PNR context; the 
language must have just been lifted from another part of the tariff.  For PNR 
we would just multiply rate times number 
of days the service will be used.  Practically speaking, I'm not sure how 
this is done if you have an interruptible service with 
no throughput commitment, but I think you should just be able to use the 
number of days in the contract term 
If there's a tie (i.e. more than one shipper willing to pay at or above max 
rate), we just allocate the capacity pro-rata.  We 
do not have to offer a right to match.
Ramona Betancourt
06/19/2000 03:52 PM
Susan,
I am working with TK on automating TW's PNR allocation process & I was 
reviewing the tariff rules for TW PNR allocation of service on sheet 37e. 
Section 8.
Can you interpret the meaning of "total cost commitment"? We state that 
buyers willing to pay more than the maximum tariff rate will be considered to 
be paying the maximm rate and we will pro-rate amoung buyers willing to pay 
the same total cost commitment. Does this mean we must offer a right to 
match? What does the term "total cost commitment mean?
Thanks Ramona
Steve, for your information, the case in which the Commission denied ECT's 
petition for a limited waiver of 
the shipper must have title rule appears at 84 FERC P 61,222. 
Hi Mum!  If you want to come to Houston for the July 8 art crawl, that would 
be fun.  I plan to meet more of the gallery owners and talk to them about 
what they do.  Who knows, having my own gallery might actually become part of 
my long-range plan.  If not, I will have met some interesting people.
If you want to come to Houston sooner, I do not have much going on after my 
Sat. a.m. class at Rice, although I do have to catch a plane to D.C. on 
Monday morning.
The week is going OK.  All the tennis and swimming has left me with sore 
muscles so this is my night off.  Am planning to do some more house chores so 
I do not end up with another weekend like the last.
I'm still planning on coming to Austin next weekend, I'm just not sure when, 
but I'll let you know.
Call if you get lonely! 
Love,
Sooz
Camp2scott@aol.com on 06/22/2000 05:47:31 PM
Hi, Sooz,
Got home about 1 p.m. today and can already feel my mood sinking--not ready
to get back into my solo mode.
Enjoyed being with the little bugaroo--even with the diarrhea, she was in a
good mood with the exception of an occasional sore bottom.  She smiles all
the time.  It does wear me out considerably when I have her all day long
though, and, especially this time, when I was tired from our trip and Eric's
visit.
I must think about a trip to Houston.  Are you aware of the big Houston art
day in the galleries on July 8th?  Just caught a glimpse of it when thumbing
through the new SW Art Mag.  I'll track it down and give you the particulars.
(You'll have to review your travel schedule with me again.)
Hope you're having a good week.  love, Mum
Transwestern/PNM filing (Docket Nos. RP00-249-000 and RP00-249-001 Technical conference will take place on June 27, 2000, notwithstanding 
Dynegy's withdrawal of its protest.
Martha Benner
06/23/2000 07:42 AM
Think speeding bullets 
Thanks.......Martha
So far I have not received comments from anyone on the attached If you think it would be productive to get everyone together (possibly as 
early as Friday?) for about an hour to discuss capacity options, I will set 
up a meeting.   Please let me know one way or the other.
Thank you.
Attached is a preliminary draft of a filing for capacity options on 
Transwestern.  The attachments include a filing letter, proposed tariff 
language and a proposed form agreement.
Obviously there are still quite a few details to be worked out.  I am 
distributing a draft at this early stage in hopes of initiating a dialogue 
about the larger issues first.  A few that come to mind are whether we want 
to commit to selling options online, how best to explain or justify the 
option fee, and what specifically in the industry has changed such that FERC 
should depart from existing policy and allow TW to essentially reserve future 
capacity for shippers.  Please let me know your thoughts on these and any 
other issues 
I would prefer to wait to discuss comments on wording, other conforming 
changes to the tariff, and other comments concerning form until after we have 
resolved the substantive issues.  Thanks.
Appoved.  See the attached which has some minor changes.
Christine Stokes
06/28/2000 08:49 AM
TRANSWESTERN PIPELINE COMPANY
Please review the attached non-standard discount letter for Sempra Energy 
Trading Corporation.  Pursuant to Sempra's Gallup Expansion Agreement 
allowing Sempra the right to "call" upon SoCalNeedles capacity, subject to 
availability, at a $.30 rate,  Sempra has requested to obtain 23,000 Dth/d of 
East of Thoreau (EOT) to SoCalNeedles capacity for the July - October term Sempra's blended rate of $.2928 represents 21,500 Dth/d of capacity at 
$.30/Dth (their "call" capacity) and 1,500 Dth/d of additional Needles 
capacity sold to them at $.19/Dth.
Non-standard provisions contained in Sempra's original Gallup expansion 
Agreement  are included in the discount letter and contained in Paragraphs 3 
and 4:
Paragragh 3 grants Sempra the ability to have alternate delivery points in 
Transwestern's EOT Area at the discounted rate in situations where SoCalGas' 
"window"  can be shown to reduce Sempra's nominated deliveries to SoCalGas Sempra must provide Transwestern a written confirmation from SoCalGas 
indicating a reduction in scheduled volumes in order to obtain such alternate 
delivery capacity at the discounted rate.  If written confirmation is either 
not provided or Sempra elects to transport on an alternate basis to the EOT 
Area due to favorable market conditions, then the rate for such transport 
shall be the discounted rate plus $.01.
Paragragh 4 grants Sempra the ability during the term of the July - October 
transportation agreement, to move their primary delivery point from 
SoCalNeedles to PG&E/Topock, Mojave /Topock, or to the potential SWG 
interconnect subject to capacity availability and a 5 day notification 
period.  Sempra may also have the ability to return to the SoCalNeedles 
delivery during this term subject to the described conditions as well.
Please indicate you approval via REPLY WITH HISTORY.  If any questions arise, 
please contact me at x35702.
Tony -- here's an excerpt from PG&E's tariff on curtailment of service.
If you are curious about any of the rest of their tariff, see the "Gas Rules" 
portion of their website at
Tony, here's another page that has a Gas Quality section.
Never fear.  I've asked Janet to set up a meeting on Fri. and to make sure 
the core group of you, Drew, Steve and I can attend.  If anyone else can 
attend too, great.  If not, I'm sure we are going to have more than enough 
input on Fri.
Jeffery Fawcett
06/28/2000 04:33 PM
You know how much I loathe these meetings with the Hee-Haw gang.  This 
telecon/videocon will likely degrade into a raucous Omaha-led circle jerk 
with everyone else, mostly the Houston group, trying to get a word in 
edgewise.  Is there any way to make this more fruitful?
If we do this, and you want to include me, you'll have to put it together 
before close of business Friday as I'm out all next week for surgery.
Given the overwhelming response so far, I think a meeting may be necessary to 
get this project moving.  Thanks. DF 
So far I have not received comments from anyone on the attached If you think it would be productive to get everyone together (possibly as 
early as Friday?) for about an hour to discuss capacity options, I will set 
up a meeting.   Please let me know one way or the other.
Thank you.
Attached is a preliminary draft of a filing for capacity options on 
Transwestern.  The attachments include a filing letter, proposed tariff 
language and a proposed form agreement.
Obviously there are still quite a few details to be worked out.  I am 
distributing a draft at this early stage in hopes of initiating a dialogue 
about the larger issues first.  A few that come to mind are whether we want 
to commit to selling options online, how best to explain or justify the 
option fee, and what specifically in the industry has changed such that FERC 
should depart from existing policy and allow TW to essentially reserve future 
capacity for shippers.  Please let me know your thoughts on these and any 
other issues 
I would prefer to wait to discuss comments on wording, other conforming 
changes to the tariff, and other comments concerning form until after we have 
resolved the substantive issues.  Thanks.
I'm saving this message, by the way.  Your characterization of Omaha may be 
worth money someday.
Jeffery Fawcett
06/28/2000 04:33 PM
You know how much I loathe these meetings with the Hee-Haw gang.  This 
telecon/videocon will likely degrade into a raucous Omaha-led circle jerk 
with everyone else, mostly the Houston group, trying to get a word in 
edgewise.  Is there any way to make this more fruitful?
If we do this, and you want to include me, you'll have to put it together 
before close of business Friday as I'm out all next week for surgery.
Given the overwhelming response so far, I think a meeting may be necessary to 
get this project moving.  Thanks. DF 
So far I have not received comments from anyone on the attached If you think it would be productive to get everyone together (possibly as 
early as Friday?) for about an hour to discuss capacity options, I will set 
up a meeting.   Please let me know one way or the other.
Thank you.
Attached is a preliminary draft of a filing for capacity options on 
Transwestern.  The attachments include a filing letter, proposed tariff 
language and a proposed form agreement.
Obviously there are still quite a few details to be worked out.  I am 
distributing a draft at this early stage in hopes of initiating a dialogue 
about the larger issues first.  A few that come to mind are whether we want 
to commit to selling options online, how best to explain or justify the 
option fee, and what specifically in the industry has changed such that FERC 
should depart from existing policy and allow TW to essentially reserve future 
capacity for shippers.  Please let me know your thoughts on these and any 
other issues 
I would prefer to wait to discuss comments on wording, other conforming 
changes to the tariff, and other comments concerning form until after we have 
resolved the substantive issues.  Thanks.
Hey!  I think I'm planning to come to Austin sometime on Sat.  Bill won't be 
coming with me because he has 3 trial settings on July 3, what a drag.  I 
will probably go home on Mon. afternoon.  Our friends are having their lake 
house party on the 4th.  Tell Jim to bring his gear and we'll go hit some Can't wait to see Gbug!  You know Mema is going to be really excited to see 
her eat carrots.  (I think she's coming in on Sunday.)
I was regressing yesterday and found this website, which I think you would 
appreciate also:
See you soon!
Hi! Fancy hearing from ME! Just checking in to see what your weekend plans
are like when will you be in Austin? Are you bringing Bill? Do you want to
play tennis w/ Jim, etc!  Jim has an appointment to get his fro -glo going
at 12 on Saturday, so we will be hitting Austin that morning and will
probably stay through Sun. evening or possibly Monday morning. They have
decided to give us Monday off, but we still need to get things done around
the house, so we can't loll around in Austin the WHOLE time! Do you know
when Mema will be there? You know, one of these days you are going to get
stuck driving her to Austin! Let me know what's going on! Gbug wants to show
you how she likes to eat her carrots! Mmmmm! And she wants to try out her
boat in the pool.
Bye!
Karin
Here is a quick summary of our meeting on capacity options on TW.  Bill 
Cordes, Steve Harris, Shelley Corman, John Buchanan, Tony Pryor, and members 
of the TW Commercial Group (including Jeff Fawcett) were present.
1.  The group all agreed that while it is probably a good idea to mention 
that the options could be sold in an online format, we do not want to limit 
ourselves at this point and should probably just state that a notice will be 
posted on the TW website whenever we have options for sale.
2.  Price:  the filing needs to include a discussion of how price will be 
determined, and how capacity will be awarded.  We might also need to include 
an estimate of how much revenue options will generate in the first year.
3.  Need to add a short explanation of where TW will get the capacity if a 
shipper exercises its call option.
4.  Should frame the service as requiring an exception to current Commission 
policy on reserving capacity...not asking Commission to abandon its policy 
altogether.
5.  May need to address:  assignability of options; limitation on damages 
for nonperformance.
6.  Timeline:
- Turn around a new draft and get further comments (July 3 week)
- Get Market Services started on its analysis of the new service 
- Begin contacting customers to get their buy-in (Lorraine already has a 
producer/customer very interested in supporting our filing)
- Start the process of getting Board approval (sales of options require 
Board approval at Enron)
- Meet informally with FERC to discuss (Shelley is working on)
- Make the filing at FERC (we did not try to specify a date yet)
If you have any further comments please let me know.  I am going to try to 
get a new draft out by next Friday a.m.
Hi Mum!  Ann and I saw "Mr. Ripley" and I lay awake last night wondering how 
else the main character could have dealt with his dilemma on the boat!  I 
think I need to go to the movies more often; perhaps it will help me avoid 
this blurring of film and reality.  My tendency is to really get involved 
when I see them on the big screen!
Might be going to San Francisco next week.  I'd really like to go.  We'll see.
Probably I will come to Austin on Saturday but I've not heard from the 
landscaper yet.  I doubt they will be working on the weekend though.
Hope you're having pretty weather as we have in Houston today.
Love,
Sooz
Just back in from my front yard -- a military jet of some sort is circling my 
neighborhood and making a tremendous racket!  Several of my neighbors were 
also out, so I was not the only one staring at the sky.  I don't know whether 
we'll see fireworks later or if we've already missed them.  Jose and Gigi's 
party was attended by more kids than ever.  There were a lot of West U 
parents I did not recognize, but there were some lawyers from the Latin 
American section that I know, so we had at least a few people to talk to.  We 
did not stay long, just had some of the good Goode & Company BBQ, helped Gigi 
with the pinatas, and got home around 7.  The traffic on I-45 was really 
starting to pile up so I am glad we left when we did.
Enjoyed the weekend and I'm looking forward to your visit.
Love,
Sooz
Since I am swamped I've asked Steve Stojic to take a first crack at it.
Susan, are you preparing a response to the comments filed by Amoco and 
burlington?  MK
Christine Stokes
07/06/2000 01:04 PM
Recent negotiations with Southwest Gas Corporation have resulting in the 
deletion of two provisions  contained in the original Southwest Gas 
Corporation discount letter with was routed for Officer Approval.  Several  
minor "sentence structure" changes requested by Southwest Gas have also been 
included 
Please review the revised Discount Letter and forward any comments 
immediately to either Lorraine Lindberg (x35403) or Susan Scott (x30596 The following summarizes the changes to the original discount letter:
1.  Deletion of paragraph which waives ROFR rights.    This paragraph is not 
necessary due to FERC Order 637 rule which states that the shipper's tariff 
right to ROFR for contracts of one year or longer does not apply to 
discounted transportation contracts, only max rate contracts.
2.  Deletion of Paragraph which states Transwestern will retain any capacity 
release revenues which Shipper may acquire from releasing capacity at rates 
above the Discount Rate provided by Transwestern to Shipper.
Please note that the revised discount letter does retain the original intent 
of providing Southwest Gas a 10 year discount rate for seasonal (November 
through March period) capacity from Transwestern's East of Thoreau (EOT) Area 
to the Southwest Gas Interconnect located in the East of California Area The $.10/Dth/d transportation rate shall increase annually by $.005/Dth/d for 
the term of the agreement.  Alternate receipt points rights are in the EOT 
Area as with as within the primary path of the contract.  Southwest Gas may 
also utilize the Bloomfield Compressor on an alternate basis.
Lorraine, I have no problem with Larry's proposed change or his reasons for 
the change.  However, I would ask that we eliminate the word "volumetric" as 
that has other connotations in the FERC tariff world.  I.e., if we were truly 
to have "volumetric" rates (like Northern) we'd have to file a whole new rate 
schedule!  I just don't want to use this word.  I don't think it's necessary 
in order to convey Larry's meaning.  Why don't we insert:  "on a daily basis  
only   to the volumes for which such other alternate points are utilized If Larry wants to talk about it I'm happy to.  If he comes up with any more 
issues I am sending him to law school as punishment 
Lorraine Lindberg
07/07/2000 09:49 AM
HELP!
Larry L Black  Please respond to llblack@attglobal.net
Lorraine, 
I have your revised letter.? There is only one thing that seems subject to 
possible questions about the intent.? Paragraph 3, last sentence.? I suggest 
it be revised as follows: 
".....and Transwestern's maximum rates shall apply on a daily, volumetric 
basis to the volumes for which such other alternate points are utilized 
This would reflect how I read the Tariff provisions to apply.? As written 
now, someone could infer that ALL volumes go to max rates whenever ANY 
volumes are moved from/to an unspecified alternate point.? I am visualizing a 
nomination day with part of the volumes from Primary or one of these 
specified points and part of the volumes from some other unspecified 
alternate point. 
Then, just a general question.? Are any of these named alternates also 
delivery points, as well as receipt points?? Are there any delivery points in 
these areas that should be recognized? 
I will talk to you first thing in the morning. 
Thanks. 
Larry
- llblack.vcf
thanks, Donna -- good work.
FYI -Received a letter from FERC today granting an extension until August 1 
to file the noise survey report.   I will foward a copy to you for your 
records.  Questions, let me know.  Thanks.  Donna
Steve, apparently I'm developing an overactive imagination when it comes to 
FERC decisions.
In Panhandle Eastern Pipe Line Company, 74 FERC ? 61,102, reh'g denied, 75 
FERC ? 61,272 (1996), and Transwestern, 90 FERC P 61,044, in which FERC 
approved LFT services, the Commission accepted the pipelines' statements that 
they would not sell capacity that is not available (i.e., will not 
double-sell), rather than limit the service in some way or reject the filings.
In Iroquois Gas Transmission System, L.P., 79 FERC ? 61,394 (1997), the 
Commission approved of the pipeline's selling of capacity that becomes 
operationally available for various reasons from time to time.
But I have not been able to locate the general statement along the lines of 
"pipelines can use their own discretion to determine whether capacity is 
available" that I thought existed.
(I haven't reviewed this yet but will have a chance to this afternoon.)
?
- RP00-249 Reply Comments.doc
?
- RP00-249 Reply Comments.doc
Here's the draft I referred to in my e-mail -- let me know if you have 
comments or questions.
At PNM's request we are not going to say anything about long-term having a 
higher priority than short-term, because their tariff simply does not reflect 
this.  Unfortunately it would have made our argument stronger if we could 
have said it, but 
Anyway, I like what Steve has done here.  If there is no objection I'm going 
to have him make the change described above and file it tomorrow.
Susan,  This looks fine to me but I want to confirm one statement.  In 
section 3 on page 3 we state that TW intends to contract for long-term 
capacity vs. short-term capacity and therefore we will have a higher priority 
and will not be the "lowest priority on PNM".  Please confirm that a contract 
for April to October is long term on PNM.  I initially understood we would 
contract for one month with an evergreen provision or rolling month to month 
type of contract therefore I just wanted to make sure this statement fits 
with our Marketing Depts intent.  Thanks.
Glen
(I haven't reviewed this yet but will have a chance to this afternoon.)
?
- RP00-249 Reply Comments.doc
Our consulting agreement with IGS for services related to the CPUC proceeding 
expired 12/31/99 but can be continued by mutual agreement of the parties Given the upcoming proceedings, I'd recommend that we act on this sooner 
rather than later...let me know and I'll draft a brief letter to Mark 
Baldwin.
Dear Judge Biren:
Attached is an electronic version of Transwestern Pipeline Company's Opening 
Brief, which will be filed with the Commission today.
Susan Scott
Transwestern Pipeline Company
(713) 853-0596
susan.scott@
Attached is Transwestern Pipeline Company's Opening Brief which was filed 
yesterday.
Paul, governing law in paragraph 9 needs to be Texas.  If this is a problem, 
give me a call because we'll need to discuss it with Drew.
Subject to this one change, I approve this agreement.
Susan,
Attached is a proposed guaranty from New Centuries Energy on behalf of e 
prime. Please review and advise your comments.
Thanks and 
Per our phone conversation, attached is the NCE PG format.
Please review and contact me with any questions or changes.
Thank you
Melanie Sloan
Credit Analyst
303-308-6018
- Guaranty NCE to Sample.doc
Attached for your review is a draft of Transport Options filing that 
incorporates the comments and suggestions I've received since last week Please provide any further suggestions/changes to me as soon as possible, but 
in no case later than close of business, Friday, July 14 
The timeline I've discussed with TW Commercial for this project is as follows:
Final draft comments   Friday, July 14
Circulate draft to customers,
customer meetings, time for
customers to respond, informal 
discussion with FERC   Mon. July 17 - Wed. July 26
Final internal review/edit of filing  Thursday, July 27
FERC filing    Monday, July 31
Please let me know your comments on this proposed timeline as well.  Thank 
you.
Susan, we are unlikely to get comments back to you this week, since we are 
head over heals in 637 on NNG.  We'll get to asap-- MK
Attached for your review is a draft of Transport Options filing that 
incorporates the comments and suggestions I've received since last week Please provide any further suggestions/changes to me as soon as possible, but 
in no case later than close of business, Friday, July 14 
The timeline I've discussed with TW Commercial for this project is as follows:
Final draft comments   Friday, July 14
Circulate draft to customers,
customer meetings, time for
customers to respond, informal 
discussion with FERC   Mon. July 17 - Wed. July 26
Final internal review/edit of filing  Thursday, July 27
FERC filing    Monday, July 31
Please let me know your comments on this proposed timeline as well.  Thank 
you.
Hi Mum.  Sept. 29 sounds great; I have always wanted to see Chorus Line.  So 
go ahead and order tickets if you like 
I think I might be skiing in the Park City area in December.  Allie's wedding 
is Dec. 16.  at Sundance.  If you and Eric planned your trip then, you and I 
could hit the bunny slopes together.  I want to take lessons, and stick to 
the easy runs.  No way am I getting more injuries; I am creaky enough as it 
is.
Bill is still hoping to go to Sweden in September to buy his Volvo wagon.  I 
have really lost my enthusiasm for the trip and would rather go to Mexico, 
and have told him so.  So I'm not sure what will happen.  Are you interested 
in going to San Miguel for the running of the bulls?
Hope the Hip Abductors are not demanding too much as ransom.
Love,
Sooz
Camp2scott@aol.com on 07/13/2000 10:32:35 AM
Hi, Sooz!  What are you doing Sat, Sept 29?  Was just checking over the
Broadway series at the Paramount, and "Chorus Line" is coming for a 2-wk
period.  I would love to see it.  I could probably find someone to go with on
a weeknight, but would prefer going with you if you're available.  Let me
know.  I'll be leaving for Calif a few days later, Oct 3.
Eric had a fatty tumor removed from just under his shoulder Mon.  Called him
when I returned from Houston to check on him and he surprised and shocked me
by saying he was not skiing with his L.A. group this year, and wants me to go
on some ski trips with him.  It's one of those things you wish for, and then
you get it?  Oh no.  I don't even know if I'll really progress past the
beginner slope, but am sure I'll be very good at apres.  I think he's
considering Park City for the first one.  He says the transportation there is
good, and it's a good place for me to learn.
Darrell went with me to The Hills Tues. and I discovered the Hip Abductors!
Wow.  Didn't feel the workout until after my walk last night.  Sure hope all
this is doing some good.  Checked their long list of reciprocal clubs, and
The Met isn't one of them, but that doesn't matter.  You can still go as a
guest.  (Neither is the Los Gatos Ath. Club.)  Must check out exercises for
skiing.
Went to the lab early this a.m. for pre-physical tests.  Had a late lunch
yesterday and no dinner, so I was starved when I woke up.  They opened at
7:00 and there wasn't much of a wait.
Fabion had disappeared for a few weeks, and Mike had lined up another guy to
mow for us, but Fabion showed up--he had been in Mexico.  Sure glad to see
him.  He's from some town near San Miguel.
K, J & G are coming for an overnight Sat.  Karin has a haircut appt.  Glad
for the company.
Mother's a/c went out in her car as she was leaving Austin on the 5th.  All
that way to Houston in the heat.  At least she left early.  She just spent
$800 for a new compressor for that old heap.  Couldn't believe it.  She had
just spent $200 for freon on her previous trip--it all leaked out.  Even with
her other gas guzzler, $1000 would have gone a long way paying for gas.
Hope you're having a good week.  Did Bill make it home?  love, mum
Oops, I meant to send this note to Mary Darveaux instead -- my apologies!
Susan, I don't believe I'm involved in this filing.   Donna
I know you do not want to think about this today, but I'm just thinking ahead 
to next week.  Let's come up with an action plan for drafting TW's Order 637 
compliance filing.  You two should be experts by now!  Give me a call Monday 
or Tuesday, and let's discuss getting started, and I will get to work on a 
draft.  I still have the marked up tariff sheets from when we talked about 
this in March or April 
Drew -- I've looked at this and it is fine; really does not deviate from what 
we have posted before.
One issue that arose Friday was whether our all-or-nothing approach (i.e shipper must take all 49,000 dth of capacity or none at all -- or all 20,000 
or none at all) constitutes tying.  The 49,000 package includes 35,000 to 
North Needles and 14,000 to Topock.  So if a shipper wants the Needles space 
it has to take the Topock space too.  This looked like a clear case of tying 
to me until I remembered that this capacity is now, and has been, posted and 
available and any shipper can bid on any part of the Needles space right now 
if they wanted to and we'd sell it to them without making them take the 
Topock space.  That'll be true during the IOS too -- i.e., nothing can stop 
shippers from bidding on the Needles space outside of the IOS process.  This 
is just a situation in which we're putting a special package together with 
the expectation that the price will reflect the fact that the less desirable 
Topock space is part of that package 
Does this make sense to you?  If not, give me a call.
pls let me know if this looks ok to you.  thanks df
Christine Stokes
07/17/2000 10:28 AM
TRANSWESTERN PIPELINE COMPANY 
INTERACTIVE OPEN SEASON 
APPROVAL REQUEST
Please review the attached file for the announcement of Transwestern's 
Interactive Open Season (IOS) to be held Friday, July 21, 2000.  The 
following summarizes the bidding rules and capacity definition for the two 
bid packages of East of Thoreau (EOT) to California capacity:
Package 1:
Volume: 20,000 Dth/d
Term:  3 months (August - October, 2000)
Path:  East of Thoreau to California.  Maximum available delivery capacity 
of 12,000 Dth/d at Needles, Ca.  Remaining may be chosen between
PG&E and Mojave.
Package 2:
Volume: 49,000 Dth/d
Term:  12 Months (November 1, 2000 - Oct. 31, 2001)
Path:  East of Thoreau to California.  Maximum available delivery capacity
of 35,000 Dth/d at Needles, Cal.  Remaining may be chosen between
PG&E and Mojave.
Bidders may bid on either a 1-part or a 2-part rate structure for the entire 
capacity amount posted.   No partial volume bids are accepted.  Bid packages 
are considered mutually exclusive.     No minimum bid rate is posted 
therefore Transwestern is not obligated to accept any bids if the bids are 
valued as unacceptable.  Transwestern shall award capacity based upon Highest 
Rate criteria.
If any questions arise please contact Christine Stokes at x35702.
Please indicated approval via REPLY WITH HISTORY.
I spoke with Steve Stojic about this and he had the same concern.  Even 
though I was trying to keep this out of the new rate schedule requirements by 
not making it a rate schedule, I believe I still managed to cover many 
checklist items.  One that is not covered is testimony similar to what might 
be filed in a rate case, in order to justify market based rates.  We are 
planning to include a revenue estimate.  I'll go over these and make sure 
everything is addressed before filing.
Are you OK with this filing from a general conceptual standpoint?  The 
marketers want to start giving a draft to customers for them to review 
beginning TODAY.
Susan, 
In reviewing the proposed filing I had some questions.  On page 2 in the 
discussion of ensuring sufficient capacity we offer to establish position 
guidelines, do we need to outline these and either include them as an exhibit 
or have them ready for reply to either protesters or a staff data request Secondly, if we regard this as a new service does our filing comply with all 
aspects of 154.202 (a) (ii), (iii), (iv) (A) & (B), (v), (vi), (viii) and 
(ix)?  In recent filings the staff has challenged our filings in terms of 
addressing each of these requirements.  I believe many our covered but 
thought you might like to double check for compliance.  What about a revenue 
estimate? Seems like we need one, even if its still very speculative.
Glen 
Attached for your review is a draft of Transport Options filing that 
incorporates the comments and suggestions I've received since last week Please provide any further suggestions/changes to me as soon as possible, but 
in no case later than close of business, Friday, July 14 
The timeline I've discussed with TW Commercial for this project is as follows:
Final draft comments   Friday, July 14
Circulate draft to customers,
customer meetings, time for
customers to respond, informal 
discussion with FERC   Mon. July 17 - Wed. July 26
Final internal review/edit of filing  Thursday, July 27
FERC filing    Monday, July 31
Please let me know your comments on this proposed timeline as well.  Thank 
you.
For discussion this a.m.
Posted this morning @ 6:55 a.m. 
Please ignore what I sent you last night and post this instead; it has just a 
couple of typo. changes. Thank you!
& I will send it to the Commercial Group, so you do not need to.
I've reviewed the IGS market development agreement pursuant to your request It expires 2/29/00.  The agreement requires the parties to meet 90 days prior 
to that date for the purpose of discussing an extension but does not obligate 
us to agree to any such extension 
As you know, I have a conflict tomorrow at 10, but would be happy to provide 
any other information you need for the meeting 
David Foti, currently of ET&S, has accepted a position at EES effective 
August 1, 2000.  To ensure that ET&S continues to be in compliance with the 
marketing affiliate rules, Dave's access to any ET&S or GPG-related LANs or 
applications should be removed at the close of business on July 31.  In 
addition, Dave's email profile should be changed and any GPG or ET&S mass 
distribution  lists should be changed 
Please send a reply email to me after these changes have been completed, 
verifying and indicating the date that employee was:
- removed from the LAN
- EBB password was changed/canceled (if applicable)
- removed from ET&S or GPG-related applications
- email post office box was transfered.
If you have questions, or if you believe there is someone else I need to 
contact in order to accomplish the above, please let me know.
According to my research, this project (which involves construction by TW of 
a lateral consisting of about 40 miles of at least 16" pipe to provide 
service to a power plant) would require a 7(c) certificate.  Do you concur Any comments?
Jeffery Fawcett
07/21/2000 12:36 PM
TW and Caithness met in Denver this week for the first face-to-face meeting 
between the parties.  The purpose of the meeting was to review the status of 
the Caithness Big Sandy Project and to establish the next steps for moving 
the project forward.
Caithness Corporation
Caithness Corp. is a privately held company based in New York with a variety 
of business interests.  The company is essentially a financial vehicle for 
private investors.  Their energy segment currently owns 1,200 MW of 
generation through renewable assets in California (geothermal at Coso, wind 
in Tehachapi and Palm Springs) and a gas fired plant in South Carolina 
jointly-owned by Florida Power & Light.
Big Sandy Project
The Big Sandy Project is a proposed power plant to be located near Wickieup, 
Arizona.  The project would be built in two phases- first phase would be 550 
MW, with a gas load of approx. 80,000 MMBtu/d, and phase 2 would add another 
170 MW for a total of 720 MW with a gas load of 120,000 MMBtu/d.
The proposed location of the plant is approximately 40 miles south of 
Transwestern's pipeline.  The take-off point on Transwestern would be at/near 
valve station #1008, approximately 15 miles downstream of compressor Station 
#1.  The current estimate includes an alignment that follows Arizona state 
highway 93 south to a location 2 miles southeast of Wickieup in the S/W 4 of 
Section 5, T15N, R12W, Mohave County, Arizona.  There is a 500 KV 
transmission line owned by WAPA that crosses the property.  This line is one 
of the principal electric transmission systems in the Southwest and extends 
from the Phoenix area to the Mead substation near Boulder City, NV.  I've 
included a WAPA map below which indicates this line.  Also, on the site is a 
water pipeline owned by the Cyprus Amax Bagdad mine.  Water for the plant 
will come from an encapusulated water table through deep wells.  They have 
currently dug the first two test wells, each capable of 500 cfm.  The power 
plant will require approximately 3,500 cfm of water.  In addition to the 
wells, the plant has several thousand-acre feet of water rights to surface 
water from the Big Sandy River.  The project may also purchase water from the 
Cyprus Bagdad water pipeline.
The chief geological feature of this area is the Big Sandy River and 
associated wash.  The highway 93 roadbed follows along the river.  The area 
includes rolling hills and is principally desert terrain, with some limited 
agricultural and ranching interests.  Wickieup is a very small town with an 
estimated population of 200.
Project Schedule
Gas Turbine(s) ordered Westinghouse-Seimens  May 2000
Submit Environmental Impact Statement (EIS)  August 2000
Arrange financing     December 2000
EIS approval      March 2001
Construction begins     April 2001
Testing begins      July 2002
Commercial Operation     November 2002
There are two lead agencies for purposes of the project's EIS- the Bureau of 
Land Management (BLM Kingman office) and the Western Area Power 
Administration (WAPA).  There is only one endangered/threatened species known 
to be present in the area.
Lateral Pipeline Alignment
The most critical path item is the alignment of the lateral pipeline.  The 
alignment (lateral pipeline route) must be included in the EIS to be filed 
next month.  Caithness has spoken preliminarily with the Arizona Department 
of Transportation (ADOT) and the agency is amenable to granting an easement 
for the pipeline.  The problem appears to be in the limited amount of right 
of way available.  Measured from the shoulder to the fenceline, there is only 
a 70 ft. right of way available for construction.  Typically, pipelines 
require a 100 ft. temporary construction easement and 50 ft. of permanent 
right of way.  Preliminary discussions indicate another problem with this 
alignment may be the roadway's routing within the wash of the riverbed.
If the highway 93 corridor is unsuitable for the pipeline, the second 
alternative appears to be running the pipeline down the adjacent N/S section 
line.  The problem with this approach is that as the line nears the site, the 
routing would have to contend with the river bed and wash areas, possibly 
necessitating deep burial and anchoring.  The other route would involve 
following along the WAPA electric transmission corridor.  The only issue 
there, aside from whether WAPA would permit the pipeline encroachment, is 
whether there are safety and/or corrosion concerns associated with a high 
pressure gas line located under a high voltage transmission system.
Other Preliminary Project Issues
There are other fundamental issues to address.  The original concept was to 
interconnect the proposed Transwestern lateral with El Paso's northern 
mainline and the yet-to-be-constructed Questar Southern Trails Pipeline, both 
of which lay adjacent to Transwestern's mainline.  Transwestern's original 
estimate to construct a 16" lateral pipeline and meter station ($20.3MM) was 
based on the following specifications:
120 MMcf/d
450 psig delivery pressure,
900 psig inlet pressure
The meeting resulted in a revised set of specifications that now include a 
higher 550 psig minimum delivery pressure (new technology Westinghouse 
turbines).  In addition, our understanding is that EPNG's system operates at 
a pressure 100-150 psig lower than Transwestern's.  In order to accommodate 
EPNG deliveries and to account for the new higher minimum pressure, the 
design will likely change to a 20" pipeline.
Next Steps (responsible party/department)
Task      Date Due Party/Dept. 
Pipeline Alignment
1. Estimate to plot lateral pipeline route.     8/4  Matthews/Chanley
2. Engineering services agreement    8/4  Scott/Fawcett
3. Final alignment sheets.    8/25  Matthews/Chanley
Misc. Items
1.   Confidentiality Agreement   7/24  Scott/Fawcett
2. Data items to Caithness
-  Form 567     7/26  Matthews
-  Gallup FERC filing (flow diagram)  7/26  Scott
-  Sta. 1 and Needles flow/pressure data  7/28  Matthews
-  Outage reports/maintenance schedules 7/28  Matthews
Engineering/Design
1.   Original estimate (16" line) to Caithness  7/24  Matthews
2.  Revised specifications to Transwestern  7/28  Caithness (T.P.)
3.   Revised estimate (20" line) to Caithness    8/4  Matthews/Chanley 
Other Issues
Several key issues need to be addressed concurrently with the pipeline 
alignment and engineering activities:
Task      Date Due Party/Dept. 
Deal Structuring
1. Financing/cost amortization     9/8  Fawcett/Hayslett
/Centilli/Goodrow
2. Research interconnect policy (EPNG)    8/4  Scott/Regulatory
3. Research 7(c) application requirements  8/11  Scott/Regulatory
4. Rates      9/22  Scott/Regulatory
/Centilli
5. Research open season requirements  8/18  Scott/Regulatory
The above list is certainly not meant to be all-inclusive and a kick-off 
meeting to discuss the project schedule will be put together shortly.  In the 
meantime, if you have any questions regarding this project, please let me 
know.  Also, please feel free to forward this memo to anyone I've 
inadvertently left off the distribution.  Thanks 
After our IOS adventure last week, I put together the following questions=20
that need to be resolved.  Some of them have needed to be resolved for quite=20
some time.  Tony, let's talk since I think some of these have already been=20
discussed and maybe resolved in the context of developing TW's EnronOnline=20
site, and I just need to get up to speed.  To the extent there aren't answers=20
yet, I'll get busy researching.  Drew -- comments?  Shall we all get on the=20
phone & discuss this?
List of TW contracting issues
1.  Reevaluate the following in the context of current FERC negotiated rate=20
policy:
a.  Transwestern's current form discount letter states:  "[t]he total charge=20
shall include all applicable surcharges."   Should this language be revised,=20
and if so, how?
b.  Transwestern usually charges one-part rates, and includes language in=20
its discount letter stating that Transwestern shall allocate the combined=20
rate between the reservation and commodity components inclusive of=20
surcharges.  Are one-part rates really negotiated rates?  material deviations=20
from the tariff?=20
c.  Transwestern's discount letter includes a statement that in no event=20
shall the contract rate be greater than the maximum or lower than the minimum=20
rates provided in Transwestern=01,s tariff.  This was intended as assurance that=20
the contract is not a negotiated rate.  Is this language still effective? =20
necessary?
2.  IOS/EnronOnline:
a.  When should IOS be conducted, if at all?
b.  Once notice of IOS or EnronOnline bidding has been posted, can the=20
subject capacity still be sold off-line (i.e., pursuant to traditional=20
bidding procedures)?
c.  Is our system for IOS and EnronOnline set up to handle max rate bidding=20
situations in a nondiscriminatory manner and in compliance with the bid=20
evaluation procedures in the tariff?  If not, what changes need to be made?
Tony, the idea we had discussed at our meeting with Drew was somehow 
acquiring capacity on El Paso in order to access the South Needles 
interconnect with SoCal.  Currently SoCal lets El Paso deliver to S. Needles 
but does not extend the same privilege to TW 
I'm unsure how it would work.  TW does have a couple of interconnects with El 
Paso's system.  I would simply say in the memo that one solution to the 
constraint at Topock might be to get some shippers to switch to South 
Needles, and deliver gas to South Needles after twisting SoCal's arm and 
letting us in, or somehow acquiring capacity on El Paso (or otherwise using 
their system) to access South Needles.  Obviously we will need to flesh this 
out from an economic, regulatory and legal standpoint.  I will discuss it 
with Jeff when he returns.  My apologies for the delay.  Call if you have any 
questions or comments to discuss 
S.
No probola!  It will be good to have an excuse to go to NM.  Maybe I will go 
this weekend.
So glad you had rain over the weekend!  We did too, and we had had a dry 
spell for almost as long.  I hope it was not too late to save my back yard, 
which was starting to smell like cooked grass.
Bill and I are on the outs.  He just will not do what he needs to in order to 
make things work, so I have given up.  Of course now he is trying to be 
charming.  Anyway, I will have to tell you the whole story some other time.
The kiddies are going back to school already so now would be a good time to 
plan a trip to D.C. at last.  Maybe early Sept?
Also I'd be game for a girls' trip to Destin.
Time to work!
Love,
Sooz
Camp2scott@aol.com on 07/24/2000 08:50:44 PM
Hi, Sooz,
Don't make a special trip, but the next time you're at the Galleria, would
you go by the Neiman's Clientele make-up counter (by the candy) and get
something for me?  Clientele Wrinkle Treatment.  It'll be pricy, but just let
me know and I'll get a check to you.
love, mum
Ken, here are the confidentiality agreements that should be signed prior to 
our providing information to our vendors.  Each agreement should be printed 
as duplicate originals on TW letterhead, and signed by an officer of TW.  I 
understand that Mike Nelson is out due to a death in the family; Steve Harris 
is out this week also.  Perhaps Julia White would be willing to sign in order 
to expedite things.
If you have any questions or need further assistance with any aspect of these 
agreements please do not hesitate to call (x30596) or come by.
Well, Larry just won't let go of these contract issues, will he??
I believe the answer is that SWGas will always be billed based on the 
one-part rate, regardless of how we choose to allocate the rate components My understanding is that the reason we reserve the right to allocate the 
components is simply for internal accounting purposes, to keep any one 
component from exceeding the max or going below the min.
Hope this helps; let me know if you have further questions!
Lorraine Lindberg
07/25/2000 02:59 PM
Any advice on how to respond?
Larry L Black  Please respond to llblack@attglobal.net
Lorraine,
Confirmation that I did receive your executed TSA and Letter Agreement.
I'm so glad you are excited.  We have so little in our lives to give us
true excitement.  At my age, I try to reserve all events of elevated
blood pressure for only the esoteric things.  (Just kidding.)  I'm very
pleased we finally got this done.  Now for the pipe wrench and welder
folks to get the physical jobs done, as well.
Unfortunately, the work is never over.  I will now try to concentrate on
the OBA, which has been sitting by the sideline for a long time.  Will
get back to you on that as soon as I can.
As for the TSA rate, I have a few questions.  We have agreed that TWPL
would allocate the rate between fixed and variable components.  I have
never been clear on just when and how that will be done.  I have assumed
you would make that call, let us know, and it would be over.  Is there
any idea that issue would be a changing thing, or is it "once done,
always done"?  Further, what factors do you use to make that
determination and what, if any, rules and regulations apply?  From
different views, I'd like to have it all variable and you would like to
have it all fixed.  What is the process here?
I will get back to you soon on the OBA stuff.  Meanwhile, chill that
champagne!
Larry
- llblack.vcf
Here is the revised bullet sheet along with the draft agreement.
Approved
Christine Stokes
07/25/2000 02:45 PM
TRANSWESTERN PIPELINE CONTRACT APPROVAL REQUEST
Please review the attached standard discount letter for Sempra Energy Trading 
Corp.  Sempra was recently awarded 49,000 Dth/d of East of Thoreau (EOT) to 
California capacity via Transwestern's Interactive Open Season Auction 
process.  The capacity was awarded at a one-part rate of $.285/Dth/d for a 
one year term of November 1, 2000 - October 31, 2001.  Sempra shall have 
alternate delivery point rights at the California Border as well as alternate 
receipt point rights in Transwestern's EOT Area.
Please confirm via REPLY WITH HISTORY.  All Officer approvals will be faxed 
to Bill Cordes for final Officer approval.
Thanks Keith.  Feel free to coordinate with Jeff to put together a meeting to 
get the info you need.  I do not know the answer to your questions offhand, 
and Ron is out this week.
Keith Petersen
07/26/2000 09:47 AM
The prior notice blanket was a possibility, but with the change in diameters 
it most likely won't work.  I agree with you a 7 (c) filing would be 
required.  I noticed they are discussing environmental information below, but 
what is the status of preparing the reports?  If we are to make the filing, 
we need a meeting to make sure that everyone is gathering the proper 
information.  In some of our other filings we conducted town hall meetings 
prior to survey work to gain support of the people.  This should be being 
A question I have is "will the mainline need to be expanded?"  How do they 
plan to serve the load from a fully subscribed pipe? (I believe it is fully 
subscribed)
Thanks 
Keith
According to my research, this project (which involves construction by TW of 
a lateral consisting of about 40 miles of at least 16" pipe to provide 
service to a power plant) would require a 7(c) certificate.  Do you concur Any comments?
Jeffery Fawcett
07/21/2000 12:36 PM
TW and Caithness met in Denver this week for the first face-to-face meeting 
between the parties.  The purpose of the meeting was to review the status of 
the Caithness Big Sandy Project and to establish the next steps for moving 
the project forward.
Caithness Corporation
Caithness Corp. is a privately held company based in New York with a variety 
of business interests.  The company is essentially a financial vehicle for 
private investors.  Their energy segment currently owns 1,200 MW of 
generation through renewable assets in California (geothermal at Coso, wind 
in Tehachapi and Palm Springs) and a gas fired plant in South Carolina 
jointly-owned by Florida Power & Light.
Big Sandy Project
The Big Sandy Project is a proposed power plant to be located near Wickieup, 
Arizona.  The project would be built in two phases- first phase would be 550 
MW, with a gas load of approx. 80,000 MMBtu/d, and phase 2 would add another 
170 MW for a total of 720 MW with a gas load of 120,000 MMBtu/d.
The proposed location of the plant is approximately 40 miles south of 
Transwestern's pipeline.  The take-off point on Transwestern would be at/near 
valve station #1008, approximately 15 miles downstream of compressor Station 
#1.  The current estimate includes an alignment that follows Arizona state 
highway 93 south to a location 2 miles southeast of Wickieup in the S/W 4 of 
Section 5, T15N, R12W, Mohave County, Arizona.  There is a 500 KV 
transmission line owned by WAPA that crosses the property.  This line is one 
of the principal electric transmission systems in the Southwest and extends 
from the Phoenix area to the Mead substation near Boulder City, NV.  I've 
included a WAPA map below which indicates this line.  Also, on the site is a 
water pipeline owned by the Cyprus Amax Bagdad mine.  Water for the plant 
will come from an encapusulated water table through deep wells.  They have 
currently dug the first two test wells, each capable of 500 cfm.  The power 
plant will require approximately 3,500 cfm of water.  In addition to the 
wells, the plant has several thousand-acre feet of water rights to surface 
water from the Big Sandy River.  The project may also purchase water from the 
Cyprus Bagdad water pipeline.
The chief geological feature of this area is the Big Sandy River and 
associated wash.  The highway 93 roadbed follows along the river.  The area 
includes rolling hills and is principally desert terrain, with some limited 
agricultural and ranching interests.  Wickieup is a very small town with an 
estimated population of 200.
Project Schedule
Gas Turbine(s) ordered Westinghouse-Seimens  May 2000
Submit Environmental Impact Statement (EIS)  August 2000
Arrange financing     December 2000
EIS approval      March 2001
Construction begins     April 2001
Testing begins      July 2002
Commercial Operation     November 2002
There are two lead agencies for purposes of the project's EIS- the Bureau of 
Land Management (BLM Kingman office) and the Western Area Power 
Administration (WAPA).  There is only one endangered/threatened species known 
to be present in the area.
Lateral Pipeline Alignment
The most critical path item is the alignment of the lateral pipeline.  The 
alignment (lateral pipeline route) must be included in the EIS to be filed 
next month.  Caithness has spoken preliminarily with the Arizona Department 
of Transportation (ADOT) and the agency is amenable to granting an easement 
for the pipeline.  The problem appears to be in the limited amount of right 
of way available.  Measured from the shoulder to the fenceline, there is only 
a 70 ft. right of way available for construction.  Typically, pipelines 
require a 100 ft. temporary construction easement and 50 ft. of permanent 
right of way.  Preliminary discussions indicate another problem with this 
alignment may be the roadway's routing within the wash of the riverbed.
If the highway 93 corridor is unsuitable for the pipeline, the second 
alternative appears to be running the pipeline down the adjacent N/S section 
line.  The problem with this approach is that as the line nears the site, the 
routing would have to contend with the river bed and wash areas, possibly 
necessitating deep burial and anchoring.  The other route would involve 
following along the WAPA electric transmission corridor.  The only issue 
there, aside from whether WAPA would permit the pipeline encroachment, is 
whether there are safety and/or corrosion concerns associated with a high 
pressure gas line located under a high voltage transmission system.
Other Preliminary Project Issues
There are other fundamental issues to address.  The original concept was to 
interconnect the proposed Transwestern lateral with El Paso's northern 
mainline and the yet-to-be-constructed Questar Southern Trails Pipeline, both 
of which lay adjacent to Transwestern's mainline.  Transwestern's original 
estimate to construct a 16" lateral pipeline and meter station ($20.3MM) was 
based on the following specifications:
120 MMcf/d
450 psig delivery pressure,
900 psig inlet pressure
The meeting resulted in a revised set of specifications that now include a 
higher 550 psig minimum delivery pressure (new technology Westinghouse 
turbines).  In addition, our understanding is that EPNG's system operates at 
a pressure 100-150 psig lower than Transwestern's.  In order to accommodate 
EPNG deliveries and to account for the new higher minimum pressure, the 
design will likely change to a 20" pipeline.
Next Steps (responsible party/department)
Task      Date Due Party/Dept. 
Pipeline Alignment
1. Estimate to plot lateral pipeline route.     8/4  Matthews/Chanley
2. Engineering services agreement    8/4  Scott/Fawcett
3. Final alignment sheets.    8/25  Matthews/Chanley
Misc. Items
1.   Confidentiality Agreement   7/24  Scott/Fawcett
2. Data items to Caithness
-  Form 567     7/26  Matthews
-  Gallup FERC filing (flow diagram)  7/26  Scott
-  Sta. 1 and Needles flow/pressure data  7/28  Matthews
-  Outage reports/maintenance schedules 7/28  Matthews
Engineering/Design
1.   Original estimate (16" line) to Caithness  7/24  Matthews
2.  Revised specifications to Transwestern  7/28  Caithness (T.P.)
3.   Revised estimate (20" line) to Caithness    8/4  Matthews/Chanley 
Other Issues
Several key issues need to be addressed concurrently with the pipeline 
alignment and engineering activities:
Task      Date Due Party/Dept. 
Deal Structuring
1. Financing/cost amortization     9/8  Fawcett/Hayslett
/Centilli/Goodrow
2. Research interconnect policy (EPNG)    8/4  Scott/Regulatory
3. Research 7(c) application requirements  8/11  Scott/Regulatory
4. Rates      9/22  Scott/Regulatory
/Centilli
5. Research open season requirements  8/18  Scott/Regulatory
The above list is certainly not meant to be all-inclusive and a kick-off 
meeting to discuss the project schedule will be put together shortly.  In the 
meantime, if you have any questions regarding this project, please let me 
know.  Also, please feel free to forward this memo to anyone I've 
inadvertently left off the distribution.  Thanks 
Lindy, do you know offhand whether our OBAs with PG&E and SoCal deviate from 
the usual 10% tolerance provided for in our tariff form OBA?  If not, who do 
you think might be able to tell me 
This should be so much easier; Foti is not cooperating so I am having to 
spend time hunting down his Co. # and RC #, which hopefully Estalee will be 
able to provide.  I reiterate my position that lawyers are not the ones who 
should have to do this.  Rest assured I'll follow through on this one and Lia 
Hernandez, but I also feel we need to approach Dave Schafer and ask why this 
is something HR is not capable of taking care of.
Effective date:   7/31/00
Type of action:   Transfer In:                      Transfer Out XX               Delete:
Home domain/LAN (if known):
Social Security Number:
Phone:    Room: 
Co #:    RC 
Please provide the information above so that we may process this request.  If 
you have any questions, feel freel to call me at 33270.
Chris
David Foti, currently of ET&S, has accepted a position at EES effective 
August 1, 2000.  To ensure that ET&S continues to be in compliance with the 
marketing affiliate rules, Dave's access to any ET&S or GPG-related LANs or 
applications should be removed at the close of business on July 31.  In 
addition, Dave's email profile should be changed and any GPG or ET&S mass 
distribution  lists should be changed 
Please send a reply email to me after these changes have been completed, 
verifying and indicating the date that employee was:
- removed from the LAN
- EBB password was changed/canceled (if applicable)
- removed from ET&S or GPG-related applications
- email post office box was transfered.
If you have questions, or if you believe there is someone else I need to 
contact in order to accomplish the above, please let me know.
Needs to be an officer or someone with power of attorney.  Ordinarily, you do 
not have power of attorney unless there is board of director approval 
authorizing you to sign contracts on behalf of the company The point is to make sure someone signs it who is authorized to bind the 
company to the obligations of the agreement; otherwise they could argue later 
that the agreement is not valid.
Kenneth Chow
07/27/2000 08:05 AM
Susan,
Does it have to be an officer of the company (West Penetone, NiGen 
International) that signs the agreement?
Or is it ok for the sales rep to sign it?
Thanks,
Ken
jimmy e hassell  Jimmy Hassell
C/O West Penetone
203 Shenandoah Drive
Richmond, Texas 77469
Ken, Do I need an officer in the company to sign the agreement?
On Tue, 25 Jul 2000 15:04:53 -0500 Kenneth.Chow@ writes:
 Jimmy,
 I will fax you a copy of the Agreement.  Please sign and fax back to
 me for
 processing.  I will be sending you the original, also to be signed
 and sent
 back to me.  I do not have your address on hand - would you mind
 sending me
 your mailing address?