i am open, i know we can pull some strong people from this group. i can discuss this with you over beer this evening if you can. sorry i did not call you yesterday, i talked to fred lagrasta and he is currently in a holding pattern. rice will go 9-3 and will not go to a bowl game
brad, were you serious about what we discussed the other night? we might have a way to get it to work. key would be who else wanted to get in. if you want to discuss one afternoon, let me know.
heard the owls might not get a bowl game despite 9 wins - wouldn't you go? (ha ha)
that sounds good, tell k happy bday from the mckay family
tonight i'm taking k for dinner (her birthday) - beers beforehand might be frowned on.  how about friday afternoon?
i am open, i know we can pull some strong people from this group. i can discuss this with you over beer this evening if you can. sorry i did not call you yesterday, i talked to fred lagrasta and he is currently in a holding pattern. rice will go 9-3 and will not go to a bowl game
brad, were you serious about what we discussed the other night? we might have a way to get it to work. key would be who else wanted to get in. if you want to discuss one afternoon, let me know.
heard the owls might not get a bowl game despite 9 wins - wouldn't you go? (ha ha)
Tuesday after 5:00 is good
Lets' try for Tuesday - that's looking pretty good for me.
ok 
I've had something come up today.  I can still do it tomorrow, though I
would hope to be able to go a little earlier than 5.  Are knocking off a
little earlier than usual with Nymex closing at noon?
Eric Shaw
Lets' try for Tuesday - that's looking pretty good for me.
no, we are setting records on the # of trades. no counterparty issues at this time
are they curtailing your volumes?  counterparties backing off yet?
Please forward this to dad, i think that he needs to buy some Enron. In light of all that has come out there is more speculation than reality this is a great opportunity. brad
 Jon, Beth, just a quick note to say Hi and thanks for the chat\good-time,
 if you ever visit the UK you'll have to look me up.