I am looking forward to hearing from all of you and for those who
 decide Enron isn't for them, good luck in the future and I'd appreciate if
 you let us know what your plans will be.  Have a great last semester
and be
 sure to have fun, although I doubt any of you will have a problem with
 that.
Please take dave botchlett off the distribution.  he is no longer with the 
company.
NOTICE:  CABC reports contain sensitive information and are not for general 
distribution
The Saudi oil minister is now saying that if Iraqi export volumes do not 
return to normal (as assumed in the recent OPEC production cut), OPEC might 
actually increase output at the March meeting.    This seems to reflect fresh 
doubts about Iraq's speedy return to the market.
Despite reports that loadings are resuming at Ceyhan, our sources believe 
that Iraqi export volumes are likely to remain below normal levels.  These 
sources assess that Iraq is continuing to insist on the surcharges.  Some 
companies will steer clear of any Iraqi oil; others will try to find a way to 
resume exports without being accused of paying a surcharge.  In any case, it 
will be difficult for Iraq to ramp up to 2 mb/d by Feb 1 as projected by a 
SOMO official at the OPEC meeting last week.
Bayoil has reportedly signalled that Iraqi exports are likely to resume 
normal levels by the end of the month.  However, sources advise that Bayoil 
is considered to be an unconventional player compared to the traditional 
major lifters of Iraqi crude, and it is an especially aggressive buyer of 
Iraqi oil.  It may be willing to do business with Iraq sooner than the more 
established players.  Therefore, it might be incorrect to assume that firms 
are ramping up Iraqi liftings across the board based solely on indications 
from Bayoil.
Iraq averaged around 600,000 b/d in December.  According to news reports, 13 
mb of Basra Light and 4 mb of Kirkuk have been exported so far in January 
Where is my LNG map?
Right.  Sorry for the confusion
Margaret Daffin
01/22/2001 12:37 PM
I was told that this individual would be coming to the US to work under your 
direction.  I just wanted you to know that we are beginning with the visa 
process in order to bring him into the US to work.  Sorry for any 
inconvenience caused.
Margaret
why was I on the distribution list?
Margaret Daffin
01/22/2001 12:18 PM
Ranendra:  I have been asked to begin the visa process for the above 
individual, located in India.
I believe Mr. Shrivastava has been working as Assistant Manager with Enron 
since May 10, 1998.  If this is correct, we will be able to bring him into 
the US on an L1 intracompany visa under the Blanklet L for Enron 
Can you please let me have an email address for him so that I can send him 
the required visa questionnaire to begin the process.
Many thanks
Margaret
713-345-5083
I can not open this file.
Jeff
Maureen Raymond@
01/21/2001 05:19 PM
Sent by: Gwyn Koepke@
Please find attached the GMM dated 19 January 2001.
Maureen Raymond-Castaneda and
Gwyn Koepke
Are the amounts below you've outlined (in tons) significant in this market, 
and in their local markets?  Jeff
Robert Johnston
02/26/2001 01:33 PM
INDONESIAN COFFEE- STRONG BEARISH- FUNDS LACKING FOR RETENTION
The Finance Minister, Prijadi Praptosuhardjo IS saying that the government 
has no
money to finance the retention plan.
According to a source close to AEKI, the government has not contacted the
association at all. Another possible sore point is the interest rates
charged by the banks for coffee retention. So far there has been no
indication that favorable interest rates will be extended to AEKI. Some are
concerned that the rate will be higher than that charged by the private
banks. Due to the tension which exists on these issues, AEKI has threatened
the government that if the money is not chanelled before April they will
release 10,500 tons of coffee in their retained stock from the warehouses in
Lampung and Medan.
There are people who believe that 10,500 tons is "just the tip of the
iceberg." There is more than 7,500 tons in stock in Lampung alone, according
to an important domestic farmer in Lampung,  who is close to our source. In
fact the farmer estimates that Lampung itself has more than 10,000 tons and
there are another 4,000 to 5,000 tons in Medan.
VIETNAM COFFEE- STRONG BEARISH- VIETNAMESE DUMPING "PHANTOM STOCKS" IN 
NEIGHBORING MARKETS
Our primary source comments that in his opinion, it may be true that there
are additional stocks over the 150,000 tons as reported. Cambodia has been
used as a dumping ground for Vietnam's extra quota sales.
Upon investigation, our source learned that it is true that there are some
excess stocks stored in Vietnam. He was informed by a source that the
Vietnamese plan to release the stocks into Cambodia and also China to sponge
up the excess supplies. They command a fixed price in the black markets of
those countries and provide much needed foreign exchange to the Vietnam
government. The secondary source said that this is common practice for
Vietnam and they have done this for other cash commodities like Cashewnuts.
The source does not know the exact figures, but estimates the excess to be
30,000 to 40,000 tons more than what has been acknowledged by the
government.
Cool.  They sell their music CD's at the front desk.  They may even have two 
out.  Would you mind picking them up for me?  I'll pay you back, I promise If you have time, check out the gym/pool/message in the basement of the 
hotel--it's great.  Also try to get a room overlooking the interior 
courtyard, and don't change money at the hotel--they'll bend you as only the 
french can. 
Have a great time.....and definitely hang out in the lounge of the hotel.
Jeff.
PS, would you mind swinging over to the Hermes and pick me up a 
briefcase?--they're about $5,000 or so.  Great, thanks. 
Daniel Diamond
02/22/2001 12:42 PM
Hotel Costes here I come!
why was I on the distribution list?
Margaret Daffin
01/22/2001 12:18 PM
Ranendra:  I have been asked to begin the visa process for the above 
individual, located in India.
I believe Mr. Shrivastava has been working as Assistant Manager with Enron 
since May 10, 1998.  If this is correct, we will be able to bring him into 
the US on an L1 intracompany visa under the Blanklet L for Enron 
Can you please let me have an email address for him so that I can send him 
the required visa questionnaire to begin the process.
Many thanks
Margaret
713-345-5083
where is the hard copy of this?  I need it today to review with skilling also on the from line, please make it from george and myself 
Jeff
Frank Prejean
01/22/2001 11:07 AM
Frank
3-6362
huh?
Becky Spencer
01/22/2001 10:47 AM
Employees who attended the ENA sponsored class below and need CPE credit to=20
be added to your transcripts will need to forward their social security=20
numbers to Gracie Presas.
=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D
Please reserve Thursday, October 19, 2000 from 8:30 a.m. to 3:30 p.m. to=20
participate in our third annual oil spill training program.  Some of you were=20
part of the task force that helped to design the Oil Spill Crisis Management=20
Plan, and it is well recognized that periodic training is an essential part=20
of implementing the Plan.  The training program (8:30 a.m. - noon) and a=20
brief tabletop exercise (1:00 p.m.- 3:00 p.m.) are being designed by ENA=20
Legal and Enron Global Markets Commercial Support (Scott Earnest and Kevin=20
Sweeney), and our oil spill consultant, Robert J. Meyers and Associates, Inc.=20
Typically, these types of programs run for 3 or 4 days, but we have condensed=20
the curriculum so that we can get sufficiently trained in 3/4's of a day.  We=20
believe that this intensive training effort will give us all a chance to=20
learn more about the Plan and the role that each of us are assigned.  The=20
company=01,s success in dealing with a future spill crisis will depend on how=20
well we are prepared to perform in such circumstances.
The training is scheduled to occur in Houston in the Enron Building in Room=20
49C1.  If any other person in your group should be included in this program,=20
please let Nony Flores know at ext. 37541 and we will add them to the list. =20
A full copy of the Plan will be distributed during training. =20
Thanks again for your participation in this very important effort.
,
Alan Aronowitz
Harry Collins
Kevin Sweeney
Scott Earnest
make it so.  who is this shawna johnson person?
Sarah Mulholland
01/19/2001 03:59 PM
done.  then theres 4 and i think thats good if we get around 45 at the 
presentation like we did in the fall.  It s agood mix with miguel in 
broadband trading, me in global markets, and gerardo in structuring.
sarah
launch jeff, and I'll let you decide who else really needs to be there.
Sarah Mulholland
01/19/2001 03:56 PM
nope.  that was my last minute all i had was gerardo and i and had begged 
everyone at the last minute attempt.  i'll call him now,
sarah
do we need jeff snyder?
Sarah Mulholland
01/19/2001 03:50 PM
Ok, Sarah Wesner is not attending and Beth has to come so I've got little 
choice.  I can cut off one more but everyone said no at first and then just 
came back and said yes.  Initially I was going to have to speak so it was 
going to be 4 people and then you can go to speak so that makes 5.  Beth 
included is 6.
Sarah
Do we really need 7 people to attend this event?
Hi!
I apologize for the changes.  Jeff Shankman will now be joining us and he is 
added to the event sheet.  You each now have your own confirmation number Again, review the event sheet and confirm your hotel dates and contact me 
with any changes.  If you should have any questions regarding the itinerary 
please do not hesitate to call.
Have fun!
Shawna Johnson
Recruiting Coordinator
58369
I'll work with sarah in coming up with the final list
Hey Jeff, 
I don't know--- you tell me?  How many people would you like to attend and 
who out of the listed participants would you like to attend?  I will be more 
than happy to give those a call who  you feel no longer need to 
participate.   When I spoke with Sarah M.  she was trying to get Sarah W. to 
come.  Sarah W.  is not confirmed therefore she can easily be removed from 
this event.  Let me know what you would like to do 
Shawna
Jeffrey A Shankman@ECT
01/19/2001 03:41 PM
Do we really need 7 people to attend this event?
Hi!
I apologize for the changes.  Jeff Shankman will now be joining us and he is 
added to the event sheet.  You each now have your own confirmation number Again, review the event sheet and confirm your hotel dates and contact me 
with any changes.  If you should have any questions regarding the itinerary 
please do not hesitate to call.
Have fun!
Shawna Johnson
Recruiting Coordinator
58369
launch jeff, and I'll let you decide who else really needs to be there.
Sarah Mulholland
01/19/2001 03:56 PM
nope.  that was my last minute all i had was gerardo and i and had begged 
everyone at the last minute attempt.  i'll call him now,
sarah
do we need jeff snyder?
Sarah Mulholland
01/19/2001 03:50 PM
Ok, Sarah Wesner is not attending and Beth has to come so I've got little 
choice.  I can cut off one more but everyone said no at first and then just 
came back and said yes.  Initially I was going to have to speak so it was 
going to be 4 people and then you can go to speak so that makes 5.  Beth 
included is 6.
Sarah
Do we really need 7 people to attend this event?
Hi!
I apologize for the changes.  Jeff Shankman will now be joining us and he is 
added to the event sheet.  You each now have your own confirmation number Again, review the event sheet and confirm your hotel dates and contact me 
with any changes.  If you should have any questions regarding the itinerary 
please do not hesitate to call.
Have fun!
Shawna Johnson
Recruiting Coordinator
58369
do we need jeff snyder?
Sarah Mulholland
01/19/2001 03:50 PM
Ok, Sarah Wesner is not attending and Beth has to come so I've got little 
choice.  I can cut off one more but everyone said no at first and then just 
came back and said yes.  Initially I was going to have to speak so it was 
going to be 4 people and then you can go to speak so that makes 5.  Beth 
included is 6.
Sarah
Do we really need 7 people to attend this event?
Hi!
I apologize for the changes.  Jeff Shankman will now be joining us and he is 
added to the event sheet.  You each now have your own confirmation number Again, review the event sheet and confirm your hotel dates and contact me 
with any changes.  If you should have any questions regarding the itinerary 
please do not hesitate to call.
Have fun!
Shawna Johnson
Recruiting Coordinator
58369
Do we really need 7 people to attend this event?
Hi!
I apologize for the changes.  Jeff Shankman will now be joining us and he is 
added to the event sheet.  You each now have your own confirmation number Again, review the event sheet and confirm your hotel dates and contact me 
with any changes.  If you should have any questions regarding the itinerary 
please do not hesitate to call.
Have fun!
Shawna Johnson
Recruiting Coordinator
58369
Great.  If not, have a great weekend.  (Do you want me to send you that 
calculator I was telling you about?)
Alma Martinez@
01/19/2001 03:30 PM
I'll call you if I can make it 
I'm out of here at 4.  I'll have my cell on.
Alma Martinez@
01/19/2001 11:31 AM
I forgot to mention to you that Stone (my puppy, got a hold of the book you 
let me borrow.  He tore one page.  I had to put him in time-out.  He's really 
sorry!
FYI
halley k harrisburg  	02/22/2001 10:16 AM
I just wanted to thank you for your continued work on the liquids desk with 
respect to the RAC issues we face.  Mike Mcconnell and I are committed to 
growing this business and making it extremely successful, and seamless.  Your 
input is valuable and it helps me quite a bit.
Jeff
No problem about the book!  I'm sure it's a fun chew toy.  So it sounds like 
school is keeping you busy.  Let me know when you want to talk to my friend 
at Continental. 
I'm so tired from work--I'm going to watch a couple of movies tonight at 
home--the media room is all done with carpet, etc.  If you want to come over 
and watch movies and maybe eat that would be great.  Tomorrow I have friends 
in from out to town, a dinner on sunday for work, and I may be in London most 
of next week 
Alma Martinez@
01/19/2001 11:31 AM
I forgot to mention to you that Stone (my puppy, got a hold of the book you 
let me borrow.  He tore one page.  I had to put him in time-out.  He's really 
sorry!
As we continue with the India LNG issues, and grow the fundamentals research 
capabilities, I need a "map of the world" showing all LNG producers, and the 
specs of the product they produce, and all of the receiving terminals (demand 
side) in the world that match up with those specs of the producers.  (In a 
nutshell, what can go where)  Can I get this ASAP 
Thanks  
Jeff
Hi  Thor, hope you are well.  I wanted to invite you personally to our 
offsite as someone who is a country manager in a region in which EGM does 
business.  Your insight into the region, and products will be helpful to our 
businesses 
Thanks for your support.
Jeff
please print all of this. 
Are you on this distribution?  If not, please get on it. 
Thanks for the email.  I was out of the office yesterday.  I'd be happy to 
talk anytime.  During the day, after 2 pm.  At home in the evening anytime.
Jeff 
Jeff,
Trust you are well.
I wonder whether you are available for me this evening on the 'phone for
3-5 mins.
If yes, is there a preferred time?
Alan
Alan D. Lucks
please print
Grace Pierce  Please respond to Grace Pierce  Dear Jeff,
Last week I sent table solicitations to the following people:
Mr. Rock Emery
Senior Vice President, Investments
Paine Webber, Inc.
Purchased a $5,000 in 2000
Mr. Ron Hulme
McKinsey & Company
Purchased a $5,000 in 2000
Mr. Jack Cogen
President
NATSOURCE
Purchased a $10,000 in 2001
We are particularly eager to secure the $10,000 tables and up before the
end of January.  Please let me know if and when you are able to follow up 
with these contacts.  My direct line is 713-284-8262.
Thank you very much for your assistance with the Gala 2001.
Sincerely yours,
Grace Pierce
Assistant Director of Development
If you've had a corp fin class about int rates, bonds, etc, I'd take the 
Funding Investments class Have a great weekend.
Jeff
Hi Jeff-
Hope things are well with you.  Classes started here this week and I'm
still getting my schedule straigtened out.  Fortunately, I got into the
Speculative Markets course.  However, I still need to choose a second
finance class.
I have until friday at 3 PM EST to choose between FIXED INCOME (dealing
primarily with bond replication, fairly quantitative) and FUNDING
INVESTMENTS (a broad examination of how firms finance investment with
corporate securities).
Which of the two do you think would help me out the most at Enron Global
Markets?  Sorry for the short notice, but I just won the course permit
tonight!
Thanks,
Matthew
(267) 254-8985
I'll phone Jeff today.  I think he was at some management deal.  Let me know 
by Tuesday if you have not heard.  I leave for london tues. eve. and will be 
back fri 
Best,
Jeff
Nathaniel Jeppson  Jeff,
As you suggested last week, I am letting you know that I have yet to hear
from Jeff about setting something up.  I did manage to speak with Michelle
about what she is doing and I was exited about what she had to say.  let me
know how proactive I should be about getting in touch with Jeff.  Hope you
are well.
Nat
You are right, let's just do a contract.  I'll put one together.  Jeff
Sarah Mulholland
02/22/2001 07:08 AM
Last night Jennifer and I did my PRC review over dinner.  Of course 
everything went well and Jen always does criticism in the most professional 
manner.  I know you and I just talked about putting me in the trading track 
program in order to get a salary increase, but I'd also like to discuss the 
possibility of signing a contract.  I don't know if the trading track program 
is right for me since I'm already working on a  book right now and would not 
be rotating through different areas.  Please let me know when you might have 
some time to talk about this.  Thanks.
Sarah 
He's a great guy.  Would you mind following up with him soon?  I appreciate 
it.
Jeff
Nathaniel Jeppson  Jeff,
As you suggested last week, I am letting you know that I have yet to hear
from Jeff about setting something up.  I did manage to speak with Michelle
about what she is doing and I was exited about what she had to say.  let me
know how proactive I should be about getting in touch with Jeff.  Hope you
are well.
Nat
Unfortunately I will not be able to attend.  I will be in London.
Jeff
Cheryl Blissitte  Please respond to Cheryl Blissitte  A few weeks ago, we sent you a letter extending an invitation to a cocktail 
party on January 24 at the CAM and a Texas barbecue at the Fabulous Satellite 
Lounge on January 25.
We've not heard back from you as to whether or not you can attend either or 
both special events planned for the directors attending the Association of 
Art Museum Directors' meeting in Houston next week.
Could you please let me know as soon as possible if you plan to attend either 
or both of these special events! Thanks.
FYI
Eric Thode@
01/18/2001 09:30 AM
I was forwarded Enron's final rankings for RISK and Energy Power & Risk 
Management 2000 Commodity Derivatives Rankings.  I thought you might be 
interested in the results.
Eric
My sister was in town yesterday, so I took the day off 
Yes, let's.  When?
Alma Martinez@
01/18/2001 07:55 AM
Hey kid 
Let's get together soon 
Alma
5 bedrooms for a millsky?
great man...we just lifted a new pad too this past weekend...Bunker Hill 
area...sweet
fletch
Hey there.  how's it going?  I have a calculator for you that will show you 
how much your payments would be if you buy I house.  I'll show you how to use 
it--it's really easy 
Take a look at this photo.  This example was just shown in the Tate gallery 
in london.
New Gallery   - Rovner Shayara III.jpg
FYI
Vince, 
Just to keep you infromed on the nice piece done by Steve Bennett (attachment 
below)
- - - Mike 
Frank Lien@ECT
01/17/2001 10:13 AM
Good Morning,
Thank you very much for your reply on my questions regarding the rest of the 
winter season in Europe, 
it is very useful information for us to get a commentary from professionals.
It would be good to get such an extensive report from time to time, or 
whenever a major change in the weather pattern take place.
On a day to day basis, is it possible to get a short comment on your opinions 
on the weather situation in Europe.
Thank you in advance.
,
Frank Lien
Enron Europe Weather Desk
Phone +47 23 10 25 62
Frank,
Here is an outline of what Mike, Jose and I put together today concerning the 
remainder of the winter across Europe:
The Bottom Line:
Much of the continent should feature temperatures, on average, cooler than 
the past few months.  Overall temperatures should be normal to below normal 
in the February and March timeframe.  An active sub-tropical jetstream will 
continue to provide a wet pattern near the Mediterranean keeping temperatures 
on the below side of normal.  Western Europe will also see the best chances 
for colder weather intrusions as the NAO trends positive.  Even with this 
cooler trend across Europe, there are no signs that the Arctic Pool of air in 
Siberia will move westward toward eastern Europe.  Overall no extreme 
deviations from normal are expected, only a slight trend toward cooler than 
normal.
Let me Know if there is more we can do:
Steve
Stephen Bennett
Meteorologist - Research
Enron Americas
(713) 345-3661
stephen.bennett@
yes, i've been in it for a month, and will have you guys over soon 
Jeff,
Thanks for inviting me to be in the Round Table.  I think it'll be a 
success.  I'm able to make it to dinner tomorrow night for the Tiger Team 
deal.
Fletch
p.s.  did you close on your house yet?
Unfortunately, I cannot attend the meetings at noon.  Jeff
Cheryl Blissitte  Please respond to Cheryl Blissitte  Just a reminder that there is a board meeting on Monday, January 22 at 12 
Noon in the Cullen Education Resource Center.
Since this is a luncheon meeting, if you have not already done so, please do 
let me know TODAY if you are planning to attend or NOT ATTEND. I want to be 
sure to have a box lunch for everyone who is there!
Could you also include the following to all presenters: 
Also, as part of your presentations, Mike and I would like each of you to 
identify 3 to 5 companies that we are not currently doing business, but 
should be.
(Sorry for the second email, Cathy)
No, I don't have that CD.  Can I crank it up so loud in my house, and piss 
off the neighbors?  I was out til about 11:30 last night.  (another two shift 
evening).  I'm pretty close  to the point where I can't drink after 10 ish on 
a school night.  Then, my neighbors house alarm went off for over 1/2 hour at 
2:30.  Of course i called the police.  So i didn't wag my butt out of bed til 
7:30 So first party may be feb 24.  any thoughts?
I'd forward an email that has gone around a few times about your dad's girly 
friend, only then letting her know she's invited.  maybe tell her the wrong 
time.
When are you off to san fran?  I have a wallet i'm trying to have made out 
there at some stuffy, but cool store off union square.
Alexandra Saler@EES
01/17/2001 08:39 AM
how are you?  do you have the Dido CD?  if not, I am going to get it for 
you.  I love it.  Beth called, and I am going to get the Palm.  She wanted me 
to get the Blackberry, which is the new awesome one, but of course it doesn't 
work on the Enron system my dad just called and yelled at me again that he wants his bitch invited to 
my sister's shower.  he swore that she would not go, so the whole thing is so 
stupid.  I am out of invites.  can I send her an email about it?  this is the 
last thing that I have time to worry about 
what is going on with you?  I am sure that you have another crazy day.  write 
back when you can!
Thanks for the updates.  They are great.  I have a question about 
confirmation process.  How many votes in the Senate are needed to confirm The Dems are saying they may try to indefinitely delay hearings on Ashcroft How so?
Thanks for participating in the first Traders' Roundtable.  If you have not 
read "When Genius Failed" by Roger Lowenstein about the rise and fall of Long 
Term Capital, I have copies--swing by and Jennifer will get you one.  It is a 
great read 
You will get a memo this week about the next meeting 
Jeff
P.S.  Phillip, no bid for the PAllen house.
No you may not 
can i email you something that's a total HR violation?  you'll laugh 
Yes, we will ASSIST.
Before I call Don, I just want to confirm with you that your understanding is 
that we will assist EES in putting their publications on their own site.  In 
other words, Don would need to appoint his own people - an IT person to build 
the site (which we can assist with) and someone to research all their 
publications to see whether they're available electronically.  The EES Marcom 
group sent me 33 publications which they subscribe to and before I call Don 
to tell him he needs an EES person to take care of these, I want to make sure 
you and I have the same understanding.  We briefly talked about this before, 
but I want to be certain.  Thanks.
Name 
Address
Dear ______,
As requested, please find the enclosed pictures showing the damage to the 
Peter Shire Teapot shipped to me from Historical Design in New York City.  I 
have retatined all original packing, the box, and the Fed Ex slip, as well as 
the piece itself if you need further information 
I appreciate your speedy attention to this claim.  If I can be of further 
assistance, please call.  You may also reach Daniel Morris at Historical 
Design at (212) 593 4528 for more information as well 
FYI
The Agenda from our meeting with Andy on Nov 7.
Doug
All-
Pursuant to our meeting yesterday, regarding the captioned matter, I have 
prepared a brief summary of the general issues, which are likely to be of 
interest to EOL and may be discussed in the meeting today with Andy Zipper.
Please feel free to add any points that you deem appropriate.
1.  The Links:
A link from Envera's site to EOL will be created.  The link would only be to 
the home page of EOL.   There would be no effect upon normal EOL vetting 
procedures for counterparties.
A link from Envera's site to Deal Bench will be created.  Again the link 
would only be to the home page of Deal Bench.  The Envera member companies 
would be required to follow normal Deal Bench registration of participants, 
however, such parties during 1Q 2000, would be permitted to engage in two 
free transactions on Deal Bench, with a maximum of 25 such free transactions 
in total. Presently, it is still under consideration as to whether such 
access would be to the auction area, or the collaboration area, or some 
variation thereof.  The fees to be charged post 1Q 2000 are under 
consideration.
2.  Trades
On a case-by-case basis, with no preexisting commitment, EGM would consider 
requests from Envera customers to make trades on a contingent basis on EOL In the event that such trade is considered promising, then such pricing would 
be posted on EOL.  This would be free for the first 12 months, but thereafter 
such service would be provided for a fee.
3.  Envera Membership and Enron Services as Consideration for Envera Equity
EGM would pay between $300-500k for the ability to utilize the Envera hub to 
do deals for the period of [one year].
Some portion of the fee may also be considered as payment for equity in 
Envera LLC.  The Enron services provided (points 1. and 2. above, as well as 
access to Enron risk management and utility outsourcing ) will also be 
considered as payment for some portion of the Envera LLC equity.  The total 
equity received, is anticipated to be around five percent and the 
capitalization of the company is believed to be around $50,000,000.  The 
breakdown for the consideration for the equity still needs to be reviewed 
from the accounting side.
4.  Board Seat Considerations
Discussion regarding Enron obtaining an Envera Board seat has been 
discussed.  The fiduciary risks need to be considered, as we may be 
restricted in competing with Envera, unless certain steps are taken.  For 
example, if Commodity Logic were to be considered a competitor to Envera, 
unless we had the specific right to compete we could be subject to suit by 
Envera.  These risks may be negated through negotiation 
The upside here would be the ability to have access to executives of certain 
petrochemical companies who are also shareholders in Envera and have Board 
seats.  It is believed that this type of access would likely lead to more 
deals for EGM and potentially for other Enron entities.
Unrelated to the Board seat, other promotional activities relating to Enron's 
services are foreseen through activities at Trade Shows and other networking 
venues.
5.  Building Connectivity Between Envera and Enron
It will be necessary to consider what activities, from the technical side, 
would be undertaken by Envera and what activities would be undertaken by 
Enron, to achieve the stated objectives, i.e. linking.
6.  Press Release
Envera is likely to want to make a public statement regarding this 
transaction with Enron.  The restrictions on the scope of such announcement 
must be considered.
I hope this is helpful.
John
John Viverito
11/06/2000 01:45 PM
Doug/Alan/Travis
I have reserved EB 38C1 at 4:00 p.m. today to discuss the captioned matter.
I look forward to seeing you there.
Thanks,
John Viverito
With whom is this meeting?  I may be in London next week.  I'll keep you 
informed.
jonathan.arginteanu@bnpparibas.com on 01/15/2001 10:21:21 AM
Jeff:
As Brian may have told you, I am now based in London.  I remain responsible 
for
all BNP Paribas commodity brokerage.
I am writing to inquire if Enron would be interested in comparing and 
discussing
its experience in commodity exchanges, electronic markets and related matters.
As you know, the exchange (IPE/NYMEX) business is on the verge of electronic
transformation, your views on this and associated issues would be invaluable 
to
us.  I have two objectives in mind for such a discussion.  Firstly, I wish to
insure that BNP Paribas continue to provide Enron with a useful service.
Secondly, perhaps there is potential of commercial collaboration in this area.
Please let me know if you would be interested in a meeting.
with 
Jonathan Arginteanu
Managing Director
BNP Paribas Commodity Futures
+44 (0) 207 595 8800
___________________________________________________________
This message and any attachments (the "message") are intended solely for
the addressees and are confidential.  If you receive this message in error,
please delete it and immediately notify the sender.
Any use not in accord with its purpose, any dissemination or disclosure,
either whole or patial, is prohibited except formal approval.
The internet can not guarantee the integrity of this message.  BNP PARIBAS
(and its subsidiaries) shall (will) not therefore be liable for the message
if modified.
Ce message et toutes les pieces jointes (ci-apres le "message") sont
etablis a l'intention exclusive de ses destinataires et sont confidentiels.
Si vous recevez ce message par erreur, merci de le detruire et d'en avertir
immediatement l'expediteur.
Toute utilisation de ce message non conforme a sa destination, toute
diffusion ou toute publication, totale ou partielle, est interdite, sauf
autorisation expresse.
L'internet ne permettant pas d'assurer l'integrite de ce message, BNP
PARIBAS (et ses filiales) decline(nt) toute responsabilite au titre de ce
message, dans l'hypothese ou il aurait ete modifie.
___________________________________________________________
In order:
If the A/A program will pay, otherwise, get with my asst Jennifer, and she'll 
help you out with cost allocations.
I have your pitcher, and will bring it to the office.
I'll be happy to have you sit with some of the traders.  Any commodities in 
particular?
I'll try to go to dinner--I may end up with a conflict.
Jeff
Thanks again for hosting the BBQ on Saturday night.  Your house was Couple of 
things 
Where should we charge all of the expenses for the weekend?  Should we charge 
them to recruiting or to your cost center?  If we should charge your cost 
center, what is it?
I think that I left my glass pitcher at your house Saturday night - can I 
come pick it up one night this week?
A while back I mentioned to you that I wanted to spend a day with a gas or 
power trader to understand more about our trading business.  Could you help 
me set that up?  Also, are there any materials that I can look at in advance 
to help me get up to speed or understand what's going on?
Are you planning on going to the dinner Thursday night for the Tiger Teams?
Michele Nezi Marvin
Manager
Enron Broadband Services
(713)853-6848
please run the following three simulations.  Crude books alone, the 24/7 book 
alone, and the two together.  Thanks.  Jeff
Bradley Samuelson@
01/16/2001 09:53 AM
Please get on this distribution if needed.  Thanks.  Jeff
Amanda Huble@
02/20/2001 04:35 PM
Thank you, 
Amanda Huble 
713-853-4384
yes
Robert Johnston
01/16/2001 08:35 AM
Jeff- I imagine you are following events in California with some degree of 
closeness.  Do you want to be included on these daily updates?
RJ
Robert Johnston
01/15/2001 09:10 PM
As talks continued toward the Tuesday deadline markets have been focused on 
for the California electricity crisis, state officials around Governor Gray 
Davis have
toughened up their rhetoric on a couple of fronts even as they confirmed 
they would be in the market as early as Tuesday taking bids for energy to be 
paid by the
State of California. One problem on that front is still how much producers 
want to charge the state for electricity. As we reported last week, Davis and 
his aides
want to pay around $50 to $55 dollars per megawatt hour and suppliers want 
about $75. Treasury Secretary Summers has suggested an auction as the best 
way to
determine the price, but California officials are taking a less free market 
approach and still hope to set the price through negotiation over long-term 
contracts.
Our sources in Washington, Sacramento, and California are increasingly of the 
view that Governor Davis is positioning his government to establish long-term 
power contracts with the generators that could be passed through to the 
utilities following a bankruptcy in the near term.  This week's legislative 
activities
in Sacramento will create the vehicle to do so.   State credit backing 
purchases of power would obviate the need for super-priority borrowing to 
finance power 
purchases after utility bankruptcy.
1. Audit- Untangling Utility Relationships
California officials have also toughened their rhetoric on the debt repayment 
front as they say results from a preliminary audit show that 
half of the $9 to $12 billion  the utilities say they owe is actually owed to 
themselves for power they bought from their corporate relations
This strange situation is due to the fact that one holding company owns both 
the power-generating and power-distributing companies under a 
holding company umbrella. Of course, that means that some of the power PG&E 
and Southern California Edison bought at highly inflated prices 
was bought from themselves. 
But it was not all bad news in the tense negotiations. Sources confirm that 
Davis increasingly understood that the state finance role was a crucial part 
of any 
potential solution. He told our sources this afternoon that he is willing to 
use state credit to eliminate the "risky debt" premium that PG&E 
and SCE are being charged by suppliers because of their shaky finances and 
that he is willing to extend the current 10% rate increase
utility customers are paying far beyond the initial 90-day deadline. In 
return he is demanding that the companies prepare to "share the 
burden of debt reduction in return for state help and credit extension."
2. Debt Restructuring- Guarantees, but No Direct State Money
Davis also told the videoconference that he believes the $12 billion in back 
debt owed by the utility companies can be cleared up
during a 90-day forbearance period (whether that period has been agreed to by 
all creditors is not something we are clear about right now). Davis' idea, as
he laid it out in the meeting, is to use the forbearance period to securitize 
the debts and sell them against the utilities' forward rate base or by 
establishing a
medium-term repayment plan backed by continued state guarantees. 
In both cases the restructured debt would be resolved over a decade without 
direct use of taxpayer money as the utilities use their positive margins to
paydown their debt. One of the reasons Davis wants to stay close to the 
$50-$55 megawatt charge is that it maximizes the rate at which utilities can 
pay
down this debt. There is a strong chance that Davis will agree to use state 
guarantees to sweeten the pot at the end of these negotiations, but he remains
opposed to using direct state money. This frustrates both Clinton 
administration and utility creditors, but Davis has not yet shown much 
flexibility.
3. Eminent Domain/Reregulation
Perhaps most frustrating to the Washington DC free market crowd at Treasury 
and the White House was the continued comfort Davis and his group of political
advisers have with "non-market" solutions to the energy crisis. Although 
the Governor's aides actually believe the weapon is more a "way to force 
eventual
agreement, than an actual solution," the talk returns frequently to these 
non-market mechanisms. "We have the ultimate weapon to enforce compliance by 
the
Tuesday deadline. If we make no progress. If this thing looks like it will 
turn into a genuine crisis, then we will use our powers of condemnation and 
we will re-take
the plants and equipment and run them ourselves," a close political aide to 
Davis said. "We will absorb the plants, the transmission lines and the 
reserved parking
places of the executives. The legislature would agree in a second."
please print
Enron Shipping Services Weekly report 02/2001
Highlight
The cape market continues to slide ever southward with owners unable to 
repeat last done on rates obtained.  Richards bay to Rotterdam rates have 
fallen about $2 in 45 days ( key coal route )  and Brazil to China rates have 
fallen $3 in the same period ( key iron ore route ) which has owners running 
for cargo  coverage.  However charterers smell blood and are not willing to 
enter into freight contracts ( Edf trading and NCSC  are playing spot and so 
are we ).  Even the mighty Bocimar seems unable to turn the tide and are 
offering us cheap rates on the quiet as they keep playing their vessels spot 
and are  being run over.  The average cape rate has lost $ 4200 from its peak 
and hangs around $20,400 presently.  To get cargo contracts for the balance 
of the year an owner has to fix his vessel at around $16,000 to get 
charterers willing to agree.  The downward fall is the result of two 
concurrent market shifts 1- coal shipments into Europe have slowed 2- market 
is predicting that sometime in Q1 2001 , Japanese steel mills will cut back 
on production and reduce their raw material imports.  As a result, you have 
on one side, Japanese vessel owners panicking as they fear that their main 
account ( Japan ) will not need their vessels shortly and you have the 
European owners also worried as they are seeing their utilities postponing 
their coal requirements.  Furthermore, the holiday season in Asia is 
approaching and little activity is predicted for the next few weeks.
On the panamax front, the outlook is still very bleak as you now have about 
two new buildings being launched per week in a market which is currently well 
balanced.  In the spot market, the Atlantic is weak as the grain out of the 
US gulf is slow as the main rivers are frozen upstream and the vessels have 
little to load.  In the east the market is strong as there is a flurry of 
grain activity but in the paper market, February is already traded at a big 
discount to Jan as people predict a quick slowdown in the activity as Asia 
goes on holiday.
On the long term strucutred front, last week we agreed to charter a new cape 
building starting in late 2003 for 10 years with an option for an 11th, 12 
th, 13 th and 14 th year.  Furthermore, we have the option to buy the vessel 
after year 3 at a fixed agreed Japanese yen amount ( if currency goes our 
way, we buy the vessel dirt cheap !!!).  The counterparty in Mitsui, a big 
and financially strong Japanese company.  The deal is still subject a few 
details but we hope to be able to book this deal within the next 5 months 
when the ship building contract will be drawn up.
Also last week we had about 6 banks over a period of three days come to our 
office to discuss possible opportunities in the shipping world and to get 
them to trade on EOL.  Larry Lawyer and Simon Crowe organized the meetings 
and we expect a few of these leads to pay off sometime this year.
Market
Short term	Medium term	Long Term
Handy Max	Down	Down	Down
Panamax	Flat	Flat	Down
Cape Size	Down	Down	Down
Cape
Average time charter rate: $ 20,400
Spot RBCT/Rotterdam: $ 9.30
Spot Tubaro/China: $11.30
Spot Bolivar/Rotterdam: $ 7.35
Panamax
Average time charter rate: $ 11,200
Spot US Gulf/Japan: $21.20
Deals Done
Physical Freight
ECS freight 
Fixed a Cape from Keoyang from RBCT/Hunterstone at $9.40
Fixed a Panamax from Norden from Drummond/Liverpool at $ 8.50
Fixed a Panamax from Transfield from Santa marta to Hit at $10.20
Fixed out a panamax to transfield on time charter which was spot open in US 
gulf
Third parties freight deals
Sold 4 Cape cargoes to Eastern Rich from Brazil to China at $9.80
OTC 
FFA s
Numerous swaps on both the Cape and Panamax routes
EOL
Traded with Cargill, Edf trading, Navios and have now traded over 3 million 
tons LTD
Travels
Pierre will be in Paris on Monday but Andy and I should be in all week.
Chris
please send a copy  of this letter to Pierre 
understand that mosk have now received your fax, many thanks for having done 
it, and have replied. for my file before going into the meeting could you 
copy me with your fax and their reply ?
thanks in advance 
pierre 
Thanks for your help.  Jeff
Drew C Lynch
01/13/2001 06:05 AM
Jeff,
I will find out the details on this end and take the necessary steps to 
correct.
DCL
Hi Drew, hope the London digs are working out 
I have a HR problem that we need to address immediately.  Today we let Britta 
Dinndahl go.  Her termination was a case study in how to screw up a 
termination.  She was let back onto the trading floor where she called and 
email people telling them about her termination.  I understand from Chris 
Mahoney that (neither Nigel nor) Yvonne Scoroer was ready to handle this 
today, even though they had been briefed many times about her upcoming 
termination.  It wasn't until early afternoon that I called Phillipe Bibi to 
tell him of her termination, when she was taken off system access 
In addition Yvonne has had Erik Hansen's contract for over three weeks and 
has not produced paper for Erik to sign.  It was my hope to have him under 
contract before the bonus period.  Further Jen Fraser was trying to hire 
Andrew Hill as a new employee for the Fundamentals group in London, and on 
three occasions Yvonne told Jonny Palmer that she would get an offer letter 
to him "today".  It took three weeks.
Obviously these are extremely serious lapses, and I do not want Yvonne 
involved in any more Enron Global Markets.  Cindy and Shanna have done a 
heroic job for us in the U.S. and they have been extremely frustrated with 
their counterparts in London.
Thanks for addressing this issue.
Jeff
I can't open this file.
Chris Cockrell@_DEVELOPMENT
01/12/2001 09:55 PM
Cindy/Jeff -
Attached are my latest inputs into GCS for your employees.  Please let me 
know if changes are required.
Thanks - CCF
713-646-8357 (w)
713-516-8428 (c)
FYI. 
Jeff
Borislav Feschiev@
01/12/2001 03:37 PM
Mr. Shankman,
I want to meet you to discuss ideas about Global LNG and a product that I 
have developed.
Please let me know a time when we can meet!
Thank you,
Boris Feschiev
Great.  Have my asst set it up.
Jeff
Borislav Feschiev@
01/12/2001 03:37 PM
Mr. Shankman,
I want to meet you to discuss ideas about Global LNG and a product that I 
have developed.
Please let me know a time when we can meet!
Thank you,
Boris Feschiev
Howdy, how's it going today?
Sorry bubbie, it's been a freas show here.  No time to talk, but I will 
attend to the invoices immediately.
Hi Jeff:
?
Hope you're doing great, everything is pointing  towards your company making 
more money than the rest of the Dow combined this  year ?
We have two open invoices for you, which I've  attached for your 
convenience.? We also have a lot of bills to pay.?  Can you take care of 
these please?? Thank you in advance.
?
I know you wanted to send back the Rousseau hanger  and the Galle mushroom 
ceramic.? I spoke with my Dad, and he said it's ok  to send it back to us to 
sell for you.
?
We want to ship you all the fabulous objects you've  acquired here, when can 
we do that?
?
How's your new home?
?
Ben
Great.  Thanks.    Jeff
Grace Pierce  Please respond to Grace Pierce           Reply to:   Re: Contemporary Arts Museum Gala 2001
Jeffrey.A.Shankman wrote:
Jeff,
Thank you for your response.  In the interest of time, I will put a 
solicitation letter in the mail, signed by the Chairs (Claudia Lummis and 
Isabel Lummis) >and send a cc to you for follow up.
Please let me know if there is a problem with this approach otherwise I 
will send it and stay in touch with you about following up.
Again, many thanks for your assistance.