Hey guys - I am going to have a July 4th celebration at my house (but not on 
the 4th - it will be on the 3rd - Monday).  Kids are welcome, although I 
can't promise things will remain under control all day 
I am going to get a keg of beer for us, but feel free to bring your beverage 
of choice.  I thought we would grill burgers and hot dogs - so just bring 
your own meat, and I will take care of all the sides.  Feel free to bring 
whatever you want for munchies....plan on an all day/night affair!
Call me if you need directions!  Let me know if you can make it so I can make 
sure I have enough food and drinks!
By the way, I do not have any furniture downstairs, so bring lawnchairs!
Darron,
I am forwarding to you some info on the NSS transaction.  I don't know if you 
are interested or not but here it is.
Tim,
The document attached directly below this verbage is what I included to our 
risk folks as we discovered
that the way we were booking NSS was not correct.  Below this attachment is 
our risk director's independent
solution to the problem; you will note that it is the same conclusion that we 
(Richard and myself) came up with
(see the e-mail I sent at the very bottom of this e-mail 
Hopefully this will help.
Kevin
Kevin, your not going to believe me but as soon as I got your revised E-Mail, 
I had the answer for you.
Richard, Lee, and myself met this afternoon and reviewed the memo I prepared 
intending to find and propose a solution
to our existing valuation problem.   We think we have the answer.  We would 
appreciate any comments from our risk experts.
The following change to our existing deal is what we think will solve the 
problem.  All that we are doing is changing the fixed
price on Legs 2 and 3 to 0.  If you refer to the example mentioned in my 
earlier memo, you will note that the p/l attributable to 
this deals should be 52,777; by changing these legs to 0 we accomplish this 
end result 
I look forward to any feedback any of you may have to offer.
Stephanie,
We are breaking up our Central Midcon region into two books beginning July 
1.  To facilitate this, Sitara has set up two new internal books:  ENA-IM Mid 
Central South & ENA-IM Mid Central North.  It would be helpful if we could 
have any physical June EOL deals continue to be booked to ENA-IM Central but 
all physical July-out deals booked to the new books.  The two traders 
involved are Kelli Stevens and Ed Smith.
Kelli Stevens ENA-IM Mid Central South
Ed Smith ENA-IM Mid Central North
Please let me know if there is anything else I need to do to expedite this 
request.  Thanks for your help.
DG    3-9573