Great.  We will call you at 2PM (1PM our time).
--
Jim Nusbaum             rjn@predict.com
Chief Technology Officer
Prediction Company
phone: 505-984-3123     fax: 505-983-0571
Dear Mr. de la Fuente,
I appreciate the  invitation to the
conference on Ten  Years of Electricity Deregulation and Restructuring.
I shall be able to make a decision next week.
Vince Kamnski
Dear Mr. Kaminski:
I assume that Prof. Oren has sent to you an e-mail in which he  informed of our ongoing purpose of organizing an international conference on Ten  year of Electricity Deregulation and Restructuring. He attached a very  preliminary agenda as well with all the people and lectures committed  already.
I would like to formally invite you to come to Spain by  December 17-18 to give a lecture of around 45 minutes on the key  issues that operators and energy services and trading companies are confronting  in assessing the risk chain in the new deregulated environment business:  adequacy risks, trading risk management, capacity markets, etc.
Regarding budget and expenses, I can allocate $2.500,  plus a bonus should we break even, to cover your traveling and emoluments.  We will take care of the lodging as well.
Please feel free to contact me if you need further details. As  soon as we have some more formal description of the Conference and a first  definitive schedule I will send it to you.
Let me have your response whenever you are able to do  so.
.
Jos? Luis de la Fuente
Iberdrolajl.delafuente@iberdrola.es  
Vince
It seems that Risk are getting out of the book publishing business to concentrate on their journals.  I have established contact with the senior commissioning editor for Wiley, who is interested in working with us to publish something like our joint Risk publication (Managing Energy Price Risk), as well as a similar title on metals.
I'm due to go on holiday from tomorrow for a couple of weeks.  Would you be interested in following up with her, or should I continue when I return from my break?
(Vince - Something you may not be aware of is that I'm moving over to trade oil derivatives when I return from my holiday for Niamh Clarke/John Nowlan.)
Given that I'm getting out of the metals business it would be appropriate for someone else to pick up the metals price risk book proposal, though I am happy to continue with it if Joe wishes.
Steve
Dear Steve
It was a pleasure meeting up with you again last week.  I enjoyed our
meeting and found it most informative - thanks for the tour of the various
trading floors.
As discussed, I would be most interested in pursuing a book on metals
trading, and more broadly, various books on the quantitative aspects of
energy trading (& related commodities). Wiley is renowned for the depth and
breadth of its finance publishing and, in particular, well-respected for
the more quantitative part of our finance list.  Such titles include
Rebonato's 'Interest Rate Option Models'; Willmott's 'Paul Willmott on
Quantitative Finance'; Taleb 'Dynamic Hedging'; Saunders 'Credit Risk
Measurement'; James/Webber 'Interest Rate Modelling'; Caouette et al
'Managing Credit Risk'; Carol Alexander's 'Risk Management' and so on.
One area that we are interesting in publishing in is in the area of energy,
in its broadest sense.  Enron is obviously a key player in this market, and
we would certainly welcome exploring various options in terms of publishing
books with Enron, Enron employees or as part of a collaboration with
various industry players.
Wiley is a publisher with an international reputation.  Within finance we
commission product from the US, Europe and Asia, under the Wiley Finance
umbrella.  A key part of our publishing strategy is to present our titles
as a seamless whole, with global sales, marketing and distribution.  Our
various sales channels include teams dedicated to servicing the needs of
the booktrade; online accounts; corporates; libraries, universities and the
increasing number of e-content providers (e.g. NetLibrary; Fat Brain etc.)
Topics of interest that initially spring to mind include:
Managing Metals Price Risk
Managing Energy Price Risk
Weather Risk Management
Books on trading, risk management etc. for specific commodities
(broadband; electricity, natural gas, oil etc.)
When we met you discussed the possibility of putting together a book
proposal on metals, with your team at Enron.  I very much hope that you
decide to pursue this further.  For your information, I have attached our
standard new book proposal form below, as a guideline.  Finally, you also
planned on speaking with Vince Kaminski about other publishing
opportunities and book ideas.  I would be more than happy to follow up with
Vince myself if you thought this appropriate.
Once again,   last Thursday. I very much look forward to
hearing from you.
All best wishes
Sam
Samantha Whittaker
Senior Publishing Editor, Finance
John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
Direct T: +44 (0)1243 770643
Mobile: 07764335111
New Book Proposal Form
1.  A statement of the purpose and main features of the proposed book - its
raison d'etre. (e.g. why the need for such a book; size of market;
inclusion of case studies and so on).
2.  A note of the specific types of readership the book would attract, and
why.  For example, a definition of the type of practitioner who would be
interested in the book, including job titles.
3.  Notes comparing the nearest existing books which might be thought
related or competitive.  How would your book differ?
4.  A list of chapters, with brief notes on the content of each chapter
plus an estimate of the approximate length.
5. A note, if possible, of the likely illustrative content of each chapter;
the number of tables, drawings, graphs etc.
6. Author C.V.
7.  When you would hope to deliver the manuscript, assuming the project
goes to contract.
Dear Samantha,
My associate, Steve Leppard, sent me a message about a conversation he had with you 
regarding books on quantitative aspects of trading different commodities.
I shall be very glad to talk to you about different approaches we can take (books ranging from
a very general introduction to different commodity markets to highly technical treaties) and
about the contribution  Enron could make.
You can take a quick look at the book published by Risk magazine, "Managing Energy
Price Risk", 2nd edition. This collection of papers was probably the best selling book Risk published
so far. It is a good starting point to a conversation about different  options you might consider.
Please, feel free to give me a call. My direct number is 713 853 3848.
Vince Kaminski
Milind,
Here are my coordinates  in case you want to contact me
when the Enron address and phone numbers are no longer operational:
Vince Kaminski
10 Snowbird
The Woodlands, TX 77381
(281) 367 5377
vkaminski@aol com
Happy Holidays to You and George.
Vince
Billy,
Your recommendation makes sense. It's a new program and we have no data points
about its quality.
I shall inform my contact that you have already fully committed your resources
and cannot make  anymore campus trips. I shall offer to collect the resumes and distribute 
them within Enron.
Vince 
Vince,
Thanks for the note and suggestion on the campus presentation.  I'll defer to you and Traci on this 
My opinion is that I would not invest the business time and hard dollars on it, unless you see this program as a good "feeder" for your area.  My recommended path would be for you to do the speech, collect resumes, and pass out business cards.  We can then use our "direct" approach with this school, and peruse the resume book to see if there is anyone that looks like a match with our needs.  The next step would be to try to bring in some fulltime or even intern candidates and see how they perform.
Let me know if you'd like to discuss.
Thanks,
Billy
P.S.  I really appreciate you attending the dinner Wednesday night at Enron Field.
Billy,
I have received an invitation to speak to a graduating class of
the Quantitative and Computational Finance program at Georgia Tech.
The URL is included in the message below.
Would you be interested in arranging for  a presentation at this school
about the A/A Program, coinciding with my visit?
Vince
Vince,
As a follow-up to our phone conversation, I am attaching below the URL for
our QCF program here at Georgia Tech for your corporate recruiting folks.
It will be great if we could have your recruiting people meet with our
first graduating class of the QCF program.
Regarding your visit, we'd be glad to cover the coach airfare and
lodging.  How about the first week of October, say on either 10/2 or 10/4,
or the last week of October, say 10/30?  The arrangement would be that you
come in on the evening of a Monday or a Wednesday and give a seminar on a
Tuesday or a Thursday.  Please let me know what works best for
you.  Thanks.
Shijie
Shi-Jie Deng
Assistant Professor
School of ISyE
Georgia Institute of Technology
Office Phone: (404) 894-6519
E-mail:       deng@isye.gatech.edu
Home page 
Brian,
Talk  to Marge Nadasky. She
can get a discount of 15% for an Enron employee.
Vince
I am a new analyst here at Enron. I am trying to gain a thorough understanding of our business and found  the book Managing Price Risk 2nd Edition. I would like to know if Enron can help me purchase this book or had an extra copy. Thanks for your help.
Brian Merrill
This is from Rusty!
I want to thank everyone for making this an enjoyable and educational summer for me, especially the EES Research team.   If you are ever passing through Waco, please drop me a line.  Attached is my contact information.   I look forward to working with you again.
Thanks,
Rusty Parks
MBA / MSIS Candidate
rusty_parks@baylor.edu
254-666-0507
Vince,
In the light of our discussion this morning about EOL, I have investigated the possibility of taking a two-day Data Mining Course. I believe this would considerably help in coming up with ideas about how to analyse the EOL database, as well as providing some initial experience in the use of data mining tools and techniques. I found several possible courses that could prove valuable in this regard, and some of these are listed below. The first of these was recommended by Eric (Cope), and is the earliest of the courses that I could find, so I will plan on registering for it unless there is good reason not to.
1. "STATISTICAL LEARNING AND DATA MINING: from Supervised to Unsupervised Learning" - Trevor Hastie and Robert Tibshirani (both of Stanford Univeristy); to be held in Cambridge, Massachusetts, Sept. 6-7, 2001; Cost = $1,250 2. "How to Successfully Mine Data" - Dr. Richard De Veaux and Herbert Edelstein (Two Crows Corporation); to be held in Bethesda, Maryland, October 8-9, 2001; Cost = $1,195 3. "Statistical Data Mining" - Dr. Brian D. Ripley (University of Oxford, sponsored by Insightful); to be held in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, October 15-16, 2001; Cost = $1,800 4. "Tools for Discovering Patterns in Data: A Survey of Modern Data Mining Algorithms" - John Elder (of Elder Research); to be held in Charlottesville, Virginia, October 16-17, 2001; Cost = $1,195 5. "DATA MINING: LEVEL I - An intensive introduction to methods, applications and resources" - Tony Rathburn (The Modeling Agency); to be held in Dallas, Texas, November 27-28, 2001; Cost = $1,095 
Tom
Sam,
Looks great. Plz, go ahead as soon as the equations are in.
Vince
Good Morning, Vince!
Have you had a chance to look over Martin's article?  Just say the word and I'll go with it.  I would not wait for IT to do something re: Martin's equation tools.  Are you able to do it from your machine?
Sam
Please find attached a draft of the Technical Corner article.  I wanted to include the equation forms for Faraday's Law and Ampere's Law, but the equation tools are not installed on my machines.  If you like, I can try to get the added Monday morning after IT can install the equation tools.
Thanks,
Martin
Dear Mr. Kaminski:
Thank you for spending the time to talk to me on  Friday. I'm looking forwards to meeting people at Enron. Per our conversation,  I'm attaching a copy of my resume. 
I'm looking forwards to hearing from  you
Patrick Henaff
- PatrickHenaff.doc 
FYI
Vince
Vince:
I read the relibaility-based VAR method document with interest.
Here are some comments:
1. The document falls short of describing how
to use the method in practice, but rather
gives some general motivation. I am confident
that I myself could not develop an algorithm
based on this document, unless all of the
derivative valuation functions are explicit
(and rather nice) functions
with explicit derivatives of the underlying variables, in which case
the VAR problem is not so hard in any case,
as Monte Carlo is very effective in this case.
(My comment here is critical of exposition.
I do not suggest that the proposed method
is weak!)
2. The remark (p. 2) that my paper with Jun Pan
addresses only normal returns is not
correct. The main point of our paper was to allow
for jumps, including fat tails and skewness.
The comment that we rely on delta-gamma
is a good criticism,and the main potential
advantage of the reliability approach,
if it works in practical cases.
3. There is a typo at page 2, at 9 lines from
the bottom, where I presume g(T(u)), not g(T(x))
4. There is a missing `we' on page 5, 9 lines
from the bottom.
5. The remark on CPU time (page 7) does
not mention what machine was used.
6. The example (page 8) does
not really have much non-normality. Skewness=0,
and kurtosis (4) (is this excess kurtosis?)
are not much compared to most practical cases, in which kurtosis
is an extra order of magnitude, with lots
of skewness.
Overall, the paper piqued my curiosity a lot,
and left me wanting more clarity,
and a cookbook.
I hope `events' at Enron have not made things
difficult for you.
I will later bill you for one hour, if that is OK.
Warmest personal  , Darrell
 X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft Exchange V6.0.4418.65
 content-class: urn:content-classes:message
 MIME-Version: 1.0
 Subject: The first document for audit
 Date: Mon, 16 Jul 2001 12:47:45 -0500
 X-MS-Has-Attach:
 X-MS-TNEF-Correlator:
 Thread-Topic: The first document for audit
 Thread-Index: AcEOH2t+YrCeSfbQQ9uW1MfwNSwcgg=_____________________________________________
Darrell Duffie
mail  GSB Stanford CA 94305-5015 USA
phone 650 723 1976
fax   650 725 7979
email duffie@stanford.edu
web _____________________________________________
Patrick,
Thank you. I have forwarded the resume to my friend at AIG.
Vince
Dear Mr. Kaminski:
Thank you for spending the time to talk to me on  Friday. I'm looking forwards to meeting people at Enron. Per our conversation,  I'm attaching a copy of my resume. 
I'm looking forwards to hearing from  you
Patrick Henaff
- PatrickHenaff.doc  
Traci,
Thanks.
Vince
Vince  
I wanted to let you know that the recruiter for UT has changed.  Lexi Elliott is now the UT recruiter.  I have asked her to get in contact with you as soon as possible to coordinate our presentation with your visit with the Energy Finance Class
Hope all is well with you
Sincerely, 
Traci Warner
Vince,
Thanks for your help at UT.  I'll ask Traci to contact you regarding coordination of your presentation.  I appreciate you taking the time to do this.
,
Billy
Billy, 
I received a request to make a presentation to the Energy Finance class at UT this 
fall. It makes sensed to coordinate my trip with your unit presentation to 
the MBA students at the UT. Please, let me know who is the person to coordinate this request with?
Vince 
Sent:   Tuesday, July 31, 2001 5:15 PM 
Vince: 
Greetings. 
Let me once again acknowledge with thanks Enron's generosity in hosting us 
to a baseball game 7/16.  It was only upon reviewing the ticket price at 
home that I recognized just how generous Enron's hosting was. 
As we agreed July 16 - 17, I write at this time regarding the first of 
three e-mails.  In this one, I seek your annual participation in the 
Foundations of Energy Finance class at UT.  Subsequent to your 
presentation, your Public Affairs colleagues may choose to schedule a 
reception at which Enron-specific recruting, internship and other 
information may be disseminated.  For this reason, I cc Director of Public 
Affairs Mike Rosen. 
You sought a proposal of several alternate dates for your presentation.  I 
am pleased to offer the following as alternative dates:  Sep. 24, Sep. 26, 
Oct. 1, Oct. 8, Oct. 10, Oct. 15 and Oct. 17.  Let me know if your schedule 
requires a wider set of alternatives.  Also, please advise if you would 
like the entire 2 1/2 hr. (2 to 5 p.m., including breaks) time slot, or 
whether you would prefer a subset thereof. 
Once we have determined a date, and if a same-day 5 p.m. Enron reception is 
deemed desirable, I ask Mike or his designee to contact my Assist. Energy 
Finance Director Angela Dorsey at Angela.Dorsey@bus.utexas.edu (Tel 512-232-7386) to coordinate matters. 
Best, 
Ehud 
Ehud I. Ronn 
Jack S. Josey Professor in Energy Studies 
Department of Finance 
McCombs School of Business 
University of Texas at Austin 
Austin, TX. 78712-1179 
Voice:  (512) 471-5853 
FAX:   (512) 471-5073 
Internet:  eronn@mail.utexas.edu 
Please review the attached documents and provide us comments by COB  tomorrow, Wednesday, December 19, to assist in finalizing EEI  and the Alliance of Energy Suppliers  filing in the Market Based Rate  proceedings.  Attached you will find a market assessment and impact  predictions of noted economists, Bill Hogan and Steve Harvey  
If you have any questions, please do not hesitate to contact us at alliance@eei.org  or (202) 508-5098
EEI's Comments/Recommendations on Hogan/Harvey  Paper
The theoretical discussion (from the second full paragraph on page 3  through the end of page 5) should be moved to the end as a technical  appendix.  I'm concerned that if it stays in its current place, readers  will be thrown off track and maybe even stop there.
The last two paragraphs of section III.A. are very hard to read (page  7).  Whether they are necessary is a question I have not yet  considered.
Their advisement against price caps (see section V.i. at pages 19-20) will  run counter against some of our wires members.
Their recommended alternatives (section VI, pages 20-23) are only loosely  tied to my work request.  I am uncomfortable with proposals related to  plant divestiture for large sellers (pages 21-22) and minimum interconnection  standards (page 22.)
On another front, a comment came in suggesting that the definition of  incremental cost should include accelerated (physical) depreciation.
Tonja Wicks
Manager, Energy Supply Policy
Alliance of Energy  Suppliers
Edison Electric Institute
Phone: (202) 508-5098
Fax: (202)  508-5600
Fax: (202) 508-5445
- Acceler1.doc 
- EEI Mar1.doc 
- Alliance of Energy Suppliers.vcf 
Dear Mr. Kaminski:
Thank you for your interest in Two Crows. Attached as you requested is the
PDF version of our booklet "Introduction to Data Mining and Knowledge
Discovery, Third Edition." It can be read using Adobe Acrobat Reader 3.01 or
higher (downloadable free from www.adobe.com if you don't already have it).
The contents have been bookmarked for your convenience. I hope you find it
useful.
Please note that the next session of our popular two-day course, "How to
Successfully Mine Data," will be held October 8-9 in the Washington, D.C.
area. This practical, unbiased course emphasizes the real-world application
of data mining. Using sample data sets, participants help solve problems
such as identifying good credit risks and targeting prospective customers.
For details, visit our website at www.twocrows.com/dmcourse.htm. Previous
sessions have sold out, so sign up soon!
If you're looking to compare the features of specific data mining tools,
consult our Data Mining Technology Report. This publication contains
detailed vendor specifications and feature descriptions for all the leading
general-purpose data mining products. We're in the process of updating it
right now, and the new edition should be available in early autumn. Bookmark
our website -- www.twocrows.com -- and check back soon for announcements on
when the new Technology Report will be published. (The current edition is
described at www.twocrows.com/dm99tr.htm.)
Two Crows Corporation also consults on data mining to both users and
vendors. Please let us know if you'd like to explore how we can be of
further help to you.
Sincerely,
Janet Millenson
Vice President, Marketing
Two Crows Corporation
Phone: 1-301-983-9550
E-mail: jmillenson@twocrows.com
Fax: 1-301-983-3554
 I consider  attending a course you are teaching.
 Can you, please, send me an electronic version of the booklet
 "Introduction to Data Mining and Knowledge Discovery, Third Edition"