(See attached file: AnnualStats.xls)
Kyle:
Please find attached file. Transportation & Storage Revenue is right off the Earning Model Income Statement. Carlton data can be found in the Commercial Function detail within the "Database" worksheet of the Earning Model. The Cash Flow verbiage is very general related to the subject matter, but does provide a business reason on a Direct Cash Flow basis for an item buried within the Indirect Cash Flow format. Call me if you have any further questions and I will attempt to get you through them.    I can also get you set up to get even more detailed answers if you would like 
Rod Hayslett
EB4054
713-853-6178
Rod,
Thanks for the email.  Can you help me match the information in this email
to your operating plan or cash flow analysis?
Kyle
(See attached file: AnnualStats.xls)
That is understood.    He will be taking Glisan's position which had the same restrictions on it.    I don't plan on giving him any data other than daily cash positions and forecasted cash positions.   There would be no purpose in giving him E&F data. 
By the wya, Kevin needs to do the Marketing Affiliate stuff.
Rod,
There is a pending proposal to make Ray Bowen VP of Finance and Treasury.
They also want to give him a similar position on the marketing affiliates.
I just wanted to make sure that the pipelines will not give him E and F data.
Do you know how that what kind of data, if any, the pipelines will be giving to him?
Frazier
Aren't you being a little rough on her on a problem that really doesn't make any difference to Dynegy?
i don't think a detailed cash flow request is relevant. with respect to my simple yes...ene and dyn have investment grade credit ratings, positive cash flows, and indirect backing by chevron and and as such have tapped liquidity to the tune of $billion. As such they have the ability.  parent dividend policy normally extinguishes intercompany notes, and that is why we have agreed to classify the amount as a contra equity, but the subscription agreement states that nng can not declare dividends that cause the intercompany note to fall below 240mm...i interpret that to mean that be that nng will have a long term intercompany note of 240... and perhaps its reasonable to reflect it a such on the balance sheet.
pehaps you could ck w your peers on the dynegy account and see if they agree with classifying the 240 has negative equity. if your peers agree with your classification of the 240 then i believe i have sufficient support to tell my dynegy peer the same
A simple "yes" is not sufficient evidence.  I think this will be a very big
task, so you may want to put Enron Corp. Treasury on notice.  I want to see
where the money will come from that is not needed in other areas of Enron
to satisfy obligations of Enron as a whole.  This cannot include money from
NNG and TW operations, debt transactions, and Dynegy money sent to NNG.  If
this is the exercise, it may take more than 24 hours for treasury to
prepare and us to audit.
yes
Bob gave me the subscription agreement this morning.
Our one question still remains - does Enron have the ability to pay
this?
In order to remain as an asset rather than contra-equity, can you
demonstrate that Enron has sufficient funds (other than NNG and TW
operations, debt transactions, and Dynegy money sent to NNG) to repay
the
$240 million to NNG if NNG were to call upon it.  If Enron doesn't, then
the $240 should be as a contra-equity account for GAAP purposes whether
or
not you have a subscription agreement.
Let me know when you have a minute.
Thanks,
Heather
Is this somewhere in the merger agreement that we could see?  I think
the
issue for classifying it as equity is where would the funds come from.
I
know this is something Roger and Rod discussed.  Is there some other
source
of funds (other than NNG and TW operations, debt transactions, and
Dynegy
money) that we can point to as a source of funds that could be
distributed
to NNG if NNG called on it from Corp.?
fyi (i dropped an "a" from your name the first time i tried to send this
   *******************    *******************    FYI
fyi - this is reflected in the credit agreements.  Just took Saunders and his team through deal - we are going to meet again next Monday to lay out the deal and the accounting treatment.  He has a very good team.
Paul,
I need two new bank accounts set up, one for Transwestern Pipeline Company and one for Northern Natural Gas Company. Per the Credit Agreements related to the $1 billion Pipeline Financing, Citibank and JP Morgan Chase have require us to set aside $10,000,000 in a Transwestern account and $30,000,000 in Northern Natural account.  These amounts cannot ZBA up to Enron Corp.  The banks require us to set aside these amounts (equal to one month of operating expenses) and have them available in accounts that are not swept to Enron Corp.
Let me know if I need to provide you with any further information.
Thanks,
Travis
5-8404
Per you request:
Also make sure that Jeff Sommers added his name to his list.   There is a separate wind retention program.    I am not aware of the EEOS situation currently, Keith Marlow has been out of town.
ETS
Management
Rod Hayslett*
Jim Saunders*
Tracy Geaccone*
John Cobb*
Bob Chandler*
Lisa Sutton+
Patty Wiederholt*
Dan Fancler+
Tim Bayles+
Frank Carriere+
Jennifer Lev+
Financial System Support
Greg Lewis*
Staff
Kim Bragg+
Daniel Pham+
Debbie Moseley+
Mark Walton+
Rudy Elizondo+
Vince Strohmeyer+
Traci Rainbow+
Joe Villela+
Maria Cisneros+
Allen Joe+
Donna Burns+
Greg Schlender+
*Very Critical
+Critical
I am going to begin discussions with the banks as soon as we get the Phase 5 financing locked down.     I would expect that we could have it in another month, unless I run into some kind of a buzz-saw out there, and I'll let you know as soon as I do.
Rod,
When can we count on the dividend?  From El Paso's perspective; the sooner
the better.
Thx.
Greg
If necessary I can go.  I will need to be in Houston on Wednesday am.
Rod:
Are you available the beginning of next week to be in New York with the private equity team?  The interest from the potential players is high and we'd like to have 3 to 5 hour meetings with three or four different groups to discuss both the pipeline financials and the preferred structure.
I only address this message to you because I think the rest of us are committed to the private equity raising full-time and recognize that you have at least one other full-time job.
Jeff
I'm on board.
As we have discussed, this is a memo I plan to issue today that will create a vacancy in my organization (Director, Financial Planning).  Since this position is located in Omaha, I would like to immediately post internally and externally; however, I will do everything I can to use an internal candidate.  FYI, I believe Rod is on board with this.  I'll try to e-mail the job description to you today.  Let me know if you have questions.
The following is a message I would like to send out tomorrow to all NPNG and NBP Services employees, and ETS Finance and Accounting Directors and above.  Please work with system to make the distribution happen.  But, do not release until I give the go ahead!
Northern Border Partners Financial Planning Organization
Timely and accurate financial forecasting is critical to Northern Border Partners in light of recent acquisition activity and continued focus by our investment analysts on earnings and cash flow guidance for the partnership.  The following organizational changes are being implemented to improve communication and coordination in our financial planning process.=20
All financial planning functions for the Northern Border Partners entities will be centralized in my group under a new position, Director, Financial Planning, reporting to me.  Reporting to the Director, Financial Planning will be Phil Boggs,  Jay Nigh, Andy Schroeder and Cheryl Perchal.  Phil, and Jay will provide financial planning support to the Omaha based commercial functions for Northern Border Pipeline, Midwestern, Border Midstream and Black Mesa.  Commercial support for these companies, i.e. deal and business development analysis, will continue to be the responsibility of Gaye Lynn Schaffart.  Andy will be responsible for financial planning activities for Crestone/Bear Paw in Denver.  Andy will also oversee Crestone's equity investments and will continue to report to Don Baldridge with respect to those activities.  Cheryl, as Manager, ETS Risk Management, will be responsible for monitoring trading risk management activities and performing/coordinating RAC analysis on capital projects for ETS and Northern Border. =20
No, because they are in networks.
Should I include Mike Sullivan's group as part of Global Accounting? Call me if you want to discuss.  Thanks!
FYI.    I understand Jim needs Tom Meers to review # 17
All, if no comments are received today we will assume okay to file.
Moving this forward again...please re-review, particulary wording of item 17...it probably needs a bit more editing
Are you OK?
All, if no comments are received today we will assume okay to file.
Moving this forward again...please re-review, particulary wording of item 17...it probably needs a bit more editing
I want to make sure that we are looking out for our people at this point in time.    If there is someone who is having a particular problem, now is a time to be comforting.   I also want to make sure that we are doing everything in our power to reduce spending.   If you have a vacancy, now may be the time to consider do you really have to fill that job right now 
Rod Hayslett
EB4054
713-853-6178
As to P6, it is in the budget for next year, but we want to start this year.     Timing is never perfect.
Rod and Joe,
Here is a proposed write up of the procedures we use to protect the data that we send to RAC.
Please take a look and give me your comments.
Thanks!
Frazier
Do we want to tighten these up somewhat?
Rod,
HR has added 4 new job groups, none which are currently being used by ETS. We are proposing the following ibuyit spend and approve limits for future use of the new job groups in ETS and will need your approval and Stan's before submitting the information to the ISC.
Job Group	Description	Spend Limit	Approval Limit
23		HR Asso.	$1,000		$0		Consistent with all non-managerial levels
24		HR Analyst	$1,000		$0		Consistent with all non-managerial levels
26		Exec VP	$2,500		Unlimited	Consistent with Director and above
27		BU Head	$2,500		Unlimited	Consistent with Director and above
Please email approval for you and Stan.	
Lisa,
Attached is the Spend/Approvals amounts for the new HR job groups that have recently been created and the most recent HR structure file that I received from Lessa Hutcherson in HR.  I inserted in red the Spend/Approval amounts that we discussed for the new groups.  Currently we have no employees in any of these new groups.
Let me know if you have any questions.
Thanks
Jeff
Sounds reasonable to me.
I will give you some comments on the Service Agreement (from Mary Perkins) on Monday.
I talked with Karen Choyce:
Some wire are paid by Ipayit.  But I think we all agreed that there are adequate controls in Ipayit already.
Karen's group handles other wires, many of the high value wires.  Maggie's interest and principal payment wires are probably paid by Karen's group.  Karen has three people who process the wires, none of which are dedicated to any particular Enron company.  They each process wires across all of Enron's entities.  The volume of Citrus/FGT's wires are not enough to justify one person's time.
In the Enron Policies, Approval Authorizations for Cash Disbursements on the Web, there is a Policy and list of authorized approvers.  There is a signature on file for each of these persons.  When Karen's people get a wire request form (and they are all on paper with orignial signatures, nothing electronic) they follow the Policy and note the appropriate signature applies.  They will check a signature to the approved signature on file if necessary.  Karen Choyce has the authority to change coding but not approval for payment.  I would guess there are enough coding errors that she needs that power.  Karen's people then input into SAP from which Mary Perkins' group makes the payments.
I did notice that Mike Moran and Rock Meyer are still on the Website Approval list.  You might want to consider adding Maggie to the above $1.0 MM approval list.
I mentioned to her the idea that we might institute a second level of approvals for wires but not the idea that we might take this function over in Citrus/FGT ourselves.
Recommendation:  Since this does not appear to be a full-time job to process Citrus/FGT wires, we could save some Corporate Charge dollars and find someone in Citrus/FGT who might be underutilized to do this function. 
Great Ideas.
fyi - Brian Stanley asked me to join him in a meeting to discuss a potential sale of EEOS to some financial investors.  Was not aware	
Also, are you aware of any monetization of the PGE "pre-sale"? Davis Thames, Paul Puchot (corpdev lawyer) and I may have an interesting idea on how we can get a perfected security interest in the future sales proceeds from the PGE sale.  Paul is an outstanding bankruptcy attorney who may have found a way, through the recently revised UCC, to accomplish this.  I did not want to spend much time on this if someone else was already working on it.  Sounds interesting, and I haven't heard anyone else talk about it.
On an unrelated topic, at some point, you and I should sit down with Jeff to discuss financing roles/responsibilities of EGS.  I would like to see less corp financing of EGS assets (especially when we are unaware of them a la TOPRs), since we will have to live with these deals post mortem.    I agree
Kevin
These would be in the debt tests performed for the lenders.    Do you know the answers?
Rod - do you know the answer to the question below?
Drew,
Can you confirm that Transwestern has a Consolidated Minimum Tangible Net Worth of $250 million and that Northern Natural does not have a Minimum TNW covenant?
Thanks,
David
Talk with Jim
Rod, I could work with Jim to determine if there is someone in our groups who could take on this responsibility.  Also, how should we handle the politics of taking this responsibility aware from Karen?
Sounds reasonable to me.
I will give you some comments on the Service Agreement (from Mary Perkins) on Monday.
I talked with Karen Choyce:
Some wire are paid by Ipayit.  But I think we all agreed that there are adequate controls in Ipayit already.
Karen's group handles other wires, many of the high value wires.  Maggie's interest and principal payment wires are probably paid by Karen's group.  Karen has three people who process the wires, none of which are dedicated to any particular Enron company.  They each process wires across all of Enron's entities.  The volume of Citrus/FGT's wires are not enough to justify one person's time.
In the Enron Policies, Approval Authorizations for Cash Disbursements on the Web, there is a Policy and list of authorized approvers.  There is a signature on file for each of these persons.  When Karen's people get a wire request form (and they are all on paper with orignial signatures, nothing electronic) they follow the Policy and note the appropriate signature applies.  They will check a signature to the approved signature on file if necessary.  Karen Choyce has the authority to change coding but not approval for payment.  I would guess there are enough coding errors that she needs that power.  Karen's people then input into SAP from which Mary Perkins' group makes the payments.
I did notice that Mike Moran and Rock Meyer are still on the Website Approval list.  You might want to consider adding Maggie to the above $1.0 MM approval list.
I mentioned to her the idea that we might institute a second level of approvals for wires but not the idea that we might take this function over in Citrus/FGT ourselves.
Recommendation:  Since this does not appear to be a full-time job to process Citrus/FGT wires, we could save some Corporate Charge dollars and find someone in Citrus/FGT who might be underutilized to do this function. 
Rod:
Let me know if you have any questions.  Thanks.
Joyce
x 33516
AGENT GT/GT BOOKING REF YMBXQ4
HAYSLETT/ROD
EB 3842
ETKT RECEIPT
DATE:  NOV 16 2001
SERVICE               DATE  FROM           TO             DEPART  ARRIVE
CONTINENTAL AIRLINES  19NOV HOUSTON TX     NEWARK NJ      740A    1155A
CO 1710    Y          MON   G.BUSH INTERCO NEWARK INTL
TERMINAL C     TERMINAL C
SNACK                         NON STOP
RESERVATION CONFIRMED         3:15 DURATION
AIRCRAFT: BOEING 757-200
SEAT 34A NO SMOKING CONFIRMED HAYSLETT/ROD(ID
THIS IS AN ADVANCE PURCHASE REFUNDABLE FARE.
CHANGES MAY RESULT IN AN ADDITIONAL COLLECTION.
HOTEL                 19NOV W NEW YORK - UNION SQUARE
20NOV 201 PARK AVENUE SOUTH
NEW YORK, NY 10003
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA
TELEPHONE: 1-212-253-9119
FAX: 1-212-253-9229
TELEX: NONE
CONFIRMATION: 1033230
SINGLE ROOM KING SIZE BED
RATE: COR USD 289.00 PER NIGHT
GUARANTEE GIVEN
NONSMK KING ROOM
TO AVOID BILLING CANCEL 24HRS PRIOR TO ARRIVAL
CONTINENTAL AIRLINES  20NOV NEW YORK NY    HOUSTON TX     619P    909P
CO 233     Y          TUE   LA GUARDIA     G.BUSH INTERCO
TERMINAL M     TERMINAL C
SNACK                         NON STOP
RESERVATION CONFIRMED         3:50 DURATION
AIRCRAFT: BOEING 737-800
SEAT 12E NO SMOKING CONFIRMED HAYSLETT/ROD(ID
RESERVATION NUMBER(S)  CO/UK5LE1
HAYSLETT/ROD  S1C0366R1117
CO  FREQUENT FLYER COBS608665
ASSISTANT: KATHY CAMPOS 713 853-6833
.............NEW FAA REQUIREMENTS CHECK IN AT LEAST 2 HOURS PRIOR TO FLIGHT DEPARTURE
FOR DOMESTIC, 3 HOURS FOR INTERNATIONAL.
TO GO THROUGH SECURITY YOU ARE REQUIRED TO HAVE
AN ITINERARY GENERATED BY AN AIRLINE OR TRAVEL AGENCY
CONFIRMING AN ELECTRONIC TICKET INCLUDING TICKET NUMBER
OR A RECEIPT FOR AN ELECTRONIC TICKET INCLUDING TICKET NUMBER
AND/OR A BOARDING PASS FOR THE CURRENT DAY.
THIS IS THE PASSENGER RECEIPT FOR YOUR ELECTRONIC TICKET.
PLEASE CHECK-IN WITH PHOTO IDENTIFICATION AND WITH
EITHER (1) THIS RECEIPT OR (2) YOUR CONFIRMATION NUMBER.
OUR ETKT CONFIRMATION NUMBER IS: UKPRP2
:SEATS ARE AWFULL-TRY TO GET BETTER ONES BUT FLIGHTS ARE FULL
A little humor to keep us smiling in these troubled times:
Make sure to read the last one.
Social Studies: Some Useful Definitions
Feudalism
You have two cows.
Your lord takes some of the milk.
Fascism
You have two cows.
The government takes both, hires you to take care of them and
sells you the milk.
Applied Communism
You have two cows.
You must take care of them, but the government takes all the milk.
Capitalism
You have two cows.
You sell one and buy a bull.
Your herd multiplies, and the economy grows.
You sell them and retire on the income
Enron Venture Capitalism
You have two cows.
You sell three of them to your publicly listed company, using letters of credit opened by your brother-in-law at the bank, then execute a debt/equity swap with an associated general offer so that you get all four cows back, with a tax exemption for five cows. The milk rights of the six cows are transferred via an intermediary to a Cayman Island company secretly owned by the majority shareholder who sells the rights to all seven cows back to your listed company. The annual report says the company owns eight cows, with an option on one more. - No Balance Sheet provided with the release.
CAn you 2 help her out here?    I believe the footnotes probably cover it, but to the extent you have more, it would be helpful 
Hello Rod,
In the audited financials, there are footnotes that explain some of the environmental liabilities.  Is this what you referred to when you asked if I had the disclosures?  If not, is this a separate document that I need to have for the "data room?"
Thank you,
Jayshree
I am at the lake. 936 597 3905
If you already have forwarded the memo please pass along the warning and ask them not to forward again.
Are you sure I don't need to be there?
OK.   If I leave here I will call your cell so you know how to reach me.
Better than most recently.
I am assuming that by now you know that I am pledging my receivables into the secured deal Dan Boyle is working on.
Rod:
Global Finance is undertaking a corporate-wide accounts receivable securitization program. We closed a commercial paper conduit receivables securitization transaction program last quarter and are looking to close a second receivables transaction (most likely a privately placed term loan facility) by mid-November.  Towards that goal, we are investigating the receivables and payables position of all Enron entities.  We would like to enlist your team's assistance in better understanding ETS's receivables and payables position and how that data is generated and processed.
To better understand our project and data request, I have attached presentations and due diligence questions from the mandated banks' proposals to Enron.  Although all requested details are not needed immediately, what is urgent at bare minimum is net receivable balance, aging and roll forward for September and October.  We are scheduled to meet with banks tomorrow to discuss opportunities.
Any and all assistance and guidance is much appreciated.  Based on our prior experience, we understand the process of gathering and processing data may be time consuming.  However, I'd like to note that the other business unit teams assembled thus far are available to share their insights, techniques, and expertise.  We will do our best to provide you any assistance you may need in fulfilling our request. 
Please call me at your convenience to discuss the best way to proceed; my telephone number is 713-853-0920.  I look forward to working with you and your team.
Sincerely,
Michelle Wenz
Michelle Wenz
Enron Global Finance
713-853-0920
michelle.wenz@
That is one of the things we are working on.   At this point in time Dynegy will be responsible for this debt, if theyexercise their rights under the preferred stock agreements, which would leave them with common pledged to the lenders.  The price they paid recognized the debt was there, if it is not there, the price will be higher.   Suffice it to say all of these things will be tken care of before it funds.
Yes.   When things get speculative the language always gets scary.
I am leaving the lake.  Use cell for next 40 minutes and then use home if you need me.  Remember blackberry doesn't work so well at home
Fyi
Bruce and Rob,
This is the latest from AA on what they want to see in an internal and external legal letter on Dabhol.  They now say they need both letters the earlier of 1) when they sign off on the 3rd Qtr 10-Q or 2) December 15, 2001.  Give me a call and we can discuss further.
Sommers 
For DPC letters Here is the Dabhal legal letter wording.l
Sheila
(See attached file: Dabhal Legal Letter Wording.doc)
*******************    Hi.   I'm sitting in the airport waiting on the plane.   Going to New York tonight and will be home tuesday night.  Hope you guys are doing fine.  Sure was good talking to you this am.
Love,
Dad
Thanks.
Fyi
Summary Risk Data as of 11/16/2001		
Active Financial Deals	83	
Active Physical Positions	38	
P&L  Daily ($thousands)	345.0 	
VaR ($thousands)	159.4 	
ETS Margin Account Deals	0	
Physical deals modeled in the Caminus Zainet system are deals which have some form of price risk, (i.e. Index to index deals, and anticipated fuel sales) This does not include standard transport or storage agreements.
P&L  Daily:   Daily change in the  mark-to-market (MTM) valuation of all deals being tracked in the Caminus Zainet system.  This includes the origination and changes in value for both the physical and financial sides of hedges, along with any speculative trades and floating unhedged physical positions.
VaR is "Value at Risk":  Enron Corp policy defines this as the maximum expected one day loss on the portfolio given a 95% statistical confidence interval.  This number is currently calculated on the Caminus system using a variance covariance methodology, rather than a Monte Carlo simulation per the Enron Corp policy.
More detailed reports are available from the Caminus Zainet risk management system.  Please call Vince Strohmeyer at 713.853.6701 with any questions you may have.
Good morning.
I am staying at the W Hotel
Telephone 212 253 9119
FAX 212 253 9229
Room 1716
I have my cell phone and my !lackberry so I can get email.  I should be back in te office on wednesday.
Rod
Can you please review and get back to Tim?
Please review the one page updates for Transwestern and Northern and let me know if you have any comments.
Thanks,
Tim
Tim: Attached are updates I mentioned yesterday.
(See attached file: enronrpt.doc)(See attached file: northernnatural.doc)
(See attached file: transwestern.doc)
Does this cost center get allocated or direct charged?  Please get back to Morris for me.
Rod - What is our policy of accepting direct charges for corporate assistance?   Should this remain in corporate and be a part of the allocation?
Mike - Was any agreement made up front with Brindle to cover Kyle's expenses?   Was the request to travel made by Dave Odneal or yourself?
Morris A. Brassfield
Enron Transportation Services
Senior Director
Operations Support Services
Three Allen Center 3285
333 Clay Street
Houston, Texas 77002
713-646-7006  Business Phone
713-503-1409  Cell Phone
Morris, can you look at this for us.  I kinda think that the Corp Allocation is the right place for this expense.
I appreciate Kyle's expertise and work, but do we always pay the direct expenses for Corp assistance 
Mike:  In regard to Sharon's note below, please confirm the entities responsible for the cost of Kyle's trip.
Thank you,
Kim
Kyle Norosky who works in Enron Corp Business Controls, recently flew to Minneapolis with regard to security issues.  He has told me that his trip is to be charged to ETS/Northern Pipeline cost center or project code.
Please can you let me know what company number and code to charge this to.  The total cost of his trip was $1603.28
Many thanks.
Sharon Killey
Assistant to John Brindle
Business Controls
Tel:  713-345-4999
Fax: 713-646-8838
Where do you want to meet to walk over there?   Do you want to eat lunch somewhere before?
Fyi
=20
Stan/Jim,
=20
Following is a list of last week's most salient events.
=20
Central America/DR:
=20
Guatemala:  MARAD will reply this week as to their position vis-a-vis the reduction of Enron's contingent support from $28 to $10 million.  It is possible they will ask for additional information. =20
=20
Nicaragua:  Current credit ratings required the funding of approximately $6.3 million into a debt service reserve account (project was allowed to sweep the funds against a corporate guarantee by Enron, which was backstopped by the partners pro-rata to their ownership in the project).  Partners to reimburse Enron their pro-rata share, such that Enron's ultimate outflow will be approximately $2.2 million.  Team tried to get MARAD to agree to alternative solutions but MARAD simply refused citing bad past experience and political implications.
=20
Panama:  Team in Houston last week to review the upcoming PPA bids by Elektra (one of the two distribution companies in Panama).  Three issues are worth noting: (i) requirement to post bid bonds (approximately $10 million) will likely need some sort of Enron support (BLM can't get bid bonds on its own although local management continues attempting to do so); (ii) BLM's marginal costs are among highest in Panama.  A preliminary strategy has been mapped out; and (iii) PPA terms are a bit "one-sided" in favor of the distributor.  BLM and other market participants have tried repeatedly to get the distco to change terms without success. =20
=20
Dominican Republic:  El Paso confirmed it can't work with us.  Operationally, the plant is working well.  As noted on an earlier e-mail, EFI's fuel supplier for SECLP, Vitol, asked for a letter of credit or pre-payment terms.  Enron rejected the request.  SECLP bought cargo directly from Vitol.  We are working closely with Tom Moran of ENE credit on these issues.
=20
Ecoelectrica:
This week was a very productive week.  Update as follows:  Lender Process:  Based on several conversations this week, lenders have stated they understand that Mirant's insurance package is the result of market conditions.  Lenders are prepared to pursue credit committee approval with the $300 million coverage.  Mirant offered a 6-month only waiver on the deductibles.  Lenders appear content with that option.  ENE insurance has approximately 75% of the underwriters on board with our back-up plan to provide the additional $200 million tranche.  Backup will be used only if credit committee(s) kick back existing coverage.  Mirant to issue a certification of compliance with QF (by Eco) and a legal opinion asap.  Based on the progress this week and the remaining commitment on deliverables, it is expected that the lender's agent can put together the entire lender package and submit it to the lender group by Tuesday of next week.  Finally, Mirant also committed to providing comments (if any) to the Lender Consent Agreement.  ENE and EME have reviewed and provided comments already.  GE Consent:  Mirant committed to sending their "versions" of the key documents on the GE buy-out on Friday nite (late).  I have not seen the document but they have repeatedly stated that the documents are "conforming".  Union Carbide Guarantee:  Plan to finalize language early next week.  Schedule:  Mirant has committed to fulfilling CP's as early as possible (and is acting on that statement) as long as we can allow them to fund on 12/19.  They state they are confident they can close CP's by earlier than 12/14 and can fund on 12/19.  CSFB has not shed light on the apparent funding (timing) limitation but has offered to investigate further. =20
=20
APACHI =20
=20
Philippines: The team did an excellent job of advancing discussions and negotiations with NPC but was unable to move the slow government machinery fast enough to make it to a signing by last Thursday's New York event.  Nevertheless, momentum is high and team continues to work toward a 12/15 agreement date; funding wouldn't occur until early next year.=20
=20
Guam:  Continue discussions with Mirant and AES with a focus on getting them over the hump on the issue of Enron's contingent obligation to cover the potential shortfall under a GPA buy-out event.  Work continues.  Meetings have been set with Dr. Boyce to discuss his interest in the Guam project. =20
=20
China:  Unit 2 still scheduled to come back on line on 11/23.  Two likely causes still under investigation (poor vaccum or material design flaw).  Work on capital reduction for Chengdu on hold until discussions are held with Houston to ensure consensus.  In the mean time, several parties have approached us with interest in Chengdu.  On Hainan, team is paying several visits to the new SAFE representatives, first to work on the mid November repayment ($10 million).   Next step would be liquidation. =20
=20
Europe =20
=20
Gaza:  Waiting to hear from CCC (partner) on conceptual proposal: ENE to provide limited technical support and financial services support to help put in place cost over-run facility and to help with remaining construction activities and CCC to take our equity (at no cost) and any remaining obligations.  Aim is to eliminate the potential exposure on ENE's $9 million of guarantees. =20
=20
Trakya:  During meetings in London, OPIC informed us that they had had good meetings with the Ministry of Finance and Ministry of Energy.  Government stated they would "clean up" arrears but could not do so before January 2002 (presumably there are no budget funds left).  Government committed to work with OPIC on resolving the forex dispute issue but acknowledged that the legal opinion they had sought and received didn't address the issue properly and thus needed additional work to provide the Government with the backing it needed to give the issue resolution.  OPIC agreed to send the Government "terms of reference" on their conceptual agreements.  On our question of change in frequency in the distribution of dividends OPIC stated they would expeditiously move to review our proposal, indicating no pre-disposed position against it. =20
=20
Sarlux:  team continues to prepare to submit response to EPC contractor's claim, as well as our own counter-claim, all scheduled to be submitted on November 30th.   Team continues to work on sorting out technical issues at the plant, including meetings with senior Texaco officials. =20
=20
ENS:  local team and Adam Overfield worked to resolve remaining issue over final completion certificate.  Issue was related to CO2 emmissions on GT12 vs the EPC contract parameters.  Team has convinced the lender's engineer that issue is of no relevance.  Team is now moving to secure lender approval.  This releases $1.95 million of contingent support by ENE. =20
=20
Europe Sales Prospects:  IPower submitted preliminary proposals for ENS and Trakya, both well below expectations.
=20
Other:  Team is working closely with RAC to come up with updated fair market valuations, cashflow projections by month for the quarter ended Dec. 31, and revised/updated transfer restriction information.
=20
Thanks, Mariella
=20
Isabel: please distribute to team as customary.
=20
=20
=20
=20
I willnot be able to attend.
Where do you want to meet to go over there?  Is it far?
We're on the way.
Probably can handle monday pm.  Will get with you wednesday but feel free to schedule anything after 12:00.
Not yet.   There are still some remaining issues to be sorted out.
Got it.
No, at least not to my knowledge.
FYI
Rod -
In planning office space for the EGS legal group, please hold a space for Paulette Obrecht.  She has served in a number of roles in the legal department over the years but would be invaluable in keeping us, er, me, organized.  She is presently on the Corp. payroll.  Let me know if you have any questions or need any other information.  Thanks.
Rob
I am moving to the 3AC2092 with Bruce Lundstrom's group but will keep my same phone extension. They will be moving to the "old" Azurix floors in another three weeks, and I plan to move with them. I hope this meets with your approval. They are literally taking the furniture apart on the 19th floor and dismantling the entire office. 
Paulette 
If you need asignature fax it to the hotel.
Do you know anything?
Has your group been asked (by your BU or by anyone else) to identify those possible candidates for personnel reductions?  Please let me know.
Wes Colwell has been working on a "10%" list per request from his BU, and Rick is going to ask Bob Butts to start working on it tomorrow (after 10Q is filed).
If you have not been asked, you may want to start thinking about it.  Rick said that there may be a request coming to complete the list this week (and to notify people as early as next week), although he has not as yet received that request.
Thanks!
Fyi
Greg:
I do not have any access to information regarding PGE retained earnings. 
As we discussed this morning, distributions of cash in the form of dividends will be subject to a tax of approximately 7%.  This tax can be avoided completely if the distributions of cash take the form of intercompany loans which are settled at the close of the sale of PGE. Significant tax research and intercompany briefings took place on this very topic in July and August of this year.  The procedures for settlement of the loans are already baked into the PGE purchase and sale agreement. It is my understanding that some loans of cash have already been made under this procedure, but I am the wrong person to talk to about PGE issues or that sort.  Rod Hayslett would have more information. 
Jim Ginty is the appropriate tax department contact for PGE Purchase and Sale Agreement issues. 
Alicia Goodrow
Alicia,
Do we know / can we quantify the amount of undistributed/retained earnings as of Sepetmber 30th, and what the tax impact would be of distributing that amount.
Thanks again.
Greg Adams
713-853-3887
I had heard something similar.  We should probably get alicia to quantify exactly how much the leakage would be {in dollars} and how the mechanics would work.  Please tell alicia that we understand that this would be a whalley, mcmahon, causey decision.  We are only trying to identify options and quantify breakage and leakage.
Thanks very much for the update keep me posted.
William W. Brown
As you can see not everybody is always on board.
In Stan's staff meeting this morning he asked we let you know of any vacancies that are being filled.  I have two that are currently in process: 
*	Director, Financial Planning -recruiting internally and externally on a concurrent basis due primarily to Omaha location,  preference given to internal candidates.
*	Financial Planning Analyst (Ben Humann's vacancy) - recruiting internally only.
For either of these positions I think Enron should be willing to pay relocation if necessary (to avoid severance costs).  From the standpoint of the partnerships I don't think NBP should pay this cost since there are plenty of local candidates from which to choose.
I intend to distribute something this week
Should be fine
Can you send me an invitation for the 2 meetings on monday in outlook?   I ca then accept and get it on my calendar in the office
Fyi
From a valuation standpoint I assume Case 1 would give us the highest multiple.  The issue is is it doable?  We have achieved $600 million last year.  Also, before we go further with Project Armstrong I would like to get Whalley and Dynegy to agree that if the discussions are successful we would do the deal.  Let's suspend these discussions for the time being.
Stan
What is your choice?
Rod,
Attached are three cases for Project Armstrong.  I know you're out of the office until Wednesday but I thought if you could respond by Blackberry or phone as to which case we should send to TCPL, I would get that to them before the holiday so they could work on it Thursday and Friday.
*	Case 1 is an 8% distribution growth case (starting with the plan and increasing acquisition activity to deliver 8% growth).  To achieve that our total capex for NBP goes up to an average of just over $400 million per year.
*	Case 2 tracks with our budget case and involves about $200 million in capex per year and results in 2 years of 8% growth and then a flat distribution level for the remaining 3 years.
*	Case 3 utilizes the budget case but eliminates all acquisitions (capex is about $30 - $40 million average per year for maintenance and asset development) and assumes NBPL recontracting occurs at 85% of max rates.  The result is distributions increase to $3.30 in 2002 and stay at that level throughout the 5 year period.
Obviously Case 1 is the most aggressive in terms of valuation among the three.  Please let me know if that is ok to send or do you have something else in mind.  Also I could fax hard copies if you would like 
I think Kathy has a new one out for the 7th.
Rod, I put this on my calendar a week or so ago -at your/Kathy's request, but noticed you do NOT have same no mtg??
The issue is that in order to sell the units there is a public disclosure of the units being in rawhide which may have some more issues.  A 13d filing is required.  If we want to sell then we need to file and wait.
I'm on my way back there to do so.
Love
Your welcome
I would think that if they pay in advance it should not be a problem,
Great job
What will happen to this project.  Alaska?
Talked to Morgan.  The ETS cost estimate is just the Level A cost estimate done by Bryan Reinecke in his Group.  He added that the R.O.W. cost is one of the items has high uncertainty.  Jerry Martin's Group has been not been asked to look at the project.
Suggest asking Mike Smith also.  To me looks like the capex inflation and O&M inflation are backasswards.
You should get these 2 experts in pipeline modelling and estimating involved into the discussion.   They have years of experience in inflation and impacts on pipeline economics.
The model review meeting on Thursday went well, and the consensus was that there are many changes to be made to the current Foothills economic model. Many assumptions in the current model were challenged by the participant companies. Foothills agreed to reflect the suggested changes to the model (Andy is supposed to send out a summary of the discussion) and provided an electronic copy of the model for withdrawn partners' review. Withdrawn partners agreed to give their comments/feedback on the model to Foothills until 11/27/01 and another meeting to reach an agreement on economic model/toll was scheduled for 12/03/01 or 12/04/01. The data from economic/toll model will be used in commercial proposal/presentation to the ANS producers which ANNGTC intends to have by 12/20/01. Tim and I will review Foothills' cash flow and COS model and prepare comments.
Overall, the participants though that the current Foothills model ($0.43/MMBtu toll for Alaska section) has very aggressive assumptions in many ways, and it is very likely that the toll will be increased significantly after all the appropriate revisions are made. The following are the main discussion points of the meeting. Item 1 and 2 are expected to have a very large impact on the toll.
1) Capex and Opex need to have annual/monthly escalation (current model has 0% escalation). For example, Foothills sensitivity analysis shows that 2.5% Capex escalation would increase the toll by $0.20. Numbers such as 1.5% for Capex and 2.5% for Opex were thrown during the meeting, but more reviews need to be done regarding appropriate escalation rates. Do you have any opinion on this, Bryan?
2) Foothills is using Flowthrough method (using cash taxes in COS calculation) to calculate income taxes that go into the Cost of Service and might be underestimating Cost of Service. Tim thought that the Flowthrough method will not fly because of previous cases in which that method was not allowed by IRS and FERC. Foothills said that they can still have same toll under Normalized tax method by changing the depreciation number, but Tim was concerned that it might force the partnership to record negative depreciation. Foothills declined our request to share their Cost of Service model and insisted that we calculate the toll ourselves based on the information in the cash flow model. They agreed to provide a hard copy of their Cost of Service model in the end, but Tim and I were under impression that Foothills was trying to lower the toll as much as they can. Tim was also concerned about levelized toll approach because of FERC might lower allowed return in the later rate cases and more analysis needs to done regradign this. Please correct me if I am wrong here, Tim.
3) OM & A is currently estimated to be 1% of Capex but this might be too low (OM&A in more latest cost estimate by Foothills is approx. 1.5% of total Capex).
4) The Withdrawn Partners' historical contributions ($228 million) will be added to the Rate Base, but this might be dropped if necessary. Success fee of $40 million should be included in the project budget.
5) Working Capital will be added to the project cost. The Line Pack cost (14.5 Bcf for the whole section) was assumed to be borne by ANS producers but some participants highly doubted that that would be the case. The Line Pack gas might have to be bought by the Partnership or the Producers will at least demand certain return on their gas sitting in the pipeline for 25 years.
6) For Return on Capital and AFUDC, 14% ROE and 8% Interest on Debt assuming 30/70 capital structure is likely to be kept. However, the current drawdown schedule assumes construction financing available from the very beginning, which will not be true. Certain assumptions should be made on the financial close date and commercial agreement/preliminary determination date to calculate AFUDC more accurately.
7) Current financing assumption in the model is a 25 year bank loan with balloon amortization and DSCR of 1.6. In reality, the initial bank loans will be of shorter maturity (5-15 years) and certain roll-over financing will be unavoidable. It is also likely that the loans will have multiple tranches with different terms, interest rate, seniority etc.=20
8) There is significant currency risk associated with Canadian section of the ANGTS considering that some sources of capital, revenues and part of operating expenses will be in Canadian dollars. A mechanis to mitigate currency risk should be in place and there might be some costs associated with it.
9) Property taxes of 2% in Alaska seems high, but Property taxes during construction period should be added.=20
Lastly, there is about $300 million difference ($4,336-$4035) between ETS current cost estimates and the cost estimate in the Foothills model, excluding IDC and AFUDC. Another engineering estimate might have to be dome for larger pipe size (46 or 48 inch) as noted in Bryan's email. =20
Thanks,=20
JB=20
Jebong Lee=20
713-853-9722 office=20
713-306-8658 cell
What is going on?
Anything exciting going on today?  We are proceeding witha great reception so far.  We did 4 meetings yesterday and have 4 more today and one more by phone tomorrow.  Going well here.
In the covenants of the debt agreements.     If it's not a test in the lenders package, then it is not in the deal.
Is there a definition of Consolidated Minimumu Tangible Net Worth to work from?
These would be in the debt tests performed for the lenders.    Do you know the answers?
Rod - do you know the answer to the question below?
Drew,
Can you confirm that Transwestern has a Consolidated Minimum Tangible Net Worth of $250 million and that Northern Natural does not have a Minimum TNW covenant?
Thanks,
David
Yes I will be back tonight
Thanks.  What is the mood?
Things are ok.   Have a Happy Thansgiving
I'll try
Probably willbe working
Ok I'm fine
However you would have to agree that we have some level of control over the GP.
No, he is in fact commercial doing deals negotiating transactions of significant size, 2.5 B this year alone.
Go for the dollars
It is not necessary.    Other than Tracy, he would be the only one of the accounting and finance people there and Stan is trying to limit the attendance to the group necessary for the discussions.
Rod and Kathy:
I just spoke with our travel agent, and we can make Jerry's flight reservations tomorrow (Tuesday).  Please let me know - sometime on Tuesday - if Jerry needs to attend the Plan Review with Mr. Lay on November 8.
Thanks!
Dee
Hi, Rod:
Sorry to be such a pain about this, but we're trying to finalize Jerry's flights so he can obtain the discount fare.  (Needs to be ticketed today.)
Please advise asap.
Thanks, Rod.
Dee
Rod:
We initially asked Mr. Cordes about this.  His reply was that Jerry should check with you.  Sounds like Mr. Cordes is seeking your insight.  Based upon this, please let us know your final thoughts.
Thanks again.
Dee
Not needed unless Bill Cordes has asked him to attend.   In which case let me know, because we are monitoring the attendance list closely 
Good morning, Rod:
As you know, there is a Plan Presentation with Mr. Lay on Thursday, November 8.  FYI, Jerry Peters will be in Houston for other meetings on Thursday morning, and we are trying to determine if Jerry is expected to attend the Plan Review.  If so, I will schedule Jerry for a later flight departure from Houston that day.
Please let us know your thoughts at your earliest convenience.
Thanks, Rod.
Dee
Need to get you 2 talking to LORI,    I don't see much of a problem in going along with the EOTT valuation.   It's their asset now.
Rod, Tom, 
Roger's question/concern is serious, and the approach I've seen in documentation
does not help our position
We are proposing (or are) to argue that Fair Value is substantially less than $41.9mm.
If that is the case, we will have to go back and impair the MTBE facility, and re-do the
financials. We have asserted that the fair value for book purposes approximates a higher value than our tac position. Normally this variance is no big deal, but because of the "sale", this book tax variation is problematic. This will result in a substantial loss, and cause EOTT's SEC filings to be in jeopardy.
Is Enron disputing the fair value of $41.9 million already disclosed as
agreed to with HCAD?  And if so what value is the company asserting?
Attached is a red line version and "clean" version of proposed EGP Fuels
responses to the EOTT SEC request.
Bob - I assume you will also review this w Mr Causey
Tom - Item # 18 on affiliated revenues requires additional data, that I
believe you have on file.
All - Item #17 on Morgan's Point tax valuation should be reviewed
closely.