Thank you in advance.
- fsajune.pdf
- KDMemoJune601.doc
Put this as tentative on my schedule.  Mark
=09Stephanie Harris/ENRON@Xgate
=0906/07/2001 09:29 AM
=09=09=20
Mr. Derrick would like to invite you to attend a presentation by the law firm=20
of Winston Strawn in the 50th floor board room of the Enron building on=20
Wednesday, June 27, 2001.  The meeting will start at 9:00 a.m. and run about=20
2 hours.  Please plan to attend, if possible. =20
So far, the following individuals from the law firm of Winston Strawn will=20
attend.  This is a preliminary list, so please allow for the possibility of=20
substitutions or additions to their roster.   =20
Joanne Gregory
Bruce Toth =01) Corp.
Jerry Farano =01) Broadband
Steve Molo =01) Litigation
Chris Mcisaac =01) Energy Project/Facility Deals
Chris Chase
Charlie Papavizas =01) Maritime
Tim Oxley =01) Finance and/or
Andy McDonough - Finance
Great!  John L said he was going to leave legal to us.  So please take the 
lead in proposing changes for the legal team and propose the changes to me so 
we can get it done 
,
Mark
John Novak@
06/06/2001 01:25 PM
next step: Luiz and Vicky.
I loved it!   Mark
Michelle Cash
06/08/2001 09:05 AM
Here is the mock up of the Star Wars invitation.  There are a few tweaks, but 
this is essentially what it will look like.  Michelle
Michelle Cash
Dorie, We put out our "save the date" email, and there is good buzz on the 
event.  In your voice mail, you mentioned that you would have menus and 
invitations ready this week.  I am only here a half day tomorrow and then out 
all next week, so I am ready to see that stuff today, if possible.  Thanks Michelle
Michelle Cash
Wanted to let you know the status on the following:
Working with Ivy Bradberry (with the Image Center) on the cost & production 
of the animated invitation.
Should have all catering proposals by Tuesday, June 5.
I will have a cost estimate and approval form prepared for you no later than 
Wednesday, June 6.
Questions for you:
Do you have any idea how many children are expected?
What was the final decision on the starting time for the program?
Thanks.
Dorie Hitchcock
Event Manager
Enron
1400 Smith Street, EB 3640a
Houston, TX  77002
Office  (713) 853-6978
Fax  (713) 646-5800
Cell  (713) 594-7093
E-Mail - dorie.hitchcock@
I am willing to wear the risk.  Remember, my $100.  Mark
Andrew Edison@
06/07/2001 04:30 PM
After our discussion this afternoon, I have given some additional thought and talked to outside counsel -- about the negative potential consequences of 
filing an arbitration against El Paso.  While I think we should accept the 
risks, here they are all from our vantage point:
First, El Paso could move the Swap Agreements from EPME and claim
the Guaranty Agreements do not follow 
Second, we could lose on our claims.  This would give El Paso the right to 
move the Swap Agreements from EPME and claim the Guaranty Agreements do not 
follow. 
Third, El Paso could fight us on the arbitrability of the Guaranty
Agreement claim.  We could end up with two proceedings -- our arbitration and
a court proceeding El Paso initiates on the Guaranty Agreement claim.
Unfortunately, El Paso would have the opportunity to choose the forum on the
Guaranty Agreement claim.
Fourth, El Paso could counterclaim on the breach of the confidentiality
provision.  I think they would have a good argument that we have breached
that provision by showing the Swap Agreements etc. to people outside the
company such as our bankers.  I am not clear what damages they could claim
based on that alleged breach.
I haven't heard anything to suggest there are other claims out there for El
Paso to assert, but we haven't done much investigating in that area either.
I suppose if El Paso got really mad, they might look back over the 
negotiations in this deal and others to see if they have any other claims 
they could construct.
Andy
Are these correct?  Please let John know.  Mark
John Novak@
06/04/2001 10:46 AM
Mark -- Just to confirm the rankings that we discussed on Friday:
1. None
2. Vicky Martinez
Luiz Watanabe
Fabian Valle
3. Andrea Calo
Patricia Dutra
Karla Azevedo
4. Miguel Mendoza
Celina Ozorio
5. None
Please click on the link below for the invitation to the museum 
Should we try Akin Gump?  What is your recommendation off the list?  Mark
Per my voicemail message to each of you.  Thanks.  Lance.
W. Lance Schuler
Marc Poulson
Enron Xcelerator
1400 Smith St. 0518e
Houston, TX 77002
713.345.7875
Fax: 713.646.4735
Thanks, I will have my assistant call to set a date and time.  Mark
Hello Mark: 
That is a great article in this month's Corporate Legal Times on the Enron legal department.  I know that the wholesale group has been critical to the company, and your role has been critical to the success of the legal department. 
Thanks for looking to Milbank on PG&E and EBS this year, among other things. 
In order to review where we are, and what we ought to be doing to better service your group, I would like to arrange a meeting with you at your convenience.  To suggest dates: do any of 10/19. 10/26, 11/2 or 11/8 work for lunch or an afternoon meeting?
Hope to hear from you soon. 
______________________________ 
Ed Feo 
Milbank Tweed Hadley & McCloy LLP 
601 South Figueroa Street, 30th Floor 
Los Angeles, Ca. 90017 
Phone: 213 892 4417 
Fax: 213 892 4717 
Cell: 213 446 3206 
[Haedicke, Mark E.] J , please arrange for a meeting.  It is ok for it to be lunch.  Mark  Hello Mark: 
That is a great article in this month's Corporate Legal Times on the Enron legal department.  I know that the wholesale group has been critical to the company, and your role has been critical to the success of the legal department. 
Thanks for looking to Milbank on PG&E and EBS this year, among other things. 
In order to review where we are, and what we ought to be doing to better service your group, I would like to arrange a meeting with you at your convenience.  To suggest dates: do any of 10/19. 10/26, 11/2 or 11/8 work for lunch or an afternoon meeting?
Hope to hear from you soon. 
______________________________ 
Ed Feo 
Milbank Tweed Hadley & McCloy LLP 
601 South Figueroa Street, 30th Floor 
Los Angeles, Ca. 90017 
Phone: 213 892 4417 
Fax: 213 892 4717 
Cell: 213 446 3206 
John:
Should we get you, Scott and me (and Teresa Bushman) together to flesh out the deal further for the term sheet?  Teresa and I have worked on a term sheet but it is pretty bare bones so far?
Mark
Louise:  I talked to Jim and we have worked through a revised strategy as we talked about yesterday.  So no call from Jim.
Mark
Dear John:
I am proud of MSU and would like to help.  I will ask my assistant to set up a time for us to talk through your questions over the next week.
,
Mark Haedicke
Dear Mark,
I am the Associate Dean for MBA Programs at Michigan State.  I'm writing to
ask for your advice regarding a new initiative here. I am not sure how much
you have remained in touch with MSU since your graduation.  I am proud to
report that US News and World Report recently named the Eli Broad College of
Business #16 in its annual ranking of undergraduate business schools.  And
last April, the Wall Street Journal ranked our full-time MBA program #12.
As an alum, I hope you are as proud of these accomplishments as are the
faculty, staff, and current students of the Broad School.
The Broad School recently opened a financial analysis laboratory and trading
room to help our students understand options theory better and learn trading
skills.  I would like to expand the scope of the lab to include the energy
marketplace.  That interest led me to the EnronOnline and Enron web sites,
where I found your bio.  Because Enron is the world's top energy trader, I'd
like to get your views on how I can best expose our students to the energy
marketplace.  For example, do students need access to specialized energy
trading information and software (e.g., EnronOnline.com) or do they need
advanced courses in options theory (or both)?  Similarly, is it better to
focus on risk management more generally or the energy market in particular?
I have also been working with our MBA Placement Director to better
understand career opportunities in energy and bandwidth trading.  Given the
background of many of our students (with experience in operations and
finance), we think they'll be qualified for opportunities in the energy
market (as traders or analysts) if we give them the right tools.  Finally, I
saw an announcement that Enron has collaborated with Rice University in an
e-commerce, energy and bandwidth initiative and wonder if any type of
collaboration with Michigan State is possible.
If you are willing, I would like to discuss these and some related issues
with you.  I'd be happy to call at any time that is convenient for you -
just let me know a time and phone number.  If you'd prefer to schedule a
specific time, please have your assistant call mine - Cathy Chubb at
517-432-5100 - to set a time on our calendars.
Thanks in advance for your consideration.  I wish you much luck and
continued success in all your activities.
,
John Delaney
John T. Delaney
Associate Dean for MBA Programs
Eli Broad Graduate School of Management
Michigan State University
East Lansing, MI  48824
(517) 432-5100
I would love to, but I cannot.  Thanks for the offer.  You should be getting a call today from one of our lawyers re a potential deal.  Take care.  Mark
Mark and Robbie, can you join me in the Diamond Seats for this Wednesday's playoff game at noon?  Let me know.
H. William Swanstrom
Locke Liddell & Sapp LLP
bswanstrom@lockeliddell.com  (713) 226-1143
I am doing well!  I look forward to catching up.  I do plan to play golf so it would be great to play together.
,
Mark
Mark:
How are you?  From what I can tell from talking to others, it sure sounds like you have been buried on a whole host of difficult matters the past few months and traveling a lot.  I hope that at some point you are able to come up for some air, although it does seem like "your world" just seems to be getting bigger and bigger which, I assume, will keep making that harder to do.
I am looking forward to attending the EWS legal Conference at the end of next week, and appreciate the invitation to make a presentation with Elizabeth.  Lisa told me she scheduled our presentation on Thursday afternoon, but I thought if it was ok with you I might also attend the morning session as well on Friday.  Are you planning to play golf in the afternoon on Friday after the Conference ends?  If you were, and you had room in your foursome, I thought I might play a quick round before I headed back to New York like we did a few years ago.  I thought that might give us a chance to catch up on things in general  since I would imagine you will be pretty tied up during the Conference.  I'll touch base with Janette on Monday or Tuesday to see if something like that might be possible.  If that does not work out, I'll try to get on your calendar the next time I am in town.
I hope that you and your family are doing well.  I hope that no one in the immediate circle of you, your family and your friends was directly impacted by the tragedy of September 11.  It has been a very difficult time up here the past two and a half weeks and it will no doubt take a fairly long time for things to start to heal since the devastation that was wrought will continue to be a daily reminder for the foreseeable future.  But, hopefully, the coming together of numerous groups of people in New York City and the country in general that has occurred since September 11 will continue well into the future and make it a bit easier for people to try to move on, as difficult as that will be.
, Mark.  I'll be in touch, and I look forward to seeing you in a week or so.
John
John Klauberg
LeBoeuf, Lamb, Greene & MacRae, L.L.P.
212 424-8125
john.klauberg@llgm.com
Very impressive.  Mark
That's my own horn, but I am proud of this (the message is from our new chairman) and thought you might be interested. 
I thought we could all use some good news.  The recent American Lawyer associates survey -- which ranked us as the best law firm in California and ninth best in the country -- capped off a year of tremendous accolades to McCutchen.  These honors are the result of our firm values, our mutual commitment to each other and a lot of hard work. The challenge of the coming year will be not just to maintain these distinctions, but to do even better.  In the meantime, I wanted to share these with you because we all should be very proud of ourselves.
Fortune magazine lists McCutchen as one of "The 100 Best Companies to Work for in the U.S."  (January 2001 
Ranked #1 as having the largest percentage of female attorneys (and the second highest percentage of female equity partners) among the top 250 law firms in the country. (National Law Journal, December 2000 
Ranked one of the "25 Most Diverse Law Firms in America" (Minority Law Journal, December 2000 
Ranked #1 law firm in California and #6 in the country for commitment to pro bono work (American Lawyer, August 2001 
Ranked #1 in California (#9 in the country) in AmLaw's Annual Associates Survey (American Lawyer, October 2001 
Vault's Guide to the Top 100 Law Firms ranks McCutchen one of the "100 Most Prestigious Law Firms in the country (Winter 2001 
McCutchen's environmental practice is ranked in the top 3 nationwide (American Lawyer, October 2000 
McCutchen lawyers defended two of the top ten defense cases in California in 2000 (Daily Journal's Verdicts & Settlements, April 2001 
Donn 
E-MAIL NOTICE
This e-mail message is for the sole use of the intended recipient(s) and may contain confidential and/or privileged information. Any review, use, disclosure or distribution by persons or entities other than the intended recipient(s) is prohibited. If you are not the intended recipient, please contact the sender by reply and destroy all copies of the original message. Thank you.
McCUTCHEN, DOYLE, BROWN & ENERSEN, LLP
Thanks for the offer, but otherwise occupied  
,
Mark
If you're interested, I have a variety of single day and all tournament passes for The Tour Championship (next Thursday thru Sunday at Champions Golf Club).  Best of all, you don't have to hang out with me.  First come, first serve, so let me know if you'd like any.
H. William Swanstrom 
Locke Liddell & Sapp LLP 
Phone:  (713) 226-1143 
Fax:  (713) 229-2518 
bswanstrom@lockeliddell.com 
John:  There is a conflict of interest in Thompson having all the info and selling to a group formed by him and other employees.  We need to talk this through.  Maybe, he should take a leave of absence.  Should Jesus negotiate the deal for ENA?  Selling to employees is sensitive now.  Mark
Jim:  I want to put Aronowitz for ENA as well as EGM.  He will get an assist from Sager but he will lead.  Mark
All,
We had a preliminary meeting on Friday.  The attached is a summary of the matrix we developed as well as changes from subsequent e-mails.  Note, only one name has been placed in the matrix where two may have been suggested - if the name is not correct then please e-mail me back as soon as possible - only person per box please.  The names placed in the matrix will be directly responsible to the estate.
We need to meet Monday to: (1) agree on the matrix; (2) develop detailed processes for capturing value (trade books, structured deals, hard assets and business sales); (3) understand the approval process required on a go forward basis; (4) develop compensation / retention program for estate, (5) address any administrative concerns.
If you have not done so, please check the names in the matrix to ensure that they are correct and please send me any changes as well as their full names to be utilized for future e-mails.
,
Jim
Who rejected your plan?  The view I heard is that the proposal was too rich.  Are you looking for a counterproposal?  Mark
The situation from where I sit is fairly uncertain - as I understand it Corp has rejected our proposal and we are not sure under what authority or funding we are operating.  The preliminary list of names is as follows.  This list changes each day and includes both current employees and onew we need to get back.
A good number of these will be leaving today and not returning until I can give them some certainty on coninued employment and a retention plan.  If that happens, value lost to Corp. will be significant.
Eric Shaw
Naomi Connell
Mary Nell Browning
Melissa Allen
Janine Juggins
Marcus Von Bock
Kathy Tibbs
Ted Murphy
Rod Nelson
Cindy Horn
Chris Mahoney (+small team tba)
Ralph Jaeger
David Williams
Rob Sexton
Sally Bennett
James Vickerman
Pauline Wilson
[HR]
[Cash Management]
The proposed scope is not just ECTRIC but also ECT Europe Inc. and orderly wind up of european companies and operations.
Please let me know how to proceed.
Eric
John Sherriff has advised us of the proposal for you to lead a team to close out and maximise the value of the ECTRIC assets. Michelle Cash is the employment lawyer who is best placed to provide you with the agreements you require to obtain and keep the team you require.
Please could you send the list of individuals you need on the team to David Oxley and Michelle Cash who will advise further.
Kind 	
Marcus
Jim:  The last sentence was changed to "we expect you to perform".   Mark
Here is the letter we discussed.  MDS
[Haedicke, Mark E.]  Fall 
Thanks for the offer.  I cannot use them either.  Mark
I have my tickets (4 in Row 31 Section 122) available for Wednesday's
game.  I have a conflict and would be pleased if any of you could use
them for you or your people.  Game time is 12:15.  Let me know as soon
as you can.  Go Astros!
I don't know of any now.  Mark
Andy Edison has notified me that Jones, Day is representing a party in a litigation matter adverse to Enron. Please notify me if you are aware of any work that Jones, Day is performing for any Enron entity or for any lender or underwriter on an Enron matter.  Thank you. Jim
It can wait his return.  Please ask him if he is available to speak on Dec 4 at the conference.  Mark
Mark
Paul Simons is away from the office returning next Friday, 12 October.  Please let me know if this matter is urgent or whether it can await his return.
Many thanks.
Nina
Mark, Justin, Paul: Do you have any comments on the agenda?  Let me know and I will forward them on.  Mark
I am writing in   to ISDA's Energy and Developing Products conference
in London on December 4, 2001.  Attached is a copy of the final agenda for
your review.  Thank you both for your input and expertise. 
Please let me know if you have any more suggestions to improve the agenda
before it goes to print. 
Again thanks,
Liz
Liz O'Sullivan
ISDA
600 Fifth Avenue
Rockefeller Center - 27th floor
New York, NY 10020
Phone: (212) 332-2559
Fax: (212) 332-2561
morale, deal flow, how the open plan is working
Mark:
My next trip to the UK is scheduled for the week of November 5.  Is there anything specific you need me to address?
Thanks,
Jeff
There are some more developments re Bob that we should talk about.
Mark
Mark, Justin, Paul: Do you have any comments on the agenda?  Let me know and I will forward them on.  Mark
I am writing in   to ISDA's Energy and Developing Products conference
in London on December 4, 2001.  Attached is a copy of the final agenda for
your review.  Thank you both for your input and expertise. 
Please let me know if you have any more suggestions to improve the agenda
before it goes to print. 
Again thanks,
Liz
Liz O'Sullivan
ISDA
600 Fifth Avenue
Rockefeller Center - 27th floor
New York, NY 10020
Phone: (212) 332-2559
Fax: (212) 332-2561
It looks like a great program.  Mark
Janette:  Would you please forward on the notice of the ADL program to the energy group legal team.  It looks like a great program!   Mark
Hi Mark. How are plans for this year's BEAR program? I wanted to forward an invitation to a community program I am chairing later this month. I thought this would be of interest for your legal team. We are working on CLE credits for this as well. Call if you need more details.
Laura
Look forward to the discussion.  Mark
Mark, I have next Wednesday at 3:00 to meet with you in advance of the law conference.  I am participating in Vicki's Retail offsite Wednesday morning.  When we meet, we can discuss whatever you would like re: Canada, but I thought I would list high level items that may be of interest.  We can discuss any or all of this as you would like:
1.  Staffing - I would like to discuss with you my earlier memo re: an additional Toronto lawyer
2.  Forms Development - Wholesale, but especially Retail
2.  PPA - I sent you an update e-mail on the outstanding issues but can give you an overview
3.  Alberta Wholesale Power - Progress since deregulation
5.  Alberta Wholesale Gas
4.  Ontario Wholesale Power - Progress to market opening
5.  Ontario Wholesale Gas
6.  Alberta Retail
7.  Ontario Retail  
____________________________________
Peter C.M. Keohane
Vice President, Assistant General Counsel
and Secretary
Enron Canada Corp.
Phone:	(403) 974-6923
Fax:	(403) 974-6707
E-mail:	peter.keohane@
Liz:
Greg is scheduled to speak on Friday, October 12 at 8:30 am for 30-45 minutes.  No slides are necessary.  The lawyers will be interested in where Greg sees the growth in the company and where the business is strong.  There will be Q&A and I think he will get some good questions.  Some possible questions:  What does Greg expect from the legal department?  How will the attacks impact on our business?  What will be his focus in his new job?  It should be a very friendly crowd -- since Greg knows most of the lawyers and they know him.
I miss you too 
Mark Haedicke  
Hi Mark,
Boy, I'm missing you and Janette!
I wanted to drop you an email to get more information on Greg's talk at your conference on 10/12.  I believe he's going to address your group on business updates.  Are there particulars you wish for him to cover?  How long is he speaking and at what time?  Do you wants slides?  Will there be a Q&A and if yes, any thoughts on what people will be asking 
Many Thanks,
Liz Taylor
Exec. Assistant to Greg Whalley
Office of the Chairman
Enron Corporation
Tel.   713.853.1935
Fax   713.853.1838
I am disappointed on the timing but I understand.  Thanks.  Mark
Mark -
FYI - I have attached below a screen shot of the proposed new look and feel for the site.  We have a couple of tweaks to make, but I believe this is a much cleaner look than what we have now.
Unfortunately, because of the virus we lost a good part of development time last week.  This has pushed back the completion schedule at this time by at least a week, which means that the site will not be updated and operational by the time the law conference comes along.  If you want information about the site disseminated, I can provide an overview of the new look and feel and new functions that we anticipate having.  I believe a new target release date is realistically Nov. 1.
Please let me know if you should need anything further.
Mark
Thanks for inviting me.  I unfortunately will not be able to attend.
,
Mark Haedicke
As part of the festivities of the 25th anniversary of Tozzini, Freire, Teixeira e Silva Advogados, the firm has the pleasure of inviting you to the cocktail party that will open the exhibition of the works of the French artist Auguste Rodin, in Sao Paulo, Brazil.
The event will be held at "Pinacoteca do Estado de Sao Paulo" on the evening of the 30th of September, 2001. Please find details in the attached file (invitation-rodin.exe)
Shortly you will be receiving the invitation by mail.
Yours Sincerely,
Tozzini, Freire, Teixeira e Silva Advogados
Sao Paulo - Brazil
Did we talk about the cap on breakage fee?
Mark Haedicke
Where did we come out on a cap on breakage fee?
Mark Haedicke
Mark Haedicke
Thanks Derek.  Mark
Please find attached a legal risks memo regarding the AUMA deal.
Derek S. Flaman
Enron Energy Services Canada Corp.
Phone: 403 663 2829
Is there anything I need to work on tonight?  What is the schedule tonight?  Mark
3 percent, around 350 million. They still want 1 billion cap on top of the 2 for litigation.
Please handle.  Mark0
Mark Haedicke
Pls send me final executed copies of all the Merger related documents ASAP!!
Thanks
We will get you a summary soon.  Mark
Mark Haedicke
Clem:  Thanks for raising that question because it is very important that we are coordinated.  I have forwarded this question on to Jordan and I think he and I need to work together on this matter.  Perhaps the three of us should get on the telephone to resolve.
Mark
Mark,
I have attached the letter that Enron Corp. recently sent to V&E regarding legal contingencies.   In conjunction with Arthur Andersen working on its opinion with respect to the Northern and Transwestern financials, it has asked Enron Corp. to furnish information related to contingencies (including the SEC investigation).  V&E is currently working on providing its response to Arthur Andersen.  Joe Dilg would like your confirmation that we are making a consistent statement in the Enron Corp. letter with that which would be given to the banks with respect to draw requests reps (draw downs).  I have highlighted the language in red.  It is the last sentence of the first paragraph under the heading Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) Investigation and Pending Litigation.  Your prompt response would be much appreciated.
Clem
Coordination is a major problem at Enron.  You are asking all the right questions.  Mark
FYI; let me know if you have any thoughts about my approach below.  I met with Jeff Golden earlier today and he suggested that such a "matrix" was being prepared and should be ready for distribution early next week.  It amazes me that we don't have all of this in a nice, neat little package.  I will push hard to make sure this gets put together.
Jordan
Good luck on the forms of documents.  I tried to implement this for two years, but I couldn't get anyone in the legal department to take it on, nor could I get buy-in from the satellite corporate development groups.  I sincerely hope you are successful, although it may fall into the category of too little, too late 
Take care,
Mark
Some of what follows may be old news or otherwise outdated, but as I try to get up the learning curve w/r/t our efforts regarding asset dispositions, I thought it may be helpful to summarize some items that I would think could be extremely helpful in the organization of our commercial and legal actions.  I recognize that there is no "one template fits all"; nevertheless,  it would be extremely helpful if we already have or are otherwise organizing the following:
(1) Forms of CAs, LOUs/MOUs, PSA Agreements, and other relevant M&A docs;
(2) Matrix-type organization for every asset/business/investment that is "for sale" providing for the following:
(a) Asset description and location;
(b) Ownership of asset, including ownership schematics;
(c) Book value of asset; estimated market value--and support for such; relevant financial information;
(d) Likely purchasers;
(e) Restrictions on transferability, including tax issues, consents, regulatory approvals, financings, etc.
(f) Lead commercial contact;
(g) In-house legal support, accounting support, tax support;
(h) Outside counsel (U.S. and local, where appropriate);
(i)  Outside advisors (investment bank, etc) and their counsel;
(j) Status report and likely (realistic) timeframe; and
(k) Other
If any of you can advise me whether we already have these items in place or, if not, your suggestions in this regard, I would very much appreciate it.
Jordan
Sami:  Please set some time on my schedule tomorrow to talk this through.  Mark
Mark;
Today, Brett Wiggs told me that there will be a significant number of cuts on our Brazil staff (including Legal) within the next couple of weeks.  He asked me to think about a new structure to assist a small commercial team.  I asked about John Novak and he said "he will probably end up being repatriated and you will become General Counsel".  I was obviously a bit puzzled about his comments/questions and, since he was travelling to the Eletrobolt site today, I asked for some time before giving him any answers.  I wanted to know from you if this is something I should discuss with Brett Wiggs only, or you/Brett, or you/Brett/Novak, or 
If the Brazil office remains open/alive focusing (primarily) on power marketing activities, I am sure that Karla Azevedo and I could handle all the business guys.  However, I anticipate that, within the next couple of months, there will be plenty of corporate work to be done in the near future such as Central Bank and Board of Trade matters (we would have to decide whether we keep Patricia Dutra in-house OR whether to outsource all corporate & institutional workload to outside counsel  -  I'd rather keep Patricia Dutra until everything is worked out well) as well as a lot of legal work to do on the Eletrobolt financing (where Luiz Watanabe and his trainee Aline Merone are focused).
I'd very much appreciate it if you could find a few minutes to provide me with your thoughts on the matter.  I know we are all going through heavy turbulence these days ...  sorry to bother you with this matter.
Tks & Rgds,
Sami
I think it wii be about 7 or 8?  Dad
Mark Haedicke
Justin, I do not think I am going to nyc.  Love Dad
Mark Haedicke
Good luck.  I will email you later.  Dad
Mark Haedicke
Rosalee:  Mark Taylor and I can get this done through Enron Net Works.  Thanks.   Mark Haedicke
Mark, is this what you were working on at one point?  Maybe it should go to Sally Beck, but I'm not sure.
Rosie
Ken,
I don't know if you are the right person for this - but I thought that someone should register Enron in the new domain(s) asap before we lose them.
Although I am in IT, I am not really in the right area and neither is my direct chain of command (although I think they are just great to work for)
Sorry to have troubled you, but I KNOW that if I mention it, then you will get it to the right person for consideration.
Many thanks
Andrew Henderson
I need to talk through our cash position for tomorrow at with our contingency team. I would like to do it today at 4:30 pm central time. Mark Haedicke
Congrats!  Thanks for your help.  Mark
Happy to confirm this deal closed about an hour ago.  We rec'd $135,000,000.
EDD
The transaction for the sale of the New Albany Peaker Plant just closed.  Paul Garcia of Enron treasury confirmed that we received the wire transfer of the purchase proceeds from Duke. 
I would like to personally thank everyone that was involved in the sales process.  This transaction went very smoothly and I received several compliments from our counterparty regarding our professionalism on this deal.
Please take all post-closing actions that are required to finally consummate the conveyance and also be aware that the Purchase and Sale Agreement requires us to keep any and all data or information regarding the project and the transaction confidential for a period of two years.  In order to comply with the foregoing provision, I would strongly suggest that conversations regarding this transaction be limited to only those Enron employees who have a "need to know."
Thanks
Stuart
no problem
Mark:
I intend to take Friday, November 2 as a vacation day if that works with you.  That is my son's birthday and we are planning on spending the day with him 
Jeff
I am ok so long as the firm would never pursue litigation against Enron -- on that basis I would grant the waiver.  Mark
I have periodically received requests from Andy Kramer in the form of the attached.  How should I address this issue?  I would not want to provide a waiver that may otherwise raise an issue for Enron.  Thanks in advance for your guidance.  SHD Rob:
Congratulations!  We will need to talk about some additional coordination.  Let me know when is convenient for you. 
Mark
Today, we are forming Enron Global Services (EGS) in order to more closely align our asset-based businesses.
This reorganization will allow EGS to focus our resources on opportunities that present the highest value to Enron.  It will also accomplish the following:  1) enhanced synergies among our assets and personnel, 2) more effective prioritization of business opportunities, and 3) better management of Enron's asset-based businesses throughout the world.
Enron Global Services' energy asset portfolio includes the North American pipeline businesses of Enron Transportation Services (ETS), including Northern Border; the international pipeline, power and distribution operations of Enron Global Assets & Services (EGAS); Portland General Electric; EOTT Energy Corp; Enron Wind; Azurix and Wessex Water 
Reporting to me as the heads of their respective business units are:
?	Jim Hughes, President & COO - EGS/International
?	Danny McCarty, Managing Director & CCO - ETS
?	Bill Cordes, President - Northern Border Partners
?	Peggy Fowler, President & CEO - Portland General Electric
?	John Garrison, President & CEO - Azurix
?	Dana Gibbs, President & COO - EOTT Energy Corp
?	Colin Skellett, CEO - Wessex Water
?	Adam Umanoff, President & CEO - Enron Wind
With the creation of EGS, we hope to enhance the efficient utilization of our commercial support services.  To accomplish this, EGS' staff and operational functions will be headed by:
?	Rod Hayslett, Managing Director & CFO 
?	Rob Walls, Managing Director & General Counsel 
?	Phil Lowry, Managing Director, Pipeline Operations and Engineering & Construction
?	Brian Stanley, President & CEO - EEOS
?	Steve Hotte, Vice President & CIO
?	John Ambler, Vice President, Communications & PR	
?	Gary Smith, Vice President, Human Resources
In addition, Rob Walls will continue to perform his role as Deputy General Counsel for Enron reporting to Jim Derrick.
Phil Lowry will be responsible for domestic pipeline operations, technical services and engineering & construction, as well as, international pipeline technical services and engineering & construction.  Brian Stanley will be responsible for technical services and engineering & construction for international power and distribution facilities 
Below is an organization chart for Enron Global Services, which displays the changes described here.  We are confident this new organization will focus our talent and capital appropriately.  Please join me in supporting this management team as it strives to maximize Enron's return on its assets.
I will call.  Thanks. M
Mark -
Let's discuss this so there is no misunderstanding about where EFI is likely to come out on their claim.
Thanks.
Rob
Bruce:
After a couple of go arounds, below is the Indian counsel's (Mr. Talwar) opinion with respect to Enron Fuels International's (EFI) claim as to the Fixed Fee as provided in the Fuel Management Agreement (FMA).  I am sure Doug Leach has mentioned to you the mark-to-market and accrual income exposure of $14 million should the FMA also were rescinded or parlayed in the final resolution.  EFI is continuing to invoice for the Fixed Fee every month although the plant is not operating as is DPC to MSEB.
Mr. Talwar's view is that as long as the PPA is valid, EFI has the right to collect the fee.  If, however, the PPA is declared to be invalid as per MSEB's claim, then EFI would not be entitled to the fee.
I just want to point out that as DPC (and Enron) is working for a resolution, EFI's role should also be considered.  And along those lines, EFI should take an active role in pursuing that its interest is protected.
Please call me at 35336 to discuss.
-- Tushar
Gentlemen:
I think this e-mail I received early Saturday morning directly and succinctly answers the questions we posed to Indian counsel.  Let's talk at your convenience.
Andy
Dear Andy,
The answers to each of your questions is as follows :
1.      There is no theory under Indian law that Enron could use, to make an enforceable claim against MSEB in the context of the facts placed before us.
2.      The concept of agency relationships does exist under Indian Contract Law.  The concept of third party beneficiary claims does not exist under Indian Contract Law.  However, Enron cannot make use of the agency relationship theory as the Agreement has not, apart from stating that DPC will be Enron's agent, stated that DPC will be acting under the Agreement as agent for Enron for all purposes.
3.      Yes, our view is that Enron has no enforceable claim against MSEB on the basis of the facts placed before us and the provisions of the Agreement.  However, if DPC makes a claim against MSEB and a judgment is awarded to DPC for recovery of the Fixed Fee, either as such or by way of damage, then Enron would have a right to attach the amount that may be payable by MSEB to DPC.
Kind 
Suresh
Sent:   Friday, September 21, 2001 6:41 PM
Cc:     kiran.khanna@crawfordbayley.com
I am a little bit confused.  Is there any theory under Indian law we could
use to make a claim against MSEB?  In America, we might have a claim under
an agency relationship or a third party beneficiary claim.  Is there any
such creature under Indian law?  Is your advice that we have no claim
whatsoever?
Sent:   Friday, September 21, 2001 7:05 AM
Cc:     kiran.khanna@crawfordbayley.com
Subject:  Fuel Management Agreement
Hello Andy,
I refer to your email of 20th September, 2001 seeking clarification in
respect of the advice we gave you on the 19th of September, 2001 on the
Fuel Management Agreement (Agreement).
You wish to know whether Enron Fuels International Inc (Enron/Fuel
Manager) could make a claim under Indian law against MSEB on any
potential theories such as agency relationship, third party beneficiary
claims etc.
MSEB has to discharge certain functions under the Agreement.  These
include amongst others, approving of the Fuel Management Plan proposed
by the Fuel Manager, providing copies to the Fuel Manager of notices
issued by MSEB to DPC pursuant to certain clauses in the PPA, etc.
There is no provision in the Agreement to suggest that Enron has entered
into the Agreement relying on the continued subsistence of the PPA and
no commitment has been made by MSEB under the Agreement in that behalf.
Enron's right to the Fixed Fee from DPC under the Agreement, is
contingent upon DPC being paid the corresponding PPA Fuel Management Fee
by MSEB.  I assume that the only parties to the PPA are DPC and MSEB.
The payment of the PPA Fuel Management Fee by MSEB to DPC is governed by
the provisions of the PPA, to which Enron is not a party.  Therefore
there is no privity of contract between Enron and MSEB/DPC as  
the PPA.  As a result, Enron has no claim against MSEB for non-payment
of the PPA Fuel Management Fee to DPC and therefore has no claim against
MSEB under the Agreement as there is no breach by MSEB of its functions
under the Agreement.
I trust I have answered your query adequately.  Please feel free to call
for any questions that you may have.
Kind 
Suresh
.
Scott Tholan.   , Mark
I couldn't find a phone number for your guy who is working the security/background check issue we discussed yesterday (I think I garbled his name by the time I got back to my office).  Pls let me know who to contact as I'd like to make sure we have some uniformity of practice on this issue.  Thanks. df
Not necessary.  Thanks.  Mark
Would it be helpful if I start copying you on these?
Robert H. George
Just wanted to let you know that I have booked plane reservations on my remaining airline miles for the above dates.  I will be back on the 2nd. I hope your vacation is going well 
That makes sense.  How do we notify our trading counterparties?  Mark
Due to the extent of work required to modify our annexes, GTCs etc. on EOL (IT coordination, counterparty notification and the like) and the traders' strong preference to not often make changes on EOL product documentation, we propose to implement the EOL form change in one aggregate revision as and when the trading forms committee concludes its work on events of default and termination valuation/remedies.  Should you think this should be handled differently, please advise.  Mary
Cordially,
Mary Cook
Dear Mark:
As you may know already, the American Chamber of Commerce - Rio de Janeiro Chapter postponed the Brazil Energy Seminar into November 16. In view of such postponement, we have cancelled our trip to Houston next week.
Nevertheless, Jos? Luis Freire, Marcio Baptista and myself have already scheduled to be in attendance of such Seminar. Therefore, we will keep you posted on our travel arrangements later so that we are able to reschedule our visit with you.
,
Jos? Emilio
Jos? Emilio Nunes Pinto
Tozzini, Freire, Teixeira e Silva Advogados
Rua L?bero Badar?, 293 - 21? andar
01095-900 S?o Paulo, S.P.
Brasil
Tel: (5511) 3291-1232
Fax: (5511) 3291-1111
jenp@tozzini.com.br
Yes.  I was very lucky to get back Saturday!  Mark
Are you back yet? 
Thanks.  Let's get together after the end of the quarter and discuss.  Mark
Attached is a first draft of the EES legal risk  matrix.  We will need to discuss what should go in the right columns.
J:  Please add this to our spiral bound book.  Mark
Attached is a first draft of the EES legal risk  matrix.  We will need to discuss what should go in the right columns.
Thanks.  Let's get together after the end of the quarter and discuss.  Mark
Attached is a first draft of the EES legal risk  matrix.  We will need to discuss what should go in the right columns.
Looks good  to me.  Mark
Attached for your review is our position (prepared by me and Kevin Liss in the EWS Tax Department), to be presented by me on Thursday morning in Washington D.C., regarding expanding the category of hedgeable risks for U.S. tax purposes to include weather and other appropriate volumetric risks.  I will call you each to follow up.  SHD.
I am stuck in London.  I will attend either in person or by video from our London office.
Mark Haedicke
PLEASE NOTE THE TIME FOR MONDAY'S MEETING 
Date:           Monday, September 17 
Time:           11:30 a.m. (Central) 
Location:       50th Floor Boardroom 
Video:          Connections will be established with remote locations upon request. 
Conf. Call:     Please contact me for dial-in number and passcode. 
Please indicate if you plan to attend this meeting and through what medium. 
_____   I will attend in person 
_____   By video conference 
_____   By conference call 
_____   I will not attend 
Please return this e-mail to me with your response by 4:00 p.m. today. 
Thanks, 
Joannie 
3-1769 
I am stuck in London -- hope to get out  Sunday.  Nice to hear from you.
Mark
Mark--Washington still is very somber and far from normal. Hope all is well 
with you. 
Bill 
This from a German trader in the RT group 
Sent: Wednesday, September 12, 2001 9:01 PM 
 Like so many of you, I feel deeply for the terrible tragedy that has 
 occurred. My thoughts and prayers are with the victims and their families, 
 and with the American people. 
 
 Germany is in shock. All public building are flagged at half-mast. In 
 uninterrupted streams for the past 30 or so hours, people have been 
placing 
 flowers in front of the American embassy in Berlin, and the American 
 consulates in other cities. During working hours, you could see many 
school 
 children who came individually or with their teacher, trying to place 
their 
 flowers as close to the embassy gates as possible; during lunch break and 
 after the offices close, the other age groups come. Many are sobbing, or 
 have tears in their eyes. Now, at night, you see numerous windows that 
have 
 candles placed in them. Memorial services are being held all over the 
 country for the victims. This morning a memorial service was held in a 
large 
 cathedral in Berlin, with the Chancellor and other dignitaries present. 
The 
 cathedral was filled to the overflowing, with so many people wanting to 
 attend that a second service had to be scheduled immediately thereafter. 
 
 The world, and Germany in particular, has much for which to be thankful to 
 America; now America deserves the loyalty of her allies. Her kind, 
 large-hearted, and freedom-loving spirit, more than any technological 
power, 
 has made America the leader of the world and a beacon of light and hope 
for 
 the downtrodden nations. I know this great nation will prevail over the 
 present crisis, and come out the stronger for it. God bless America! 
 
 Michael Suesserott 
 
 
J:  Please forward this on to the Enron employees that plan events.  Shira is a family friend and I would recommend her.  Also give me a status report.  Mark
_________________________________________________________________ 
That sounds  positive.  Mark
FYI re:  glass ceiling audit.  It looks like DC is more receptive than the local offices.  I'll keep you posted.  Michelle
Yesterday, Steve heard back from Harold Busch at OFCCP inWashington.  Steve's description of their conversation was more encouraging than any of the discussions we have had with the Regional Office.  Steve gave me a general description of the conversation, which is summarized below  
Mr. Busch indicated that he wanted to discuss this matter as a "last step before litigation."  He said that although it was an old case, it was not a closed case from the agency's perspective because there still might be victims out there.  He also suggested that the open audit probably was a "sore thumb" for Enron.  Therefore, he was interested in talking about possible resolution.
Steve indicated that he appreciated that, but wondered what Busch had heard about the audit.  Busch had heard only from the OFCCP side, and had no perspective on Enron's side (although he had reviewed our response to the show cause notice).  In response, Steve did a little water dropping.  He told Mr. Busch that the Regional Office never identified a specific victim of discrimination or unfair treatment, but provided only a statistical approach.  He said that Enron did its own, individualized analysis.  Enron looked at specific individuals to find out why there were pay distinctions in those groups where there may have been a statistical concern.  In most instances, we found legitimate explanations for the disparities; in those where we could not, we took care of the situation  
Steve also clarified that there was a fundamental difference of opinion between Enron and the agency over which statistical analysis to use. The agency's approach was broad, which resulted in a demand for a big payment, as opposed to our individualized review.  Mr. Busch responded that this was why he thought it would be productive for us to get together.
Busch indicated that he was interested in closure of the matter, if possible.  Either it is closed through a conciliated resolution, litigation, or, if the agency is wrong, it could close the case itself  
At the end of the conversation, Steve indicated a willingness on our part to talk with him and his team.  Busch offered to come to Houston to meet, or to have Enron go to DC for the first meeting, with the second meeting taking place in Houston.  Steve thought that Busch may want to come to Houston.  In terms of timing, we are looking at the week of Sept. 24 as the earliest possible date for such a meeting  
All in all, it sounds like an encouraging conversation.  I believe that the first meeting should be in DC to reduce the likelihood of facing players from the local office, as I believe that they will pursue their prior view of the matter.  We are going to regroup next week to begin work on a high-level presentation to discuss with Busch when the meeting actually takes place.
Steve, if I left anything out, or am misquoting what happened, please let everyone know.
Michelle
Dave, in the Dunn Committee case, we just got a great order in our favor out of the courts.  We need to try to leverage off this order to slow down the AG.  Mark
Vicki/Mark, the harrassment of EES's customers in California continues at great pace - it seems like I am getting messages like this everyday.  Can we get a restraining order/sue the government, etc.
This is going to start hurting business soon and is clearly a witch hunt 
Delainey
Dan Leff
09/06/2001 11:54 AM
David Tagliarino, Enron Sports Marketing Group, received a call today from John Yee, CFO of the SF Giants.  David, John and I got back on the phone this morning.  Following is a summary of our discussion:
John Yee, CFO, SF Giants, received a letter from the CA AG's office requesting their cooperation in an "....investigation concerning Enron....".  (John will fax that letter to me and I will circulate it)
John called the AG's office per their request in the letter received
The AG's office was digging for a bunch of information:
total MWH consumed
contract start date
term of contract
general questions about T's & C's
whether Enron had cancelled the contract
who was supplying electricity
copies of the agreements and letters of communication from Enron to the SF Giants
John was generally responsive and indicated that Enron has been great, has honored its contract, still has a contract in place, etc.
John pushed back on supplying any more information without a written request from the AG's office, and then also indicated that they would only supply what was required by law
The AG's office responded by indicating that they may have to subpoena the Giants
John will wait and see what the AG's office does
He will keep us in the communication loop and make sure that we have copies of the communication from the AG's office
Thanks - Dan
Calpine in ok.  Mark
The following 11 applications will go for approval at the next Board meeting
on September 13.
Please let me know if anyone is familiar with the Subscriber applicants
Northwater Capital Management or Castle Mountain Group.
Thanks
Mary
Primary Regional
1.  Calpine Energy Services , L.P. - U.S. based
Associate
2.  VOB - Service GmbH - software company (application was deferred from
August 2, Executive Committee meeting for full Board consideration)
3.  Beachfire, Inc. - software company
4.  Vischer LLC Attorneys at law - Swiss law firm
Associate Emerging
5.  Shearn Delamore & Co. - Malaysian law firm
Non-Dealer Financial Subscriber
6.  Federal Home Loan Bank of Boston
Subscriber
7.  JWM Partners, LLC - investment management firm (application was deferred
from August 2, Executive Committee meeting for full Board consideration)
8.  Clarica Life Insurance Company - (application was deferred from August
2, Executive Committee meeting for full Board consideration.)
9.  Northwater Capital Management Inc. (formerly Newcastle Capital
Management Inc.) - investment management firm based in Toronto.
10.  Glencore International AG - Swiss based commodities company
11.  Castle Mountain Group, LLC - investment management group based in
Michigan
Thanks!  Yes, please keep me off the Section 16 list!   Mark
Mark:  I have been so busy with all the legal issues relating to all the changes going on at the Company that I forgot to congratulate you for your appointment to the Management Committee---Congratulations!  I think that's great, and certainly well deserved.  I will endeavor to keep you off the Section 16 list!  Rex
I am pleased to announce the formation of the Enron Management Committee.  The Management Committee comprises our business unit and function leadership and will focus on the key management, strategy, and policy issues facing Enron.  The Management Committee will supplant the former Policy Committee and will include the following individuals:
Ken Lay - Chairman and CEO, Enron Corp.
Ray Bowen - COO, Enron Industrial Markets
Michael Brown - COO, Enron Europe
Rick Buy - Exec VP & Chief Risk Officer, Enron Corp.
Rick Causey - Exec VP & Chief Accounting Officer, Enron Corp.
Dave Delainey - Chairman and CEO, Enron Energy Services
Jim Derrick - Exec VP & General Counsel, Enron Corp.
Janet Dietrich - President, Enron Energy Services
Jim Fallon - President & CEO, Enron Broadband Services
Andy Fastow - Exec VP & CFO, Enron Corp.
Mark Frevert - Chairman & CEO, Enron Wholesale Services
Ben Glisan - Managing Director & Treasurer, Enron Corp.
Mark Haedicke - Managing Director & General Counsel, Enron Wholesale Services
Kevin Hannon - CEO, Enron Global Assets & Services
Stan Horton - Chairman & CEO, Enron Transportation Services
Jim Hughes - President & COO, Enron Global Assets & Services
Steve Kean - Exec. VP & Chief of Staff, Enron Corp.
Louise Kitchen - COO, Enron Americas
Mark Koenig - Exec VP, Investor Relations, Enron Corp.
John Lavorato - President & CEO, Enron Americas
Mike McConnell - President & CEO, Enron Global Markets
Jeff McMahon - President & CEO, Enron Industrial Markets
Jeff Shankman - COO, Enron Global Markets
John Sherriff - President & CEO, Enron Europe
Greg Whalley - President & COO, Enron Wholesale Services
After we convene the Management Committee later this week, I will make a further announcement regarding the Executive Committee.
Greg:  It has been 120 days for voice mail that is not deleted.  It should be further reduced to 7 days  
Mark Haedicke
who sends out messages like these?  what is the current policy?  does this mean that deleted items are kept, or just saved ones?  30 days is a really long time!!!1
Please be advised that effective Monday, September  10, 2001, the retention policy for all voice mails will be 30 days. 
who sends out messages like these?  what is the current policy?  does this mean that deleted items are kept, or just saved ones?  30 days is a really long time!!!1
Please be advised that effective Monday, September  10, 2001, the retention policy for all voice mails will be 30 days. 
Thanks for the message.  Mark
California Power Authority ("CPA") held its first meeting with developers last week.  We attended and presented ourselves as a potential developer and seller of turbines to either the CPA or CPA developers.   CPA has issued a form of non-binding LOI for interested developers to sign.  It needs to be signed in the next 24 hours (!) in order to stay in the CPA program.   I would like to do that (subject to legal edits) so that we can stay at the table 
I bring this to your attention because it may be press-released that we have reached agreement with CPA and that we are offering to build a project for the CPA. 
Please let me know if you have any issues with this.
,
Chris Calger
503-464-3735
Sounds like a great result!  Congratulations.  Mark
All,
I am pleased to report that we have resolved the infamous James River contract with BPA under favorable terms.  The signed agreements are on my desk right now.  Besides significantly reducing our litigation risk, the addition of 7.5 MW/h and the change of delivery point have added $22.8 million to the value of the contract.
BPA and EPMI have amended the original contract to specify that (i) BPA will deliver 102 MW/h 24/7 for the 5-year term of the agreement (an increase of 7.5 MW/h over the original), (ii) the disputed "alternative delivery point" is designated as Mid-C, (iii) all language to the contrary is deleted from the agreement, (iv) the parties agree to "book out" the James River physical deliveries against EPMI sales to BPA at the Mid-C delivery point (so no power will flow); and (v) we will continue to invoice BPA each month for the term of the agreement, just as if the power was still flowing.
Although my preference would have been to terminate the James River agreement, BPA refused to do so because it would not have been able to recover the costs of this contract in its rates.  Similarly, I had hoped that we could do a one-time book-out, but BPA refused to do so because--according to BPA's finance person---such a book-out would have converted this to a financial deal requiring BPA to use mark-to-market accounting.  Therefore, we executed two documents:  one amending the original contract, and another called the "Book-Out Agreement," which sets out an agreement to book-out specific transactions over the next five years 
I am satisfied that this is a favorable deal for EPMI because (1) we resolve the disputes over quantity and delivery point, which (2) will make it very difficult for BPA to change its mind in the future and argue that we are not entitled to receive power unless we are selling it to James River, and (3) the negotiated increase in quantity and change in delivery point add over $22 million in value to the contract 
Thanks to everyone for your help.
Steve
Andy:  Can you look into this while Richard is out of the office 
We need some guidance on voicemail retention in Portland for both PGE and ENA.  This should be driven by legal -- not technology.  ENA currently uses PGE's voicemail system in Portland.  I'm not sure if there can be a different set of rules for each.  We need clear direction on what legal thinks the policy should be for each entity.  Please advise.
Tim,
Not to question Kathy, but should we not have a lawyer (Richard Sanders for example) sign off on this?
If so, please give me direction today.
Dave
Dave:  I would leave PGE retention policy as it is.  Once you get your own system in the next few months, we will use the 30 day retention policy to govern voicemail boxes.  Thanks!
Kathy
As you know, ENA PDX is using the PGE Meridian Centrex Phones and Mer Mail voice mail system.  As a result of this email, I have contacted PGE Telephony services to evaluate our ability to comply 
We, ENA PDX and PGE, already have a couple of questions:
Is PGE subject to this policy?
If for some reason the existing system keeps us, ENA PDX, from being able to comply, what are our options.
Is the phone system we have ordered (and its voicemail system), able to meet these needs without modification to the order. 
I am sure that other questions will come up, and I will communicate back to you what PGE finds 
Please get back to me with thoughts.
The PGE Contact is Ruth Ash ruth_ash@pgn.com (503)464.8663
Dave
Please be advised that effective Monday, September  10, 2001, the retention policy for all voice mails will be 30 days. 
I will be attending.  Mark Haedicke
Dear ISDA Board of Directors:
This is a reminder that the next meeting of the Board of Directos will be
held on Thursday, September 13, 2001 at the offices of Deutsche Bank in
London.  Please confirm you attendance at the meeting by email as soon as
possible.  The meeting agenda and materials will be sent to you shortly.
Thanks
I have asked J to send it out.  Mark
Mark: a suggestion re email to specialists. my assistant has list and we can send for you or janette could do from there. let me know 
As you know, our group of attorneys within the Enron Wholesale Services legal department has recently grown substantially.  As a result, our space at the previously scheduled EWS legal conference at the Woodlands in October has become constrained and we have outgrown our budget. Instead of having legal specialists attend the conference this year, we have scheduled a lunch on October 26, 2001 at the Doubletree Hotel from 12 to 3. We are scheduling several outside speakers to talk about current topics at the lunch. You will be getting further information from Lisa Mellencamp about the details, but please mark your calendars and plan on attending!
Mark: the doubletree hotel has a room available and charges $500. there are 35 specialists (including ebs and ees). they will serve mexican style buffet lunch for about $24 a person, plus tax/service charge. thinking of 2 outside speakers (local--i liked the ve guy the other day on privacy and documents e.g.) and for you to speak as well. janette booked you for 12-1:30 so you can eat lunch and speak and duck out if you want. i will go and think will have a couple other attorneys to sprinkle around at tables (let me know if you have view or i will just do). my assistant will handle details and i will arrange speakers etc. total cost: about $1,800 (tho having pr people see if can get any cheaper 
i have revised budget for conference which i will send you within next day (waiting on one thing from woodlands re it) and the lunch will be on it as well in a second category so we can get turned in and approved. i want to send this email out on the same day as a reminder of date on the woodlands to applicable people. steve kean not available but rick shapiro/ jim steffas are. bruce lundstrum signed up with skadden lawyer. klauberg signed up with elizabeth.i  were you going to talk to evans? i have call into vicki re retail ideas.
J, please get this message ready to send from me to the Specialists.  Mark
Mark: a suggestion re email to specialists. my assistant has list and we can send for you or janette could do from there. let me know 
As you know, our group of attorneys within the Enron Wholesale Services legal department has recently grown substantially.  As a result, our space at the previously scheduled EWS legal conference at the Woodlands in October has become constrained and we have outgrown our budget. Instead of having legal specialists attend the conference this year, we have scheduled a lunch on October 26, 2001 at the Doubletree Hotel from 12 to 3. We are scheduling several outside speakers to talk about current topics at the lunch. You will be getting further information from Lisa Mellencamp about the details, but please mark your calendars and plan on attending!
Mark: the doubletree hotel has a room available and charges $500. there are 35 specialists (including ebs and ees). they will serve mexican style buffet lunch for about $24 a person, plus tax/service charge. thinking of 2 outside speakers (local--i liked the ve guy the other day on privacy and documents e.g.) and for you to speak as well. janette booked you for 12-1:30 so you can eat lunch and speak and duck out if you want. i will go and think will have a couple other attorneys to sprinkle around at tables (let me know if you have view or i will just do). my assistant will handle details and i will arrange speakers etc. total cost: about $1,800 (tho having pr people see if can get any cheaper 
i have revised budget for conference which i will send you within next day (waiting on one thing from woodlands re it) and the lunch will be on it as well in a second category so we can get turned in and approved. i want to send this email out on the same day as a reminder of date on the woodlands to applicable people. steve kean not available but rick shapiro/ jim steffas are. bruce lundstrum signed up with skadden lawyer. klauberg signed up with elizabeth.i  were you going to talk to evans? i have call into vicki re retail ideas.
Peter:
This is a tough battle.  It may be worse because your clients are either the same ones or geographically very close.  I would try to address it by pointing out the limitations of the simplier forms and as a fallback emphasize the increased risk (legal and otherwise) when using the shorter forms.
Mark
Mark, on the "retail" front, I did not want to get into all of the detail around what is happening in Canadian Retail in the Legal Committee call (did not realize Vicki et al. are now joining our calls), but I am meeting with Vicki later today (4:00 pm central) to review Canadian Retail.  Do you want to join?  The major "retail" issue is the commercial pace to transact outstripping the pace at which we can catch up legally to certain aspects of the business - not so much for transacting between us and the counterparties - but more in terms of understanding and mitigating "distribution" risks with and behind the LDC under applicable tariffs, T&Cs, policies and procedures.
On the related but "wholesale" front, I would also like to talk to you for 5-10 mins. to get your thoughts on transacting within the cross-over between "retail" and "wholesale".  More precisely, wholesale traders/originators have more and more pressure to transact at or behind the LDC rather than around a wholesale "hub" - particularly when it comes to power or Eastern gas.  This introduces "retail" type issues into the wholesale transacting process, with implications for our transacting/forms procedures.  Since the distinction here between retail and wholesale has developed around commercial "turf", and not the nature of the counterparty, the wholesale traders/originators are looking more and more at transactions that are "retail" in nature.  The result is the wholesale traders/originators pushing to use the "simpler" or less rigorous contracting procedures and forms developed for our "retail" market for these "wholesale/retail" deals, which I am not sure is always appropriate, but for which I am having difficulty drawing the line.  I have an idea, which is to create wholesale products under our Master Agreements which address "retail" type issues.  The problem is where to draw the line and the resistance to what is perceived by wholesale traders/originators as a more rigorous standard, as compared to both internal Enron Direct "competitiors" and external competition.
Peter. =20
____________________________________
Peter C.M. Keohane
Vice President, Assistant General Counsel
and Secretary
Enron Canada Corp.
Phone:=09(403) 974-6923
Fax:=09(403) 974-6707
E-mail:=09peter.keohane@
Peter/Chris:
Have we put the updated netting language in the contract?  Would it ever come into play?
,
Mark
Chris/Mark, I am very familiar with the form and with the issues and I am happy with the contract, on the understanding that for any meters behind the LDC there is no "consumption/balancing risk" with the LDC - i.e. as it is a wholesale meter for a fixed volume, I am OK provided that if Domtar over/under consumes they are directly liable to the LDC for any balancing obligation.  There is also the issue of the a new charge "at" the Bruce Delivery Point which does not uniformly affect the market price for all market participants, but I understand that is a commercial risk Paul has accepted.  Peter.
Mark/Peter - Attached hereto is an Electricity Purchase Agreement pursuant to which Enron Canada Corp. would sell power to Domtar Inc.  The agreement is in the form that we have been using for deals back-to-backed with the British Energy position (similar to the Ivaco, Atlantic Packaging, TransCanada and Sunoco agreements). Please let me know if you have any questions with respect to the agreement.  We hope to be in a position to execute within a week.
Peter, we have discussed this agreement and the modifications required to take into account the revisions in the British Energy deal.  The only other changes that I have made are simple modifications to take into account Domtar's request for multiple delivery points (some of which are behind LDCs but still considered wholesale as they are registered with the IMO).
Christopher J. Gaffney
Senior Legal Counsel
Enron Canada Corp.
416 865 3711
This communication may be solicitor/client privileged and contains confidential information intended only for the persons to whom it is addressed.  Any other distribution, copying or disclosure is strictly prohibited.  If you have received this message in error, please notify the sender immediately and delete this message from your mail box without reading or copying it.
Thanks Rob.  Mark
Mark -
A belated (we just got back from Bombay last night) congratulations on your appointment to the Management Committee.  Having another lawyer on the committee can't hurt!  Again, congratulations and good luck.
Rob
I am pleased to announce the formation of the Enron Management Committee.  The Management Committee comprises our business unit and function leadership and will focus on the key management, strategy, and policy issues facing Enron.  The Management Committee will supplant the former Policy Committee and will include the following individuals:
Ken Lay - Chairman and CEO, Enron Corp.
Ray Bowen - COO, Enron Industrial Markets
Michael Brown - COO, Enron Europe
Rick Buy - Exec VP & Chief Risk Officer, Enron Corp.
Rick Causey - Exec VP & Chief Accounting Officer, Enron Corp.
Dave Delainey - Chairman and CEO, Enron Energy Services
Jim Derrick - Exec VP & General Counsel, Enron Corp.
Janet Dietrich - President, Enron Energy Services
Jim Fallon - President & CEO, Enron Broadband Services
Andy Fastow - Exec VP & CFO, Enron Corp.
Mark Frevert - Chairman & CEO, Enron Wholesale Services
Ben Glisan - Managing Director & Treasurer, Enron Corp.
Mark Haedicke - Managing Director & General Counsel, Enron Wholesale Services
Kevin Hannon - CEO, Enron Global Assets & Services
Stan Horton - Chairman & CEO, Enron Transportation Services
Jim Hughes - President & COO, Enron Global Assets & Services
Steve Kean - Exec. VP & Chief of Staff, Enron Corp.
Louise Kitchen - COO, Enron Americas
Mark Koenig - Exec VP, Investor Relations, Enron Corp.
John Lavorato - President & CEO, Enron Americas
Mike McConnell - President & CEO, Enron Global Markets
Jeff McMahon - President & CEO, Enron Industrial Markets
Jeff Shankman - COO, Enron Global Markets
John Sherriff - President & CEO, Enron Europe
Greg Whalley - President & COO, Enron Wholesale Services
After we convene the Management Committee later this week, I will make a further announcement regarding the Executive Committee.
Mary:
The  company seems to have a bad reputation.  I don't know if Marc Rich owns any portion of it or not because it is private.  I think, the UK started some investigations re Glencore over the past couple of years.  I am not sure we want the company as part of ISDA.  I am sure others will have an opinion on that.
Mark
Mark:
I have an application for Subscriber membership from Glencore International
AG, based in Switzerland.
They identify themselves as 'trading in commodities of any kind and other
goods for its own and for another's account; may perform or mediate services
and carry out financing transactions connected therewith, may establish
subsidiaries, participate in or associate with other enterprises as well as
acquire, hold, mortgage and alienate real estate.'
Sounds to me like they should be a dealer?
Bob thinks it's the famed Marc Rich's company.
Any idea?
Thanks
Mary
Please meet in Mark's office at 1:00 Tuesday for the referenced call to discuss margin and netting issues.
Cordially,
Mary Cook
I agree.  Mark
We should waive this.  I waived a similar conflict for Guido last year. He represents us in the Stamp Tax case in Argentina and frequently represents the Bolivian govt. We'd rather have someone we know is a good lawyer and objective than someone we don't know.   FYI, Guido wrote the Supreme Decree that enabled Transredes to get its deferred account back.
Dear Michelle, 
The Superintendencia General del SIRESE (Bolivia) just send me the background of the Transredes case in which they are requesting my advise. 
It is an administrative appeal before said agency of resolutions SSDH Nbr. 0257/2000 and 0014/2001 concerning the assesment of a fine of 710.000 bolivianos due to an oil spill and the rejection of the appeal filed before the Hidrocarbons Agency 
As mentioned in our conference call, I informed the Superintendencia General about my assistance to Enron in different matters and they expressed no concern about the independence of my advise nor potential conflicts of interest. Please be kind enough to confirm me that Enron acknowledges that no conflict of interest arises of my eventual assistance to the Superintendencia General cocerning this matter and, therefore, that it has no objection in order for me to provide such assistance.
Guido Santiago Tawil 
M. & M. Bomchil 
Suipacha 268, piso 12 
(C1008AAF) Buenos Aires 
Argentina 
Tel  (54 11) 4321 7500 
Fax (54 11) 4321 7555 
E-mail gt@bomchil.com.ar 
www.bomchil.com.ar 
Yes.  Thanks!!!    Mark
Mark, I have the 4 seats right behind the Rockets bench for this Sunday's game vs. the Spurs.  Unfortunately, I'll be in LA on a deal.  Would you like the tickets for your family?
H. William Swanstrom 
Locke Liddell & Sapp LLP 
Phone:  (713) 226-1143 
Fax:  (713) 229-2518 
bswanstrom@lockeliddell.com 
As was earlier announced, we will be bringing all Managing Directors together on a quarterly basis.  Please note on your calendars the first Monday of every quarter from 8:30 a.m. to 12:00 noon for this purpose.  The first meeting will take place on Monday, October 1st.  I look forward to seeing you there.
If you have any questions, please call Joannie Williamson at 713-853-1769.
I want to go through a list of each counterparty we think is going to go into bankruptcy and what we are doing to prepare for that.  Thanks.  Mark
DTI Holdings, Inc. could file for bankruptcy at any point in time.  The Company is solely dependent upon financing from it's parent, KLT Telecom Inc.  The board of KLT has been advised that they have no further obligation to fund the remaining $30.5MM of availability under the Credit Facility.  Even if DTI Holdings received the remainder of availability under the Credit Facility it would only last 1-2 quarters (through the end of the calendar year) due to a cash burn rate from operations of approximately $15MM and capex of approximately $12MM for the 2Q01.  The Company also has a demand loan to its parent of $94MM and interest payable of $4.7MM.
If you would like to discuss further please feel free to call.
Jane Wilhite
ext. 35063
I am working on it.  Mark
Mark
This e-mail from Bradford worries me.  Can you take a look.
John
It appears the cash margin may not be a problem.  Initial feedback from EES legal is that we may not be able to cut them off immediately due certain provisions in the EES Masters.  I have a call in to Haedicke to address.  I have also attached the current exposure information.  I am currently in discussion with New Power to better understand the liquidity risks they face.
Let me know if you would like to discuss.
Bill
Cadwalader confirms their opinion that margin postings under the netting arrangement (inclusive of forwards and derivatives) are excepted from preference provisions and that this should not be altered merely by having an insider position, absent other claims.  I have touched base with Tribolet and Sanders to let them know that Cadwalader is available to discuss the netting agreement/bankruptcy issues as desired.
Cordially,
Mary Cook
Thanks for the kind words.  Mark
Mark,
Its good to see more legal on the committee. Congrats!
It should be very educational, and the whole department will benefit from the insight you take away.
Ned
I am pleased to announce the formation of the Enron Management Committee.  The Management Committee comprises our business unit and function leadership and will focus on the key management, strategy, and policy issues facing Enron.  The Management Committee will supplant the former Policy Committee and will include the following individuals:
Ken Lay - Chairman and CEO, Enron Corp.
Ray Bowen - COO, Enron Industrial Markets
Michael Brown - COO, Enron Europe
Rick Buy - Exec VP & Chief Risk Officer, Enron Corp.
Rick Causey - Exec VP & Chief Accounting Officer, Enron Corp.
Dave Delainey - Chairman and CEO, Enron Energy Services
Jim Derrick - Exec VP & General Counsel, Enron Corp.
Janet Dietrich - President, Enron Energy Services
Jim Fallon - President & CEO, Enron Broadband Services
Andy Fastow - Exec VP & CFO, Enron Corp.
Mark Frevert - Chairman & CEO, Enron Wholesale Services
Ben Glisan - Managing Director & Treasurer, Enron Corp.
Mark Haedicke - Managing Director & General Counsel, Enron Wholesale Services
Kevin Hannon - CEO, Enron Global Assets & Services
Stan Horton - Chairman & CEO, Enron Transportation Services
Jim Hughes - President & COO, Enron Global Assets & Services
Steve Kean - Exec. VP & Chief of Staff, Enron Corp.
Louise Kitchen - COO, Enron Americas
Mark Koenig - Exec VP, Investor Relations, Enron Corp.
John Lavorato - President & CEO, Enron Americas
Mike McConnell - President & CEO, Enron Global Markets
Jeff McMahon - President & CEO, Enron Industrial Markets
Jeff Shankman - COO, Enron Global Markets
John Sherriff - President & CEO, Enron Europe
Greg Whalley - President & COO, Enron Wholesale Services
After we convene the Management Committee later this week, I will make a further announcement regarding the Executive Committee.
Yes.  They are fine.  Mark
Mark:
Do you know Calpine Energy Services?  They are located at 700 Louisiana.
Janet Dixon, Senior Counsel, would serve as their primary contact.  Calpine
has applied at the Primary level.
I'd like to put them through at the Sept. 13 Board meeting.
,
Mary
Just do the best you can.  We will probably end up moving it to a different day.  Mark
It will be hard for me to make these meetings on time, since Dave's meeting often ends after 10 and he/Janet often do followup meetings right after.   If others have a similar problem, I would like to suggest reconsidering the afternoon or  Tuesday am slot. 
It has become necessary to change the starting time for our Monday morning staff meetings (Policy Committee and Office of the General Counsel) from 11:00 am CDT to 10:00 am CDT.  Also due to the time change, we will need to return to meeting in EB38C2 
The next Policy Committee meeting will be on Monday, August 27.
Monday, September 3, is the Labor Day holiday; therefore, the next Office of the General Counsel meeting will be on Tuesday, September 4.
The call in numbers have not changed 
Thank you. 
Steve:
Per our conversation, I would like to talk about "Managing Legal Risks".  I think it would follow the RAC presentation.  I want to talk through the system of legal risk memos and legal risk ratings we have used on wholesale deals for two years with great success.  There is a very important risk control aspect to legal that needs to be highlighted.  Let me know if you need more information.
,
Mark
Per our conversation yesterday, I propose we send out the following memo:
In order to better coordinate the various west coast power matters, effective immediately, Jim Steffes and Richard Sanders will jointly take the lead role.  Jim and Richard will be responsible for preparing a comphrehensive strategy for all the matters, reviewing the strategy with the California Committee and seeking approval of the California Committee before taking any material action.  Please do all you can to assist Jim and Richard on the west coast power matters.
I would copy only the people working on these matters including Steffes, Sanders, Belden, Mellencamp, Shapiro, Sharp, Williams, Tribolet, Lavorato and Delainey. 
Per our conversation yesterday, I propose we send out the following memo:
In order to better coordinate the various west coast power matters, effective immediately, Jim Steffes and Richard Sanders will jointly take the lead role.  Jim and Richard will be responsible for preparing a comphrehensive strategy for all the matters, reviewing the strategy with the California Committee and seeking approval of the California Committee before taking any material action.  Please do all you can to assist Jim and Richard on the west coast power matters.
I would copy only the people working on these matters including Steffes, Sanders, Belden, Mellencamp, Shapiro, Sharp, Williams, Tribolet, Lavorato and Delainey. 
Thanks, I will send a copy to Alan in EGM.  Mark
Mark and Julia: FYI re potential attorney needs.  Jim
Jim--- my wife Carolyn is looking for a job 
Since she is one of the best lawyers I know, and for other obvious reasons, I am attaching her resume in case some Enron position is available.  A natural might be Enron Freight, which I understand is looking for an attorney.
Although her title was Associate General Counsel, she was essentially the General Counsel at Eagle USA Airfreight [now EGL, Inc.] while she was there since the General Counsel at that time was a trial lawyer in an outside law firm and Carolyn did all of Eagle's business-related legal work except for litigation.  Also, as a consequence, she became well versed in all aspects (regulatory and otherwise) of the freight business.
I would appreciate your providing her resume to the appropriate person or persons for their consideration.  She has any number of references, should anyone want that.
Should someone want to contact her, she can be reached at 713-533-0330.  Thank you.
J
We have not been able to secure video conference facilities for the Board
meeting on Tuesday, Sept. 25. We will proceed with a teleconference. The
information to connect to the call is as follows:
International Number is 1-865 524 4287
U.S. Domestic Number is 800 417 3187
Participants Code is 169 326
The meeting will be more effective if we can gather several Board
members in locations in New York and London. We will host the New York
session at our offices at 600 Fifth Avenue (entrance on 48th Street), 27th
floor. The London session will be at our offices at One New Change, EC4.
Please proceed to the Allen & Overy reception desk at that location and you
will be directed to a conference room.
The meeting will begin promptly at 9:00 am New York time/2:00 pm
London time. Based on responses we expect to have several more Board members
on the phone than are necessary to satisfy quorum requirements, but we do
need you to join us from the beginning of the call.
If you are joining us in person, please arrive at the New York or
London location in advance of the start of the call. If you are connecting
by phone, please do so a few minutes prior to the start of the call. Our
Board members in Asia and Australia are starting this call at 9:00 pm, 10:00
pm or 11:00 pm, depending on their location. We will make every effort to
keep the meeting to an hour and a half.
We will consider the following issues from the original September
agenda:
Filling of the vacancy created by Damian's resignation
Membership applications (Mary will send a separate email with
details on each application)
Relationship with FpML
Market convergence issues
An abbreviated review of the three-year plan
If you need the materials for any of these matters, please contact Cynthia
Richards or me.
I look forward to speaking with you on Tuesday.
Bob
J
Gentlemen,
Please find attached the new TBS board meeting notice and agenda faxed to you early this am.
,
Federico A. Cerisoli
General Mgr.,TBS
fyi
The Enron Americas Commercial Management Off-Site will be held in Beaver Creek, Colorado on Thursday, August 16 through Sunday, August 19. 
Attached is a PowerPoint presentation containing the following information: 
Meeting Agenda (includes lodging information and contact numbers) 
Attendee List (includes video team information) 
Thursday corporate and charter aircraft information with passenger lists 
Sunday corporate and charter aircraft information with passenger lists 
Enron Aviation Map 
TRAVEL 
Please carefully review the corporate and charter aircraft information and advise me of any changes to the passenger lists.  If you are booking individual travel and have not sent your travel itinerary to me - please do so immediately.  Enron is providing ground transportation to/from Denver and Eagle/Vail.  Sunday departure notices will be distributed at the Elkhorn Lodge in Beaver Creek.
VIDEOS 
Each video team is responsible for creating and transporting their video to Beaver Creek.  Video topics must be clearly labeled on the tapes.  Upon arrival into Beaver Creek, meeting coordinators Kristen and Rich Nye will be collecting the videos for the presentation on Friday evening at SaddleRidge.
ACTIVITIES 
Everyone is strongly encouraged to participate in the daily activities.  Below is a brief description of these events. 
Friday White Water Rafting 
The rapids span approximately 2/3 of a mile and are categorized as a Level 3.  Trip will include a double shot through the rapids, followed by a river float.  Individuals, on each raft, will be urged to work together as a team to 'capture the flag' during the float.  Guides will be provided and life jackets and raincoats are available upon request.
Recommended attire:  swimsuits, shorts, t-shirts 
Saturday Mountain Biking 
Individuals will be equipped with a mountain bike (with full front and rear suspension), helmet, trail map and a day pass for the Centennial Chair Lift (4 person detachable quad).  Trails are clearly marked and are categorized in the following manner:
Green - Beginner (wide dirt road) 
Blue - Intermediate (wide dirt road) 
Black Diamond - Advanced (single track path) 
Participants are free to experience the various trails and unlimited use of the chair lift during this four hour period.  Guides will be provided for assistance and equipment maintenance.
Recommended attire:  comfortable apparel, sturdy shoes 
ATTIRE 
Casual is the recommended attire for all scheduled events, including business meetings and dinners. 
For additional information, please contact me at (713) 853-6978. 
Dorie Hitchcock 
Phone:  281.370.0695 
Fax:      281.370.0385 
Cell:      713.594.7093 
Stacy:
I would like to know who on the committee is willing to spend time and resources on what issues.  I think that is critical.  Thanks.
Mark
Attached is a memorandum summarizing the July 27, 2001 meeting of ISDA's
North American Energy and Developing Products Committee. ISDA's Energy and
Developing Products Committee, Chaired by Mark Haedicke, General Counsel of
Also attached is a table outlining various documentation projects reflecting
our July discussion.  We would appreciate your reviewing the attached table
and forwarding your suggestions and comments so that the Committee is able
to plan the agenda moving forward.  Thank you in advance for your thoughts
and views. 
Additionally, ISDA is in the process of updating the database for the Energy
Committee.  Our apologies if you have received this e-mail in error,
been inadvertently omitted. Please notify Scott Marra: smarra@isda.org
regarding any modifications (additions or deletions) to this mailing list as
soon as possible. 
Many thanks. 
Stacy Carey
Policy Director 
International Swaps and Derivatives Association
600 5th Avenue, 27th Floor
Rockefeller Center
New York, NY  10020
(212) 332-1202 ph
(212) 332-1212 fax
(917) 543-9622 cell
scarey@isda.org
put on my schedule.  Mark
- Outlook.bmp 
We had a great time and got home without a hitch! Thanks!   Mark
We had a glorious morning of golf at the Fazio and then rushed to the
Traverse City airport, made the puddle jumper to O'Hare and had the
flight to Houston cancelled due to mechanical problems. We may get into
Houston by 10:00 tonight if we're lucky.  Captain Pear and I just
decided no more trips that involve connections. I hope you guys had
better luck. We really enjoyed the trip and look forward to a game in
Houston soon to check progress. Talk to you soon. 
John, thanks for the message.  I think, I would like to plan a trip and discuss the issues in person at GE.  Early October would work for me.
,
Mark Haedicke
Mark:  I caught up with Henry Hubschman, the President of the GE Aircraft Leasing subsidiary, last week.  He spoke to Ben Heineman who said he would be happy to discuss with you some of the issues you mentioned concerning the management and organization of GE's legal department.  Ben told Henry that he was just heading out on vacation for a good portion of August (apparently, this is the practice for most of the GE senior executives since Welch has historically done the same thing for most of August), so he suggested touching base in early September. If you want, I could follow up around that time and then get back to you. As I noted in one of my prior e-mails, Henry thought you may want to also touch base on these types of issues with the Chief GE Transactional Counsel (and/or the Chief Litigation Counsel) and, if you wish to do that, Henry said he would be glad to make contact with either or both of them for you.
I hope that you are doing well, and I'll be in touch.  Thanks.  John
Mark and John:
The Wholesale legal conference is coming up soon.  I wanted to get a head count and the names of the attendees from each of you.  For planning purposes, I have assumed 5 lawyers from each of your groups.  Let me know.  Also, are there any European or South American topics you would suggest we cover?  So far, we have Whalley and Frevert signed up to give us a business update.
,
Mark  
Looks fine to me.  Thanks.  Mark
Mark and Jeff, 
I have finalized my plans for going to part-time status.  Effective October 1, 2001, I will work the following schedule:
Monday  off
Tuesday   8 hours
Wednesday  8 hours
Thursday 4 hours 
Friday 4 hours
I would be glad to rearrange my schedule as needed to help cover the other physical gas attorneys' vacation days.  Please let me know if my schedule is not acceptable.  I appreciate your allowing me to go part-time.
Stacy Dickson Granmayeh
Senior Counsel
Phone (713) 853-5705
Fax (713) 646-3490
Stacy.E.Dickson@
I have a few thoughts on the offsite.  I think we could have a theme of restructuring and change.  We would have to make sure it is forward looking and upbeat in that we have learned a lot that will make us better in the future.  The presentations could include the following:
1.   What we learned in CA -- Sager
2.   Preparing for workouts -- Mellencamp
3.   Lessons learned in international -- Lundstrom
4.   Deregulation of energy markets -- Kean/Shapiro
5.   Managing Legal Risks -- Haedicke
6.   Executives -- Frevert and Whalley
7.   Europe presentation
8.   Retail presentation
Richard is looking into whether we can tape in Houston or Portland and have a CA person on the line.  Mark
Mark, someone from our side dug this up with the help of outside counsel it appears.
Here is the answer on taping.  Looks like we can't do it w/o consent.  MDS
Mike/Sarah,
California Penal Code Sections 631 and 632 make it a misdemeanor to record a telephone conversation without the consent of all the parties.  In addition, civil penalties are available in the amount of $5,000 per violation.  This is true whether the caller is in California or some other state.  If either party is in some other state, however, you may want to also check the law of that state.
If you are planning on taping a conversation, you should get unambiguous consent from all parties on the call before you begin taping.  Once you begin taping, you should again say words to the effect of, "the parties have consented and awknowledge that this conversation is being recorded" so that you have a record of the consent.  There does not appear to be any requirement of a periodic beep or tone (but it probably doesn't hurt so that the parties don't claim they didn't know that portion of the call was being recorded).
Monitoring and/or eavesdropping also is not acceptable in California without the consent of all parties to the call.  Similar disclosures would need to be made in that regard.
We have numerous former prosecutors in the office with experience with the statute so let me know if we can help with anything specific.
,
Kristen
Kristen Bird
Quinn Emanuel Urquhart Oliver & Hedges, LLP
865 S. Figueroa Street, 10th Floor
Los Angeles, CA 90017
(213) 624-7707 (phone)
(213) 624-0643 (fax)
>> "Sarah Dietrich What is the law regarding the taping of telephone conversations in California in
the following instances:
--  both the caller (taping party) and recipient are located in California and
--  the caller (taping party) is not in California but the recipient is located
in California.
Must a statement be made that the call is being taped?  If so, are there any
magic words?
Should there be a beep or tone periodically during the conversation?
Any other requirements?
We would appreciate a response as soon as possible, preferably early Friday.
Since I will be out of the office on Friday, please include Mike D. Smith in
your response so that he can relay it to our business people.
Thank you again for your assistance.
,
Sarah
Lisa:  What is the quality of our contracts and do we hold any collateral?  Any particular legal issues at this point?  Will we have to get quotes?  Mark
for your information:
bethlehem steel has filed bankruptcy in new york.
metals in london has $200,000 or so in exposure (mostly mtm).
ena has gas deal with exposure of about $1.2 million.
industrial markets has nothing.
these are being terminated. hodge sending letter on gas/other from london.
i will file proof of claim.
Yes, so long as they are employees and not on contract.  Move them to Lance Schuler's group.  Mark
Mark, can you confirm that you approve these legal employees transfer from EBS legal to EWS legal?  I will need to determine which
legal team they should transfer to.
EWS - Mark Haedicke
Cooper, Tracy
Garner, Joanne
Harkness, Cynthia
Hicks, Michelle
Hill, Robin
Rossi, Roberta
EWS - Mark Haedicke - Portland / Sheila Tweed
Merten, Eric
Fran Mayes
HR Manager
Phone (713) 853-7211
Fax (713) 646-8100
Cell/Pager  713 875-3820 or
7138753820@messaging.nextel.com
Let's discuss.  Mark
Mark,
Per our conversation, here are the items we would like specific guidance on from outside counsel as soon as possible:
1.  Regarding the 4 undelivered routes (Memphis to D.C., San Diego to Austin, Seattle to Vancouver, and Salt Lake to Denver), what is the probability someone could buy the contracts from 360 and "Put" the routes to EBS?
2.  If 360 were to reject the contracts where they pay EBS annual lease payments (Amarillo to Austin and Houston to New Orleans):
How would the court go about calculating EBS' damages (would future payments be included)?
Would we have the right to offset the damages against future lease payments to them?
Would EBS get the fibers back?
3.  Regarding the swap where EBS delivered its route to 360 over a year ago, and 360 delivered Minneapolis to Detroit 1-2 weeks previous to filing (papered as one deal):
What is the probability this would be viewed as a preferential transaction?
If preferential, would the entire swap unwind, or could the court unwind only the 360 delivery?
4.  If 360 rejects IRUs where they have paid EBS (or LJM/Trust) the total amount up-front, what is the probability EBS will have to refund all or a portion of the money?
5.  Worst case scenario, if 360 rejects all contracts where they are paying EBS for future O&M and Collocation:
How would the court go about calculating EBS' damages (would future payments be included)?
Would we have the right to offset the damages against future payments to them for O&M and Collocation?
Thanks again for your help.
Jim B.
Don, we are looking into this.  I wonder how traders operate in LA.  Mark
Mark, someone from our side dug this up with the help of outside counsel it appears.
Here is the answer on taping.  Looks like we can't do it w/o consent.  MDS
Mike/Sarah,
California Penal Code Sections 631 and 632 make it a misdemeanor to record a telephone conversation without the consent of all the parties.  In addition, civil penalties are available in the amount of $5,000 per violation.  This is true whether the caller is in California or some other state.  If either party is in some other state, however, you may want to also check the law of that state.
If you are planning on taping a conversation, you should get unambiguous consent from all parties on the call before you begin taping.  Once you begin taping, you should again say words to the effect of, "the parties have consented and awknowledge that this conversation is being recorded" so that you have a record of the consent.  There does not appear to be any requirement of a periodic beep or tone (but it probably doesn't hurt so that the parties don't claim they didn't know that portion of the call was being recorded).
Monitoring and/or eavesdropping also is not acceptable in California without the consent of all parties to the call.  Similar disclosures would need to be made in that regard.
We have numerous former prosecutors in the office with experience with the statute so let me know if we can help with anything specific.
,
Kristen
Kristen Bird
Quinn Emanuel Urquhart Oliver & Hedges, LLP
865 S. Figueroa Street, 10th Floor
Los Angeles, CA 90017
(213) 624-7707 (phone)
(213) 624-0643 (fax)
>> "Sarah Dietrich What is the law regarding the taping of telephone conversations in California in
the following instances:
--  both the caller (taping party) and recipient are located in California and
--  the caller (taping party) is not in California but the recipient is located
in California.
Must a statement be made that the call is being taped?  If so, are there any
magic words?
Should there be a beep or tone periodically during the conversation?
Any other requirements?
We would appreciate a response as soon as possible, preferably early Friday.
Since I will be out of the office on Friday, please include Mike D. Smith in
your response so that he can relay it to our business people.
Thank you again for your assistance.
,
Sarah
FYI, Mark
Mark, someone from our side dug this up with the help of outside counsel it appears.
Here is the answer on taping.  Looks like we can't do it w/o consent.  MDS
Mike/Sarah,
California Penal Code Sections 631 and 632 make it a misdemeanor to record a telephone conversation without the consent of all the parties.  In addition, civil penalties are available in the amount of $5,000 per violation.  This is true whether the caller is in California or some other state.  If either party is in some other state, however, you may want to also check the law of that state.
If you are planning on taping a conversation, you should get unambiguous consent from all parties on the call before you begin taping.  Once you begin taping, you should again say words to the effect of, "the parties have consented and awknowledge that this conversation is being recorded" so that you have a record of the consent.  There does not appear to be any requirement of a periodic beep or tone (but it probably doesn't hurt so that the parties don't claim they didn't know that portion of the call was being recorded).
Monitoring and/or eavesdropping also is not acceptable in California without the consent of all parties to the call.  Similar disclosures would need to be made in that regard.
We have numerous former prosecutors in the office with experience with the statute so let me know if we can help with anything specific.
,
Kristen
Kristen Bird
Quinn Emanuel Urquhart Oliver & Hedges, LLP
865 S. Figueroa Street, 10th Floor
Los Angeles, CA 90017
(213) 624-7707 (phone)
(213) 624-0643 (fax)
>> "Sarah Dietrich What is the law regarding the taping of telephone conversations in California in
the following instances:
--  both the caller (taping party) and recipient are located in California and
--  the caller (taping party) is not in California but the recipient is located
in California.
Must a statement be made that the call is being taped?  If so, are there any
magic words?
Should there be a beep or tone periodically during the conversation?
Any other requirements?
We would appreciate a response as soon as possible, preferably early Friday.
Since I will be out of the office on Friday, please include Mike D. Smith in
your response so that he can relay it to our business people.
Thank you again for your assistance.
,
Sarah
Thanks for the message.  I would e-mail Alan Aronowitz.   ,  Mark
Mark-I met with you a couple of weeks ago regarding the legal position for the new freight group. After we met, I visited with Dan Reck (I had already met with Shawn Cumberland). I am very interested in the position and in Enron. I think my general corporate experience and my specific experience in freight forwarding from having been with Eagle Global Logistics readily adapts to the position.  I am used to a fast pace in a changing corporate environment. For your convenience, I have attached a slightly revised copy of my resume.
, Donald Duncan
Sami, by copy hereof, I have asked Jeff Hodge to look into this matter.  He is at 36911.   Mark
Hi  Mark;
We just started discussions with Duke and El Paso regarding the execution of a Master Trading Agreement for Brazilian spot market deals (physical power deals).  I have already been informed by Duke's local counsel that Enron and Duke have executed some sort of a worldwide master trading agreement which may or may not cover Brazil.  Haven't heard from El Paso yet.  Who, in North America, could provide me with information on these Duke and El Paso agreements ?
Hope all is well.
Tks & Rgds,
Sami
Thanks Paul.  Mark
Raj Thapar asked that I provide you with a report on the conference call held at 3:00 p.m. today with representatives of 360networks regarding our proposed settlement.
The primary participants in the call on 360networks' side were commercial people charged with responsibility for various aspects of the proposed settlement. There are a fair number of details to track, and the commercial team at 360networks has experienced virtually 100% turnover. The focus of the discussion was simply to ascertain whether the commercial counterparts were of one mind about the intended outcomes with respect to route cancellations, calculations of payments due, details of collocation requirements going forward and similar commercial details.
The 360networks team raised a number of questions regarding the types of questions described above. Some were addressed on the call, but the primary thrust was identification of the outstanding commercial issues for 360 (none of which seemed to be major) and the identification of the members of each commercial team responsible for each detail, so that we can break into working groups each of which can solve for a particular type of problem. A subsequent conference call will be necessary to gather the reports of the participants and to resolve any remaining issues.
Tim Aschoff, in-house counsel at 360, indicated that he was still awaiting comments from their outside counsel at Willkie Farr with respect to the settlement documents, and that those would be forwarded as soon as they become available. 
Tim Aschoff also emphasized that the deal was still of interest to 360, that the questions and issues being raised were not an attempt to re-trade anything, and that 360 regrets the delays and the confusion resulting from the turnover of its commercial team.
If anyone has any questions regarding the details of this call or the status of settlement negotiations, please feel free to call me.
Paul Puchot
Thanks.  I will try!   Mark
Thought that you might want to attend one of these meetings.
Cynthia
Please plan to attend one of the following floor meetings with Jim Fallon.  At each of the meetings, Jim will discuss the changes occurring at EBS, provide insight to the near-term focus of the business, and address employee questions.
EB4325 - 10:00 a.m. Wednesday, August 1
EB4422b - 3:00 p.m. Wednesday, August 1
EB4523 - 10:00 a.m. Thursday, August 2
Shepherd Facility - 3:00 p.m. Thursday, August 2*
*EBS field employees can conference into the Shepherd meeting by dialing 800-713-8600, pass code 344546.
I am ok as long as you and Alan are ok.  Mark
I had submitted the 2001 update to Ken Raisler for an accuracy check.  His comments are very minor and look like they can be addressed without much re-writing. -- Bob
I had only a few minor comments and nits.  It looks very good to me.	
The following files have been attached to this mail by DeltaView 
Redline.rtf  ( Rich Text Format )
This e-mail is sent by a law firm and contains information
that may be privileged and confidential. If you are not the
intended recipient, please delete the e-mail and notify us
immediately.
Travis and I will cover the suggested topics.  Mark
Hello Mark -- just wanted to touch base before tomorrow's meeting.  Attached
is our latest attendee list.
1) John Berry w/Allen and Overy (NY) will give a 10-15 minute overview of
the European Bridge agreement.
2) Meg Timberg (Ontario Power) is set to deliver an update on the Ontario
Electricity Market.
3) I will give brief updates on the US/European Regulatory Issues
4) Will you and Travis cover: standardized provisions for Master Energy
Contracts, Convergence of Commodity Forms, Developing products and
California?
5) Material Distribution - my recommendation would be to make any necessary
materials (i.e. European Bridge Agreement presentation, Ontario Power market
presentation) available on the website after the meeting
6) Other issues ?
Stacy
Stacy Carey
Policy Director 
International Swaps and Derivatives Association
600 5th Avenue, 27th Floor
Rockefeller Center
New York, NY  10020
(212) 332-1202 ph
(212) 332-1212 fax
(917) 543-9622 cell
scarey@isda.org
I will be on the telephone on this one because of a management meeting the same day.  Mark
Our board meeting is scheduled for Tuesday, November 13, in New York. It is
our annual budget meeting so it is an important meeting. I am aware,
however, that some firms have instituted temporary bans or limitations on
travel. It would be helpful to know for planning purposes whether you will
be able to make it to New York for the meeting. George James is hosting the
meeting here at the Morgan Stanley offices.
Bob
We discussed at the Kyoto session the dates for the strategic planning
session next year and agreed on the last week in May 2002. The specific days
would be Wednesday, May 29, to Friday, May 31. We will go back to our
typical strategic planning schedule of gathering on Wednesday evening for
dinner, a full day on Thursday (meeting, activity and dinner) and a half-day
on Friday, ending with lunch. This is the week of Memorial Day in the U.S.
and Monday bank holiday in other countries, but the timing of the schedule
should mean that people would not need to travel on the Monday and, in most
cases, could travel on Wednesday.
As for location, we have made arrangements with the Ritz Carlton Resort in
Palm Beach, Florida. The resort is a smaller Ritz Carlton property and is
one of the top U.S. resorts according to a number of travel publications.
The website is
< 
&PageNo=9. Additional information on the resort will be in the September
board book. 
Domestic flights to Palm Beach are plentiful and there are a number of
international flights to Palm Beach (very near), Ft. Lauderdale (near) and
Miami (1-1/2 hours away). There are many activities of different sorts
(recreational and cultural (yes, even in Florida!)) nearby.
For your information, the schedule for upcoming Board meetings is as
follows:
Thursday, Sept. 13            London (tentatively at Deutsche Bank)
Tuesday, Nov. 13               New York (location tbd)
Thursday, Jan. 17              City and location tbd
Wed.-Thurs., April 17-18    Berlin, Intercontinental Hotel (AGM)
Wed.-Fri., May 29-31        Palm Beach, Ritz Carlton Resort
You may also wish to note our member update schedule in September and
October. Board attendance at these sessions is encouraged, particularly for
the Tokyo and Hong Kong updates since they are our principal events for the
year in those regions. If your schedule permits, please join us for all or
any part of the day. I would be happy to provide further details.
Wed., Sept. 12        London, One Whitehall Place
Thurs., Sept. 20       New York, Windows on the World
Mon., Oct. 15          Hong Kong, Conrad International Hotel
Thurs., Oct. 18        Tokyo, Royal Park Hotel
I hope your summer is going well.
Bob
I think it is something we watch closely as you suggest.  Mark
Mark:
As you may know, the FERC recently instituted a mediation proceeding regarding a potential Southeast RTO  (Docket RT01-100), as well as a similar RTO proceeding for the Northeast as well.    We presently represent a number of the participants involved in these proceedings (for example, Florida Power, Alcoa and Lockhart Power in the Southeast; the NY Transmission Owners and some other parties in the Northeast) and we (particularly our DC regulatory lawyers) are in the process of trying to iron out potential conflict situations among those parties that wish for us to represent them in these proceedings.  My overall sense at this point is that we will end up with representations of multiple parties in the same proceedings, with each of the party's consent.  My understanding is that your DC regulatory people (e.g., Sarah Novasel, Joe Hartsoe, et al) and Bracewell (and, perhaps, other internal folks in Houston) are involved in these proceedings for you.
At this point, it is hard for me to tell how all of the various interests line up, how the proceedings will be conducted and where the proceedings in the various geographic regions may lead, although Rick Shapiro and others in his group may have more insight into that issue.  Nonetheless, I wanted to alert you to this situation and I thought it would be helpful if we could discuss it for a few minutes at your convenience to make sure that you do not foresee a problem from your standpoint with our representations in these proceedings.  It goes without saying that even though we are not representing Enron in these specific FERC proceedings, we do not want to inadvertently be put in the position of being (or being perceived to be) adverse to the Company.
I always find these large, multiple party regulatory proceedings to be difficult ones to assess from a conflicts standpoint.  I will try to catch you tomorrow to see if we might be able to discuss this subject for a few minutes.  Since Bracewell handles most of your FERC work, I know that in the past when these types of situations have arisen, after discussions with you, we have "kept a close eye" on the proceedings to make sure we did not become adverse in a real sense, with an understanding that we would re-evaluate the situation if that were to occur.  I don't know if something like that makes sense here as well, but that is the type of thing I would like to get your views on.
Thanks, Mark, and I'll be in touch.
John
John Klauberg
LeBoeuf, Lamb, Greene & MacRae, L.L.P.
212 424-8125
john.klauberg@llgm.com
Type:Single Meeting
Organizer:Haedicke, Mark E.
Start Time:Friday, July 27, 2001 2:00 PM
End Time:Friday, July 27, 2001 2:30 PM
Time Zone:Central Time (US & Canada)
Location:EB3325
Type:Single Meeting
Organizer:Haedicke, Mark E.
Start Time:Monday, July 23, 2001 2:00 PM
End Time:Monday, July 23, 2001 2:30 PM
Time Zone:Central Time (US & Canada)
Location:EB3325
My accomplishments for the first six months of 2001 include the following:
1.    Developed New EES Trading Forms -- provided key legal technology and intellectual capital to rewrite EES forms to be largely consistent with the wholesale trading forms.
2.   Developed Setoff and Netting Strategy in the PG&E Bankruptcy -- led legal and credit team across all Enron entities in minimizing Enron credit and legal risks.  This required an expedited evaluation of Enron positions and coordination across Enron entities to determine the best possible approach to terminate and then value all PG&E contracts.
3.    Implemented New Document Retention Policy for Microsoft Outlook -- led the resolution of many critical document retention policy issues and implementation of a new policy across company lines in Enron. 
4.    Thought Leader on Legal Risk Managment -- continued to develop legal technology for better management and reporting of legal risks across Enron.  Legal Risk Memos and legal risk ratings are two examples.  These legal risk policies have been newly applied in South America and EES to better evaluate and manage the legal risks in those businesses.
5.     Developing New Businesses -- integral part in developing new businesses in freight, paper, steel, lumber, etc. by preparing trading forms and formulating new ways to manage legal risks.
6.     Deal Machine -- projects having lots of complex issues including LV Cogen II, Pastoria, Sithe, Invasion Energy, Electrobolt and Huntco.
7.     Management -- continued to build a deal-oriented legal team that understand the underlying businesses.
8.     New Generation of Master Agreeements -- taking the lead with ISDA in developing the next generation of trading master which would be a single master for all commodities, whether physical or financial.  This would reduce the legal work by half.
Please join me for a baseball game.  The Astros are playing the NY Mets on Wednesday, August, 1.  The game starts at 7:05 p.m 
Please RSVP to Janette by e-mail to let her know if you will be able to attend.  (Unfortunately due to the limited number of seats available in a suite, we were not able to extend this invitation to your spouse or significant other.)
there!
Elizabeth:  Does the RTO order require a task force to draft new language?  Let me know.  Mark
Has anyone begun to address the issues surrounding the EEI product definitions and the new rules associated with "transporting" power across the new RTO/ISO control areas? Upon discussions with parties involved with the Midwest ISO ("MISO") when scheduling power through the MISO control area a party will no longer designate an interface but only a source and a sink and the Control Area will determine the best path through its system. How will this affect the obligations of the products as defined under EEI. In particular how will this affect the "Into" product definition if the buyer and seller no longer have the ability to select an Interface?
Lora Herff Aria
Sr. Contract Administrator
LG&E Energy Marketing Inc.
Louisville Gas and Electric Company/Kentucky Utilities Company
220 West Main Street, 7th Floor
Louisville, KY 40202
Phone: (502) 627-4251  Fax: (502) 627-4222
e-mail: lora.aria@lgeenergy.com
This e-mail message is confidential, intended only for the named recipient(s) above and may contain information that is privileged, attorney work product or exempt from disclosure under applicable law. If you have received this message in error, please immediately notify the sender at (502) 627-4251 and delete this e-mail from your computer. Thank you.
The preceding message was sent to members of Contract List Server, the EEI Contract Standardization Mailing List.  You have received the above message as a subscriber to the EEI Contract Standization Electronic Mailing List: contract Your subscription address is listed as: [mhaedic@ect.enron.com] To stop receiving these messages, send a blank message to the list administrator: kSeaman@eei.org with the subject as: UNSUBSCRIBE You can reply to the EEI Contract List by using your email program's "ReplyTo" function, or by sending a message to the list administrator. ********** Log on to Our Energy Future (   ) to get the facts on today's issues and learn about solutions in which we can all take part. 
I am fine with the agenda except that I will have E. Sager talk about the trading forms.  Mark
Hello Mark - Attached is an updated agenda for the July 27th Meeting.  I
would like to get your sign-off on the agenda so I can circulate to the
members with the meeting invitation tomorrow.
Would you let me know your thoughts about which items to cover and how long
we want the meeting to last.  The attached agenda will likely lead to a 2
hour meeting.  This might be an adequate time frame since this is the first
meeting in a while but let me know what you think!  Many thanks!  -- Stacy
- Agenda Discussion Document.doc  
Let's try this time on for size!
We will have to do project economics by pipeline as well as in total.    A 
way to allocate costs however is to do so according to the benefits 
deal.    If the deal makes sense from a group standpoint, then it should make 
sense from an individual pipeline standpoint.
Project economics need to be looked at in 2 ways.     1) The project 
economics on a stand alone basis and then 2) the more accurate approach of 
what does the project do to the entity (the with and without approach The accounting return in the second approach has become actually the more 
important measure of success 
When we meet on Friday after Rod's meeting, should we also address the 
pipeline "cost allocation" issue if we have to continue do project economics 
by pipeline in addition to by ETS?
James Saunders
11/07/2000 11:28 AM
It's a bit difficult to distinguish capital vs. o&m from your list below, 
since you've used the same item description in both categories ie "Resources" . I would be more than happy to develop a specific list or matrix 
with you.
Additional  "discretionay" items to consider are overheads, perhaps AFUDC, 
and perhaps indirect allocations (ie corporate allocations 
There is more than capital and o&m to consider when developing a 
comprehensive project economic analysis or accounting recap.
From an economic standpoint its critically important to identify all of the 
cash flows and their timing, both "in" (savings) and "out", and not worry 
about accounting. From an accounting standpoint; and if an ORR is necessary 
its important to identify
the accounting flow of a project which will always vary from the cash flow. 
Components may include:
Initial Capital,
Ongoing Capital
Overheads and AFUDC, if applied
Net O&M, direct and indirect
'Book"Deperciation
Tax Depreciation
Advalorem 
Current taxes
Deferred taxes
"Capital" allocations
In addition to the DCF return, I believe Rod wants us to determine the 
Operating Rate of Return (ORR).  If a new project is to replace an old 
project, we also need the net book value of the old project.  I am forwarding 
my September e-mail on Project Evaluation to you all.
Caroline Barnes
11/07/2000 08:21 AM
Please read my note to Rod and his reply.  Thanks...cvb
Rod Hayslett
11/07/2000 06:29 AM
Pretty good.       I would suggest you run these by Jim Saunders (to check on 
what should be capitalized and what shouldn't) and by Denis Tu (to see if he 
has run across any other things you might have left out in his experience).
As to the question "How will we account for the additional O&M budget dollars 
which could start hitting the O&M budget in the same year the project is 
completed?" that's pretty easy, they aren't authorized to be spent.    If the 
dollars for the support of projects aren't budgeted or specifically 
authorized in the project funding document, then something must be cut to 
allow for the dollars to be spent, or we will have to request additional 
funding to carry out the program.    When we do that, unless we are beating 
budget somewhere else, it would appear that we would not meet our goal and 
therefore the bonus pool of dollars would be reduced directly as a result of 
the additional costs.    (Bonus pool = about 2.5% of net income.)    This is 
why it's so important to get the numbers right as soon as is practical.
Caroline Barnes
11/06/2000 08:12 PM
Steve asked me to put together something for everyone to follow in   to 
Projects ASAP.  If my understanding is correct, to do the economics on a 
project, all costs must be included, ie. capital dollars, O&M dollars, and 
ongoin O&M dollars for the estimated project life.
This is a sample breakdown of what I came up with:
Current year Budget
Capital Dollars
Hardware
Software
Resources (all areas IT and User) - includes pagers, cell phone, salaries 
and benefits, etc.
-internal existing
-internal additional
-contractors existing
-contractors additional
Project related Expenses
Special services (dedicated phone line while in development, etc.)
Other
O&M Dollars
Training and related expenses
Resources (all areas IT and User) - includes employee expenses (training, 
pagers, cell phone, salaries and benefits/taxes, etc.)
-internal additional
-contractors additional
Special services
Other
Future Years Budget
O&M Ongoing Dollars - project life
Hardware maintenance
Software maintenance
Resources (all areas IT and User) - includes employee expenses (training, 
pagers, cell phone, salaries and benefits/taxes,etc.)
-internal additional
-contractors additional
Special services
Other
Current and Future Years Budget
Capital/O&M Offset Dollars - project life (savings)
Hardware
Software
Hardware maintenance
Software maintenance
Resources (all areas IT and User) - includes employee expenses (training, 
pagers, cell phone, salaries and benefits/taxes, etc.)
-internal existing
-internal additional
-contractors existing
-contractors additional
Special services
Other
I know we did not budget O&M costs related to projects in the 2001 budget 
because it would be unknown at budget time and not known until the project is 
actually studied in detail to be recommended to be done.  How will we account 
for the additional O&M budget dollars which could start hitting the O&M 
budget in the same year the project is completed?  Once a project is 
completed it is easy to account for the additional O&M dollars in future 
budgets.  Please let me know ASAP if I am on the right track with this.  From 
what Steve stated in his staff meeting and our brief phone conversation this 
is what I came up with.   Thanks...cvb
In order for me to effectively represent you at the ETS PRC  and for some of 
you at the Accounting and Finance PRC's I will need some information from 
each of you.      Please send the following to Kathy Campos who will put it 
together for me in a book.
1. Copy of your goals for 2000 and the latest status.
2. A list of accomplishments/things you are proud of this year, specifically 
indicate any involvement in the    Associates/Analysts Program or the 
Recruiting Program.
3. Copy of a Self Evaluation you completed in the PEP System.
4. Your Supervisor will provide me with a Copy of a Preliminary Evaluation.
I will need these by the 29th of November for those in the accounting and 
finance ranks.   For all others I will need the input for the 13th of 
December. 
FYI
Rod Hayslett
11/15/2000 06:45 AM
What does this mean to our budgets?     Is there a contract with EES that=20
allows them to make an "intercompany profit" on this business?     The reason=20
for my concern is 1) EES is a marketing affiliate and 2) profits paid to=20
affiliates are not allowed under several of our joint venture agreements and=20
will come under intense scrutiny at the FERC.     I will need to understand=20
in detail what I am going to be billed from EES.
Sent by: Enron Announcements
Responsibility  for daily operations of building support services in the=20
Enron Building, Houston leased offices, and Two Pacific Place (Omaha) will be=20
transitioning from Corporate to Enron Energy Services (EES) by year-end.  The=20
areas affected include facility operations and maintenance of mechanical,=20
electrical, and air-conditioning systems; mail delivery;  housekeeping; =20
food, copier, and records services.
This transition of services, as presently managed by Enron Property and=20
Services Corp. (EPSC), is designed to optimize value to Enron=01,s Business=20
Units by leveraging facility management businesses now offered by EES to=20
their commercial customers.  EPSC staff having administrative responsibility=20
for these services will report to Enron Facility Services, a subsidiary of=20
EES=01,s Global Energy Services group led by Daniel Leff, President and CEO.
EPSC is responsible for Enron=01,s internal real estate and office development=20
needs, including leasing, space allocations and facility planning, project=20
and construction management, furniture systems, and office relocation.  EPSC,=20
in its development role, remains a part of Enron Corporate Administration=20
Services (ECAS) along with Corporate Security and the Aviation Department,=20
reporting to Bill Donovan, Vice President, Corporate Administrative Services.
This alignment of responsibilities offers the opportunity for EPSC to focus=20
resources on effective utilization of our existing office space assets and=20
managing the development of Houston=01,s new Enron Center Campus project.
All OK>
Hi, Rod.  Please review my records below and give me any additions or
corrections.  Thanks.
Hayslett, Rod (Mr.)
Office:
Enron Transportation Services Company
PO Box 1188
Houston TX  77251-1188
Exec. Asst: Kathy Campos
E-mail:  kcampos@
Phone: 713.853.6178
Fax: 713.646.3708
Mobile: 713.201.6135
E-mail:  rod.hayslett@
Home:
10714 Whisper Willow Place
The Woodlands TX  77380
Spouse: Kathy
Phone: 281.292.2467
E-mail:  hayslett@flash.net
Please provide whatever assistance you can in getting info to Tracy to 
respond to the attached request.
Rod Hayslett
11/22/2000 06:47 AM
Please provide a status report to Stan, with copies to Cindy Stark and I, on 
the goals on the attachment.   We are being asked to provide a report to 
corporate NLT close of business next wednesday, November 28th, so your input 
is needed 
not later than tuesday afternoon.    Your assistance is greatly appreciated.
Stanley Horton
01/17/2000 08:41 AM
Sent by: Cindy Stark
Attached is the final version of our "Year 2000 Goals & Objectives".
A reminder of what was in the Enron goal presentation and what we did last 
year.
Rod,
Mark asked me to forward the attached files to you.
Terry
FYI
Tod A Lindholm
11/22/2000 11:12 AM
Since ETS has third party debt on it's books, the debt and cost of carry will 
be excluded from the calculation so as not to double count 
Rick wants it to actualy be booked.  I lean towards just calculating it and 
not actually make entries (I know that entries will cause all sorts of 
additional issues).   Nothing has been formalized yet.
Rod Hayslett
11/22/2000 11:01 AM
What do we do with debt on the books of the entities?  Ignore it?   And my 
understanding is that this will not be used for actual booking of anything  
in the books,
Tod A Lindholm
11/22/2000 10:31 AM
Over the last few months, we have been working on a new methodology to 
measure and report business unit's retrurns on invested capital.   Several 
different variations were considered, and I am glad to report that Skilling, 
Causey and Fastow have approved the process outlined here.
Simply stated (with an example shown below):  Return on equity will be 
calculated based on a pre-determined debt/equity structure.  Business unit 
capital will include both on-balance sheet and off-balance sheet uses of 
capital and business unit's will be charged for the cost of their debt at 
Enron's cost of funds.  Business unit's should focus on improving their 
return on equity over time.
This metric will not replace other targets (i.e., IBIT and Funds Flow 
We are currently working to overlay this approach to the submitted 2001 
Plans.  If you have questions, please contact myself or Mike Deville.
Please approve and forward for payment.    Thanks.
Kathy Campos
11/29/2000 10:34 AM
Here is the revised expense report.
Thanks,
Kathy
Maggie Schroeder
11/30/2000 02:32 PM
I guess I would only request that we get some review put in front of ETS' new 
Risk Management Officer and his crew, Jerry Peters.    I also understand that 
this is a part of the Revenue Management project.
Lisa Sawyer
12/08/2000 12:55 PM
Rod,
Caroline forwarded me your questions regarding the Risk System so I wanted to 
go ahead and respond since Steve is out this week.
I don't think Philippe requires the level of due diligence that we performed, 
but we were getting questioned on buying a 3rd party product vs. using an 
Enron Risk System.  We did more research and got the other groups involved so 
that they would understand our decision.  I believe everyone is now 
comfortable with our purchase decision.
In our analysis of systems, we selected the Caminus product in part because 
we had several individual references from Arthur Andersen, Deliotte &Touche 
and Ernst & Young.  These organizations, especially Arthur Andersen, have 
audited this application and have actually participated in numerous 
implementations.  Ernst & Young recently selected Caminus for Equitable 
Resources.   Arthur Anderson implemented the application for Conoco and 5 or 
6 other companies, and Deloitte Touche recently selected the product for 
Tractabel.  After talking with individuals from these accounting firms, we 
felt very confident that the product was sound, and we should not have audit 
concerns.  Obviously, we have a lot of business procedures that have to be 
established, and there is time in the work plan to do that work, but a lot of 
those decisions drive how the application is configured so we need to get the 
product purchased work through the details of how we implement the new 
business procedures since the system does drive a lot of processes. 
Regarding costs, we have an approved work order for $650,000 which covers all 
the initial hardware, software, implementation costs and first year 
maintenance.  This cost does represent a very limited implementation with 
only 10 concurrent users, no customization except a few reports, and no 
electronic interfaces or data conversion.  The assumption is that initially 
the volume would be so low that an automated interface may not be cost 
justified, and the data would manually be loaded since it was low volume as 
well.  The on-going costs are estimated at approximately $100,000/year.  We 
did not perform a separate cost/benefit analysis as this was in the original 
cost of the Revenue Management RAROC.  Let me know if you have any other 
questions or there are open issues that we need to address prior to 
completing the contract.  We are hoping to get this signed and the project 
underway next week.  Thanks.
I would like to have the dollars subdivided into pools for each of my direct 
reports with about 10% of my pool reserved for my use.    Can you help me 
with this?    I also understand that we are doing a handoff from Ben to 
Shanna for my support point, therefore I am sending this to both of you 
For Ben:    Where are we on the job description I sent  
James Saunders
03/02/2000 02:54 PM
Do you know how much is available for PBAs?? I'd like to make better use of 
it this yr -rewarding  people quickly for "job's well done".
I would think we can do the same as we do in Florida, which is similar to 
your suggestion.     We did create a non-regulated affiliate to do the 
business in the name of, but that leaves the revenue in the venture and 
solves the fiduciary problem 
Jerry Peters
12/08/2000 03:51 PM
For O&M fees at interconnects NBPL has been charging the customer an 
estimated incremental cost, which under the cost of service tariff was 
credited back to O&M (where the incremental costs were originally charged We are definitely going to change this now.
In at least one situation in the past, NPNG had the contract for maintaining 
a short lateral for the Synfuels plant in ND (in fact Phil may have been 
involved with this when he was District Manager in Glasgow).  In that case, a 
small amount of O&M was left at NPNG and the revenue was booked at NPNG 
In most cases the customer is negotiating the fees as a part of service on 
NBPL and I would suggest that unless these are significant contracts the 
amounts be left at NBPL.  The main reasons are accounting ease, avoidance of 
fiduciary issues, and customer relations.
Rod Hayslett
12/06/2000 10:05 AM
How have you guys been doing this?     NBPL doesn't have any employees so 
it's got to have been done as Plains, yet I understaood that Plains could not 
provide services to others 
In other similar situations where Operations has had an opportunity to 
provide a service for a fee, we have been looking to EAMR as the entity to do 
the work.  Does the NBPL sitiuation preclude EAMR from taking on this role I would assume, unless there has been a change, that given the fact that NBPL 
does not have any employees it would be difficult for NBPL to provide the 
service.
Michel Nelson
12/05/2000 08:02 PM
This seems like a revenue opportunity to me. Could this be considered a 'new 
service 
Loretta McGowan
12/05/2000 09:42 AM
The issue of O&M fees at new interconnects has been raised by several 
customers.  A meeting to discuss this issue and how Operations will determine 
these fees, is scheduled for Monday, December 18, on your calendar.  Your 
input is very important at this meeting.
Several of NBPL's customers are currently waiting for answers on this issue 
and NBPL needs to respond very soon to these customers.  NBPL has been asked 
to renegotiate fees (PGL&C) as well as set fees for a period of longer than 1 
year (Harvest States).  NBPL has also been asked to operate a 1/2 mile of 
line from a meter station to a power plant (Lakefield Junction).  We need to 
agree on a decision from both a business and an operations perspective Currently, we have estimated operating fees at interconnects where we charge 
a fee and charge a standard monthly fee of $2,000 per month with the 
exception of two interconnects.  With the tariff changes, operating fees will 
not automatically be recovered in the future.  How are these operating fees 
going to be tracked and charged?  Does NBPL charge all interconnect customers 
the same fee?  Should NBPL absorb some or all of the operating costs as a 
cost of doing business?  These questions need to be answered at the meeting.
Thanks!
I still have a PRC tomorrow am, but will let Kathy know my status as I get 
closer to lunch.
Julie Armstrong
12/11/2000 03:43 PM
A reminder of our lunch tomorrow, December 12th at America's.  We are 
confirmed for 12:30 and the reservation is under my name America's is located on 1800 Post Oak Blvd.  in the Pavilion Shopping 
Center.  713-961-1492
Please call me if you have any questions at x33597.  Thanks 
FYI
Kim Pattison
12/11/2000 04:16 PM
A meeting concerning the above subject is schedule for 2pm with Stan Horton 
on Thursday, December 14th.  Please try to arrange your schedules to attend, 
as Stan's schedule is not flexible 
Please confirm your attendance by email or voice mail to me by tomorrow, so I 
can provide Cindy Stark with a headcount.
Thank you so much!
Kim Pattison
68301
James Saunders
12/08/2000 07:02 PM
Rod - below is a prliminary list of 2001 objective ideas.
SAP
a. Participate in Enron's Project Sunrise to improve utiliation of SAP, SAP=20
"bolt ons" and SAP/accounting related processes.
b. Enhance ETS SAP user groups to remedy post implemetation "bugs" and=20
improve user understanding and utilization
of the system.
AUDITS AND CONTROLS
a. Implement an ETS approval authorization policy (and ensure compliance),=20
incorporating all possible ETS transaction
commitments
b. Implement improved ETS project controls (beyond workorder authorizations)
c. Establish improved financial risk management procedures (interrelated to=20
a. above)
d. Utilize internal audit resources to provide process improvement ideas=20
(versus traditional audit findings) and drive process changes.
e. Achieve no material financial effects from external audit negotiations
FINANCE
a. Refinance TW note with Enron
b. Issue 144A or equivalent to meet FGT cash requirements in 2001.
REPORTING
a. Meet year end external reporting requirements and deadlines, complicated=20
the mid 2000 MSA/SAP conversion.
ACCOUNTING
a. Implement FAS133 with no adverse effect to income.
BUSINESS SUPPORT
a. Provide innovative accounting solutions in support of:
a1. pipeline regulatory initiatives
a2. pipeline expansions
a3. pipeline and ETS new business/deal initiatives (including divestments)
a4. unique business projects, ie. TW Navajo ROW settlement negotiations, NNG=20
South End opportunities
b. Develop improved upfront accounting linkage on pending ETS business=20
transactions
ORGANIZATION
a. Implement and document process and reporting improvements; realizing the=20
benefits of the 2000 ETS accounting functional realignment. (There are=20
opportunities in financial accounting, property accounting, reporting,=20
reconciliations/ controls, and staff development)
=20
b. Implement an ETS acounting analyst program
Patricia Wiederholt
12/05/2000 10:47 AM
My input for items I believe need to be accomplished in the year 2001:
Improve timing of accounting close to 5th workday
Complete refund for NBPL rate case
Develop manageable allocation methodology for new organization structures
Implement financial forecasting model for NBPL SFV tariff
Establish additional Audit Committee member for NBP by June 2001 to meet new=20
audit committee requirements
These are in addition to our "standard" objectives for reporting deadlines,=20
financial targets, etc.
=20
=09
=09
Here's a laundry list of various potential 2001 Goals/Objectives per Rod's=20
request below:
Implementation of FAS 133
Possible 3rd party refinancing of $150MM TW note to Enron Corp.
Implementation of Datamarts to replace DSS.
Implementation of Risk Management System (Lee Ferrell - Commercial)
Filing of Forms 2 using 6 mos. MSA and 6 Mos. SAP.
Completion of year 2000 audited financials using 6 Mos. MSA and 6 Mos. SAP
Progress toward resolution of TW ROW renewal issue.
Completion of NNG depreciation study in support of south end strategy
Establishment of SLA recovery mechanism through Order 637 settlement=20
discussions.
Implementation and fine-tuning of new ETS Finance organization.
1. Develop and implement a Citrus Board capital report for Phase V and VI=20
similar
to the current Phase IV reports and support the expansion construction team=20
in the   monitoring and reporting of costs, etc.
2. During the First Quarter, 2001 identify any Year End / FERC Form 2=20
reporting issues and implement solutions to meet reporting deadlines and as=20
necessary improve on any interim solutions prior to year end, 2001.=20
3. During the First Quarter, 2001 confirm the accuracy and FERC compliance of=20
the Composite Depreciation and AFUDC calculations.=20
4. Manage the quarterly CTC contract valuations (FAS 133/138) so as to=20
minimize any adverse earnings impact.
5. Support the implementation of an ETS Accounting =01&Analyst=018 Program
6. Identify and implement at least one (per department) =01&best practice=018=20
procedural improvement as a result of the new functional organization with=20
identified cost savings, efficiencies and/or revenue enhancements.
7. During the First Quarter, 2001 review the =01&Assessments=018 (Fixed=20
Distribution) in conjunction with the new organization and initiate changes=20
as appropriate.
Cindy Stark
12/07/2000 04:07 PM
Please disregard the "middle" message to Bill Cordes and note the below 
request from Stan for your 2001 Goals & Objectives to be received in our 
office by MONDAY, December 11.   I don't believe we've received a single one 
yet., and Stan wanted me to remind everyone.
Thanks,
Cindy
Cindy Stark
11/27/2000 12:18 PM
Hello, Bill!    This was sent out during my absence, and I see that your name 
was inadvertently omitted from the distribution.   Sorry about that!
Cindy
Stanley Horton
11/20/2000 02:19 PM
Sent by: Cindy Stark
I would like to see a first draft of the 2001 Goals & Objectives by December 
11, 2000.
I specifically would like to see goals dealing with the following:
1.) Resolution of the Navajo Right -of- way issue;
2.) Development of a specific business plan for NNG's South End;
3.) Timetable for TW's new expansion;
4.) Timetable for the completion of FGT's Phase IV, Phase V, and PhaseVI;
5.) Pipeline safety legislation;
6.) Divesting of Enron's clean fuels business;
7.) Business developments efforts;
8.) NNG's Equivalent Unit Risk Account  (how do we get our money back now and,
9.) E-Commerce Strategy.
We will discuss further at up-coming staff meetings.
This is a work in Progress.
Forgot the attachment. Here it is.
Rod Hayslett
12/12/2000 07:36 AM
Here is a start at the 2001 goals.      It will take more specifics before it 
is done, dates and measureable objectives but it is a start.     Please feel 
free to suggest changes, additions, deletions.     In the end we will turn 
this idea list into a scorecard.    I have not meant to exclude anyone, but I 
didn't get a lot of input from everyone on the beginning of the list Thanks to Jim there is a longer list, than I might have started with.
Hi Felicia,
I would like to have one (1) AMEX gift certificate for $50.00 processed as 
soon as possible.
Thanks,
Rod
What is the deal? 
Hayes suggested I run by you what the possible MTM situation looks like, 
particularly since I'm
not sure I know what I am doing as   the discount factors allowed and 
how to or whether to
account for the factor that the cash moneys don't start flowing in until 2nd 
quarter of 2002.
Here is my take: 
We are still working on the plane, and the answer is that the plane will be 
billed to the RC reserving it for the flight.    If commercial wants to take 
it to a lower level than that it will be up to them to do so.     It will 
take some actual doing on our side to make this happen, but it can be 
done.     The budget will be taken care of in Planning as we go through the 
year.      From an ETS point of view all of the plane is in Commercial or 
Executive (Stan) and so it should not be a problem to track the budget Tracy has the point on this one.
Jim Saunders:    What do you know about the other comments?
Mike McGowan
12/12/2000 10:16 AM
Rod--
I never heard back from you on this airplane accounting issue for year 2001 Any thoughts on timing as to who we can work with to finalize by year end Can we work with Dave Waymire here in Omaha??
Also,  there was an article in  this past  Sunday's World Herald that   FASB 
has reversed its position on merger accounting and will not require firms to 
amortize Goodwill  over time and  write it off against current income of a 
merged company.  In addition, the new plan would eliminate the  "pooling of 
interest"  restrictions and allow merged companies to sell off unwanted 
assets prior to the two year waing period now required.  I'm not sure if this 
revision would be applicable to mergers which occurred before this FASB 
revision or not 
Do you have any insights on this 
Thank You.
Mike McGowan
Mike McGowan
11/21/2000 11:40 AM
Rod - we have discussed the accounting for plane uasage on year 2001 and have 
determined that  the actual trip costs will be billed direct to the user's 
RC.  However,  the 2001 budget costs for the plane have been included in Dan 
McCarty's executive RC budget.  Thus, we will have to develop a procedure to 
charge the RC for atctual costs, but credit the plane budget and maintain 
some control as to the overall status of the budget.
Who would you like me to work with to develop/coordinate these procedures?
Thanks!
Do you have the same for the income side?
Gregory Adams
03/14/2000 08:26 AM
Rod,
Here are the credit rating ratios you requested for evaluating a potential 
deal.
In the spreadsheet I have given you two sets of figures for the year 2000 one set represents what was shown to the Board of Directors in December, the 
second set is the current set of "rating agency targets" for the year.
Please call me if you have any questions -- or need assistance formulating an 
analysis.
Greg Adams
FYI.   You got it!
John Gillespie
12/12/2000 09:03 AM
Rod,
After receiving feedback from both yourself and Phil Lowry through George 
Wasaff, we will cancel this meeting. Originally Peter Buettgen and I were  
anticipating the need to share the details of our process assessment strategy 
with you prior to our kickoff. However, it has been pointed out that Morris 
has been identified as the lead player and has responsibility for all 
decision making. Therefore we will be working directly with Morris and will 
not burden you with details unless Morris feels appropriate.
Thank you for your support and commitment in the completion of the iBuyit 
process assessment.
John
New meeting request from Rod Hayslett
12/13/2000 08:30 AM Local Time
12/13/2000 09:00 AM Local Time
Title: John Gillespie re IBUYIT (here)
Location:  -No room information available-
Chair:  Rod Hayslett/FGT/Enron
To (required): Morris Brassfield/OTS/Enron@, John Gillespie/Corp/Enron
cc (optional): Kathy Campos/GPGFIN/Enron
John: Morris can't make this time and he needs to be in it.
Morris and Elaine are responsible for this area of the ETS world and as such 
should be there and hopefully will know what this is about.     I have seen 
nothing on this proposal and probably will not be available, as I have a PRC 
on that date, out of the office.
Kim Pattison
12/12/2000 09:02 AM
Rod,
Are you attending this meeting with Morris and Elaine or just yourself?
Thanks,
Kim
68301
Rod Hayslett
12/11/2000 04:21 PM
FYI
Kim Pattison
12/11/2000 04:16 PM
A meeting concerning the above subject is schedule for 2pm with Stan Horton 
on Thursday, December 14th.  Please try to arrange your schedules to attend, 
as Stan's schedule is not flexible 
Please confirm your attendance by email or voice mail to me by tomorrow, so I 
can provide Cindy Stark with a headcount.
Thank you so much!
Kim Pattison
68301
Ultimately more definition, but for now, it's a good start.
James Saunders
12/12/2000 08:47 AM
Regarding the preliminary list, generally, 
are you "ok" with what we sent you Or, were you looking for more stretch or creativity 
I'm fine.
Michael Ratner
12/12/2000 08:39 AM
I do not see why not.  I would prefer that we have shipped the computers 
before there is any announcement.  Do you have an exact date?  If your 
announcement is before we actually ship the computers, which hopefully will 
be this week, then I would just say something like NALMP has established a 
new relationship with Enron Transportation Services, the pipeline subsidiary 
of the Enron Corporation.  If your announcement is after we ship then I would 
feel more comfortable mentioning some of the details.
Let me know what you think.
Michael
Mmvmunson@aol.com on 12/11/2000 09:29:27 PM
Michael 
??????At this time of year, I usually send out an update to NALMP supporters 
and donors about what we have been up to in the past year and what lies 
ahead. ?Do you think that I can mention this pending project with Enron? 
??????Mary
I would like to see the results of that method before we just agreed to do so.
James Saunders
12/12/2000 08:26 AM
I proposed that we allocate residual costs using a documented ETS "modified 
Massachusetts formula"
I think Tracy was "ok" with that approach Rod?
JAMES 
WEITEKAMP 12/11/2000 04:54 PM
Jim - Has there been any determination on spreading the SAP costs to the 
BUs?  We need to load the 2001 plan into SAP soon.
Rod Hayslett
11/15/2000 06:59 AM
Yes.      Let's ask Jim for a recommendation as to the method of allocation. 
JAMES 
WEITEKAMP 11/14/2000 03:46 PM
How do you want to allocate to the BUs the SAP costs that Company 0366 
receives from Corp?
Brasher  Excellent
Clements Strong
Fenstad Satisfactory
These are my thoughts based upon general knowledge of the year and some 
specifics for the last few months.     A short discussion with Phil might 
lead me to believe that he would think I might be being too generous on 
Dave.     What are your thoughts?
FYI
Steve Hotte
12/12/2000 02:09 PM
The following change in policy to e-mail and voicemail has just come to our=20
attention.  This change in policy limits our exposure.  This type of exposure=20
was discussed at this years management conference in San Antonio, listing=20
examples with Microsoft.  The largest impact of this change is your "sent=20
mail" retention being reduced to 30 days from the current 365 days.  You will=20
note that if you move your sent mail to a folder it will be retained for an=20
entire year which should minimize this impact.  The rationale for the=20
continued longevity in folders is that if you physically move mail to a=20
folder you are making a conscious decision to keep that document.
If you have not dealt with folders please give me a call and I can assist you=20
on their creation and on moving the documents into them.  Unless I hear a=20
concern, this new policy will be implemented on Friday, December 15th.  Our=20
help desk will be sending a message to the entire team tomorrow to notify=20
them of this action.
=09Mark Frevert@
=09Sent by: Enron Announcements@
=0911/07/2000 09:44 PM
=09=09=20
As a reminder, ENA=01,s policy regarding retention of electronic mail, including=20
Lotus Notes mail, Internet e-mail, cc:mail and voicemail is as follows:
Message Location    Maximum Retention
Inbox       30 Days
Message Log/Sent Mail   30 Days
Trash       Rollover from Inbox for 15 days
Bulletin Boards     30 Days
Folders/Archives    E-mails placed in Folders or Archives =01) one year
Voicemail     90 days
E-mail and voicemail older than the maximum retention will be purged=20
automatically by IT, which is responsible for monitoring compliance with this=20
policy.  Any exception to this policy requires approval by Mark Haedicke or=20
Richard Sanders.
Mark Frevert and Mark Haedicke
The cash flows for 2001 are currently locked, but if we get a chance to 
adjust for carry forwards we will.   Worst case is that the dollars will have 
to be reapproved as outside of the budget.     Likely that we will be able to 
do some internal moving of dollars to compensate for this, but not guarenteed.
Steve Gilbert
12/12/2000 01:55 PM
While talking with Kim and Martha a question was asked  on capital budgeting 
for Revenue Management..  The question has to do with carrying over 
previously  approved dollars from 2000 to 2001.
The facts ($millions 
2000 Revenue Management Budget:
$5.7 - Original RM Phase one approval
$(1.0)  In July 00, this amount was approved to spend in 2001 (in the 2001 
budget as a line item)
$4.7    Expected expenditures in 2000 for Phase one.
$(1.0) Current assessment of money not needed for Phase one deliverables 
(estimated, may still change)
$3.7     Amount  approved  with current work-orders
$  .8     Possible amount to be carried over and spent in 2001 
$2.9     Phase one amount to be spent in 2000
2001 Revenue Management Budget:
$ 1.0   Phase one approved carryover  (in 2001 budget)
$  .8  Estimated additional carryover   (not currently in 2001 budget)
$3.0 Phase two   ( in 2001 budget  in the Marketing Pool)
$ 4.8  Total to be  spent in 2000
Question Since the $.8 was approved and is covered in the existing work-orders, can 
this be additive to the 2001 budget without any further approval - even 
though it is not currently a line item in the 2001 budget?  Or does the  $.8 
have to be offset against the Marketing Pool?
If this $.8 does go against the Marketing pool of $15.0 million, will the 
revenues generated from Revenue Management  reduce the revenues generated 
from the pool?  In other words If the capital dollars from the pool are 
reduced because of RM will the revenues also be reduced?
Any idea on when I can get your info?
The Market Service Team has reviewed their requirements for the proposed 
relocation of ETS within the Enron building.  Under this plan, Gas Control 
would not move from their current location and the Market Service Teams would 
be in close proximity to Transactional Marketing and Facility Planning Julia's intent is to have discussion with Danny to make sure the 
organizations are aligned to support the commercial teams. 
Please let me know if you have any questions.
Donna
For Kathy:    How many have been submitted?
Rod Hayslett
11/14/2000 07:20 AM
Please respond to Kathy Campos who will collect our data and work with Pam to 
develop the plan.
Pamela Daily
11/03/2000 06:58 PM
To begin the process of thinking about what is needed to plan our space for 
the future, we need to pull together some very simple information from each 
of you.   Please provide the following to Rod Hayslett or to me as soon as 
possible:
Number of work spaces by category:
Office
Cubicle/work station - high walls
Cubicle/work station - low walls
Number of additional work spaces (visitors, auditors, etc.)
Number of Conference/Team Rooms:
Small (4-6 person)
Medium (7-12 person)
Large (more than 12 - please specify)
File Rooms: Specify the linear footage of file space required and/or list 
special requirements for maps, etc.
Special:  Model Office
Computer Rooms/Cold Rooms
Map Tables and/or walls
Writable walls
Video Conference Equipment/Connections
Other
Also, please identify one person from your organization that can be used for 
coordination purposes. For instance, Rod Hayslett will assign Kathy Campos 
for his section.
Thanks for your help in this effort!
FYI.    This close date is of large significance to GPG as we are going to be 
asking management to wait an extra week for monthly info that ties out to the 
financials.     This variance from what we thought was a "Common Design" is a 
huge deal, in fact the agreed upon close timing was a major consideration in 
getting agreement within GPG to go forward as it was an improvement that we 
could see had value.   I agreed to and "stacked hands" with all on the 
"Common Design", yet somehow there has been a failure to deliver the "Common 
Design".   I just want to make sure that the two of you are aware of my 
position on this issue.
Michael Sullivan
06/21/2000 02:14 PM
I think Steve was planning to add my comments on impact of prolonging GPG 
close to the risk document, but  I did not see it in the document I edited 
yesterday.  To restate, it needs to be noted under org impact that GPG's 
close is going from 5 to 8+ days which is unacceptable.  We have the 
impression that there is not sufficient desire/potential across the BUs to do 
what is necessary to get it down to the committed 3 days that we all agreed 
to at the ASE.  We view this as a showstopper and will hold the  project and 
COE and our own team accountable for meeting that committment by the end of 
the year if not sooner.  It seems like we should already have a plan in place 
on how we are going to achieve that.  This was a design signoff exception too.
Also, info for risk document below.  My question below was taken from the 
risk doc and responded to for actions that have been taken..
If you can, please update for these two items before next distribution
Thanks
FYI.     This was the detail provided to Sarabeth.
12/11/2000 10:07 AM
John Jesse
To recap our recent discussion, my understanding was that you were looking 
for an Enron or NBP entity to serve as the lessor in a lease financing 
transaction that would be offered as an option in the pending EAMR bid for 
the Trailblazer construction project.  Since such transaction would need to 
be priced based upon the credit rating of the entity or the sponsors 
(depending upon the structure) the expected returns will not justify the 
balance sheet impact on Northern Border Partners if this entity were to 
function as lessor.  Furthermore, I have assumed that this conclusion also 
holds true from Enron's perspective given their strategy of reserving balance 
sheet capacity for higher return projects.
Since the bid parameters do not specify a lease requirement, Trailblazer may 
already have funding in place.  If not, EAMR could insert language in the bid 
that they or their designee would arrange lease financing for the project 
upon selection of EAMR as the winning bidder.  At that point, we would work 
with commercial banks or major leasing companies to develop a cost-effective 
financing transaction.
I hope this addresses your questions regarding the feasibility of such a 
transaction, but please call me at x7843 in Omaha if you wish to discuss 
further.  Good luck with your bid!
FYI.
Brasher  Excellent
Clements Strong
Fenstad Satisfactory
12/12/2000 02:26 PM
Morris Brassfield
Morris Brassfield
Morris Brassfield
12/12/2000 02:26 PM
12/12/2000 02:26 PM
From casual observations, I cannot dispute your ratings.   I do feel that 
Dave needs to step up to the plate and start delivering some new and creative 
solutions for outstanding issues.  He has the capabilities.   It seems he 
tends to manage too much by wandering around and not taking the lead.
I fully support Barney's rating, but could see both Dave and Larry's ratings 
being on the lower edge of the recommended ratings.
I will do all I can to shore up the organization by placing some expectations 
for improvements before the whole group and dividing up the accountabilities 
accordingly.
I fully support what you have recommended.
Rod Hayslett
12/12/2000 01:53 PM
Brasher  Excellent
Clements Strong
Fenstad Satisfactory
These are my thoughts based upon general knowledge of the year and some 
specifics for the last few months.     A short discussion with Phil might 
lead me to believe that he would think I might be being too generous on 
Dave.     What are your thoughts?
What were the individual participation rates by entity?
Shirley Jo Wilson
12/12/2000
Before I answer this email, thought I would confirm with you how we intend 
collecting and distributing the $180K  rebate for the pre-buy program.  The 
methanol plant contributed $300K toward the $1.500K goal.
Thanks,
Shirley Jo Dickens-Wilson
Director - Process and Operating Equipment
Global Strategic Sourcing
713-646-7545
shirley.jo.wilson@
Kerry Roper
12/12/2000 08:29 AM
How will we recieve this rebate on our books.  Will it be credited to the 
same place the charge hits?
Stephen Busick
12/11/2000 02:18 PM
Stephen Busick
08/09/2000 03:16 PM
Shirley,
Now that we have discussed it, I understand sufficiently to be confident that 
it's good all around for us to participate.  It will alter our procurement 
timing a little if we do delay our overhauls to next year (we would be buying 
the long lead, high dollar stuff this quarter even if we do delay), but it 
seems clear that it is in Enron's best interest to make those slight changes. 
I will let our controller and Finance Manager know what's up just to keep 
them informed.  They may be helpful to us in figuring out how to get the 
rebate to come into GPG through Enron Methanol Company or Enron Clean Fuels I will admit to very limited knowlege of how those transactions take place.
I will also let Debbie Hinkle (our buyer, 281/882-4232) know to expect your 
call about prices we have been receiving from Cooper.
Thanks again, 
Steve
Shirley Jo Wilson
08/09/2000 09:28 AM
Steve,
Per my voice mail today.
We would like to offer your operation the opportunity to receive 12% rebate 
on parts purchased from Cooper.  We have prepaid $1.5MM for parts and will 
receive a 12% rebate.
Other parts of GPG have used about $600K of the pre-buy and we would like to 
role your shutdown requirements into the program.
Please call me as soon as possible and I will answer any questions you have.
Look forward to talking to you. 
,
Shirley Jo Dickens-Wilson
713-646-7545
This is an FYI, but I think that Insurance probably fits into Jerry's world.
Phil Lowry
12/13/2000 07:18 AM
Attached is list of the outstanding insurance claims provided to us by Risk 
Management.  As I indicated to Rod yesterday, I have been informed that the 
premiums that were paid this year were $15,000,000 and given the claims 
submitted at $43,000,000, Corp is looking for a way to mitigate anticipated 
rising premium costs.   They are looking very hard at Hawkin's Audit Program 
to help them out.  As this list indicates, International assets should bear 
the brunt of future costs.  The Transwestern train derailment will be about 
$700,000 ($200k for repair and $500k for buisness interruption), both of 
which will ulitmately be reimbursed by the railroad.
I can't make it.     I have another PRC to do.
John Keiser
12/13/2000 09:29 AM
Non-replies at this time:  Saunders, Hayslett, Lev
I think we had Afflerbach, Jolibois and Keiser as drivers.  I can take 
three.  Please contact the others for rides as soon as possible.  I will be 
parked in front of building at 11:15 am to pick up.  Maggie took her group to 
the same restaurant on Monday and was quite pleased.
John Keiser
12/05/2000 04:16 PM
In Between Holidays, Post Budget, Post Election, Post Ballot Recount(s Pre-Election Results Determination, Pre-Reorganization Celebratory 
Extravaganza:
How about lunch?
Place:  Maggiano's Little Italy, 2019 Post Oak Blvd., between Westheimer and 
San Felipe, on east side of street.
Thursday, December 14th
11:30 am
We need a few drivers.
Please RSVP to me!
Will he be having one the first tuesday of January, 1/2/01?
Sharron Westbrook @ ENRON
12/13/2000 11:14 AM
The CAO Staff Meeting scheduled for Tuesday, Dec. 19 has been canceled.
I will have both Jim Saunders and Jerry Peters in attendance.
Cindy Stark
12/13/2000 01:52 PM
Thanks for the "heads-up", Julie!   Stan would like for both Danny and Rod to 
send subs to our staff meeting on January 8th, and please let me know who 
they will be.
Thanks,
Cindy
Julie Armstrong
12/13/2000 09:38 AM
Cindy:
Please note that I just received information from Cindy Olson on the Year-End 
2000 VP and MD PRC meeting.  It is scheduled for Monday, January 8th and 
Danny is required to attend as he serves on that committee.  Danny would not 
be able to attend Stan's staff meeting.  Thanks.
FYI
Dortha Gray
12/13/2000 02:18 PM
Find attached (i) a schedule detailing draft distribution dates and (ii) the 
responsibility matrix for the 2000 Enron Annual Report.  The responsibility 
matrix lists the responsible business unit contact, a corporate contact as 
well as due dates 
Gary
Approved.
Tracy Geaccone
12/13/2000 04:33 PM
For your approval.
Thanks
Tracy
Kathy Campos
12/13/2000 03:47 PM
Tracy, 
Attached is your expense report, please review and forward for approval.
Thanks,
Kathy
Approved.
Kathy Campos
12/13/2000 03:56 PM
Rod,
Attached is my expense report, please review and approve.
Thanks.
Kathy
I haven't heard back from Rebecca on this, but I'm sure she is busy.   Do 
either of you care to answer my question below.
Rod Hayslett
07/20/2000 12:44 PM
I'm not sure what you have heard back from the crew in Bristol/Bath, but I 
found them to be very interested in achieving maximum success.    There was a 
lot of learning on my part, but I'm now more convinced than ever that Wessex 
is very much like our gas pipeline business.    Even to the fact that the 
internal regulatory types don't believe the regulators will approve it.     I 
have offered continuing assistance as needed (in fact have a conference call 
setup for tomorrow).    I was able to give them the benefit of my experiences 
and tried to create analogies to our experiences here.   In some cases I'm 
sure it made a difference, in others the group may actually be in front of 
some of our thinking.    I think I can see an opportunity to expand the 
thinking on both sides of "the pond" in the regulated businesses  with just 
some simple contacts and have promised to help them at least start 
conversations with more counterparts in the pipeline group 
Let me know how you want me to charge you the travel costs.     I can submit 
the claim here and bill you or I can submit the claim to you.
I didn't forget 
Do you still have the instructions for the wire to Compass Bank in the 
files?   I would like it wired there.
Rod,
we executed those shares yesterday at 85.1875.
call when you need me to wire.
Erik
Here is the info:
Bank:   Compass Bank
Transit #: 113 010 547
Account #: 0600 1564
For credit to the account of Roderick J. and Kathleen R. Hayslett
Thanks.   I would like this done as soon as possible as I will be needing the 
funds at the end of the week.
Rod Hayslett
unfortunately, i do not have those instructions in my files. could you please 
offer them again.
Do you still have the instructions for the wire to Compass Bank in the
files?   I would like it wired there.
Rod,
we executed those shares yesterday at 85.1875.
call when you need me to wire.
Erik
Consulting Group that may be able to help with SAP stuff.
We won't have a permanent place until sometime after the end of December.
Rod,
This is a good opportunity to make the consolidation we discussed last week.  Property Services is indicting the move needs to be completed in two weeks.
Keith Dodson
Steve,
Enron Property Services may need us to move Accounting from the 9th to the 8th floor - this is due to the relocation of personnel from 21&22 to 9&10.  They are to get back to me today or early next week with more details.  Do we know already or would it be possible to expedite the answer to Accounting's long term home from an organizational standpoint?  Depending on the answer maybe it would be possible to move them to their 'final' home now (if it is outside of EEOS) instead of moving them twice.
Please advise,
Marilyn
What's the first day you have free for lunch?
Hi Rod,
I know you will be looking into cost and support issues relating to the services we get from Enron Global Finance.  I am of the opinion that the dedication of a talented Global Finance professional will provide us with a much better work product (service) at a significantly lower cost, if we can get EGF to allocate 100% of the cost of the employee and eliminate their allocation to us entirely.
I would like to suggest that you consider Dan Castagnola as the dedicated resource.  Not only is Dan very familiar with all or a majority of our projects from both the commercial as well as the finance perspective, but in my experience working with him, he is an extremely creative and talented business person.  I would feel very fortunate to have Dan on my team.
Just a recommendation 
Thanks, Mariella
ps: Jeff has worked with Dan so he can also give you his independent perspective.
Do you have a history with Hughes?
Rod:
I think it may eventually be appropriate, but I would prefer not to do it right away.  My team has had a bad experience with Global Finance over the years.  They have always had an arrogant attitude and often did deals involving our assets without consulting or even involving the commercial team responsible for the asset.  Kevin is going to need to overcome this and demonstrate that he is coming in to behave differently.  It is very important to me to have a centralized analytical team so that I know there is consistency, independence and thoroughness in the analytics related to the EGAS businesses.  I have learned the hard way that analytical groups under the control of a commercial team sometimes produce lower quality results. I also like to have a single point of contact for other parts of the Enron organization that want or need models, valuations and analytics.  Again, historically I have seen disastrous results when there are multiple sources of information relating to any given project.
I do think it makes sense to describe Louie Fischer's relationship to Kevin as a dotted line and then we can reevaluate over time.  I would also suggest that prior to or immediately following an announcement you have Kevin go meet with each manager of a significant business (namely Pete and Mariella) to introduce himself and describe how he is going to fit into the organization.  I also think he needs to make that introduction interactive and do some listening not just talking.  He will ultimately find them more cooperative and trusting if he makes an effort to assure them that he is part of the team and not just a finance guy trying to get his name on a deal and earn a big bonus.
Jim
I am getting ready to announce that I am bringing Kevin Howard into EGS as Vice President of Finance and Transaction Support.    Thinking about the current organization, do think it appropriate to consider putting Ms Fischer in his organization?   The kind of things she is doing for you currently are similar to the kind of things we are going to have Kevin working with Corp on.   I will be putting into his organization the economic analytic talents and special projects people from the pipeline group as well as some others.    We will not be charging out these costs into the specific commercial units, but instead expect them to generate the ideas and value to pay for themselves.    His group will be providing services to all, but I am willing to carve out some priorities.
Rod Hayslett
EB4054
713-853-6178
Understood, that's what I thought this was.
Rod,
The primary change to the Plan is to add the ability to grant Phantom LP Units. Right now the Phantom Units under the Plan are valued based upon a general partner distribution rate divided by the distribution yield, which depending upon what assumptions are used, makes these phantom units quite expensive. It was decided that the grants should be based upon the Common Unit price and not the general partner valuation. I am not sure of the breakdown of employees per NP and NBP that have elected to defer bonuses into this Plan to date. Benefits have asked that we have the changes put into place by Friday in order to incorporate them into the year-end deferral package offered to employees. If you need financial projections, I will have Jerry provide those. Hope this addresses your concerns.  If not, I will be happy to provide more.  Janet
Can someone send us a synopsis of the changes in the plan and what the expected impact on NP and NBP services comapny is? 
Drew and Rod,
I thought that I would give you a heads-up that a Unanimous Consent is being circulated for your signature. Northern Plains and NBP Services Corp are the sponsors of the Northern Border Phantom Unit Plan. We have been working with the benefits group and Pat Mackin and have now prepared an Amended and Restated Northern Border Phantom Unit Plan. The Consent authorizes the adoption and execution of that Plan. I have initialed the Consent for your execution. Should you need any further explanation, please let me know. Thanks.  Janet
FYI
   > E-Notes provides regular briefings on new developments in global energy
 and public utility law.
 
 October 31, 2001
 
 RISK CONSIDERATIONS FOR ENRON COUNTERPARTIES:
 FAILURE TO EXERCISE RIGHTS MAY CONSTITUTE WAIVER
 
 
 	The reduction by Moody's Investor Service Inc. of Enron Corp.'s
 senior unsecured long-term debt to Baa2 from Baa1 this week may be an
 issue of concern for companies that are counterparts to Enron obligations.
 This downgrade may have immediate consequences under existing transactions
 with Enron given that its current credit rating is now two levels above
 non-investment grade.  Any further downgrade into non-investment grade
 levels could seriously affect relationships between counterparties and
 Enron, and possibly Enron counterparties and their counterparties. 
 
 	Enron is the principal in nearly one-quarter of all electricity and
 natural gas trades in the United States.  For Enron's power and gas
 trading counterparties, a credit event such as a downgrade by Moody's may
 precipitate certain obligations under the terms of their trading
 transactions.  For example, any downgrade, not just a downgrade resulting
 in a sub-investment grade rating, may entitle a counterparty to require
 Enron to provide additional credit in support of Enron's purchase
 obligations.  Counterparties should examine all power, gas or other
 commodity purchase and sale documentation to confirm whether they possess
 this right.  The failure to exercise this right may constitute a waiver
 and foreclose access to critical performance and payment assurance,
 threatening to alter the risk assessment and mitigation considerations
 upon which the transactions were originally based.  Furthermore, a failure
 to declare a credit event or default against Enron could cause a default
 on the part of the counterparty itself in collateral or ancillary
 arrangements, such as its financing.  The potential for a domino effect,
 causing defaults or credit events in a series of transactions, is
 considerable.
 
 	It is uncertain whether Enron's efforts to obtain new lines of
 credit will be sufficient to overcome the current difficulties.
 Regardless, it is prudent to review the terms of existing transactions
 with Enron or its affiliates, including any guarantees or other forms of
 corporate credit support.  It is also advisable to examine the terms of
 transactions dependent on, or otherwise ancillary to, transactions with
 Enron or its affiliates to avoid any consequential effects of the Enron
 credit ratings downgrade.
 
 	For further information on how Enron's current financial situation
 could impact your firm's transaction risk profile, please contact Michael
 Zimmer at 202.452.7055 or michael.j.zimmer@bakernet.com, Jonathan W.
 Gottlieb at 202.452.7084 or jonathan.w.gottlieb@bakernet.com or Samir
 Desai at 202.452.7057 or samir.s.desai@bakernet.com > 
 Michael J. Zimmer
 Jonathan W. Gottlieb
 Samir S. Desai
 
 
 
 __________________________________________________________________________
 __
 E-Notes is a publication of Baker & McKenzie.  It does not constitute
 legal advice or a legal opinion on any specific facts or circumstances.
 The contents are intended as general information only.  You are urged to
 consult your attorney concerning your situation and specific legal
 questions you may have.  For further information on the subjects discussed
 in E-Notes, contact Michael J. Zimmer,
 mailto:michael.j.zimmer@bakernet.com or
 Jonathan W. Gottlieb, mailto:jonathan.w.gottlieb@bakernet.com.
 
 For more information about BAKER & McKENZIE and our global energy and
 utility practice, click on our electronic business card:
 or visit our website at > Areas/nabfmp/energy/!viewme.htm > 
 
 
FYI
Jim, thanks for the note.  Please forward this on to Clint Walden, Rick Causey and Rod Hayslett (and anyone else you think needs this information)
I have a couple of comments on the conditions below that were discussed on the phone but were not included in the list below.  We would expect a
representation from the Board as well as outside legal counsel on point #4 below.  Also, I assume this review is a condition precedent in the debt
documents.  Enron should be aware that there may be issues that arise that do not allow us to complete our work in the timetable necessary and should
consider whether wording the loan documents relating to this cp should be modified to describe the review as something that is a condition precendent
"if it is professionally able to be completed."   Also, all of these conditions assume there are no financial obligations from the entities in
the reviews from or to Enron corp.  If so, those contractual relationships will need to be evaluted to determine if "overhang" issues combined with
the financial obligations might preclude us from completing our review.   This is a high priority item.  I would ask that the company assist us in
immediately identifying and evaluating those financial obligations, if any,  to determine if significant issues exist.  We can get started now on that.
Please call Heather Mueck and Chris Herbold.  I would like to get that identification work completed by end of business tomorrow.  Heather and
Gerrad will be leading the review work and Chris will be assisting also.
Overall debt questions.  We need to understand terms, conditions and debt documents.  Who has these? We are ready to start reviewing today.
Financial statements and review work. What periods are going to be included in the documents? The comment below says quarterly.  Which quarters?
Year-to-date? Comparison to prior years? We would expect a full set of financial statements with footnotes for all periods presented (balance
sheets, income statements and cash flows?   Who is drafting the footnote that describes the overhang issues? This is a high priority item that will
get much review and scrutiny. l would like to get the Company's signed off footnote disclosure on the "overhang" issues tomorrow.  Also, we will need
immediate access to the financials and your people to answer questions. When can we get the financials that will be included in the deal.  I assume
Enron personnel will be available to answer questions 24/7 beginning today to complete this work in the necessary timeframe?
I know these are many questions.  More to come I am sure.  But I also want to get started and focused on time consuming issues.  We will be
determining our expanded scope procedures that are referred to below. 
fyi
we have provided draft third quarter nng and tw financials to gary peng
and clint walden at ene
   *******************    How do we get this loop closed?     Is this a meeting?
i have yet to hear from rex rogers (for obvious reasons), and have yet to get satisfactory (to Andersen) closure on the MTBE tax
issue
What can we do about getting this done?
If you want to have a "snowball" chance of getting this done this year, we need sign-off on the acctg comments.
Still want to try and get it done this year. Per Stan this am. Cash is king for now and we need thepricing to get the rest of the cash.   If it has to be pushed to next year, that works, but if it can be done it needs to be.
Let Warren and Tom know that this is a critical. 
i am attempting to coordinate a tax w Roger W, Warren Schick, and Tom Meers
How do we get this loop closed?     Is this a meeting?
i have yet to hear from rex rogers (for obvious reasons), and have yet to get satisfactory (to Andersen) closure on the MTBE tax
issue
What can we do about getting this done?
If you want to have a "snowball" chance of getting this done this year, we need sign-off on the acctg comments.
Still want to try and get it done this year. Per Stan this am. Cash is king for now and we need thepricing to get the rest of the cash.   If it has to be pushed to next year, that works, but if it can be done it needs to be.
713 646-3708
I do have a copy, although it is not all in electronic form.  I am happy to fax if you give me a number.
Do you have a copy of your response?
Rod-
This is the AA memo they discussed with us last Friday.  I have prepared a package to respond to all the points.  I plan to send it to them tomorrow morning.  I have discussed the package and its contents with Rick and Rodney.  Let me know if you have any questions.
Attached please find a summary memo which details our review of Azurix's
valuation analyses (DCF and market approaches) related to possible goodwill
impairment at Wessex.  We look forward to discussing these points at 3 PM
today.
(See attached file: Memo re Azurix (Wessex) Review.doc)
Ken
*******************    I would be happy to do so.   Do you have a preference, or Lawrence do you have a preference as to how this is handled? 
Should someone from the pipes be in the bank meeting, for moral support, if not for the steel.
Rod,
I spoke to Jack Insinga of Standard Chartered yesterday. He specifically needs to speak to someone with Enron who can address the EOTT situation from Enron's perspective.  I told hiim I thought you were the best person for this discussion. We are having a bank meeting next Friday a.m. , November 9th and perhaps sometime prior to that would be a good time to meet.
All of the banks are looking for more information before they will do anything for us so realistically I am not optimistic that BNP Paribas will change their credit view at this time.  Hopefully after the banks have had time to digest the bank meeting information, credit committees will calm down a bit.
Thanks, Kelly
FYI
Rod I do not have Kelly Boots e-mail address and am traveling today without a phone directory... but I wanted to share or at least ask that we treat Standard Chartered real nice as we go through this crisis.  These guys are stepping up for us in every way....they (along with ING) are 100% behind us and are putting their money on it.  Also BNP Pays Bas is having an awful time with their credit committee...the business people have approved this and do not feel that Enron's problem effects us but the credit committee is not so forgiving.  If Kelly or anyone can do anything to help Paysbas in this situation it would be greatly appreciated.   My account executive there is Lincoln Payton and Marci Weiss 
Would you be so kind as to pass this along to Kelly or anyone else that you feel appropriate?
Jack Insigna just called me and he has gotten approval from his credit officer to do:
Apache 
J. Cleo Thompson
Newfield Exlporation
W.C. Miller 
jc 
Josie Castrejana
Director - Credit/Finance
Ph.: 713/993--5285
Fax: 713/402-2886
Do you have his number?
Rod,
I spoke to Jack Insinga of Standard Chartered yesterday. He specifically needs to speak to someone with Enron who can address the EOTT situation from Enron's perspective.  I told hiim I thought you were the best person for this discussion. We are having a bank meeting next Friday a.m. , November 9th and perhaps sometime prior to that would be a good time to meet.
All of the banks are looking for more information before they will do anything for us so realistically I am not optimistic that BNP Paribas will change their credit view at this time.  Hopefully after the banks have had time to digest the bank meeting information, credit committees will calm down a bit.
Thanks, Kelly
FYI
Rod I do not have Kelly Boots e-mail address and am traveling today without a phone directory... but I wanted to share or at least ask that we treat Standard Chartered real nice as we go through this crisis.  These guys are stepping up for us in every way....they (along with ING) are 100% behind us and are putting their money on it.  Also BNP Pays Bas is having an awful time with their credit committee...the business people have approved this and do not feel that Enron's problem effects us but the credit committee is not so forgiving.  If Kelly or anyone can do anything to help Paysbas in this situation it would be greatly appreciated.   My account executive there is Lincoln Payton and Marci Weiss 
Would you be so kind as to pass this along to Kelly or anyone else that you feel appropriate?
Jack Insigna just called me and he has gotten approval from his credit officer to do:
Apache 
J. Cleo Thompson
Newfield Exlporation
W.C. Miller 
jc 
Josie Castrejana
Director - Credit/Finance
Ph.: 713/993--5285
Fax: 713/402-2886
Was there a plan here, like you guys decided to not pay, or was this just overlooked?
just as an fyi.
Every time I think we're bringing closure to IT expenses related to Azurix another item to discuss/debate turns up 
Scott,the information on the Ariba invoice follows.  We don't physically have the invoice here but the vendor is inquiring on payment.
OM0007622 dated 02/22/01 due 03/24/01 $83,000.00  The invoice was sent to
Randy Dutton WaterDesk Corp. 333 Clay Street
Suite 1000 Houston, TX  77002-7293.
The contact at Ariba is:
Lisa Kahn
Ariba Inc.
Credit Analyst
650-390-4268
Thanks
Please forward to Scott for review.  How much is the invoice for and when was it dated?
Steve, Ariba has invoices still open related to the Waterdesk Marketplace.  Do you know if there are any points of contact that can address Ariba's invoices?
Thanks
Raul,
I believe all the WaterDesk folks are gone. I would suggest getting in touch with someone within EGS group. I recall the WaterDesk folks believing they would not pay Ariba for this as their marketplace has shut down. I don't know if contractually they have this right. Maybe Mike Sullivan can help.
Sorry.
John
John, Do you know who took over the Waterdesk stuff for Azurix?  Ariba is calling to get their invoices paid.  The invoice is not in iPayit but Ariba doesn't know who to contact on it.  Any ideas?
Raul,
Need your help on this,  I have no idea if we indeed are working with Azurix invoices.  Maybe you know of a contact that we can ask or forward this issue to 
Let me know.
Letty
Thanks -- I have no idea who at Azurix would be resonsible for this.
Hal,
Your name was provided to me from our records.  I am looking for payment
status on an outstanding invoice which is for WaterDesk Corporation.  Enron
purchased WaterDesk in December 2000.  The invoice is for 2nd year license
of Dynamic Trade software.  The invoice information is:
OM0007622 dated 02/22/01 due 03/24/01 $83,000.00  The invoice was sent to
Randy Dutton WaterDesk Corp. 333 Clay Street
Suite 1000 Houston, TX  77002-7293.
If you are not the correct person to contact, please provide me with a
contact name, phone #, & email address.
I look forward to your response.
Thank you,
Lisa Kahn
Ariba Inc.
Credit Analyst
650-390-4268
Yes, my mistake.
Rod, I noticed that Caroline was not invited.  Should she be?
The consensus is now for an am meeting.     I will have Kathy Campos, my assistant, begin to set things up.    For those out of town, you can consider attending via the telephone and if Kathy can get it set up, we will have a video conference call as well.
I would like to have a meeting on October 31st (maybe later if that date won't work), either in the AM or the PM, but probably about 3 hours or so.    I would like to discuss organizations and how we are going to provide the support the EGS organization requires both at Stan's level and at each level in the organization.    I would also like to discuss the top 3-5 concerns you have for your business and your people.   You should decide if there are people in your organization that are needed to discuss basic functions of Planning, Accounting, Finance and Tax and feel free to include them in this process, but I would like to keep the group to Director level or above.    Please let Kathy know who they are.    I would like to know if you are available or have a preference for morning or afternoon.
Thanks 
Rod Hayslett
EB4054
713-853-6178
FYI
status - interim 3rd qt to date TW and NNG noteholder reports (w/o notes) have been provided to Andersen.
Andersen is developing detailed "pbc", other requirements listing.
As part of the recent pipeline financings, Andersen will be performing "comfort" tests and preparing a review report. This may entail
"pbc" preparation in ETS Acctg.  I have been designated the ETS Acctg. "point" person, so hopefully "pbc's" will be coordinated
systematically. I do NOT know the volume of data required, but please make every effort to quickly compile, review and submit requested data.  More to follow 
Patty, I do NOT think your NBP team will be impacted.
Are these any of our floors?
During a recent review of Enron's High-rise Fire Evacuation Plan, the City of Houston Fire Department noted that several of our floors did not have the required number of trained Fire Wardens.
I need your help.  If you are a full-time Enron employee, please consider being a Fire Warden for your floor.  Newly designated Fire Wardens must complete a two-hour certification training sponsored by the Fire Marshall's Office on Thursday, Nov. 15.
Please contact Monica Rodriquez (x35393) or Harry Grubbs (x35417) to participate as an Enron Fire Warden.
Thank you for your commitment to safety in our workplace.
Stan
Fire Wardens are needed on the following floors:
Building	Floor	Number of Wardens Needed	
Three Allen Center	3	2	
Three Allen Center	9	1	
Three Allen Center	17	2	
Three Allen Center	19	2	
Three Allen Center	21	2	
Three Allen Center	33	3	
Enron Center North	2	4	
Enron Center North	8	1	
Enron Center North	9	2	
Enron Center North	13	2	
Enron Center North	14	1	
Enron Center North	24	1	
Enron Center North	32	4	
Enron Center North	43	2	
Enron Center North	45	2	
Enron Center North 	46	4	
Enron Center North	50	1	
Enron Center North 	50-M	4	
Enron Center North	B-2	3	
Explain what you are looking for?
I work for Jeff Donahue, Mitch Taylor, etc.  They have asked me to get the financial forecasts for  NNG ASAP.  They said you'd be able to help me with this effort.
,
Mark Wadlington
Director
Enron Corp.
Agreed.
Make sure they are current.
FYI
CONFIDENTIAL
Kevin, for your use, note, this is confidential information from rate case settlement negotiations.
Below are the Rate Base, Capitalization, Overall Return and Return on Equity for NNG and TW, in response to query No. 8.  Note, that for TW the only "official" numbers in the RP93-34 Settlement were $68,122,500 for pre-tax return, 14.65% pre-tax return percent and 11.50% return on equity percent. For Northern, the Rate Base and Pre-tax return were stipulated in Article 1 of the RP98-203 Settlement.  The Capitalization Structure and Return on Equity were provided in the "Workpapers" attached to the Settlement.
NNG					TW
Rate Base				$$1,064,104,088			$465,000,000
Capitalization Structure		Debt: 41.57%; Equity: 58.43%		Debt: 42.00%; Equity: 58.00%
Overall Return					10.35%					10.29%
Return on Equity				12.27%					11.50%
As you can see we are working to get our floors covered.
Yes, I'll work with the 9th floor residents next week to set up fire wardens.
We have six fire wardens on 3AC 6th floor -- I'll get 2 more.
Stan's list indicated we need 3 more on 3AC 33, but we have 8. I'll e-mail names to Monica.
RF
Ruthann, I think you have already taken care of the 3AC floors, but could you please follow up on 9th floor to see what needs to happen after EGAS moves? Also, have you already taken care of 3?
I'll take care of Enron Building. Looks like we're pretty okay except for 13.
Thanks!
Are these any of our floors?
During a recent review of Enron's High-rise Fire Evacuation Plan, the City of Houston Fire Department noted that several of our floors did not have the required number of trained Fire Wardens.
I need your help.  If you are a full-time Enron employee, please consider being a Fire Warden for your floor.  Newly designated Fire Wardens must complete a two-hour certification training sponsored by the Fire Marshall's Office on Thursday, Nov. 15.
Please contact Monica Rodriquez (x35393) or Harry Grubbs (x35417) to participate as an Enron Fire Warden.
Thank you for your commitment to safety in our workplace.
Stan
Fire Wardens are needed on the following floors:
Building	Floor	Number of Wardens Needed	
Three Allen Center	3	2	
Three Allen Center	9	1	
Three Allen Center	17	2	
Three Allen Center	19	2	
Three Allen Center	21	2	
Three Allen Center	33	3	
Enron Center North	2	4	
Enron Center North	8	1	
Enron Center North	9	2	
Enron Center North	13	2	
Enron Center North	14	1	
Enron Center North	24	1	
Enron Center North	32	4	
Enron Center North	43	2	
Enron Center North	45	2	
Enron Center North 	46	4	
Enron Center North	50	1	
Enron Center North 	50-M	4	
Enron Center North	B-2	3	
Sally:   Can you help me figure out who I need to talk to to get the deals we did with you as ECT back in 1999, modified?
I have twice emailed Sally Beck, the signatory on the last agreements signed by ENA, with NNG and TW, to see if she could give me a lead on whom to contact.  I also left her a voice mail.  She has not responded.   We cannot proceed with the Northern Border implementation without a confidentiality agreement between ENA and NBP 
Caminus is still looking to set up a meeting for gathering requirements for both NBP and possibly the Risk Analytics package.
Sally,
Thanks
Vince Strohmeyer
713.853.6701
Here is my shot at it.
Kevin and Rod,
I'm working with Corp. PR to develop q&a's for the press release that communicated Enron securing commitments for additional $1billion in financing 
Would you both take a look a the questions and answers and fill in the missing/incorrect information?
Can I hear back from you this afternoon?  This document will have to be reviewed by legal before finalized.
Thanks for your help.
Gina
Jim should call with aphone number so that I don't ave to over there
Please send me an email to let me know
I missed you again.    Sorry.   Its for the am, can you make it?
I would like to have a meeting on October 31st (maybe later if that date won't work), either in the AM or the PM, but probably about 3 hours or so.    I would like to discuss organizations and how we are going to provide the support the EGS organization requires both at Stan's level and at each level in the organization.    I would also like to discuss the top 3-5 concerns you have for your business and your people.   You should decide if there are people in your organization that are needed to discuss basic functions of Planning, Accounting, Finance and Tax and feel free to include them in this process, but I would like to keep the group to Director level or above.    Please let Kathy know who they are.    I would like to know if you are available or have a preference for morning or afternoon.
Thanks 
Rod Hayslett
EB4054
713-853-6178
Thanks
Hole is unlikely, but is a real weak point in any sales discussion.
Please forward to kevin howard.
As per your request please see the attached document.
Thanks,
Gary Allen
Safety System & Reporting Advisor
713-646-7488
gallen@
Ralph, please get with Rod and provide what ever he needs in the way of Safety Stats.
Where can I get info on safety statistics for the pipes?
finalizing due diligence. do you have the ingaa/aga report you referenced in
our meetings?
Call Luitgard Fischer
Cancel me out of lunch and any other meetings tomorrow.
Rod Hayslett
EB4054
713-853-6178
Agree
Rod / Paul:
I would suggest that we mention that the financing would be secured by the assets of the company but that the final terms and conditions have not yet been determined.  I would rather not say anymore just yet.
NNG ( Kent Miller and Dave Neubauer ) is in the process of entering into a Fixed Price Swap with Transcanada Energy Financial Products Limited for 7BCF for the months of June 02 to October 02 and 14BCF for June 03 to October 03. We presently have a guaranty from Transcanada Pipelines in support of TEFP, however it will have to be increased to cover the transaction.  TCPL posed a question about NNG in regard to the 1B of financing. They want to know if the financing encumbers the assets of the pipes and what amount of the financing is attributed to NNG and TW. I did not reply. Please advise as to how I should respond.
Thanks and 
FYI
As per your request please see the attached document.
Thanks,
Gary Allen
Safety System & Reporting Advisor
713-646-7488
gallen@
Ralph, please get with Rod and provide what ever he needs in the way of Safety Stats.
Where can I get info on safety statistics for the pipes?
finalizing due diligence. do you have the ingaa/aga report you referenced in
our meetings?
Can you give me a quick definition of the frequency rates (formula please)?
As per your request please see the attached document.
Thanks,
Gary Allen
Safety System & Reporting Advisor
713-646-7488
gallen@
Ralph, please get with Rod and provide what ever he needs in the way of Safety Stats.
Where can I get info on safety statistics for the pipes?
finalizing due diligence. do you have the ingaa/aga report you referenced in
our meetings?
Thanks.
Frequency or incident rates are calculated as follows:
Lost Time = no. of incidents x 200,000/total no. man hours worked
Recordable= same as above.  There are individual recordable cases and ALL lost time incidents are counted as "one" lost time and "one" recordable.  In other words every LT adds one to LT and one to Recordables.
Vehicle Frequency= no. of accidents x 1,000,000/total miles driven.
More explanation at 
Thanks
Gary Allen
Can you give me a quick definition of the frequency rates (formula please)?
As per your request please see the attached document.
Thanks,
Gary Allen
Safety System & Reporting Advisor
713-646-7488
gallen@
Ralph, please get with Rod and provide what ever he needs in the way of Safety Stats.
Where can I get info on safety statistics for the pipes?
finalizing due diligence. do you have the ingaa/aga report you referenced in
our meetings?
I'm here
That would work well if I was trying to do projects, but I am trying to be able to utilize the curves in the business to measure VaR.    We now use them for NNG & TW in the Caminus System, and want to do so for our other pipes as well.
Rod -    If you can't get access to the curves, possibly RAC could run the models and provide output to you. We'll need to review non-budget capital projects anyway.
Dave - any other thoughts ?
Sally: 
Where do I go inside Enron to get straight what it is that I need to do in order to be able to use the curves I am told that we need to be using?	
Rod Hayslett
EB4054
713-853-6178
Rod,
Can you give me some help here on the pricing confindentiality agreement?
vince
713.853.6701
I have twice emailed Sally Beck, the signatory on the last agreements signed by ENA, with NNG and TW, to see if she could give me a lead on whom to contact.  I also left her a voice mail.  She has not responded.   We cannot proceed with the Northern Border implementation without a confidentiality agreement between ENA and NBP 
Caminus is still looking to set up a meeting for gathering requirements for both NBP and possibly the Risk Analytics package.
Any progress on this?
Sally,
Thanks
Vince Strohmeyer
713.853.6701
I agree.   Let's go. 
Rod, 
I can keep Rutherford assisting me with process reviews probably indefinitely...but, they are expensive, and frankly, over the last 3 to 4 weeks, because of the ENE stock crisis, and related pipeline debt support activities, we've lost process improvement project momentum. I believe I can restart a continuous improvement effort relatively quickly thru a internal "steering committee" after things settle down a bit.
As a result, I would recommend we go ahead and have Rutherford timely close out their projects. 
I have drafted a notification below 
Comments??
To 
J. Mark Kearns
Rutherford Consulting, Inc.
8609 Northwest Plaza Drive, Suite 410
Dallas, Texas 75225
Mr Kearns,
Pursuant to our agreement, please accept this as 30 day notification of Enron Transportation Services (ETS) decision to end its relationship with Rutherford Consulting, Inc.
In that regard we request that all projects, currently underway, except the "E&C Value Assessment"  be discontinued. We request
that remaining Rutherford efforts focus on quick completion of the "E&C Value Assessment".
Please note we have been very satisfied with the assistance the Rutherford team has provided in reviewing and assessing ETS (particularly ETS Accounting) operating processes.
Sincerely,
Rod Haylsett
Who will sign theses?
Rex - thanks for the quick response...please note the revised letters below. 
Previous email had a clerical error.
Contents the same, I just had a misspelling!  Sorry
(See attached file: Special Committee Letter.doc)(See attached file: V&E
Legal Letter.doc)(See attached file: Wilmer, Cutler & Pickering Legal
Letter.doc)
*******************    I agree with Jim.  FERC has not issued an order yet.
I am just now leaving the office, I hope.
Rod Hayslett
EB4054
713-853-6178
To the best of my knowledge, there are no market studies or other documents that have been prepared that appear to meet the requirements of 4c
Drew: Can you think of anything we may have done while you were in Omaha that might fit this request? 
Attached is a Memorandum put together by Robert Eickenroht requesting Item 4(c) documents in connection with Project Notre Dame. This information is required for our HSR filing.  The request includes all documents prepared internally and by outside advisors.  I will follow up with JPMorgan and SSB, but I will need your help on the internal piece.
Please forward this request as you see necessary and forward the 4(c) documents to me or to Robert directly.
The HSR filing is Tuesday so we need your information quickly.
Thank you for your help.
Suzanne Vann
713-857-6235 (c)
I think there is still the possibility that, just like has happened to El Paso, that Enforcement could still open the case since FERC is still out trying to find a way to get us.   It is true that the ALJ did not help them out, but that decision is not binding upon the commission.    Neither Stan, Drew or I are comfortable yet that we have the win.  We are pleased with the ALJ decision, but know that the ALJ did not get to the answer the Commission intended.
i think mgmt will rep that it is still operating under a show cause order, and the ultimate outcome has yet to be determined
Unlike your regulatory liabilities in the past - "subject to refund" - in
which there is an order from the FERC stating you can increase rates but
you need to reserve for them because they are subject to refund until the
final order comes out, this is a GAAP contingency and must meet the
definition of "probable" liability.  Does mangement really believe that it
is probable they will not be able to recover the $10 million?  Especially
given the 10/24/01 initial decision, do you really believe it is not
recoverable given the fact you've publicly stated that you are entitled to
it, the paying parties have stated you are entitled to it and now the ALJ
has stated that you are entitled to it?
Will management represent to us that it is probable TW will not be able to
recover in the general rep?
I'm not sure this qualifies as a subsequent event because it isn't
conclusive enough to trigger a reserve reversal. I think we should disclose
it in the interests of full disclosure, but certainly doesn't require a
change in financials.
I very much agree with the below and the reason for establishing the
reserve, however, given the positive order from the ALJ is this a type
I or
type II subsequent event (one requires adjustment to the financial
statements and one that does not).  I realize the FERC still needs to
approve, however I think that the "heat" as described below has cooled
down
and a recommendation from the ALJ to the FERC would be viewed as a
positive
thing causing the need to reverse the reserve.  (see below literature
from
SAS 12).
.02 Two types of subsequent events require consideration by management
and
evaluation by the independent auditor.
.03 The first type consists of those events that provide additional
evidence with respect to conditions that existed at the date of the
balance
sheet and affect the estimates inherent in the process of preparing
financial statements. All information that becomes available prior to
the
issuance of the financial statements should be used by management in
its
evaluation of the conditions on which the estimates were based. The
financial statements should be adjusted for any changes in estimates
resulting from the use of such evidence.
.04 Identifying events that require adjustment of the financial
statements
under the criteria stated above calls for the exercise of judgment and
knowledge of the facts and circumstances. For example, a loss on an
uncollectible trade account receivable as a result of a customer's
deteriorating financial condition leading to bankruptcy subsequent to
the
balance-sheet date would be indicative of conditions existing at the
balance-sheet date, thereby calling for adjustment of the financial
statements before their issuance. On the other hand, a similar loss
resulting from a customer's major casualty such as a fire or flood
subsequent to the balance-sheet date would not be indicative of
conditions
existing at the balance-sheet date and adjustment of the financial
statements would not be appropriate. The settlement of litigation for
an
amount different from the liability recorded in the accounts would
require
adjustment of the financial statements if the events, such as personal
injury or patent infringement, that gave rise to the litigation had
taken
place prior to the balance-sheet date.
.05 The second type consists of those events that provide evidence
with
respect to conditions that did not exist at the date of the balance
sheet
being reported on but arose subsequent to that date. These events
should
not result in adjustment of the financial statements.(superscript: 1)
Some
of these events, however, may be of such a nature that disclosure of
them
is required to keep the financial statements from being misleading.
Occasionally such an event may be so significant that disclosure can
best
be made by supplementing the historical financial statements with pro
forma
financial data giving effect to the event as if it had occurred on the
date
of the balance sheet. It may be desirable to present pro forma
statements,
usually a balance sheet only, in columnar form on the face of the
historical statements.
(superscript: 1.)This paragraph is not intended to preclude
giving
effect in the balance sheet, with appropriate disclosure, to
stock
dividends or stock splits or reverse splits consummated after the
balance-sheet date but before issuance of the financial
statements.
.06 Examples of events of the second type that require disclosure to
the
financial statements (but should not result in adjustment) are:
a.      Sale of a bond or capital stock issue.
b.      Purchase of a business.
c.      Settlement of litigation when the event giving rise to the
claim
took place subsequent to the balance-sheet date.
d.      Loss of plant or inventories as a result of fire or flood.
e.      Losses on receivables resulting from conditions (such as a
customer's major casualty) arising subsequent to the
balance-sheet
date.
.07 Subsequent events affecting the realization of assets such as
receivables and inventories or the settlement of estimated liabilities
ordinarily will require adjustment of the financial statements (see
paragraph .03 (Document link: P/AU560.03/AUPROSTD)) because such
events
typically represent the culmination of conditions that existed over a
relatively long period of time. Subsequent events such as changes in
the
quoted market prices of securities ordinarily should not result in
adjustment of the financial statements (see paragraph .05 (Document
link:
P/AU560.05/AUPROSTD)) because such changes typically reflect a
concurrent
evaluation of new conditions.
Comments?
At the time the reserve (early '01) was eatablished, the CA situation
was much much much more contentious, and likely recovery of amounts
negotiated was -at that time- in jeopardy. Over the course of the year
via much time and effort (legal, regulatory, commercial), and to a
certain degree -stablization of the CA market, customers, and the FERC
ALJ have seen their way clear to a reasonable position.
I got Greg Porter's message too, however this doesn't tell me why the
reserve was initially established in the first quarter - i.e. a
probable
liability.  In fact, this document seems more to weigh against your
need
to
establish a liability.  Did I miss something?
Click on this hyperlink to open a copy of the document from the FERC
web
site:
*******************              *******************         *******************    Has Cheryl seen the stuff?    Need to get her and Jerry on board as well.
You. That's the reason for the changes (other than the capital which changed this week.).  The risk analysis type stuff has all been sent to Brad Larsen 
Who has reviewed these internally at Enron?
The attached includes the standard economic analsyses for Phase VI. 
The pertinent worksheets are: Capital, Economics on Total Capital, and Detailed Leveraged Books Grossed Up.  The last item includes the working capital impact.  For consistency with prior analyses, the total capital economics do not 
One other twist:  Rather than use the equity AFUDC as non- cash, I recalculated the "AFUDC" using real life short term interest to come up with a more realistic estimate of the total cash requirements.
FYI, there are a couple of other worksheets in the workbook.  Among them is one for the the leveraged books on a non-grossed up basis.  I did this primarily to make sure that there were no busts, since the results must come out the same whether or not you gross up.
Just catch Cheryl up then on the changes.
The original send-out went to everyone.  Long ago and far away, since engineering took so long to do the Level B's.  We reviewed briefly at one of the Commercial meetings when you were absent.  I made changes to the CB assumptions as a result of suggestions by Cheryl.  I made changes to the straight-up and also the CB model as result of suggestions by you regarding doing the books more precisely  
The results of this were rerouted. Also long ago.
Finally, late week before last, received the Bs  
Hence the latest revision.
Has Cheryl seen the stuff?    Need to get her and Jerry on board as well.
You. That's the reason for the changes (other than the capital which changed this week.).  The risk analysis type stuff has all been sent to Brad Larsen 
Who has reviewed these internally at Enron?
The attached includes the standard economic analsyses for Phase VI. 
The pertinent worksheets are: Capital, Economics on Total Capital, and Detailed Leveraged Books Grossed Up.  The last item includes the working capital impact.  For consistency with prior analyses, the total capital economics do not 
One other twist:  Rather than use the equity AFUDC as non- cash, I recalculated the "AFUDC" using real life short term interest to come up with a more realistic estimate of the total cash requirements.
FYI, there are a couple of other worksheets in the workbook.  Among them is one for the the leveraged books on a non-grossed up basis.  I did this primarily to make sure that there were no busts, since the results must come out the same whether or not you gross up.
That works for me.   I will attempt to answer some of Heather's questions as well.
Bob - I believe we need to classify the notes w ENE on TW and NNG as long term (Other).
Jim -
I'm afraid I have another "to do" for you.  Given the potential for all of
the overhang issues and given the significance of the receivables from the
parent, we developed some pro-forma balance sheets for NNG and TW, which
are attached.  These assume:
The note receivable from parent company continues to be classified as
current (represents net of all prior cash flows between NNG/TW and
parent)
The only borrowings under the revolvers relate to draw downs to repay
the Citibank bank debt assumed by NNG and TW
We have highlighted in red the critical numbers. Given the overhang issues
at Enron Corp. I have the following questions:
Should the note receivable from parent be classified as current? (i.e.
would Enron truly be able to pay this amount to NNG/TW if needed)
How will the debt be repaid in one year if Enron Corp.'s note receivable
is not available to the pipelines?  Would you be able to draw down
additional debt?
Basically, what is the plan?
Is the only debt expected to be drawn on these revolvers the assumed
debt?  How much more in addition, if any?
Here is the basic plan, if something were to happen so that Enron was unable to pay NNG /TW back in time, then the notes with the bank would be transformed into term deals (length to be determined later).     The banks are comfortable that the ability to repay the notes exists in the pipes from the existing and projected cash flows of the entities.     There is no question that we should be able to borrow more against the pipes, with market multiples at 9X EBITDA and lenders willing to lend against it, there never has been a problem in that regard.   The securitizations of course will prevent the same kind of deals being done, but they are really to protect the banks from an Enron credit event (preference issues).
(See attached file: NNG FS pro forma.xls)(See attached file: TW FS pro
forma.xls)
I have to believe that the banks did this before agreeing to extend so much
credit - you might want to check around and see who provided this to the
banks rather than re-creating the wheel (Kevin Howard maybe).
Heather
*******************    Reclass both please
Thanks.
I already sent our responses to Rick and Bob this morning as well as to Stan.  Attached is a copy for you.
What do you think?
Further to our conversation Friday night...??was that Friday?   anyway we
have the following needs.
An L/C to Henry petroleum for $1.4  mil.  This app is at Enron and was
originally sent  to Chase for issuance..now Chase says no.  ( this one is
getting touchy)
New apps being forwarded this morning that need issuing.
Ultramar Diamond Shamrock $15.0 mil
Astra Energy Canada $3.3 mil
Koch Canada  $800,000
Pending:
Choctaw II Oil and Gas :   $1,0 mill.....we are waiting for the verdict on
this one..but don't hold much hope for getting out of it.   Should know
this morning.
ALSO;;;;;;;NEED TO HAVE COST NUMBERS ON THESE L/C'S   SOME OF THE CUSTOMERS
ARE OFFERRING TO PAY FOR THEM BUT WANT A NUMBER
Yes
You might say that we are lending the Money to Enron and therefore are now looking further than nng and tw
Just send the package to kevin, we just need backup, not pesentations
Unless you can think of a reason why not it makes it simpler, I think.
Where are you?
Can you help?
Rod  UDS has now asked for closer to $19.0 mil ( the trades are there to justify it)  andyway I understand that  the SCB agreement for cash is for $20,000,000....that means we are way over already 
I think that is the right answer
I am in agreement with Tod on #1.    It's your call, but you should make the call on whether or not we will integrate it into Enron.   If we do, then we will get Adam the help he needs, but it will be more efficient than providing stand alone support.
Stan,
Knowing that your schedule is tight, I wanted to drop you a not on two items;
1) I have had a couple discussions with Rod on the finance/accounting organization for Wind.  I understand that Adam is pushing for a new full-time CFO including a CFO for Europe.  Being open, Adam and I have different views on the direction of the organization.  My view is that many functions should be supported by the Enron infrastructure (including treasury, cash-management, insurance, IT, etc.).  Adam would prefer to stay autonomous and is attempting to direct initiatives to that end.  I continue to push the organization in the course that I believe makes most sense.  While we are both professionals, this situation does create a conflict.  In my opinion, the most serious issues in this business are not financial, they are operational and commercial.  I'll continue to work with Rod, but would be glad to discuss with you in further detail.
2) I understand that Steve Hotte is transferring to Wholesale and you are looking at several candidates.  I would like to offer you input on two candidates that I have had considerable experience with.  Both are worthy of serious consideration, and both capable of meeting your needs.
Everett Plante - I recruited Everett into Enron from a fairly high position at Compaq.  Initially he was in Enron International.  After the dissolution of EI he rolled into corporate for a short time, subsequently, I helped get him moved into EBS.  He was thought of very highly.  He has great organization skill and a practical view on technology.  He has been through several organizations since coming to Enron and he has adeptly dealt with change.
Andrew Parsons - Andrew has worked for me on Y2K and in his current role in IT Compliance.  Andrew has great interpersonal and teamwork skills.  He is very focused and goal oriented.  Andrew is currently a Sr. Director, but will be up for VP at yearend.  While not as experienced as Everett, Andrew has a lot of potential.  I know that Causey also thinks highly of Andrew.
Tod
PS -  I am always open to buying lunch.
I will not make the cio mtg at 1
I am un available for the 1 pm meeting.    I like Nick and Everett
Please send to gary smith
I am un available for the 1 pm meeting.    I like Nick and Everett
Bring whole thing if this is the notee agreement with ENE
I am in 50M if you need me.
Still tied up
When do we review with el paso?
Fyi
Adam / Stan,
I had a follow-up meeting with Gary Fitch regarding Enron Wind's aviation.  Gray indicated the following:
*	Aviation budget number look comparable to operator standards (approx. $1,900 / hour, 600 hour estimate)
*	The plane has a market value of $1.8 - $2.0 million and a book value of $2.2 million
*	Turbo prop charters for trips to Tehachapi would run in excess of $1,100 / hour and may be limited as there are only two qualified operators
*	The Cessna is the only jet suitable for use to Tehachapi based on runway length and altitude
*	Gary will make a site visit before the end of the year
Assuming that of the budgeted 600 hours of operation, only 400 hours would require charter, the cost of charter would approach $0.5 million of the total budget of $1.2 million.  This plus the flexibility of using the plan on longer hauls (e.g., to Houston) make it economically justified.
My recommendation is that based on the current situation, we retain the aircraft.
Tod
Need before board meeting
No
What is/was this meeting about? 
I have also sent your assistants this e-mail.  We are going to try to reschedule the meeting for next week (10/29-11/2).
Sorry for the late cancellation notice.
PLEASE NOTE THAT THE:
EAS STRUCTURE MEETING SCHEDULED FOR TODAY, 10/23 FROM 3-4PM HAS BEEN CANCELLED.
ALSO, PLEASE SEND ME ALL OF THE YOUR AVAILABILITIES FOR NEXT WEEK (10/29-11/2) ASAP SO WE CAN RESCHEDULE.  THANKS FOR YOUR PROMPT ATTENTION.
Ladies,
We have Success!
The above meeting has been scheduled for Tuesday, October 23 from 3pm-4pm in EB4052.
Attendees:	Wes Colwell
Rod Hayslett
Bob Butts
Jeff Sommers
Kent Castleman
Wade Stubblefield
Brent Price
Beth Apollo
Andrew Parsons
Bob Sparger (Traveling)
All three.
Can you guys take care of this part?
I did receive the voice mail from Rod stating "he personally assures us this obligation will come off at 12/31/01 and why it has to expire at January 31, 2002 
Mary and I talked to Glisan and thought a side letter stating that fact as well as saying "Enron could demand payment at 12/31/01 if this obligation is not closed out" is necessary to correctly document this transaction.  I have left a voice mail this morning for Rod asking if you guys already have some documentation that would suffice for this matter.
Any help you can give is greatly appreciated.  This is going to come up many more times before the end of the year gets here.  Jessie Mata already has three more EOTT LC's on her desk to be processed once we get more capacity.
Thanks,
JR
please reference my voice mail from Rod Hayslett.
Barry suggested I try to reach you with this question.  Can we issue a $1.4MM LC for EOTT for a crude shipment that expires after 12/31/01?  They say they need a 01/31/02 expiration date.  I can be reached at x57283.
Thanks,
JR
Do you want me to attend the meeting at 11:00 in 32C2?
Rod Hayslett
EB4054
713-853-6178
On the other deal, they are back to total capital expenditures and not just expansion dollars.  I will need you to resurrect your language on the gas for Mitch tomorrow.
There is no fair value.
Tracy / Rod:
How much is TPC's current Fair Value balance?  The banks want to exclude "goodwill" from the tangible net worth computation - I realize goodwill and fair value are slightly different but they could make the argument to exclude.  I seem to recall a $300MM number.
There is fair value, and you can figure it out by comparing the Form 2 with the GAAP financials.
To confirm, in tpc's financials, tangible net worth does not reflect any increase for fair value. I seemed to recall that the 1B in equity included such amount.
In the "for what its worth category", I'm not certain the functional accountability is playing itself out as intended...or maybe it is 
Points of interest on this small project
This project is in Phase VI economics (yet to be formally reviewed and approved)    Probably belongs in the economics.	
It will NOT be in the Phase VI filing     That's to keep it out of the headlights.
$3.5mm was approved by the Board, (but it alledgedly needs $4mm)   We will have to approve the increase.    Commercial will have to take care of getting in on the agenda and a resolution prepared.
Its being functionalized as a "commercial" project    I think it is, since it is to support a new FTS-2 commercial transportation contract
Its going to be managed by "operations"    Not sure what this means 
It will probably actually be built by "construction and engineering"    I am assuming this is a non-profit transaction and is actually being done without a contract, otherwise the contract will require separate Board Approval.
We are going to give this a "M" Capital Budget Code since the cost for the Loop was included in the Phase 6 economics.  I will also count the budget dollars and capital spending in the Commercial budget for 2002 Plan and as we go forward in 2002 and forecast dollars.  So Operations should not count it.  This is how we did the 24" ML Replacement which was part of P5.  Operations will management the project but Commercial will count the dollars.
See comment below.
Fair Value is applied to plant and is being amortized over a useful life.
TW Fair Value is very similar to Goodwill in that it represents an excess over historical book value, and is not formally being recoverd in rates; BUT at the time of the  acquistion it was treated as a purchase price allocation an applied to plant. Goodwill is meant to be a "leftover" after all costs have been allocated.
Banks want to exclude goodwill. How would you explain the difference between the two?
I will attend.
Given recent events surrounding Enron, it has been decided that we will have a Bank Conference in order to answer questions concerning our institution.  You, along with our banks, have been invited to attend this event. Please  RSVP with Mary Border by filling out the attached registration form.  This is an invitation only event so please do not forward this email.  We look forward to your attendance 
When:		Friday, November 9
Where: 	            Hyatt Regency Downtown Ballroom 
Time:		8:00 AM-1:00 PM (lunch will be provided)
Attire:		Corporate Casual
RSVP:		Return to Mary Border via email or fax to 713 646 3422
Jimmy Simien
Enron Global Finance
713-345-7752
That was the discussion late last night
kent, et al, 
quick feedback from rod:
1. gas purchase - need to get approved thru stan    $'s required make it a Stan approval.    We will need a DASH to get his signature on.
2. hedge of gas purchase - no issues; need to quickly develop hedge documentation 3. hedge of sba "spread" - we need to regroup to better clarify how the commodity component of the sba can be identified within the
sba contract, for hedge purposes
Robert Guthrie
Can you help me out here?     I don't know what the purpose of the language is but I think from a purist point of view that it is accurate.
John O'Shea  
Define Working Capital  as cash plus accounts receivable plus investories
plus material and supplies plus exchange gas receivable plus prepayments
less accounts payable less exchange gas payable.
Joshua.Davidson@bake  
We do, but this can be very company specific on exactly how people define
it.
Yes.  I assume that you have boiler plate language that we can start from.
Joshua.Davidson@bake
11/06/01 11:41 AM           Subject:     RE:
You capitalized Working Capital.  Will you want to define it in this
agreement?
(See attached file: Option Agreement.DOC)
FYI
Attached are the 2nd draft of the NNG 3rd Qtr 2001 Notes to the Financial Statements
Drew is correct, but we can tell them where we want the money wired.
Mary Perkins of the Treasurer's office needs to know which account the money comes into if Notre Dame closes.  The way I read the new structure chart, looks to me like Rockne, Inc. buys preferred from Northern, so the $1.5 b should be paid to NNG.  Pls confirm and I'll let her know.  dF
If you want us to pursue getting this cash directly to ENE we will be happy to try.
None that I am aware.
Any updates or new docs?
we will get it handled.     CAn you send out the notice that the dates are changing and we will have to reschedule before you leave?
Rod,
I had just talked with Jeff prior to sending out my email asking for volunteers.  Now we're changing the dates.  I will be out of the office Thurs and Fri so someone will have to communicate with the UH recruiting team 
Tracey
Tracey,
I have contacted U of H CSC and have moved back the interview dates as we will not have enough time to review the reumes and select those we wish to interview for the 12th and 13th interview dates.  I will contact you tomorrow with more details. 
I am up with STAN if you need me.
You're right.
I thought this one was canceled. So I declined to get it off my calendar.
Why not?
If it keeps going the way it is now there is a possibility.
border is contemplating a buyout of ene 
(joke...sorry, if this was not funny)
Is there anything here that I need to be concerned about?
Please respond to Greg Schlender with any comments.
Dortha, attached are drafts of our 10Q's.  Please distribute in Houston.  I'm asking for comments back by Thursday, November 8.  We plan to file the 10Q on Monday or Tuesday of next week.  Let me know if you have any questions.
Greg
Too bad I can't be there.    I have a staff meeting to run.
This meeting has been moved to Friday, October 26 from 9:00-11:00 in EB 42C2, Omaha Room 696.
Thanks
Tracy
Please plan to attend a run through with Danny of your 2002 Plan Presentations for the Lay Reviews on Thursday, October 25 from 9:00-11:00 in 42C2.  For Omaha room 696.
Thanks
Tracy
All spending that can be delayed needs to be delayed.	I want to make it clear that items for health, safety, security and reliability that need to be spent will be spent, if necessary, but all other spending needs to be slowed down as much as possible and delayed until further notice.   This is a directive I have just received from Stan.
Rod Hayslett
EB4054
713-853-6178
I am hearing all sorts of noise and need confirmation and guidance.  Phil Lowry just have Nick Rahn $2.7 mil to do various upgrades in the field, from server upgrades to phone switch upgrades as well as purchase the new software/hardware for the PHD rewrite. All are necessary upgrades if not done this year will have to be done next year.  Not one of these upgrades projects is over $900k but together it totals $2.7.  We also are continuing to do upgrades in the Houston offices - all budgeted items and if not upgraded this year will have to be done next year.  Do I say STOP - and if so for all companies or just for NNG and TW?   cvb
What was the original question?
John, I think that's adequate.  If a great deal comes up that exceeds that limit we simply have to convince them to grant a waiver, right? Rod, would you confirm please?  Thanks.  DF
This message was sent earlier today to the finance/accounting/operational support people in the group to make them aware that we are in need of slowing down the cash outflow.  Your assistance in this regard is important to the success of preserving capital at this critical time 
All spending that can be delayed needs to be delayed.	I want to make it clear that items for health, safety, security and reliability that need to be spent will be spent, if necessary, but all other spending needs to be slowed down as much as possible and delayed until further notice.   This is a directive I have just received from Stan.
Rod Hayslett
EB4054
713-853-6178
OK
Sorry--John's email didn't forward.  Notre Dame includes a $50 mm per deal limit for allowed asset sales-- is that enough (Beaver may be over but we can get a specific waiver if we need it).  Thanks.  Df
Got me to thinking, how are you guys doing?    Where are you in the cash management world?     I know you were tight before, is the situation any better?
This message was sent earlier today to the finance/accounting/operational support people in the group to make them aware that we are in need of slowing down the cash outflow.  Your assistance in this regard is important to the success of preserving capital at this critical time 
All spending that can be delayed needs to be delayed.	I want to make it clear that items for health, safety, security and reliability that need to be spent will be spent, if necessary, but all other spending needs to be slowed down as much as possible and delayed until further notice.   This is a directive I have just received from Stan.
Rod Hayslett
EB4054
713-853-6178
I nee to go to stans office apologize to steve dowd for me
On my way down
Please handle
Could you provide Rob, Bob and me with the aggregate litigation reserves for each business unit for which you are responsible?  Thanks 
THe enron situation has slowed down the process as we have not been able to get a clean OK from the SEC to go forward as yet 
Rod - the banks are asking what our plan is regarding the EOTT shares and the conversion.  I was wondering where you saw the process standing.  I've heard that there has been some trouble in the recap events and I didn't know if the conversion vote was tied to that or if we were planning on going ahead with it as soon as possible.  I believe the Koch deal on the subs expires at year end, but I'm not sure.  Also, Gay Mayeaux has been calling me on what's going on with Nikita and I directed her to you to discuss why ETS was selling its EOTT shares.  When you get a chance, will you let me know what the update is?  Thanks.
Jodi Marcussen Coulter
Enron Global Finance
713-345-6318
I will work with her and Dan to try and figure out a better solution in the short term.     Now that some space is available from the moves to the new building, it is possible that there is a better place to move to for a period of time.
Calm down.  The operative word is it has been put on hold.  These are not normal times.  No one saw this coming or we could have planned better.  Give us a few days to figure everything out.  We just made the decision today to preserve cash while we were waiting to see what was going to happen.  Thanks for your cooperation which I desperately need right now.
I was very disappointed to not have any advance warning about the announcement that construction on 41 has been put on hold for financial reasons.
The Gas Logistics team was "relocated" off the 41st floor on October 5.  Prior to the move, we had a very efficient, open configuration that let us work together as a unified team 
After the move, we are located on 3 different floors.   Besides the general impact on team unity, this move also means that our evening staff work alone on separate floors, rather than in a group.  It means fewer individuals to cover customer calls.  It means having more equipment to cover the day to day business.   I have worked hard to calm the team that this arrangement is just temporary and that we will eventually be put back together as a team.
Prior to our move I constantly questioned whether our move was necessary.  I asked about smaller, more practical changes to fit more people on the floor.  And, I specifically asked about whether Enron issues might impact the groups desire to continue to spend $7-$10 million -- even as I reluctantly packed up my boxes.
I hope you can appreciate that the current seating arrangement is a serious issue for my team and one that generates constant questions as my staff meetings.  Finding out  that we moved off of 41 for no reason at an all-employee floor meeting undermines my team's faith in my leadership.
Not before you scheduled the meeting.   Only as a result of it.
I heard its been canceled.
Too bad I can't be there.    I have a staff meeting to run.
This meeting has been moved to Friday, October 26 from 9:00-11:00 in EB 42C2, Omaha Room 696.
Thanks
Tracy
Please plan to attend a run through with Danny of your 2002 Plan Presentations for the Lay Reviews on Thursday, October 25 from 9:00-11:00 in 42C2.  For Omaha room 696.
Thanks
Tracy
CAll Stan when you get in probably closer to 7 our time.
Rod,
Should we all meet at 6 ish tomorrow to discuss our preferred course of communication? 
Dan
Comments below.
On Tuesday we will have an EOTT conference call with investors to discuss EOTT's third quarter earnings.  I am concerned about some questions that may be asked relating to Enron.  Here is my stab at answering certain questions.  Please review and let me have your comments as soon as you can.  I would like to distribute on Friday the complete conference call script and Q&A that will include these answers.  Thanks
1.  Why did Enron sell its stake in EOTT?
Enron decided in September of 2001 to monetize its ownership in EOTT (other than its 2% general partner ownership) which consisted of 3.3 million common units, 7 million subordinated units and $9.3 million additional partnership units. The monetization was recognized as a sale for book purposes and a financing for tax purposes.  Enron retained voting and dispositive power with respect to these interest.  Enron, being deemed a control person, filed the appropriate SEC documents with repect to this transaction.
2.   Does Enron still have an economic reason to care about the price of EOTT stock?
As the general partner, Enron has a fiduciary responsiblity to act in the best interest of the unitholders of the partnership.    [I like your answer for simplicity sake, however in the interest of full disclosure here's more:  the pricing of the transaction was based upon a floor price with a final price for the units to be established at the conversion date of the sub units and the apis.    So besides the fiduciary responsibility, there is the fact that the final pricing on the deal has not occurred yet.]
3.  What is Enron's ownership of EOTT?
From a voting and dispositive power standpoint, it is 39%.
4.  Is the general partnership for sale? 
You will need to ask Enron that question.
[Enron filed a 13D on September 6, 2001, stating the following:
"It is Enron's intention to review the disposition of and to possibly dispose of all or a portion of its direct and indirect interest in the partnerhip (including the common units and its interest in the general partner 
5.  What impact does Enron's current situation have on EOTT?
[Two areas need to be addressed here - the tolling agreement and EOTT's ability to obtain three party bank financing.  I have EOTT to address these two questions.]
_________________________
Gay Mayeux
Vice President, Investor Relations
Enron Corp.
1400 Smith Street, EB 4931a
Houston, Texas 77002
Phone:  713-853-9905
Cell:      713-416-8821
Fax:      713-646-3002
email:    gay.mayeux@
Sounds like they have a deal already 
fyi... will talk to you tomorrow about it.
Pam,
As you know, we negotiated a deal for EOGR to take over our recently vacated space at 3AC 17, 18, 19, 20 and 21. We also negotiated a deal for them to purchase only the Teknion workstations which were already in the spaces on Levels 17-20 (not 21 furniture). The total purchase price is $205,000. plus all taxes.
I've been informed that the former EI groups report up to ETS. Therefore, the Bill of Sale shall be signed by an officer in ETS (Rod Hayslett), not EPSC. The Bill of Sale has been prepared by our legal team and is ready for Rod Hayslett to sign. I would like to get the document to you for signature and over to EOGR for signature by Friday, 11/9/01.
Let me know if you need anything further.
Thanks,
Reggie
What do you think we should focus on for the crew?     Attached is a data sheet that I would like to keep up as things change.
Rod Hayslett
EB4054
713-853-6178
Was it an actual downgrade or just that they wouldn't agree not to do so?
Basically yes
Will get back to you.
FYI
Jay and I say $850-900mm, maybe $950 mm if we are in hard sell mode.
Mark and Jayshree
The $550 of debt that is in the calcualtion assumes we borrow the 550 next week.   Otherwise there is only 17 or so there.
Jay and I say $850-900mm, maybe $950 mm if we are in hard sell mode.
Mark and Jayshree
FYI
 THE "TWO-COW EXPLANATION" OF WHAT MAKES >
 A CHRISTIAN: