hey mom,
not much new here.  i made a pittance of what i have lost over the last two 
weeks back today.  what is going on on the home front 
-e
Hola.? How are you?? Make any money  today?? Have you registered to vote You can register online at  bus2000.com. Talk to you soon.? LU-M
we will make but won't be there till around 6:30  ish
Please respond to "K. Bass Let me  know if you can come.? Just email me.? I'm taking the kids out for  
while.? I will pick up more steaks so don't bring your own.? If  you can't 
come,
I'll freeze them, o.k.??  LU-M
what is your cell phone 
I have a new cell phone number.  It is 713-628-3104.
EPB
there have only been 2 (both by matt) is 1,14 for ploves 1,3,8-  then matt's 
1,3 (his original) for dave's 1
I want a recap now bitch!
i will recap at the draft
Can you recap all of the draft pick trades? We should be alerted of all 
trades just like during the regular season.
kiss my ass now bitch!
I want a recap now bitch!
i will recap at the draft
Can you recap all of the draft pick trades? We should be alerted of all 
trades just like during the regular season.
I can do the tv but I am busy all weekend so, if I can do it next week let me 
know.  I might be able to squeeze it in on Saturday b/c I will be out that 
way.
On another note, do you know of any hotels in the cotton bowl area in Dallas?
i will recap at the draft
Can you recap all of the draft pick trades? We should be alerted of all 
trades just like during the regular season.
you had this guy too?  i'm glad i had someone in tax representing me.  i had 
to explain to him what trading was.
Good Morning!
I wanted to let each of you know that I had no problem collecting sufficient 
performance data to present you to the Corporate PRC on Wednesday.  After the 
meeting I expect the results will be released to each of your PRC 
Supervisors.  You should expect them to complete your performance evaluation 
and schedule a meeting with you to discuss it.  If they do not, it is up to 
you to make the first move and ask to schedule the meeting.
Again, I enjoyed the opportunity to meet each of you and learn a bit of what 
you do.  I look forward learning even more.
.
Can you approve the bom+1 product for HSC-Hehub?
Thanks,
Eric
How about the 24th and 31st pick for the 13th?
I am trying to activate this HSC-Hehub product but keep getting an error that 
says "product is not tradeable".  Is it ready to go yet?  If not, when?
Thanks,
Eric
Check out the part about Simms weight. =20
Big 12: Applewhite eager to reclaim his job
By Mark Wangrin
Express-News Staff Writer
AUSTIN =01* It runs up and down the inside of Major Applewhite's left knee, a=20
four-inch shiny pink speed bump of a scar.=20
If it could talk, it would tell of how the anterior cruciate ligament buckled=20
as its owner planted while trying to avoid a relentless Arkansas pass rush at=20
the Cotton Bowl on Jan. 1.
It would tell of the reconstructive surgery by team orthopedist Dr. Carey=20
Windler, how the joint was whipped back into shape with hours of work and=20
carefully tended with ice bags and heat and extra stretching and anything=20
else Applewhite had read, heard or seen that would help keep his return on=20
pace.
If the joint could talk, it would tell people how everything's fine inside,=20
how Applewhite could drop back and plant, set up or scramble, in a real live=20
game today if one was scheduled.=20
If it could talk ... well, Applewhite might well be the happiest guy on the=20
planet.
Being a quarterback, team guy and newly inaugurated Student Government=20
representative, Applewhite tries to be diplomatic, but part of him wishes he=20
wouldn't have to answer a steady barrage of questions about his knee, no=20
matter how well-meaning the fans might be.
"I don't want to be rude," he said last week. "I just wish they'd stop=20
asking. I love them, appreciate them, but it's getting a little 
Got the picture.
OK. So here's the word: Applewhite is 100 percent =01* even ahead of schedule.
Ready to take on the challenge to his starting job from sophomore quarterback=20
Chris Simms, who with only one career start has graced the cover of The=20
Sporting News football preview and had an ESPN Magazine cover shoot last week
This word on Applewhite's fitness comes not just from the junior player, but=20
from the man who's worked most closely with him, physical therapist Allen=20
Hardin.
Applewhite, Hardin stresses unequivocally, is ready to play now.
Hardin said Applewhite has tested 5 to 10 percent above the expected range=20
when he's had periodic strength and flexibility tests on the injured leg.=20
During rehab, Hardin ditched the pool work, concentrating instead on=20
sport-specific movements, shortly after Applewhite observed that very few=20
football games are played under water.
One of the most effective of the workouts involved pulling on Applewhite with=20
rubber tubing as the quarterback moved, cut and set up, strengthening his=20
supporting muscles and improving his balance.
"If I came in and told him to do what he did yesterday, he wasn't happy,=20
because he wanted to be challenged," Hardin said. "It was a challenge to come=20
up with things to challenge him."
"The only difference I can tell about the knee is it takes longer to warm=20
up," Applewhite said. "I'll jog for four minutes instead of two, stretch for=20
six minutes instead of five."
After workouts, Applewhite dutifully ices his knee, though he does so based=20
more on conventional wisdom than necessity.
"I've always heard you can get tendinitis, so I ice it," he said. "I don't=20
have any of the symptoms, so it feels like I'm icing it for no reason."
In some ways, Applewhite feels he's better for the injury, not the least of=20
which being a renewed appreciation for the game.
"So what if I'm tired?" he said. "I can rest when I die."
Resting now isn't a bad thing, either. Applewhite said missing spring drills=20
was a boon for his arm.
"I was throwing so much during the spring (of 1999), summer and season that=20
it felt like my arm was run ragged," he said.
Of course, the knee questions will be answered the first time Applewhite=20
takes a hit in the fall. The other question, the one that he can't shake,=20
will take a little longer.
Who's the starter going to be =01* Applewhite or Simms?
"I'd be quick to drop in comments about Chris," Hardin said of his=20
occasional, and apparently unnecessary, mention of Simms as a motivational=20
ploy. "But I think internally, he'd have worked that hard whatever."
"It's remarkable the way he's come back," said sophomore cornerback Roderick=20
Babers, noting that Applewhite has been occasionally overthrowing even the=20
speediest receivers in workouts. "In two-a-days, it'll be a fair fight."
Asked to size up how Applewhite and Simms have looked in informal workouts,=20
Babers said, "I think (Simms) has the advantage. Major's been sitting out and=20
Simms' confidence is up, big-time. That's what you need in a quarterback. But=20
at the same time, Major's a veteran. He's beaten Nebraska. He's beaten them=20
all."
"He's the same old Major," cornerback Quentin Jammer said.
Soon Applewhite will probably be as tired of talking about the quarterback=20
duel as he is about answering questions about the state of his knee. Now, a=20
month before the freshmen report on Aug. 13, he's talking about how he's not=20
competing against Simms, just against himself.
"The competitive nature that Tiger Woods has is the competitive nature I=20
have," Applewhite said. "At Pebble Beach, Tiger was up 15 and had a 10-footer=20
on the last hole for birdie, and he was out there lining it up. He could have=20
done the 'Happy Gilmore' tap to the hole and still won. But he wanted it all."
Simms has bulked up from 208 to 223 pounds, working on his leg and upper body=20
strength.
"I feel like there's more to me now, that it's not like the wind's going to=20
blow me over," he said. "I don't want to be a wimpy quarterback. I want to be=20
like Brett Favre. He's not the biggest or the fastest, but he can run when he=20
has to and he can chuck it 80 (yards).
"It's going to come, and it'll get worse," Simms said of the building=20
scrutiny. "To tell you the truth, I don't care. Football's a competitive=20
sport. There's nothing you can do about it."
So he shrugs it off for now, concentrating on finishing up summer school.=20
He's working on his topic for a writing course, "History of American=20
Baseball." The book he chose is about Babe Ruth.
In August, the topic switches to college football. The question remains the=20
same. And Chris Simms, or Major Applewhite, won't write this story.
They'll live it.
you realize that who plove takes is irrelevant b/c your are going to take the 
best player available at either slot.  It is what you think you can make up 
with the additional picks.
besides, both of us are at equal risk to who plove picks
No go, not gonna do it... Need to wait until P. Love returns 
My 1,4,and 6 for your 1, 5,7
My 1,4,and 6 for your 1, 5,7
My 1,4,and 6 for your 1, 5,7
So, what you got?
Phillip M Love
07/14/2000 02:03 PM
Sorry man, I am swamped today.  Doing my book and Trey's and I have a 6 p.m. 
flight to Utah.  I will try and get back with you today.  The offer will 
definitely have to get sweeter to get the 2 pick overall.
PL
You cannot pickup players in the playoffs.  That defeats the whole purpose of 
the playoff system!
Patrick Ryder@
12/06/2000 03:20 PM
P-Love
Bledsoe 31
Matt Stover 26
Panthers D 6 
49ers D 3
Seahawks D 3
Am I going to be able to get these out on the website today?
Eric
Robert B Cass
07/14/2000 11:31 AM
Please map and test the following two (2) indices which are in TEST for Eric 
Bruce (trader 
INDEX:   Gas Daily - WAHA - HeHub
SORT CODE IN TEST:  1006
ABBREV:  Waha-HeHub PRODUCT TYPE: US Gas Fin Swap
DESCRIPTION:  The Index for a day shall be the difference between (i) the 
Daily Midpoint price published on such calendar day under the heading "Daily 
Price Survey" in the Permian Basin Area: Tex intras, Waha area section of Gas 
Daily, or if a calendar day is not a Business Day then the price used shall 
be the Daily Midpoint price published on the next succeeding Business Day, 
and (ii) the Daily Midpoint price published on such calendar day under the 
heading "Daily Price Survey" in the Louisiana--Onshore South - Henry Hub 
section of Gas Daily, or if a calendar day is not a Business Day then the 
price used shall be the Daily Midpoint price published on the next succeeding 
Business Day. 
INDEX:   Gas Daily - HSC - HeHub
SORT CODE IN TEST:  1001
ABBREV:    HSC-HeHub
PRODUCT TYPE: US Gas Fin Swap
DESCRIPTION:   The Index for a day shall be the difference between (i) the 
Daily Midpoint price published on such calendar day under the heading "Daily 
Price Survey" in the East -Houston - Katy, Houston Ship Channel section of 
Gas Daily, or if a calendar day is not a Business Day then the price used 
shall be the Daily Midpoint price published on the next succeeding Business 
Day, and (ii) the Daily Midpoint price published on such calendar day under 
the heading "Daily Price Survey" in the Louisiana--Onshore South - Henry Hub 
section of Gas Daily, or if a calendar day is not a Business Day then the 
price used shall be the Daily Midpoint price published on the next succeeding 
Business Day.
Thanks!  - R 
I offered you my 1 and 3 for your 1 and 4.  I can throw in my 5 for your 6.
Let me know.
Eric
I would like to trade for your 2nd pick in the draft.  I can offer you a 2nd 
round pick and a 9th round pick.  What do you think?
Eric
I will give you my 3rd and 9th round picks for your 2nd.
Let me know.
You're right. We cheated by trying to screw everyone who isn't fortunate 
enough to work at Enron 
Give it a rest.  The order was determined by an impartial 3rd party.
LQCOLOMBO@aol.com on 07/12/2000 05:11:28 PM
I"m not talking shit or anything, but i think its funny how the people you
said would be watching you got 4 of the top 5 picks.
Ramiro
1st, and 10th
2nd pick is available if you can package a good offer together.
Here it is.
1. Dave Baumbach
2. Matt Lenhart
3. Bryan Hull
4. Mick Walters
5. O'neal Winfree
6. Hector/Lenny/Brian
7. Eric Bass
8. Harry Bucalo
9. Jason Bass
10. Phillip Love
11. Ramiro
12. Gary Lamphier
it will probably be today sometime
I want to be there. Let me know when you pick.
By unanimous vote we will pre-determine the draft order.  So, if nobidy has 
any objections, I will pick the draft order here at work under the scrutinhy 
of several other players ( Dave B, O. Winfree, M. Lenhart, M. Walters).
Also, by majority vote, will have a required tight end posn.  Meaning the 
starting lineups will include 1QB, 2 RBs, 3 WRs, 1 TE, 1 K, 1 Def.
Please e-mail back if you are ok with me picking the draft order.
Eric
By unanimous vote we will pre-determine the draft order.  So, if nobidy has 
any objections, I will pick the draft order here at work under the scrutinhy 
of several other players ( Dave B, O. Winfree, M. Lenhart, M. Walters).
Also, by majority vote, will have a required tight end posn.  Meaning the 
starting lineups will include 1QB, 2 RBs, 3 WRs, 1 TE, 1 K, 1 Def.
Please e-mail back if you are ok with me picking the draft order.
Eric
Here is the analysis that I completed.  Let me know if you have questions.
Eric
Have you ever summarized the conversation you had with Jim Schweiger last 
week re: cost to blow-up Entex deal?  I believe Tom is back today, and I 
would anticipate his request for our analysis.  Please let me know - I am in 
meetings all day back-to-back.  Please call on my cell phone - 713-471-2995 Thanks.
Good to finally hear from.  Judging from your e-mail, it sounds like you had 
some fun in your exercises- I guess that English degree is finally paying off.
Luckily you missed out on another series of disappointments from the Longhorn 
football team.  It seems as though they are improving, however.  Hopefully we 
will be playing for the National Championship next year 
How are things otherwise?  When are you coming into town again?
Later-
Eric
Just in case you were interested.  Here is some of the correspondence that is 
going on.
Last year we played with a mandatory Tight End.  Do you want to continue this 
and thus start 1 QB, 2 RBs, 3WRs, 1 TE, 1 K, 1 Def?
Also,  I need to know if you would prefer to determine the draft order prior 
to the draft.  I would prefer to do this b/c it gives the opportunity to plan 
and trade your picks.
Let me know.
Eric
Last year we played with a mandatory Tight End.  Do you want to continue this 
and thus start 1 QB, 2 RBs, 3WRs, 1 TE, 1 K, 1 Def?
Also,  I need to know if you would prefer to determine the draft order prior 
to the draft.  I would prefer to do this b/c it gives the opportunity to plan 
and trade your picks.
Let me know.
Eric
Check out this link, and then read the story below.
g=/et/00/4/20/nmar20.html
WAKE UP AMER  A, THIS IS WHY OUR
FOUNDING FATHERS PUT THE SECOND
AMENDMENT IN OUR CONSTITUTION
Where We're Headed
By Robert A. Waters
You're sound asleep when you hear a thump outside your
bedroom door.
Half-awake, and nearly paralyzed with fear, you hear muffled
whispers. At least two people have broken into your house
and are moving your way.
With your heart pumping, you reach down beside your bed
and pick up your shotgun. You rack a shell into the
chamber, then inch toward the door and open it.
In the darkness, you make out two shadows. One holds a
weapon--it looks like a crowbar.
When the intruder brandishes it as if to strike, you raise the
shotgun and fire. The blast knocks both thugs to the floor.
One writhes and screams while the second man crawls to
the front door and lurches outside.
As you pick up the telephone to call police, you know you're
in trouble. In your country, most guns were outlawed years
before, and the few that are privately owned are so stringently
regulated as to make them useless.
Yours was never registered.
Police arrive and inform you that the second burglar has died.
They arrest you for First Degree Murder and Illegal
Possession of a Firearm.
When you talk to your attorney, he tells you not to worry:
authorities will probably plea the case down to manslaughter.
"What kind of sentence will I get?" you ask.
"Only ten-to-twelve years," he replies, as if that's nothing.
"Behave yourself, and you'll be out in seven."
The next day, the shooting is the lead story in the local
newspaper. Somehow, you're portrayed as an eccentric
vigilante while the two men you shot are represented as choir
boys. Their friends and relatives can't find an unkind word to say
about them. Buried deep down in the article, authorities
acknowledge that both "victims" have been arrested numerous
times. But the next day's headline says it all:
"Lovable Rogue Son Didn't Deserve to Die." The thieves have
been transformed from career criminals into Robin Hood-type
pranksters.
As the days wear on, the story takes wings. The national media
picks it up, then the international media.
The surviving burglar has become a folk hero. Your attorney
says the thief is preparing to sue you, and he'll probably win.
The media publishes reports that your home has been
burglarized several times in the past and that you've been
critical of local police for their lack of effort in apprehending the
suspects. After the last break-in, you told your neighbor that you
would be prepared next time. The District Attorney uses this to
allege that you were lying in wait for the burglars.
A few months later, you go to trial. The charges haven't been
reduced, as your lawyer had so confidently predicted. When
you take the stand, your anger at the injustice of it all works
against you. Prosecutors paint a picture of you as a mean,
vengeful man.
It doesn't take long for the jury to convict you of all charges.
The judge sentences you to life in prison.
__________________________________________
This case really happened.
On August 22, 1999, Tony Martin of Emneth, Norfolk, England,
killed one burglar and wounded a second. In April, 2000, he was
convicted and is now serving a life term.
How did it become a crime to defend one's own life in the
once-great British Empire?
It started with the Pistols Act of 1903. This seemingly
reasonable law forbade selling pistols to minors or felons and
established that handgun sales were to be made only to those
who had a license. The Firearms Act of 1920 expanded licensing
to include not only handguns but all firearms except shotguns.
Later laws passed in 1953 and 1967 outlawed the carrying of
any weapon by private citizens and mandated the registration of
all shotguns.
Momentum for total handgun confiscation began in earnest after
the Hungerford mass shooting in 1987. Michael Ryan, a
mentally disturbed man with a Kalashnikov rifle, walked down
the streets shooting everyone he saw. When the smoke cleared,
17 people were dead.
The British public, already de-sensitized by eighty years of "gun
control", demanded even tougher restrictions. (The seizure of all
privately owned handguns was the objective even though Ryan
used a rifle.)
Nine years later, at Dunblane, Scotland, Thomas Hamilton used
a semi-automatic weapon to murder 16 children and a teacher at
a public school.
For many years, the media had portrayed all gun owners as
mentally unstable, or worse, criminals. Now the press had a real
kook with which to beat up law-abiding gun owners. Day after day,
week after week, the media gave up all pretense of objectivity and
demanded a total ban on all handguns.
The Dunblane Inquiry, a few months later, sealed the fate of the
few sidearms still owned by private citizens.
During the years in which the British government incrementally
took away most gun rights, the notion that a citizen had the right
to armed self-defense came to be seen as vigilantism. Authorities
refused to grant gun licenses to people who were threatened,
claiming that self-defense was no longer considered a reason to
own a gun. Citizens who shot burglars or robbers or rapists were
charged while the real criminals were released. Indeed, after the
Martin shooting, a police spokesman was quoted as saying, "We
cannot have people take the law into their own hands."
All of Martin's neighbors had been robbed numerous times, and
several elderly people were severely injured in beatings by young
thugs who had no fear of the consequences. Martin himself, a
collector of antiques, had seen most of his collection trashed or
stolen by burglars.
When the Dunblane Inquiry ended, citizens who owned handguns
were given three months to turn them over to local authorities.
Being good British subjects, most people obeyed the law. The few
who didn't were visited by police and threatened with ten-year
prison sentences if they didn't comply.
Police later bragged that they'd taken nearly 200,000 handguns
from private citizens.
How did the authorities know who had handguns?
The guns had been registered and licensed. Kinda like cars.
Sound familiar?
WAKE UP AMERICA, THIS IS WHY OUR
FOUNDING FATHERS PUT THE SECOND
AMENDMENT IN OUR CONSTITUTION.
- att1.htm
Michael,
Wednesday afternoon after 3:00 would be good for me.  Let me know if this 
works for you.
Eric
Eric,
Let me introduce myself.  I am currently Director of Tax for the Enron India 
business unit and have been with Enron in various Tax functions for 
approximately 5 years.  I have been asked to sit on the Enron Corp. 
Performance Review Committee as PRC Representative for a group of  18 
Analysts, including you.  Your 6/2000 performance results will be presented 
to the PRC on 19-July PRC, along with all other Analysts 
I want to make certain we both take full advantage of the PRC process.  To 
that end, I need you to bring me up-to-speed on your pre-Enron background and 
what you have accomplished while at Enron, in particular during the 6/2000 
review period, and what you intend to accomplish this year (your "goals With this information, I can be best prepared to speak of your achievments 
during the 19-July PRC presentation 
Here's what I need -
resume (most recent is fine,  even if out of date)
name of your "PRC Supervisor" ( i.e., the person who has gathered your 6/2000 
Feedback)
location and phone extension
your goals for the 2000 year (if these were not formalized, I would 
appreciate your doing so)
accomplishments this review period (especially toward achievement of your 
stated goals)
outside activities which support the community, especially those where your 
represent "Enron" (e.g., charitable endeavors)
other activities you are involved in which support "Enron" as a whole (e.g college recruiting)
One last thing, please forgive the somewhat impersonal use of email.  I would 
like to meet you in person and hope that we can arrange that early next 
week.  Would you be available Tuesday or Wednesday afternoon (11/12-July) for 
30 minutes?  We could use that time to run through your background materials.
Please furnish the name of your "PRC Supervisor" by email ( my list indicates 
it is Tom Martin ) so that  I can contact them for a copy of the business 
unit PRC materials that should have recently been completed for you.
Thanks for your help ... I look forward to meeting you !
Mike Norris
5-6420
7
Our game is at 6:00 this week. Due to being a top-notch three-sport athelete 
I have killed my back and am listed as doubtful for this week's game. If I 
can't play do you want me to ask Jody to play or just go with seven? Let me 
know.
Bryan
By popular vote, we will have a draft instead of an auction and the draft 
will take place on 8/20.
Rules to follow.
Eric
We have had a request to change from a draft to an auction system for 
acquiring players.  Please take a look at www.fanball.com and take the links 
to the auction ( I think it is Auctions A-Z) and let me know which option you 
think is better.
i told you so!
Celeste Roberts
06/30/2000 06:35 PM
If you are currently an analyst in a commercial rotation, then you are 
eligible for promotion to a third year analyst.  After you have completed 
your third year, then you are eligible for promotion to a commercial 
associate.  These guidelines were effective on 6/1/2000.  The conversation 
that you and I had was prior to these changes.   Effective 6/1/2000, the 
Office of the Chairman has made it very clear that we are to adhere to these 
promotion guidelines going forward.
Celeste Roberts
Celeste,
I am writing to get some clarification on how the recent changes to the 
program affect my eligibility for promotion.  At the end of last year you 
informed me that I was not eligible for promotion to associate until the mid 
year review (my 2 year anniversary).  It was my impression that the only 
reason that I was held back from promotion into the associate program was 
tenure.  Now, after reading the memo, it seems as if I will not be eligible 
for promotion to associate until I complete 3 years in the program.
I am wondering if I am still eligible for promotion to associate during this 
PRC?
Thank you in advance for your prompt attention to this matter.
Eric Bass
x3-0977
The new draft date is 8/20 by overwhelming majority.  Stay tuned for further 
details. 
Hector,
I invitate you touch my big, beautiful, American breasts!
Hi Everyone,
Well, it's official.  I am finally making the final arrangements for my move 
to London!  I leave Friday, July 14th, but before I go I would like to throw 
a going away bash.  It's been awhile since we've all been out together so I 
hope you can make it.  I am sure that I have forgotten people, so please 
forward the email on.
The festivities will commence at my apartment next Friday, July 7th....at my 
apartment.  I'll be providing beer and wine but feel free to bring your 
favorite beverage.  I live a block away from the Galant Knight...if you can't 
make it to the apartment, meet up with us at the Galant Knight on Holcombe.
I live at 7777 Greenbriar #3056.  My gate code is 284.  If you need 
directions, leave me a message on my voice mail and I'll call you 
back...since I will out on vacation for most of next week.
I   all!
Carrie
Yep, I hit the site every day to check out the weather and snow reports.  I 
am excited because I haven't experienced real winter like conditions for 3 
years. 
Have you been skiing before?
-Eric
You're not excited about going, are you?  Are you hitting that site daily
now?
Subject: A quiz for Million Mom marchers to consider: