Kevin, thanks for getting back to me with names so promptly.  Everyone on the list will be an asset on this effort.  --Sally 
Sally,
The following people are interested in helping Melissa Becker from EIM:
Shelly Wood
Sam Leuschen
Lisa Csikos
Mike Moscoso
Kevin
In a word - no.  ENW budgets have already been submitted to Corp as well.  There are allocations from ENW to Corp for IT Infrastructure (primarily headcount driven) and IT Maintenance and Development, and I will be reviewing these with Rick Causey.  The largest portion of our ENW costs are allocated to EA, EGM, EIM, and EES.  It is these business units primarily with whom we are meeting to share the level of detail discussed in my memo.   These business units already have in hand an allocation billing for 2002 from ENW.  Our meetings at a greater level of detail may result in some changes to the ENW budget, as business units understand more detail around the cost structures for supporting certain lines of business and certain IT development costs.  When I explained our budgeting process to Rick Causey, he had suggested that I share that with everyone on the Management Committee.  Some members are more directly impacted the the ENW budget than others.  --Sally 
We have already submitted our budget for PR, Govt' affairs, Facilities, corp HR etc.  Does the process below affect my numbers (please say no).
The 2002 Enron Net Works budget will for the first time combine allocations to business units for four key services:  Enron Online, IT Infrastructure, Risk Management Operations and IT Maintenance and Development.  We are providing a level of detail for expense and capital spend that is greater than that provided in past years, and that will allow business units to make informed choices regarding the services that they receive 
We are meeting with individual business unit Offices of the Chair to review in detail the four service areas delivered through Enron Net Works.  Some of these meetings have been completed and more will occur between now and October 12.  Please keep the following points in mind as we work with you to finalize budget:
Enron Networks today is very different from this time last year.  Additions to the 2002 ENW budget are Operations for EA, EIM and EGM.  Operations, IT Maintenance and Development, and IT Infrastructure for EES and EBS have been included under the ENW umbrella for the first time in the  2002  budget as well.  The 2001 budgets for these functions were approved and included in individual business units last year.   Any comparison of ENW's 2002 versus 2001 budget must be appropriately adjusted for these organizational changes to be relevant 
For further detail for each business unit, ENW's 2002 expense and capital dollars are organized to mirror each business unit's lines of business (products or commodities) in order to create a transparent view at a more granular level of the costs involved in supporting each of the lines of business 
The detail that is being provided to business units for IT costs delineates licensing fees, system maintenance costs and new development costs.  Detail on each IT development project identifies the purpose, business sponsor, line of business, "in progress" or "planned" designation, expense and capital spend, system impacted, and estimated completion date.   In order to finalize IT project budgets, decisions will be required from the business units on which projects to undertake in 2002 
If you have questions about the ENW budgets as we are working with you to finalize them,  please call one of us 
Greg Piper
Sally Beck
Mark Pickering  
SInce you unfortunately made an unnecessary trip into the office yesterday during your vacation, I assume that you are perhaps out of the office today finishing that vacation.  I am certainly looking for your list of additional items/projects that you believe need to be added to or made more explicit in the draft document for Project Greenlight.  I have rescheduled a meeting with Rick Buy for next Friday, October 12 at 11:30. I hope that you will be able to attend.  I want to be certain that we have enough time to review your comments and concerns, reconvene the appropriate group of steering committee members and/or project managers, and make any necessary changes or additions to the document before that meeting. 
I will be out of the office on Monday, taking Meagan to SMU for Mustang Monday - it's her one day off this fall for a teacher in-service day and nicely enough coincides with a scheduled day at SMU for high school seniors to visit.  I will be checking my e-mails when I get home that night, however 
Sally 
A backup seat and a backup computer have been assigned to you.  Please read this communication in detail.
Purpose:  Net Works has developed a backup plan for possible work stoppages after moving to the new building.  A wider business continuity plan will be rolled out next year.
Location:  Large areas of the 30th and 31st floors of the current building, Enron Center North, will be set aside for recovery purposes.  Your name has been put on the list and you will be notified once the seat assignments are finalized.  Locations will also be posted at the entryways on the 30th and 31st floors.
Timing.  Through November, backup seats assignments will be announced as each trading group moves to the new building.  The backup seats will be available at least to January 1st.
Testing.  Test times to try the backup PC and to familiarize yourself with your backup location will be announced by the IT team as the locations are finished.
Telephones.   Only regular phones will be available.  For those with speed dial phones, the IT team will download the numbers and leave them on a piece of paper at your seat assignment.  Because the numbers change frequently, we ask that you rely on keeping track of the numbers yourself and use the number lists as a last resort.
Other supplies.  The IT team is not responsible for non-technical or special needs.  If you rely on hard copy forms, address books, etc, you will need to be sure to leave appropriate supplies when you test the computer, or bring supplies along if you are asked to move to your backup seat.
Limited Access.  The backup floor is not meant as a backup day-to-day work environment.  To keep the equipment functioning and secure, we plan to limit access except for test times and if we need to invoke the plan because of a work stoppage 
Escalation Procedures.  The plan will be  as follows 
I.	During regular business hours
A.  Announcement.  You will be notified via the PA system if you need to move to the backup location 
-OR-
B.  No Announcement.  If an obvious problem like a fire or power shutdown occurs, for example, all personnel with a seat assignment will be expected to make their way to their backup seat without notification.
II.	After hours
For after hours issues, greeters will announce the move to the backup location as people arrive to work.  E-mails and voice mails will also be distributed.
Thanks, Joannie.  Sorry I didn't see it the first time around!  --Sally 
As discussed - happy reading on the plane 
Sally W. Beck 
Chief Operating Officer
Enron Net Works LLC
713-853-5926
sally.beck@
Thanks, too, for getting my name in front of Ken!  --Sally 
I participated last weekend in the Leadership Forum for Fall 2001 of the Center for Houston's Future.  I wanted to thank you for recommending me as a member of the Forum.  I thoroughly enjoyed the opportunity to meet so many interesting, talented members of the Houston community.  I know that I will enjoy working with the group during our second session, November 1-3, as well as collaborating on some "homework" assignments that we will complete between now and then.   I especially am excited about the possibilities of making an impact on Houston's future through developing both relationships and action steps  through my association with the Center.   Thanks again for making this opportunity available to me.  --Sally Beck 
I participated last weekend in the Leadership Forum for Fall 2001 of the Center for Houston's Future.  I wanted to thank you for recommending me as a member of the Forum.  I thoroughly enjoyed the opportunity to meet so many interesting, talented members of the Houston community.  I know that I will enjoy working with the group during our second session, November 1-3, as well as collaborating on some "homework" assignments that we will complete between now and then.   I especially am excited about the possibilities of making an impact on Houston's future through developing both relationships and action steps  through my association with the Center.   Thanks again for making this opportunity available to me.  --Sally Beck 
The 2002 Enron Net Works budget will for the first time combine allocations to business units for four key services:  Enron Online, IT Infrastructure, Risk Management Operations and IT Maintenance and Development.  We are providing a level of detail for expense and capital spend that is greater than that provided in past years, and that will allow business units to make informed choices regarding the services that they receive 
We are meeting with individual business unit Offices of the Chair to review in detail the four service areas delivered through Enron Net Works.  Some of these meetings have been completed and more will occur between now and October 12.  Please keep the following points in mind as we work with you to finalize budget:
Enron Networks today is very different from this time last year.  Additions to the 2002 ENW budget are Operations for EA, EIM and EGM.  Operations, IT Maintenance and Development, and IT Infrastructure for EES and EBS have been included under the ENW umbrella for the first time in the  2002  budget as well.  The 2001 budgets for these functions were approved and included in individual business units last year.   Any comparison of ENW's 2002 versus 2001 budget must be appropriately adjusted for these organizational changes to be relevant 
For further detail for each business unit, ENW's 2002 expense and capital dollars are organized to mirror each business unit's lines of business (products or commodities) in order to create a transparent view at a more granular level of the costs involved in supporting each of the lines of business 
The detail that is being provided to business units for IT costs delineates licensing fees, system maintenance costs and new development costs.  Detail on each IT development project identifies the purpose, business sponsor, line of business, "in progress" or "planned" designation, expense and capital spend, system impacted, and estimated completion date.   In order to finalize IT project budgets, decisions will be required from the business units on which projects to undertake in 2002 
If you have questions about the ENW budgets as we are working with you to finalize them,  please call one of us 
Greg Piper
Sally Beck
Mark Pickering  
Our invitation to all Analysts and Associates to attend our meeting paid off with at least one!  --Sally 
Hi Sally,
My name is Luis Bravo, we met about a month ago in an Associates happy hour (I'm the intern who was trying -without success- to meet with you last summer), right now I am an Associate at EES, structuring businesses. 
First of all thanks for inviting us (Associates) to join your meeting. It was a very illustrative as well as an entertaining one -nice video by the way. 
I am writing you because I am very interested in getting to know more about the Risk Management operations at Enron Networks so it would be ideal for me to meet with you to talk about it; however, if not possible in the mean time, I would also appreciate if you could give me some names of people that I could contact to so that I can get acquainted of this side of Enron Networks operations.
Thanks a lot, 
,
Luis Bravo
When: Friday, October  5, 2001 1:30 PM-2:30 PM (GMT-06:00) Central Time (US & Canada).
rescheduled from Oct. 1, 2001 to Oct. 5 2001 same time and location (different date)
I have had my head buried in budgets and am just now coming up for air!  Congratulations on your new role.  With your most recent experience in Investor Relations, I know that you will do a great job in communicating with Enron's Board.  Best of luck in your new role.  --Sally 
I am pleased to announce that the Enron Board has elected Paula Rieker as corporate secretary, effective immediately.  She will replace Rebecca Carter, who has served in that role since 1999.  Paula will have dual reporting responsibility to me and to Jim Derrick, executive vice president and general counsel.
Paula joined Enron in 1990 and has experience in a variety of functions, including assistant treasurer for Enron Corp., vice president and chief financial officer of Enron Global Power & Pipelines, and vice president of Financial Initiatives in Accounting.  Most recently, she has been managing director of Investor Relations, where she has worked for the past four years.  Paula will continue in a dual role with IR through mid-October.  Paula has a bachelor's degree in finance from Texas A&M University, and she is a Certified Public Accountant.
Rebecca has been with the company for 11 years and served in a variety of capacities.  I want to thank Rebecca for her many years of service to Enron.  I am sorry she has decided to leave, but am grateful she will stay on through the end of January to ensure a smooth transition of her duties 
Please join me in congratulating Paula on her new responsibilities and in wishing Rebecca well in her future endeavors.
Please check to see which reports will be reviewed in this meeting.  I have forwarded a few to you today to have printed in color.  If there are some reports to be reviewed that we don't have, can you get copies of those for me?  I want to take a look at them before the Oct. 10th meeting.  Thanks.  --Sally 
To all,
The above meeting has been scheduled for Wednesday, October 10, 2001 at 1:00 - 2:00 p.m. in room EB 3321.
Thanks.
Wilma J. Williams, Sr. Admin. Asst.
EAS and EWS Financial Reporting
EB 2322B
Ext.  3-6603
Can I get a color copy printed?  Thanks.  --Sally 
The Power Trading audit, executed by Andersen, has been completed.  The attached Final Report has been reviewed with key process owners and issues were discussed with appropriate personnel, both during the audit and at the Closing Meeting.  Final Reports will also be reviewed in detail with Wes and Sally on a periodic basis.
EAS will follow up with you regarding implementation of corrective actions for High Priority Items
If you have any questions, please contact me at ext. 5-4554.  Thank you.
Mechelle Atwood
Director, Enron Assurance Services
Enron Wholesale Services
713.345.4554; Location:  EB2383
Mechelle.Atwood@
Can you get me a color copy of this document?  Thanks The Flash to Actual audit, executed by Andersen, has been completed.  The attached Final Report has been reviewed with key process owners and issues were discussed with appropriate personnel, both during the audit and at the Closing Meeting.  Final Reports will also be reviewed in detail with Wes and Sally on a periodic basis.
EAS will follow up with you regarding implementation of corrective actions for High Priority Items
If you have any questions, please contact me at ext. 5-4554.  Thank you.
Mechelle Atwood
Director, Enron Assurance Services
Enron Wholesale Services
713.345.4554; Location:  EB2383
Mechelle.Atwood@
Thanks for your note.  I am wearing my longhorn shirt in the office today so that my affiliation for tomorrow's game is clear!  Let's hope for reveral of last year's score 
Hope that 2nd year is going well.  I will be in touch in the next few days on details for a dinner with Dean May and the Enron scholarship winners later in October.  --Sally 
Hi Sally 
Heard the good news from Lexi when she visited campus. Congrats on your promotion to COO!  Best of luck in your new position.
Take care and remember to root for the Longhorns vs OU tomw.  We're hot this year! 
Warm Soo Pang 
FYI 
Mike Shanker called today and wants to spend Tuesday through Thursday next week in our office reviewing at a more detailed level the functional responsibilities within Operations and Accounting.  His goal, on behalf of Frank Bisignano (which I am sure that I have misspelled), is to map the job functions that we have into the job functions as they are organized within Solomon Smith Barney 
I told him that we would be glad to work with him.  We will involve Bob Hall, Jeff Gossett, Stacey White, Leslie Reeves and others as needed in these more detailed discussions 
Mike says that Wes is sending him a functional org chart for his team today.  I will touch base with Wes to make sure we are coordinated on our efforts 
Is this the entity that had requested org charts that you asked for?  --Sally 
Please give to Mike ASAP for meeting with Sally that's occuring NOW 
Thanks,
Christina
I will be coordinating the efforts around the subject priority identified at the Global Accounting Leadership Conference.  We will be identifying people to help on all five priorities depending on each group's needs and interests.
The elements of the "attract and retain keyemployees" priority include 
1.  resource planning and utilization across Global Accounting 
2.  on-campus and experienced hire recruiting
3.  career development (effective analyst program for Global Accounting; new hire orientation; career planning, etc)
4.  performance management (applying the PRC process in Global Accounting; additional forms of rewards and 
recognition)
5.  networking/social activities
1.  Which of these elements, if any, are of particular concern to your group?
2.  Is there a  particular person(s) you would like to assign to one, several or all of these elements?
I anticipate that the time requirements will not be significant (a few hours each week, depending on the number of elements addressed by an individual, with some weeks heavier and some weeks lighter).
Please let me know!  Thanks!
Please print for Sally.
Thanks,
Christina
3 clear and concise accomplishments (hopefully) - in words
sorry about this morning - quarter end, AA, wes, jim - it's a zoo up here 
b
Here it is 
Christina
This goes out tonight.
Good afternoon,
Please review and submit approval to Enron Messaging Administration.  The note will be sent this evening to ENW ALL..
Have a nice day,
Gary Sta. Maria
Enron Messaging Administration
Meeting Content Will be Posted on ENW Intranet After the Meeting 
If you are not in Houston or can't attend the meeting, we will post the highlights of the event on the Enron Net Works intranet site within a few days after the meeting at <   You will receive a follow-up message concerning online access to the content of the meeting. 
My hot buttons for operations  would be recruiting, career development and resource planning.  Before I simply make assignments, let me canvas my direct reports to be certain that we are assigning those with passion around these areas.  My staff meeting will be tomorrow at 9:00.  I will get back with you on volunteers and also to either reaffirm or alter the hot buttons that I mentioned.  --Sally 
I will be coordinating the efforts around the subject priority identified at the Global Accounting Leadership Conference.  We will be identifying people to help on all five priorities depending on each group's needs and interests.
The elements of the "attract and retain keyemployees" priority include 
1.  resource planning and utilization across Global Accounting 
2.  on-campus and experienced hire recruiting
3.  career development (effective analyst program for Global Accounting; new hire orientation; career planning, etc)
4.  performance management (applying the PRC process in Global Accounting; additional forms of rewards and 
recognition)
5.  networking/social activities
1.  Which of these elements, if any, are of particular concern to your group?
2.  Is there a  particular person(s) you would like to assign to one, several or all of these elements?
I anticipate that the time requirements will not be significant (a few hours each week, depending on the number of elements addressed by an individual, with some weeks heavier and some weeks lighter).
Please let me know!  Thanks!
Thanks, Rosalee.  I have forwarded the information to Jenny Rub with our IT infrastructure group.  --Sally 
Sally, this may not be in your area at all, but I am passing on to you, if applicable and any interest.  Thanks.
Rosie  
Hello Kenneth,
I am writing this short note in an effort to further my understanding of
Enron and establish some rapport with you regarding your ideas on voice and
video conferencing.
Polycom Network Systems manufactures the Accord infrastructure that allows
you to have multiple participants in video and voice conferences
simultaneously.  Fundamentally, I am interested to hear your ideas on voice
and video conferencing and perhaps have a discussion on how your
requirements (if they exist at all) may be addressed by Polycom Network
Systems in a dually beneficial business relationship.
I have attached two short introductions to the Accord Product Line to
eliminate the anonymity of this correspondence.  The Multi Network
Communication attachment furthers your knowledge about video conferencing.
The V2GC-20 attachment discusses the many features that the Accord Product
Line has to offer.
All the best to you,
Jenny Moore
Sales Navigator
Accord Product Line
9040 Roswell Road, Suite 450
Atlanta, GA, 30350
Direct: (770) 641-4466
Fax:    (770) 641-4499
- Multi Network Communications.pdf   - V2GC-20(LF).pdf  
Rick: =20
Thanks for the information on the task at hand regarding operational risk.  We will certainly name an appropriate person from Operations to be involved in this project, and will work with you to help in achieving your objectives.  There doesn't appear to be anyone from ETS on your distribution list.  Operational risk is broad and would seem to be present in all of Enron's businesses.  Is the initial focus simply on the "wholesale businesses", or is there an intent to make this enterprise-wide? =20
I suspect that it would be helpful for all of us on the distribution list to have a context for the way in which you see this RAC initiative complementing, replacing, overlapping, or perhaps duplicating the work of EAS, AA's internal audit engagement, the critical self assessment process being piloted in London this year by the operations team in conjuction with the AA audits, Doorstep reviews, current operational risk reporting done by the various operations teams, and our major initiatives for EES tracked every other Thursday with you and Rick Causey.   Before we each choose our appropriate representatives from our respective areas, it might be constructive to cover this in a kick-off meeting with the addressees on your memo. =20
I might also suggest that we work to clearly define roles and responsibilities at the beginning of this project.  The creation of a framework for quantifying enterprise-wide operational risk is perhaps different from the implementation of daily processes or systems that are used at the business unit levels.  As on other policies devised by RAC, it would seem that implementation of anything new to meet reporting requirements against the to-be-developed operational risk policy should rest with the appropriate business unit/functional area outside RAC.  The cross-functional team that will be formed is probably best used to give input to RAC in creating the policy, but may not necessarily be the right body for implementation of specific initiatives. =20
Finally, the second bullet point in Wanda's list below is already being addressed through the project that you and I agreed upon in August to insure that information from all source systems to RisktRAC is complete, accurate and efficiently handled. As you and I discussed, this is a global effort spanning all commodities/all locations/all source systems.   We have formed a steering committee with appropriate project managers and have worked closely with Debbie Brackett in defining the scope, approach, key milestones, resource requirements and projected timeline (Project Greenlight).  A team of stakeholders from Operations, IT and Debbie Brackett will meet tomorrow in order to review the project plan with David Port and Bill Bradford for final input.  My assistant is working with yours to set up a meeting then for Debbie and me to review the work done to date and to review the proposed plan and timeline.   Assuming that you are comfortable with Project Greenlight when we review the details with you,  I think that it would be appropriate to take this item off of the Wanda's list.  We can certainly update the cross-functional team on efforts underway, but there is no need for a new team to focus on this bullet point. =20
Sally=20
As you are all aware, the latest Risk Management Policy specifically addresses Operational Risk, and more specifically commits Enron to develop systems and processes that enable Enron to better evaluate its operational risk.  To that end, I have asked Wanda Curry to lead a cross-functional team (the "Operational Risk Committee"), which will be jointly accountable for meeting this commitment. I would like to have representatives from Enron Assurance Services, RAC, Research, Information Technology, GRMO and Arthur Anderson. =20
Enron's primary objective for monitoring its exposure to operational risk is to (a) identify the derivation of operational risk exposures and (b) improve the Company's systems and processes to mitigate such risk. The guidelines for operational risk assessment are essentially undeveloped.  It will be our challenge to identify, assess, categorize, quantify and mitigate exposure to operational risk.  =20
The risk capital allocation process includes the consideration of operational risk.  Initially, this assessment will be based on a qualitative view of the business unit's internal processes, people and systems. The initial goal, for completion prior to year-end 2001, is to establish a baseline and/or report card to convey a sense for where we are now.  It is Enron's objective, as reflected in the Risk Management Policy, to increase the sophistication of risk measurement for operational risks through documented qualitative assessments and quantitative measurements. =20
A list of additional objectives to be addressed by the cross functional team has been prepared by Wanda.  These include:
=09
Develop a qualitative operational risk assessment approach and implement.  This approach should enable a quick review of key functions and standards to identify weaknesses, monitor progress over time, and provide management with a representation of operational risk.
Assess and improve integrity of daily risk reports, i.e. require confirmation that all books are captured, aggregated and processed through RisktRAC, CreditAg, and Infinity applications
Ascertain the extent of spreadsheet usage across Enron and develop the ability to monitor NOP, V@R, and MTM for spreadsheets separately, i.e. a Spreadsheet DPR.  Work with GRMO to develop "rules of use" for financial valuation models and spreadsheet "books"
Utilize the existing RMS database and develop the ability to monitor intercompany - interbook activity (initially for forward positions only) and report variances=20
Recommend metrics for quantitative measurement of operational risk
Access need for additional or improved risk databases
Wanda will be contacting each of you to identify your designated operational risk contact that will participate on this cross-functional team. =20
Thanks,
Rick Buy
UGHHHHH!!
As you are all aware, the latest Risk Management Policy specifically addresses Operational Risk, and more specifically commits Enron to develop systems and processes that enable Enron to better evaluate its operational risk.  To that end, I have asked Wanda Curry to lead a cross-functional team (the "Operational Risk Committee"), which will be jointly accountable for meeting this commitment. I would like to have representatives from Enron Assurance Services, RAC, Research, Information Technology, GRMO and Arthur Anderson 
Enron's primary objective for monitoring its exposure to operational risk is to (a) identify the derivation of operational risk exposures and (b) improve the Company's systems and processes to mitigate such risk. The guidelines for operational risk assessment are essentially undeveloped.  It will be our challenge to identify, assess, categorize, quantify and mitigate exposure to operational risk 
The risk capital allocation process includes the consideration of operational risk.  Initially, this assessment will be based on a qualitative view of the business unit's internal processes, people and systems. The initial goal, for completion prior to year-end 2001, is to establish a baseline and/or report card to convey a sense for where we are now.  It is Enron's objective, as reflected in the Risk Management Policy, to increase the sophistication of risk measurement for operational risks through documented qualitative assessments and quantitative measurements 
A list of additional objectives to be addressed by the cross functional team has been prepared by Wanda.  These include:
Develop a qualitative operational risk assessment approach and implement.  This approach should enable a quick review of key functions and standards to identify weaknesses, monitor progress over time, and provide management with a representation of operational risk.
Assess and improve integrity of daily risk reports, i.e. require confirmation that all books are captured, aggregated and processed through RisktRAC, CreditAg, and Infinity applications
Ascertain the extent of spreadsheet usage across Enron and develop the ability to monitor NOP, V@R, and MTM for spreadsheets separately, i.e. a Spreadsheet DPR.  Work with GRMO to develop "rules of use" for financial valuation models and spreadsheet "books"
Utilize the existing RMS database and develop the ability to monitor intercompany - interbook activity (initially for forward positions only) and report variances 
Recommend metrics for quantitative measurement of operational risk
Access need for additional or improved risk databases
Wanda will be contacting each of you to identify your designated operational risk contact that will participate on this cross-functional team 
Thanks,
Rick Buy
Thanks for keeping me posted.  --Sally 
Sally -- just FYI in case it comes up, a counterparty search was done on the potential Terrorist list related to the Asset Freeze that bush ordered
We found one name in the system that matched, and we are currently working on determining if we have actualy transacted with the person.
Will keep you posted if we find out that we have or are doing business with him
Beth
Beth,
I have voice mailed John Brindle, Sr. Director, Corp-Public Affairs, who according to Bill Donovan is currently responsible for International Security and the correct Enron Contact on this matter 
In summary, the CP in question (Mustafa M Ahmad - only a name match we are not certain of an exact match) was set up in GCP as an EES Gas customer as part of the legacy cleanup during August.  A CP with this name is listed in the HP9EESOCA billing system as active.  The record has been suspended in GCP by London and based on our records and research there is no active A/R or MTM exposure.
Expect that upon further instructions from John Brindle, and confirmation of an exact match, we will proceed with Settlements and potentially CSC as appropriate.
Awaiting further instructions from John Brindle.
James
Regarding the CP mentioned below (Mustafa M Ahmad).  A CP with this name is listed in the HP9EESOCA billing system as active.  We could not find a contract with this Counterparty 
More detailed info on the CP is below.  Do we have any additional information regarding the person listed in the published list?
MUSTAFA M AHMAD
Contract:  9165
Acct Abreviation:  MUSTAFA M AHMAD
Street:  671 BERGEN ST
City:  NEWARK
State:  NJ
Zip:  7108
Title:  OWNER
Phone:  201-733-2246
what happened with this  -- are we really transacting with this CPty?
Yes and am currently determining if it is the same person.
have you run a similar analysis?  where do we go with this info?
James
In response to the recent order from President Bush to freeze any assets held in the name of a published list of groups and individuals suspected of terrorist activity, we conducted a search of the GCP database to ensure we did not have any established relationship with anyone on the list.
We found no such relationships with Enron Europe.  However, we thought we had better inform you that we did discover one record, created for Houston EES, with the following name which did appear on the list:
Mustafa M Ahmad GCP ID 130061.
The ID has been suspended by my GCP team here.  Please let me know if you need any further information 
Kind  
Anna
For the record, the full published list is as follows:
Al Qaida/Islamic Army
Abu Sayyaf Group 
Armed Islamic Group (GIA)
Harakat ul-Mujahidin (HUM)
Al-Jihad (Egyptian Islamic Jihad)
Islamic Movement of Uzbekistan (IMU)
Asbat al-Ansar
Salafist Group for Call and Combat (GSPC)
Libyan Islamic Fighting Group
Al-Itihaad al-Islamiya (AIAI)
Islamic Army of Aden
Usama bin Laden
Muhammad Atif (aka, Subhi Abu Sitta, Abu Hafs Al Masri)
Sayf al-Adl
Shaykh Sai'id (aka, Mustafa Muhammad Ahmad)
Abu Hafs the Mauritanian (aka, Mahfouz Ould al-Walid, Khalid Al-Shanqiti)
Ibn Al-Shaykh al-Libi  
Abu Zubaydah (aka, Zayn al-Abidin Muhammad Husayn, Tariq)
Abd al-Hadi al-Iraqi (aka, Abu Abdallah)
Ayman al-Zawahiri
Thirwat Salah Shihata Tariq Anwar al-Sayyid Ahmad (aka, Fathi, Amr al-Fatih)
Muhammad Salah (aka, Nasr Fahmi Nasr Hasanayn)
Makhtab Al-Khidamat/Al Kifah
Wafa Humanitarian Organization
Al Rashid Trust
Mamoun Darkazanli Import-Export Company
FYI -Sally=20
John is keeping us updated on Unify production problems, which unfortunately occur rather frequently.  When he cited the reason for performance issues in his orginal e-mail message below, I asked him whether or not the Unify team was aware ahead of time that the server resynchronization was being handled during normal business hours.  Here is his response.  I bring this to your attention not to create an issue, but rather to solve one.  I know that everyone is incredibly busy, but with so many interdepencies here we have to stay closely coordinated.  I know that EOL has a dedicated member of your team who is always on point and knowledgeable about infrastructure issues that could or do touch EOL.  Is there anyone assigned from your team for a similar role with our critical operating systems?  Because of nomination deadlines and the exchange of information with external parties for Unify, it can create real exposure (dollar exposure and PR exposure) if Unify's performance is impaired.  Let me know if you can assign someone from the infrastructure team that can wear the responsiblity of staying in step with Unify.  Thanks.  --Sally=20
Unfortunately, we didn't get a notification - we played detective.
=20
In their defense, they had tried to do the resynchronization after-hours a couple of times and it failed, so they were somewhat desperate to get this done.  Nonetheless, a phone call should have been made to our team in advance.
=20
John is keeping us updated on Unify production problems, which unfortunately occur rather frequently.  When he cited the reason for performance issues in his orginal e-mail message below, I asked him whether or not the Unify team was aware ahead of time that the server resynchronization was being handled during normal business hours.  Here is his response.  I bring this to your attention not to create an issue, but rather to solve one.  I know that everyone is incredibly busy, but with so many interdepencies here we have to stay closely coordinated.  I know that EOL has a dedicated member of your team who is always on point and knowledgeable about infrastructure issues that could or do touch EOL.  Is there anyone assigned from your team for a similar role with our critical operating systems?  Because of nomination deadlines and the exchange of information with external parties for Unify, it can create real exposure (dollar exposure and PR exposure) if Unify's performance is impaired.  Let me know if you can assign someone from the infrastructure team that can wear the responsiblity of staying in step with Unify.  Thanks.  --Sally=20
Unfortunately, we didn't get a notification - we played detective.
=20
In their defense, they had tried to do the resynchronization after-hours a couple of times and it failed, so they were somewhat desperate to get this done.  Nonetheless, a phone call should have been made to our team in advance.
=20
Mike Shanker called today and wants to spend Tuesday through Thursday next week in our office reviewing at a more detailed level the functional responsibilities within Operations and Accounting.  His goal, on behalf of Frank Bisignano (which I am sure that I have misspelled), is to map the job functions that we have into the job functions as they are organized within Solomon Smith Barney 
I told him that we would be glad to work with him.  We will involve Bob Hall, Jeff Gossett, Stacey White, Leslie Reeves and others as needed in these more detailed discussions 
Mike says that Wes is sending him a functional org chart for his team today.  I will touch base with Wes to make sure we are coordinated on our efforts 
Is this the entity that had requested org charts that you asked for?  --Sally 
Thought I'd pass this comment along from Beverly!  --Sally 
NCL newsletter looks very nice!
Beverly
Thanks.  Sorry, we had to cut one hour down to 15 minutes.  Lots of time on budgets - still continuing this week.  What I would really like is a 15 minute download from an appropriate member of the Doorstep Team within a few days of their return from each review.  My goal is to stay informed on an on-going basis, not quarterly or by bunching several of these together.  If there are some concerns, I need to know right away.  Executive management will assume that I am staying informed on a timely basis, and that should be the reality.  The "i's" don't have to be dotted nor the "t's" crossed on the report in order to have this download meeting.  It is also highly likely that someone from the business location that has been doorstepped, will engage in a conversation with me.  I want to be prepared so that I am knowledgeable about the key points from each review, so that I can respond appropriately .  Thanks. --Sally 
Dear Sally,
As per your request a month or so ago, I've asked the doorstep teams to set up 15 minutes with you to go over their findings.
Please find attached the final doorstep reports for the last few reviews that occurred.  Please let me know if you would like to discuss any of these reports further.  Thanks,
Christy
Wednesday is out for me, but Thursday, October 18 and Friday, October 19 both work.  I will tentatively hold both days until I hear back from you.  Thanks.  --Sally 
Also, great job on organizing the CHF event.  I thoroughly enjoyed it, and the people I met and the discussion that we had have certainly created a lot of food for thought.  I am in the midst of budgets this week, but will check with you next week on getting our boys together 
From Walt Mischer and Milton Scott:
Please specify your preference (by return e-mail) for a full-day
diversity field trip.
Wednesday, October 17
Thursday, October 18
Friday, October 19
Thank you.
 Marilou A. Schopper
 Senior Vice President
 Center for Houston's Future