You know the choice I made.
Hi!
I know your probably mad at me but I took vacation on Friday 
and could not get my husband interested in coming downtown ( I know your 
thinking yeah right)!  Scott said it was fun!  Just because I didn't make 
your party does not mean you are out of sight  -  out of mind!  I wish you 
much happiness and a very bright future.  Take care and come to see us often 
(we are still waiting 
Andy
Ignore my comment about being a one day deal!  Sorry!
Can you tell me anything more about the deal - date & price?  Hopefully I can 
help with additional information.  Is this a one day deal?
Hi!
How was your lunch with Dan?  I hope you had fun Thanks for going with me to the YMCA - I can't wait untill we get into the 
routine we talked about. When do you want to start?  Next Monday 
Love You Much 
Subj:    Montana Forest Fire picture
This is awsome and at the same time rather chilling.  Mother nature is
spectacular
This awesome picture was taken in the Bitterroot National Forest here in
Montana on August 6, 2000 by a fire behavior analyst from Fairbanks,
Alaska by the name of John McColgan with a Digital camera.  Since he was
working while he took the picture, he cannot sell or profit from it so he
should
at least be recognized as the photographer of this once in a lifetime
shot
- ATT09176.jpg
Subj:    Montana Forest Fire picture
This is awsome and at the same time rather chilling.  Mother nature is
spectacular
This awesome picture was taken in the Bitterroot National Forest here in
Montana on August 6, 2000 by a fire behavior analyst from Fairbanks,
Alaska by the name of John McColgan with a Digital camera.  Since he was
working while he took the picture, he cannot sell or profit from it so he
should
at least be recognized as the photographer of this once in a lifetime
shot
- ATT09176.jpg
Hi!
How are you?  I wanted to call you this week-end but I had such a 
bad one that I never had time.  First, I made a mistake at work that caused 
several people to have to work extra time on Saturday so I was on the phone 
with them all day ( I felt bad).   Sunday we went to brunch at Pappasitos and 
I left my retainer wrapped in a napkin on the table  -  so it cost me $800.00 
to replace - I was so mad at myself (you know how cheap I am).  I was off 
Monday & Tuesday and had four doctors appointments so that was fun.  I 
finally got my bookcases cleaned (there were spider webs all over them) and 
my Halloween decorations that Mom made me up.  My house looks really nice (to 
nice for us actually).  We finally got our chandelier for the dining room it is so beautiful.  I made reservations for Thankgiving and was sad when Don 
told me this week-end that they are not planning on coming home because Lynn 
has to work.  I hope we can stay with you as I understand Carla & Russ are 
not doing well.  Maybe we can eat at the Rose - just  you & me.  Well better 
go.  Love you and take care of yourself.
ANR S.E. Gathered Inside F.E.R.C.  ANR  LA + $.0025
Columbia Gulf  -  Inside 
F.E.R.C. COLUMBIA LA + $.0075
Destin - Inside F.E.R.C. 
TRANSCO Zone 3 + $.01
Sonat  -  Inside F.E.R.C. 
SONAT + $.0075
Tennessee  -  Inside 
F.E.R.C. TENNESSEE  LA  + $.0075
Tetco -  Inside F.E.R.C. 
TETCO  WLA  +  $.0075
Venice - Inside F.E.R.C. 
TETCO ELA  +  $.0175
Trunkline  -  Inside 
F.E.R.C.  TRUNKLINE LA  +  $.00
Transco  -  Inside 
F.E.R.C.  TRANSCO +  $.0125
This E-mail is for discussion purposes only and is not intended to be 
complete and all inclusive of the terms of the related transaction.  The 
tranactions described herein are subject to further review and approval of 
ENA and execution of difinitive agreements containing all appropriate 
provisions, including those relating to credit and limitaion of damages.
jkaiser  >   - SILVER.mpg
- GOLD.mpg
- javelin.mpg
- BRONZE.mpg
A beautiful woman loved growing tomatoes, but couldn't seem to get her 
tomatoes to turn red. One day while taking a stroll she came upon a 
gentleman neighbor who had the most beautiful garden full of huge red 
tomatoes. 
The woman asked the gentleman, "What do you do to get your tomatoes so 
red?" The gentleman responded, "Twice a day I stand in front of my tomato 
garden and expose myself, and my tomatoes turn red from blushing so much 
The woman was so impressed, she decided to try doing the same 
thing to her tomato garden to see if it would work. So twice a day for two 
weeks she exposed herself to her garden hoping for the best 
One day the gentleman was passing by and asked the woman, "By the way, 
How did you make out? Did your tomatoes turn red 
"No" she replied, "but my cucumbers are enormous 
- MONICA.JPG
Hi!
How is your day going?  Yesterday was better for me!  The 
vote for who did better in the debate last night seems to be Gore.
Love You!
Thanks so much - your the best!
Hi
I guess this is a case of be careful of what you ask for!  Since you 
helped me last week delete all products except physical gas from the All 
Products
section of stack manager ,  I can no longer select a financial swap product 
as a link to my physical products.  For example, I would like to link my 
HEHUB physical 
rest of month product to the gas daily HEHUB swap product.  Can you help me 
once again or refer me to someone who can?  Sorry, I did not realize these 
options were connected.
Thanks in advance for your help!
John Griffith@
09/13/2000 09:11 AM
Mike Griffith  MIKE " GRIFF " GRIFFITH
ODESSA PUMPS & EQUIPMENT ,INC.
915-333-2817
griff@odessapumps.com
1.  The Halloween pumpkin on your front porch has more
 teeth than your
     spouse.