Paco-
Hey I thought about our conversation last night and I think we should cover the start and stop times to your season and some other details that might be important.  This is my work e-mail...my home is cdean12@earthlink.net.  I'll write you again from home.
Deano
Hello! There are so many people I'd like to spend hours and hours
writing to and updating on all that I've been doing lately. As we all
know, that'll be very slow and coming! So - in the meantime - check out
my new and improved website! www.simplifiedliving.org I'd love comments
and feedback....as well as any referrals you feel like sending my way!
:)
Carl and I are doing great here...house is good, dogs are good and
pregancy is going just fine! Baby is due in April so we'll keep you
posted...we're letting the boy/girl part be a surprise!
Hope you are doing well and that the holiday season will be full of love
and happiness for you!
warmly,
chrissy
Hello all!
Jon Koomey, the instructor for your Tricks of the Trade (Energy Math) course, has requested participant feedback regarding his class. If you have any comments or suggestions, please e-mail Jon at numbers@numbersintoknowledge.com and copy me as well.
For your convenience, I have included questions from other course evaluations to help guide your thoughts. Feel free to include other comments or suggestions.
Was the presentation of information clear and at the right level of detail?  Did the presenter keep the course interesting?
For a course held entirely in one day, the level of detail was effective.  The course was interesting with the real life examples and the challange problem solving in groups.  The visual aids could use some improvement.  I have no specific ideas, but I found the consistent nature of the material to create a lull in the presentation.
Were there any topics discussed that you would have liked greater detail on?
Current events.  I liked the bit on the Kyoto Treaty
Were there any topics covered that you did not find beneficial or relevant?
I've systematically erased them from my memory...too late to recall
Were there any topics that you would have liked information on that were not included in the seminar?
Currency conversions as they relate to production costs
Did you find the group and individual exercises useful?  Do you have any changes or recommendations for the exercises that you would have found more beneficial?
The individual exercises were the most useful.  It encourages the attendees to work together and think through a problem.
How well was the day structured?  For example, did the course cover too much or too little information, would you have preferred more or less group work, etc.
More group work.  Although you are limited w/one day groups
On a scale of 1 to 10 (10 being the best), how would you rate this course for usefulness and relevance to your work?
8.5
Other Comments:
Good course...I was a bit worried in the first hour as we focused on compilation errors for data gathering
If you have any questions, please let me know!
,
Grace
x8321
Last e-mail:
If you are reading this e-mail on Thursday, 11.8.01, and it is past 9:00am: You are late for your Tricks of the Trade course! If you're wondering where to go:
Where:	2WTC Oregon Room--Skybridge to 2WTC and down one level. Enter double doors, veer left. Room is in the right corner.
Time:	9:00am until roughly 5:00pm (breakfast at 8:45am, lunch provided.)
Bring:	Pen (or pencil) and paper
Have fun!
-Grace
x8321
Howdy all!
I am just confirming your participation at the Tricks of the Trade (Energy Math) course this Thursday, November 8th. If you have any conflict with attending the course (9:00am-5:00pm, roughly), please let me know ASAP.
I will be distributing some pre-course reading material. While it is not required to complete it prior to the course, it would be very helpful in understanding the class.
If you have any questions, please let me know!
,
Grace
x8321
Tricks of the Trade for Analysts in the Energy Biz
Presented by Jonathan Koomey, PhD, Staff Scientist, Lawrence Berkeley National Lab
Date: 	Thursday, November 8th, 2001
Time:	9:00 am - 5:00 pm
Location:  	2WTC, Oregon Room
To bring:	Pen and paper, precourse reading material
Other info:	Course materials will be provided at the start of class
Breakfast and lunch available both days
Course Outline:
Put facts at your fingertips:  Key references and data sources.
Understanding data:  Pitfalls in data acquisition and handling.
Introduction to back of the envelope calculations.
Summary of US and Western electricity systems.
Amy,
I am writing in   to myself, Craig Dean as well as Geir Solberg (out of office) in response to Tim Belden's E-mail on  2/4.  I would appreciate the consideration for the position of Assistant Trader, Cash or Term,  with UBSW Energy and will be available for interview upon request.  You are welcome to reach me at the number listed below or via e-mail.
,
Craig Dean  	(503) 880.5303
Geir Solberg	(503) 772.0515
Hi CraigG  	
Congratulations!!  You have accumulated: 5961 betfrequent points 
You can redeem FREE prizes with your points. Our betfrequent program <  is the industry's leading pioneer of online "Comp" programs, established in 1999!
What are betfrequent points?
They are the points that we give you every time that you place a wager with SportingbetUSA.
So, what kinds of prizes are there?
Get great gifts like:
- Multiple team Parlays*
- 8 and 10 point Special Teasers*
- Genuine Zippo lighters
- Sharper Image Gift Certificates*
- Amazon.com Gift Certificates*
*Various denominations
Call our Customer Service toll free at 1-888-238-2-238 or visit our website at www.sportingbetUSA.com <  and click on "Instant Service" to redeem your points for one or more of these fabulous prizes!
and keep playing!
SportingbetUSA.com Staff
To unsubscribe from this mailing list, send us an email  
Thinking about both nights...but I do work day shifts those days...for sure on the 15th
Deano
are you planning on going to BTS? if so what night are you going to go? they're coming Nov. 14 & 15th. 
We have PGE parking to fill HE 23-24 25mw at MIDC 
See the schedule for details and call PGE RT with the source.
Dean
Howdy all!
We currently have an opening in the Real Time Trading Group reporting to Bill Williams III. 
If you have any questions about this position, please see Bill at the Real Time Desk. A list of responsibilities and candidate requirements can be found below.
If you would like to be considered for this position, please contact Julie Kearney (x7404) or Grace Rodriguez (x8321) by close of business on Friday, October 19th, 2001.
,
Grace
x8321
Description of Group
Real Time Trading is responsible for the physical and financial integrity of prescheduled energy transactions.  Specifically, this includes managing curtailed schedules and preserving Enron's financial rights with non-performing trading counter parties.  The group is required to maintain records and update databases that explain such supply/market interruptions in order to minimize customer billing dispute issues 
In addition, Real Time Trading is responsible for the hourly trading of energy in the California ISO and bilateral markets.  Traders are expected to initiate profitable trades while maintaining an acceptable amount of risk exposure to the company.  The group is expected to know all settlements requirements and charges related to each type of trade.  Each trader is capable of interfacing with customers and responding to internal and external billing inquiries 
Real Time is required to administer terms of Service Desk contracts, which may include the selling of excess generation and purchasing energy for customer's load requirements.  Also, each trader is responsible for gathering and reporting information on unit outages, transmission line durations and other information that is useful for all West Desk trading activity.
Description of Function
Confirm purchases and sales of power for Enron Power Marketing.
Protect EPMI from financial risk and fulfill physical power obligations.
Trade energy in hourly markets, including California ISO.
Gather essential market information for cash traders.
Aid in the preparation of price and deal reports and assist in the resolution of volume/price discrepancies.
Requirements
Bachelors in Finance, Business, Accounting or related field. 
1 to 2 years of previous power industry experience in western region is preferred. 
Excellent problem solving and communication skills. 
Ability to make quick decisions under pressure.
Strong PC skills. 
Work rotating shift including holidays and weekends. 
Self-motivated. 
Detail oriented.
Are you married yet?
Amy, 
Thank you for my birthday card.  I really appreciate it.  I'm sorry, but I've been meaning to call you.  I just haven't been able to make the time.  I was in Austin this past weekend for the UT football game, and I stayed with Bryan and Monica.  We went out on the lake on Sunday, and I went skiing.  It was fun.  I'm going to a Halloween party at my manager's house this Saturday.  Also, I've been dating as many girls as possible.  Ah, the single life.
Clint
Jennifer,
I enjoyed meeting you last week.  Too bad we didn't get to meet up the second night.  I definitely had a good time.  Did you go out again on Wednesday?  I tried to call you at your hotel, but I guess I missed you.  Talk to you soon.
Clint
I promised I looked for you that night.  Did you go to the APB party at Grasshopper?  Last of four nights, huh?  I remember those days about 3 years ago.  So that probably means you have a three day weekend, and are back on for days Monday.  That's just my guess.  As for the band I was playing, I really don't remember which CD I had in there, but it was probably Dexter Freebish or Vallejo.  They are both from Austin.  You need to call me when you get back on days.  I'm going to a Halloween party this weekend at my manager's house.  It should be fun.  Are you planning any more trips back to Houston?
Clint
Hey there!  Nice to hear from you!  Yeah, we went out the second night,
but it was a little slower (thank goodness).  I think a lot of people
had early flights out the next morning.
This is my last of four nights and I am ready for a break!  Or at least
some sleep.
What was the name of that band you were playing in your car?  I doubt I
can find it up here, but it's worth a try.
Have a great weekend!
Jen
Jennifer,
I enjoyed meeting you last week.  Too bad we didn't get to meet
up the
second night.  I definitely had a good time.  Did you go out
again on
Wednesday?  I tried to call you at your hotel, but I guess I
missed you.
Talk to you soon.
Clint
- winmail.dat  
As of October 1 we need to be especially careful in using non-firm transmission right only.  Make sure to repeat transmission requests with the BPA as "non-firm on Enron all the way".  Mistakes may cost as much as  $1200/mw if you agree to use Enron's firm rights 
Also note that some of BPA's network transmission fees have increased by $2 
C Dean
Mike,
We need to know the volumes of their load and how it is broken down.  This would include location (by zone), ramp rates, and load factors.  Also, we need to know how fast the load can react to instructions, and how flexible the load is, i.e. can the load be moved up and down on an interval basis without causing problems?  We would also need to know their load forecast.  For example, when is the load available to be reduced, summers, on-peak, etc.?  Obviously if this is limited, we would want to value it accordingly.
Thanks,
Clint
Joelle,
Hey, I just wanted to say that if I came on too strong or did anything out of line, I'm sorry.  Obviously, I don't know you very well, so I wanted to make sure you knew that.  I would enjoy seeing you again, but its up to you.  Just let me know what you think.
Clint
What's up with your schedule?  You always seem to be working nights 
Things around here have been better.  We aren't very happy with what has happened to this co. over the past couple of months.  At least the rumors have stopped, and now we know what will become of Enron.  I'm just not sure how everyone will handle the change to Dynegy (or even if the merger will get completed).  Its not supposed to close until around Sept. '02.  So there is plenty of time for things to change even more around here.  As far as my job, at least I work in the power side.  We keep hearing that they bought us for our power and gas trading, so that makes me feel a little better.  I'm also glad that it is a Houston co. that bought us.  We are supposed to be moving into our new building this weekend, so that will be interesting.
Have fun over Thanksgiving 
Hey there!  How are things down in Houston?  I can't imagine the rumors
that are going on there.  We were so busy here last week.  I am ready
for my two weeks off.  I am going to S.A. for Thanksgiving (did I
already mention that?).  I am not sure if I want to fly with what
happened today?  It's crazy out there, but I have to get home to Texas.
I hope you have a great time in Dallas and I'll chat with ya when I get
back.
Jen
I definitely dressed up for the party.  I looked good!  I was a
sheriff.
If you can't find that CD up there, you can always pick it up
back in
Texas.  So, I'm trying to remember, does your mom live in
Houston, and dad
in S.A.?  Is that right?  I'm going to Dallas for Thanksgiving,
and I'm
just glad I don't have to fly.  I can't imagine what the lines
will be like
that week.  I'm off work this Friday, so if you get a chance to
call,
better make it Thursday.  Glad to hear that you're feeling
better.  Talk to
you soon.
Hey there!  How was your Halloween party?  Did you dress up?
I hung out
with some friends, but no costumes.  Dexter Freebish - that's
it.  I'll
have to look for it up here.  We went to the APB party, but
left early
to get some food.  Things calmed down that last night
compared to
Tuesday.
I'll be back on days at the end of next week and then I'll
have two
weeks off.  I cannot wait!  What are your plans for
Thanksgiving?  I'm
flying to San Antonio to visit my dad for a few days.  I
can't decide
whether to stop over in Houston or just wait until Christmas.
I feel so
lucky that the shift I'm on has the holidays off.
I apologize for taking so long to respond to your message.  I
lost my
voice earlier this week which kind of makes it hard to trade.
Needless
to say, they sent me home to get better.  I secretly think
everyone was
happy not to hear me talk!  :o)  It was so strange because
other than
the loss of my voice, I felt fine.  Who knows?
Have a great week!  Hopefully we can talk when I get in the
office on
Thursday.
Jen
I promised I looked for you that night.  Did you go to the
APB
party at
Grasshopper?  Last of four nights, huh?  I remember those
days
about 3
years ago.  So that probably means you have a three day
weekend,
and are
back on for days Monday.  That's just my guess.  As for
the band
I was
playing, I really don't remember which CD I had in there,
but it
was
probably Dexter Freebish or Vallejo.  They are both from
Austin.
You need
to call me when you get back on days.  I'm going to a
Halloween
party this
weekend at my manager's house.  It should be fun.  Are you
planning any
more trips back to Houston?
Clint
Hey there!  Nice to hear from you!  Yeah, we went out the
second
night,
but it was a little slower (thank goodness).  I think a
lot of
people
had early flights out the next morning.
This is my last of four nights and I am ready for a break!
Or
at least
some sleep.
What was the name of that band you were playing in your
car?  I
doubt I
can find it up here, but it's worth a try.
Have a great weekend!
Jen
Jennifer,
I enjoyed meeting you last week.  Too bad we didn't
get to
meet
up the
second night.  I definitely had a good time.  Did you
go
out
again on
Wednesday?  I tried to call you at your hotel, but I
guess
I
missed you.
Talk to you soon.
Clint
- winmail.dat  
- winmail.dat  
- winmail.dat  
Paul Johnson
281-600-8145
Julie,
As I am getting off night shift today, I will be unable to attend the HR presentation.  I believe I filled out all of the necessary paperwork (W-4, direct deposit, and employment application) to get started and I dropped the beneficiary and benefits paperwork on your desk this morning.  Please write me if there is anything else that you need from me.
Craig Dean
Please plan to attend the local UBS HR Presentation given by Gabrielle Hagele and Chris Lue tomorrow, Thursday, 1/24/02 at 9:00 AM in the Mt. Hood Conference Room.  The presentation will detail UBS Benefits and UBS HR Policies.  Time is also set aside for Question and Answers 
Several UBS HR required forms will be distributed during this meeting.  These forms are required to process payroll and enroll in the benefit plans.  If you are unable to attend this meeting, please contact me or one of the UBS HR personnel.   See you then!
I responded on 12/24 but haven't seen anything yet Mr. Dean
CONGRATULATIONS!!
Mr.  Dean,
You are one of this week's ROULETTE RUN LUCKY winners!
That's right, you just won our Weekly ROULETTE RUN contest. The money will
be deposited into your casino account as soon as you reply to this email.
I hope you've enjoyed playing in our online casino as much as I'm sure that
you will enjoy this special gift.
Thank you and again, congratulations.
Sincerely,
Casino Manager
SportingbetUSA.com
1-888-238-2238
.
Your opinions count! Please email us at mailto:CustServ@sportingbetUSA.com
and let us know how we can make your experience more enjoyable! You may also
give us a call toll free at 1-888-238-2-238 (888-Bet-2-Bet). For a faster
wagering service, contact our direct bookmaking numbers 1-888-439-9211.
Wish you a great day.
Fred B.
Customer Service Department
1-888-Bet-2-Bet (or 1-888-238-2-238)
You win more with SportingbetUSA!: Loyalty program, RELOAD bonuses, free
bets, year-round contests, football game tickets, $500 WEEKLY casino raffle
and a lot more! Ask customer service for information about these benefits!
Kathy-
In case you didn't receive this from the night crew.
I manually entered the HE 20 scrape.
Bert,
I'm returning from Colorado on the 2nd of Feb. and will be available to work on the 3rd. 
If this can work into your schedule it would be much appreciated.
Dean
503.880.5303
40040310
mariners
Guys, here are the details on the ESA MEH turbines - please forward to me 
your project details, economics and strategy ASAP.  We will allocate these 
turbines to the project with the best strategic/economic rationale once 
confirming that they are worth more in ENA versus ESA.  If you need more 
detailed information on these turbines please let me know.
Rob, please give me call on this one.
Delainey
Brett R Wiggs@
12/11/2000 11:54 AM
Dave:
The attached sheet provides a summary of information on the turbines.
Brett
David W Delainey@ECT
12/08/2000 06:38 PM
Brett, can you give me the particulars on the four MEH turbines (ie) 
scheduled delivery, price, fuel options, heat rate, output,etc - including 
transferablility to NA.
Delainey
guys, phone numbers:
Home:  713-592-9723
Cell: 713-907-6315
Delainey
Mike, can you keep the approval amount under $20M?
Delainey
Mike Curry
11/13/2000 09:51 AM
Attached is the Dash Sheet for the Texas Wind PPA.  This is being distributed 
now for your review in anticipation of it being distributed for your 
signature in the next few days.  If you have any questions please call me at 
713-853-4258.
,
Mike Curry
David W Delainey
11/13/2000 10:55 AM
Dwayne, in response to your request, I am providing a quick summary of our 
discussion on Friday.  As I had mentioned, this is a competitive process and 
time is of the essence.  If we get resolution to these points, I would be 
prepared to sit down over a finite period of time (three or four days) to try 
and hammer out the transaction.
Specifically:
AEP Point #2: ENA would accept a triggering event and MAC clause for the 
lease.  This would under certain conditions allow AEP to purchase the leased 
assets at the present value of the future lease payments plus the fair value 
in year thirty of the underlying assets at an agreed upon discount rate.  The 
triggering events would include bankruptcy, insolvency or Enron Corp falling 
below investment grade.  An Enron Corp guarantee would be offered to secure 
that covenant.  We would similarly ask for similar credit language in the 
lease agreement, with an AEP parental guarantee, securing the lease 
obligation from AEP.  These paragraphs would be constructed in a similar 
manner to triggering events and MAC clauses in master commodity documents.
ENA would also acknowledge that it would not sell the lease or physical 
assets underlying the lease to any other party but AEP.  I would anticipate 
that this would be managed through a ROFR structure.  This would ensure that 
AEP would have access to the assets if sold and that AEP can feel confortable 
that they will be dealing with Enron for the period of the lease.
Notwithstanding above, Enron needs the flexibility to pledge or sell the AEP 
lease stream in order to monetize your obligation to cash if desired.  This 
makes the set-off language difficult.  With the triggering event and MAC 
clause, the need for set-off to protect AEP in the event of Enron default 
should not be required.
AEP Point #5:  ENA would agree to a three month non-compete which prohibits 
ENA from soliciting business with the suppliers or producers connected to the 
Pipeline.  This non-compete would apply to transactions over one month in 
duration. This would apply to ENA only and no other Enron Corp affiliates.
AEP Point #6:  I believe that ENA has already agreed in principal to your 
request under this point.
AEP Point #1:  ENA would require indemnity limitation, including 
representation and warranties and basic construction, similar to our last 
draft language previously provided to you.  Would also request a two year 
window rather than three on environmental claims.
AEP Point #3:  ENA would counter with a $40 million break up fee if AEP does 
not get requisite SEC approval by April 1, 2001.
AEP Point #4:  On HSR and FERC approvals, AEP's position as layed out in the 
letter is not practical since it would be very difficult to pull out certain 
pieces of the pipe from the deal and ensure that both parties get the benefit 
of the bargain.  If AEP is unwilling to give an asset divestment covenant and 
given AEP's limited gas infrastructure position,  ENA's position is that AEP 
should take the risk that they will be able to get the approvals 
Other:  ENA will not agree as a condition to this transaction a settlement of 
any FERC issues between AEP and EPMI; however, ENA would always be willing to 
discuss such items in a different forum.
If you have any questions or comments do not hesitate to contact myself or 
Tim Detmering 
Dave Delainey
Paul, thanks for the note.  Please clarify the following for me:  break out 
2001 property premiums ($3M) for each major ENA asset ie) peaker, the 
ponderosa facility, LV Cogen and HPL/Hanover assets et al.
Wes, can you confirm for me that no insurance costs are embedded in the teams 
2001 plans.
Delainey
Wes, Dave Duran agreed to reduce his plan to flat year on year for commercial 
expenses - can you reflect that in your sheets please.
Delainey
Wes, can you adjust West Power numbers for the drop in headcount.
Delainey
Christopher F Calger
11/12/2000 04:42 PM
Dave,
You asked about office costs, depreciation and headcount:
Office Costs are correct and include rent, supplies, backoffice expenses, 
general marketing and charitable contributions.
Depreciation includes leashold improvements (walls, carpet and paint) and 
certain computers/IT not covered in the IT allocation (Tim is checking on the 
$278K)
Headcount is close: my actual 2000 headcount is 38, not 36 and Tim's plan for 
2001 may be overstated by one or two; overall headcount increase is probably 
15, not 18.
Hope this clarifies the plan.
,
Chris
David W Delainey
11/13/2000 12:15 PM
Guys, I would like to schedule a one hour meeting to discuss the 2000 and 
2001 IT budget.  Essentially, I would like this first meeting to discuss our 
approach to a) understanding in some detail our 2000 costs and the 
nature/behaviour of those costs and b) in this context, ENA's priorities and 
the system plan, come up with the 2001 budget and how the accountability will 
be managed.
Kay, can you please try to organize ASAP.
Delainey
Guys, I would like to schedule a one hour meeting to discuss the 2000 and 
2001 IT budget.  Essentially, I would like this first meeting to discuss our 
approach to a) understanding in some detail our 2000 costs and the 
nature/behaviour of those costs and b) in this context, ENA's priorities and 
the system plan, come up with the 2001 budget and how the accountability will 
be managed.
Kay, can you please try to organize ASAP.
Delainey
Janet, any ideas?
Delainey
Scott Neal
11/12/2000 08:20 PM
John/Dave,
Frank and I would like to recommend assigning Phil Demoes outside of our new 
group as part of the upcoming reorganization.
Please let us know if you would like to discuss further and how we should 
proceed Frank W Vickers
10/23/2000 09:56 AM
Scott, hope all is well.  I will get to the point.  What are your suggestions 
on the individuals that we have been assigned ?  I need to rely on you for 
any input that might suggest that we not take someone on.  I understand that 
Dave wants any personel changes as soon as possible.  What do you think ?  We 
do not want to begin with HR problems if we can avoid it upfront.
Please e-mail or call at 503-464-3940.
Frank
joseph.deffner@ on 11/13/2000 08:27:16 AM
DEFFNER,JOSEPH M  has suggested reviewers and submitted them for your 
approval.  You may review/modify this list of reviewers by logging on to PEP 
at    and going to Supervisor Services.  Please 
remember, no feedback can be completed on DEFFNER,JOSEPH M  until you have 
approved the list.
sally.beck@ on 11/13/2000 08:27:16 AM
BECK,SALLY W   has suggested reviewers and submitted them for your approval You may review/modify this list of reviewers by logging on to PEP at 
and going to Supervisor Services.  Please 
remember, no feedback can be completed on BECK,SALLY W   until you have 
approved the list.
Kay, please set up a time for us to speak -- Bruce sorry for the delay - life 
has been a little hectic.  Don't ever hesitate to call, just have patience.
Delainey
Bruce Sukaly@
11/29/2000 03:38 PM
Dave,
I have taken the "communicate your ideas to the right person" to heart.  One 
of the main reasons I came to Enron was to help expand it marketing efforts I have taken a few minutes to write my idea, because verbal ideas can get 
lost in the shuffle.  I feel strongly about this opportunity and this notion 
is what attracted me back to the Big E.  I believe all the pieces of this 
idea are present at Enron, but we can maximize our resources.
c.john.thompson@ on 11/13/2000 09:33:25 AM
THOMPSON,C J  has suggested reviewers and submitted them for your approval You may review/modify this list of reviewers by logging on to PEP at 
and going to Supervisor Services.  Please 
remember, no feedback can be completed on THOMPSON,C J  until you have 
approved the list.
Jim, can you send me hard copies - I am having trouble opening these reports.
Any summaries on the RTO filings?
Delainey
Attached is a summary and the original reports from FERC Staff on Power 
Markets (Midwest, Southeast 
Overall, these are good reports, but we are not sure where FERC will go now 
(especially with the outstanding Presidential election).  I'll keep you 
posted if anything begins to move.
Please let me know if you need anything else.
Jim
The Strategy Meeting previously scheduled for tomorrow, November 14, 2000, 
has been cancelled.  If you have any questions, please feel free to call Kay 
@ 713-853-0643.
Thanks,
Dave
Jim, is there executive summaries for the following:
a) Eastern Interconnect investigation  by region;
and b) RTO's filings.
Delainey
On 11/1/00, FERC Staff issued reports on its Investigation of Bulk Power 
Markets in the Eastern Interconnection.  These reports were the result of a 
Commission order earlier this summer.  Enron's Federal regulatory staff 
(Christi, Charles Yeung, and Sarah Novosel) provided a great deal of 
information for this investigation and Joe Hartsoe and Donna Fulton discussed 
many of the problems with the grid with the new head of Staff, Scott Miller 
(who recently joined FERC from PG&E Gen).    While the Commission is under no 
obligation to take any of Staff's recommendations, the Commission typically 
looks to Staff for guidance on transmission and market issues.  Importantly, 
Staff concludes that the Commission should consider these options for the 
Southeast and Midwest -- all of which Enron has been asking FERC to implement 
for several years:
Reduce the advantages of network service over point to point service by 
requiring that native load be served under the same tariff as other 
transmission services to eliminate the current incentives that VIUs have to 
favor their native load through the calculation of ATC and handling of 
interconnection requests.
While the Staff Hotline is used productively, the Commission can direct Staff 
to conduct formal investigations into entities that have a pattern of 
complaints.
The Commission could require TPs to submit tariff provisions containing a pro 
forma interconnection process specific to interconnection, rather than simply 
relying on the Tennessee Power order that utilizes the OATT timelines and 
procedures.
Require TPs to retain real-time transmission data on market functions 
pertaining to daily load, internal generation to meet that load, and imports 
and exports.
RTOs should submit the basis and methods for calculating ATC and TTC, as well 
as standardized criteria for curtailment.  In addition, since even such 
standardized criteria might not "get to the root of the problem" -- that 
control area still control generation -- the Commission could require that 
each RTO set a date certain by which it will create one control area Regardless of the implementation of these two options, the Commission could 
standardize ATC and TTC methodology.
Staff finds that while electricity is a commodity with market characteristics 
similar to many other commodities, it is still viewed as "different," with a 
reaction of price caps.  Staff encourages that basic decisions about the 
regulatory model be made in order to complete the transition from a 
traditional cost-of-service model to a model that uses markets to price the 
commodity and services 
DETAILS  (Also, the reports contain good summaries of the generation, 
transmission, state retail, federal reg. and other issues for the region):
Midwest:  The Midwest is dominated by vertically integrated Transmission 
Providers ("TPs") that control transmission, generation and load.  "As such, 
they have weak economic incentives to provide access to transmission service 
to third-parties and strong incentives to favor their own services."  Staff 
available from TPs, Staff cannot conclude whether these are isolated 
incidents or wide-spread.  At the very least, the complaints indicate a lack 
of confidence in the bulk power market and the ability of market participants 
to rely on transmission access, thus harming the liquidity of the market 
TLRs are the most important transmission issue in the Midwest, with an 
"enormous" increase in 2000.  The region showed a decline in peak load from 
1999 to 2000 and a growth in new generation since the 1998 price spikes Even though there was an increase in generation and mild weather with 
virtually no price spikes, TLRs climbed to record numbers.  The TLRs were 
highly concentrated:  only 5 flowgates account for 41% of ECAR TLRs and 
another 5 flowgates in MAIN account for 42% in that region.  Notably, even 
though the NERC procedures for Level 3 TLRs mandate transaction curtailment, 
78 of the 191 TLRs in the Midwest do not show any curtailment amount.  The 
total amount of relief that these curtailments are intended to produce are 
not posted.  Staff notes that TLR rules are established by NERC, whose 
procedures are voluntary and not enforced by penalties.  While the Commission 
has required certain NERC standards and procedures to be placed in Open 
Access Transmission Tariffs ("OATT") where the Commission has the power to 
enforce provisions under the Federal Power Act, in practice the Commission 
has generally deferred to NERC on transmission reliability questions, 
including the propriety of TLRs.
TLRs inhibit optimal functioning of the transmission system and market 
because load is not served by the least cost supplier.  TLR procedure is an 
inefficient instrument in mitigating constraints -- curtailment by fiat.  In 
addition, the NERC IDC can result in inappropriate curtailments or increased 
loading on the affected flowgate.  The impact could be mitigated by one 
control area per RTO.
Staff notes that the Midwest state commissions did not petition FERC for 
price caps following the 1998 price spikes.  Some market participants believe 
that the absence of price spikes is the single reason that NUG construction 
increased in the Midwest 
Market participants must keep track of, and follow, a plethora of information 
in order to make energy deals, submit reservations and provide schedules for 
service.  Staff received many complaints about barriers to transmission 
access, including TLR curtailments and a lack of standardized information and 
protocols, particularly for ATC and interconnection requests, and 
discriminatory conduct.  Unbelievably, key data was unavailable to Staff, 
such coincident peak load data, system-wide snap shots for days when TLRs 
were called, and import/export data.  This lack of data creates a market 
inefficiency, because neither market participants nor regulators can fully 
analyze market conditions in real time.  As such, the market is risk adverse, 
eschewing long-term deals for short-term transactions.  Staff also noted that 
because the Security Coordinators often work for the IOU, there is a mixed 
incentive to enforce reliability on the grid and maximize profit for the 
IOU.  (Staff cites Richard Tabors' paper, "Transmission Markets, Stretching 
the Rules for Fun and Profit 
Staff cites the lack of information on OASIS or on the NERC web site, 
particularly about real time TLRs and curtailments.  Examples were provided 
to Staff of transmission refusals when there were no TLRs posted and improper 
implementation of TLRs causing substantial financial loss.
The currently proposed Midwest RTOs may mitigate some problems; however, all 
three retain existing control areas with the favortism for generation and 
native load.  These incentives will continue to remain until the RTO 
exercises complete autonomy over transmission control and security 
coordinator functions.  Staff notes that the Midwest is a balkanized region 
of 61 control areas with no uniform method for calculating ATC and CBM.  The 
result is that ATCs can be different on 2 different sides of an interface Staff notes examples in inaccurate ATCs and states that Staff's own ATC audit 
this summer was consistent with market participant complaints.  Staff is 
weighing follow-up options.  The result of these problems is a lack of 
liquidity.
Staff next noted the problems with unfiled "business practices," especially 
on the next hour market.  Staff's audit of OASIS sites revealed several areas 
of non-compliance 
Information transparency is necessary for a market to function efficiently, 
with equal and timely access to data, including ATC, CBM, TRM, and load flow 
input data.  TPs have incentives to resist efforts to make this information 
transparent because of native load.  This incentive will still exist under 
RTOs if utilities are allowed to calculate their own ATC.  ***  "As a 
consequence, the Commission may wish to eliminate the native load exemption 
and have all transactions under the same tariff."  ***  The Commission could 
benefit by having access to existing transmission data and should require the 
TPs to retain data, including current real-time network status.
Interconnection Issues:  IPPs need to be compensated for VAR support.  Also, 
Staff cites a number of Hotline complaints about TPs seeking large deposits 
or failing to complete System Impact Studies timely.  One solution is to have 
the RTO handle this function to eliminate the disincentive the utilities have 
against IPPs.  The current practice of requiring IPPs to deal with a wide 
variety of procedures inhibits the free flow of transactions within the 
region.
Network service has inherent advantages over point-to-point, citing the 
Entergy source and sink order.  The Commission has relied on "passively" 
receiving informal and formal complaints to determine if discriminatory 
behavior has occurred rather than actively canvassing market participants While Staff cannot conclude that discriminatory practices are widespread, 
there is evidence of discriminatory instances.
Southeast:  The traditional vertically integrated utility ("VIU") model has 
largely persisted in the SE.  This continued control has vastly reduced the 
economic incentives to facilitate IPP activities.  In many cases, the VIUs 
have dampened IPP involvement without violating any Commission regulation due 
to the inherent flexibility of the current rules.
Staff cites examples of delays in performing system impact studies, 
transmission hoarding in the name of serving native load growth and 
manipulation of ATC.  TPs have shown little inclination to improve the 
transmission system and use many TLRs.
There is also a lack of market information that has stymied the development 
of markets in the SE.  ATCs change constantly that leads to uncertainty and 
there is no clearinghouse for electric power prices.
TVA, despite having taken steps to participate in reformed markets, has acted 
as a bulwark against the development of competitive energy markets in the 
SE.  This is significant because of TVA's size and location.  IPPs have 
reported TVA's discouragement of siting in TVA through excessive time to 
perform studies, excessive fees, and rejection of requests to perform 
interconnection studies.
In addition, Staff cites the Florida Sup. Ct. decision against merchant 
plants as significantly impeding the competitive market in Florida.
Staff discusses the significant flow of power from the Midwest to the SE this 
summer.  Much of this resulted from the import of cheaper coal power, than 
the use of gas fired peakers due to higher gas prices.  Peak prices were 
radically lower this summer because utilities appear to have been better 
prepared for peak events through the use of forward contracts, increased 
generation capacity on line and reduced number of forced outages 
SE utilities reported that they have not used market-based rates to 
extensively increase sales.  (Less used than in the midwest.)
The SE region lacks information, which has retarded the Staff's efforts to 
discern the truth about the numerous complaints about transmission in the SE 
(including ATC and TLRs).  Market participants seem to have less confidence 
in the SE market than in any other market region.  This appears to be 
justified based on Staff's investigations.  This lack of confidence 
discourages investment and participation in the markets.  Staff concludes 
that the Commission may need to be more prescriptive in terms of how 
transmission is allocated in the SE RTOs, since there are market concerns 
that the incumbents will continue to dominate operations.  The investigation 
found numerous problems in bad ATCs and TTCs and poor OASIS postings.  In 
addition, several OASIS audit logs actually erased historical data.  Staff 
thinks that additional affiliate transaction information should be posted Staff could not obtain summer demand data and the Commission's lack of 
jurisdiction over TVA made it difficult to obtain transmission access 
information.
The Staff investigation revealed unclear interconnection procedures and lack 
of adherence to schedules and arbitrary cost estimates and deposits.  In 
addition, the TPs have reserved a huge amount of network transmission 
capacity, much of it reserved shortly after the IPP approached the TP to 
interconnect.  Staff cites the recent Skygen order in which Southern denied 
Skygen's request for transmission stating that the only option was the 
construction of an 80 mile 500 kv line that would take 8 years to complete Staff solutions include allowing network requests by IPPs and limiting 
self-build capacity in the incumbent's territory.
ATC variations are a big problem in the SE.  SERC coordination of a 
standardized ATC is a long process and may not be resolved soon without 
direction from the Commission.  An improved method and improved communication 
are needed.
The SE experienced a 354% increase in TLRs this summer.  This increase raises 
the issue of whether curtailment has become an impediment to the competitive 
operation of the market in the SE.  Staff cites information provided by 
Charles Y. that an Ameren TLR was not implemented according to NERC 
criteria.  Staff also wonders if transmission is being oversold since TPs do 
not generally refund transmission revenues when TLRs are implemented.  RTOs 
must have a broad geographic area to internalize much of the constraints.  In 
addition, RTOs will adopt pricing mechanisms that obviate recourse to TLRs However, if control areas are retained, VIUs will retain mixed incentives.
*** As noted in the Midwest report, the manner in which load is calculated 
weighs heavily on the value of this information.  This is an issue that the 
formation of RTOs may not resolve.  Eliminating native load exceptions -- ie, 
treating all load equally -- and placing all transactions under the same 
tariff may be an option that provides the right incentives for the provision 
of transparent and standardized information.
Finally, Staff describes specific problems with TVA and FP&L, TVA is a 
"problem area" for the Eastern Interconnect grid.  TVA is a transmission 
bottleneck due to the many TLRs called this summer.  The current federal law 
and lack of Commission jurisdiction are impediments to the development of 
deep and robust power markets in this area.  TVA simply has no strong 
incentive to provide effective and efficient transmission service.  In 
addition, the Commission does not have full information on TVA.  Staff lists 
a number of complaints against TVA, including unjustifiably increasing the 
tag deadline and allowing TVA Marketing, but not others, to sink and park 
power.  Staff concludes that recent proposals by TVA to enhance the 
development of markets and its system do not appear to have great potential.
A Staff audit of FP&L revealed violations of standards of conduct, including 
confidential information on FP&L's transmission system (including interchange 
information for other entities) posted on EMS systems that were available to 
FPL's merchant function.  Staff's report found that FP&L does not have an 
established procedure for review of EMS to ensure that information is not 
displayed in error.  It is "up to individual Managers discretion."  ((FRCC 
web site report dated 9/8/00)).  Violations such as these undermine 
competition.
The reports are attached below.
- southeast.pdf
- midwest.pdf
Ken, I think we should pass on the sponsorship of this event 
If you have a different view, lets discuss at your earliest convenience.
Thanks
Delainey
ccalger@ on 11/12/2000 01:11:08 PM
CALGER,CHRISTOPHER F   has suggested reviewers and submitted them for your 
approval.  You may review/modify this list of reviewers by logging on to PEP 
at    and going to Supervisor Services.  Please 
remember, no feedback can be completed on CALGER,CHRISTOPHER F   until you 
have approved the list.
Keep pushing these guys.
Delainey
Janet R Dietrich
11/06/2000 03:09 PM
I called Ronnie Lee to invite him to the New York Christmas party (he'll 
probably come) and we had a lengthy conversation about what they're doing 
right now.
It sounds like they are down to 4 counterparties on their previous "asset 
management" solicitation:  Enron, Southern, Duke and Williams.  Williams is 
their first choice at the moment purely driven on price. It sounds like 
Williams is willing to effectively provide natural gas at a  below-market 
fixed price. Both Williams and Duke were comparable on price. Enron and 
Southern are close on price and just behind the Duke/Williams pricing. 
Although Ronnie claims everyone is "right there together", the small pricing 
difference is significant when looked at over 15 years. Williams will be with 
Ronnie soon (next couple weeks) to begin discussing contract language. He 
says documents aren't signed and I can tell he really wanted us to be at the 
table. We priced our last deal to him about 4 weeks ago and I believe the gas 
curve was higher than it is currently. Ronnie agrees that it would be 
worthwhile to reprice our deal since the prices were so close before. He said 
Jackson has  now joined Walton, Colquitt, and Satilla and they would like to 
come to terms on a definitive document in the December/January timeframe 
I talked with him about Oglethorpe and Tom Smith, and he was very interested 
to find out we'd been meeting with them. He thinks Oglethorpe will only keep 
about 40% of the existing Oglethorpe load. He'd like to sit down and talk 
thru all this after we re-price our deal and I told him that Ozzie would be 
in touch to try and set up a time. 
Although I hadn't really planned to call Ronnie on this, I thought it 
probably wouldn't be bad to stir things up a bit!
kay, see when this is and if I can go?
Delainey
Greg Whalley
11/09/2000 02:55 PM
Sent by: Liz M Taylor
Here it is!  Your Enron Net Works Holiday Party Invitation.  Please click on 
the attached link to launch.
Please contact my assistant, Liz Taylor @ x31935, should you experience any 
difficulty with the link.
Greg
Steve, I noticed that our allocation from 2000 to 2001 is going up by 21% 
year on year (ie) $13.9M from $11.5M.  We have been able to keep ENA's direct 
group expenses flat year on year, we are trying hard to keep the corporate 
allocation flat year to year as well.  Do you have a view on how we might be 
able to achieve this goal?
Delainey
David, I don't know if you are the right person to speak with; however, I am 
looking for detail to explain the substantial increase in insurance related 
cost allocations to ENA for 2001.  We have been given allocation projections 
that increase our expense from $3.9M to $8.0M.  I would like to know how this 
was determined and the nature of these costs (ie) what assets/positions.
If you are not the right person, I apologize for the intrusion and could you 
please pass this on to the right spot.
Dave Delainey
Are you in? Time is a wasting  
Delainey
Shawn Cumberland@_DEVELOPMENT
12/07/2000 04:13 PM
Soaring natgas prices revive interest in coal
December 07, 2000 3:31:00 PM ET
By Andrew Kelly 
HOUSTON, Dec 07 (Reuters) - Soaring prices for natural gas and concerns about 
future supplies are prompting U.S. electricity generators to take another 
look at coal which had fallen out of favor as gas dominated the nation's 
plans for new power plants. 
Wisconsin Electric started the ball rolling in September with plans to build 
two new 600 megawatt coal-fired power plants, the first to be announced in 
the United States in several years. 
Richard Grigg, president of the Wisconsin Energy Corp.(WEC) unit, said the 
decision was a simple matter of prudence and a way to avoid putting all of 
your eggs in one basket. 
"We believe that a strong diversity in your fuel mix is a very important part 
of having a reliable and low cost electricity supply," Grigg told Reuters in 
an interview. 
Although coal accounts for just over half of U.S. electricity production, the 
economic and environmental advantages of modern gas turbines had made the 
decision about how to fuel new power plants something of a no-brainer in 
recent years. 
Consequently, over 90 percent of new plants currently planned in the United 
States are slated to burn natural gas. 
But as natural gas prices soar, hitting all-time highs of over $9 per million 
British thermal units on the New York Mercantile Exchange this week, Grigg 
suspects that other power producers will also take another look at coal. 
"Given increasing gas prices and concern for supply availability, I think 
you're going to see more people look for ways to utilize coal," Grigg said. 
BACK IN THE PICTURE 
Griff Jones, vice-president of power trading at Dynegy Inc. (DYN), said high 
natural gas prices and recent advances in clean combustion technology had put 
coal back in the picture. 
"A year or two ago people wouldn't bring up the subject of developing a coal 
plant. Today there's talk about it," he said. 
For Dynegy, which began as a natural gas marketer and has made the 
convergence of the natural gas and electric power businesses an article of 
faith, that is quite an admission. 
Since the oil price explosions of the 1970s, the share of oil used in U.S. 
power generation has dwindled to around 3 percent. 
Nuclear plants deliver about 20 percent of the nation's electricity but 
construction of new nuclear plants is widely viewed as politically impossible 
following the accidents at Three Mile Island in 1979 and at Chernobyl in 
1986. 
Natural gas currently supplies about 15 percent of U.S. electricity but is 
projected to gain market share steadily due to power generators' enthusiasm 
for the high efficiency and low emissions of the latest "combined-cycle" gas 
turbines. 
Oil and gas industry executives often cite projected growth in U.S. demand 
for natural gas of 30 trillion cubic feet by 2010, much of it fueled by 
increased use of gas for power generation. 
Plans for new gas-fired power plants are based on the assumption that the 
industry will be able to step up to the plate and deliver ever-increasing 
amounts of gas. 
FLAT GAS PRODUCTION 
In recent years, however, U.S. natural gas production has remained stubbornly 
steady around 19 billion cubic feet, augmented by Canadian imports of around 
3 billion cubic feet. 
The recent surge in gas prices has pushed the number of drilling rigs 
currently searching for gas in the United States to unprecedented levels of 
over 800 from just over 600 a year ago. 
But so far, at least, production remains more or less flat as gas producers 
fight the accelerating depletion of mature fields. 
Plans for a pipeline that would tap huge unexploited gas reserves in Alaska 
will alleviate the supply situation, but the gas would only start flowing in 
the second half of this decade. 
Coal, on the other hand, is abundant and readily available: the United States 
has reserves equivalent to well over 200 years of domestic consumption. 
Ray Niles, an analyst with Salomon Smith Barney, estimated in a recent report 
that the United States will need 300,000-400,000 megawatts of new electricity 
generating capacity over the next decade, or somewhere between 800 and 1,000 
new plants. 
Natural gas producers would be hard pressed to supply enough fuel for even 
half of that new capacity, he calculated. 
"Therefore, we think it likely that new coal-fired generating capacity will 
also be necessary to meet demand growth," Niles wrote. "We see no alternative 
fuel capable of producing the necessary power, due to political and time 
constraints 
Wisconsin Electric's Grigg said it might not be long before other power 
generators followed his own company's lead and drew up plans for new 
coal-fired plants. 
"I have heard some rumblings from others that are also recognizing that 
economics as well as supply issues are starting to look more favorable for 
coal," he said. 
, 2000 Reuters 
Guys, I noticed that the corporate tax allocation to ENA has more than 
doubled from 2000 forecast to 2001 plan ie) $1,600,000 from $700,000.  Could 
you please explain.  Our goal which is being met in ENA's direct expense 
groups is to remain flat year or year from 2000 to 2001.
Delainey
Mike, duly noted; however, there will be at this point no change in the scope 
and function of Redmond's group.
Thanks
Delainey
Mike Coleman@_DEVELOPMENT
11/10/2000 12:36 PM
Dave,
Congratulations on an apparently expanded role.  I know you have a lot more 
important issues to deal with at the moment, but will the Enron Americas 
organization result in a change in the role of the technical group and 
resource requirements?   When you have a chance to discuss the implications 
(if any) it might be worth discussing.
Also, on a personal note, if there are new roles associated with the Enron 
Americas org for which I might be qualified, I'd certainly be interested in 
any new opportunities that come about.
Thanks!
Mike
Tim, lets not worry about margin at this point - we are trying to get a 
handle on headcount and direct expenses/capital charge first.  You will have 
your day in court to discuss margin soon.
Delainey
I received the 2001 plan that Dave sent up here.  Chris and I talked and are 
working through all of the questions that Dave had.  I noticed that the gross 
margin plan for west power trading was $170 million.  When you were here I 
talked about $100 million total and then you talked me up to $120 million 
total with $100 from the trading efforts and $20 from middle 
market/services.  Why the change from $120 to $170?  Perhaps it was a 
typo?????  While I intend to make as much money as I possibly can next year, 
the $170 number seemed high.  Particularly given the regulatory freak show 
that is going down in California right now.
Dan, any help would be appreciated - we are very well positioned in the 
Florida market at this point.
Delainey
Janet R Dietrich
11/10/2000 08:11 AM
Hey Dick, I don't want to beat a dead horse here, but I did want to reiterate 
out need for  the GE 7FA's  for our Florida projects. Although I understood 
from you that Goldendale was effectively done, I understand that you haven't 
yet gone through the dash process, so therefore a window of opportunity. We 
are looking to pay up to $40,000,000 for a GE 7FA for Ft. Pierce in addition 
to a commitment on the combined-cycle EPC contract. Our customer at Ft. 
Pierce is heavily engaged in finalizing contracts and will be prepared to 
execute in December. We must be able to commit to them (showing title to the 
que position) by then. 
I'd like you to compare your anticipated earnings on the Goldendale deal with 
earnings from moving this turbine to Florida. The $40 million should give you 
app. $3 million above cost, as well as incremental profits from the EPC 
contract. Also, you should know that we feel the Florida market has 
significant upside potential for Enron from a merchant standpoint and 
anticipate that our first-mover advantage will result in significant earnings.
Please let me know how you think Enron should proceed in comparing the two 
projects. Thanks Dick.
Guys, attached you will find a final cut on the ENA 2001 expense budget Please review and make any adjustments to your existing plan that are 
appropriate to hit the net ENA target.  In order to stay flat year on year, I 
split the remaining positive variance equally across the groups.  As we had 
discussed earlier, these costs will not be allocated to the business units 
and will be tracked on the ENA income statement below the line and the 
accountability managed by each of you.  All outside variable costs, 
specifically related to specific deals, will be charged to the business units 
eg) outside legal and tax, outside technical expertise, facility costs, 
outside research support, incremental back and mid office support for 
specific asset management deals, specific entertainment, etc.  I look at this 
cost structure as the minimum capacity charge we need to operate our business 
and evaluate/manage our risks.
Wes, can you please  finalize the one page plan (expenses and headcount) for 
each group with these changes.
Delainey
rob.milnthorp@ on 11/09/2000 03:51:22 PM
MILNTHORP,PHILLIP R  has suggested reviewers and submitted them for your 
approval.  You may review/modify this list of reviewers by logging on to PEP 
at    and going to Supervisor Services.  Please 
remember, no feedback can be completed on MILNTHORP,PHILLIP R  until you have 
approved the list.
Ike, sorry for the delay, it took us longer to deal with certain issues than 
expected.  I have faxed you a proposal.
Lets discuss at your earliest convenience.
Dave Delainey
Brian, good memo.
Delainey
Guys, I would like you to consider the following people to provide the basis 
of your producer marketing team.  They are being re-deployed out of the 
upstream services group and have significant experience and relationships in 
the producer services market segment.  They can provide mid-market coverage, 
producer outsourcing, well-head purchases, etc.  As per our previous 
discussion, these folks will be your producer team and will provide all ENA's 
products to the segment.  Please keep this confidential - but please speak 
with Jean Mrha.
The names include:
Linda Roberts - director - lead the central region;
Mary Jo Johnson - manager - central region (wait until post HPL sale);
Jill Zivley - director -  lead the east region;
Gary Bryan - director - east region;
Jennifer Martinez - manager - east region;
Bill Brogan - manager - east region;
Kreg Hall - analyst - east region;
Brian Riley - director - east region (wait until post HPL sale).
Both Brian and Mary Jo are inside HPL and if sold would interview with the 
buyer first and then would be available for ENA - lets wait on these folks 
until post sale.  Lets make a strong effort to accomodate these folks given 
their experience and availability. 
Delainey
The EES VP PRC Meeting will be held Wednesday, December 13 from 10:00 a.m 5:00 p.m., in the Regency Room of the Hyatt.
If you have any questions, please contact me at x31738.
Christi, please provide me with a timeline of when you expect to be filing 
protests against each utility.  As well, please ensure that both Kevin and I 
sign off on the filing before it goes out.
Summary of emails detailed below:
Dave Delainey and Kevin Presto have authorized Enron protests of utilities 
seeking to renew their market based rates for power sales.  Enron has already 
filed detailed protests against AEP, Entergy, and Southern Energy Marketing We also plan to file a detailed protest of Hydro Quebec.
Protests of the following utilities will be very short (shown below) stating 
that FERC should condition the continuation of market based rates upon the 
utility joining a valid fully functioning RTO. ((Ameren, FP&L, LGE/KU, 
Cinergy, TXU, VEPCO, and Duke).  Protests will be due over the next few 
months.
Please let me know if you want to receive copies of the protests or drafts CN
Christi L Nicolay
11/08/2000 08:45 AM
Kevin said this looks good w/ these changes:
2nd para;  "Commission an (NOT AND) Open-Access Transmission Tariff"
and last para:  Add after December 15, 2001 deadline  "or if a transmission 
owner does not join a fully functioning RTO that meets all of the 
Commission's requirements" 
This needs to get filed today, if possible, as a request for rehearing in 
Ameren Docket ER00-2687-001.  Note:  There were no interventions or protests 
in this docket and FERC issued a letter order accepting the filing on Nov. 
2.  What is odd and should be pointed out for why we are intervening at this 
time is that there may have been a problem with when or how the notice was 
issued.  Neither Nancy P. or our paralegal Jan saw this notice.  I found it 
after the intervention date.  It is certainly odd that there were no 
interventions in this at all.  One concern for Dan/Joe/Jim:  Since this is 
going in as a late intervention and request for rehearing, what is the 
likelihood of the Commission tossing the whole idea out quickly because of 
the late intervention, which may hurt our overall cause.
Next, this is the list of those utilities that we plan to file this pleading 
in (We are not protesting Xcel/NSP/Pub Serv of Co):
FP&L MAYBE Docket No. 97-3359-003 Protests due 11/20
Cinergy (due in Jan)
TXU (due in Jan)
VEPCO (due next Aug)
Duke (due next Dec)
LGE/KU (due next March)
NOTE:  Kevin wants to do a full blown assessment  against HQ , which is due 
sometime this Nov.  Please keep all eyes out. for the HQ filing.
THANK YOU.
Attached are Dan's comments regarding market-based rates.
- 0133731.01
scott.josey@ on 11/08/2000 11:19:27 AM
JOSEY,SCOTT D  has suggested reviewers and submitted them for your approval You may review/modify this list of reviewers by logging on to PEP at 
and going to Supervisor Services.  Please 
remember, no feedback can be completed on JOSEY,SCOTT D  until you have 
approved the list.
No Meeting This Week
This is a reminder !!!!!  There will NOT be a Friday Meeting November 10, 
2000 
Date:  November 10, 2000  (cancelled)
Friday
Time:   2:30 pm - 4:30 pm
Location:  30C1
Topic:   ENA Management Committee
If you have any questions or conflicts, please feel free to call me (3-0643).
Thanks,
Kay 3-0643
robert.p.virgo@ on 11/07/2000 11:15:18 AM
VIRGO,ROBERT   has suggested reviewers and submitted them for your approval You may review/modify this list of reviewers by logging on to PEP at 
and going to Supervisor Services.  Please 
remember, no feedback can be completed on VIRGO,ROBERT   until you have 
approved the list.
Dorie, as per our discussion. 
For the Friday night speaker, can you give me an idea of price and 
availability for the following:
- Joe Gibbs
- Lou Holtz
- Mike Krzynewski
- Joe Paterno
- James Carville
The topic would be leadership and motivation. 
Delainey
We have been asked to put together a list of home addresses for the executive 
committee to be distributed only among its members in connection with holiday 
greeting card distribution.  If you have no problem being included on this 
list, please forward your home address to me by return email. 
Thank you, 
Katherine Brown
wayne.mays@ on 11/06/2000 05:53:49 PM
MAYS,WAYNE E  has suggested reviewers and submitted them for your approval You may review/modify this list of reviewers by logging on to PEP at 
and going to Supervisor Services.  Please 
remember, no feedback can be completed on MAYS,WAYNE E  until you have 
approved the list.
vkamins@ on 11/06/2000 01:52:36 PM
KAMINSKI,WINCENTY J  has suggested reviewers and submitted them for your 
approval.  You may review/modify this list of reviewers by logging on to PEP 
at    and going to Supervisor Services.  Please 
remember, no feedback can be completed on KAMINSKI,WINCENTY J  until you have 
approved the list.
wayne.mays@ on 11/06/2000 05:53:49 PM
MAYS,WAYNE E  has suggested reviewers and submitted them for your approval You may review/modify this list of reviewers by logging on to PEP at 
and going to Supervisor Services.  Please 
remember, no feedback can be completed on MAYS,WAYNE E  until you have 
approved the list.
"perfmgmt@"<perfmgmt on 10/31/2000 06:48:27 PM
According to our system records, you have not yet logged into the Enron 
Performance Management system (PEP).   As a result your temporary password 
for the PEP system has expired.  Your  User Id and new password are provided 
below.
During the feedback phase you will need to access PEP at 
to suggest reviewers who can provide feedback on 
your performance.  You may also be requested to provide feedback on fellow 
employees, but the system will only be open for feedback until November 17th!
HelpDesk representatives will be available to answer questions throughout the 
process.  You may contact the HelpDesk at:
Houston:  1-713-853-4777, Option 4
London:  44-207-783-4040, Option 4
E-mail:  perfmgmt@
Your  User Id and new PEP password are:
User ID: 90013064
Password: MKDUDTVE
Guys, I assume that you will have a complete headcount and a revised 2001=20
expense/revenue/capital budget available in the next week or so.  I would=20
also like to know what your HR plan might be given these changes.  David=20
Oxley will the help with the HR issues and Wes Colwell with the budget issues.
No turning back gentlemen.  I look forward to great success in the next year.
Frevert, Whalley, Lavo and myself are sitting down to discuss Electrobolt on=20
Tuesday morning - subject to that meeting we have approval to go ahead from=20
Skilling. =20
Delainey
Sent by: Enron Announcements@
On November 8, the Office of the Chairman, issued an important communication,=20
announcing significant organizational changes in Enron's worldwide=20
operations. The purpose of this memo is to share with you the decisions that=20
are underway to restructure  Enron=01,s operations in South America.  The basic=20
organizational framework has been set.=20
As you know, Diomedes Christodoulou and Jim Bannantine will be assuming new=20
responsibilities within Enron. Replacing them will be Orlando Gonzalez and=20
Joe Kishkill, who will become the Co-Presidents of South America, reporting=20
to Dave Delainey and John Lavorato.  They will share overall responsibility;=20
however, Orlando=01,s focus will be on direct sales origination,=20
commercial/government relationships and regulatory issues.  Joe=01,s focus will=20
be on wholesale origination, financial and operating performance and overall=20
country management.  In addition, Orlando will continue as President and CEO=20
of Elektro until its ultimate sale.
The existing, large integrated asset base in South America (excluding=20
Elektro) will be managed and operated by Rebecca McDonald and Jim Hughes in=20
Enron Global Assets, which is part of Enron Wholesale Services under Mark=20
Frevert. Ultimately, there will be very close coordination in both Brazil and=20
Argentina between Enron Americas and Enron Global Assets to ensure that our=20
reputation in South America is protected, our asset positions are being=20
managed prudently and that commercial opportunities surrounding these assets=20
are pursued.
The remaining natural gas and electrical commercial activities in South=20
America will be organized around the highly successful North American network=20
business model.  This model employs people, market making, physical=20
commodities, capital and assets to provide reliable, flexible and high-value=20
products to our customers.  It is people and intellectual capital based and=20
enjoys high rates of return on invested capital.
In the interest of pursuing this strategy, the following teams will report to=20
Joe and Orlando:
=20
The Commercial Origination team will be lead by Brett Wiggs.  The team will =20
focus on covering South American markets, primarily Brazilian and Argentine=20
natural gas and electricity, with the following goals:
? Generating new, innovative, reliable and high value products and services=20
needed by the market by utilizing our commodity, asset and capital=20
capabilities;
? Providing those products and services across South America and across the=20
value chain, including wholesale and retail, based upon the highest value=20
opportunity;
? Finding structural value arbitrages in the South American market and move=20
quickly to capitalize;
? Assisting the Risk Management and Trading organization in managing the=20
overall risk of the organization;
? Managing all new power and asset development opportunities in South America=20
consistent with this strategy, and
? Providing the Risk Management and Trading organization information and deal=20
flow.
The Commercial Origination team will consist of a diverse group of people who=20
work as a single team which bring the required skills including commodity,=20
capital, regulatory, asset, development, market, structuring, deal execution,=20
finance and country knowledge necessary to reach our goals.=20
The Trading and Risk Management team will be headed by Remi Collonges.  The=20
team will continue to develop pricing information and manage the price book=20
for the relevant energy markets in support of the wholesale and direct sales=20
efforts.  Additionally, the team will work toward implementation of actively=20
trading South American energy commodities.  This group will be responsible=20
for managing Enron South America=01,s overall risk and will have a direct=20
reporting relationship with John Lavorato in his role as head of the Americas=20
risk activities.
The Argentine effort will be integrated into the overall South American=20
Commercial Origination and Trading and Risk Management groups; however, we=20
will continue to maintain an Argentine office headed by Michael Guerriero. =20
The goal of the reorganization is to create a flat team oriented organization=20
that is very market and commercially focused.  The following support=20
functions will assist the overall business objectives of the commercial team=20
and will report into Joe and Orlando, plus into their line functions in=20
Houston.  The overall goal is to ensure that the South American business=20
units have an adequate support organization to evaluate opportunities, as=20
well as manage day-to-day business and risk.  Otherwise, the Houston=20
infrastructure will provide resources as needed to manage peak requirements=20
in South America, not unlike other businesses in Enron Americas.
These groups include:
The Government Affairs team, which will be headed by Sergio Assad, will=20
manage the relationships with the relevant regulatory agencies as well as=20
governmental ministries.  The primary regulatory goal will be to facilitate,=20
in the near term, substantive changes to the regulatory rules to allow a=20
functioning wholesale traded market in Brazil and Argentina. Sergio will=20
assume his responsibilities upon completion of the Elektro sale.  During this=20
interim period, Jose Bestard will continue to be in charge of the regulatory=20
function.  Once Sergio makes the transition, he will also report to Rick=20
Shapiro in Enron Government Affairs.
The Finance team will be headed by Britaldo Soares.  The team will manage the=20
interface with Enron Global Finance.  Britaldo will transition from his=20
current duties at Elektro upon completion of the Elektro sale.  Britaldo will=20
also report to Joe Deffner in Enron Global Finance.  Rob Gay will be=20
assisting Britaldo during the transition, while continuing his work on the=20
Cuiaba project.
The Legal team, which will be lead by Randy Young, as general counsel, and=20
John Novak, as deputy general counsel, will manage South America=01,s legal=20
requirements.  Randy and John will also report to Mark Haedicke in Enron=20
Wholesale Services - Legal Department.
Miguel Padron will become Chief of Staff.  Human Resources, Information=20
Technology, Treasury, Accounting & Reporting, as well as Administration will=20
report to Miguel.  This will bring focus to essential, but non-commercial=20
functions, as well as more efficiently manage key matrix reporting=20
relationships with Enron.  Miguel will also report to David Oxley in Enron=20
Wholesale Services =01) Human Resources and Wes Colwell in Enron Wholesale=20
Services =01) Business Analysis and Reporting.
These changes are consistent with Enron's evolving business strategy and=20
reflect our continuing commitment to grow the company by maximizing our=20
financial and intellectual capital.  However, in line with the new=20
organizational structure and the near term potential for business in the=20
region, further budget reductions will be necessary.  People directly=20
affected will be notified shortly.
=20
Enron is committed to continue the successful implementation of its=20
businesses in South America.  We believe that as the markets develop, we are=20
uniquely positioned to leverage Enron=01,s core capabilities and create=20
shareholder value.=20
Kay, can you handle this stuff for me. thxs
Delainey
tammy.r.shepperd@ on 11/03/2000 11:28:55 AM
SHEPPERD,TAMMY R   has suggested reviewers and submitted them for your 
approval.  You may review/modify this list of reviewers by logging on to PEP 
at    and going to Supervisor Services.  Please 
remember, no feedback can be completed on SHEPPERD,TAMMY R   until you have 
approved the list.
Guys, great job - the Canadian office is still the model.
Delainey
Rob Milnthorp
11/02/2000 03:12 PM
Dave/John, we have been awarded the RFP to assume the role of contract 
manager for the Ontario NUG's (some 1700 MW's) for a 3 year term. A 
definitive agmt will  be executed by the end of November. This was a 
high-profile RFP and I think that it confirms our investment in positioning 
ourselves in Ontario.
This was truly a team effort (east/west orig, east trading, legal, 
regulatory) in responding to the RFP with a ton of long days needed in a 
short time-frame. The response to RFP was structured to manage all risks and 
well thought out which ultimately led to our successful bid.
I attach an executive summary that gives further details. If you have any 
questions, please call myself, Paul or Eric.
Milnthorp
Chris, fyi
Rob Milnthorp
11/02/2000 03:12 PM
Dave/John, we have been awarded the RFP to assume the role of contract 
manager for the Ontario NUG's (some 1700 MW's) for a 3 year term. A 
definitive agmt will  be executed by the end of November. This was a 
high-profile RFP and I think that it confirms our investment in positioning 
ourselves in Ontario.
This was truly a team effort (east/west orig, east trading, legal, 
regulatory) in responding to the RFP with a ton of long days needed in a 
short time-frame. The response to RFP was structured to manage all risks and 
well thought out which ultimately led to our successful bid.
I attach an executive summary that gives further details. If you have any 
questions, please call myself, Paul or Eric.
Milnthorp
Mark, fyi and between you and I.  Rob will always do the right thing - he is 
just a little more passionate than the average Enron guy.  Keep trying to 
build those bridges.
Delainey
Rob Milnthorp
11/02/2000 03:57 PM
Dave, I appreciate your comments and I think you make some very valid points. 
thanks, milly
David W Delainey
11/02/2000 12:22 PM
Rob, independent of dotted/solid lines, you already have the primary and 
complete responsibility to manage the office and the business.  At the risk 
of being bold,  I think the undercurrent of your note and your discussions 
with Haedicke over the last couple of days is a matter of absolute control Ownership and passion are important characteristics of our best commercial 
people but so is fostering a diversity of opinions and ideas.  With the back 
and mid office,  the current Enron model is based upon scale and 
standardization which generates tremendous operating leverage.  Further, it 
helps us manage risk and is a board mandated control issue.   In the 
long-run, it is actually less costly (ie) systems that don't work together, 
less transferable human capital, un-managed legal risks, etc. 
A lot of your points are very valid and Haedicke has never and never will get 
in the way of managing commercial business; however, Mark, Wes, Sally, Beth 
et al have a mandate to provide a flexible, scalable but standardized 
delivery mechanism, that manages our risk across the broad empire.  Don't 
quit protecting the business and your people; however, please help accomplish 
some of these goals as well.
In short, I would like to keep the reporting structures the same 
Lets take the earliest opporunity to discuss this.
Delainey
Rob Milnthorp
11/02/2000 09:17 AM
Dave, at the risk of rocking the boat, I would like you to consider the 
following. As you know, with the exception of Origination & Finance, all 
other Canadian departments (Trading, Legal, Ops, Acctg, HR, Govt, & IT) 
report directly to someone in Houston while having a dotted line to me. 
In my mind, this is completely backwards (ie. it should be a solid line to 
me, and a dotted line to their respective counterparts in Houston) for the 
following reasons. First, performance feedback is not communicated to these 
individuals in a timely manner if at all. Even when it is, more times than 
not, it is perfunctory in nature. In fact, I think that feedback is given 
somewhat reluctantly because the manager  in Houston has really no idea 
whether the individual in Canada is doing a good job or not. 
Second, it is sub-optimal. I seem to be spending more and more time dealing 
with issues between the Canadian employee and their respective manager in 
Houston. Many of these conversations revolve around my first point. Case and 
point, we almost lost Laura Scott earlier this year because she was feeling 
unappreciated and felt that her boss had no idea the hours/effort she was 
putting in. And just yesterday, I had a very unsatisfactory phone call with 
Mark Haedicke regarding Peter Keohane. The result - I now have a very 
demotivated lawyer on my hands.
Third, it is costly. Having senior people fly up to Calgary/Toronto to "stay 
in the loop" and to complete performance reviews is both costly from both a 
dollar and time perspective 
Frankly, I'm not looking for more performance reviews to do, but I do think 
its important that staff receive meaningful feedback in a timely fashion. I 
know what these people do - I work with them every day. It is my job to lead, 
inspire, and motivate but lately it feels like it is my job to liase between 
Houston and the employee.
I would appreciate your thoughts on this.
Milnthorp
I stand corrected - we need to DASH everything over $500K 
Delainey
David Gorte
11/02/2000 07:28 PM
Dave,
As of today, the Transaction Approval Process requires that any embedded 
financing over $500,000 needs to be DASHed.  RAC, however, is close to 
finishing a new process for commodity embedded financings--both prepaids and 
tilted swaps--that would not require a full DASH but an abbreviated approval 
document based upon specified credit ratings, financing amounts, and 
maturities for transactions having standard credit documentation.  For 
example, a $25 million, five-year exposure to a AAA counterparty with 
standard documentation is contemplated to be approved via this abbreviated 
approval document.  This abbreviated approval document would only be 
available for transactions meeting these criteria if:  (i) structured 
financing capacity were available, (ii) the funds flow issue created is 
manageable (both (i) and (ii) as confirmed by EGF), and (iii) the pricing met 
a threshold that included the structured financing cost, an appropriate 
credit spread/reserve, and a syndication risk premium.
The abbreviated approval document is intended to expedite the approval of 
relatively straightforward embedded financings where a full DASH is 
impractical or inefficient.  It is presently contemplated that the 
abbreviated approval document could be approved with two signatures:  the 
Originator's and  a RAC signature (either Bill Bradford's or mine), with 
business unit management and EGF receiving weekly updates on transactions 
approved via this document, but I would welcome your thoughts on this.  In 
any event, I will provide you with the proposed abbreviated process by you 
for your review and concurrence before if it is implemented since the 
preponderance of these transactions are expected to be originated by ENA.
Please let me know if you have any questions or comments.
,
Dave
David W Delainey
11/02/2000 09:25 AM
Tim, I would argue that we should pursue this business as long as a) we are 
being adequately compensated for the financing and underlying commodity risk; 
b) we have very good paper; c) we are dealing with solid credits and are 
charging an appropriate risk adjusted cost of capital for the underlying 
financing; d) we have the ability to syndicate the capital or funds flow 
position if needed to manage cash issues and e) that RAC is comfortable that 
we are reaching these goals.
Any imbedded financing or $5M or more should be DASHED.  David, Joe and Mark 
should be your key contacts to ensure we are adequately managing these issues 
but I do not see any fatal flaw in the strategy if priced/managed well and we 
watch the funds flow issues 
Delainey
We have closed the following deals where we deliver power two a muni in the 
short term and get paid back power later on.  These deals have both a 
commodity and a finance portion:
Counterparty    Loan Period  Repayment Period  Amount Financed
Grant County    7/01 to 7/06   7/06   $4.7 million
Grant County    5/01 to 7/06   7/06   $5.7 million
Avista/Kaiser    7/2000   7/2000 to 7/2006   $31.3 million BPA/Kaiser    9/2000   7/2001 to 9/2001   $36 million
Clatskanie    11/2000 to 9/2001 10/2001 to 9/2006  $5 million
Eugene Water and Electric  1/2001 to 3/2002  11/2001 to 4/2002  $4.9 million
Eugene Water and Electric  7/2001 to 12/2002 5/2002 to 12/2002  $7.3 million
We are seeing demand for more of these.  For example, Tacoma City Light is 
looking at $35,000,000 + in this type of structure.  What do you guys need to 
know about this business and how much of an appetite do we have for this?
Jane, we would like to go the Adjustment of Status route.
Delainey
Great job - we all appreciate your management of the situation.  The A&A 
program is our most important asset.
Delainey
Charlene Jackson@
11/02/2000 10:51 AM
Janet and Bruce,
On behalf of the Analyst and Associate Program, I want to take this 
opportunity to let you know what a wonderful job Michelle Parks did while 
recruiting at Cornell.  I don't know whether you are aware but we had an 
interviewer not show up.  He also had not called to cancel.  Michelle was in 
the lobby waiting to leave and became aware of the situation.  Although she 
had pressing business in Houston, she made arrangements to stay so that we 
did not have to cancel the schedule Cornell is one of our core schools and it would have been quite embarrassing 
to cancel a full schedule.
We truly appreciate Michelle selflessness and believe she more than exhibits 
Enron's vision and values.  She should be commended 
Thanks
Charlene Jackson
Great job guys  - keep it coming!
Delainey
Richard Lydecker@
11/02/2000 10:07 AM
We have completed the sale of our Brigham investment for $20.0 million 
(JEDI/ENA).  ENA's net share of the proceeds for $12.5 million.   The 
transaction has been closed and funded and at the book/raptor value.
My metaphor for pulling together liquidation transactions of severely 
distressed assets like Brigham is trying to shield a pencil balanced on its 
point in the midst of a hurricane.  In the case of the Brigham deal the 
hurricane was a Force Five.
Jempy Neyman, who led the transaction, and Brandi Morris, a senior specialist 
in Special Assets, did an outstanding job getting this tough deal done.
The next "balanced pencil" is closing the Basic Energy (Sierra Well Service) 
sale by mid-November.  We're on track:  so far, the hurricane has not  blown 
the pencil away.
Rob, independent of dotted/solid lines, you already have the primary and 
complete responsibility to manage the office and the business.  At the risk 
of being bold,  I think the undercurrent of your note and your discussions 
with Haedicke over the last couple of days is a matter of absolute control Ownership and passion are important characteristics of our best commercial 
people but so is fostering a diversity of opinions and ideas.  With the back 
and mid office,  the current Enron model is based upon scale and 
standardization which generates tremendous operating leverage.  Further, it 
helps us manage risk and is a board mandated control issue.   In the 
long-run, it is actually less costly (ie) systems that don't work together, 
less transferable human capital, un-managed legal risks, etc. 
A lot of your points are very valid and Haedicke has never and never will get 
in the way of managing commercial business; however, Mark, Wes, Sally, Beth 
et al have a mandate to provide a flexible, scalable but standardized 
delivery mechanism, that manages our risk across the broad empire.  Don't 
quit protecting the business and your people; however, please help accomplish 
some of these goals as well.
In short, I would like to keep the reporting structures the same 
Lets take the earliest opporunity to discuss this.
Delainey
Rob Milnthorp
11/02/2000 09:17 AM
Dave, at the risk of rocking the boat, I would like you to consider the 
following. As you know, with the exception of Origination & Finance, all 
other Canadian departments (Trading, Legal, Ops, Acctg, HR, Govt, & IT) 
report directly to someone in Houston while having a dotted line to me. 
In my mind, this is completely backwards (ie. it should be a solid line to 
me, and a dotted line to their respective counterparts in Houston) for the 
following reasons. First, performance feedback is not communicated to these 
individuals in a timely manner if at all. Even when it is, more times than 
not, it is perfunctory in nature. In fact, I think that feedback is given 
somewhat reluctantly because the manager  in Houston has really no idea 
whether the individual in Canada is doing a good job or not. 
Second, it is sub-optimal. I seem to be spending more and more time dealing 
with issues between the Canadian employee and their respective manager in 
Houston. Many of these conversations revolve around my first point. Case and 
point, we almost lost Laura Scott earlier this year because she was feeling 
unappreciated and felt that her boss had no idea the hours/effort she was 
putting in. And just yesterday, I had a very unsatisfactory phone call with 
Mark Haedicke regarding Peter Keohane. The result - I now have a very 
demotivated lawyer on my hands.
Third, it is costly. Having senior people fly up to Calgary/Toronto to "stay 
in the loop" and to complete performance reviews is both costly from both a 
dollar and time perspective 
Frankly, I'm not looking for more performance reviews to do, but I do think 
its important that staff receive meaningful feedback in a timely fashion. I 
know what these people do - I work with them every day. It is my job to lead, 
inspire, and motivate but lately it feels like it is my job to liase between 
Houston and the employee.
I would appreciate your thoughts on this.
Milnthorp
Chris, the numbers are getting pretty large - we are trying to find a 
reasonable cut-off before this turns into an All-Employee meeting at the 
Hyatt.  John and I decided to cut it off based upon who will be wearing large 
visable budgets.  In the West, that includes Tim/Mike for trading; Chris/Greg 
for mid market and yourself for origination.
I hope this rationale will manage your issues.  If we invite Jake I think you 
do have to invite Parquet and McDonald and we just don't have the room.
Lets discuss.
Delainey
fyi
Michael L Miller@
12/08/2000 11:14 AM
In connection with our sale of shares/warrants in FirstWorld Communications 
to TPG Partners III, L.P. earlier this year, ENA engaged Bear, Stearns & Co. 
to assist ENA and Enron Communications as financial advisor and agent.  Kevin 
Garland sent me earlier this week (via Steve Horn) a copy of the 
corresponding engagement letter dated 01-Dec-99 and signed by Garland and 
Horn (and by Richard Lewis of Bear, Stearns).  It stipulates that Bear, 
Stearns shall receive as fee 2% of the aggregate consideration received by 
ENA, or $2,582,351 (plus $25,000 in out of pocket expenses).
Horn and Garland (and our accounting department) have confirmed to me that we 
have not previously paid any fee to Bear, Stearns for this transaction Given the fact that the economics of the deal accrued to the account of ENA, 
it is probably only fair that we pay the fee.  I have instructed Stacy Hardy 
in accounting to wire the money prior to year end.
Sorry to hit you with this so late in the year, but I only found out about it 
two days ago.  Call me if you have questions.
MLM 
Tim, I would argue that we should pursue this business as long as a) we are 
being adequately compensated for the financing and underlying commodity risk; 
b) we have very good paper; c) we are dealing with solid credits and are 
charging an appropriate risk adjusted cost of capital for the underlying 
financing; d) we have the ability to syndicate the capital or funds flow 
position if needed to manage cash issues and e) that RAC is comfortable that 
we are reaching these goals.
Any imbedded financing or $5M or more should be DASHED.  David, Joe and Mark 
should be your key contacts to ensure we are adequately managing these issues 
but I do not see any fatal flaw in the strategy if priced/managed well and we 
watch the funds flow issues 
Delainey
We have closed the following deals where we deliver power two a muni in the 
short term and get paid back power later on.  These deals have both a 
commodity and a finance portion:
Counterparty    Loan Period  Repayment Period  Amount Financed
Grant County    7/01 to 7/06   7/06   $4.7 million
Grant County    5/01 to 7/06   7/06   $5.7 million
Avista/Kaiser    7/2000   7/2000 to 7/2006   $31.3 million BPA/Kaiser    9/2000   7/2001 to 9/2001   $36 million
Clatskanie    11/2000 to 9/2001 10/2001 to 9/2006  $5 million
Eugene Water and Electric  1/2001 to 3/2002  11/2001 to 4/2002  $4.9 million
Eugene Water and Electric  7/2001 to 12/2002 5/2002 to 12/2002  $7.3 million
We are seeing demand for more of these.  For example, Tacoma City Light is 
looking at $35,000,000 + in this type of structure.  What do you guys need to 
know about this business and how much of an appetite do we have for this?
John, this is a Skilling issue - Charlene and myself are going to talk to him 
about several changes in the next couple of weeks.
Delainey
Wow, if Haug spent more time making money than created bull.... in the 
company we would be a $100 stock.
On a different note, I was wondering if someone in your shop could map the 
current A&A process from planning for on-campus recruitment to manager 
promotion  for the typical associate including timeline.  This process 
mapping should be very detailed to give us the greatest insight.
I think radical change is not the answer.  The answer lies in a combination 
of a) slight changes in process; b) increasing participation/ownership at key 
points in the process by certain business units and people; and c) a credible 
key business spokesman or spokespersons co-opting the other units where 
necessary and providing the commercial leadership and representation for the 
program internally. Overall this is a commercial program that needs to meet 
commercial objectives - the closer to the front the better.
The goals of any restructuring are:
a) eliminate the perception that the program is not receptive to the 
business units needs or any bu's perception that they lack ownership for the 
program;
b) increase the quality of the recruits that are brought in and retained;
c) ensure we have the best people in the organization recruiting, selling 
and interviewing;
d) ensure that we have the best commercial training program that firmly 
grounds the associate in the "Enron technology" which include skills in 
market understanding, structuring, finance, logistics and risk;
e) ensure the business units have the ability to identify the outstanding 
talent early and give those people the responsibility necessary to move them 
up the curve quickly (ie) quickly identify the Whalley/Lavorato's in the 
program and, on the flip side, quickly deal with clear non-performance issues;
f) review the effectiveness of the current PRC process as a development, 
retention and performance tool;
g) incorporate mid-year flexibility, internet recruiting techniques, 
non-traditional sources of talent and
h) increase cost effectiveness.
The solutions may include mandated participation by certain business units, 
people and teams, business tracks, etc.
I think a thorough process mapping/tracking can identify (or help me see) the 
key spots for change/modification/ownership that reach these goals with the 
least amount of wholesale change for the sake of change.
I think we need to get back to Jeff not next week but the following week with 
a strawman.
Let me know your thoughts.
Delainey
Charlene Jackson@
10/31/2000 11:36 AM
FYI.  I think this is inappropriate and will speak to Jeff.  Just thought you 
should know.
Charlene
Becky Bruce
10/30/2000 10:55 PM
FYI.
Becky
David Haug@_DEVELOPMENT
10/30/2000 06:03 PM
Here is how the UT candidates fared at Super Saturday. 9 of 17 got offers others are coming to future Super Saturdays). This result is obviously 
disappointing - - -  65% of  the 55 students from all schools got offers.   I 
will be getting more info on why the other 8 were not well received.  If 
anyone thinks a manifest injustice or mistake has occurred let me know Ditto if you think anyone's prior background makes them a candidate for a 
direct hire - - -i.e., not in the associate program.
On the "yeses", please let me know who you would like to follow up on 
and encourage to accept.  We will try to do this by volunteers: more than one 
per student is OK, and each of you should select one or two. When you talk to 
them, get their feedback on Super Saturday and the whole process. If anyone 
wants to call any of the "no's", to commisserate, that's OK too. - - -DLH
Ike, thanks for the letter on Friday.  The team is preparing an analysis on 
where we have flexibility and preparing a response.  We should be able to 
respond before the end of the week.
Thanks
Dave Delainey
David, i agree in principle with this process.  I assume that you and your 
team will implement.  Like we spoke about, I do not see a need to widely 
distribute this through the commercial organization.  I would just implement.
Delainey
David Oxley
09/26/2000 01:55 PM
This would appear to be final draft. Dave/John if you are happy, perhaps you 
can ask Kay or Kim to send out under ENA OTC header to distribution list 
below.
David
Re: Confidential - New Procedures to be introduced by ENA OTC for Exec 
Employment Agreements and Hiring of Commercial Staff Below VP into ENA
Effective immediately we have asked the ENA HR department to implement the 
following changes to procedures to assist us in managing these two very 
important processes, more consistently and effectively:
Hiring of all Commercial Managers or Directors (VP process will remain as is)
Business Unit leads and MD's will remain responsible for developing and 
pursuing speculative talent for their groups and, within their budgets, will 
also remain responsible for managing their overall headcount.
The HR department will continue to support this effort by focusing on 
providing each of you with a flow of speculative resumes which you should 
spend time each week reviewing and providing feedback on so that this 
pipeline can be refined and better targeted.
The interviewing process for all Commercial Managers and Directors should be 
very rigorous and should include at least 2 interviews by VP's in addition to 
the sponsoring Business Unit lead plus a minimum of 3 senior individuals 
within the sponsoring group (ie total of 6 in most cases).
Effective immediately, once the sponsoring group lead has completed their 
interviewing process and would like to extend an offer of employment, the 
candidate must be interviewed by the ENA OTC, before an offer of employment 
will be released by the HR department. No candidates should be referred to 
the ENA OTC for interview before the sponsoring group has concluded and 
resolved  ALL issues surrounding whether they themselves wish to hire the 
candidate.
Since any offer of employment at Commercial Manager or Director will now be 
contingent upon approval by the ENA OTC, candidates expectations should be 
managed to ensure they appreciate this final interview will be necessary.
John Lavorato has agreed to conduct the majority of these interviews, which 
will be co-ordinated via your HR representative. Where the candidate is out 
of town, these will be conducted via telephone.
Executive Employment Agreement Process for Commercial Staff
Effective immediately, the process for identifying and negotiating Executive 
Employment Agreements for Commercial staff at ENA will be modified as follows:
For all Commercial staff, the sponsoring Business Unit lead or Managing 
Director, should agree in principle the need for a contract with John 
Lavorato of the ENA OTC. This request should be by either email or voicemail 
and should include the following information: (1) Name, (2) Level (3) 
Business focus and/or project (4) Their latest 2 PRC results (5) The reason 
or justification for offering them a contract.
In any other instance (ie non-commercial employees), the sponsoring BU lead 
or MD should contact David Oxley, Wholesale Group VP for HR for direction.
Once the ENA OTC has approved in principle the negotiation of a contract, 
your HR representative listed below will assist you in preparing draft 
financial terms on the familiar contract request form.
Before a draft contract will be prepared by the ENA legal team, the financial 
terms (the request form in other words) must be approved by John Lavorato in 
the ENA OTC. In the event of a tight deadline, John may approve the two steps 
described here at 1 and 4 simultaneously by email or voicemail.
Any subsequent changes in terms must also be approved by the ENA OTC before a 
fresh draft will be produced.
The following HR Representatives will assist you with these new procedures:
Power Trading  - Kim Melodick  57273
Gas Trading  - Jeanie Slone  53847
West Power  - Amy Fitzpatrick  Portland
West Orgin  - Amy Fitzpatrick  Portland
East Orgin  - Fran Mayes  37211
M&A, Principle Inv - Dave Hill  34218
Upstream Orig  - Dave Hill  34218  
Capital Services - Dave Hill  34218 
Generation Assets - Dave Hill  34218
Mexico   - Dave Hill  34218 
East Coast Power - Dave Hill  34218
Canada (Trading/Orig) - Dawn Doucet  Calgary
Energy Op's  - Sheila Walton  30649
BAR   - Sheila Walton  30649
Legal   - Sheila Walton  30649
Comp Analysis  - Sheila Walton  30649
Research  - Sheila Walton  30649
Chris, Rob Milnthorp will give you a call to further discuss the 
opportunity.  I would suggest that you find a day over the next couple weeks 
to meet Rob in Calgary to speak in detail about the role, the market and 
expectations.
I appreciate your openess and let me know how I can help 
The Ontario market is one of the best new market opportunities for ENA over 
the next year.
Delainey
Dave:
I would like to put the wheels in motion to investigate the opportunity we 
discussed yesterday 
Although my initial reaction is that I truely enjoy Portland and my current 
position (it's cold in Canada) and believe I can add real value here over the 
next year or two, the opportunitiy to build help build a business and broaden 
my experience with a move to Toronto is positive.  I need more information to 
feel comfortable making this decision.  So, please advise me as to when I can 
contact Paul DeVries and Rob Milnthorp (and who else I should contact) to get 
into the details 
Thanks for the opportunity!
Chris
Kay, please forward to Max Yzaguirre.
The e-mail failed.
Delainey
David W Delainey
07/10/2000 02:31 PM
I would like to thank all of you for putting quality time and effort into 
this important process.  There is nothing more important to ENA than 
attracting and retaining the most talanted and innovative people.
Effectively immediately, written and oral feedback for commercial managers 
and directors can be delivered. As per our discussion, the PRC process is 
primarily a feedback, performance management and staff planning tool.  It 
provides a data point for bonus purposes; however, it is not the only 
determinant.  In the interest of ensuring the most effective performance 
management tool, I would suggest that we implement the following:
a)For employees ranked in the strong and above categories, the ultimate 
ranking should not be communicated and the message should focus on progress 
towards identified commercial goals and objectives and progress towards the 
further development of desirable leadership and commerical capabilities. 
Written and oral feedback should be delivered immediately;
b) For employees ranked in the satisfactory, needs improvement and issues 
category, the ultimate ranking should be communicated to ensure approriate 
documentation of performance and to stimulate a plan to rectify or cure 
performance issues.  For the satisfactory category, the message should focus 
on increasing deal-flow, financial performance and productivity.  The bar is 
always being raised.  For the needs improvement category, the message should 
focus on turning around poor performance over the next six months.  For the 
issues category, the business unit manager should determine, in conjunction 
with your HR rep., the appropriate plan to find a better "fit" in the 
organization or counsel out.  Regardless, the ENA Office of the Chairman will 
require a written plan of action for all employees in the needs improvement 
and issues category from the business unit manager documenting the plan of 
action to rectify performance.
Vice President ranking can not be communicated until after the Enron VP PRC 
currently scheduled for July 31st.  I anticipate a similar process as above 
with our officer feedback process.  Associate and Analyst rankings can not be 
communicated until after the Enron A&A PRC currently scheduled for July 19th.
Other identified action items from the meetings include:
a) the HR group will put together a "profile and performance book" for ENA's 
A&A's to ensure our representatives can augment performance information at 
the July 19th meeting;
b) ENA will be aggressively attempting to retain highest performing A&A's to 
continue rotating within ENA;
c) ENA will be holding an additional "off-cycle" A&A super-saturday for 
Houston and Portland in August to augment our capabilities in this area;
and d) your HR representative is building a pipeline of outside employment 
candidates for your review each week.  Please review these resumes in a 
timely basis and let them know your interest or lack thereof.
Please communicate to your organization as appropriate.
Mark and Dave
Kay, please forward to Scott Josey, John C Thompson and Julie Murray.  I 
could not find them on e-mail.
Delainey
David W Delainey
07/10/2000 02:31 PM
I would like to thank all of you for putting quality time and effort into 
this important process.  There is nothing more important to ENA than 
attracting and retaining the most talanted and innovative people.
Effectively immediately, written and oral feedback for commercial managers 
and directors can be delivered. As per our discussion, the PRC process is 
primarily a feedback, performance management and staff planning tool.  It 
provides a data point for bonus purposes; however, it is not the only 
determinant.  In the interest of ensuring the most effective performance 
management tool, I would suggest that we implement the following:
a)For employees ranked in the strong and above categories, the ultimate 
ranking should not be communicated and the message should focus on progress 
towards identified commercial goals and objectives and progress towards the 
further development of desirable leadership and commerical capabilities. 
Written and oral feedback should be delivered immediately;
b) For employees ranked in the satisfactory, needs improvement and issues 
category, the ultimate ranking should be communicated to ensure approriate 
documentation of performance and to stimulate a plan to rectify or cure 
performance issues.  For the satisfactory category, the message should focus 
on increasing deal-flow, financial performance and productivity.  The bar is 
always being raised.  For the needs improvement category, the message should 
focus on turning around poor performance over the next six months.  For the 
issues category, the business unit manager should determine, in conjunction 
with your HR rep., the appropriate plan to find a better "fit" in the 
organization or counsel out.  Regardless, the ENA Office of the Chairman will 
require a written plan of action for all employees in the needs improvement 
and issues category from the business unit manager documenting the plan of 
action to rectify performance.
Vice President ranking can not be communicated until after the Enron VP PRC 
currently scheduled for July 31st.  I anticipate a similar process as above 
with our officer feedback process.  Associate and Analyst rankings can not be 
communicated until after the Enron A&A PRC currently scheduled for July 19th.
Other identified action items from the meetings include:
a) the HR group will put together a "profile and performance book" for ENA's 
A&A's to ensure our representatives can augment performance information at 
the July 19th meeting;
b) ENA will be aggressively attempting to retain highest performing A&A's to 
continue rotating within ENA;
c) ENA will be holding an additional "off-cycle" A&A super-saturday for 
Houston and Portland in August to augment our capabilities in this area;
and d) your HR representative is building a pipeline of outside employment 
candidates for your review each week.  Please review these resumes in a 
timely basis and let them know your interest or lack thereof.
Please communicate to your organization as appropriate.
Mark and Dave
I would like to thank all of you for putting quality time and effort into 
this important process.  There is nothing more important to ENA than 
attracting and retaining the most talanted and innovative people.
Effectively immediately, written and oral feedback for commercial managers 
and directors can be delivered. As per our discussion, the PRC process is 
primarily a feedback, performance management and staff planning tool.  It 
provides a data point for bonus purposes; however, it is not the only 
determinant.  In the interest of ensuring the most effective performance 
management tool, I would suggest that we implement the following:
a)For employees ranked in the strong and above categories, the ultimate 
ranking should not be communicated and the message should focus on progress 
towards identified commercial goals and objectives and progress towards the 
further development of desirable leadership and commerical capabilities. 
Written and oral feedback should be delivered immediately;
b) For employees ranked in the satisfactory, needs improvement and issues 
category, the ultimate ranking should be communicated to ensure approriate 
documentation of performance and to stimulate a plan to rectify or cure 
performance issues.  For the satisfactory category, the message should focus 
on increasing deal-flow, financial performance and productivity.  The bar is 
always being raised.  For the needs improvement category, the message should 
focus on turning around poor performance over the next six months.  For the 
issues category, the business unit manager should determine, in conjunction 
with your HR rep., the appropriate plan to find a better "fit" in the 
organization or counsel out.  Regardless, the ENA Office of the Chairman will 
require a written plan of action for all employees in the needs improvement 
and issues category from the business unit manager documenting the plan of 
action to rectify performance.
Vice President ranking can not be communicated until after the Enron VP PRC 
currently scheduled for July 31st.  I anticipate a similar process as above 
with our officer feedback process.  Associate and Analyst rankings can not be 
communicated until after the Enron A&A PRC currently scheduled for July 19th.
Other identified action items from the meetings include:
a) the HR group will put together a "profile and performance book" for ENA's 
A&A's to ensure our representatives can augment performance information at 
the July 19th meeting;
b) ENA will be aggressively attempting to retain highest performing A&A's to 
continue rotating within ENA;
c) ENA will be holding an additional "off-cycle" A&A super-saturday for 
Houston and Portland in August to augment our capabilities in this area;
and d) your HR representative is building a pipeline of outside employment 
candidates for your review each week.  Please review these resumes in a 
timely basis and let them know your interest or lack thereof.
Please communicate to your organization as appropriate.
Mark and Dave
Guys the PRC has been moved to 11:00.
Delainey
Rob Milnthorp
06/27/2000 04:35 PM
Dave, it looks like a lot of the people attending the Generation Strategy 
meeting are in conflict with PRC on the 6th. Please advise. thanks, 
Christopher F Calger
06/27/2000 01:46 PM
Yeah,
I think we are in PRC all day starting at 8:00AM. 
Rob Milnthorp
06/27/2000 12:43 PM
Chris, does this not conflict with our PRC duties?
David W Delainey
06/27/2000 12:15 PM
Guys, we are set up for a meeting with the ENA Office of the Chairman to 
discuss ENA's generation strategy and iniatives for Thursday, July 6 th from 
7:30AM to 11:00 AM.  The purpose of the meeting is to get buy -off on the 
strategy and start the approval process (DASH and Board/Skilling) 
specifically for Moore, LV Cogen and Pastoria.
Proposed Agenda:
a) Overview
- overall map
- current turbine book
b) West:   Calger/Parquet
-  Pastoria - DASH and approvals;
- LV Cogen - DASH and approvals;
- Coyote Springs - one page update - fyi;
- PSCo - one page update - fyi;
- other - few pages on future development strategy in west - fyi and 
approvals;
c) Canada:  Milnthorp/LeDain
- Project Moore - DASH and approvals;
- other - few pages on future development strategy in Canada - fyi and 
approvals;
d) East:   Dietrich/Jacoby
- Austin Energy - one page update - fyi;
- Florida project - overall proposal - many pages necessary to get approval 
- fyi and approvals;
- LIPA - one page update - fyi;
- Linden 6 - one page update - fyi;
- other - few pages on future development strategy in east - fyi and 
approvals;
e) Mexico   Yzaguirre
- Monterrey project - couple page update - fyi;
f) Genco   Miller
- overview on "Genco" strategy - fyi.
Delainey
By now, a member of our SAP implementation team should have contacted you 
with information about your role as a timekeeper.  This role is very 
important at Enron.  By using a single time entry system, we will be able to 
gather the information we need to better manage our resources and their 
associated costs.  Time entered impacts payroll, finance and project costs 
real-time.  If time is not entered correctly, payroll, financial reports and 
project costing are negatively impacted.
We are quickly approaching the first SAP time entry deadline of June 30, at 
3:00 p.m., CST.  It is critical that we work together to meet this deadline Within the next day or so, you will receive information from Yvonne Laing, 
our site manager, on what you need to do before June 30th 
Several mechanisms have been put in place to support you during time entry 
periods.  Beginning June 23rd, you can contact the Center of Expertise (COE) 
at (713) 345-4SAP with any questions or problems you are experiencing.
We appreciate your hard work and support to make our SAP implementation a 
success.
Sincerely,
Dave 
This is a reminder for you to please take a minute and select your reviewers 
for the PRC feedback.  Dave is also requesting that you provide a list of 
accomplishments for the past six (6) months. 
Please provide this information to your direct reports as soon as possible 
Thanks in advance for your prompt attention to this matter.  If you have any 
questions, please feel free to call Kay  3-0643.
Thanks,
Kay
-
=20
Sent by: Kay Chapman
As we move into the Spring/Summer of 2000, it is time to turn our attention=20
to the performance review process.  Mid-year is always busy and we have a=20
number of important tasks and projects in process.  While recognizing this,=20
it remains extremely important to take time over the next few weeks to gather=20
necessary information to provide quality and meaningful feedback for our=20
employees, as well as utilize this information during the year end review=20
process.
In the spirit of One Enron, the Performance Review Process (PRC) will be=20
global for Mid-year 2000.  Vice Presidents and above across all operating=20
companies will be reviewed and discussed in a consistent manner with=20
identical criteria.   ENA will review all professional level and above=20
employees.  The timeline and training for the midyear process are outlined at=20
the end of this memo.  Your HR Business Consultant is also available to=20
answer questions.
With   to the Global Functions, review sessions will be led by the=20
Global and/or Corporate Functional heads, and will be designed to calibrate=20
personnel within these areas of expertise.  The Global Functional Review=20
Areas include:
_ NetWorks/Technology
_ Accounting
_ RAC
_ Finance
_ Human Resources
_ Public Relations & Reg Affairs=09G. Whalley
=09R. Causey
=09R.  Buy
=09A. Fastow
=09C. Olson
=09S. Kean
=20
ENA Mid-Year Process:
ENA has received favorable feedback on the review process used for Mid-year=20
and Year-end 1999, and as such, will follow the same general guidelines and=20
process for Mid-year 2000.  The following are key features of the Mid-year=20
2000 process:
o The focus of the feedback will continue to be on the qualitative aspects,=20
as opposed to quantitative.  Toward this end, communication of the employee=01,s=20
explicit ranking will be left to the discretion of the business unit manager.
o Initial discussions with employees regarding their accomplishments, are=20
highly encouraged, prior to the Business Review Meetings.
o Mid-year performance results will be used as baseline performance=20
information for Year-end 2000.
o Creation of 3 standard feedback forms for all peer groups. =20
o Standardization of criteria for all peer groups.
o   Utilization of a consistent 6 gradation rating scale. =20
o All exempt employees will be discussed at Business Review Meetings and=20
placed into one of six categories by peer group.  ENA VP's will be pre-ranked=20
by the ENA Office of the Chairman and Managing Directors prior to the Enron=20
PRC.  Non-exempt (overtime eligible) employees will be evaluated by their=20
supervisors and placed into one of the 6 categories.  The results of the=20
Business Review Meetings will be the final rankings for exempt employees=20
below VP, subject to ENA Office of the Chairman.
o A minimum of two representatives from other functional areas will be=20
required at the Business Review Meetings.  The meetings should otherwise be=20
rescheduled to allow this very important representation to take place.  The=20
nominated individuals are illustrated below.
o The top 5 HR priorities/challenges for 2000 should also be agreed to at the=20
Business Review Meetings.
o Analysts and Associates will be pre-reviewed in a Business Review Meetings=20
based on their current rotation, then cross-calibrated at the Enron Global=20
Analyst and Associate Business Review Meeting.
Peer Groups:
Commercial
Commercial Support
Technical
Specialized Technical
Performance Criteria (for all peer groups):
Innovation/Entrepreneurship
Communication/Setting Direction
Teamwork/Interpersonal
Leadership/Vision/Values=20
Business Instinct
Analytical/Technical
Guidelines:
o Use of multiple sources of input is encouraged (employee, peers, direct=20
reports, internal customers, external customers), as is a self-evaluation
o Employees should recommend 5-10 reviewers to Supervisor and Supervisor=20
should select at least three of the employee=01,s recommendations
o All feedback must be entered via the Performance Management System located=20
on the intranet
o Supervisor should consolidate the feedback, prepare a draft of the=20
Performance Review form and meet with the employee prior to the Business=20
Review meeting
o Final feedback to exempt employee follows the July 28th meeting
o For VP's & MD's, final feedback follows the Enron Executive Committee=20
Meeting
Business Review Meetings / VP Pre-Ranking Committee Meeting=20
Responsibilities / Actions:
The following list represents suggested groups and the individuals=20
responsible for each Business Review Meeting.  Attendees at the meetings are=20
appropriate Supervisors within the Business Unit.  In addition, the Office of=20
the Chairman requires the attendance of two to three other senior level=20
representatives from other Business Units to add external perspective.
Area/Function=09ENA Lead=09Global/Functional Lead*=09Required Non-functional  Attendees
=09=09=09
COMMERCIAL=09=09=09
=09=09=09
Trading=09Presto=09=09Dietrich
=09Shankman=09=09Calger
=09Lavorato=09=09Bowen
=09McClellan=09=09Ajello
=09Hickerson=09=09Delainey
=09Belden=09=09
=09=09=09
Origination=09Redmond=09=09Shankman
=09Dietrich=09=09McClellan
=09Milnthorp=09=09Belden
=09Calger=09=09Presto
=09Donahue=09=09Delainey
=09Bowen=09=09Lavorato
=09Ajello=09=09
=09Duran=09=09
=09Ondarza=09=09
=09Malcolm=09=09
=09Overdyke=09=09
=09Thompson/Josey=09=09
=09Yzaguirre=09=09
=09=09=09
Finance(*)=09Jakubik=09Fastow=09
=09=09=09
COMMERCIAL SUPPORT=09=09=09
TECHNICAL  =09=09=09
SPECIALIZED TECHNICAL=09=09=09
=09=09=09
Legal=09Haedicke=09=09
Research=09Kaminski=09=09
RAC=09Buy=09=09
Technical=09Miller/Parquet=09=09
=09=09=09
Energy Operations (*)=09Beck=09Causey=09Colwell
=09=09=09Oxley
=09=09=09
Business Analysis & Reporting/Tax (*)=09Colwell=09Causey=09Beck
=09Mintz=09=09
=09=09=09
Human Resources (*)=09Oxley=09Olson=09
=09=09=09
Public Relations (*)=09Palmer=09Kean=09
=09=09=09
NetWorks/Technology (*)=09Perlman=09Whalley/McConnell=09
(*) Note:  Global Functional Review meetings to be held for these areas.
ENA VP Pre-Ranking Committee:
Ray Bowen=09Mark Frevert=09Dan Leff (non ENA rep)=09David Oxley
Dave Delainey=09Brian Redmond=09George McClellan=09Mark Haedicke
Janet Dietrich=09Julia Murray=09Jeff Shankman=09Gary Hickerson
Jeff Donahue=09Jere Overdyke=09Marty Sunde (non ENA rep)=09John Lavorato
Outcomes of Business Review Meetings/ VP Pre-Ranking Committee Meetings:
o Calibration of employees into six gradations=20
o Promotion nominations below VP
o Assessment of  the =01&right people in the right jobs=018
o Assessment of gaps for what is needed in the Business Unit (skills,=20
capabilities, training,
experience)
o Top five HR challenges
o Feedback to employees on the results of the meetings, as applicable
Timeline
PEP System Open for Feedback    May 17=20
PEP System Closes for Feedback    June 9=20
Feedback Collection/Initial Employee    May 17-June 12
Discussions  =20
Global Functional Review Meetings   June 12-June 16
ENA Business Review Meetings    June 12-July 25
ENA VP Pre-Ranking Committee Meeting  July 28
Enron Executive Committee meeting   July 31-Aug. 1
As we move into the Spring/Summer of 2000, it is time to turn our attention=20
to the performance review process.  Mid-year is always busy and we have a=20
number of important tasks and projects in process.  While recognizing this,=20
it remains extremely important to take time over the next few weeks to gather=20
necessary information to provide quality and meaningful feedback for our=20
employees, as well as utilize this information during the year end review=20
process.
In the spirit of One Enron, the Performance Review Process (PRC) will be=20
global for Mid-year 2000.  Vice Presidents and above across all operating=20
companies will be reviewed and discussed in a consistent manner with=20
identical criteria.   ENA will review all professional level and above=20
employees.  The timeline and training for the midyear process are outlined at=20
the end of this memo.  Your HR Business Consultant is also available to=20
answer questions.
With   to the Global Functions, review sessions will be led by the=20
Global and/or Corporate Functional heads, and will be designed to calibrate=20
personnel within these areas of expertise.  The Global Functional Review=20
Areas include:
_ NetWorks/Technology
_ Accounting
_ RAC
_ Finance
_ Human Resources
_ Public Relations & Reg Affairs=09G. Whalley
=09R. Causey
=09R.  Buy
=09A. Fastow
=09C. Olson
=09S. Kean
=20
ENA Mid-Year Process:
ENA has received favorable feedback on the review process used for Mid-year=20
and Year-end 1999, and as such, will follow the same general guidelines and=20
process for Mid-year 2000.  The following are key features of the Mid-year=20
2000 process:
o The focus of the feedback will continue to be on the qualitative aspects,=20
as opposed to quantitative.  Toward this end, communication of the employee=01,s=20
explicit ranking will be left to the discretion of the business unit manager.
o Initial discussions with employees regarding their accomplishments, are=20
highly encouraged, prior to the Business Review Meetings.
o Mid-year performance results will be used as baseline performance=20
information for Year-end 2000.
o Creation of 3 standard feedback forms for all peer groups. =20
o Standardization of criteria for all peer groups.
o   Utilization of a consistent 6 gradation rating scale. =20
o All exempt employees will be discussed at Business Review Meetings and=20
placed into one of six categories by peer group.  ENA VP's will be pre-ranked=20
by the ENA Office of the Chairman and Managing Directors prior to the Enron=20
PRC.  Non-exempt (overtime eligible) employees will be evaluated by their=20
supervisors and placed into one of the 6 categories.  The results of the=20
Business Review Meetings will be the final rankings for exempt employees=20
below VP, subject to ENA Office of the Chairman.
o A minimum of two representatives from other functional areas will be=20
required at the Business Review Meetings.  The meetings should otherwise be=20
rescheduled to allow this very important representation to take place.  The=20
nominated individuals are illustrated below.
o The top 5 HR priorities/challenges for 2000 should also be agreed to at the=20
Business Review Meetings.
o Analysts and Associates will be pre-reviewed in a Business Review Meetings=20
based on their current rotation, then cross-calibrated at the Enron Global=20
Analyst and Associate Business Review Meeting.
Peer Groups:
Commercial
Commercial Support
Technical
Specialized Technical
Performance Criteria (for all peer groups):
Innovation/Entrepreneurship
Communication/Setting Direction
Teamwork/Interpersonal
Leadership/Vision/Values=20
Business Instinct
Analytical/Technical
Guidelines:
o Use of multiple sources of input is encouraged (employee, peers, direct=20
reports, internal customers, external customers), as is a self-evaluation
o Employees should recommend 5-10 reviewers to Supervisor and Supervisor=20
should select at least three of the employee=01,s recommendations
o All feedback must be entered via the Performance Management System located=20
on the intranet
o Supervisor should consolidate the feedback, prepare a draft of the=20
Performance Review form and meet with the employee prior to the Business=20
Review meeting
o Final feedback to exempt employee follows the July 28th meeting
o For VP's & MD's, final feedback follows the Enron Executive Committee=20
Meeting
Business Review Meetings / VP Pre-Ranking Committee Meeting=20
Responsibilities / Actions:
The following list represents suggested groups and the individuals=20
responsible for each Business Review Meeting.  Attendees at the meetings are=20
appropriate Supervisors within the Business Unit.  In addition, the Office of=20
the Chairman requires the attendance of two to three other senior level=20
representatives from other Business Units to add external perspective.
Area/Function=09ENA Lead=09Global/Functional Lead*=09Required Non-functional  Attendees
=09=09=09
COMMERCIAL=09=09=09
=09=09=09
Trading=09Presto=09=09Dietrich
=09Shankman=09=09Calger
=09Lavorato=09=09Bowen
=09McClellan=09=09Ajello
=09Hickerson=09=09Delainey
=09Belden=09=09
=09=09=09
Origination=09Redmond=09=09Shankman
=09Dietrich=09=09McClellan
=09Milnthorp=09=09Belden
=09Calger=09=09Presto
=09Donahue=09=09Delainey
=09Bowen=09=09Lavorato
=09Ajello=09=09
=09Duran=09=09
=09Ondarza=09=09
=09Malcolm=09=09
=09Overdyke=09=09
=09Thompson/Josey=09=09
=09Yzaguirre=09=09
=09=09=09
Finance(*)=09Jakubik=09Fastow=09
=09=09=09
COMMERCIAL SUPPORT=09=09=09
TECHNICAL  =09=09=09
SPECIALIZED TECHNICAL=09=09=09
=09=09=09
Legal=09Haedicke=09=09
Research=09Kaminski=09=09
RAC=09Buy=09=09
Technical=09Miller/Parquet=09=09
=09=09=09
Energy Operations (*)=09Beck=09Causey=09Colwell
=09=09=09Oxley
=09=09=09
Business Analysis & Reporting/Tax (*)=09Colwell=09Causey=09Beck
=09Mintz=09=09
=09=09=09
Human Resources (*)=09Oxley=09Olson=09
=09=09=09
Public Relations (*)=09Palmer=09Kean=09
=09=09=09
NetWorks/Technology (*)=09Perlman=09Whalley/McConnell=09
(*) Note:  Global Functional Review meetings to be held for these areas.
ENA VP Pre-Ranking Committee:
Ray Bowen=09Mark Frevert=09Dan Leff (non ENA rep)=09David Oxley
Dave Delainey=09Brian Redmond=09George McClellan=09Mark Haedicke
Janet Dietrich=09Julia Murray=09Jeff Shankman=09Gary Hickerson
Jeff Donahue=09Jere Overdyke=09Marty Sunde (non ENA rep)=09John Lavorato
Outcomes of Business Review Meetings/ VP Pre-Ranking Committee Meetings:
o Calibration of employees into six gradations=20
o Promotion nominations below VP
o Assessment of  the =01&right people in the right jobs=018
o Assessment of gaps for what is needed in the Business Unit (skills,=20
capabilities, training,
experience)
o Top five HR challenges
o Feedback to employees on the results of the meetings, as applicable
Timeline
PEP System Open for Feedback    May 17=20
PEP System Closes for Feedback    June 9=20
Feedback Collection/Initial Employee    May 17-June 12
Discussions  =20
Global Functional Review Meetings   June 12-June 16
ENA Business Review Meetings    June 12-July 25
ENA VP Pre-Ranking Committee Meeting  July 28
Enron Executive Committee meeting   July 31-Aug. 1
Chris, I can assure you that I was not part of the "organization".  Got the 
books - going throough now and I will get back to you.  Keep Avista's feet to 
the fire.  speak with you soon.
Delainey
Christopher F Calger
05/17/2000 10:46 AM
Dave,
Coyote:  BPAmoco flaked so Avista is trying to move forward to take the whole 
deal (some public embarrassment if they dont close since they announced it 
last week).  At the same time, DLJ is bringing in some of the industry 
players that originally expressed interest.  One of those parties that called 
Jake is Orion, so Jake let Don Miller know this.  We will have a handle on 
preliminary feedback from these parties on Friday 
Pastoria and LVCogen:  Deal books should have arrived.  Do you want to meet 
on these?  who would you like to meet with?  Parquet for Pastoria and 
Gilbert/Clark for LVCogen 
Pastoria DASH is being finalized along with the Catalytica DASH.  Pastoria 
costs will be higher given the unwind of the Xonon swap and the fact that 
turbine costs were padded by $9MM for GE's catalytica development costs 
(argument for a value-grab!)
FYI I called Patrick Stevens of Triumph Energy three times...the number I 
called appeared to be an office shared with other companies.  The general 
number's voicemail was full so I have not reached him.
Scott Healy changed his decision and is going to work for Duran.  I dont 
understand his decision but Scott said that the "organization" thought it 
would be a better opportunity in Houston.
Chris
MEETING CANCELLED FOR FRIDAY MAY 19, 2000
This is a reminder !!!!!  There will not be a Friday Meeting today, May 19, 
2000.
Date:  Friday May 19, 2000
Time:  2:30 pm - 4:30 pm
Location: 30C1
Topic:   Combined Staff and Budget Meeting
If you have any questions or conflicts, please feel free to call me (3-0643) 
or Bev (3-7857).
Thanks,
Kay 3-0643
Rob, lets discuss.
Delainey
Dave:
I would like to put the wheels in motion to investigate the opportunity we 
discussed yesterday 
Although my initial reaction is that I truely enjoy Portland and my current 
position (it's cold in Canada) and believe I can add real value here over the 
next year or two, the opportunitiy to build help build a business and broaden 
my experience with a move to Toronto is positive.  I need more information to 
feel comfortable making this decision.  So, please advise me as to when I can 
contact Paul DeVries and Rob Milnthorp (and who else I should contact) to get 
into the details 
Thanks for the opportunity!
Chris
Guys, as part of the new A&A program being rolled out by the ENE Office of 
the Chair, a new Associate and Analyst PRC is being set up.  I have nominated 
you as the six people from ENA to be on this PRC.  You will represent ENA's 
A&A's and participate in the evaluation and ranking across the entire 
company.  This is a very important function - please represent us well.
Delainey
Guys, can you help Phillip out with this, I assume this has something to do 
with the 20/20 deal.  I believe a reserve should have been set up for this 
payment which was only designed to ensure that the transaction was accretive 
to NBPL.
Delainey
Dave,
The back office is having a hard time dealing with the $11 million dollars 
that is to be recognized as transport expense by the west desk then recouped 
from the Office of the Chairman.    Is your understanding that the West desk 
will receive origination each month based on the schedule below.
The Office of the Chairman agrees to grant origination to the Denver desk as 
follows:
October 2000  $1,395,000
November 2000 $1,350,000
December 2000 $1,395,000
January 2001  $   669,600
February 2001  $   604,800
March 2001  $   669,600
April 2001  $   648,000
May 2001  $   669,600
June 2001  $   648,000
July 2001  $   669,600
August 2001  $   669,600
September 2001 $   648,000
October 2001  $   669,600
November 2001 $   648,000
December 2001 $   669,600
This schedule represents a demand charge payable to NBP Energy Pipelines by 
the Denver desk.  The demand charge is $.18/MMBtu on 250,000 MMBtu/Day 
(Oct-00 thru Dec-00) and 120,000 MMBtu/Day (Jan-01 thru Dec-01).  The ENA 
Office of the Chairman has agreed to reimburse the west desk for this expense.
Let me know if you disagree.
Phillip
"perfmgmt@"<perfmgmt on 10/30/2000 07:00:41 PM
Reminder, Enron's Year-End 2000 Performance Management Process has begun!
During the feedback phase you will need to access PEP at 
to suggest reviewers who can provide feedback on 
your performance.  You may also be requested to provide feedback on fellow 
employees, but the system will only be open for feedback until November 17th!
HelpDesk representatives will be available to answer questions throughout the 
process.  You may contact the HelpDesk at:
Houston:  1-713-853-4777, Option 4
London:  44-207-783-4040, Option 4
E-mail:  perfmgmt@
Your User ID & Password for PEP at   are:
User ID: 90013064
Password: WELCOME
Steve, great letter and arguement, I think the more public we can be on this 
one the better.
Thanks
Dave
The attached letter is being delivered this morning to the FERC 
commissioners.  Since the letter concerns a matter currently pending before 
the commission it will also be served on the parties.  We plan to talk to the 
press about it as well.  A number of other companies and organizations are 
also submitting letters and we have helped prepare an EPSA filing which 
focusses specifically on California.  Our best information at this point is 
that the FERC staff report regarding California is generally accurate, and 
therefore, favorable.  While it will mention periodic exercises of market 
power, it is expected to lay blame for California's woes at the feet of 
California's own decisions about market structure.  It is further expected 
that the report will not provide a basis for ordering refunds.  On the other 
hand, the Commission's order (to be considered tomorrow along with the 
staff's report) is expected to at least put refunds on the table for comment 
and to discuss, and perhaps implement, further price caps.  This is just our 
best guess at this point.  the Commission has put special emphasis on putting 
the report and order under wraps until wednesday.
Rosalee Fleming
10/30/2000 06:00 PM
Gregg, please send a hard copy - the pdf file can not be opened on ENA 
systems in Houston.
Thanks
Delainey
Jeff, as per our discussion, this would be a great opportunity for you to 
spend some time with and instill your vision for Enron to the leaders of the 
ENA organization.  I have attached a preliminary agenda which has you 
speaking to the group right after dinner the night of December 14th.  You 
have no time constraint on the length of your talk (ie) whatever you find 
find appropriate in order to get your message across.  I though it might be 
interesting for you to give your vision of Enron's 2001 goals, objectives and 
strategy.  As well, a brief business overview of EES, EBS and Networks may be 
valuable in building connections.
Delainey
Please plan on attending and presenting.
Delainey
David W Delainey
10/30/2000 01:12 PM
Guys, attached you will find a preliminary agenda for the 2000 ENA Offsite As leaders of the organization, you have been invited to participate in a two 
day offsite where business 2001 objectives and strategies for ENA will be 
discussed.  It is scheduled to occur December 14th and 15th at the Venetian 
in Las Vegas.
This is the forum to ensure that your point of view and ideas can be heard 
and incorporated into our plans and iniatives as such I would encourage 
everyone to attend and to stay for the entire period.  In particular, we 
would like everyone to stay over Friday night and leave Saturday morning.
ENA public relations (Dorie) will manage all the logistics including air fare.
Final invitations, details and agenda will follow shortly.
Dave and John
Chris, e-mail didn't pick up your name. You are invited as well.
Delainey
David W Delainey
10/30/2000 01:12 PM
Guys, attached you will find a preliminary agenda for the 2000 ENA Offsite As leaders of the organization, you have been invited to participate in a two 
day offsite where business 2001 objectives and strategies for ENA will be 
discussed.  It is scheduled to occur December 14th and 15th at the Venetian 
in Las Vegas.
This is the forum to ensure that your point of view and ideas can be heard 
and incorporated into our plans and iniatives as such I would encourage 
everyone to attend and to stay for the entire period.  In particular, we 
would like everyone to stay over Friday night and leave Saturday morning.
ENA public relations (Dorie) will manage all the logistics including air fare.
Final invitations, details and agenda will follow shortly.
Dave and John
Here you go.    Sorry, I have Enron Messaging working on it...But here you go 
for now 
Guys, attached you will find a preliminary agenda for the 2000 ENA Offsite As leaders of the organization, you have been invited to participate in a two 
day offsite where business 2001 objectives and strategies for ENA will be 
discussed.  It is scheduled to occur December 14th and 15th at the Venetian 
in Las Vegas.
This is the forum to ensure that your point of view and ideas can be heard 
and incorporated into our plans and iniatives as such I would encourage 
everyone to attend and to stay for the entire period.  In particular, we 
would like everyone to stay over Friday night and leave Saturday morning.
ENA public relations (Dorie) will manage all the logistics including air fare.
Final invitations, details and agenda will follow shortly.
Dave and John
Guys, updates to numbers given discussions at QBR's.
Delainey
pls, forward these to Tammy Sheppherd to incorporate in the ENA OOC reports.
Delainey
sound good mark
thsx
dave
Fran, can you speak to Brian on this issue.
Delainey
Fran L Mayes
10/24/2000 11:34 AM
How do you want the Technical Analysis group handled for yearend PRC?  It is 
my understanding that they report directly to the OOC and as such, will not 
be included in any of the other business unit PRC's (i.e. EIM, East Orig, 
etc.).  Options are:
1. Have a tech analysis prc for the approx. 24 employees (portland and 
houston based) and the ratings are final  (however, who will give ratings for 
Mays and Virgo)
2. We ask one of the commercial teams to allow them to be discussed in their 
meeting (which will give cross  calibration and consensus).
3. Explore the possiblity of including them in a "functional" meeting with 
OEC or EECC?
Please give me your thoughts!
Fran
David, thanks for the people listing.
Wes, we need 1999 and 2000 (including CE) ESA income statements for each 
market in as much detail as possible.   Looking for un-necessary overheads 
and where the income brightspots lie.  We would probably need the ESA 2001 
budget (income, expense, cashflow and capital) for the trading/marketing/EES 
business and the asset/regulated business in seperate formats.  A current 
balance sheet would be helpful as well.
I think it may be appropriate for both of you to join us.
You need to get your Visa issues worked out quickly - Kay can help.
Delainey
David W Delainey
10/28/2000 12:54 PM
Jim,  what ever you think is appropriate.  As far as the weekend, lets just 
play it by ear.
At the meetings, I think it would be helpful to go through the following 
discussions/agenda:
a) review the Brazilian and Argentine gas and power markets - flows, grid, 
participants (bids and offers), assets, pool structures, regulatory and 
political environment, currency and credit challenges, supply and demand historical prices and volumes;
b) review ESA's current regulated/un-regulated assets and generation 
strategy;
c) review ESA current book positions, market views, products and product 
development;
and d) brief review of other S. American markets.
I assume that you will have the Argentines to Brazil for the discussion and 
any one else you think appropriate.
Let me know what I need to do otherwise.
Thanks
Delainey
James M Bannantine@_DEVELOPMENT
10/24/2000 02:44 PM
I would suggest day one in Sao Paulo and day two and three in Rio.  I would 
also suggest the Cesar Park in Rio, better location, although Copacabana 
Palace is more famous and classy hotel.  Trip from Rio to Sao Paulo is like 
from Houston to Dallas, inconsequential, spend the first night in Sao Paulo, 
hotel next to the office, and second night in Rio, travel to Rio on Friday 
morning.  Dave, call to discuss or I'll call you, including what would you 
like to do on Saturday, sightseeing, golf, surfing, work?
I thought this Itinerary might be easier to read.  If you could send me the 
phone number to the Rio de Janeiro office, I would greatly appreciate it.
Also, Dave wanted to know if you could arrange transportation for them.  He 
wants to be sure that we arrange transportation with someone you know.
Thanks very much for your help and please feel free to call me with any 
questions (Kay 713-853-0643).
,
Kay
Jim,  what ever you think is appropriate.  As far as the weekend, lets just 
play it by ear.
At the meetings, I think it would be helpful to go through the following 
discussions/agenda:
a) review the Brazilian and Argentine gas and power markets - flows, grid, 
participants (bids and offers), assets, pool structures, regulatory and 
political environment, currency and credit challenges, supply and demand historical prices and volumes;
b) review ESA's current regulated/un-regulated assets and generation 
strategy;
c) review ESA current book positions, market views, products and product 
development;
and d) brief review of other S. American markets.
I assume that you will have the Argentines to Brazil for the discussion and 
any one else you think appropriate.
Let me know what I need to do otherwise.
Thanks
Delainey
James M Bannantine@_DEVELOPMENT
10/24/2000 02:44 PM
I would suggest day one in Sao Paulo and day two and three in Rio.  I would 
also suggest the Cesar Park in Rio, better location, although Copacabana 
Palace is more famous and classy hotel.  Trip from Rio to Sao Paulo is like 
from Houston to Dallas, inconsequential, spend the first night in Sao Paulo, 
hotel next to the office, and second night in Rio, travel to Rio on Friday 
morning.  Dave, call to discuss or I'll call you, including what would you 
like to do on Saturday, sightseeing, golf, surfing, work?
I thought this Itinerary might be easier to read.  If you could send me the 
phone number to the Rio de Janeiro office, I would greatly appreciate it.
Also, Dave wanted to know if you could arrange transportation for them.  He 
wants to be sure that we arrange transportation with someone you know.
Thanks very much for your help and please feel free to call me with any 
questions (Kay 713-853-0643).
,
Kay
Looks good.
Delainey
D'Arcy, sorry I missed you last week. I am going to be down in Rio mid 
November for some meetings with the S American team. Maybe we can have a 
discussion then?
I would very much like to get your opinion.
Delainey
D'Arcy Carroll@
10/25/2000 04:30 PM
David, I am in Houston for meetings on Thursday afternoon and Friday, Oct 
26-27 
Do you have 30 minutes for me for some discussion on commercial opportunities 
in   to electricity in Brazil, regional natural gas and crude oil and 
products - including some perspective on our present execution capability and 
competitive profile. 
David W Delainey@ECT
10/20/2000 11:12 AM
David, can you point D'Arcy in the right direction in ENA or ESA.
Delainey
D'Arcy Carroll@
10/18/2000 04:14 PM
Sent by: Monica Matias@
I would like to introduce myself for consideration to working within your 
respective groups, but also including some commercial ideas relative to the 
South American region and elsewhere 
I would ask at your convenience for confirmation of your interest, or not, 
and availability for meetings during the week of Oct 16th-20 in Houston 
I am available, in the meantime, to respond to any information you need, 
including clarifying any of my experience at or prior to Enron.
Thank you in advance for any effort extended in my behalf.
Colleen, thanks for the update - as another part of the nat gas value chain, 
traded transportation, with and without EOL should be a priority.  However, I 
think we have to ensure that we have rules and procedures accepted by the 
FERC that will allow the market to work.
Jim, can you ensure that Colleen and Julie have the regulatory support needed 
to ensure that the market gets set up appropriately.
Thanks.
Delainey
Scott Neal told me that you asked recently where we stood on development of a 
transportation market in light of 637.  I would be happy to meet with you and 
let you know in more detail what I have been working on, but here is a quick 
synopsis.
We are putting new transportation products out on EOL--this should be ready 
for December business (assuming Lavo has no objections--I just sent him the 
information on the product).  They are simple products with no computerized 
interaction between EOL and Sitara or EOL and the pipeline bulletin boards 
(which we are still required to post through per the pipeline tariffs Quite honestly, I have no idea how much activity these will generate since 
each product still has the potential for being "biddable" on the pipeline 
EBBs and there is not an easy solution around that.  Also, all completed 
transactions still must be posted on the EBBs and confirmed by the pipelines 
before the deal is actually completed.  This product does not make the 
release process any simpler; however, it does make it more visible by having 
bids and offers out on EOL, where people are more likely to be looking than 
the pipeline EBB.
The vision is to have the entire bidding and confirmation process through the 
EBBs automated, which would encourage a significant increase in trading 
activity for transportation, but there are several important infrastructure 
steps we must take first--you know, minor things like creating a 
transportation position screen in Sitara and getting the pipelines' EDI 
(Electronic Data Interchange) mechanisms in working form.  We are in testing 
with 9 pipelines as of today.
Also, as I'm sure you are aware, Julie Gomez is working with several 
pipelines to put their available IT (interruptible) space out on EOL (the 
last I heard this should happen for January business), and then I understand 
that she plans to work with EOL to allow third parties to put transportation 
bids and/or offers out on EOL in an "Altra-like" system--meaning ENA will not 
always be a party to those transactions 
There are many changes occurring because of Order 637, but the pipelines are 
still going through their compliance filings and there are alot of complaints 
about those filings--which just means more time for implementation.
If you have any questions, please call me at x35514.
Adriana Domingues/SA/Enron Adriana Perrone/SA/Enron@, Adriana=20
Salvia/SA/Enron@, Adriano Pereira/SA/Enron@, Adriano=20
Santos/SA/Enron@, Alexandre Bueno/SA/Enron@, Ana Cristina=20
Santos/SA/Enron@, Andre Salomao/SA/Enron@, Andreia=20
Almeida/SA/Enron@, Annelise Vendramini/SA/Enron@, Antonio=20
Duarte/SA/Enron@, Bernardino Santos/SA/Enron@, Breno=20
Nogueira/SA/Enron@, Carlos Luvizotto/SA/Enron@, Carlos Gustavo=20
Azevedo/SA/Enron@, Cecilia Mercio/SA/Enron@, Christian=20
Krelling/SA/Enron@, Christian Vasconcellos/SA/Enron@, Claudia=20
Brun/SA/Enron@, Claudia de Araujo Bomfim/SA/Enron@, Claudia=20
Lemos/SA/Enron@, Cristiana Mateus/SA/Enron@, Cristiane=20
Ronza/SA/Enron@, Debora Klinger/SA/Enron@, Dilma=20
Lopes/SA/Enron@, Edineth R Santos/SA/Enron@, Edmundo=20
Picucci/SA/Enron@, Eduardo Cancian/SA/Enron@, Eduardo=20
Camara/SA/Enron@, Eliana Marcon/SA/Enron@, Eliane=20
Eusebio/SA/Enron@, Elio Kumoto/SA/Enron@, Elizabeth=20
Serralheiro/SA/Enron@, Emmanuel Rengade/SA/Enron@, Erica=20
Wolf/SA/Enron@, Fabiana Lopes/SA/Enron@, Fernanda=20
Fernandes/SA/Enron@, Fernando Bacellar/SA/Enron@, Flavio=20
Ferrari/SA/Enron@, Flavio Silberberg/SA/Enron@, Francesco M=20
Sirangelo/SA/Enron, Francisco Carneiro/SA/Enron@, Francisco=20
Riggio/SA/Enron, Francy Botaro/SA/Enron@, Franz Coelho/SA/Enron@,=20
Fred Sampaio/Sao Paulo/ELEKTRO, Giovanna Poladian/SA/Enron@, Gisela=20
Schwalm/SA/Enron@, Gisele S Braz/SA/Enron@, Gisele=20
Soares/SA/Enron@, Glauco Palhoto/SA/Enron@, Gustavo=20
Moraes/SA/Enron@, Guy Ishikawa/SA/Enron@, Idel=20
Metzger/SA/Enron@, Isaque Nagata/SA/Enron@, Ivan=20
Padilha/SA/Enron@, Ivan G Rodrigues/SA/Enron@, Joao Carlos=20
Albuquerque/SA/Enron@, Joao Guimaraes/SA/Enron@, Joao=20
Machado/SA/Enron@, Joca Paciello/SA/Enron@, Jose Lucio=20
Reis/SA/Enron@, Jose Salles/SA/Enron@, Jose Anson/SA/Enron@,=20
Joyce Teixeira/SA/Enron@, Juliana Rocha/SA/Enron@, Julie=20
Ramos/SA/Enron@, Katia Cardeano/SA/Enron@, Karla=20
Azevedo/SA/Enron@, Liliana Casey/SA/Enron@, Lindolfo Ernesto=20
Paixao/SA/Enron@, Livia Cabral/SA/Enron@, Luciana=20
Rinaldi/SA/Enron@, Luis Berti/SA/Enron@, Luiz=20
Watanabe/SA/Enron@, Luiz Baccaro/SA/Enron@, Luiz=20
Otavio/SA/Enron@, Luiz Maurer/SA/Enron@, Marcel=20
Mattos/SA/Enron@, Marc Grossmann/SA/Enron@, Marcelo=20
Alves/SA/Enron@, Marcelo Rassekh/SA/Enron@, Marcelo=20
Parodi/SA/Enron@, Marcia Manarin/SA/Enron@, Marcus=20
Stephan/SA/Enron@, Margaret Santos/SA/Enron@, Maria Ines=20
Brunetti/SA/Enron@, Maria Pereira/SA/Enron@, Marianne M=20
Arake/SA/Enron@, Marina Silva/SA/Enron@, Marlene S=20
Muniz/SA/Enron@, Mary Ann Oliveira/SA/Enron@, Mateus=20
Andrade/SA/Enron@, Mervyn Lowe/SA/Enron@, Milena=20
Matone/SA/Enron@, Mina Miyakawa/SA/Enron@, Moacyr=20
Carmo/SA/Enron@, Monica Brissac/SA/Enron@, Monica=20
Matias/SA/Enron@, Murilo Hyai/SA/Enron@, Nadege=20
Araujo/SA/Enron@, Nilson Busto/SA/Enron@, Patricia=20
Dutra/SA/Enron@, Patricia Scholz/SA/Enron@, Paula=20
Oliveira/SA/Enron@, Plinio Prado/SA/Enron@, Regina=20
Oliveira/SA/Enron@, Renata Teke/SA/Enron@, Ricardo D=20
Cunha/SA/Enron@, Ricardo Mucci/SA/Enron@, Ricardo=20
Konishi/SA/Enron@, Ricardo Lisboa/SA/Enron@, Ricardo=20
Szlejf/SA/Enron@, Robert Gross/SA/Enron@, Roberta=20
Luccas/SA/Enron@, Roberto Hukai/SA/Enron@, Roberto=20
Silveira/SA/Enron@, Roberto Schloesser/SA/Enron@, Roderick=20
Blackham/SA/Enron@, Rodrigo Garcia/SA/Enron@, Rosane=20
Fabozzi/SA/Enron@, Sami Arap/SA/Enron@, Samira=20
Ravagnani/SA/Enron@, Sandra Vassel/SA/Enron@, Sergio=20
Nomura/SA/Enron@, Sergio Santos/SA/Enron@, Silvana=20
Granata/SA/Enron@, Simone Noda/SA/Enron@, Sueli=20
Soave/SA/Enron@, Suhail Arap/SA/Enron, Tomas Mohovic/SA/Enron, Tu=20
Ling/SA/Enron@, Vera Elias/SA/Enron@, Walter Lopes/SA/Enron@,=20
Jorge Gumucio/SA/Enron, Orlando Gonzalez/SA/Enron, Britaldo Soares/SA/Enron,=20
Marcia Rezende/SA/Enron, Rejane Pansiera/SA/Enron, Rinaldo Pecchio/SA/Enron,=20
Sergio Assad/SA/Enron, Alfredo Bottone/SA/Enron, Andre=20
Cangucu/ENRON_DEVELOPMENT, Fabio Garcia/NA/Enron, Paulo Squariz/SA/Enron,=20
Ricardo Sassatani/SA/Enron@, Adela Viana Presa/SA/Enron@, Anderson=20
Bastos/SA/Enron@, Andrea Marques/SA/Enron@, Ane=20
Borges/SA/Enron@, Armando Laudorio/SA/Enron@, Carla=20
Santanna/SA/Enron@, Celina Ozorio/SA/Enron@, David=20
Mouta/SA/Enron@, Eduardo Requena/SA/Enron@, Fabio=20
Silva/SA/Enron@, Fernanda Araujo/SA/Enron@, Francisco=20
Panaro/SA/Enron@, Gabrielle Silva/SA/Enron@, Isabel=20
Pojo/SA/Enron@, Joana Alvares/SA/Enron@, Joao=20
Milanez/SA/Enron@, Joao Nelson/SA/Enron@, Jose=20
Garcez/SA/Enron@, Leymir Melo/SA/Enron@, Marcio=20
Goes/SA/Enron@, Orlando Puppin/SA/Enron@, Paula=20
Porto/SA/Enron@, Sergio Cunha/SA/Enron@, Valeria=20
Lima/SA/Enron@, Erik Kingshill/NA/Enron@, Ezequiel=20
Benitez/NA/Enron@, Felipe Ospina/NA/Enron@, Flavia=20
Negrete/NA/Enron@, G G Garcia/NA/Enron@, Gerald L=20
Gobbi/NA/Enron@, Glenn E Matthys/NA/Enron@, Grisela=20
Escamilla/NA/Enron@, Jeremy Dawson/NA/Enron@, Joana Ryan=20
Bekerman/NA/Enron@, John Guidry/NA/Enron@, John R=20
Ayres/NA/Enron@, Joy Oliver/ENRON_DEVELOPMENT@_DEVELOPMENT, Karen E=20
Campos/NA/Enron@, Kathleen Wagner/NA/Enron@, Keith=20
Miceli/Corp/Enron@, Lewis May/SA/Enron@, Lisa B=20
Alderman/NA/Enron@, Lisa Connolly/NA/Enron@, Lisa=20
Wolfe/NA/Enron@, Luly Stephens/NA/Enron@, Lynn Aven/NA/Enron@,=20
Mary Kimball/NA/Enron@, MaryHelen Martinez/NA/Enron@, Mercy=20
Gil/NA/Enron@, Michael Cunningham/NA/Enron@, Michael J=20
Popkin/NA/Enron@, Miguel Padron/NA/Enron, Mike G Smith/NA/Enron@,=20
Molly Bobrow/NA/Enron@, Nancy H Vu/NA/Enron@, Nancy=20
Muchmore/NA/Enron@, Neil Sainsbury-Carter/NA/Enron@, Peter E=20
Weidler/NA/Enron@, Rafael Rangel/NA/Enron@, Rick=20
Hopkinson/NA/Enron@, Rob G Gay/NA/Enron@, Robin L=20
Treadwell/NA/Enron@, Samantha Bryce/NA/Enron@, Sergio=20
Avila/NA/Enron@, Terri Denning/Corp/Enron@, Thach C=20
Phan/Corp/Enron@, Tracee Bersani@ECT, Veronica Perez/NA/Enron@,=20
Yvette Pinero/NA/Enron, Roberto Daniels/NA/Enron, Alberto Carreno/NA/Enron,=20
Andrea Calo/SA/Enron, Ariel Bruch/ENRON_DEVELOPMENT, Bernardo=20
Andrews/ENRON_DEVELOPMENT, Carolina Waingortin/ENRON_DEVELOPMENT, Cecilia=20
Morellato/ENRON_DEVELOPMENT, Cristian Folgar/ENRON_DEVELOPMENT, Diego=20
Hollweck/ENRON_DEVELOPMENT, Eduardo Ojea Quintana/ENRON_DEVELOPMENT, Erica=20
Mestre/SA/Enron, Federico Boveda/SA/Enron, Gabriela Aguilar/SA/Enron,=20
Guillermo Atenor/SA/Enron, Guillermo Canovas/SA/Enron, Guillermo=20
Mulville/SA/Enron, John J Shoobridge/ENRON_DEVELOPMENT, Julian=20
Poole/ENRON_DEVELOPMENT, Julieta Sedarkevich/SA/Enron, Laura=20
Feldman/SA/Enron, Luis Juarros/SA/Enron, Maria Pia Beccaccini/SA/Enron, Maria=20
Fernanda Perez Cometto/ENRON_DEVELOPMENT, Mariana Loaiza/SA/Enron, Mario=20
Aguilar Benitez/SA/Enron, Marisa Pardellas/SA/Enron, Marta Ortiz/SA/Enron,=20
Miguel Cordoba/SA/Enron, Nadia Rodriguez/SA/Enron, Nancy Dominguez/SA/Enron,=20
Pablo Acevedo/SA/Enron, Pablo De Rose/SA/Enron, Patrick=20
Hansen/ENRON_DEVELOPMENT, Rodolfo Freyre/SA/Enron, Santiago=20
Porta/ENRON_DEVELOPMENT, Veronica Leppez/ENRON_DEVELOPMENT, Gustavo=20
Bertocchi/SA/Enron, Carlos Bastos/SA/Enron, Fabian Valle/SA/Enron, Silvia=20
Dalton/SA/Enron, Sara Dorfman/SA/Enron, Maria Belen Salvador/SA/Enron,=20
Leandro Colosqui/SA/Enron, Jorge Lamoure/SA/Enron, Bernardita De=20
Negri/SA/Enron, Maria Jose Minguillon/SA/Enron, Steve Hopper/TRANSREDES, Ray=20
Alvarez/TRANSREDES, Frank M Sugranes/TRANSREDES, John A Hatton/TRANSREDES,=20
Nasim H Khan/TRANSREDES, Denise Almoina/ENRON_DEVELOPMENT, Ernesto=20
Blanco/ENRON_DEVELOPMENT, Mark Provenzano/ENRON_DEVELOPMENT, Ronald=20
Pantin/Ventane/Enron, Miguel Mendoza/ENRON_DEVELOPMENT, Enrique=20
Cadena/HOU/EES, Carlos Alencar/SA/Enron@, Carlos Leme/SA/Enron@,=20
Claudio Camargos/SA/Enron@, Helder Mendes/SA/Enron@, Lauro=20
Perdiz/SA/Enron@, Olga Guerreiro/SA/Enron@, Ricardo=20
Cavalcanti/SA/Enron@, Taciana Amaral/SA/Enron@,=20
Garcia.edi@compagas.com.br, Aamelia@scgas.com.br, Estefano=20
Vaine/SA/Enron@, Jacy Britto/SA/Enron@, Rblima@scgas.com.br, D'Arcy=20
Carroll/SA/Enron@, James M Bannantine/ENRON_DEVELOPMENT, Jose=20
Bestard/ENRON_DEVELOPMENT, Joe Kishkill/SA/Enron@, Jose=20
Linardi/SA/Enron@, Ricky Lynn Waddell/SA/Enron@, Brett R=20
Wiggs/SA/Enron@, Edward E Graham/SA/Enron@, John=20
Novak/SA/Enron@, Vicky Martinez/SA/Enron@, James Joseph=20
Monroe/SA/Enron@, Remi Collonges/SA/Enron@, Michael=20
Guerriero/SA/Enron, Jeff Kabel/SA/Enron, Federico Cerisoli/SA/Enron, David M=20
Rosenberg/SA/Enron@, Maria Ines Granado/SA/Enron, Abraham=20
Moreno/NA/Enron@, Allen W Ueckert/NA/Enron@, Blanca=20
Bollom/NA/Enron@, Brenda Garza-Castillo/NA/Enron@, Brian=20
Swinford/NA/Enron@, Clarissa Cooper/NA/Enron@, Connie F=20
Estrems/NA/Enron@, Danthea Dumayas/NA/Enron@, Darryl S=20
Free/NA/Enron@, Erik Kingshill/NA/Enron@, Ezequiel=20
Benitez/NA/Enron@, Felipe Ospina/NA/Enron@, Flavia=20
Negrete/NA/Enron@, G G Garcia/NA/Enron@, Gerald L=20
Gobbi/NA/Enron@, Glenn E Matthys/NA/Enron@, Grisela=20
Escamilla/NA/Enron@, Jeremy Dawson/NA/Enron@, Joana Ryan=20
Bekerman/NA/Enron@, John Guidry/NA/Enron@, John R=20
Ayres/NA/Enron@, Joy Oliver/ENRON_DEVELOPMENT@_DEVELOPMENT, Karen E=20
Campos/NA/Enron@, Kathleen Wagner/NA/Enron@, Keith=20
Miceli/Corp/Enron@, Lewis May/SA/Enron@, Lisa B=20
Alderman/NA/Enron@, Lisa Connolly/NA/Enron@, Lisa=20
Wolfe/NA/Enron@, Luly Stephens/NA/Enron@, Lynn Aven/NA/Enron@,=20
Mary Kimball/NA/Enron@, MaryHelen Martinez/NA/Enron@, Mercy=20
Gil/NA/Enron@, Michael Cunningham/NA/Enron@, Michael J=20
Popkin/NA/Enron@, Miguel Padron/NA/Enron, Mike G Smith/NA/Enron@,=20
Molly Bobrow/NA/Enron@, Nancy H Vu/NA/Enron@, Nancy=20
Muchmore/NA/Enron@, Neil Sainsbury-Carter/NA/Enron@, Peter E=20
Weidler/NA/Enron@, Rafael Rangel/NA/Enron@, Rick=20
Hopkinson/NA/Enron@, Rob G Gay/NA/Enron@, Robin L=20
Treadwell/NA/Enron@, Samantha Bryce/NA/Enron@, Sergio=20
Avila/NA/Enron@, Terri Denning/Corp/Enron@, Thach C=20
Phan/Corp/Enron@, Tracee Bersani@ECT, Veronica Perez/NA/Enron@,=20
Yvette Pinero/NA/Enron, Roberto Daniels/NA/Enron, Alberto Carreno/NA/Enron,=20
Andrea Calo/SA/Enron, Ariel Bruch/SA/Enron, Bernardo Andrews/SA/Enron,=20
Carolina Waingortin/SA/Enron, Cecilia Morellato/SA/Enron, Cristian=20
Folgar/SA/Enron, Diego Hollweck/SA/Enron, Eduardo Ojea=20
Quintana/ENRON_DEVELOPMENT, Erica Mestre/SA/Enron, Federico Boveda/SA/Enron,=20
Gabriela Aguilar/SA/Enron, Guillermo Atenor/SA/Enron, Guillermo=20
Canovas/SA/Enron, Guillermo Mulville/SA/Enron, John J Shoobridge/SA/Enron,=20
Julian Poole/ENRON_DEVELOPMENT, Julieta Sedarkevich/SA/Enron, Laura=20
Feldman/SA/Enron, Luis Juarros/SA/Enron, Maria Pia Beccaccini/SA/Enron, Maria=20
Fernanda Perez Cometto/SA/Enron, Mariana Loaiza/SA/Enron, Mario Aguilar=20
Benitez/SA/Enron, Marisa Pardellas/SA/Enron, Marta Ortiz/SA/Enron, Miguel=20
Cordoba/SA/Enron, Nadia Rodriguez/SA/Enron, Nancy Dominguez/SA/Enron, Pablo=20
Acevedo/SA/Enron, Pablo De Rose/SA/Enron, Patrick Hansen/SA/Enron, Rodolfo=20
Freyre/SA/Enron, Santiago Porta/SA/Enron, Veronica Leppez/SA/Enron, Gustavo=20
Bertocchi/SA/Enron, Carlos Bastos/SA/Enron, Fabian Valle/SA/Enron, Silvia=20
Dalton/SA/Enron, Sara Dorfman/SA/Enron, Maria Belen Salvador/SA/Enron,=20
Leandro Colosqui/SA/Enron, Jorge Lamoure/SA/Enron, Bernardita De=20
Negri/SA/Enron, Maria Jose Minguillon/SA/Enron, Steve Hopper/TRANSREDES, Ray=20
Alvarez/TRANSREDES, Frank M Sugranes/TRANSREDES, John A Hatton/TRANSREDES,=20
Nasim H Khan/TRANSREDES, Denise Almoina/ENRON_DEVELOPMENT, Ernesto=20
Blanco/ENRON_DEVELOPMENT, Mark Provenzano/ENRON_DEVELOPMENT, Ronald=20
Pantin/Ventane/Enron, Miguel Mendoza/ENRON_DEVELOPMENT, Enrique=20
Cadena/HOU/EES, German Mutis/ENRON_DEVELOPMENT, Adriana=20
Cabrera/ENRON_DEVELOPMENT, Alberto Levy/SA/Enron, Marilyn Rios/Ventane/Enron,=20
Jesus Rivero/SA/Enron, Sandra Lugo/ENRON_DEVELOPMENT, Mark Frevert/NA/Enron,=20
Greg Whalley/HOU/ECT, David W Delainey/HOU/ECT, John J Lavorato/Corp/Enron,=20
Mark E Haedicke/HOU/ECT, Richard Shapiro/NA/Enron, Wes Colwell/HOU/ECT, David=20
Oxley/HOU/ECT, Joseph Deffner/HOU/ECT, Rebecca McDonald/ENRON_DEVELOPMENT,=20
James A Hughes/ENRON_DEVELOPMENT, Nicki Daw/NA/Enron, Kay Chapman/HOU/ECT,=20
Kimberly Hillis/HOU/ECT
On November 8, the Office of the Chairman, issued an important communication,=20
announcing significant organizational changes in Enron's worldwide=20
operations. The purpose of this memo is to share with you the decisions that=20
are underway to restructure  Enron=01,s operations in South America.  The basic=20
organizational framework has been set.=20
As you know, Diomedes Christodoulou and Jim Bannantine will be assuming new=20
responsibilities within Enron. Replacing them will be Orlando Gonzalez and=20
Joe Kishkill, who will become the Co-Presidents of South America, reporting=20
to Dave Delainey and John Lavorato.  They will share overall responsibility;=20
however, Orlando=01,s focus will be on direct sales origination,=20
commercial/government relationships and regulatory issues.  Joe=01,s focus will=20
be on wholesale origination, financial and operating performance and overall=20
country management.  In addition, Orlando will continue as President and CEO=20
of Elektro until its ultimate sale.
The existing, large integrated asset base in South America (excluding=20
Elektro) will be managed and operated by Rebecca McDonald and Jim Hughes in=20
Enron Global Assets, which is part of Enron Wholesale Services under Mark=20
Frevert. Ultimately, there will be very close coordination in both Brazil and=20
Argentina between Enron Americas and Enron Global Assets to ensure that our=20
reputation in South America is protected, our asset positions are being=20
managed prudently and that commercial opportunities surrounding these assets=20
are pursued.
The remaining natural gas and electrical commercial activities in South=20
America will be organized around the highly successful North American network=20
business model.  This model employs people, market making, physical=20
commodities, capital and assets to provide reliable, flexible and high-value=20
products to our customers.  It is people and intellectual capital based and=20
enjoys high rates of return on invested capital.
In the interest of pursuing this strategy, the following teams will report to=20
Joe and Orlando:
=20
The Commercial Origination team will be lead by Brett Wiggs.  The team will =20
focus on covering South American markets, primarily Brazilian and Argentine=20
natural gas and electricity, with the following goals:
? Generating new, innovative, reliable and high value products and services=20
needed by the market by utilizing our commodity, asset and capital=20
capabilities;
? Providing those products and services across South America and across the=20
value chain, including wholesale and retail, based upon the highest value=20
opportunity;
? Finding structural value arbitrages in the South American market and move=20
quickly to capitalize;
? Assisting the Risk Management and Trading organization in managing the=20
overall risk of the organization;
? Managing all new power and asset development opportunities in South America=20
consistent with this strategy, and
? Providing the Risk Management and Trading organization information and deal=20
flow.
The Commercial Origination team will consist of a diverse group of people who=20
work as a single team which bring the required skills including commodity,=20
capital, regulatory, asset, development, market, structuring, deal execution,=20
finance and country knowledge necessary to reach our goals.=20
The Trading and Risk Management team will be headed by Remi Collonges.  The=20
team will continue to develop pricing information and manage the price book=20
for the relevant energy markets in support of the wholesale and direct sales=20
efforts.  Additionally, the team will work toward implementation of actively=20
trading South American energy commodities.  This group will be responsible=20
for managing Enron South America=01,s overall risk and will have a direct=20
reporting relationship with John Lavorato in his role as head of the Americas=20
risk activities.
The Argentine effort will be integrated into the overall South American=20
Commercial Origination and Trading and Risk Management groups; however, we=20
will continue to maintain an Argentine office headed by Michael Guerriero. =20
The goal of the reorganization is to create a flat team oriented organization=20
that is very market and commercially focused.  The following support=20
functions will assist the overall business objectives of the commercial team=20
and will report into Joe and Orlando, plus into their line functions in=20
Houston.  The overall goal is to ensure that the South American business=20
units have an adequate support organization to evaluate opportunities, as=20
well as manage day-to-day business and risk.  Otherwise, the Houston=20
infrastructure will provide resources as needed to manage peak requirements=20
in South America, not unlike other businesses in Enron Americas.
These groups include:
The Government Affairs team, which will be headed by Sergio Assad, will=20
manage the relationships with the relevant regulatory agencies as well as=20
governmental ministries.  The primary regulatory goal will be to facilitate,=20
in the near term, substantive changes to the regulatory rules to allow a=20
functioning wholesale traded market in Brazil and Argentina. Sergio will=20
assume his responsibilities upon completion of the Elektro sale.  During this=20
interim period, Jose Bestard will continue to be in charge of the regulatory=20
function.  Once Sergio makes the transition, he will also report to Rick=20
Shapiro in Enron Government Affairs.
The Finance team will be headed by Britaldo Soares.  The team will manage the=20
interface with Enron Global Finance.  Britaldo will transition from his=20
current duties at Elektro upon completion of the Elektro sale.  Britaldo will=20
also report to Joe Deffner in Enron Global Finance.  Rob Gay will be=20
assisting Britaldo during the transition, while continuing his work on the=20
Cuiaba project.
The Legal team, which will be lead by Randy Young, as general counsel, and=20
John Novak, as deputy general counsel, will manage South America=01,s legal=20
requirements.  Randy and John will also report to Mark Haedicke in Enron=20
Wholesale Services - Legal Department.
Miguel Padron will become Chief of Staff.  Human Resources, Information=20
Technology, Treasury, Accounting & Reporting, as well as Administration will=20
report to Miguel.  This will bring focus to essential, but non-commercial=20
functions, as well as more efficiently manage key matrix reporting=20
relationships with Enron.  Miguel will also report to David Oxley in Enron=20
Wholesale Services =01) Human Resources and Wes Colwell in Enron Wholesale=20
Services =01) Business Analysis and Reporting.
These changes are consistent with Enron's evolving business strategy and=20
reflect our continuing commitment to grow the company by maximizing our=20
financial and intellectual capital.  However, in line with the new=20
organizational structure and the near term potential for business in the=20
region, further budget reductions will be necessary.  People directly=20
affected will be notified shortly.
=20
Enron is committed to continue the successful implementation of its=20
businesses in South America.  We believe that as the markets develop, we are=20
uniquely positioned to leverage Enron=01,s core capabilities and create=20
shareholder value.=20
Roger that - book 'em Dano.
Delainey
Rob Milnthorp
10/27/2000 12:06 PM
Dave, I had a call from Bradford today and he has Buy's sign-off on 
recognizing U.S. $1.1MM credit exposure reduction as a result of our efforts 
on securing a 3rd charge on Beau's assets (additionally, the 3rd charge 
follows the assets with the Murphy credit upgrade). It is important to 
continue to send originators the right signals re credit mitigation and 
therefore I feel it is imperative that we grant the $1.1MM as origination to 
reward those efforts.
Please advise that you are in agreement, and we will book asap. 
Milnthorp
[IMAGE]
David,
?
In anticipation of our meeting at 9 AM this Friday the 27th, I am attaching a 
number of items to give you an overview of our company and our projects. I 
look forward to meeting you.
?
?
,
?
Chuck Brown
President and CEO
Newport Generation
949-475-9570
949-475-9571 (Direct)
949-475-9576 (Fax)
www.newportgen.com
? 
- Palestine Project Description-08-10-00 (short).doc
- Thunderbird Project Description-09-01-00 (short).doc
- Wallula Project Description Abbreviated.doc
- NewGen PR 313withlogo-00.doc
- NewGen Staff PR 9-19-00.doc
- image001.gif
No Meeting This Week
This is a reminder !!!!!  There will NOT be a Friday Meeting October 27, 
2000 
Date:  October 27, 2000
Friday
Time:   2:30 pm - 4:30 pm
Location:  30C1
Topic:   ENA Management Committee
If you have any questions or conflicts, please feel free to call me (3-0643).
Thanks,
Kay 3-0643
Guys, attached you will find the updated orig plan for Q4.  Trading income is 
slim pickings so far ..... we need some key deals of all sizes to close in 
the fourth quarter from your organizations.
Thanks
Delainey
Tim, that will be fine.  This is a discussion topic that I want your input on 
for next year.
Delainey
Could you shed some light on this for me?  What are you looking for?  I'm 
afraid I might lose something as it gets translated from you to Wes to Paula 
to me back to Paula to Wes to you.  Perhaps we can discuss while you are here.
Paula Harris
10/24/2000 09:38 AM
Tim,
Dave Delainey is looking for a target customer list, coverage metrics and 
goal and objectives for each of your teams:
West Power Trading
West Power Mid-Market/Services
West Power Fundamentals/Structuring
Obviously his proposed breakout of your teams (noted above) is different from 
the way we planned them.  For expense purposes, do you want me to add Volume 
Management, Real-Time, Pre-Scheduling and Admins to West Power Trading 
Unfortunately, we have a tight deadline because Delainey is looking for this 
information by the end of the week.  Do you think you can provide this 
information to me by Thursday?  Also, if you could let me know today about 
the expense breakout, I can start working on that now.
Thanks, Paula.
Tim, don't worry about me - it worked out fine.  Just a bad day on the P/L 
side.  Thanks for leading some of these efforts it is often a thankless job.
Delainey
sounds like a great idea
delainey
Guys, I spoke with Mark this morning.  He is very supportive of the structure 
and idea.  I had indicated that he would continue to run the producer 
services business in the West but would also be part of the overall team as 
we plot out strategy in the West.  He wants to stay in Denver which I think 
we should be able to accomodate as long as his group stays integrated into 
the overall team.  I had indicated that we would consolidate market making 
into Houston and Paul Lucci could decide if he wants to continue trading or 
not - if so he needs to move to Houston.
Phillip/Barry, go ahead and start working with Mark as you develop your 
plans going forward.  I will be speaking to Stephanie Miller this week and 
will give the green light with her shortly.
Delainey
Jim, I would start focusing some attention on gas at this point.  When we get 
together I would like to sit down and go through a number of organizational 
re-alignments and what we may want to do on the regulatory front to support 
those businesses.
Delainey
fyi
Dave
Joe Kishkill@
12/06/2000 09:10 PM
Dave,
Short answer is "no".
Long answer:
Has had bad chemistry with some of the folks down there.  Maybe not all his 
fault...I do not have enough data.
He wants to push Brazil as important Wholesale market (ie pulp & paper, ags, 
metals).  I think this is sound and worth looking at.  But I think this 
should be looked at by those groups.  They set their priorities.  If they 
want to pay for him being down there, we can house him and coordinate etc But I am going back to basics with energy and can not afford someone pushing 
something for the good of Enron on my P/L.  Probably narrow minded, but 
hopefully pragmatic on my part.
I used him last to interface with Networks.  He is pretty fast out of the 
chute (market analysis, who's who in country etc.), but then levels off 
before tangible bottom line contribution (during my observation period 
anyway.)
Probably more of a "think tank" guy and the "think tank" ain't in Brazil. 
(especially post reorg)
So is he worth keeping for Enron?  I say yes, in the right role.  (worked for 
Cargill previously with Risk Management experience)  Does he fit with Enron 
Americas in South America?  I say no and have told him as much.
Call if you need more.
Thanks,
Kish
David W Delainey@ECT
12/06/2000 07:01 PM
Joe, do you have a home for this guy - he desperately wants to stay in S. 
America. 
Delainey
Mark Frevert@
12/06/2000 04:31 PM
F.Y.I.  Mark
D'Arcy Carroll
12/04/2000 03:28 PM
Mark/Greg, 
Please confirm your interest and availability to set aside 30 minutes, or so 
Dec 6, 7 or 8, for me in Houston this week.
I am in a final phase of an expat re-assignment or relocation and would like 
to discuss with you:
Enron's pricing, structuring and position-taking capability for South America 
etc.,.. expected to be in place from the year 2000, at least in power in 
Brazil.
Failure/Successes and immediate opportunities in the Enron Brazil and South 
America core (gas, power) and multiple commodity commercial effort(s including e-business/Networks issues.
Finance expertise  - the critical role that functional groups like Enron 
Metals' (Trade and Structure Finance Group) and the Global Markets 
Insurance/Global Risk groups will (need to) play in helping develop critical, 
internal Enron finance, risk assessment and mitigation expertise to support 
the competitiveness and viability of closing commercial transactions in South 
America and elsewhere
My priority to help form and be re-assigned to a "Bundle Products" 
Origination business unit  designed to initiate transactions which 
specifically and formally leverage synergies across Enron Business Units - to 
potentially include in Brazil, at least, power, pulp & paper, steel networks, 
crude and products, and insurance/global risk. 
Please find attatched files which detail some of my ideas for developing the 
core gas and power trading and origination efforts and including the Bundled 
Product unit.   The files were appropriately forwarded to Dave/John. 
I have also attatched my CV should you be interested to review my background 
and experience and  mention, as a reminder, that a meeting is critical in 
potentially determining the outcome of my expat re-assignment or re-location 
process,  needed to be concluded this month, Dec 2000 
Thank you for any efforts extended in my behalf. 
Barry, I have not spoken to Whitt yet - working on this week.
I would suggest that you will need to get a few bright managers/associates to 
manage the mid-market and a couple of more experienced originators (internal 
or external?) to complement.  I would start thinking about how to get that 
done.  I would call Oxley for help if needed.
Delainey
Barry Tycholiz
10/23/2000 09:18 AM
Bench strength is limited....  I have no one ( so far ).  Phillip would like 
to keep Steve South in trading.  I am plotting a move from the central 
desk 
How did your conversations go with the Denver Office 
Jim, lets get together in the next week or so to discuss progress.  In the 
meantime, what are we doing with regard to FERC 637 to ensure that we have 
favourable rules in the trading of natural gas transportation capacity?  Do 
we have a master summary of the RTO proposals submitted last week?
Delainey
Mark, I am not completely sure what the other groups want to do; however, 
assuming a fixed amount of the "internal" legal costs are fairly represented 
by this allocation as ENA's "capacity" charge, you are correct.  This number 
will be in the P/L under your name.  The "outside" legal costs should be 
tracked and controlled and carried at the business unit (by deal) level.   I 
need an estimate of the quarterly "capacity charge" for ENA and an estimate 
of outside legal costs by business unit.
Delainey
Dave:
I have attached the "time allocations" (which are used for inside costs only) 
by attorney to the various business groups.  We can derive the percentage of 
total legal department inside costs from this chart, in order to calculate 
the capacity charge, for ENA and the other wholesale groups and ENW.  We had 
used this chart to bill back to the various business units within ENA, but we 
will stop doing that now per our conversation.  Are you in agreement? 
Mark
Deb Korkmas
10/20/2000 08:53 AM
See attached per your request.  Deb
Deb Korkmas
David, can you point D'Arcy in the right direction in ENA or ESA.
Delainey
D'Arcy Carroll@
10/18/2000 04:14 PM
Sent by: Monica Matias@
I would like to introduce myself for consideration to working within your 
respective groups, but also including some commercial ideas relative to the 
South American region and elsewhere 
I would ask at your convenience for confirmation of your interest, or not, 
and availability for meetings during the week of Oct 16th-20 in Houston 
I am available, in the meantime, to respond to any information you need, 
including clarifying any of my experience at or prior to Enron.
Thank you in advance for any effort extended in my behalf.
Guys, anything you can do to encourage your employees to take a little time 
to participate in the survey would be much appreciated.  This is a valuable 
exercise for the company.
Delainey
Eric Thode@
10/20/2000 07:59 AM
Attached are the Pulse survey results for ENA/EGM/EIM at the end of business 
on Thursday, October 19.  The "up from" figure is versus yesterday's total The total number of employees who received the survey for our organizations 
is 1,884.  If you have any questions, please call me at ext. 3-9053.
Operating Company 
Results by Group 
Commercial - Origination  133 (up from 131)
Energy Operations   133 (up from 126)
Risk Management and Trading 116 (up from 106)
Business Anal. & Reporting/Fin. Ops. 95 (up from 90)
Other/None of the Above  94 (up from 91)
Legal    57 (up from 46)
Gas Assets   39 (up from 37)
Human Resources   31 (up from 30)
Tax    18 (no change)
Technology/IT   16 (up from 14)
Guys, if you or any of you people have interest in attending please contact 
Wendy Roy.
Delainey
EPRM Magazine's ENTERPRISE RISK MANAGEMENT
Houston - 15, 16 & 17th  November
Dear Sir,
Please find attached a programme for our Enterprise Risk Management
Conference for US energy companies.   To attend this valuable conference
return this email/fax directly to me   stating your job title, postal
address and fax number.
I look forward to discussing this with you.
Kind  
WENDY ROY
Tel:+44 (0) 207 484 9890
Fax:+44(0) 207 484 9888
- Enter_tr.pdf
fine
Strike One!
Delainey
John J Lavorato@
10/19/2000 01:28 PM
I think everybody is scared of us.
Mark Frevert
10/19/2000 09:15 AM
F.Y.I.  Mark
Just to inform you of my thoughts if they are applicable.
MFG
We have just completed a one week transfer of trading and e-commerce 
knowledge and experiences with both Houston and London. This had been done to 
better prepare for the launch of EOL Argentina. I wanted to communicate the 
results as a reflection upon any future support or orientation we may deem 
appropriate for our activities.
The North American exchange was technically strong yet lacked any commercial 
depth, experiences or strategies applicable to an emerging energy market. The 
advanced nature of the North American energy market makes it very difficult 
to share experiences and knowledge with Argentina due to the widely different 
states of development and application of business strategies.
The European exchange was well received and very much bi directional. This is 
obviously as a result of being more closely aligned with our current state of 
evolution and in some cases Argentina is actually ahead of Europe. In that 
the Argentina energy market was designed closely in relationship to the UK 
market it is logical we have more in common and can leverage off these 
similar market experiences. Europe embraced the exchange even to the extent 
of holding a company meeting for the presentation of the Argentina business 
experience and corresponding strategy.
I believe we should seek out a stronger tie to Europe in the future and 
foster growth in our relationship to better support, facilitate and grow our 
business 
MFG
Attached is the last ENA Technical Risk Report.  Please update for current 
developments and highlight your changes so that I a can prepare a 
consolidation of your comments.  If there are new investments, please add 
them to the template with appropriate comment.   For example: Fuel Cell 
Energy, Can Gen, and Dais-Analytic Corp.
Thanks in advance for your help.  Please return to me by next Thursday 
October 26 if at all possible.
,
Tammy
713-853-6589
Guys, reference to a) below has to do with the legal budget.
Sorry for the lack of clarity.
Delainey
David W Delainey
10/19/2000 12:33 PM
Guys, notes from the morning meeting.  Please review and comment.
Specific action items:
a) i)further calculation of ENA/Non- ENA capacity charges, ii) estimation of 
outside legal and iii) formulation of charge out/feedback process to the 
business units;
b) need budget/review for competitive analysis, technical and restructuring.
Delainey
Joe, couple of points - a) please check spelling and typos closely and b) in 
the first paragraph of the second page starting "The Commercial 
Origination...." should end with ".... knowledge necessary to reach our 
goals."
Delainey
Joe Kishkill@
12/06/2000 08:12 PM
Dave,
Our final.
Kish
Miguel Padron
12/06/2000 06:56 PM
Joe, Keith disappeared so I made the changes...here is the latest...MP
Jim, hold off until I let you know to go.
Thanks
dave
Guys, notes from the morning meeting.  Please review and comment.
Specific action items:
a) i)further calculation of ENA/Non- ENA capacity charges, ii) estimation of 
outside legal and iii) formulation of charge out/feedback process to the 
business units;
b) need budget/review for competitive analysis, technical and restructuring.
Delainey
Barbara, short of me coming up with the money, it will be next to impossible 
to get this out of either the trading or origination group.  As a significant 
contributor to the PAC and Enron's other adventures, I don't have the room Personally, I also have difficulty making campaign contributions so closely 
linked to specific legislation or policy.  This may not be the answer you 
want; however, I am all ears if you have any ideas on raising these funds.
Delainey
Barbara A Hueter@EES
10/18/2000 01:00 PM
On September 29th I sent you an email regarding requests for personal 
political contributions to Tennessee lawmakers.  If you or any others intend 
to make contributions they need to be handled as soon as possible.   The 
election is less than 3 weeks away and the campaigns are making final 
decisions on media spending.  Attached is a recent plea from our lobbying 
firm in Nashville.
The reason contributions must be personal in Tennessee is because state law 
prohibits contributions from corporations and from political action 
committees that receive financial support from corporations (Enron Corp. 
supports the Enron PAC by paying its expenses such as employee time, office 
materials, etc...).  Tennessee is one of the few states to implement such a 
stringent campaign finance law. 
The decision on whether or not to provide support for key legislators is up 
to the business units with interests in Tennessee. 
If you need further information or would like to discuss this, you can reach 
me at 614-760-7472 or 614-306-4359 (cell Barbara, we are getting tremendous pressure for contributions in these last 
days before the election.  As I have mentioned to you, Enron has been 
referred to specifically by one of the most powerful Senators.  Also, Lt. 
Gov. Wilder's campaign chairman called me in the latter part of last week, 
hoping for significant financial help for end-of-campaign TV buys.  Gif 
Thornton, Robert Gowan, and I are participating heavily; I cannot 
overemphasize the importance of Enron's participation.  The state "money 
crunch" which existed this past year likely will be worse when the General 
Assembly reconvenes (tax collections are coming in below estimates), and all 
existing tax exemptions will be at significant risk.  Please do what you can 
to get some Enron assistance for the candidates which we have discussed now Thanks.  Bill
William R. Bruce
wbruce@stokesbartholomew.com
Stokes Bartholomew Evans & Petree, P.A.
SunTrust Center, 424 Church St., Suite 2800
Nashville, TN 37219-2386
Direct dial telephone: (615)259-1431
Fax: (615)259-1470
Memphis office: (901)525-6781
Smithville office: (615)597-3945
Chris, I would let this fish go.
He has been through the organization too many times.
Delainey
Rodney, if this deal is such a long put why did you push me into this process?
You should have made the call to kill it.
Delainey
Dave, Marty,
In general moving the deal to just a Selkirk deal minimizes a lot of the 
concerns surrounding centralized decision making etc.  The plant manager is 
on board as is Doron Grossman.  As a result the sales part should be largely completed 
but the deal is far from closed.  I believe driving to closure with margin 
with GE in 2000 will be a challenge.  I haved attached some information 
regarding Marte's other questions and would be happy to discuss with the team.
David W Delainey
10/16/2000 09:42 AM
Rodney, from what you told me it sounds like GE is willing to play on the 
Selkirk asset so the sales cycle should be largely completed.  Can you answer 
Marty's other questions?
Delainey
Hi David,
I'll give you a response with the hope of seeing more information that would 
change my mind.  If you are asking for my opinon, it is difficult to be 
supportive of moving ahead on a transaction like this give the fairly 
significant obstacles (these are usually deals killers) that Rodney 
describes.  What I couldn't read into Rodney's write up were other 
undocumented factors that you might change the probability, like: 
Is there an Sr. executive champion that is willing to "influence" the GE 
negotiating team into getting a deal done, even if the terms are less 
desirable than what Rodney laid out as their requirements?
Are the willing to extned the term so that there isn't a capital tail?
Is there any real compelling motivation for this GE Plastics team to change 
from current practice?  Do we know what that is and what the deadline for 
action for change is? 
Could Rodney suggest alternatives to address the obstacles and show the 
potential impact on the margin in the deal Is there some other component of this deal that is so compelling to the 
prospect that we can attach these pieces to that?
Realistically, based on what is written, the deal you are describing sounds 
like it would have a low probability to close, surely in 2000 HOWEVER< if there exenuating circumstances like you feel like we just need to 
win this at all costs, there are values not being calculated that the client 
would recognize, there are senior execs at GE Plastics behind this looking 
for a way to close this, or anything else that is convincing your origination 
team that they have a winner here....then, lets find out what that is and go 
for it.
I wasn't exactly sure what you were asking for.  If it was my opinion, that 
is above.  If it was to put more resource on it to try to make the 
probability go up, I'll be glad to help.  If it is some other, just let me 
know 
I would suggest we just start with trying to get more information from Rodney 
and team regarding why they are convinced this can be contracted for with 
margin in 2000.  I would love to participate and do what we can to make this 
work out, as long as we all agree that there are reasonable approaches to 
raising the probability of victory 
Thanks
David W Delainey@ECT
10/13/2000 09:47 AM
Guys, I would like your opinion on this potential transaction.  This has been 
sold through GE for some time and it is reasonably likely that if we employed 
some additional resources that this could be completed over the next quarter 
or so.
Ultimately, Rodney and his team would like to see EES take control of the 
deal with EIM folks staying involved to ensure continuity and to assist to 
closure. Assuming that the sales process is largely completed, I see some 
value for Enron to take this deal including:
a) $200 M in TCV for 2000;
b) $3 to $5 M in value;
c) GE on our EES resume of companies which will help in future sales to the 
large industrial customers;
and d) provides an "in" to the GE family of companies which could result in 
significant up-sell capability in the future if we provide a quality product.
Delainey
Dave,
The GE Plastics facility is located in Selkirk NY just south of Albany and 
produces polystyrene and polyphenyleneoxide.  The deal value is roughly $4-5 
million NPV of which $3-4 million may be markable income 
The obstacles to closure are:
- the projected savings have gone from 27% to 20% when GE said they wanted 
more
- there is some capital recovery at the end of year ten that GE would have to 
pay us and they are not yet agreeable to,
- the savings include $1 million in O&M savings and it will be very difficult 
to get to closure with them letting us do the O&M
Deal Stats Are:
Electricity  230,000 mwh/yr  $12 million/yr
Steam  430,000 lbs/yr  $3   million/yr
Gas  470,000 mmbtu/yr $2   million/yr
O&M     $3   million/yr
Total     $20 million/yr
10 year contract, total contract value $200 million.
Let me know if you need any further information.
Thanks,
Rodney  
Guys, attached you will find the final plan to meet our origination targets 
for Q4 consistent with our discussions.  It is important that we hit our 
numbers in order for Enron to meet its targets for the year.
Delainey
Guys, Joe Sutton had passed down an opportunity that probably fits your 
capabilities better than ours 
In a nutshell, a consultant on retainer by Mass. General Hospital in Boston, 
part of the Healthcare Partners system, is desiring a steam and electric 
contract.  The steam load could be as high as 500,000 pd of steam and 22 MW 
of power.  I think they are very open to an energy partner to manage all 
their needs perhaps including the six or seven other hospitals that HP 
controls in the nation.
The consultants name is Joe Petrowski (203)451-9747.  I spoke to him 
yesterday afternoon and promised that one of you would be in contact.  Joe is 
a big fan of Enron's and could see the logic of a more robust product like 
the full energy outsourcing versus just a steam agreement.  It may be a good 
lead into the health care segment.
Delainey 
Eric, as per my discussion with Rob, I believe that the site has the most 
value to us given its location and capability.  I would continue to actively 
develop that site for a variety of turbine technologies.  As far as the 
turbines, I would probably exit them in the most opportune manner.
Delainey
REMINDER -----TODAY 3:00 PM
Dave would like to have a strategy meeting next Tuesday  October 17, 2000, 
from 3:00-5:00 pm in room 30C1. No preparation is necessary and it's 
important that each of you plan to attend. 
If you cannot attend, please contact Dave directly 
Laura - Video Conf.
Frank Vickers - - Video Conf.
Barry Tycholiz--  Video Conf.
Guys, what is your plan?
Delainey
Brian Redmond
10/13/2000 12:42 PM
Dave, 
We will either: 
1. Find an acceptable structure for the LIPA PPA (unit contingent - no 
replacement energy risk) and complete the transaction.   LIPA is aware of our 
issues and is considering how they want to proceed.
2. Don't come to terms on the PPA and sell the barges to LIPA - probably the 
best case scenario.
3. Don't come to terms on the PPA and sell the barges to ConEd, Morgan 
Stanley, AES or NRG (we are now in the process of agreeing CAs with these 
parties with respect to an infor memo on the barges/deal), or
4. Let BargeCo keep the barges (technically they still own them now).
The time frame for resolving this is Q4.
,
Brian
David W Delainey
10/11/2000 09:30 AM
Guys, we have the following un-allocated turbines (approximately $100M in 
nominal value):
a) 2 power barges - Brian - $13M
b) 2 ABB 11N1 - Rob- $35M
c) 1 501D5A - Janet/Chris - $25M
d) 1 7EA - Janet/Chris- $20M
All other turbines appear to be allocated to high probability projects Could you please provide me your plan with these units.  I would like to 
flatten out our book (ie) ensure there are good homes for or divest of all 
our existing turbines before we look at purchasing additional units for 2002.
Delainey
Mike, sorry for the delay..... lots going on including low value add in board 
meetings and PRC's.
Lets set up this discussion with the following points:
a) we are not exiting Argentina;
b) we need to right-size the overall organization to fit the business 
opportunity;
c) if possible on the commercial front, I would like to consolidate 
intellectual assets to one location in order to generate greater 
productivity, increased team work, a flatter org chart, real time decision 
making and greater communication;
d) we need to continue to maintain a strong presence (including customer 
coverage) in both markets including an office in Argentina; and
e) I would like to consolidate all non-commercial activity for ESA to Sao 
Paulo.
Ultimately, I would like a very flat, commercially focused trading and 
origination organization (given limited resources) that prioritizes resources 
based on the highest value transactions independent of geography, retail vs 
wholesale or development vs commodity. However, I want to keep a strong 
presence in both markets and understand the language, political and cultural 
issues. I may be asking for my cake and eat it too; however, I believe that 
you guys will find the balance.  There is no need for you to leave Argentina 
- its up to you, Joe and Orlando to determine consistent with the business 
model we are trying to move forward.
Propose to me a plan that manages your concerns but gets us as close to these 
ideals as possible at a cost that is reasonable.  Please work with Joe and 
Orlando as part of this process.
Delainey
The Approval Amount for the Inga DASH has been revised from $98 million to 
$105.25 million to accomodate the potential requirement of having to replace 
existing credit support facilities provided by the seller, A. Ahlstrom, or 
the target, Ahlstrom Development Corporation ("ADC").  Although not explicit, 
this requirment may arise as A.Ahlstrom/ADC attempt to obtain 
"change-in-ownership" consents from partners, lenders and lessors to complete 
Enron's acquisition of ADC.  As we believe that the liklihood of this 
requirement occuring is greatest with regard to 1) and 2) below, the DASH 
reflects the aggregate of these amounts.  The requirement with regard to 3) 
below lies with an ADC subsidiary and should not "reasonably" merit 
replacement by Enron.
This change was reflected in the DASH mailed to the Finance Committee of the 
BoD on 12/05/00.
The potential credit support facilities are detailed as follows:
1)  Panther Creek -- A. Ahlstrom Comfort Letter:  A. Ahlstrom provided a  
"comfort letter" for the benefit of the lenders at the Panther Creek 
project.  Upon acquisition by Enron, the beneficiaries of this comfort letter 
may require that it be replaced by an ENE guaranty.  The comfort letter 
requires A. Ahlstrom to provide up to $1.5 MM in additional equity to the 
project in the event that the project cannot meet its debt service.
Based on the origination team's analysis, the likelihood of an equity call 
related to the comfort letter appears to be minimal given the project  is projected to achieve an average 1.92x debt service coverage 
ratio in the pro forma model
the partnership maintains business interruption insurance
the project can subordinate $2MM in O&M incentive payments annually to meet 
its debt service targets
2)  Panther Creek -- Equity Support Agreements:  ADC, as well the other major 
partner, Constellation, have provided guarantees in favor of the Panther 
Creek project lenders, each with a maximum exposure of $5.75 MM  Equity 
support under this agreement may be called on if the Panther Creek project 
does not meet its debt service requirements.  We believe that these 
obligations should be maintained by ADC and not up-streamed to Enron as Enron 
obligations, however, the consenting parties may disagree.
In the event that Enron is required to provide this support in exchange for 
consent, the origination team believes it is unlikely that the project 
lenders will call on the equity support agreements due to the coverage ratio, 
insurance and payment subordination items discussed above under item 1) above.
3)  Gilberton -- Capital Support Agreement:  Orion Power Company (a 
subsidiary of ADC) has committed to providing a maximum of $1.25 MM in equity 
support to the Gilberton Power Project, in the event that debt service cannot 
be met.  We have not provided for this in the DASH as we believe that these 
obligation should be maintained by Orion and not upstreamed to either ADC or 
Enron as either an ADC or Enron obligation.
The origination team believes that if Enron is called upon to provide this 
credit support, the impact of such would be minimal because:
the agreement expires once project debt is repaid in Dec 2002
the project maintains a cash debt service reserve of $16 MM (and only $32 MM 
of debt reamains outstanding)
pro forma debt service coverage ratios average 1.53x against a target of 1.15x
Given there is minimal expectation the facilities will be drawn upon, RAC 
does not foresee a material impact on the overall project economics.  To the 
extent guarantees or letters of credit are issued, an appropriate cost for 
these guarantees should be deducted from the value of the transaction.
Please let me know if you have any questions with regard to this change.
,
Dennis Vegas@_DEVELOPMENT
10/11/2000 05:25 PM
From November 14-17, Houston will host Gastech 2000, one of the world's 
largest international natural gas, LNG, and LPG conferences.  The conference 
will take place at the George R. Brown Convention Center and is expected to 
attract 3,000 delegates from around the world.
Enron has played a leading role in this conference for many years, and this 
year we will participate as a sponsor and prominent exhibitor.  Several Enron 
executives are speaking or moderating panels at the conference, including 
David Haug, Bill Gathmann, Doug Arnell and Dr Lay 
On Wednesday, November 15, Ken Lay will serve as a keynote speaker at an 
Enron Sponsored luncheon at 12:30 P.M. and we would like to invite you to sit 
at the Enron table.  The dining room is located at the George R. Brown 
Convention Center, Ballroom Level Three.
Please RSVP via e-mail or call me at 5-6442, or Hal Means at 5-5384 if you 
have any questions.  Once we have the guest list finalized, we will provide 
you with details on the location of the entrance to the dining room, a pass, 
transportation/parking and other pertinent details.
Ken, I have taken a look at the material you had sent me on the ARC Northern 
Gas Pipeline Route.  Ultimately, I believe that ARC is looking for certain 
strategic investors to provide founding capital to fund the development of 
this proposal.  To the extent that this is a open access non-discriminatory 
pipe, ENA's opportunity lies in being a shipper to capitalize on basis 
markets or customer transactions that provide attractive risk reward 
characteristics. Other than understanding the potential flows and costs, 
there is probably not much we need to do today given a 2006 start from an ENA 
point of view.
The ARC consortium needs to fund approximately $30M to develop this project The US and Canadian aboriginal groups will receive 33% ownership for $10M the remaining $20M and 67% will be funded by a group of producers, pipelines, 
venture capital and the "organizing group" (40%!!).  Stan Horton, if he 
believes this is a commercial possibility, may want to provide a few million 
of founding capital to the venture in order to preserve him the option to 
participate as an equity holder or operator if this becomes a reality 
Delainey
Rodney, from what you told me it sounds like GE is willing to play on the 
Selkirk asset so the sales cycle should be largely completed.  Can you answer 
Marty's other questions?
Delainey
Hi David,
I'll give you a response with the hope of seeing more information that would 
change my mind.  If you are asking for my opinon, it is difficult to be 
supportive of moving ahead on a transaction like this give the fairly 
significant obstacles (these are usually deals killers) that Rodney 
describes.  What I couldn't read into Rodney's write up were other 
undocumented factors that you might change the probability, like: 
Is there an Sr. executive champion that is willing to "influence" the GE 
negotiating team into getting a deal done, even if the terms are less 
desirable than what Rodney laid out as their requirements?
Are the willing to extned the term so that there isn't a capital tail?
Is there any real compelling motivation for this GE Plastics team to change 
from current practice?  Do we know what that is and what the deadline for 
action for change is? 
Could Rodney suggest alternatives to address the obstacles and show the 
potential impact on the margin in the deal Is there some other component of this deal that is so compelling to the 
prospect that we can attach these pieces to that?
Realistically, based on what is written, the deal you are describing sounds 
like it would have a low probability to close, surely in 2000 HOWEVER< if there exenuating circumstances like you feel like we just need to 
win this at all costs, there are values not being calculated that the client 
would recognize, there are senior execs at GE Plastics behind this looking 
for a way to close this, or anything else that is convincing your origination 
team that they have a winner here....then, lets find out what that is and go 
for it.
I wasn't exactly sure what you were asking for.  If it was my opinion, that 
is above.  If it was to put more resource on it to try to make the 
probability go up, I'll be glad to help.  If it is some other, just let me 
know 
I would suggest we just start with trying to get more information from Rodney 
and team regarding why they are convinced this can be contracted for with 
margin in 2000.  I would love to participate and do what we can to make this 
work out, as long as we all agree that there are reasonable approaches to 
raising the probability of victory 
Thanks
David W Delainey@ECT
10/13/2000 09:47 AM
Guys, I would like your opinion on this potential transaction.  This has been 
sold through GE for some time and it is reasonably likely that if we employed 
some additional resources that this could be completed over the next quarter 
or so.
Ultimately, Rodney and his team would like to see EES take control of the 
deal with EIM folks staying involved to ensure continuity and to assist to 
closure. Assuming that the sales process is largely completed, I see some 
value for Enron to take this deal including:
a) $200 M in TCV for 2000;
b) $3 to $5 M in value;
c) GE on our EES resume of companies which will help in future sales to the 
large industrial customers;
and d) provides an "in" to the GE family of companies which could result in 
significant up-sell capability in the future if we provide a quality product.
Delainey
Dave,
The GE Plastics facility is located in Selkirk NY just south of Albany and 
produces polystyrene and polyphenyleneoxide.  The deal value is roughly $4-5 
million NPV of which $3-4 million may be markable income 
The obstacles to closure are:
- the projected savings have gone from 27% to 20% when GE said they wanted 
more
- there is some capital recovery at the end of year ten that GE would have to 
pay us and they are not yet agreeable to,
- the savings include $1 million in O&M savings and it will be very difficult 
to get to closure with them letting us do the O&M
Deal Stats Are:
Electricity  230,000 mwh/yr  $12 million/yr
Steam  430,000 lbs/yr  $3   million/yr
Gas  470,000 mmbtu/yr $2   million/yr
O&M     $3   million/yr
Total     $20 million/yr
10 year contract, total contract value $200 million.
Let me know if you need any further information.
Thanks,
Rodney  
Marty, no agenda on this one at all.  Given, the change in Enron Industrial 
Markets towards building the paper and steel commodity markets and less so on 
the outsourcing product, I just wanted your opinion on whether this is a deal 
we should do especially given the sales cycle is largely completed.  I 
believe that Rodney and his team want to finish this deal but given other 
priorities they would like to transition the deal to EES.  Ultimately, the 
value (TCV, earnings, up-sell, resume) would benefit Enron more in EES than 
ENA.
Delainey
Dave,
On a more private note, what was the motivation for this note, especially 
copying Frevert and Pai Are we (EES) being uncooerative and your purpose was to raise visibility Can you help me with what your thinking is what you would view as a desirable 
outcome 
Brian, what is the cost basis in these turbines?
Delainey
Jana, I had a late request from the Portland team to nominate a person, I 
don't think that Janet would mind letting them nominate this person.  If I am 
incorrect Janet let me know.
Delainey
Guys, I would like your opinion on this potential transaction.  This has been 
sold through GE for some time and it is reasonably likely that if we employed 
some additional resources that this could be completed over the next quarter 
or so.
Ultimately, Rodney and his team would like to see EES take control of the 
deal with EIM folks staying involved to ensure continuity and to assist to 
closure. Assuming that the sales process is largely completed, I see some 
value for Enron to take this deal including:
a) $200 M in TCV for 2000;
b) $3 to $5 M in value;
c) GE on our EES resume of companies which will help in future sales to the 
large industrial customers;
and d) provides an "in" to the GE family of companies which could result in 
significant up-sell capability in the future if we provide a quality product.
Delainey
Dave,
The GE Plastics facility is located in Selkirk NY just south of Albany and 
produces polystyrene and polyphenyleneoxide.  The deal value is roughly $4-5 
million NPV of which $3-4 million may be markable income 
The obstacles to closure are:
- the projected savings have gone from 27% to 20% when GE said they wanted 
more
- there is some capital recovery at the end of year ten that GE would have to 
pay us and they are not yet agreeable to,
- the savings include $1 million in O&M savings and it will be very difficult 
to get to closure with them letting us do the O&M
Deal Stats Are:
Electricity  230,000 mwh/yr  $12 million/yr
Steam  430,000 lbs/yr  $3   million/yr
Gas  470,000 mmbtu/yr $2   million/yr
O&M     $3   million/yr
Total     $20 million/yr
10 year contract, total contract value $200 million.
Let me know if you need any further information.
Thanks,
Rodney  
Dick, I have signed the DASH. Good job.
One comment, the DASH for Basic particularily the RAC comments was very 
poorly written.  Please keep an eye on this for me.
Delainey
John, I don't get it - are they trading gas and power.   I thought this was=20
your group?
Delainey
We are pleased to announce the following organization changes within Enron=20
Global Markets (EGM).
Larry Lawyer will be joining EGM effective immediately to lead our new=20
finance activities.  In this role, he will work with all commodity products,=20
assets, and teams worldwide to lever our existing businesses with this new=20
focus.  Larry has worked as treasurer and was responsible for 3rd party=20
financing for EBS for the last year.  He has worked for Enron for 4 1/2 years=20
in various positions in the finance area.  He will be reporting to the Office=20
of the Chairman.
Eric Gonzales will be joining the LNG team and will co-head this effort with=20
Rick Bergsieker.  We believe there is significant opportunity in the=20
worldwide LNG markets, and Eric will direct all merchant activity and focus=20
on the Atlantic regions of the world.  He will also manage the LNG shipping=20
book.  Eric is located in the London office and also has responsibility for=20
leading the newly formed Pool Markets origination group reporting to Joe=20
Gold.   =20
Rick Bergsieker has relocated to Dubai, in the UAE.  He is responsible for=20
all Middle East activities and projects, managing the Puerto Rico assets and=20
will co-head the worldwide LNG efforts.  Rick has over 20 years of LNG=20
experience and together, he and Eric will form an outstanding leadership team=20
as we expand Enron=01,s LNG activities around the world.  They both will report=20
to the Office of the Chairman. =20
Jennifer Fraser will come over and develop our market fundamentals group for=20
all products in EGM, much like ENA natural gas and power fundamentals and=20
Intranet pages existing today.  Previously, Jennifer was working in the Mid=20
Market origination group.  Heather Purcell will be joining this group=20
developing the commercial interface for our Intranet page.  Heather was with=20
Azurix, where she worked on the platform interface for their eBusiness=20
initiatives.=20
Gary Hickerson will be chairing our Traders=01, Roundtable.  This new group will=20
be comprised of traders across Enron's wholesale trading and risk management=20
businesses.  This forum will give traders the opportunity to discuss topics=20
important to their individual markets, and to learn and explore other markets=20
in a macro sense.  Also, we will be forming a cross-commodity trading group. =20
Traders who have shown extremely strong and consistent profitability will=20
have the opportunity to join this group and to exploit cross-commodity=20
opportunities with a bias toward structural shifts in markets.  This group=20
will not be involved in customer activity and will execute through our=20
principal desks.   Gary will manage this new group, as well as continuing=20
with his current F/X, Rates, Equity, and Agriculture initiatives.=20
Please join us in congratulating everyone on their new positions. =20
Organization charts outlining the entire EGM organization are available upon=20
request from Cathy Phillips.
Tim, please provide Jana with your choice of person ASAP.
Delainey
Dave,
I am following up on the voicemail I left you on Thursday October 5th, 
requesting a recommendation for a Director to represent Analysts at the final 
2000 PRC.  Due to promotions and additions to the Associate and Analyst 
Programs, we have an additional slot for the Analyst PRC that we would like 
to fill with an ENA participant.  This will keep the distribution throughout 
the business units equitable.  I understand from Charlene that you have asked 
Janet Dietrich to nominate the PRC Rep.
We would like to finalize this by Friday, October 13th in order to load the 
PEP system and communicate to the A/A pool members.  Please forward your 
choice for ENA representation to me by this date or contact me to discuss.
Also, I know that there have been discussions between Terry Bosien, David 
Oxley, Andrea Yowman and others to schedule ENA's pre-rating meeting prior to 
the final A/A PRC which has been scheduled for December 12th and 13th.  We 
must have the pre-ratings loaded into the PEP system prior to these dates and 
hope they can be final by November 30th.  These results are imperative to a 
successful cross-calibration in the final PRC meeting.  We already have dates 
set for the EES and ESA meetings.  I will be glad to attend the Associate and 
Analyst piece of ENA's PRC meetings to assist in facilitation.  Please advise 
when the ENA pre-rating meeting is scheduled.  Thank you for your cooperation.
Joe, do you have a home for this guy - he desperately wants to stay in S. 
America. 
Delainey
Mark Frevert@
12/06/2000 04:31 PM
F.Y.I.  Mark
D'Arcy Carroll
12/04/2000 03:28 PM
Mark/Greg, 
Please confirm your interest and availability to set aside 30 minutes, or so 
Dec 6, 7 or 8, for me in Houston this week.
I am in a final phase of an expat re-assignment or relocation and would like 
to discuss with you:
Enron's pricing, structuring and position-taking capability for South America 
etc.,.. expected to be in place from the year 2000, at least in power in 
Brazil.
Failure/Successes and immediate opportunities in the Enron Brazil and South 
America core (gas, power) and multiple commodity commercial effort(s including e-business/Networks issues.
Finance expertise  - the critical role that functional groups like Enron 
Metals' (Trade and Structure Finance Group) and the Global Markets 
Insurance/Global Risk groups will (need to) play in helping develop critical, 
internal Enron finance, risk assessment and mitigation expertise to support 
the competitiveness and viability of closing commercial transactions in South 
America and elsewhere
My priority to help form and be re-assigned to a "Bundle Products" 
Origination business unit  designed to initiate transactions which 
specifically and formally leverage synergies across Enron Business Units - to 
potentially include in Brazil, at least, power, pulp & paper, steel networks, 
crude and products, and insurance/global risk. 
Please find attatched files which detail some of my ideas for developing the 
core gas and power trading and origination efforts and including the Bundled 
Product unit.   The files were appropriately forwarded to Dave/John. 
I have also attatched my CV should you be interested to review my background 
and experience and  mention, as a reminder, that a meeting is critical in 
potentially determining the outcome of my expat re-assignment or re-location 
process,  needed to be concluded this month, Dec 2000 
Thank you for any efforts extended in my behalf. 
Tim, it is all yours please communicate ASAP to Jana Jovanni in the A&A 
program.
Delainey
I have heard that ENA has one more slot for the AA prc.  Chris and I spoke 
this morning and think that someone from the Portland office ought to 
participate in this process.  Can we have one slot?
This is a reminder that your QBR has been scheduled for  Monday October 23, 
2000 
Date:  Monday 
October 23, 2000
Time:  9:00 - 11:00am
Location 3321
Topic:  QBR
If you have any questions, please feel free to call me.
Thanks,
Kay
This is a reminder that your QBR has been scheduled for  Monday October 23, 
2000, in conf room 3321   Please be prepared to discussed:
A) QBR
l.  Portfolio Review-Raptor/Non Raptor
B) 2001 Business Plan
If you have any questions/conflicts, please feel to contact me at 853-0643.
Thanks,
Kay
Guys, we have the following un-allocated turbines (approximately $100M in 
nominal value):
a) 2 power barges - Brian - $13M
b) 2 ABB 11N1 - Rob- $35M
c) 1 501D5A - Janet/Chris - $25M
d) 1 7EA - Janet/Chris- $20M
All other turbines appear to be allocated to high probability projects Could you please provide me your plan with these units.  I would like to 
flatten out our book (ie) ensure there are good homes for or divest of all 
our existing turbines before we look at purchasing additional units for 2002.
Delainey
Janet, what is the status of this turbine - would we be able to turn it back 
in exchange for foregoing on the ld's?  Or do we want this turbine?
Delainey
FYI....Jeff
Rick Bergsieker@_DEVELOPMENT
10/08/2000 09:22 AM
You had asked for clarification regarding the status of our SADAF bid and how 
the 501D turbine that Delaney wants may impact us.
Our bid, along with bids from others, are still under evaluation by SADAF We expect to learn about SADAF's decision through informal channels within 
two weeks, but a formal announcement from SADAF will probably not be 
forthcoming for another month or so. If we win the bid, we enter into PPA 
negotiations that could take about six months to finish.  Until the PPA is 
signed, we wouldn't know for certain that we had clinched the deal.
We were aware of Delaney's possible need for the turbine when we bid SADAF, 
and thus we structured our bid in a manner that provides that we can proceed 
with or without this specific turbine 
Ownership of this turbine would marginally strengthen our prospects However, I don't want to obstruct another Enron  affiliate if there is a 
bonafide use for the turbine that adds to the Enron bottom line.
If Delaney has a firm "bird in the hand" he should take the turbine Conversely, if our deal firms up before Delaney has a firm use, I would want 
to take the turbine.
My guess is that Delaney's deal will firm up before SADAF.
Rick  
The attached legal report summarizes current significant legal activities of 
ENA Legal as of September 15, 2000.  This report does not attempt to list all 
transactions or include reference to on-going maintenance of completed 
transactions.
Please let me know if you have any questions.
Tim O'Rourke@
10/10/2000 01:48 PM
Sent by: Stacey Dempsey@
Enron has contracted with Cognitive Arts to develop a web-based training=20
system to be available for use by all of Enron=01,s management.
The goals of this project are to:
Enhance communication in the five key areas identified from the recent ETC=20
survey (the percentages indicate the number of employees agreeing with the=20
following statements):
59%: Decisions are not communicated well
54%: Employees do not feel free to voice their opinions openly
55%: The company doesn=01,t act effectively on employee suggestions
70%: Communication is not good across departmental lines
61%: Employees are not encouraged to challenge established procedures and=20
policies
You have been identified as someone who?gives?valuable feedback.  I am asking=20
for approximately one and a half hours of your time to have an informal,=20
on-camera conversation with  Cognitive Arts so that we can capture your=20
stories and insights for inclusion into the system.  CogArts will be in=20
Houston conducting these interviews during the week of October 23rd.  If you=20
are available to  take part in these interviews, CogArts and myself  will=20
contact you the week of October 16th to brief you on  the specific topics=20
that will be covered and to answer any questions you may have.  Please let=20
Stacey Dempsey, ext. 30945,  know if you would be available for an interview=20
and when would be a good time for me to answer your questions.  Thank you for=20
your support.
Also, I am attaching a document that briefly desribes the interview process-=20
what to expect, how to prepare and it gives some suggestions on how you can=20
shape your responses to make them as effective as possible. =20
- Enron_Expert_Interviewee_FAQ.doc
Tim O'Rourke
David, do we need to "volunteer" people to participate?  Do we want a more 
structured process?
Delainey
Sent by: Enron Announcements@
Enron Managing Directors, Vice Presidents, Directors, and Managers  Who 
Utilize the Associate/Analyst Pool
As a follow up from a "SAVE THE DATE"  email regarding your participation in 
the  Associate and Analyst  Super Saturday process, now is the time to select 
your dates to attend and participate.
Below are the dates for Super Saturday weekends during the upcoming 
recruiting season.  If you are Houston-based or if you know you will be in 
Houston on business at the appropriate times please click the link below to 
volunteer 
(When selecting dates please avoid selecting to interview candidates who 
attend the schools for which you are a team member.)
Associates     Analysts
October 27-28, 2000    November 3-4
Thunderbird, UT, Georgetown, Rice  Rice, UT, Baylor, A&M, OU, Florida, LSU, 
UHCL
November 10-11, 2000    November, 17-18, 2000
Columbia, Stern NYU, UCLA, Darden, Cornell Penn, UVA, Vanderbilt, Michigan, 
Howard, AUC, 
Vanderbilt, Michigan    UHMain
December, 1-2, 2000    December 8-9, 20000
Chicago, Kellogg, Harvard, Wharton, MIT Wellesley, overflow and re-schedules 
from previous s/s
Friday, December 15, 2000  
Carnegie Mellon
Thank you for your support of the Associate and Analyst Programs.
Shelly Jones
Recruiting Manager
fyi
David W Delainey
10/10/2000 10:13 AM
Please mark on your calendars to attend given current discussions about the 
gas organization.
Delainey
David W Delainey
10/10/2000 10:12 AM
Guys, please mark your calendars for the 2000 ENA Management Offsite 
scheduled for December 14th and 15th at the Venetian in Las Vegas.  We 
envision people flying in the afternoon/evening of December 13th with the 
offsite being held on December 14th and 15th.  Departure would occur the 
morning of December 16th.  It is important that everyone stays for the entire 
period including Friday night.  Jeff Skilling and Greg Whalley have taken 
time out their schedule to speak to us on Thursday and Friday night about 
Enron Corps strategy and our eCommerce/Networks strategy respectively.
A complete agenda will follow shortly.
Dorie Hitchcock will manage all the logistics.
Delainey
FYI
David W Delainey
10/10/2000 10:12 AM
Guys, please mark your calendars for the 2000 ENA Management Offsite 
scheduled for December 14th and 15th at the Venetian in Las Vegas.  We 
envision people flying in the afternoon/evening of December 13th with the 
offsite being held on December 14th and 15th.  Departure would occur the 
morning of December 16th.  It is important that everyone stays for the entire 
period including Friday night.  Jeff Skilling and Greg Whalley have taken 
time out their schedule to speak to us on Thursday and Friday night about 
Enron Corps strategy and our eCommerce/Networks strategy respectively.
A complete agenda will follow shortly.
Dorie Hitchcock will manage all the logistics.
Delainey
Guys, what is this 
No - I think that Ahlstrom should take this risk or it should be reflected in 
a price reduction. I vote not to do the deal otherwise.
Delainey  
The Approval Amount for the Inga DASH has been revised from $98 million to 
$105.25 million to accomodate the potential requirement of having to replace 
existing credit support facilities provided by the seller, A. Ahlstrom, or 
the target, Ahlstrom Development Corporation ("ADC").  Although not explicit, 
this requirment may arise as A.Ahlstrom/ADC attempt to obtain 
"change-in-ownership" consents from partners, lenders and lessors to complete 
Enron's acquisition of ADC.  As we believe that the liklihood of this 
requirement occuring is greatest with regard to 1) and 2) below, the DASH 
reflects the aggregate of these amounts.  The requirement with regard to 3) 
below lies with an ADC subsidiary and should not "reasonably" merit 
replacement by Enron.
This change was reflected in the DASH mailed to the Finance Committee of the 
BoD on 12/05/00.
The potential credit support facilities are detailed as follows:
1)  Panther Creek -- A. Ahlstrom Comfort Letter:  A. Ahlstrom provided a  
"comfort letter" for the benefit of the lenders at the Panther Creek 
project.  Upon acquisition by Enron, the beneficiaries of this comfort letter 
may require that it be replaced by an ENE guaranty.  The comfort letter 
requires A. Ahlstrom to provide up to $1.5 MM in additional equity to the 
project in the event that the project cannot meet its debt service.
Based on the origination team's analysis, the likelihood of an equity call 
related to the comfort letter appears to be minimal given the project  is projected to achieve an average 1.92x debt service coverage 
ratio in the pro forma model
the partnership maintains business interruption insurance
the project can subordinate $2MM in O&M incentive payments annually to meet 
its debt service targets
2)  Panther Creek -- Equity Support Agreements:  ADC, as well the other major 
partner, Constellation, have provided guarantees in favor of the Panther 
Creek project lenders, each with a maximum exposure of $5.75 MM  Equity 
support under this agreement may be called on if the Panther Creek project 
does not meet its debt service requirements.  We believe that these 
obligations should be maintained by ADC and not up-streamed to Enron as Enron 
obligations, however, the consenting parties may disagree.
In the event that Enron is required to provide this support in exchange for 
consent, the origination team believes it is unlikely that the project 
lenders will call on the equity support agreements due to the coverage ratio, 
insurance and payment subordination items discussed above under item 1) above.
3)  Gilberton -- Capital Support Agreement:  Orion Power Company (a 
subsidiary of ADC) has committed to providing a maximum of $1.25 MM in equity 
support to the Gilberton Power Project, in the event that debt service cannot 
be met.  We have not provided for this in the DASH as we believe that these 
obligation should be maintained by Orion and not upstreamed to either ADC or 
Enron as either an ADC or Enron obligation.
The origination team believes that if Enron is called upon to provide this 
credit support, the impact of such would be minimal because:
the agreement expires once project debt is repaid in Dec 2002
the project maintains a cash debt service reserve of $16 MM (and only $32 MM 
of debt reamains outstanding)
pro forma debt service coverage ratios average 1.53x against a target of 1.15x
Given there is minimal expectation the facilities will be drawn upon, RAC 
does not foresee a material impact on the overall project economics.  To the 
extent guarantees or letters of credit are issued, an appropriate cost for 
these guarantees should be deducted from the value of the transaction.
Please let me know if you have any questions with regard to this change.
,
Please mark on your calendars to attend given current discussions about the 
gas organization.
Delainey
David W Delainey
10/10/2000 10:12 AM
Guys, please mark your calendars for the 2000 ENA Management Offsite 
scheduled for December 14th and 15th at the Venetian in Las Vegas.  We 
envision people flying in the afternoon/evening of December 13th with the 
offsite being held on December 14th and 15th.  Departure would occur the 
morning of December 16th.  It is important that everyone stays for the entire 
period including Friday night.  Jeff Skilling and Greg Whalley have taken 
time out their schedule to speak to us on Thursday and Friday night about 
Enron Corps strategy and our eCommerce/Networks strategy respectively.
A complete agenda will follow shortly.
Dorie Hitchcock will manage all the logistics.
Delainey
Guys, please mark your calendars for the 2000 ENA Management Offsite 
scheduled for December 14th and 15th at the Venetian in Las Vegas.  We 
envision people flying in the afternoon/evening of December 13th with the 
offsite being held on December 14th and 15th.  Departure would occur the 
morning of December 16th.  It is important that everyone stays for the entire 
period including Friday night.  Jeff Skilling and Greg Whalley have taken 
time out their schedule to speak to us on Thursday and Friday night about 
Enron Corps strategy and our eCommerce/Networks strategy respectively.
A complete agenda will follow shortly.
Dorie Hitchcock will manage all the logistics.
Delainey
Dick, you are doing the right things - if you run into timing issues in the 
future do not hesitate to give me a call directly.
Delainey
Richard Lydecker@
10/09/2000 04:27 PM
Dave, I agree with your perspective on this.  Building another theoretical 
model in the Basic situation seems naive to me.  This company is and has been 
in a financial death spiral.  For months, all involved on the ENA side have 
been focused on a probability that the Basic situation would result in a 
writeoff of a very significant piece of the Merlin debt and nothing for the 
equity.  The deal we are working on is at the high end of the projections 
reviewed with the rating agencies on recovery for the Merlin debt and 
actually gets us at least some chance of recovery on our equity.
I do not agree that no effort has been made to market the company.  As you 
recall, we worked very intensively in trying to support an IPO which would 
take out the debt.  Despite many attempts to structure a successful offering 
(and a series of difficult concessions by Enron), the IB finally pulled it The S-1, by the way, was about the ugliest I have ever seen.
We carefully evaluated seeking an industry purchaser.  Our conclusion was 
that this risked losing significant value, would require a good deal of time, 
and had virtually no likelihood of equalling the recovery we have would 
achieve if we can do the deal on the table.   This evaluation was reinforced 
with the contacts we have had with industry players.
In any liquidation there is always the possibility that another path could 
possibility capture more value.  In this case especially, I think we have a 
very good idea of reality and are making an uniformed decision to recommend a 
better-than-exected exit.  This is not a firesale.
We will continue to work constructively with RAC in a non-confrontational 
mode on Basic.  Be assured, however, that if I feel there is a real risk of 
process getting in the way of achieving our objectives, I will raise a red 
flag.  Dick.
David W Delainey@ECT
09/29/2000 11:34 AM
Rick, I disagree - the DASH had an implication unsubstantiated that the 
current deal on the table is a bad one.  I believe that RAC should provide a 
clear opinion or say directly that the analysis is deficient.
It is too easy to state the obvious.
Delainey
In my opion this DASH did exactly what it was supposed to do - prompt a 
dialog on whether we are getting an adequate price for this asset. My 
understanding is that no model was built to value an alternative nor was 
there any effort to market the company. If we want to "take the money and 
run" (whhich in this case is probably the right decision) fine, but we should 
know what we are leaving behind, especially given the current commodity price 
environment.  Rick
Janet, I'm not picking on you - I just can't believe legal and corporate let 
this go through. Sorry.
By the way, Redmond will take responsibility for the Pan Nat arbitration as 
per our discussion.
Delainey
Janet R Dietrich
10/09/2000 03:11 PM
Ouch! I'll leave it as is...no problem 
Sent by: Kay Chapman
Dave would like to have a strategy meeting next Tuesday  Ocotober 10, 2000 
from 2:30-4:30 in room 30C1. No preparation is necessary and it's important 
that each of you plan to attend. If you cannot attend, please contact Dave 
directly 
Thanks!
Chris, do you have a deal book -explaining the overall transaction, returns 
and risk 
This will help me facilitate the process.
Delainey
Christopher F Calger
10/09/2000 12:16 PM
Dave,
Wanted to give you a heads up 
We are looking at a DASH for approximately $1.5MM for development of PSCO This includes cancellation charges of approximately $350K and soft 
engineering/consulting costs through November 30 (expected receipt of air 
permit).  The plan would be to DASH with Board/Exec Committee approval the 
entire project in November.   Chip Schneider of RAC is OK with this approach 
given his understanding of the project risks and economics 
The plan is to keep this off balance sheet through West LB -> Turbo Park  
with exit to a third party no later than Sep 30, 2001.  there is likely a 
need to bring in LJM to cover $2-3MM of hard costs (moving dirt) from Dec 1 
through Jan 31.
We are planning on executing the PPA with PSCO this week - it has sufficient 
conditions precedent to give ENA Legal (and me) comfort that we can walk if 
there is any problem with permits or site costs (land, water, transmission, 
fuel).  In addition, there is a Board out that ENA Legal drafted, negotiated 
and feels is a tangible out (unlike most Board outs).  We will have a 
definitive deal with NEPCO prior to execution of the PSCO PPA.  I spoke  with 
Jacoby and  Janet and told them we are planning to take the remaining two 
LM6000's for this project.
I am available to talk about it at your convenience.
,
Chris
Christopher F Calger
10/08/2000 05:13 PM
Chip,
PSCO has modified their position and has accepted some of our negotiating 
points (heat rate, board out, permit conditions precedent) and will accept a 
6-LM6000 project with a June 2001 start date.  The additional two LM6000's 
materially improves our economics as both installed cost/kw and fixed o&m 
decrease.  We plan on executing the PPA later this week (Monday 10/16 latest) 
with inclusion of project permitting conditions and Board-out language 
drafted by and satisfactory to ENA Legal.
In order to hit the June 01 deadline, we must order the following additional 
equipment through West LB ASAP:
6 stacks  $1,188,000
3 Control Modules $375,000
1 CEMS  $675,000
4 230kv Breakers $340,000
Total:   $2,578,000
The above equipment is needed for our remaining LM6000's in any project More importantly, the cancellation charges for the above equipment are 
minimal as follows:
Now through November 1:    $257,800
Now through November 30:  $340,000 (additional $83,000)
Additional soft costs prior to mobilization in December are estimated at:
EE&CC Tasking Letter Year to Date:  $175,000
EE&CC/NEPCO Engineering through October 20:  $75,000
EE&CC/NEPCO Engineering through Nov 30: $700,000
Based on the above, I will exceed $500K around October 18.  Given our Board 
approval flexibility from PSCo and the timing of expediting the equipment 
orders, I thought it might be a good idea to seek approval for a development 
project through the end of November (or perhaps December 15). The amount 
might be $1.5MM which allows for equipment cancellation and engineering 
costs.  That would allow us to move forward aggressively and prepare a more 
complete final project approval for the next regularly scheduled Board / Exec 
Committe meeting in November.
How does this sound to you?
,
Chris
Janet, I completely disagree with legals position.  I have difficulty with 
some of our VP's having signing authority.  I believe this is a significant 
control issue.
Mark, is this widespread in ENA?
Delainey
Janet R Dietrich
10/09/2000 12:54 PM
Well, I talked with legal about this and I understand that they can and do 
give signature authority to directors on a relatively frequent basis. I gave 
them the parameters for Ben to make it even easier. If they end up saying 
it's a bigger issue than originally articulated, I'll continue with Ben as we 
currently have it.  Thanks.
Guys, attached you will find a list of key transactions identified in the Hot 
List for each business unit.  The performance of your group is key to making 
our targets for Q4 and to meet budgeted origination performance for the 
year.  Independent of specific budgets for the groups, the origination 
organization needs to generate $250M for Q4.  Ultimately, a strong 
performance in Q4 by the origination organization will help build momentum 
into the year-end PRC. 
I will be setting up time with each of you to go through your numbers and 
specifics on the deals.
Delainey
sure, just set up with kay
thxs
dave
Eric, like the United Way, our goal should be 100%participation.  In order to 
reach that goal, we need the reporting mechanisms to determine which groups 
and managers have very low participation rates.
I strongly believe that ENA's numbers would be better if we had north of 80% 
participation (ie) the "unhappy" folks are more likely to input info than the 
"happy" folks.
Delainey
Eric Thode@
10/09/2000 09:09 AM
"The Pulse" is the new name for the employee survey -- formerly known as 
Excellence Through Communication.  It is scheduled to rollout on Monday, 
October 16.  In an effort to boost participation, I would like to ask for 
your assistance in spreading the word to your direct reports at your staff 
meeting.  They should, in turn, encourage their direct reports to 
participate.  Last year, ENA's participation rate was approximately 50% and 
our goal for this year is 60%.
The survey will take approximately 10 to 15 minutes to complete and can be 
done electronically.  The topics covered are:
1) What are the obstacles to performance and effectiveness?
2) What things hinder job satisfaction and fulfillment?
3) What more can be done to make Enron the best place to work?
If you have any questions, please do not hesitate to call me at ext. 3-9053 Thanks.
Jeff, hopefully we can convince you to come when we re-schedule - seemed like 
an easy call.
Delainey
David W Delainey
12/06/2000 01:18 PM
Sent by: Kay Chapman
Given the current tremendous energy market volatility and as we stretch 
resources to make our commercial goals for 2000, we think it would be 
appropriate to postpone the ENA 2000 Offsite to early next year.  I trust 
this meets with your approval and thanks for all the hard work.
Dave and John
Janet, he can approve but can't sign as a director. You need to continue to 
manage. This would take a board resolution to change (ie) he can not bind the 
company as a director.
Delainey
Janet R Dietrich
10/08/2000 02:22 PM
Kay, as we discussed previously:
Effective immediately, I would like Ben Jacoby to have signature authority 
for his team's expense reports as well as all documents whose capital 
commitments are not greater than $250,000. Most documents will be 
confidentiality agreements, exclusivity agreements, permit applications, and 
land/equipment option agreements.
Please forward this (if need be) to the appropriate internal individuals who 
get this set up. Thanks Kay.
Please be sure your are in attendance or let me know if you can't attend so 
that I can make Dave aware.
This is a reminder !!!!!  There will be a Friday Meeting October 13, 2000 
Date:  October 13, 2000
Friday
Time:   2:30 pm - 4:30 pm
Location:  30C1
Topic:   ENA Management Committee
If you have any questions or conflicts, please feel free to call me (3-0643).
Thanks,
Kay 3-0643
Rick, I have been having discussions with both Joe Deffner and Jean Mrha on 
this one.  Clearly, this is a commercial banking product in which we have 
little competitive advantage unless we take more risk on terminal value or 
collateral (reserve risk).  Ultimately, I have challenged the Upstream Group 
to define the other parts of the deal that would compensate for this 
increased risk and the cost of capital uncompetitiveness.
Delainey
Dave would like to have a strategy meeting next Tuesday  Ocotober 10, 2000 
from 2:30-4:30 in room 30C1. No preparation is necessary and it's important 
that each of you plan to attend. If you cannot attend, please contact Dave 
directly 
Thanks!
Ike, is the president and CEO of TVA.
FYI
Delainey
David W Delainey
10/06/2000 10:06 AM
Ike, given our schedules, it appears that e-mail may be the most effective 
communication tool 
I thought I would just follow up on progress being made in TVA on our 
settlement process.  As well, I understand that there has been a number of 
communications between TVA and Enron on the NoxTech emissions business.  I 
have encouraged the Enron folks to pursue this opportunity with TVA given the 
larger dialogue.  The Enron team has told me that TVA  wishes to move to firm 
pricing and a MOU on this technology.  Given the larger dialogue, I have 
suggested to our team to hold tight on completing the agreement until both 
TVA and Enron have a view on where the overall settlement discussions are 
going 
Please give me a call at your earliest convenience.
Dave Delainey
Ike, given our schedules, it appears that e-mail may be the most effective 
communication tool 
I thought I would just follow up on progress being made in TVA on our 
settlement process.  As well, I understand that there has been a number of 
communications between TVA and Enron on the NoxTech emissions business.  I 
have encouraged the Enron folks to pursue this opportunity with TVA given the 
larger dialogue.  The Enron team has told me that TVA  wishes to move to firm 
pricing and a MOU on this technology.  Given the larger dialogue, I have 
suggested to our team to hold tight on completing the agreement until both 
TVA and Enron have a view on where the overall settlement discussions are 
going 
Please give me a call at your earliest convenience.
Dave Delainey
Jeff, can you speak briefly with Kevin on this one - intriguing idea if the 
execution was probable.
By the way, what is our plan with Sithe?
Delainey
Put a bid into SOCO's shareholders for the transmission assets only.  Since 
the market is valuing Genco assets at a much higher multiple, a bid at book 
value for the transco would be very intriguing to the existing shareholder 
base.
Given a high probability of supply shortage in Florida over the next 2-4 
years, the transmission gateway to Florida is extremely valuable, 
particularly if expansions are done off the existing system.
In addition, it would give Enron tremendous regulatory leverage with the 
pending Entergy/FPL (SOCO connects systems), and the entire SE market, 
including TVA.
I know it's a longshot, but we will have to do something radical to bust open 
the SE market into a free functioning commodity market.  The SE is 
essentially untapped from a power trading standpoint right now, and the 
market is nearly 200,000 MW if you include Florida.
Rick which meeting are you refering to?
Delainey
Guys, it will be very difficult to get money out of the power group - is the 
expectation that I come up with the dollars - just curious.  Are we not 
circumventing the spirit of the political contribution rules?
Delainey
Barbara A Hueter@EES
09/29/2000 02:32 PM
Barbara A Hueter
09/29/2000 03:27 PM
Barbara A Hueter
09/29/2000 03:24 PM
Gentelmen,
Following is an email detailing requests for personal contributions to 
legislators who have been instrumental to Enron regarding our power plants in 
Tennessee.  I produced this list based on recommendations from our lobbying 
firm, Stokes Bartholomew, in Nashville.
In 1999, Stokes Bartholomew, working with Jordan Mintz in Enron's tax 
department, convinced the state legislature to pass legislation clarifying 
that Enron's power plants would be exempt from the gross receipts tax.  Had 
we not succeeded in the effort, we would have had to pay gross receipts taxes 
of approximately $1.5 million per year 
In 2000, Tennessee is one of the only states in the union that has been 
running a deficit in the general revenue fund.  Rather than going home for 
the summer, the legislature stayed in session and debated among themselves 
and with the Governor on how to solve the revenue shortfall issue Eventually, they adopted unreasonably  optimistic revenue projections to 
produce a balanced budget (on paper).   This has not solved the problem 
because the state is already $100 million below revenue projections in the 
first quarter of the fiscal year.  The legislature will look for a long term 
solution when it returns in January.  Stokes Bartholomew informs me that all 
sources of revenue will be considered - this means our exemption from the 
gross receipts tax could possibly be repealed.  At this time, no one is 
singling this exemption out, but Stokes Bartholomew is cautious and is 
monitoring the issue closely.
Numerous legislators supported the gross receipts legislation for Enron.  If 
our gross receipts tax exemption is threatened next legislative session, we 
would have to return to these same legislators (if they are reelected) for 
support.  As long as Enron pays taxes in Tennessee, it behooves us to take an 
active interest in supporting those legislators who will defend our interests 
in the capitol.
Since you are the key contacts at Enron for Tennessee, I ask you to assess 
this matter and decide whether ongoing legislative support is important to 
Enron's interests in TN and make contributions accordingly.
I have recommended $9,500 in contributions.  While this seems like a large 
amount, it is miniscule in comparison to the taxes we are not paying Moreover, it will go a long way to helping us protect our interests against 
those who would fight to have "big corporations", particularly out-of-state 
corporations, get stuck with additional tax burdens to solve the state's 
fiscal woes.
You are probably asking why we are not using Enron PAC funds or coroporate 
funds to make these donations.  Tennessee law prohibits us from using 
corporate funds and limits the use of PAC funds to those PACs that do not 
receive any source of support from the corporation.  Because Enron Corp. pays 
the expenses for the Enron PAC, we are not permitted to contribute Enron PAC 
funds to candidates in Tennessee.  This is one of the most onerous political 
contribution laws in the country.
If you have any questions I can be reached for the next week at 
614.306.4359.  Or you can leave a message for me at 614.760.7472. 
Barbara A Hueter
09/14/2000 03:28 PM
Per our phone conversation, following is a list of key legislative leaders 
deserving of Enron's support.  This list has been developed by our 
counsel/legislative agents in Nashville: Bill Bruce, Gif Thornton and Robert 
Gowan.
Please feel free to call me to discuss further.  You can reach me on my cell 
phone this afternoon and all day tomorrow.  I will be in the office on Monday.
Lieutenant Governor: Senator John Wilder (Democrat)
$2,500
Represents Brownsville in the Senate.
Sponsor of 1999 gross receipts tax exemption legislation for Brownsville.
Has a serious opponent this November.
The Senate elects the Lieutenant Governor who also serves as the head of the 
Senate.  It is in Enron's best interst that John Wilder win the election and 
be re-elected Lieutenant Governor. 
Rep. Jimmy Naifey
$1,000
Speaker of the House
Represents Brownsvile.
Senate Candidate Larry Trail (Democrat)
$2,000
John Wilder's personal mission, besides his own election, is to get Larry 
elected to the Senate (it is an open seat that is being vacated by a 
Democrat).
If the Democrats lose this seat there is a very good chance that Senator 
Wilder will not be re-elected Lieutenant Governor because the Democrats will 
have lost the majority in the Senate.
Rep. Matt Kisber (Democrat)
$1,500
Represents the Jackson area.
Very pro-business Democrat.
Is in a very tough race because the district was redrawn and it now majority 
Republican.
Matt is the chair of the House Finance, Ways and Means Committee - which 
hears all gross receipts tax matters.
Was very helpful to Enron on the gross receipts legislation.
Senator Jerry Cooper
$1,000
Chair of the Senate Commerce Committee
His committee hears all legislation relating to energy and power plants.
Rep. Shelby Rinehart
$500
Chair of Commerce Committe (all energy and power plant issues) and powerful 
member of the House Finance and Ways and Means Committee.
He is extremely powerful.  Bill, Gif and Robert have a very good relationship 
and rely on him for assistance for their clients regularly.
Unless otherwise noted, checks should be make payable to "Friends of 
_______________".
Please forward to Bill Bruce fo personal delivery.  (or if you want to get 
them to me I can pass them along)
Bill Bruce
Stokes, Bartholomew, Evans and Petree P.A.
Sun Trust Financial Center
424 Church Street, Suite 2800
Nashville, TN 37219-2386
I am not a big fan of this idea even though it is rather interesting.  I just 
think that the logistics are difficult particularily with employees with 
families.  The drive to Galveston and back - the overnight babysitter - the 
potential trouble that may result in close quarters and hours of drinking et 
al.  I prefer the original idea at Enron Field 
Delainey
Janet R Dietrich
12/06/2000 08:28 AM
Congratulations to the entire deal team on the final execution of the AGL-VNG 
contracts! You guys did a great job at identifying the opportunity, managing 
and negotiating with the customer, managing the regulatory and legal 
concerns, and valuing and structuring the deal in a win-win manner! This was 
a very focused effort and managed and executed very well. 
Well done! 
Kevin, how do we get at the transmission without buying the entire company?
Delainey
Tamara Jae Black
10/04/2000 12:36 PM
Please forward this to Dave and John.  My e-mail is not working for them.
Thanks.
What do you think of a hostile bid for SOCO's transmission assets (Georgia 
Power, Gulf Power, Alabama Power, Savannah Electric, & Mississippi Power Light), and a simultaneously create an ISO/RTO that is auctioned to the 
market.  This would clearly expedite the opening of markets in the SE 
significantly.
I think we could get an FPL, Duke, VEPCO, Entergy, Cinergy type company to 
provide a pre-negotiated purchase price for the transmission facilities so 
our capital at risk would be minimal.  Additionally, we would cut a deal with 
FERC on what the new market design would look like and the ultimate 
transmission owner would live with the market design.
What are your thoughts.
Joe, EnronOnline is essentially the internet distribution channel for our gas 
and power business.  Rather, my focus on the legacy channel is an attempt to 
increase the probability that more originators can complete transactions and 
generate deal flow.  As well, to reduce the conflict between the trading and 
origination organizations in order to keep us spending more time in the 
market than focused on internal issues.  As far as specifics, you will have 
to wait and see.
Thanks
Delainey
Joseph Short@
10/04/2000 05:57 PM
I enjoyed your presentation this morning.  You mentioned that one of your 
current tasks is "pushing the legacy origination/structuring model to the 
next step".  What do you mean by this?  Do you envision using the internet or 
other technology to enhance the current origination structure?
Chris, you are officially the king today!  With the PSCo deal this 
effectively eliminates the LM position assuming we successfully sell LV.
Delainey
Christopher F Calger
10/04/2000 07:16 PM
Dave,
The CA ISO Board met today and approved a plan to provide capacity subsidies 
to up to 2,000 MW of new supply.  There was 71 proposals from 24 companies We offered 7 proposals.  Their decision criteria is ridiculous and subject to 
change, but it looks like we won the following:
1 LM6000 - 45MW - Pleasonton - $6.9MM per year for three years -  $153/kwyear
1 LM6000 - 45MW - LODI - $6.9MM per year for three years - $153/kwyear
4 FT4's - 96MW - Southern/Palo Alto - $13.2MM per year for three years $137/kwyear
Las Vegas Cogen / EPMI 225MW Palo Verde Sale $10MM per year for three years $44/kwyear
In the first three deals, we have the full rights to the energy; capacity 
payments are for availability.  These payments, combined with reasonable toll 
values, terminal value and EPC costs, make the projects economic (DASH 
forthcoming).
The last deal is a bit strange and non-conforming but the ISO likes it 
because it is priced very low.  Basically, we agree to deliver power to the 
ISO at the California border next summer priced at PX Index plus $20/MWh.  CA 
ISO takes power, sells into PX and receives Index.  This is cheaper than what 
they are paying for new capacity in state.  The $20 premium is simply the 
basis between Palo and SP15.  In 2002 and 2003, LVCogen commits to sell 500 
hours to CA ISO and receive PX for its energy.  In 02 and 03, the Palo/SP 
spread collapses so an asset buyer sees this $20MM as gravy.
Lot of moving parts - I will keep you posted.  Parquet, Mcdonald and Laird 
are doing a great job.
Chris
Oz, David is interested in the fuel cell business, do you need his skill set?
Delainey
David Ronkainen@_DEVELOPMENT
10/05/2000 10:18 AM
Dear David,
My name is David Ronkainen and I have been an Enron employee for about one 
year.  I joined 
Enron as a result of my interest in fuel cells as a business opportunity for 
me.  I met with Dave Ramm 
to discuss that opportunity and he asked me if I would be interested in 
working for Enron I recently read a press release that ENA had entered into an alliance with 
Fuel Cell Energy, Inc.  I still 
have a strong interest in fuel cells and the belief that they will be the 
most commonly used power 
supply of the not so distant future.  I went to a seminar on distributed 
power in Washington D.C. last 
week to talk with the technologists and hear what the investment community  
thought about fuel cells 
and microturbines.  I learned a lot.
Right now I am working for Enron Corp. Environmental, Health and Safety.  My 
job is interesting, but I have 
a stronger interest in fuel cells and the power technology that will serve 
DP.  Do you have a job opportunity
for a technologist in your business that is involved with fuel cells and 
microturbines?  If there is an opportunity
I would like to talk with you about it.
I graduated from Michigan Technological University with a B.S. in Mechanical 
Engineering.  I have worked 
in manufacturing and the oil field service business.  I have worked at the 
corporate level in both businesses.
I know what it takes to efficiently manufacture a product and how a business 
should be run.  I also understand the 
opportunities and liabilities that environmental protection poses to new 
industries and technologies.  I  know
that I can help Enron in this area.
If you would like my resume please let me know.
Thank you for your consideration.
Sincerely,
David Ronkainen
Erin, don't want to keep passing the ball;however, this is a retail 
opportunity in almost all states (ie) railroad demand is classified as retail 
customers under most IOU tariffs.  I would ask Harold Buchanan
Delainey
10/05/2000 11:47 AM
Erin Rice@
Erin Rice@
Erin Rice@
10/05/2000 11:47 AM
10/05/2000 11:47 AM
David:
Ben Glisan suggested you might be the best person to address the following 
question that was not answered at the all-employee meeting this week.  I will 
route them back to Ken, Jeff and Joe for final approval, then post the 
answers in eMeet.
Thanks for your help.
- Erin
Ben F Glisan@ECT
10/05/2000 07:25 AM
Erin 
I don't have any insight into this question, you may want to direct it to 
Dave Delainey.  As I am the Treasurer, my focus is on financial activities of 
the company.
Ben
10/03/2000 02:18 PM
Erin Rice@
Erin Rice@
Erin Rice@
10/03/2000 02:18 PM
10/03/2000 02:18 PM
Ben:
The following question was asked but not addressed in today's all-employee 
meeting.  Would you please respond?  I will route to Ken, Jeff and Joe for 
approval and then post the response in eMeet.
Thank you.
- Erin (Internal Communications)
Energy opportunity:  Have you thought about supplying electricity to 
railtrack for its EC4T (Electric Current for Traction), i.e. all its traction 
power (overhead power lines and 3rd rail system).  The full idea has been 
submitted to eMeet.
Sounds reasonable.
Charlene, the 2nd is ok. Either Mark, myself or John should probably be able 
to do the 28th as well.  Obviously, we strongly believe in the benefit of the 
program and its goals - ultimately, we  have to walk the talk!
Delainey
Charlene Jackson@
10/05/2000 05:47 AM
Hi Dave,
Thanks for agreeing to participate in Super Saturday.  Unfortunately, I gave 
you the wrong date.  I think I told you December 9th and it should have been 
December 2nd.  I hope that is still OK.  We are still looking for someone to 
do the first one which is October 28th.  I think it would be great if someone 
at your level could start it off to send a message.  However, I won't get 
greedy  I will take what I can get (smile). Just let me know.
With respect to the straw man, I have worked on it but it is not complete Celeste was scheduled to be here this week but has been put on bed rest by 
her doctor and has had to leave a week early.  I am trying to work with her 
recruiters who are in the middle of campus presentations, etc.  I will finish 
working on it this weekend and we can meet on Tuesday.  I will call Kay and 
get on your schedule.   I will try to get you a draft prior to our meeting 
(by Monday) so you can review it before hand.
Thanks Charlene
David W Delainey@ECT
10/04/2000 01:58 PM
Charlene, that will be fine... on a different note, where are you on the 
straw man we spoke about.  Ultimately, I would like to continue to push this 
with the leadership team.
Delainey
Charlene, that will be fine... on a different note, where are you on the 
straw man we spoke about.  Ultimately, I would like to continue to push this 
with the leadership team.
Delainey
Guys, can you forward your parts.
Delainey
Hunter S Shively
10/03/2000 11:56 AM
Rob, no hi or goodbye - you are losing your Canadian politeness 
On a serious note, you are doing the right thing for the company and for 
Barry's career.  This will be a good opportuntity for him to get to the next 
level if he makes it happen.
As you are aware, I will aggressively support you and the Toronto iniative Let me know.
Delainey
Rob Milnthorp
10/02/2000 09:22 AM
Barry's yours December 15th.
Updated draft memo.
Delainey
David W Delainey
12/06/2000 01:14 PM
Guys, please take a read of the draft memo - would like to send out tommorrow.
Delainey
Joe, where is the arb? Ultimately, this cannot be a cost of capital play 
given the owners.  Is this primarily an off-balance sheet issue for the 
customer?  Are we taking disposal or terminal value risk on the facility Operational risk? Did we come up with this structure or was this the mandated 
structure in the RFP?
Is this a play that you would support? 
On a previous issue, do you feel confident that we can monetize the El Paso 
note on the ECP sale at the 8.25%?  It is important for us to be able to 
quickly monetize this note for obvious reasons.
How is it going otherwise?
Delainey
David,
Devils Tower is a deepwater project on Mississippi Canyon block 773 Dominion is the operator and has a 60% working interest in the project Mariner Energy (20%) and Pioneer Resources (20%) are the remaining working 
interest owners.
During the first week of September, Production Offshore, managed by Tom 
Byargeon, received an RFP and an information packet to submit a proposal for 
the development of a floating production system and export pipelines.
Since the Devils Towers project exists in a prolific active deepwater reserve 
area and this area has little developed infrastructure, this project is 
strategic and creates a very relevant and marketable infrastructure 
position.  For example, Exxon has indicated their interest in tying back 
their production from Crazy Horse (south of Devils Tower) to this platform In addition, the production from this platform could be funneled into Exxon's 
export pipelines on the shelf.
This project will financed by a structure where Enron forms a joint venture 
(JV) with an independent third party.   The joint venture partners capitalize 
the JV with a nominal amount of funds.  The JV leases capacity on the 
platform and export pipelines from a special purpose vehicle (SPV).  The SPV 
uses the lease agreement to obtain a loan from financial institutions.  In 
turn, the SPV uses equity capital (from a tax based investor) and the loan 
proceeds to purchase or develop the deepwater assets.
The JV receives cash flows from leasing the production capacity from the 
Devils Tower deepwater assets.  This capacity on the deepwater assets will be 
sold for five to seven years under a production handling agreement (PHA Final point, the JV receives a financial instrument (most likely a note 
receivable)  equal to their portion of the net proceeds from the PHA.
Enron books income on the monetization of this financial instrument via a 
FASB sell down (most likely, selling a note receivable to a bank for cash In addition, because the lease capacity for the deepwater assets will be sold 
for only five-seven years and these assets will have a minimum working life 
for twenty, there exists potential upside for Enron.  For example, cash flows 
from incremental PHAs (ie., through tiebacks to Devils Tower deepwater 
assets) can be monetized via the FASB 125 sell down.
The financial structure was designed to minimize capital outlays and 
financial risk.  Also, Joe Deffner and Roger Ondreko are very familar with 
the structure and assisted in its design.
The RFP is due October 2nd.   There will a meeting tommorrow from 1-3 pm to 
discuss the status of the proposal in EB 3583. Please feel free to attend.
Jean
David W Delainey@ECT
09/27/2000 01:26 PM
Guys, can you give me an update on what this deal is about - e-mail would be 
fine?
Delainey
Marion, the leads include Heather Kroll and Ozzie Pagan in the Eastern 
Origination Group and Michael L Miller in the Principal Investing Group.
Delainey
Marion W Cole@_DEVELOPMENT
10/02/2000 01:24 PM
David,
Congratulations on the Fuel Cell venture.  I have been trying to get Enron 
interested in this technology for many years.  I am glad someone found the 
right formula.  I would like to discuss applications of Fuel Cell technology 
and where Enron intends to take this product with someone in your 
organization.  The press release did not disclose who the lead promoter in 
your organization is.  Can you direct me to the right person?
,
Marion Cole
Jeff, this fella gave me a call on a new technology that converts chemical 
feedstocks into industrial gases.  He wants to establish the technology in 
Baytown and is looking for our assistance and capital.  This is probably a 
stretch but it may be worthwhile for you to speak with him.  I am not 
advocating this play just passing on the message.
Steve Paras 718-630-5611
He will be in Houston on Friday.
Delainey
Mary, none outside of Enron plans.
Delainey
Jim, this sounds like an ambush Dave 
I am trying to obtain an attendance list as well as confirm the other 
speakers on the panel.  The initial list of speakers included the Governor of 
California and the Governor of Pennsylvania, although I am not sure if they 
are coming.  If ESCA gets Davis and Ridge, I think that we would have a good 
opportunity for you.
Once I have more information I'll be in contact.
Jim
David W Delainey@ECT
10/02/2000 12:53 PM
Jim, I am not sure that this will attract the people we want to hear the 
message; however, I will hold back judgement until we discuss the strategy in 
more detail.
Delainey
Dave 
Alstom ESCA is holding "Summit 2000" in Las Vegas Oct 16 - Oct 17.  The 
purpose of the meeting is to bring together people from throughout the 
industry to discuss key issues 
Alstom ESCA is a French company that builds EMS systems in the US.  They 
developed the EMS for Enron's control areas.  We are working with them on 
Project e-trans (the RTO software).
The first panel in the am on Monday involves Re-regulation and Competition They would like someone from Enron to present and participate.  Right now, 
they have  Pacificorp and are trying to get someone from government in PA and 
CA.  The presentation / speech is 10 - 15 minutes followed by 30 minutes of 
Q&A for the panel.
Do you have any interest in presenting?  This could be a good opportunity to 
deliver our message throughout the industry.
Please let me know.
Thanks,
Jim
Guys, assuming that we receive $7M for the 6B's what is our cost basis in the 
Barges?
Delainey
Brian Redmond
09/29/2000 04:56 PM
Dave:
Status of the 6Bs:  Enron Nigeria has sent us $7.1MM for the two turbines We have an agreed turbine purchase contract that we have executed and that 
Enron Nigeria are supposed to execute today.  Per our discussion, Wes C suggested that we push the $2.0MM additional write down as well as the $7.1 
turbine purchase revenue to Q4.
Status of LIPA/Barges:   We are working in two directions.  Currently, we 
are 
1. Finding a buyer for either the LIPA PPA/Barges together, or just the 
barges by themselves
2. Discussing with LIPA, the Power Desk, and BargeCo to find an acceptable 
PPA structure and barge price to meet our risk/return criteria.
The decision tree for the LIPA deal is as follows:
IF: The LIPA PPA can be structured to be unit contingent for energy,
AND: The power desk can get comfortable with the capacity availability 
risk (discussions ongoing)
AND: The economics of the deal are acceptable given the price for 
replacement capacity charged by the desk.
AND: All permitting issues are either resolved or resolvable
OR,
IF: We can find an "as-is, where-is" buyer for the Barges with/without the 
PPA (ConEd, Montauk, NRG)
THEN: 
ENA will purchase the barges from BargeCo (Barges are currently located in 
Brooklyn) 
ELSE: 
We will not purchase the barges and will shut down the LIPA deal 
1. LIPA:  We will fall back on permitting issues and schedule to as a reason 
to stop working on the deal.
2. BargeCo:  The barges will have a lower performance than what was 
originally stated by BargeCo.  Additional capital investment would be 
required to meet our performance requirements - our position is that this 
additional cost must be borne by BargeCo.  We do not, however, want to 
implement this action until we have sold the 6B turbines to Enron Nigeria so 
that we are sure this transaction is completed.
David W Delainey
09/29/2000 08:25 AM
Guys, what are we going to do with this contract and the barges?  My 
understanding is that we have a done deal on the 6B's.  Is this correct?  I 
may be a nervous nellie but I would like to put all this stuff behind us (ie) 
no more 6B's or barges.
Delainey
Jim, I am not sure that this will attract the people we want to hear the 
message; however, I will hold back judgement until we discuss the strategy in 
more detail.
Delainey
Dave 
Alstom ESCA is holding "Summit 2000" in Las Vegas Oct 16 - Oct 17.  The 
purpose of the meeting is to bring together people from throughout the 
industry to discuss key issues 
Alstom ESCA is a French company that builds EMS systems in the US.  They 
developed the EMS for Enron's control areas.  We are working with them on 
Project e-trans (the RTO software).
The first panel in the am on Monday involves Re-regulation and Competition They would like someone from Enron to present and participate.  Right now, 
they have  Pacificorp and are trying to get someone from government in PA and 
CA.  The presentation / speech is 10 - 15 minutes followed by 30 minutes of 
Q&A for the panel.
Do you have any interest in presenting?  This could be a good opportunity to 
deliver our message throughout the industry.
Please let me know.
Thanks,
Jim
Rick, I disagree - the DASH had an implication unsubstantiated that the 
current deal on the table is a bad one.  I believe that RAC should provide a 
clear opinion or say directly that the analysis is deficient.
It is too easy to state the obvious.
Delainey
In my opion this DASH did exactly what it was supposed to do - prompt a 
dialog on whether we are getting an adequate price for this asset. My 
understanding is that no model was built to value an alternative nor was 
there any effort to market the company. If we want to "take the money and 
run" (whhich in this case is probably the right decision) fine, but we should 
know what we are leaving behind, especially given the current commodity price 
environment.  Rick
David, you may be getting to the nub here.  Ultimately, this is a lot more 
art than science.  It will be difficult to come up with a mathematic decision 
rule to manage this process.  I am looking to the opinions of yourself, Ray, 
Dick and Jeff, given the facts in each case, does this appear to be a good 
trade given the market, the specifics of the company, the carrying costs of 
the asset and perhaps our desire to increase capital flow to higher return 
assets (ROCE >25 
This is clearly not a fire sale and I trust the opinion or consensus that 
comes from this group.  As a result, I need to have a positve consensus from 
this group in each case.
Delainey
David Gorte
09/29/2000 09:48 AM
Dave,
Your comments on the Basic DASH are well-taken.  We will clarify what RAC 
views as the current valuation of Basic as well as RAC's recommendation with 
respect to this divestiture and modify the DASH as quickly as possible.
Your comments prompted a question with regard to ENA's divestiture strategy Is it correct to assume that if we use a typical market liquidity premium of 
30% (i.e., future divestiture proceeds are 70% of the expected terminal value 
at the divestiture date to account for potential changes in future market 
conditions) in a sale deferral scenario and this deferral results in a higher 
NPV at the RAC capital price than the proposed sale proceeds, ENA would elect 
to retain the asset?  Or should a higher than "market" capital price be 
assigned by RAC to these assets earmarked for divestiture?
,
Dave
Guys, what are we going to do with this contract and the barges?  My 
understanding is that we have a done deal on the 6B's.  Is this correct?  I 
may be a nervous nellie but I would like to put all this stuff behind us (ie) 
no more 6B's or barges.
Delainey
Given the current tremendous energy market volatility and as we stretch 
resources to make our commercial goals for 2000, we think it would be 
appropriate to postpone the ENA 2000 Offsite to early next year.  I trust 
this meets with your approval and thanks for all the hard work.
Dave and John
David, I have a problem with the RAC comments made on page #2 of the DASH Specifically, the two paragraphs basically add no value and just confuse the 
reader (ie) what is your opinion?  Is this a good sale or can significant 
recovery (on a risk adjusted basis) occur if we convert the sub debt and 
infuse more equity?  Are we not receiving enough value from the CFPC given 
the possible recovery of this sector 
The DASH is deficient in its view of Basic's prospects given current energy 
prices.
Jeff/Dick/Ray, what are your opinions?
Independent of the desire to move on - what is the right call - I do not want 
to give value away in any divestiture or restructuring. 
Delainey
Jeff, I think we should take a quick review of the existing PI portfolio to 
see where we are and where we want to go - we have with the completion of 
FCEL made a tremedous amount of investment in a very short period of time 
$60 to $80M.  I would like to  hear how we are moving to monetize more 
mature investments and influence/generate value from the earlier stage 
investments.  I don't want to approve any further investments until we have 
had such a discussion.
Delainey
Ike, it is unfortunate we could not make this work yesterday; but I 
understand your position.  In the interest of facilitating continuing 
dialogue and perhaps giving you our view on how we analyze such positions, I 
will send you our document.  I would suggest that we try to set up a follow 
up meeting in early October once you have completed your work.
Dave Delainey
Dave
Thanks for your September 25 email.  TVA is currently developing the numbers
we agreed to share in our meeting last week, but given the importance of
this effort, TVA is going to need additional time.  Trying to complete the
task by this afternoon did not prove feasible.  We can, however, have this
information ready by October 13.
I will give you a call to discuss a mutually satisfactory method for
exchanging the information.
Ike Zeringue
This is a reminder !!!!!  There will be a Friday Meeting September 29th, 
2000 
Date:  September 29, 2000
Friday
Time:   2:30 pm - 4:30 pm
Location:  30C1
Topic:   ENA Management Committee
If you have any questions or conflicts, please feel free to call me (3-0643).
Thanks,
Kay 3-0643
Guys, can you give me an update on what this deal is about - e-mail would be 
fine?
Delainey
Guys, how are the business units doing on the "talent pipeline" since we have 
put this on auto-pilot?  Is HR still providing resumes 
Delainey
Bruce, obviously ENA does not have a problem with this.
Delainey
Bruce Lundstrom@_DEVELOPMENT
09/25/2000 04:54 PM
Sent by: Liz N Martinez@_DEVELOPMENT
General Counsels -
At the direction of the Enron APACHI Office of the Chairman, I am sending 
this e-mail to you pursuant to the Enron Corp. Policy on Noncompetition.  I 
would appreciate if you would check with your CEO/COO regarding this e-mail 
and respond to me by Friday, September 29 if you have questions or concerns Enron APACHI may need to commit to the following provisions (that bind Enron 
affiliates) by Monday, October 2.
Given the consolidating power generation market in Asia Pacific, Enron Asia 
Pacific/Africa/China (Enron APACHI) is proposing to enter into a transaction 
with Marubeni and Sithe Asia to combine the respective power generation 
portfolios into a single company (Newco).  Newco would be charged with making 
the shareholders' investments as liquid as possible to allow for sale of the 
shareholders' respective stakes in Newco 
The shareholders believe that Newco must not be seen by the market as a 
"dumping ground" for existing power projects but rather as the vehicle 
through which the investors will continue to pursue power generation 
opportunities in Asia.  As a result, Enron APACHI proposes to include 
competition restrictions in the Marubeni/Enron Shareholder Agreement that 
would bind their respective affiliates 
The following is a summary of these competition provisions:
Enron affiliates (with the exceptions stated below) could only develop or own 
power projects in the Asia Pacific Region (as defined below) after first 
offering the opportunity to Newco.  If Newco declines the opportunity, Enron 
would be free to own the project itself or offer the project to third parties 
provided that the terms do not materially improve.  Development or ownership 
does not include the provision of construction, O&M, offtaker or risk 
management services.
There are a number of exceptions to this rule:  (a) small projects involving 
20 MW or less; (b) projects in which Enron owns less than a 1/3 interest; (c) 
projects initiated by our SK joint venture; (d) Korean projects using natural 
gas produced by Enron; (e) projects obtained in a corporate acquisition in 
which Asia generation is less than 20% of the value of the acquisition; and 
(f) situations in which any Enron company would be exposed to fiduciary 
liability to another shareholder in complying with the competition 
restriction.
"Affiliates" will be defined to exclude Enron affiliates which are 
publicly-owned (e.g., Azurix).
"Asia Pacific Region" will be defined to include Brunei, China (including 
Hong Kong and Macau), South Korea, North Korea, Taiwan, Vietnam, Laos, 
Cambodia, Thailand, Myanmar, the Philippines, Malaysia, Indonesia, East 
Timor, Singapore, Papua New Guinea and the Pacific Islands (including Guam, 
Saipan, the Federated States of Micronesia, and Fiji, but excluding Hawaii It does not include Japan and Australia.
The competition clause would survive until the earlier of (a) Enron selling 
its interest in Newco or (b) December 31, 2003.
Thank you,
Bruce Lundstrom, General Counsel, Enron APACHI
Chris, this sounds good.  It would be helpful for us (the overall power 
business) to have a common set of metrics and reports that evaluate the 
effectiveness and importance of the mid market effort.  I think we all 
believe this is an important skill or capability that needs to measured and 
rewarded.
Key metrics may include: a)coverage metrics against target customers (ie) 
customer contact ;b) forward deal flow or hot list; c)completed transactions 
and origination; and d) EOL customer sign-ons and deal flow.
I look forward to sitting down to discuss.
Delainey
Dave:
I spoke with Ed Baughman about the reports he is generating to measure Middle 
Market Group "coverage" in the East.  I also met with Greg Wolfe. and Tim B. 
to get their feedback as to how the East Desk Middle Market Reports reports 
should be used/modified for the West.  As a result of these discussions, 
along with discussions with others in the Middle Market Group, effective 
October 1, we will begin to more systematically measure certain behaviors, 
such as customer telephone calls, in addition to origination.  By focusing on 
behaviors, and not simply results, our hope is to expand the pool of 
customers and information and improve our marketing effort.  I will be 
working with Ed to try to standarize the approach within EPMI.
It is my understanding that you will be in Portland for a QBR toward the end 
of October.  I look forward to reviewing our plans for coverage metrics and 
our first results with you then 
Let me know if you want to discuss this approach prior to your visit 
Thanks!
Chris
David W Delainey
09/15/2000 03:07 PM
Guys, I appreciate the quality work and deal flow that you are generating In an effort to measure and reward performance from our middle market groups 
we have attempted to come up with several standardized reports to be issued 
monthly and to be reviewed at the QBR.  I am a strong believer in that what 
is measured and rewarded gets done.  As well, the middle market capability is 
crucial to the continued growth of our business; therefore, reporting metrics 
which define high performance will ensure great deal makers get rewarded and 
that  you will be able to attract high quality talent into the mid market 
groups.  Baughman and Presto have created a number of reports and metrics for 
the East Power group, I would like you to take a look and let me know how 
they should be changed to reflect the business in the West.  Upon agreement 
on the metrics, I would like issue these reports on a monthly basis.
Tammy Sheppherd will get you a copy of the reports/metrics utilized in the 
East.
Delainey
Dave/John:
As you know, EPMI West recently has closed numerous longer-dated transactions 
(through 2002 and beyond) with munis and other direct counterparties (not 
marketers).  Several of these resulted due to close coordination between the 
Originator from Chris Calger's Group, the Middle Marketer and the Trader, 
each with a different role, working out the split of origination to 
everyone's satisfaction. Tim Belden (see below) thought you might be 
interested in the attached spreadsheet listing some of these key deals done 
this year 
Please let me know if you want further details on the transactions 
(503/464-3822).
Thanks!
Chris
Could you please send an e-mail to Delainey, Lavorato, and Calger summarizing 
our long term deals done this year.  It should be pretty short with just the 
facts.  The deals I can think of are Kaiser, Roseville, Santa Clara, Redding, 
and Merced.  They didn't ask for it, but I think it would be nice to do a 
quick, short, sweet piece of Portland Orig/Middle Market PR.  Let me know 
your thoughts.
John, completely agree with your view - David, I would have the matrix, with 
all of the ENA statistics and names, ready for distribution on Friday to the 
key managers to try and illicit a response from the low participation folks.
Delainey
John J Lavorato@
09/27/2000 09:08 AM
I hope the data on these performance reviews is wrong.  I think we need 100% 
of reviews done.  Do you agree.
Attached, for your information is a matrix reflecting the status of completed 
reviews from the mid-year 2000 process.  This is broken down by ENA 
organization units, as they were structured at mid-year, prior to the 
creation of EGM and EIM.
I will provide you with a weekly update on the status.
Please call me at X36628 should you have any questions.
ok with me
Guys, please take a read of the draft memo - would like to send out tommorrow.
Delainey
John, I think you may want to be part of this.
Delainey
This meeting has been moved to Wednesday, October 11th @ 9:00 in the same 
location.  Thank you.
Brian Redmond has requested a meeting to discuss Systems Outsourcing on 
Friday, Oct., 6, in Dave Delainey's office, EB3314 @ 2:00 PM with Dave 
Delainey, Greg Whalley, Philipe Bibi and Jean Mrha.  If this time does not 
work for you, please call Lillian Carroll @ 37271.  Thank you. 
Paul, I had a look at the pitch and I thought it was an intriguing idea.  I 
think it works welll in allocating resources between competing "going 
concerns" but may be more difficult to allocate people to new  businesses 
that may not have the income to fund the best talent.  I also wonder if the 
cost of creating, managing and maintaining a market like this is greater than 
the overall benefit achieved over the existing system.  In its own often 
clumbsy looking way Enron's culture does allocate capital and people fairly 
effectively.
Obviously, these are very cursory remarks - I have not spent a great deal of 
time on this.
Delainey
Thanks
Brian Redmond has requested a meeting to discuss Systems Outsourcing on 
Friday, Oct., 6, in Dave Delainey's office, EB3314 @ 2:00 PM with Dave 
Delainey, Greg Whalley, Philipe Bibi and Jean Mrha.  If this time does not 
work for you, please call Lillian Carroll @ 37271.  Thank you. 
Chris, as per our discussion, I just want to confirm that we have the ability 
to break the contract with the EPC provider at any time.  Further, I want to 
confirm that our costs will be minimal and that this whole process (ie 
putting a number on a term sheet) has been based on trying to maximize the 
short run value of the project.  In other works, we have no intention of 
lifting their offer.  Finally, we are not ordering HRSG's or steam turbines.
These guys add no value and they are killing me!
Delainey
David W Delainey
09/26/2000 07:12 PM
Guys, I have explained the strategy/tactics that have lead to this position 
in some detail.  In my opinion the company is not at risk and potentially ENA 
could create significant value from a project that we have very little 
invested.  I understand the construction risk on the bid as much as anyone 
and we have no intention of lifting their offer. As far as EECC involvement, 
as I had mentioned, Coleman was a part of all these discussions.  I will 
argue that Mike and the ENA deal team made the right call necessary to 
maximize return in the short run for Enron without investing significant 
dollars or taking significant risks.
Obviously, I was unsuccessful in explaining such a sophisticated strategy.
Delainey
Dick Westfahl@_DEVELOPMENT
09/26/2000 09:30 AM
Dave:
See attached memo.
Thanks,
Dick
Guys, I have explained the strategy/tactics that have lead to this position 
in some detail.  In my opinion the company is not at risk and potentially ENA 
could create significant value from a project that we have very little 
invested.  I understand the construction risk on the bid as much as anyone 
and we have no intention of lifting their offer. As far as EECC involvement, 
as I had mentioned, Coleman was a part of all these discussions.  I will 
argue that Mike and the ENA deal team made the right call necessary to 
maximize return in the short run for Enron without investing significant 
dollars or taking significant risks.
Obviously, I was unsuccessful in explaining such a sophisticated strategy.
Delainey
Dick Westfahl@_DEVELOPMENT
09/26/2000 09:30 AM
Dave:
See attached memo.
Thanks,
Dick
Krista , you are very welcome - best of luck in the future.
Delainey
Jim, I have forwarded your binder to David Oxley to set up a meeting for the 
wholesale group to discuss appropriate homes for your people.  It has taken a 
little longer than expected to get people together but we are making 
progress.  It may be helpful for you to identify, like Abe, where these folks 
would like to go if they had their druthers.
It may be worthwhile for us to have a quick phone call to discuss.
Delainey
Ok - you got the ball.
Delainey
Thanks Dave.   This 12 MW output increase is at 90 degrees and we could 
easily demonstrate this increased output with a capacity test for any 
potential buyer.  Therefore, the increased sales value is real.
Mitch, Mike and myself will sort this out to maximize value for Enron (and 
ENA).
Joe, part of this deal is repayment of the sub debt at par and a series of 
cashflows that we would probably like to monetize.  Have you looked at this?
Jeff, I would like to get your view on the economics - basically they are 
giving us 89% of our carry value in cash and 11% of our carry value in a 
contingent payment payable at restructuring or sale of their partnership Lets discuss ASAP.
Delainey
At Dave Duran's request I have attached for your information two files 
containing a term sheet from El Paso reflecting the final terms as negotiated 
and a spreadsheet analysis of the valuation of that offer ($206.6mm).  The 
offer analysis uses a discount rate on the El Paso Deferred and Scheduled 
Payments of 8.25%.  This rate is the middle of the range of a recent quote 
from Treasury/RAC as to the expected rate at which we will be able to 
monetize this payment stream.  The Contingent Payments are in the form of a 
residual preferred partnership interest that we will retain and are 
discounted at the current project rate with a probability adjustment.  The 
residual partnership interest should allow us to fair value these contingent 
payments (as we are currently doing on the existing contingent payments) and 
should also be beneficial to the tax structure of the transaction.
good job - keep them coming!
Delainey
Kay, can you set up a dinner with Randall.
Thanks
Randall Curry@
09/25/2000 06:40 PM
Dave,
Thanks for following through with the contact.  As we discussed, the 
discussions we had with Calpine were at a local level and very preliminary, 
with Bridgeline indicating to Calpine that we are always open to looking at 
ways that will enhance shareholder value.  I agree with you that at this time 
it has a low probability of evolving into anything 
On a separate note, I would like to take you up on your offer of your time 
and resources.  I know that Bridgeline is a very small component of the 
things that are on your radar screen, but if it is not too much of an 
imposition, I would like to have a one on one discussion with you concerning 
a few of the issues we discussed at the management committee mtg.
I want to make sure that I am crystal clear on the perspectives and desires 
of both parents.  Coming from Texaco, I feel like I have a good feel for 
Texaco's short and long term expectations for the partnership, however I 
would like to dig a little deeper with you on a few of the issues we 
discussed at the management committee mtg, and a couple of your points in 
your follow up email to me.
The afternoon or evening would work best for me, and I would be happy to pick 
up the tab for dinner one night if that fits with your schedule.  The balance 
of this week is kind of tight, however, the week of September 2nd and 9th are 
fairly open with the exception of Tuesday night the 3rd.
Thanks for your help, look forward to talking to you soon. 
Randy
David W Delainey@ECT
09/22/2000 06:48 PM
Randy, Scott Healy contacted Bob Kelly at Calpine about Calpine's potential 
interest in Bridgeline and he found that Kelly and Cartwright had no real 
knowledge of the potential deal.  Likely this originates at the local level 
and is probably a long put.  Kelly was going to get back to Scott with more 
detail over the next week.
Delainey
Ike, with the danger of being too presumptious,  I thought I would follow up 
with an e-mail to suggest a procedure for trading settlement offers on 
Wednesday.  Attached I have a suggested template for each party to use so 
that we can ensure that we are comparing "apples to apples".  I would also 
suggest that each party provide sufficient back-up to justify their numbers It may also be helpful for TVA and EPMI to use an independent party, such as 
Charles Bone, as the intermediary to facilitate the transfer of each parties 
settlement offer.
I am in the office over the next several days. Lets discuss at your earliest 
convenience.
Dave Delainey
Christi, I was unable to open the file can you please send a hard copy 
Delainey
On 9/21, EPMI filed a protest (Below) against AEP/CSW's 3 year update request 
to continue market based rates for power marketing.  The filing includes 
examples of discriminatory behavior on OASIS (for ATCs, etc.) that 
potentially benefitted AEP's marketing side. 
EPMI has already protested Entergy's request for continuation of MBRs earlier 
this year, and plans to protest other large utility-based power marketer MBR 
filings this fall.  Let me know if you would like the list.  Thanks.
** High Priority 
Christi -
Attached is the final filing in word.  I also sent you a hard copy on Friday.
- aep.doc
Guys, Power Systems has given me a proposal to replace the New Albany and 
Doyle 7B burners.  This could possibly have two benefits:
a) elimination of the possibly tainted equipment given current patent issues 
they are having with GE and
b) apparently the newer technology significantly reduces the Nox emission 
correlating into increased operating hours.
I need two things to determine if we want to move forward:
a) Mark we need to be bullet proof on the patent (or lack thereof) issues on 
the new equipment and that it would protect us from further exposure and
b) Mitch, Kevin, Mike and Bob, I need your technical and commercial opinions 
on the merits of this proposal (ie) do you as a team support this proposal?
I believe the timing on this is rather short. Please get back to me at your 
earliest convenience. I will forward a copy of the proposal to each of you.
Delainey
Kevin, I am not sure that you will get credit from the buyer for the 
increased MW's given well known industry issues with the 501F technology Further, any buyer will pay based upon 90 degree output which is the same in 
any case (ie) increased output only helps when ambient temperatures are lower 
than 90 degrees at site.  Likely the buyer will run any spread option value 
or multiple value based on 90 degree output.
I may be wrong but it is also my recollection that this is a warranty issue 
rather than a true output issue (ie) we could increase the MW's at any time 
but we would likely run into warranty issues with Westinghouse.  Given that 
the warranty expires in less than twelve months, what value do we really 
get.  Would it not be better to get the maximum amount of hard dollars out of 
Westinghouse rather than an increase in output which will only be guaranteed 
for a limited amount of time and likely will not be paid for by a buyer.
The thought process on the EECC side is for them to find overhead and cost 
savings to fund their fee ($9.0M) rather than further increase to the capital 
cost of the facilities.  As well, given current accounting language, any fee 
we pay will have to be expensed to current earnings rather than capitalized 
so I would like to find ways for this to be self financing.
My knowledge on this one is rather cursory - can you guys work this out and 
adjust tactics with EECC as necessary.
Delainey
Given the probable sale of these 2 facilities, I would like clarification on 
the LD proceeds from Westinghouse.  See questions/points below.
1)  Izzo has claimed that you (Delainey) has agreed to pay EE&CC for 
construction services in the form of Westinghouse LD payments.  Is this 
correct?
2)  I am concerned that EE&CC will settle for cash payment from Westihnghouse 
(Heat Rate & Schedule penalties) rather than increased output.
3)  Given a sale at $450/kW, increased output is worth $5 million vs. the 
$1-2 million we would collect for schedule and Heat Rate LD's.
4)  My recommendation is to trade the HR and schedule shortfall for increased 
output at Gleason to maximize total Enron profitability.
From ENA's perspective we should collect the schedule penalty at Wheatland 
only and insist on the 12 MW additional output at Gleason.  This combination 
provides the best value to Enron.
If Izzo's form of payment for the construction jobs is Westinghouse LD's, 
then he will be motivated to recieve cash payment.  Please provide me the 
necessary feedback to ensure that we do the right thing for Enron.
Thanks Dave.
Randy, Scott Healy contacted Bob Kelly at Calpine about Calpine's potential 
interest in Bridgeline and he found that Kelly and Cartwright had no real 
knowledge of the potential deal.  Likely this originates at the local level 
and is probably a long put.  Kelly was going to get back to Scott with more 
detail over the next week.
Delainey
Guys, as usual the investment is subject to RAC review and a DASH.
Delainey
David W Delainey
09/22/2000 06:32 PM
Guys, I have spoken to Cliff and Mark and we are comfortable moving forward 
under the structure we have discussed.
FCEL: - $5MM in equity and 1.3MM warrants from corporate treasury stock that 
vest based upon 60MW of orders;
- discussion with FCEL in which we disclose ALL infromation we have about 
the potential Conn. deal - I will require that myself and Mark be on   that 
call;
- the transaction is fully press released immediately.
CRRA: - subject to final due diligence on the development risks, we provide 
the management and wrap for CRRA on the potential fuel cell development opportunity that consists of between 25 and 50 MW;
- any appropriation of funds from the government will require DPUC hearing 
at which we will fully disclose in a factual manner our interest in    FCEL.
I will require that Mark Haedicke manage this process and sign off on all 
press releases, term sheets, disclosure discussions, contracts and regulatory 
filings.  I believe that we have this managed appropriately as long as we 
manage the process as per the script and in a factual manner.
Thanks
Delainey
Guys, I have spoken to Cliff and Mark and we are comfortable moving forward 
under the structure we have discussed.
FCEL: - $5MM in equity and 1.3MM warrants from corporate treasury stock that 
vest based upon 60MW of orders;
- discussion with FCEL in which we disclose ALL infromation we have about 
the potential Conn. deal - I will require that myself and Mark be on   that 
call;
- the transaction is fully press released immediately.
CRRA: - subject to final due diligence on the development risks, we provide 
the management and wrap for CRRA on the potential fuel cell development opportunity that consists of between 25 and 50 MW;
- any appropriation of funds from the government will require DPUC hearing 
at which we will fully disclose in a factual manner our interest in    FCEL.
I will require that Mark Haedicke manage this process and sign off on all 
press releases, term sheets, disclosure discussions, contracts and regulatory 
filings.  I believe that we have this managed appropriately as long as we 
manage the process as per the script and in a factual manner.
Thanks
Delainey
Guys, HR should be in touch with you with regard to a couple of people that I 
have agreed to take from CALME:
Donahue  - Maria Elena Garcia - Director;
Duran   - Boris Feschiev - Manager;
- Mark Provenzano - Manager.
Delainey
Sent by: Kay Chapman
This is a reminder !!!!!  There will Not be a Friday Meeting September 22nd, 
2000 
Date:   Off Week
Time     Location  
Topic:   ENA Management Committee
If you have any questions or conflicts, please feel free to call me (3-0643).
Thanks,
Kay 3-0643
ok
This is a reminder !!!!!  There will Not be a Friday Meeting September 22nd, 
2000 
Date:   Off Week
Time     Location  
Topic:   ENA Management Committee
If you have any questions or conflicts, please feel free to call me (3-0643).
Thanks,
Kay 3-0643
FYI
Christopher F Calger
09/20/2000 04:29 PM
Dave,
I spoke with Frank Gardner, the acting President of the mine.  The mine has 
shut down due to high power prices and they are evaluating reopening it later 
this year.  John Malowney in our mid-market group has covered these guys very 
well (Frank acknowledged that).  EPMI has served this load in the past and 
made numerous proposals to them during the past year.  Montana rejected 
these, including the attached proposal that offered to fix prices well below 
the current forward market price.  John has also proposed various 
cross-commodity (copper) deals with our MG affiliate.  John will discuss 
their situation with Frank and I will follow up from time to time.  I do not 
think there is an attractive generation opportunity as Montana is net long 
and the industrials' credit is marginal.  We will keep you posted if anything 
materializes. 
,
Chris
John Malowney
09/20/2000 02:08 PM
Chris, I called MRI but Frank was too busy to take the call so I left my name 
and number and said if nothing else I'd see him on the 5th of October.  Just 
so you'll know, attached is a sample Term Sheet that I have previously showed 
MRI.  Note the prices that were "too high" at the time.    John
Randall, I appreciate the invite - I would like to continue to be involved It was a pleasure to meet you and your team.
The several things on my radar screen with Bridgeline include:
a) improving the financial performance of the entity;
b) ensuring that the risk management and trading capability and structure 
matches ENA's technology, structure, systems, accountability and policies in 
every manner.  In my view, this is not a negotiable item and will only 
benefit Bridgeline on a go forward basis;
c) continue to move from the "heavy lifting" approach to becoming the 
"smartest pipe" that can harness improved returns by capitalizing on your 
people, your information advantage and I believe somewhat of a first mover 
advantage given the continued consolidation of the intrastate competitors 
(ie) Entergy/Koch/FPL. We will be very supportive of innovative and 
aggressive positions that are well thought out and downsides defined; and
d) increasing the underlying liquidity of our capital position in Bridgeline.
My time and resources are at your disposal.
Delainey
Jim, agree with you - why don't you set up some time for us to speak and go 
through the Regulatory report and iniatives.
Delainey
James D Steffes@EES
09/20/2000 08:54 AM
Dave -
FYI 
While comprehensive electricity reform legislation looks very dead, there are 
those that are pushing "stand-alone" legislation before Congress.  Attached 
is a letter that Enron will sign on to that opposes stand-alone PUHCA 
reform.   This bill is being pushed by Mid-American.
Government Affairs continues to oppose all stand-alone legislation Basically our only real leverage is to keep PUHCA, PURPA, reliability, and 
wholesale access legislation linked in a comprehensive bill.  This may incent 
the holdouts to agree to our needs.
If you need any additional information, please let me know.
Thanks,
Jim
Richard Shapiro
09/20/2000 07:05 AM
We should do it. Thanks.
Cynthia Sandherr@
09/19/2000 03:29 PM
Unless we hear concerns from you, we plan to lend Enron's name to the 
attached letter to the Congressional leadership opposing the MidAmerican 
attempt to pass modified, stand-alone PUHCA repeal.  Others signing-on so far 
include:  ELCON, TAPS, Calpine, City Utilities of Springfield, Consumers for 
Fair Competition, Missouri River Energy Services, and Northern California 
Power Agency.  The letter is to be sent Thursday, September 21st so please 
advise if you have concerns no later than close of business the day before.
Thanks.
- PUHCA letter3 9-00.doc
David, on a go forwards basis, please ensure that there is a technical sign 
off on the principal investments DASH.  I would like either Bob Virgo or 
Wayne Mays to have a look at these investments from a technical due diligence 
point of view and to be on side before the investment is made.
Delainey
Guys, I would like to add the following commentary to the DASH which will 
better reflect my thinking around this investment.  The current text suggests 
that there is significant strategic advantage for ENA to be a participant in 
the fund.  I do not think that is the case; however, I do see some merits in 
the investment based on the needs of Enron's Global Finance group.  I would 
suggest toning down the strategic advantages and add the following:
It is unlikely that given the funds target returns that the it will be an 
effective permanent monetization vehicle for ENA's strategic and merchant investments; however, Enron Global Finance believes that the investment is 
important for the following reasons:
a) provides an additional "Friend of Enron" to facilitate short to medium 
term balance sheet and regulatory solution to highly structured    commodity 
and capital transactions in the wholesale group;
b) provides alternative sources of short term capital liquidity and
c) by further developing the relationship with AIG provides collateral 
benefits for Enron's overall Global Finance capability and business.
ENA would have a requirement that this investments be hedged through Raptor 
and be managed by the Enron Global Finance Group.
Delainey
Jeff Donahue
09/01/2000 06:06 PM
Dave:
Attached is a draft of the responsibility and timing for all the assets in 
the portfolio.  I was in meetings today and was not able to sit down with 
Dick but will do so on Tuesday to move the majority, all except Heartland, 
from '01 to '00.
Expect a revised version no later than Wednesday.
Jeff
Guys, I appreciate the quality work and deal flow that you are generating In an effort to measure and reward performance from our middle market groups 
we have attempted to come up with several standardized reports to be issued 
monthly and to be reviewed at the QBR.  I am a strong believer in that what 
is measured and rewarded gets done.  As well, the middle market capability is 
crucial to the continued growth of our business; therefore, reporting metrics 
which define high performance will ensure great deal makers get rewarded and 
that  you will be able to attract high quality talent into the mid market 
groups.  Baughman and Presto have created a number of reports and metrics for 
the East Power group, I would like you to take a look and let me know how 
they should be changed to reflect the business in the West.  Upon agreement 
on the metrics, I would like issue these reports on a monthly basis.
Tammy Sheppherd will get you a copy of the reports/metrics utilized in the 
East.
Delainey
Dave/John:
As you know, EPMI West recently has closed numerous longer-dated transactions 
(through 2002 and beyond) with munis and other direct counterparties (not 
marketers).  Several of these resulted due to close coordination between the 
Originator from Chris Calger's Group, the Middle Marketer and the Trader, 
each with a different role, working out the split of origination to 
everyone's satisfaction. Tim Belden (see below) thought you might be 
interested in the attached spreadsheet listing some of these key deals done 
this year 
Please let me know if you want further details on the transactions 
(503/464-3822).
Thanks!
Chris
Could you please send an e-mail to Delainey, Lavorato, and Calger summarizing 
our long term deals done this year.  It should be pretty short with just the 
facts.  The deals I can think of are Kaiser, Roseville, Santa Clara, Redding, 
and Merced.  They didn't ask for it, but I think it would be nice to do a 
quick, short, sweet piece of Portland Orig/Middle Market PR.  Let me know 
your thoughts.
pls set up
Jordan Mintz
09/11/2000 08:53 AM
Dave: Do you think your and Lavo's schedules would permit your coming to one 
of my Staff Meetings.  We typically meet on Thursday's at 5pm, but could 
easily modify.  I have an "eclectic" Group of around 35 that would enjoy the 
opportunity to hear from you guys for a half hour or so with a couple of Q&As.
Let me know.  Thanks.
Jordan
PS- Morris and I were in Calgary last week to discuss our Tax position and 
mitigation strategies, Slugger acquisition (I am not confident that we will 
see any benefits this year if we complete this deal.  As Rob may have told 
you, it is moving real slow), transfer pricing, etc.  I think things went 
really well and I would be happy to provide you with more detail, if needed.
J
ok if Mark is ok.
Delainey
You caught us Richard Shapiro@
12/01/2000 02:02 PM
Hope you're enjoying the 40 "lit" pens- just wanted to let you know we've got 
your ENA  RC # to bill you for them...$2,000 ..... which just so happens to 
be the same amount that ENA billed me for the trip w/ you & Delainey back 
from Calgary  a few weeks ago...that's the trip during which  I hitched a 
ride  from you all ... amazing coincidence that the #'s are identical.... I'm 
wondering , though,whether I should be receiving a credit for the stamina 
required for a 4 1/2 hour trip w/ the two of  you??
Don, NewPort Generation has called me interested in the plants.
Delainey
George
George,
Thanks for the note and the message. I will try to call you later today, but
will send this note just in case I miss you.
While I am interested in following up with Tim about our project in the NW,
there are two other more pressing reasons for talking with the right guys at
Enron. First, we have just secured the rights to a 1600 MW plant in Texas -
permitting complete and just about ready for financing. We are also close to
securing the rights to a 800 MW project in Oklahoma. So we would like to
talk about tolling, etc. for both of those plants.
Also, word on the street is that Enron is not only selling existing
generating stations, but also its projects under development. I think I saw
a report that your CEO denied this. But, if there is any truth in the
statement, we would like to follow up, especially concerning the development
sites. It may be possible for us to take over development and have a tie
back to Enron for the marketing (and perhaps the operations) of the project.
Hope you are enjoying London,
Cheers,
Chuck
Chas - I left a message on your voice mail regarding Tim Belden, who heads
up our west power desk.  Tim can be reached at 503-464-3820 (Portland).
Tim - Chuck Brown is a principal in Newport Generation (Irvine), and is
developing a gas- fired merchant generating station in the Pacific
Northwest.  He would like to talk with you about a PPA / marketing
agreement for the output of the station.  His number is 949-475-9570.
Please contact Chuck to discuss the details.  Thanks.
I am in London this week and can be reached at 44-20-7783-4160 if either of
you would like any additional information.  Otherwise I leave it in your
capable hands to get together.
Cheers,
George
Guys,
This guy called me out of the blue and I thought that you might be interested 
in reading this..
P.
William Good  September 13, 2000
Dear Mr. Bibi,
After giving more thought to our initial conversation, I have attached a
short document comparing Blacklight's (BLP) technology to fuel cell
technology.  BLP is developing a technology for the distributed electric
market.  We have prototypes under development, and the costs for our
technology compare favorably to the existing market.  The brochure will
elaborate on the advantages of our technology.
As we discussed, BLP is an R&D firm contacting companies that might have
complementary assets which would expedite the commercialization of our
technology.  As a result of our first discussion, I understand that Enron
might not be interested in new generation technology.  I wanted to provide
you with additional information on BLP.  If Enron's strategies change,
please contact me.  If you know other companies interested in investing or
joint developing a new generation technology, please let me know.  Thank you
for taking the time to review our materials.
,
William Good
- GyroVSFuelCell0808.doc
Brian Redmond
09/14/2000 04:35 PM
Dave - FYI 
Brian
Randall Curry@
09/14/2000 10:42 AM
This note is a reminder of our Strategic Reveiw meeting scheduled for 9:00am, 
Tuesday September 19th, Suite 4400 3 Allen Center.  We will follow the 
Strategic Review meeting with our regularly scheduled management committee 
meeting.  Lunch will be served.  See you then.
FYI
Lets discuss
Delainey
Pam Benson@_DEVELOPMENT
09/13/2000 04:55 PM
Hello everyone!
Joe Sutton would like to have a meeting to discuss the above subject on 
Monday, September 18 at 10:00 am - Houston time.  If you plan to be in 
Houston at this time, please meet in Jeff's office.  A telecon number will be 
arranged and we will furnish this number to you tomorrow.
Due to Jeff's very busy September calendar - this is the only slot we could 
get.
Thanks for your support!
Mike, this appears to be a very reasonable settlement - proceed on this 
basis.  I assume this keeps my number in and around the $600 to $615MM for 
the 2000's all in.
Delainey
Mike J Miller
09/12/2000 01:55 PM
Dick,
I have done some more research on the cost versus Peaker Fee issue.  The 
numbers from ENA's side lay out as follows:
ENA Payments vs. NEPCO Costs  $4,449,000
ABB Breaker Costs/Estimate to Complete $   720,000
Reduction in Variable Overheads  $3,000,000
IDC on ENA Overpayments   $   200,000
Fixed Overhead Charged to Variable  $   180,000
Westinghouse L.D.'s- Gleason   $1,800,000
Westinghouse L.D.'s- Wheatland  $   500,000
Preliminary Total Reduction
in Project Costs                  $10,849,000
ENA Payments vs. NEPCO Costs:  ENA paid according to pre-determined cash 
curves every month.  NEPCO's actual costs appear to be coming in about $4.5 
MM less per the audit results that we both reviewed last Friday.
ABB Breaker Costs/Estimate to Complete:  When we met last Friday, there were 
$1,459,000 of Open P.O.'s and other items that NEPCO still needed to 
investigate and closeout, you have a copy of the detailed schedule prepared 
by Amy Spoede.  Of the $1,459,000, there was $720,000 showing as still owing 
to ABB for Circuit Breakers at Wilton Center.  ABB has informed ENA that they 
have been payed in full for quite some time, thus I believe that this 
$720,000 is an accounting phantom that NEPCO needs to clear up.
Reduction in Variable Overheads:  The $3,000,000 in variable overhead 
reduction is the number that you offered to cut this cost in our meeting last 
Friday.
IDC on ENA Overpayments:  As part of our agreement with EE&CC/NEPCO, ENA 
agreed to pay 2000 peaker construction costs based upon cash curves versus 
actual invoices.  The cash curves consistently overestimated NEPCO's actual 
disbursements, even after quarterly audits and true-ups.  NEPCO currently 
owes ENA over $200,000 in IDC at the cost of capital charged by Enron Corp.
Fixed Overhead Charged to Variable:  Some EE&CC/NEPCO personnel coded time 
against variable overheads that should have been charged against the 
pre-agreed fixed overheads. 
Westinghouse L.D.'s:  ENA paid Westinghouse directly for the turbines.  ENA 
has held back $3.5 MM of retainage pending resolution of L.D.'s EE&CC's/ENA's position is that Westinghouse owes $2.3 MM of L.D.'s ($1.8 MM Gleason, $0.5MM @ Wheatland).  The aforementioned L.D.'s are for delivery and 
schedule delays at Gleason and Wheatland.  There is an additional $1.0-1.6 MM 
of performance L.D.'s for missing heat rate guarantees at Gleason.  ENA will 
negotiate the performance L.D. settlement directly with Westinghouse because 
the cure will be getting additional MW's in trade against the L.D.'s Otherwise, Westinghouse can cure by minor unit modifications and re-test 
versus paying cash L.D.'s.  However, the Delivery and Schedule L.D.'s will 
still be negotiated by EE&CC.
Peaker Fee Settlement:  Based on our last meeting and additional research, I 
suggest the following path to quickly resolve the Peaker fee amount and 
payment.  If EE&CC will take over the risk/reward of the Delivery & Schedule 
L.D. issue with Westinghouse, then ENA will recharacterize the amounts 
detailed above as Peaker fee payment.  If EE&CC is successful in keeping all 
the Schedule L.D.'s from Westinghouse, then it would have a $10.85 MM fee 
versus $9.2 MM.  EE&CC only needs to keep $650,000 of the $2.3 MM of 
Westinghouse Schedule L.D.'s to have a $9.2 MM fee.
Please let me know how you would like to proceed from here.
,
Mike J Miller
Kay, please find room
September 28th or October 4th are both available.  Which would be best for 
you 
Thanks,
Kay
oops forgot to include you on this
Jen
Yes, How about  Thurs Sept 28 at 4 pm or Wednesday Oct 4 at 4 pm?
THanks
Jen
David W Delainey
09/06/2000 04:00 PM
Jennifer, is there another time?
Delainey
Dave, you will not be able to attend.....Excecutive Impact & Influence 
September 21 & 22 
Kay
David W Delainey
09/06/2000 03:37 PM
Jen, I would be pleased to attend - sorry for the delay on the e-mail.
Kay, please set up.
Delainey
Dave:
As a follow up to our conversations on the origination function within ENA, I 
was hoping that you could join us at our middle marketing team meeting on 
September 21 at 4:00 pm. I think it would be beneficial if you shared your 
views on origination currently and its role (s) in the future. This would 
also be an excellent forum for you to discuss ENA's short and long- term 
goals.
If this date is not amenable to you, please let me know when you would be 
available.
,
Jen
34759
Good note - don't think I could do better in style or timing!
Delainey
Janet R Dietrich
09/12/2000 12:05 PM
Hey guys, just a few housekeeping notes:
1.)  Employee Expenses:  We really need to try and trim the expenses where 
and whenever possible. Get your Assistants to make all reservations for 
air/hotel/car so that they can ensure the best rates for your needs. ENA (and 
our groups) spends an incredible amount of money on travel expenses and we 
really need to attempt to trim this back where we can. Efficiencies in 
booking can probably help a lot. That means use Vitol or TAP or whoever else 
if they're cheaper and give you good service. Letting your Assistants handle 
your travel arrangements will not only ensure the best rates, it should allow 
you to spend more time on more productive endeavors! 
2.)  Customer trips/expenses: Any customer expense greater than $2000 must be 
approved by the ENA Office of the Chairman in advance of the expenditure Your Assistants have the forms and once you've filled them out, I need to 
approve/sign them before going upstairs for approval.
3.)  All employee reviews should be completed by now for 
Directors/Managers/Associates/Analysts/ Assistants. All reviews should be 
written, signed by both the supervisor and employee, and given to Fran Mayes 
for filing.  Fran- If you have not received all written reviews by this 
Friday, please advise. This should include the 5 East Midstream groups and 
both the Gas and Power Structuring groups. We have just completed the VP PRC 
as of yesterday and I will be sitting down with each of the VP's for feedback 
over the next week.
4.) We are entering the homestretch for most of our deals this year and it is 
extremely important that we stay completely focused on doing everything 
possible to bring these deals to closure. Top priorities as I see them are as 
follows:
Ozzie Pagan:  TexMex, Alamac/Cogentrix, Green Jacket, Brazos/Tenaska
Jeff Ader:          NSTAR, CRRA,  Silver Oak, ConEd, NYSEG
Bruce Sukaly:  AES-NY, Assets (Cinergy/Wilton Plant/ Pontiac/Plano, 
EPNG/Wheatland, etc), AEC
Gil Muhl:            PSEG, NJN
Laura Luce:      Manlove Storage Monetization, HUB deals
Ben Jacoby:   Florida Merchant Plant, Continue building optionality on Site 
Bank, Coal Plant development
Ed and Bernie: Continue to drive the commodity deals to closure
We're definitely set up to execute on our 2000 business plan and strategy. 
The above deals are our #1 priority for the rest of the year. Let's stay very 
well coordinated on these deals and do everything we can to drive them to 
closure. Elevate any internal hurdles earlier rather than later and  I'll 
personally handle them.
There are many other deals I'd like to also see closed ( Tangerine and Ft. 
Pierce - George McCormick, Vepco/NC - Heather Kroll, ANP-Mark Bernstein, 
VNG/AGL- Ed McMichael, TXU- Jim Ducote, Energen/Haywood - Healy/Jacoby) and 
many others I'd like to continue to see get teed up for next year 
5.)  Please forward any information above to your groups if appropriate.
Thanks 
Jeff Ader is looking for a reserved parking spot.  He is presently parking on 
the Blue level and would like to have a reserved spot due to his frequent 
traveling and customer appointments that warrant his leaving the building, 
thus loosing his parking space. 
Thank you in advance for your prompt attention to this matter.
,
Kay   3-0643
Shawn Cumberland@_DEVELOPMENT
09/05/2000 08:04 PM
David:
As we discussed today, I am sending you this preliminary list of the Calme 
employees.  I will also fax a copy to your attention at the Drake Hotel.
We still have some work in progress on the allocations of certain people.
Upon your return we can begin to review the individuals on the list.
The enclosed list indicates the current proposed "New Roles" for each of the 
Calme employees.  As mentioned on the phone, we've allocated the employees 
among 
Deploy immediately (however, certain individuals will have residual jobs to 
complete)
Transition Team (TT) to carry out the deployments and asset disposals
LNG/Middle East to go to EGM
Southern Cone (SC) (for Venezuela and Colombia businesses)
EES (which primarily include our development engineers and certain 
technical/operations people)
The table also indicates the Calme senior people (Resp Pty) assigned to 
ensure that no individual falls through the cracks.
The column "Calme" merely indicates our current internal sub-groupings, and 
you may wish to ignore it.
Please give me a call if you have any questions.
Shawn
Guys, pending the sale of the Wilton Centre unit, I would suggest that we not 
execute the gas balancing arrangement.  The parties should continue to 
operate and invoice based on the verbal agreement; however, lets not execute 
the agreement or put it in the data room.  We should represent to potential 
buyers that we have an interconnect agreement with Northern Border and have 
been accessing supply out of the Chicago spot market.
All other gas supply/transport/balancing agreements for the other facilities 
(including the Northern Border interconnection and the ComEd reg cap deal) 
will be conveyed to the new buyers through the sale of the LLC.
Delainey
Guys, FYI - Ben, can you follow up with this person with our interest or lack 
thereof whichever is applicable.
Delainey
David, I believe this should have been addressed to you.  Please advise if it 
should be forwarded elsewhere.  Thanks, SRS
JMisteli@aol.com on 12/04/2000 10:23:06 AM
?????????????12/4/00 
Dear Mr Skilling, 
Attached is a letter concerning gas turbine power plants which could be 
operational next summer. 
Sincerely, 
John A. Misteli
- GT Lttr HC4-2A E Mail.doc
Successfully, missed another bullet !!!  I have meetings set up with Mariella=20
(the lady you like) and Dan Castingnola, who are the two highest ranked=20
performers in CALME, to see if they are interested in joining our team. =20
Delainey
In support of Enron=01,s continuing efforts to increase its return on invested=20
capital and direct resources towards our highest return businesses, David=20
Haug, Chairman and CEO of Enron CALME, Jim Hughes, President and COO of Enron=20
APACHI, Joe Kishkill, Managing Director of Enron South America, and Frank=20
Stabler, formerly a Managing Director of Enron CALME, will join Mark Metts in=20
a corporate wide effort, to help monetize some of Enron=01,s assets.  David will=20
help transition the CALME business activities into other parts of Enron while=20
working with Mark on the asset monetization projects.  David will continue as=20
an Executive Vice President for Enron Corp and a member of Enron=01,s Executive=20
Committee.  Cliff Baxter will oversee this effort.
Consistent with these changes, the CALME group will be divided as follows. =20
Enron Global LNG and Enron=01,s Caribbean Basin activities will become part of=20
the new Enron Global Markets (EGM) group headed by Mike McConnell.  Rick=20
Bergsieker, President/COO of LNG will continue in that role and in his dual=20
role as President/COO of Enron Middle East, which will also join EGM. Shawn=20
Cumberland, President and COO of the Caribbean Basin unit and his executive=20
team will carry out the transition process for the Caribbean business unit's=20
people and businesses as part of EGM.  Management of its Colombia and=20
Venezuela businesses will transfer to Enron South America and its LNG-related=20
activities to EGM as described above.=20
The EES related initiatives and people will be transferred to those units. =20
All of the various international businesses will participate as usual in the=20
upcoming budget process with their new alignment and continue to meet their=20
plan targets for 3rd and 4th quarters.
Concurrently, we are consolidating our trading and merchant activities in=20
Japan and Australia into Enron Europe.  Joe Hirl and Paul Quilkey will report=20
to Enron Europe=01,s Office of the Chairman.
We congratulate David Haug and Rebecca McDonald for proposing these=20
realignments, which we agree, will maximize both the financial and=20
intellectual capital in Enron.  Over the coming weeks, specific assignments=20
and reporting relationships will be determined and communicated.
Guys, gas with a $5.00 handle is not a good thing for this deal - I know we 
are pushing this restructuring as fast as we can; however, I think we need to 
determine how to move this faster. Any ideas?
Delainey
Jennifer, is there another time?
Delainey
Dave, you will not be able to attend.....Excecutive Impact & Influence 
September 21 & 22 
Kay
David W Delainey
09/06/2000 03:37 PM
Jen, I would be pleased to attend - sorry for the delay on the e-mail.
Kay, please set up.
Delainey
Dave:
As a follow up to our conversations on the origination function within ENA, I 
was hoping that you could join us at our middle marketing team meeting on 
September 21 at 4:00 pm. I think it would be beneficial if you shared your 
views on origination currently and its role (s) in the future. This would 
also be an excellent forum for you to discuss ENA's short and long- term 
goals.
If this date is not amenable to you, please let me know when you would be 
available.
,
Jen
34759
Tom , I appreciate the e-mail - sorry for the delay in response.
I am on-side with all your points.  On the New Albany retrofit, I want to 
ensure that I am not replacing one patent problem with another so a clear 
"title" up front on the new equipment will be important.  However, I will be 
interested in hearing your solution especially if it can further reduce NOX 
and increase our operating hours.
I share your interest in the FT-4 project hopefully we can take that to the 
next level.
Please stay in contact.
Delainey
Dave,
Thank you for taking the time to discuss the issues and opportunities facing
our companies. I did not expect to have such an audience. I came seeking
business advice on the litigation and feel I accomplished a lot more. I
apologize for not contacting you directly, but I was unaware that you were
now responsible for all of the groups within ENA.   Congratulations 
Here is what I came away with:
Litigation
GE has proposed a settlement that includes a proposed press release
unacceptable to PSM. I have our attorneys working on drafting a response to
GE and pursing the possibility of eliminating the joint press release
altogether. If common ground cannot be reached we will pursue other legal
options.
Private Placement
The book has been released to Enron & Calpine. I understand your position
concerning participation and the question of the ongoing litigation. I am
very open to the additional warrant option. Mike Miller talked to me about
it after the meeting and we will discuss it next week.
New Albany Retrofit
I have asked my engineers to formulate a plan to upgrade the units at New
Albany with our latest 6 ppm liners and fuel nozzles. We are currently
manufacturing a full set for a 7EA machine. We haven't firmed up the test
dates but we need to seek approval by ENA & OEC to use one of the Doyle
machines. This is a significant leap in technology that many of our clients
are extremely interested in. We now have the only single digit dry low Nox
system that can be used on multiple machine types to include Westinghouse
501D5A, ABB 11 N1/N2, GE F6 / F7.
FT4 Mobile Unit
I understand from Mike Miller you want to slow the pace down on the first
ten units to "Learn out" the manufacturing and business process. This will
ease our pain level on schedule. My engineering staff is very excited with
this program because it involves aircraft engines and they can apply their
true skills. We just hired the program manager named George Kirsby. He is
currently in charge of the $4 billion Joint Strike Fighter engine design
program for Pratt Whitney / Boeing. I figure he should be able to manage the
mobile unit project. At some time in the near future I would like to arrange
a program presentation for you in Houston. I need to give Kirsby a few weeks
to get his arms around the project and will propose dates for you in the
future. We need to expedite the formation of the Joint Venture company as we
are already being approached with deals to place these units.
I really value your support and you can always count on our loyalty to
Enron.
,
Tom Churbuck
President
Power Systems MFG., LLC
Tel:  561-347-2408 Ext 208
Fax: 561-347-2257
Cell: 561-213-5161
tchurbuck@powermfg.com
www.powermfg.com
Tammy, are you getting all these reports?
Delainey
Theresa Vos@
08/31/2000 04:43 PM
Attached is the City of Austin's weekly cost summary with actuals thru 
8/24/00.  The current estimate was increased by $1.2MM for development 
expenses and EE&CC's fee.  Please call me if you have any questions.
Thanks,
theresa
x58173
Jen, I would be pleased to attend - sorry for the delay on the e-mail.
Kay, please set up.
Delainey
Dave:
As a follow up to our conversations on the origination function within ENA, I 
was hoping that you could join us at our middle marketing team meeting on 
September 21 at 4:00 pm. I think it would be beneficial if you shared your 
views on origination currently and its role (s) in the future. This would 
also be an excellent forum for you to discuss ENA's short and long- term 
goals.
If this date is not amenable to you, please let me know when you would be 
available.
,
Jen
34759
David, how are we making out with this item?
Delainey
David Oxley
09/01/2000 02:55 PM
Attached is a spreadsheet summarising the current volunteers from our 
operating companies for this coming season of campus recruiting efforts for 
Analysts and Associates. This information comes from the program and I am 
told is accurate as of last week.
In speaking with many of you over the last few months, I believe it is fair 
to say we have agreed that it is critical for the senior management team to 
show their support for the program and be intimately involved in the 
recruiting process for new Analysts and Associates. In particular, many of 
you have remarked that we are generally short of these resources, as well as 
being short of specific skills which we need either in trading, finance, 
origination or assets to grow our businesses.
In this regard, having reviewed the attached I would suggest that those of 
you that have not currently volunteered to join one of the school recruiting 
teams as well as many of our VP's who have not done so, are encouraged to 
step up immediately. In the spirit of cutting to the chase, here is my 
suggested additional participation, which with your support I will forward to 
Charlene's team and ask them to contact and make themselves available for the 
scheduled school presentation:
Under Grad
Florida  Colwell
Vanderbilt Ader, Beyer
Penn  Beirbach, Pagan 
Michigan Burnett, Bradley
Baylor  Cocavessis
Morehouse Gomez
Uof H  Detmering
MIT  Hermans
Berkeley McDonald
NYU  Kinneman
Minnesota Ducote
Carnegie Miller
Grad Schools
UCLA  Swerzbin
Rice  Muhl, Duran
Darden  Pruett 
Columbia Reck, Sharp
Georgetown Shedd
Harvard Luce, Josey
Michigan Frevert, Parquet
MIT  Tricoli, Milnthorp
Wharton Kitagawa, Malcolm 
Vanderbilt McClellan, Oxley
Let me know if you think any of these are inappropriate. I will update this 
based on any feedback and contact the individuals directly early next week to 
let them know we would appreciate their help in these efforts.
David
Carol, I believe Hunter is leading the charge on building the gas 
fundamentals group.
Delainey
09/05/2000 10:56 AM
Carol Jean Marshall
Carol Jean Marshall
Carol Jean Marshall
09/05/2000 10:56 AM
09/05/2000 10:56 AM
Dave-
Thank you for taking the time last week to speak at the floor meeting on 29.
I come from an engineering background and work in a financial reporting role 
for Andrea Reed.
I have found the transition from engineering to finance at Enron a natural 
one with my eye on details and
the analysis process.
I have attached Gwen Weddington's resume which I would like to pass on to the 
Fundamentals Group for the Gas Business,
which you mentioned is now being formed.
I think that she could be a valuable addition to Enron.
She is currently an Operations Manager at Air Products and Chemicals' 
Industrial Chemicals Group.
Can you tell me to whom I should forward this?
Thanks,
Carol
3-4291
4 September, 2000
Carol Marshall
Enron
Houston, TX
Dear Carol:
I appreciated the opportunity to speak with you on Friday.  As I mentioned,
I am pursuing other opportunities outside of my current position with Air
Products and Chemicals and have been intrigued with the things I have read
about Enron.  Also, part of my strategy is contacting a few friends who
might be kind enough to "keep their eyes open" and share thoughts and ideas
as to companies I should contact.
I was hoping that you might take a moment to review the enclosed resume.  As
you can see, I would like to find a position which will utilize my strong
operations background.  I would certainly enjoy another position as an
Operations Manager, but would be open to exploring new industries as well.
I am confident my strengths are applicable within a broad range of
industries.  Your suggestions and ideas as to companies to contact would be
very encouraging.  I am open to any avenues you suggest.
Additionally, I am interested in expanding my circle of acquaintances.  It
seems that you may, possibly, be able to provide me with a few select
introductions.  Any names of individuals who might be of help to me, or who
can direct me to others, would be greatly appreciated.  The more contacts I
make, the more opportunities I can uncover.
If you have any thoughts or ideas please jot them down.  I will contact you
again in a few weeks to discuss your ideas.  Thank you in advance for your
help.
Sincerely,
Gwen Weddington
(281) 286-6317 / gwen_weddington@hotmail.com
Share information about yourself, create your own public profile at
- weddington-general.doc
David , if this is going to cause you political flack with Mary Joyce lets 
just kill it - we have revised the original plan and this is probably not 
needed.
Delainey
Mary Joyce@
09/05/2000 02:51 PM
David,
I need more information on the project and who exactly the individuals are 
who you feel should participate in this program.  Generally, developers and 
deal people throughout the company are not provided with additional incentive 
since this type of work is part of their job.  However, this project may be 
an exception.  Please call and lets discuss.
Thanks!
MAry
David Oxley@ECT
08/30/2000 09:21 AM
I have been discussing with Dave Delainey how we might align the 
compensation/rewards for the group of 4 or 5 VP's and Directors we have 
assigned to disposing of our large portfolio ($650mm). The project is due to 
complete in June 01 and Dave and my concern is whether we can make sure they 
are motivated to close on time and get the best possible price for us. Dave 
believe the up side could be as much as $150mm and the downside as much as 
$300mm (the difference between best and worst prices/sales).
My suggestion is that we do the following and I would like your comments or 
concerns if any:
Enter into contracts or an agreement (the later would be one way - us to them 
and obviously easier) with each of them outlining the following:
Bonus targets based on financial targets and PRC performance for calendar 01 
(ie if you rank in top 3 categories and you realise over $650 from this 
project we will pay you not less than $300k)
Equity award on closing, on the basis of successful closure and above line 
value (ie only in the event that this closes in June 01 and realises more 
than $650mm we will grant you $200k in options, if above $800m then $350k in 
options.)
Dave would like for me to get back to him on this asap.
David
Janelle, I was hoping that maybe we could find a half hour to discuss your 
thoughts on your current role.  I have heard you are considering global fuels 
and Lagrasta's business.  I would like to give you my perspective on the 
future vision for power and the overall organization including gas 
mid-market 
Ultimately, ENA and Enron have a very open labour market and you need to 
manage your career in a manner that you feel will benefit Enron and yourself 
the greatest; however, I think the power market, even though not easy, is the 
primary growth engine for Enron Corp over the next several years.
Kay, can you please set up a time at Janelle's convenience.
Delainey
As per our discussion.
Janet R Dietrich
12/05/2000 08:39 AM
I am no longer coordinating the "next-year" activities for new hires in the 
gas group so I thought I'd just let you know that the Midwest gas team is 
interviewing new hires for coverage/origination roles. I believe Laura is 
wanting to hire some of these folks to be based in Chicago and I would think 
you would want them to be located in Houston. Just fyi.
Kay, can you set up a one hour to half an hour with each if possible.
Delainey
Shawn Cumberland@_DEVELOPMENT
09/06/2000 02:02 AM
Kay,
Dave asked me to send you a note to set up meetings for him with two of our 
executives:  Mariella Mahan and Dan Castagnola.
It sounded like he was thinking about Friday.
Shawn
fyi
David W Delainey
08/31/2000 07:32 PM
Guys, ENA will take responsibility for the two 7EA's.  We do not currently 
have any projects for the Westinghouse 501D5A's.  However, I do not know what 
Bowen's view might be for EIM or Haug's for CALME.
Delainey
fyi
Fred L Kelly@_DEVELOPMENT
08/31/2000 11:52 AM
Karen - let me know if it would be beneficial to brief Rick or Jeff.  I'll 
stop whatever I'm doing if necessary.  I think on this particular turbine 
purchase...... there is great interest from ENA, Calme, and EECC third pty I agree that in general - we can't take our eye off the ball with respect to 
the long turbines.  F.Kelly
Guys, ENA will take responsibility for the two 7EA's.  We do not currently 
have any projects for the Westinghouse 501D5A's.  However, I do not know what 
Bowen's view might be for EIM or Haug's for CALME.
Delainey
fyi
Fred L Kelly@_DEVELOPMENT
08/31/2000 11:52 AM
Karen - let me know if it would be beneficial to brief Rick or Jeff.  I'll 
stop whatever I'm doing if necessary.  I think on this particular turbine 
purchase...... there is great interest from ENA, Calme, and EECC third pty I agree that in general - we can't take our eye off the ball with respect to 
the long turbines.  F.Kelly
Patience my friend - before a meaningful change can occur in the A/A program 
some of the changes in the EI groups need to be resolved.  That process is 
underway - I envision taking a comprehensive solution to Jeff towards the end 
of this quarter with Charlene on side.  I will discuss with you when I have 
more details.
Delainey
In as much as I have been one of the bigger supporters of the staff in the 
A/A program and the program itselt, I'm about at my ropes end with them.  How 
do we get control of the thing 
Jeff
Attorney-Client Protected
Kevin, If we respond to the RFP with what we believe to be market prices and 
values and they don't accept it - does that not support a case where damages 
from the MOPA , for that 500 MW, can be defined to be equal to or lower than 
our submission 
Delainey
Attorney-Client Protected
No, I don't think so.  TVA wants a two year PPA with 100% control, including 
AGC and hourly dispatch.  We would have to price the capacity and energy 
product they are asking for extremely high, and we run the risk of increasing 
our LD exposure in the pending litigation.
If Elizabeth thinks we can use the RFP to help our legal case, I would 
certainly support a response that helps our overall ecomomic position.
Rick, it looks like the number is approximately down $198MM.  What is the 
drill?
Delainey
Mark, go ahead and set up the meeting.
Delainey
Kevin, shouldn't we participate in this RFP?
Delainey
Sent by: Ben Jacoby
Folks:
The attached RFP for peaking power may be of interest. I believe the RFP is 
restricted to those parties having control of generation assets in TVA or 
Southern. Our consultant, Gary Hasty (former TVA), can gather additional if 
you like. 
,
Ben
Thought you might be interested in this.  It just went out yesterday.
Gary L. Hasty
57 White Plains Drive, Suite 200
Jackson, TN  38305
(901) 664-0209 Office
(901) 660-2631 Fax
(901) 267-6672 Cellular
ghasty@pd-engineers.com
Gary:
See attached non-Distributor owned Generation RFP and submittal forms.
Wayne.
- TVARFP.doc
- TVARFPForm.XLS
I don't think we can accomodate that request 
Delainey
Don, give Harry some $$'s
Delainey
Jeff Donahue
12/05/2000 08:46 AM
Don:
I do think DealBench was extremely valuable - and I'll say we - ENA - but 
what I really mean is you could not have gotten there nearly as quickly 
without it.  I think you agree.  By the same token, if they said 'free' up 
front, we don't have to pay.  I think this is really a negotiation between 
Dave and Greg if we want to move income to DealBench.
Jeff 
Don Miller
12/04/2000 03:17 PM
Jeff,
What are your thought on this?  Let's talk about it.
Don
Don
Congrats on your deals. JinSung had apprised me that things went well and in 
San Antonio I ran into Dave Delainey and he was very happy with the whole 
thing.
With the current NetWorks structure, and considering the benefits you have 
derived, we want to charge you a nominal amount for each of these data 
rooms.  We want to bill you 25k for each data room for a total of 175k.
I know that at the beginning of the deal you had asked me this question and 
my answer was 'we aint charging you' but the business model for us has 
changed and we need to show revenues and income to external customers and 
external partners we are trying to get to.  Hence we want to bill internal 
customers whatever is the reasonable price of the service offered.
I will call you later to discuss ( I did mention to Dave in San Antonio I was 
going to have to do this, considering my business situation)
Harry
Chuck, I appreciate the note - I just like to ensure that everyone is aware 
of the various issues and that we are managing our risk appropriately.  I 
have a great deal of confidence that you have this handled.
Delainey
Charles Ward@
08/30/2000 08:45 AM
I wasn't sure whether you were messing with me or serious during the QBR 
about the Ada boiler pump.  It was a $10k issue which was fixed in the normal 
course of operations and NBD in the scope of things.  The QF was never at 
risk as the pump is a standard part which is commonly available.
The QF loss issue I typically worry about usually derive from an outage 
sourced at the counterparty level (cashflow problems, operational 
difficulties, etc.)  I've seen this cause a few projects tense moments, 
although FERC has always allowed the projects to recover.  Typically the 
utility will protest the loss of QF but since the QF's are self-certifying 
with FERC right to protest, the utility can typically only make noise and or 
cease paying 
Recently, FPL attempted to not let the Indiantown QF IPP back on-line after a 
technical shutdown (and thereby bust their QF), but FPL lost their case in 
court (wrongful act) and has had to let the project return to on-line status 
(financing and QF remained intact over the +6 month ordeal).
To me the general theme is that an executed and performing (energy is being 
delivered) PPA will survive incredible QF stress.  The plant managers 
typically have the highest level of understanding of the intricacies of the 
PPA's vis-a-vis the relationship between plant, utility and QF host Historically, FERC is not looking to kick out a project's contract based upon 
a QF technicality, although charged with enforcement of QF.  If FERC was a 
tough enforcer, Cleburne and a few other similar QF projects would rate high 
on their hit list and the past speaks well to the future in this case.
Chuck
It is the intent of the Office of the Chairman to maintain a high quality 
Your business unit's current activities, purpose and interfaces with other 
departments
Recent successes and current projects
Ideas on the horizon
Opportunities in your business unit for AA's 
The benifits of rotation in your business unit
An open Q&A session
These presentations should be informal and it is not necessary to have 
handouts.  The goal is to provide an open forum for the AA's and to have them 
ask questions about each business unit.  Also, bringing one of your current 
AA's with you to provide their insight might help stimulate discussion.  Ted 
Bland will be contacting you to schedule your business unit for a 
presentation.  The first "brownbag" will take place September 8 between 
12:00pm and 1:00pm in Room 30 C1.
Dave
The meeting for Friday September 1, 2000 has been cancelled.
This is a reminder !!!!!  There will Not be a Friday Meeting September 1, 
2000 
Date:  Friday September 1, 2000   (CANCELLED for this Week)
Time:  2:30 pm - 4:30 pm
Location: 30C1  
Topic:   ENA Management Committee
If you have any questions or conflicts, please feel free to call me (3-0643) 
or Bev (3-7857).
Thanks,
Kay 3-0643
Sent by: Kay Chapman
This is the original memo sent to all the committee members from Dave.  I 
then sent out another one cancelling the Staff Meeting for all those not 
included in this memo. I also sent out a memo regarding the newly formed ENA 
Management Committee,  including the assistants,  so everyone would be on 
board.
Let me know if this isn't what you needed.
Thanks,
Kay
David W Delainey
08/15/2000 02:05 PM
As part of the restructuring between ENA and Global Markets and consistent 
with the view to increase our focus on building our core gas and power 
business, we have decided to re-formulate the ENA Management Committee.  As 
part of this change, each of you are invited to participate in dialogue and 
decisions which will impact the overall course of our business. Ultimately, 
this group is responsible for the overall financial performance and strategic 
direction of ENA.  The only structural committment to your time will be a 
pre-scheduled Management Committee meeting every second Friday afternoon 
starting at 2:30 PM until 4:30PM in 30 C2 (video conference room).  The 
Portland, Canadian and Mexican offices can connect via video conference.  The 
meetings wil focus on financial targets, deal flow, market opportunities, 
staffing and strategic direction.  The first meeting will be scheduled on 
this Friday 
Everybody should make a serious committment to attend, to stay for the entire 
meeting and to be on time 
Delainey
Please plan to attend the a meeting re: Technical Risk on September 18, 2000  
@  2:00 pm in  3321
If you have any questions, please feel free to call me @ 3-0643
Kay  3-0643
Jeff, you will be receiving a DASH from the principal investing group which 
does not fit well into some of the charter criteria; however, I do think this 
is a venture we should support.  In a nutshell, it is providing $10MM, in 
seed capital, to be used in the start up of a new distributed generation 
company having the primary mission of designing, fabricating and marketing 
2MW to 22MW mobile turbine-generator sets.  These units are fully mobile via 
the nations highways and can meet single digit NOX requirements given current 
SCR technology. They are primarily utilized for back-up power, emergency 
power, VAR creation and peaker application and are fully dual fuel capable The ultimate vision is a fleet of mobile/flexible/low cost generator sets 
that can be put in place very quickly in the most stringent emissions and 
constrained electrical regions and relocated when market conditions change 
The benefits include:
a) 50% plus interest in a new distributed generation company with the 
opportunity to raise private funds at later rounds and ultimately the 
possibility of an IPO - similar companies in this space include Active Power, 
Capstone and Elektryon;
b) origination opportunities - the ENA mid-stream origination groups believe 
that there are numerous opportunities (2001 to 2002 time frame) to utilize 
this technology to take advantage of market opportunities and customer 
applications;
c) learning - the distributed generation/renewable space is an area of 
critical importance for ENA and EES to understand.  If ENA through this 
venture can make this technology work, it could be a very powerful tool in 
our network used to capture opportunity and manage risk;
d) low risk - it is expected that roughly 50% of the initial seed capital 
would be recoverable through asset sales if for some reason the technology 
did not work or the market did not materialize;
e) low tech - this solution utilizes existing turbine/SCR technology;
and f) ENA would have a controlling position in this new venture.
However, this venture is different than Active Power and several other 
Principal Investing investments in that a) it is a very early stage company 
and b) ENA will have to provide or procure a complete management team if the 
technology proves out.  Given, that we could benefit most from the successful 
application of this venture, it is worth the initial work.
Our partner is Power Systems Manufacturing of Boca Raton, Florida.  We have a 
very solid history with this company.  They have successfully solved many of 
the technical issues surrounding the Korean 6B's which are currently 
operating at New Albany.  They would bring the technical and engineering 
expertise at cost for their 50%.  ENA would ultimately have a buy-out clause 
at a fixed number for their 50 
If you would like to discuss in greater detail do not hesitate to call and I 
will set up a meeting.
Delainey
Hey, you guys are copying my model!
Congrats
Delainey
Enron Energy Services has created explosive growth in the retail energy=20
business.  To advance EES=01, leadership position and to rapidly expand the=20
reach of its energy management services, the company is forming four new=20
business groups and promoting several key individuals.
EES continues to see an ever-increasing demand for energy management services=20
in North America, with interest coming from a growing number of customer=20
classes.  EES North America, headed by Marty Sunde, President and CEO, has=20
been established to bring outsourcing, commodity and mid-market solutions to=20
industrial and commercial customers in North America.  Harold Buchanan and=20
Jeremy Blachman have been named co-Chief Operating Officers of the group.
EES Europe is responsible for energy outsourcing across Europe, as well as=20
rapidly growing mid-market business (Enron Direct, Enron Directo) and heavy=20
industrial business (ETOL).  Matthew Scrimshaw, President and CEO will lead=20
this group.
As EES and Enron=01,s customer base grows, world class execution capabilities=20
and customer relationship management skills are required to maximize value.=20
Global Energy Services, headed by Dan Leff, President and CEO, is being=20
established to manage execution, delivery, operations & maintenance, account=20
/ customer management and contract value enhancement of Enron=01,s asset and=20
energy outsourcing activities worldwide.  This group will include Enron=20
Facility Services (EFS), led by Joe Earle, President & CEO and Operational=20
Energy Corporation (OEC), led by Mark Dobler, Vice President.
EES continues to see additional opportunities for business that will benefit=20
from the growth of its energy outsourcing business.  To manage and develop=20
these new business opportunities, EES New Business Ventures has been=20
created.  Mark Muller, President and CEO will lead this group.
All four new business leaders will report directly to EES=01, Office of the=20
Chairman, Lou Pai, who will continue as Chairman, and Tom White, who will=20
continue as Vice Chairman.  In addition, Kevin Hughes, Vice President and=20
Chief Accounting Officer, Vicki Sharp, Managing Director and General Counsel,=20
and Beth Tilney, Managing Director of Marketing, HR and Customer Satisfaction=20
will continue to report to the Office of the Chairman.
Please join us in congratulating these individuals.
Barry, we currently have six folks coming who all golf:
- Barry
- Lavo
- Delainey
- Ozzie
- Milly
- Yzaguirre
I would say we should golf everday. I will get Kay to forward travel 
schedules to you so that we can set up times where everyone can play as much 
as possible.  My understanding is that we are all staying at the Mirage.
Delainey
Barry Tycholiz
08/28/2000 10:37 AM
Dave, both Rob and I have booked for Vegas.  We will get in on Thurs. 
afternoon and leave Sunday AM ( millly ) and Afternoon for me.
John called me yesterday and he wants to Golf, Fri, Sat, Sun 
1. We now have 5 people right?   Even if we have 5 it will be fine. Davies is 
still considering this ( I will let you know 2.  I will look into golf arrangements once we have a firmer head count and 
determine when to play 
When and how often do you want to golf 
Milly and I are up for playing every day. I am thinking Friday afternoon Saturday afternoon, and Sunday am ( 10:00 or so 
There is a great golf course ( TPC @ Canyons ) that I am trying to get us 
on.  The Desert Inn is closed while we are there. 
Thanks, 
TIC 
Guys, it is my understanding that the incremental $5 MM in gas V@R, under an 
interim authority, expires today.  Given current market conditions, I would 
request  an extension of that interim limit - $45MM in total gas V@R for an 
additional two weeks starting today.
Jeff, as per our meeting today, we may want to think about additional 
permanent increases for gas and power V@R particularily given the Alberta 
PPA's, the potential NStar deal and the current gas market as we enter the 
winter season.  I will take your lead on this one.
Delainey
thanks Ray
Delainey
Guys, can you come explain some of this to me including where we stand on the 
GE issues.
Delainey
Dave - Attached are (2) documents relating to the Calpine acquisition of
PSM. The draft stock purchase agreement and the Enron termination document.
I plan on closing Friday the 8th and would appreciate the warrant
termination agreement to be executed by tomorrow to avoid delays in closing.
I will fax a copy of the warrant agreement on PSM letterhead later this
morning. I appreciate all of your support and look forward to our further
successes with Amp's. I will be in my office later this morning. Please keep
information concerning our transaction Highly confidential.
,
Tom Churbuck
Office : 561-347-2408
Cell:  : 561-213-5161
Please find attached a revised draft of the Calpine-PSM Mfg. Purchase
Agreement, marked to show changes from the 11/20 draft.
In the interests of time, this draft is being circulated simultaneoulsy to
Calpine for review, and remains subject to further revisions.
,
Ambari Prakash
Thelen Reid & Priest
Washington, DC 20004
Main Tel:  202-508-4000
Dir. Dial:   202-508-4021
Fascimile: 202-508-4321
aprakash@thelenreid.com
www.thelenreid.com
- 24_QRED.DOC
- WarrantT.DOC
Kay, please book 9:00 am to 2:00 pm with me Mike Miller & Don Miller with 
Mike Childers (Entergy) (actually 10 am to 1pm not including travel time to 
their shop in the Woodlands) on September 5, 2000.
Delainey
Scott, great job - looking for more  
Delainey
Scott Josey@
08/25/2000 06:23 PM
Dave,
FYI, 
On Tuesday, I pulled the trigger on the VPP for Crescendo.  The total was 
just in excess of $8,000,000.  I have executed ISDA for the financial swaps 
and am awaiting final doc's for the Enfolio Master Agreement for execution I have passed this on to Lavorato.  The transaction proceeded fairly 
smoothly.  I have met with John Arnold on the best means of working with his 
group.  He suggested that we continue to work through Fred.  Fred, John 
Prevatt, and Arnold were very helpful in enabling me to pull the trigger at 
the peak of the curve on Tuesday.  I am no longer "spec - ing" gas.  It was 
fun while it lasted.
I will keep you posted.
Scott
Ben, any thoughts?
Any interest in pursuing?  Please advise.  Thanks, SRS
I recently read articles about Enron Corporation in Fortune magazine  and=20
Business Week, and was encouraged by your success in building a  flexible and=20
innovative workforce. I admire this type of approach from a leader  of a=20
large, multi-national company.=20
Based on Enron=01,s initiatives to market and sell wholesale electricity, and =20
the recent power shortages across various regions of the country, I was =20
motivated to develop a business opportunity utilizing my experience and =20
knowledge of the on-site power generation market. I realized that an=20
unregulated  utility company could take advantage of existing, unused=20
stand-by generator  capacity.
My plan sells the excess capacity of these generators in the spot energy =20
market, when the on-site generators are commanded to power customer base=20
loads,  thereby freeing up an equivalent amount of energy. My plan requires=20
minimal  capital investment, produces a sales volume of $2.0M, and a net=20
profit of  $400,000.00 in year one. The attached business plan and three-year=20
pro forma P  & L statement provide further details.
I strongly believe this idea can and will provide a solid return on =20
investment. My goal is to heighten your interest enough to warrant further =20
discussion on the possibility of Enron integrating this business plan into=20
its  existing network of marketing, trading and selling electricity.
I chose to market this plan to Enron due to its leadership in the=20
deregulated  electricity market, and its corporate culture of innovation and=20
swift action.  Enron also has the name recognition, resources and national=20
presence required to  make this plan successful.
I look forward to hearing from you on the merit of my business plan, and the =20
feasibility of integrating it into your company.
Thank you for your time.
Brion R. Martin
brion.martin@prodigy.net
Home: 609-953-1668
Mobile: 215-778-7084
- Pro Forma P & L.xls
- Business Plan Presentation.ppt
David W Delainey
08/25/2000 09:09 AM
Adam, thanks for the response, I guess it is a good thing for Enron that we 
didn't do this deal with TXU.  Nevertheless, I hope that we can find a way 
through this without significantly impairing value for ENA.  The ENA team 
will work with you on this item;however, I need your committment to try and 
keep us whole as much as possible.
Delainey
Adam Umanoff@
08/22/2000 06:59 PM
Thanks for the message.  I appreciate your responses to my August 8 memo and 
agree that the deal you are currently proposing looks alot closer to the deal 
we had been discussing with TXU.  As far as negotiating approach is 
concerned, my intention was not to retrade our deal, but frankly your team's 
approach up until your recent response certainly suggested that you were.  As 
we considered our options, we used the time to scrub our economics and as I 
think Jim Noles told you, have discovered that our economics have 
deteriorated (significantly).  Not your fault/problem, but a real issue for 
me.  I have my people looking at the deal again to see if we can offer some 
creative suggestions to improve the deal for us (without killing you).  At 
the end of the day, I want to do this deal; but I can't do an uneconomic 
deal. By the way, the other parties who signed up with TXU all did so in the 
$26-27.5 range (energy and RECs), suggesting that our deal for you is way 
under market.  I am committed to pushing hard to get this deal done!  Let's 
talk later this week once my team hooks up with yours to see if we have a way 
forward.  Adam
David W Delainey@ECT
08/21/2000 09:49 AM
Adam, I believe that we have formally responded to all your issues as per 
your memo to me of August 8, 2000. In all or almost all cases, we have 
accepted your position.  The agreement should look and behave very closely to 
what you would have signed with the competing utility. In addition, ENA is 
paying a higher price, sharing credits and have voluntarily increased the 
term to twelve years from ten.
I do not understand what is holding up completing this transaction other than 
a complete re-trade on the original transaction. I hope this is not the 
case.  The ENA team worked hard to facilitate this transaction for Enron 
Wind.  In fact, we were originally solicited by Enron Wind to help build the 
merchant wind market and we had to coax Enron Wind to do this transaction 
with ENA versus TXU.
I look forward to finding a solution to this current impasse.
Delainey
Rebecca, I am fine with this; however, Lavorato has was spelled wrong.
Delainey
Enron de Mexico
Dave:
FYI, I got this from Dick.  Just want to confirm that it's consistent with 
your recollection.
- Max
Dick Westfahl @ ENRON_DEVELOPMENT
08/21/2000 09:02 AM
Max:
See attached memo on the above referenced project.
Dick
Tammy, are you getting copies of all these reports for the book?
Delainey
Attached is an updated copy of ENA's Litigation Status Report.
Adam, thanks for the response, I guess it is a good thing for Enron that we 
didn't do this deal with TXU.  Nevertheless, I hope that we can find a way 
through this without significantly impairing value for ENA.  The ENA team 
will work with you on this item;however, I need your committment to try and 
keep us whole as much as possible.
Delainey
Adam Umanoff@
08/22/2000 06:59 PM
Thanks for the message.  I appreciate your responses to my August 8 memo and 
agree that the deal you are currently proposing looks alot closer to the deal 
we had been discussing with TXU.  As far as negotiating approach is 
concerned, my intention was not to retrade our deal, but frankly your team's 
approach up until your recent response certainly suggested that you were.  As 
we considered our options, we used the time to scrub our economics and as I 
think Jim Noles told you, have discovered that our economics have 
deteriorated (significantly).  Not your fault/problem, but a real issue for 
me.  I have my people looking at the deal again to see if we can offer some 
creative suggestions to improve the deal for us (without killing you).  At 
the end of the day, I want to do this deal; but I can't do an uneconomic 
deal. By the way, the other parties who signed up with TXU all did so in the 
$26-27.5 range (energy and RECs), suggesting that our deal for you is way 
under market.  I am committed to pushing hard to get this deal done!  Let's 
talk later this week once my team hooks up with yours to see if we have a way 
forward.  Adam
David W Delainey@ECT
08/21/2000 09:49 AM
Adam, I believe that we have formally responded to all your issues as per 
your memo to me of August 8, 2000. In all or almost all cases, we have 
accepted your position.  The agreement should look and behave very closely to 
what you would have signed with the competing utility. In addition, ENA is 
paying a higher price, sharing credits and have voluntarily increased the 
term to twelve years from ten.
I do not understand what is holding up completing this transaction other than 
a complete re-trade on the original transaction. I hope this is not the 
case.  The ENA team worked hard to facilitate this transaction for Enron 
Wind.  In fact, we were originally solicited by Enron Wind to help build the 
merchant wind market and we had to coax Enron Wind to do this transaction 
with ENA versus TXU.
I look forward to finding a solution to this current impasse.
Delainey
Guys, keep the pressure on these guys; but, I think Adam is in a corner and 
does not have a lot of flexibility.
Delainey
Adam Umanoff@
08/22/2000 06:59 PM
Thanks for the message.  I appreciate your responses to my August 8 memo and 
agree that the deal you are currently proposing looks alot closer to the deal 
we had been discussing with TXU.  As far as negotiating approach is 
concerned, my intention was not to retrade our deal, but frankly your team's 
approach up until your recent response certainly suggested that you were.  As 
we considered our options, we used the time to scrub our economics and as I 
think Jim Noles told you, have discovered that our economics have 
deteriorated (significantly).  Not your fault/problem, but a real issue for 
me.  I have my people looking at the deal again to see if we can offer some 
creative suggestions to improve the deal for us (without killing you).  At 
the end of the day, I want to do this deal; but I can't do an uneconomic 
deal. By the way, the other parties who signed up with TXU all did so in the 
$26-27.5 range (energy and RECs), suggesting that our deal for you is way 
under market.  I am committed to pushing hard to get this deal done!  Let's 
talk later this week once my team hooks up with yours to see if we have a way 
forward.  Adam
David W Delainey@ECT
08/21/2000 09:49 AM
Adam, I believe that we have formally responded to all your issues as per 
your memo to me of August 8, 2000. In all or almost all cases, we have 
accepted your position.  The agreement should look and behave very closely to 
what you would have signed with the competing utility. In addition, ENA is 
paying a higher price, sharing credits and have voluntarily increased the 
term to twelve years from ten.
I do not understand what is holding up completing this transaction other than 
a complete re-trade on the original transaction. I hope this is not the 
case.  The ENA team worked hard to facilitate this transaction for Enron 
Wind.  In fact, we were originally solicited by Enron Wind to help build the 
merchant wind market and we had to coax Enron Wind to do this transaction 
with ENA versus TXU.
I look forward to finding a solution to this current impasse.
Delainey
Rebecca, looks fine to me.
Delainey
Steve, I appreciate the offer - I  hope you didn't have to promise your first 
born since I was basically giving you a hard time.  I may take you up on this 
next season.  Regardless, I appreciate all the good work you and your team 
are doing.
Delainey
Just a reminder, the East Midstream QBR will be held tomorrow 
DATE:   AUGUST 24, 2000
TIME:    1:00 PM TO 4:00 PM
PLACE:   EB 3321
TOPIC:   EAST MIDSTREAM QBR
If you have any questions or concerns, please contact either Kay (3x0643) or 
Beverly (5x7857).  I will look forward to seeing you there.
This is the original memo sent to all the committee members from Dave.  I 
then sent out another one cancelling the Staff Meeting for all those not 
included in this memo. I also sent out a memo regarding the newly formed ENA 
Management Committee,  including the assistants,  so everyone would be on 
board.
Let me know if this isn't what you needed.
Thanks,
Kay
David W Delainey
08/15/2000 02:05 PM
As part of the restructuring between ENA and Global Markets and consistent 
with the view to increase our focus on building our core gas and power 
business, we have decided to re-formulate the ENA Management Committee.  As 
part of this change, each of you are invited to participate in dialogue and 
decisions which will impact the overall course of our business. Ultimately, 
this group is responsible for the overall financial performance and strategic 
direction of ENA.  The only structural committment to your time will be a 
pre-scheduled Management Committee meeting every second Friday afternoon 
starting at 2:30 PM until 4:30PM in 30 C2 (video conference room).  The 
Portland, Canadian and Mexican offices can connect via video conference.  The 
meetings wil focus on financial targets, deal flow, market opportunities, 
staffing and strategic direction.  The first meeting will be scheduled on 
this Friday 
Everybody should make a serious committment to attend, to stay for the entire 
meeting and to be on time 
Delainey
Adam, I believe that we have formally responded to all your issues as per 
your memo to me of August 8, 2000. In all or almost all cases, we have 
accepted your position.  The agreement should look and behave very closely to 
what you would have signed with the competing utility. In addition, ENA is 
paying a higher price, sharing credits and have voluntarily increased the 
term to twelve years from ten.
I do not understand what is holding up completing this transaction other than 
a complete re-trade on the original transaction. I hope this is not the 
case.  The ENA team worked hard to facilitate this transaction for Enron 
Wind.  In fact, we were originally solicited by Enron Wind to help build the 
merchant wind market and we had to coax Enron Wind to do this transaction 
with ENA versus TXU.
I look forward to finding a solution to this current impasse.
Delainey
David W Delainey
08/21/2000 10:25 AM
Dick, you need to agree with Max on the scope to be provided by the OE - I 
expect high quality service for the money we are paying.  The deal on Friday 
is completely dependent on a pre-arranged scope and a minimum quality of 
service.  I expect high quality EE&CC  people to be proactively managing cost 
and exposure and to be there for the whole process - no pulls to other 
business lines.  If Max or Virgo are not happy I am not happy. 
I make money you make money.
Thanks for your cooperation.
Delainey
Enron de Mexico
Dave:
FYI, I got this from Dick.  Just want to confirm that it's consistent with 
your recollection.
- Max
Dick Westfahl @ ENRON_DEVELOPMENT
08/21/2000 09:02 AM
Max:
See attached memo on the above referenced project.
Dick
Dick, you need to agree with Max on the scope to be provided by the OE - I 
expect high quality service for the money we are paying.  The deal on Friday 
is completely dependent on a pre-arranged scope and a minimum quality of 
service.  I expect high quality EE&CC  people to be proactively managing cost 
and exposure and to be there for the whole process - no pulls to other 
business lines.  If Max or Virgo are not happy I am not happy. 
I make money you make money.
Thanks for your cooperation.
Delainey
Enron de Mexico
Dave:
FYI, I got this from Dick.  Just want to confirm that it's consistent with 
your recollection.
- Max
Dick Westfahl @ ENRON_DEVELOPMENT
08/21/2000 09:02 AM
Max:
See attached memo on the above referenced project.
Dick
Paul, sorry for the delay in responding, I do not have a direct relationship 
with anyone in Reliant or TXU; however, Jim Ducote and Janet Dietrich may be 
the best spots in Enron to pursue.
Delainey
Adrian, you are very welcome
Delainey
Chris, that is correct.
See you then
Delainey
Christopher F Calger
08/18/2000 01:28 PM
Dave,
I am down for 9:00 AM for a couple of hours on Tuesday.  I am assuming that 
this includes my senior team (Parquet, Mcdonald, Vickers, Thomas).  I am 
correct?
,
Chris
PS - I spoke with Tim and we will be ready to price energy and ancilleries 
with respect to SDG&E.  I will work with Steffes on timing, pr and SDG&E 
strategy.  Sorry I sounded negative, but I was voicing Tim's concern as 
well.  Our risk is significant; we just dont want to make it worse 
Guys, we appreciate your efforts on this project but we will not be needing 
your services as owners engineer on the Vitro project.  I will honor our 
agreement on the sell down; however, we have sufficient technical talent 
internally and externally to manage this job.  I see very little effort in 
continuing to waste internal time in ENA and EECC on this discussion.
Delainey
Enron de Mexico
Steve and Bob:
I know that John Normand told you yesterday that he had sign-off up his chain 
of command on the deal you negotiated with him.  However, Dick apparently 
does not agree with John or has had second thoughts.  Please review the 
attached memo and let's discuss next steps.  It would also be helpful if one 
of you would get a download from John as to the reason behind this change in 
position.
- Max
Note to Dave:  I suggest that Steve, Bob and I take this up with Dick before 
involving you.  This is a 180 degree turn from what we had been discussing 
with Dick, John Normand and the rest of their team.  Dick and I were supposed 
to have a 1 pm video call today to confirm the deal that had been worked out, 
but he cancelled the call when he sent his e-mail to me.  We'll figure out 
what's up and keep you posted./ Max
Tim, I thought I would send you a copy of the East Mid-Market QBR to give you 
a view on what Presto/Baughman are doing.  The West historically has been far 
better than the East in covering the market and generating mid market 
deals/services.  I look forward to our discussion in Portland next week.  I 
would like to get a perspective on organization, market approach, deal flow, 
resources, products and coverage for the Mid-Market group at that meeting.
Delainey
Per Mark Frank's request here is a copy of the East Mid-Market QBR
Thanks
Mary Kay
Guys, we need your final review on next years budget (direct expense) for MW 
Gas (Luce) and LT Gas Fundamentals/Transport Capacity (Gomez) done today.  We 
are running out of time to finalize the budgeting process.  I would much 
appreciate your assistance.
Delainey
David, I would change John Thompson and Ed Baughman to strong.
Thxs
Delainey
David Oxley
08/18/2000 08:19 AM
Presumably you still want Thompson moved to Strong?
Gina Corteselli@
08/18/2000 08:17 AM
Got your voice mail.  Changing John Thompson's rating is a simple matter at 
this point-then we'll redo the graphs and clusters.    We will make the 
change from Satisfactory to Strong.  Do you anticipate any others?
Gina 
Mike, lets discuss just after Wayne and I get together to discuss the 
technical book or in conjunction.
Delainey
Mike Coleman@_DEVELOPMENT
08/15/2000 03:12 PM
Dave and Dave,
Wayne Mays and I are trying to assess technical support requirements for the 
next 12-24 months.  We would like to talk with each of you to get you input 
on the direction the company is going, and what type and level of support is 
likely to be required as we go forward.
If possible, we'd like to schedule a brief (30 minute) conference call, 
preferably within the next week, with each of you to discuss these issues If you have a time that would be convenient, please let me and/or Wayne know 
so that we can get it scheduled.
Thanks!
Mike Coleman
Chris, where are we on gas interconnect?   I am hearing rumblings of 15 year 
Kern exposure - don't  know if I like that.
Delainey
Please make a note.... The QBR is August 30th not August 20th.   Sorry for 
any inconvenience.
This is to remind you of the following meeting:
Date:    August 30, 2000
Time:    1 pm - 4 pm
Place:   EB3321
Topic:   Energy Capital Resources QBR
Please contact either Kay (3x0643) or Beverly (5x7857) if you have any 
questions or concerns
Janet, it may be in your personal interest to ensure that a number of 
witnesses are available to ensure the message is delivered and there is not 
confusion in the future.
Delainey
Janet R Dietrich
08/17/2000 01:50 PM
Ok. Laura Luce is flying in as we speak and she should have the written 
feedback drafts for both Cary Carrabine and Russell Murrell (Needs 
Improvement for Manager level). The plan was for both Laura and I together to 
meet with Cary next week, and Laura will be meeting with Russell and I may 
end up meeting with Russell afterwards. 
We will have the final written feedback to Fran by end of next week, after 
the employee meetings. I hadn't planned for David Oxley to be in the meeting 
with Cary. If you feel that is necessary just let me know. Thanks.
This memo is to remind you of the QBR that is scheduled for tomorrow for the 
East Mid Market
Date:   8/18/00
Time:   8:30 - 11:30 am
Place:   EB 3314
Topic:   East Mid Market
Please contact either Kay (3x0643) or Beverly (5x7857) if you have any 
questions.
This is to remind you of the following meeting:
Date:    August 20,2000
Time:    1 pm - 4 pm
Place:   EB3321
Topic:   Energy Capital Resources QBR
Please contact either Kay (3x0643) or Beverly (5x7857) if you have any 
questions or concerns
Just a reminder:  the following QBR has been scheduled for your unit:
Date:   8/29/00
Time:   1 pm - 4 pm
Place:  EB3314
Topic:  Coal & Emissions QBR
Please contact Kay (3x0643) or Beverly (5x7857) if you have any questions Thanks
Just a reminder, the following QBR has been scheduled for your attendance:
Date:   August 28, 2000
Time:   1:00 PM to 4:00 PM
Place:  EB3314
Topic:  QBR
If you have any questions, please contact Kay (3x0643) or Beverly (5x7857 Thanks
This memo is to remind you of the QBR that will be held for your unit
Date:   August 25, 2000
Time:   9:00 am to 12:00 pm
Place:  EB 3314
Please contact either Kay (3x0643) or Beverly (5X7857) if have any 
questions.  Thanks
Dave has reserved a Plane to take all of you to Las Vegas for the Offsite, 
December 13th.  We have no idea  what time the PRC will be over; however, at 
the conclusion of the PRC everyone should plan to go straight to the Hanger 
to board the aircraft 
I just got confirmation last night that I have the plane, so I really don't 
have any details at this point.  As soon as I get the information, I will 
make packets for each of you with directions to the hanger.
We are asking that you make your own reservations for the return since 
everyone will be leaving at different times.
If you have any questions, please feel free to call me.
Thanks,
Kay  3-0643
Please be sure to check your calendar for the following QBR
Date:    August 24, 2000
Time:    1:00 pm to 4:00 PM
Place:   EB 3321
Topic:   East Midstream QBR
I will look foward to seeing you there.
Ben, can you spend a little time and give me some feedback on this item.
Delainey
Any interest in pursuing?  Please advise.  Thanks, SRS
I recently read articles about Enron Corporation in Fortune magazine  and=20
Business Week, and was encouraged by your success in building a  flexible and=20
innovative workforce. I admire this type of approach from a leader  of a=20
large, multi-national company.=20
Based on Enron=01,s initiatives to market and sell wholesale electricity, and =20
the recent power shortages across various regions of the country, I was =20
motivated to develop a business opportunity utilizing my experience and =20
knowledge of the on-site power generation market. I realized that an=20
unregulated  utility company could take advantage of existing, unused=20
stand-by generator  capacity.
My plan sells the excess capacity of these generators in the spot energy =20
market, when the on-site generators are commanded to power customer base=20
loads,  thereby freeing up an equivalent amount of energy. My plan requires=20
minimal  capital investment, produces a sales volume of $2.0M, and a net=20
profit of  $400,000.00 in year one. The attached business plan and three-year=20
pro forma P  & L statement provide further details.
I strongly believe this idea can and will provide a solid return on =20
investment. My goal is to heighten your interest enough to warrant further =20
discussion on the possibility of Enron integrating this business plan into=20
its  existing network of marketing, trading and selling electricity.
I chose to market this plan to Enron due to its leadership in the=20
deregulated  electricity market, and its corporate culture of innovation and=20
swift action.  Enron also has the name recognition, resources and national=20
presence required to  make this plan successful.
I look forward to hearing from you on the merit of my business plan, and the =20
feasibility of integrating it into your company.
Thank you for your time.
Brion R. Martin
brion.martin@prodigy.net
Home: 609-953-1668
Mobile: 215-778-7084
- Pro Forma P & L.xls
- Business Plan Presentation.ppt
The following meeting has been arranged:
Date:  August  17, 2000
Wednesday
Time:  4:00 pm
Location: 3316
Topic:  EOL
Attendees: Mark Frevert
Dave Delainey
John Lavorato
John Arnold
Hunter Shively
Phillip Allen
Andrew Zipper (Traveling)
Thanks,
Kay  3-0643
Guys, my suggestion would be that RAC should manage the overall monitoring 
responsibility for ENA;however, I assume that Janet and Chris will continue 
to be responsible for the ENA turbine book.  They should be actively managing 
and monitoring ENA's piece.
Delainey
Fred L Kelly@_DEVELOPMENT
08/15/2000 06:27 PM
Thanks for the note Mat.  Look fwd to supporting your effort as needed 
Just to insure that ENA and RAC aren't duplicating efforts...., we have been 
told by Rick Buy that he wanted RAC to keep the Enron Turbine "book" (with 
input from other business units), and have just concluded multiple sessions 
w/ RAC to xfer that function to them (I think we invited your team to those 
sessions).  Rick Carson/RAC is working on a format that can be used by 
multiple parties, including board presentations.  The idea was that different 
business units (ENA,, EECC, etc) could provide input, and....., RAC's 
involvement would enhance the list 
If ENA is going to keep "the turbine book" - maybe RAC doesn't need to (none 
of our business, but...., doesn't seem like RAC needs to be doing the same 
thing you are doing 
Who from ENA could discuss this w/ Dave Gorte (Rick's on vacation 
Also - do you have a rep that can attend the bi-weekly turbine lunches where 
we go through the list - coordinating turbine efforts across all business 
units 
Thanks - F.Kelly
Mathew Gimble@ECT
08/15/2000 05:14 PM
Tammy Shepperd and myself have been asked to maintain the status of Enron's 
turbine position.  This list includes the 24 LM6000s, all other ENA turbines 
and all Enron turbines to the extent information is available.  The file 
includes 3 worksheets:
Turbine Inventory:  lists the turbine, delivery, ownership, project 
commitment and other related items.
LM6000 Status:  includes delivery, configuration, project commitment and 
other related items.
LM6000 Assign:  less detailed schedule with the delivery, project commitment 
and current availability.
In the future, to maintain the integrity of this information, the file will 
NOT be emailed, but will accessible from the following location in a Read 
Only format:
O:\NAES\Master Turbine Listing.xls
It is our view that requiring users to access the actual directory will be 
the most efficient method of assuring the user is receiving up-to-date 
information.  As project needs arise or change, please email or contact Tammy 
Shepperd at (713) 853-6589 or myself at (713) 853-3526.  In addition, if 
there is other information that would be useful, let us know.
Thanks,
Mathew Gimble
John, if we invite Scott then I think we have to add Eric Thode(PR/IR however, everyone would be in!!
What do you think?
Delainey
John J Lavorato@
08/16/2000 09:24 AM
Dave
I hate to make the management committee too big but how about Scott Tholen He is very high quality.
Kay, can you make sure I am available
Dave 
If you are available we would appreciate you attending.
Ray
Sent by: Marsha Schiller
From Ray Bowen, Bryan Burnett, Rodney Malcolm:
Please join the Industrial Origination Group for a Happy Hour!
Date:  Friday, August 18, 2000
Time:  5:30 p.m 
Place:  1011 Wood Street
(Bryan Burnett's Lofts)*
RSVP:  Please RSVP (Yes or No) to Rebecca Skupin by no later than 12:00  noon on  Wednesday, August 16 
*  Directions:  Drive North from Enron Building on N. Main over the bayou                      Take the 1st right, 3-story brick warehouse, parking 
available inside the gate.
(Hopefully we have not missed anyone in the Industrial Origination Group - if 
you notice someone that is not on the list that should have been please let 
Marsha know)
This is it.  So sorry I left you name off.
Kay
Sent by: Kay Chapman
This is a reminder !!!!!  There will be a Friday Meeting August 18, 2000 This meeting replaces the every Friday Meeting and will be held every other 
Friday.
Date:  Friday August 18, 2000
Time:  2:30 pm - 4:30 pm
Location: 30C1  
Topic:   ENA Management Committee
If you have any questions or conflicts, please feel free to call me (3-0643) 
or Bev (3-7857).
Thanks,
Kay 3-0643
Staff & Budget Meeting has been cancelled.  Please make a note on your 
calendars A new committee has been formed "ENA Management Committee".  A memo will be 
going out with the attendees and with the times.
If you have any questions, please feel free to call me.
Thanks,
Kay
This is a reminder !!!!!  There will be a Friday Meeting August 18, 2000 This meeting replaces the every Friday Meeting and will be held every other 
Friday.
Date:  Friday August 18, 2000
Time:  2:30 pm - 4:30 pm
Location: 30C1  
Topic:   ENA Management Committee
If you have any questions or conflicts, please feel free to call me (3-0643) 
or Bev (3-7857).
Thanks,
Kay 3-0643
Mark, this is great - giving the increased exposure/politics in some of these 
markets it makes a lot of sense.
Delainey
Per our conversation on coordination of our efforts on California and other 
jurisdictions, we have developed the following training program:
1.    Anti-trust -- we have completed anti-trust training in Houston for 
traders and have scheduled it in Portland and Calgary.
2.    Sales Practices -- this training has been completed in Portland and is 
being scheduled in Houston and Calgary.
3.    Anti-manipulation -- this training has been completed in Portland, but 
needs to be expanded to cover local law manipulation issues.  It also needs 
to be scheduled in Houston and Calgary. 
Also, the above training needs to be supplemented with training on local 
power pool rules.  There is a similar program being prepared in London.  A 
meeting is being scheduled so we can discuss these matters further.
Mark Haedicke
James A Hughes@_DEVELOPMENT
11/30/2000 03:39 PM
Dave:
The Cuiaba meeting is on Monday at 3:00 pm.  Location to be determined.  I 
will forward the location ASAP.
Jim
As part of the restructuring between ENA and Global Markets and consistent 
with the view to increase our focus on building our core gas and power 
business, we have decided to re-formulate the ENA Management Committee.  As 
part of this change, each of you are invited to participate in dialogue and 
decisions which will impact the overall course of our business. Ultimately, 
this group is responsible for the overall financial performance and strategic 
direction of ENA.  The only structural committment to your time will be a 
pre-scheduled Management Committee meeting every second Friday afternoon 
starting at 2:30 PM until 4:30PM in 30 C2 (video conference room).  The 
Portland, Canadian and Mexican offices can connect via video conference.  The 
meetings wil focus on financial targets, deal flow, market opportunities, 
staffing and strategic direction.  The first meeting will be scheduled on 
this Friday 
Everybody should make a serious committment to attend, to stay for the entire 
meeting and to be on time 
Delainey
Mark, I am in favour.
Delainey
I would like to change our policy regarding taping telephone trades.  I 
propose the following:
1.   Retention Period  -- change the retention period from 4 months to 2 
months
2.  Record Only Deal Terms -- change from taping everything to taping only 
the deal terms at the end of a call
The first change could be made immediately and the second change would 
require both reprogramming (Phillippe is looking at this) and training of the 
traders to press the record button at the end of a call to record the deal 
terms.  Let me know your thoughts on the proposed changes.
Mark Haedicke
Wayne, that would be fine.
Delainey
Wayne Mays
08/14/2000 03:39 PM
Dave, I will set up the meeting.  Should we also include Tammy Sheppard Thanks.  Wayne.
David W Delainey
08/08/2000 08:50 AM
Guys, I would like to schedule a quarterly meeting to review our technical 
risk as a part of this reporting procedure.  Wayne can you set up a meeting 
for the four of us over the next few weeks 
Delainey
Attached are first drafts of reports for Dave Delainey that detail assets 
that may or may not pose a technical risk for ENA. The current draft was 
developed with input from Wayne Mays, Mark Dobler and Andrea Reed.
I would be most appreciative if each of you would review these reports at 
your earliest convenience and respond back with your comments/updates Please note:   In the Technical book dated 8/03 there are 2 tabs - Risk and 
No risk.
Dave has asked for this report to be updated monthly for inclusion in a 
reporting package for ENA's Office of the Chair.  After we are satisfied that 
this is the proper format and is all inclusive I will communicate a process 
for monthly updates.
Thanks in advance for your assistance.
Tammy Shepperd
x36589
Please note time change for the QBR to be held on Friday, August 18th.  It 
will be from 8:30 am to 11:30 am so that we can have the Friday afternoon 
budget and staff meeting.  The QBR will be held in EB3321.
Thanks.
Guys, this is my first cut on who I would want to be in this group. I think 
this is an important exercise on a couple different fronts.  We need to bring 
more people "in" which should increase their accountability for ENA results 
overall, improve communication and teamwork and provide a platform to 
evaluate future leaders.
Trading   Origination  Country Managers  Support   Executive 
Belden    Dietrich   Milnthorp   Colwell    Frevert
Presto    Calger   Yzaguirre   Beck    Delainey
Arnold    Duran       Oxley    Lavorato
Neal    Bowen       Haedicke  Shively    Donahue      Murray  Allen    Mrha  Martin    Redmond
I would like to send out a note this week to communicate whatever we come up 
with in order to have the right folks available on Friday.
Look forward to your comments.
Delainey
Dave, I still believe that the most flexible model that provides high ROCE 
and has growth not constrained by capital is the one being employed by 
Enron.  I think the cash on cash returns on these Genco's in the short run 
will be good; however, I think it will be difficult for these companies to 
move quickly to react to market opportunities given their need to protect 
their long position (not unlike our friends in the oil & gas producing 
sector).  The returns and value provided by these companies will be primarily 
be based on the timing of new production and their asset base and they will 
realize (on a relative basis) very little from the trading.
It is not a bad model just a different one.
Either way, they will be  a strong bid for assets given their story to Wall 
Street.
Delainey
David Haug@_DEVELOPMENT
08/10/2000 10:17 PM
What do you guys think of the conclusion here re the need for large asset 
portfolios? - - -DLH
Shawn Cumberland
08/10/2000 11:41 AM
David:  This is a very intersting article for you to consider when the 
management considers what businesses Newco should include.  This article 
suggests that a combination of physical assets and trading are best.  That 
may  be true for US and Europe markets, but maybe not for lesser developed 
countries.
Shawn
Analyst: Koch Venture Adds Value To Entergy-FPL Merger
By Bryan Lee
08/10/2000 
Dow Jones Energy Service 
OF DOW JONES NEWSWIRES 
WASHINGTON -(Dow Jones)- The trading venture between Entergy Corp. (ETR) and 
Koch Industries will get a big boost from the utility's planned merger with 
FPL Group (FPL), marrying trading floor expertise with a commanding array of 
power plant assets.
So says Diane Borska, director of the utilities and energy practice at 
Cambridge, Mass.-based Fuld Inc., a consulting firm specializing in 
"competitive intelligence In April, Entergy and Koch formed a joint venture to trade electricity and 
natural gas. 
The Koch joint venture is "the real killer thing about this merger," Borska 
said in an interview, in which she elaborated on her observations in a "white 
paper" analyzing the Entergy-FPL transaction. 
Once completed, the merger will put the combined company at the vanguard of 
competitive energy companies seeking convergence between physical assets and 
trading floor and risk management expertise, Borska said. 
Many companies are strong in trading floor and risk management expertise, but 
lack physical assets they can leverage in competitive electricity markets, 
Borska observed. 
On the other hand, utilities are rich in physical assets, but lack trading 
floor expertise, she said. 
In the past, "the people who have excelled have not necessarily had physical 
assets," Borska said. 
But in the future, "the people who are going to dominate are going to have 
both huge national asset portfolios and top-tier trading and risk management 
expertise," she said. "It's not going to one or the other 
Koch has been in the top 20 in terms of trading energy. But adding the 
tremendous portfolio of power plant assets involved in the Entergy-FPL merger 
will undoubtedly bump Koch's trading into the top 10 or top five, Borska 
predicted. 
The stock transaction valued at $7 billion will bring together 48,000 
megawatts of power generation capacity, creating the nation's largest 
electric utility company with 6.3 million customers. 
Included in that staggering generation portfolio are 10,000 megawatts of 
so-called "merchant" power plants, which solely sell wholesale energy into 
competitive bulk-power markets, rather than serve a retail customer base. 
These competitive-market merchant plants are geographically dispersed in a 
complementary way, distributed among five regional power market hubs in the 
Northeast and mid-Atlantic, Southeast, Midwest, Gulf South and Western 
states, Borska noted. 
The two companies' existing development pipeline would triple the existing 
10,000 megawatts merchant generating capacity, and plans call for growing the 
business into a 70,000-megawatt merchant-plant portfolio, Borska noted. 
"Additions to the fleet will come from additional nuclear power plant 
acquisitions and from green-field development of gas-fired plants," Borska 
noted in her white paper analysis of the transaction. 
The companies will be able to piggy-back onto Koch's 10,000-mile network of 
pipelines to supply their planned gas-fired power plant additions, Borska 
noted. 
The merger, when combined with the access to gas supply and trading-floor 
expertise of Koch, should cause investors to re-examine the higher valuations 
given pure-play generation companies compared to generation-rich combination 
companies, Borska said. 
AES Corp. (AES) and Calpine Corp. (CPN) have huge market valuations, but 
aren't known for engaging in "large, deep trading," she said. 
"Their ability to fully leverage their assets in the marketplace has been 
limited," Borska said. 
The Entergy merger with FPL, when considered in light of the Koch joint 
venture, "raises the bar for a Calpine or an AES" to gain the capability to 
leverage their significant physical assets, Borska said. 
Other energy companies, such as Dynegy (DYN) and Duke Energy (DUK), marry 
significant generation assets with trading floor sophistication, Borska 
conceded. 
But they aren't on the same scale or geographic scope as the Entergy-FPL-Koch 
combination, she said. 
-By Bryan Lee, Dow Jones Newswires; 202-862-6647; bryan.lee@dowjones.com
Janet, any thoughts - do we have excess development staff - this would be a 
good opportunity for the brave at heart.
Delainey
Any thoughts on below?
Joseph P Hirl@
08/13/2000 09:45 PM
Kevin,
How are things going?  Don't imagine you are too upset not having to deal 
with California or the wildfires out west?  Things are going well for us 
here, but as we expected it is like the US in 94/95 (things just starting) 
and Europe (96/97).  The Japanese utilities are not being too original in 
their approach... same playbook.  Regardless of all of this, looking at sites 
and potential development of physical trading assets is starting to look 
quite promising.  Jpnese cutting back on nuclear and significantly increasing 
LNG and many old oil-fired plants out there are just a few of the 
characteristics.
You mentioned in your last email that you had significantly reduced your 
efforts at adding capacity in the East.  Along these lines would you know of 
anyone that might be interested in a Japan tour to get all of this going Ideally it would be someone at the Director level.  Let me know.
Joe
Just a reminder.....West Mid Market QBR will be held this week:
DATE:   FRIDAY, AUGUST 18, 2000
TIME:   1:00 PM TO 4:00 PM
PLACE:   EB3321
I will look forward to seeing you there.
There has been a change in the monthly dinner meeting as follows:
DATE:   August 14, 2000
PLACE:   The Map Room
Brennan's
3300 Smith
713/522-9711
TIME:    6:30 PM
Please make a note of these changes.  I will look forward to seeing you 
there.
Just a reminder:  The Industrial QBR is scheduled for Monday as follows:
DATE:   8/14/00
TIME:    1 PM - 4 PM
PLACE:   EB 3321
Please mark your calendars for this meeting. 
Mark, I really don't think we need to have this all hands mtg - in particular 
I don't want to drag Lou into this discussion again.
Delainey
James M Bannantine@_DEVELOPMENT
11/30/2000 05:46 PM
I will be in Houston next week and we can discuss if you want to.  The idea 
here was not to explain the retail product offering or any concern of 
dropping the ball, rather a one off download of where we currently stand in 
South America  and high level overview of  how to work together to keep 
everyone on the same sheet of music and not miss  a beat.  For instance, 
there is already a local staff in place to handle initial deal flow (which is 
already happening) that needs to benefit from Dan's systems and best 
practices, but which has already based what they are doing on how Dan 
operates.  We have always benefited from as much of Dan's and Marty's 
attention as we could get over the past year and a half as we set this up By the same token we can't be competitive in this business in Brazil on a 
cost basis from Houston, so that is why we have formed local staff based on 
EES systems and practices, and hopefully some controls as we go forward.  It 
is late here and my assistant is gone but I think the meeting is already 
scheduled.  If you can't be there maybe we can backbrief you.
David W Delainey@ECT
11/30/2000 11:21 AM
Jim, I really don't see a need for this meeting - you can count on us not 
dropping the ball.  I have a good understanding of the retail product 
offering, in fact, we lead the outsourcing sales process for the large 
industrial customers in NA until EES bought back their minority 
shareholders.  I have a very good relationship with Dan Leff and Sunde.  I 
already have Dan's committment to help service the execution of the business 
initially.  As it grows and the product proves itself out we can staff.
Delainey
James M Bannantine@_DEVELOPMENT
11/30/2000 10:33 AM
My assistant will be putting together a meeting/conference call for next 
WEdnesday on how to move forward with retail in South America given the plan 
to have retail report through the wholesale group in South America for 2001 Key points for discussion will be:
-brief overview of the state of the retail business in South America
-brief overview of the current retail organization and how it would report 
through wholesale
-discussion of how we  move from where we are currently (good value 
proposition, customer's signed up, organization to implement)  to make the 
retail business a success:
-by having an interface with EES for best practices, systems, etc  -under wholesale budget and organization for simplicity and cost sake
Wednesday is Mark's first day back in the office from Europe, Dan will be in 
Europe, Orlando will be in Brazil, others I believe in Houston, so we will 
try to accomodate everyone's schedules or at least get a quorum of those 
involved present on the call/meeting. 
Today's Staff & Budget Meeting has been cancelled.  Please make a note on 
your calendars.
Because of a scheduling conflict earlier in the month, we had to cancel our 
original plans for dinner.  The plans have been revised as follows:
DATE:  August 18, 2000
PLACE:  The Wine Room
River Oaks Grill
2630 Westheimer
713/520-1738
TIME:   6:30 PM
If you have any questions or concerns, please do not hesitate to contact Kay 
(3X0643) or Beverly (5X7857 
I will look forward to seeing you there.
Jeff, you are killing me - we targeted that group specifically to build the 
risk business in gas and east power in the short run.  This was well planned 
effort.
Delainey
Gwendolyn Petteway@
08/10/2000 02:54 PM
Dave and John, I spoke to Jeff Shenkman and he has indicated that the 
following new associates are to support him in his role in Global Markets:
Dustin Collins
Vikas Dwivedi
Li Sun
Although Jeff mentioned a fourth associate, these are the only 3 that are 
identified in our system.
John after speaking with you, it is clear that you have not been in contact 
with Jeff regarding these associates supporting him.
Dave, can we discuss this matter?  I can be reached at 713/853-7351.  My 
pager # is 1-800-980-1665.  Thanks 
Rob, I spoke with Paul.  Eric didn't rank high enough.
Delainey
Rob Milnthorp
08/10/2000 09:14 AM
Dave, thanks very much for the options...much appreciated (and unexpected Lavo had let me know that both Davies and Tycholiz were receiving options 
also. Do you know if and what was done for Paul and Eric? Please let me know 
at your convenience. thanks, milly.
Please note that the time of the Friday afternoon staff meeting has been 
changed for this week only.  Please mark the following on your calendar:
Date:    Friday, August 11, 2000
Time:    3:30 pm - 5:30 pm
Location:   EB 30C1
Topic:   Combined Staff and Budget Meeting
If you have any questions/conflicts, please feel free to call Kay (30643) or 
me.
Thanks!
Beverly
57857
Larry, go get 'em.  Whatever you can get you can keep and reduce the fee You could make this easy for both of us.
Delainey
Larry L Izzo@_DEVELOPMENT
08/09/2000 02:03 PM
Currently, Enron has several contractual disputes with Siemens/Westinghouse These include:  $5-10MM lingering from Marmara; about $4-5MM on Puerto Rico; 
and maybe $1-3MM on the Gleason and Indiana Peakers.
In my meeting with Randy Zwirn yesterday, Randy suggested that I meet with 
him in an attempt to come to a global settlement on all the Enron disputes 
I propose to do this.  I understand the strength of the contractual issues on 
each of these projects and I think I can close out the issues by optimizing 
the Enron leverage in one global settlement.  The process will take from 
30-60 days as both sides collect all contractual arguments.
I'll keep ENA informed.
Let me know if either of you object to this global type approach 
LI35700
Margaret, what is involved with this Permanent Residency application?  How 
does it change my status as a non-immigrant resident?
Delainey
Margaret Daffin
08/09/2000 03:16 PM
Dave:  Further to our conversation today, I checked with our immigration 
attorneys, and they confirm that the maximum extension for an L1 visa is two 
years at a time.
However, they did suggest that you might like to consider a Permanent 
Residency application for a Multi-national Executive.  If you would like to 
pursue this avenue, please let me know and we can proceed.
If you have any further questions, please call me at x55083.
Margaret Daffin
Dave would like to cancel the bloomberg program that he presently has on his 
computer.  Can you do this for him or can you direct me to the proper person ?
Thanks for your help.
Kay
713-853-0643
Janet, get rid of these LM's - too many cooks!
Delainey
As I mentioned to you earlier, there is much interest/concern about managing 
the ENE portfolio of turbines, both from a balance sheet and a deal 
perspective, as a result I've had numerous data requests in the last few 
weeks including one today from RAC.
I thought you might be interested in the comment I have highlighted below, in 
blue, regarding the LM6000's.
Tammy
Fred L Kelly@_DEVELOPMENT
08/03/2000 03:09 PM
Thanks Mike - the effort underway (by RAC and EECC) is an overall Enron 
turbine effort, to which the LM6000's are a subset.  Rick Buy must report to 
Skilling and the board on the "long" turbine position....... thus the current 
effort.  RAC and EECC have initated a more formal process where RAC will be 
keeping a master list of turbines for Enron (like I am currently doing) with 
input from EECC.  Dan Shultz's team will be plugged into that effort so we 
don't have redundant list efforts going 
Matt Gimble's list looks very detailed and specific to the LM6000 effort - I 
think some of his data will be benefitial to the Enron Master Turbine List I will ask that Mat Tezyk and Rick Carson/RAC to coordinate 
Additionally - I think Dan/Mat Tezyk have some turbine lists they are using 
to track manufacturing and QA checks........, I don't think those lists are 
intended to ever replace the Enron Master Turbine list 
Finally - Larry Izzo asked that Dan put a list together regarding the 
LM6000's so that he (Izzo) could interface with ESA, ENA, and RAC.  I'm sure 
that Dan could use Matt Gimble's list, overlaying ESA's needs (if they were 
not listed 
In summary - If we have redundant efforts going - help me highlight them so 
we can remove unneccessary work 
Thanks for the note!  F.Kelly
Mike Coleman
08/03/2000 12:16 PM
To avoid confusion, we should not have everyone generating separate turbine 
lists.  Matt Gimble at ENA/Houston is sheperding a comprehensive list and is 
setting it up at a site that everyone can access.  The current issue is 
attached.  When Matt has the site location set up, I will notify you.
Thanks!
Mike
Mathew Gimble@ECT
08/03/2000 11:25 AM
Mike,
The Master Turbine Listing contains the schedules that Tammy Shepperd and I 
gathered together.
It includes an overal Turbine Inventory, Brian Hulse's LM6000 schedules and 
an LM6000 Timing page.
The LM6000 Configuration is Ben Jacoby's schedule.
As soon as Tammy and I set up the protection on the Master Turbine Schedule, 
I will send you its
location.
Thanks for all of your help and feedback,
Mathew
David W Delainey
08/08/2000 10:48 AM
Joe, thanks for the message. It has been my experience that people who have 
had experience in our trading, mid market and structuring groups have a 
better overall understanding of how Enron (ECT or ENA) looks at value and 
manages risk.  Personally, this is the track I took which included a very 
solid foundation in accounting, operations, trading, structuring and then 
ultimately in origination.
I hope this helps.
Delainey
Joseph Short@
08/03/2000 02:59 PM
Dave-
You mentioned in enside that some of the skills needed to succeed at Enron 
are solid structuring skills as well as a grasp of the the accounting, legal, 
commercial and credit implications of a deal.  What is the best way to obtain 
these skills?  Do you believe it is necessary or worthwhile to work a trading 
desk to truly understand how ENA functions?
Thanks,
Joe Short
Michael L Miller@
12/12/2000 05:49 PM
A bit of good news:
Of the $2.582 MM payable to Bear, Stearns in conjunction with their advisory 
work on our behalf in selling our position in FirstWorld Communications last 
February, a total of $2.251 MM was accrued in March of this year.
The net P&L impact will therefore be limited to $331,123.
,
MLM
Pretty quiet on the EcoGas/Kafus front...... whats up?
Delainey
Guys, I would like to schedule a quarterly meeting to review our technical 
risk as a part of this reporting procedure.  Wayne can you set up a meeting 
for the four of us over the next few weeks 
Delainey
Attached are first drafts of reports for Dave Delainey that detail assets 
that may or may not pose a technical risk for ENA. The current draft was 
developed with input from Wayne Mays, Mark Dobler and Andrea Reed.
I would be most appreciative if each of you would review these reports at 
your earliest convenience and respond back with your comments/updates Please note:   In the Technical book dated 8/03 there are 2 tabs - Risk and 
No risk.
Dave has asked for this report to be updated monthly for inclusion in a 
reporting package for ENA's Office of the Chair.  After we are satisfied that 
this is the proper format and is all inclusive I will communicate a process 
for monthly updates.
Thanks in advance for your assistance.
Tammy Shepperd
x36589
Joe, thanks for the message. It has been my experience that people who have 
had experience in our trading, mid market and structuring groups have a 
better overall understanding of how Enron (ECT or ENA) looks at value and 
manages risk.  Personally, this is the track I took which included a very 
solid foundation in accounting, operations, trading, structuring and then 
ultimately in origination.
I hope this helps.
Delainey
Joseph Short@
08/03/2000 02:59 PM
Dave-
You mentioned in enside that some of the skills needed to succeed at Enron 
are solid structuring skills as well as a grasp of the the accounting, legal, 
commercial and credit implications of a deal.  What is the best way to obtain 
these skills?  Do you believe it is necessary or worthwhile to work a trading 
desk to truly understand how ENA functions?
Thanks,
Joe Short
Bill, Dave delainey is only recieving mail through 
david.w.delainey@. I checked in the address book and it appears as 
though he should be able to recieve email from david.delainey@. This 
is happening fom external accounts. I have checked his settings and 
everything seems to be fine. Could you please take a look at his mail file. 
If he can not recieve email through david.delainey@, can we make it 
to where he can. Please reply this back to Kay Chapman and myself.
Thanks,
Joe Brewer
thanks Ben - makes sense.
David W Delainey
08/01/2000 06:30 PM
please put on schedule
Tracy L Arthur
07/31/2000 11:47 AM
Text:  Please plan to attend and reception and dinner for Analysts and 
Associates who have made significant contributions to ENA.  The function will 
be hosted by the Office of the Chairman at Morton's Steak House located at 
5000 Westheimer on August 17, 2000.  The reception will start at 7:00pm with 
dinner to follow at 7:45pm.  Please RSVP to Ted Bland at ext. 3-5275 no later 
than close of business Monday, August 14.  This will be an informal gathering 
to discuss the progress of ENA and an open forum to interact with members of 
the senior management team on a one on one basis 
See you on the 17th 
Mark, Dave and John
Rob, we may be saying the same thing here - for the EES outsourcing 
proposition (which is more than just asset management) as being defined by 
Rodney et al should be managed together by Industrial Origination and ECC Although, I would agree that ECC should lead the sale process.  My view is 
that we should not and will not recreate the structuring, customer facing and 
execution requirements in Canada and Mexico required to do these deals. It is 
an important strategic iniative for ENA to complete a number of these deals. 
The problem is that a clear target list, joint accountabilities and schedule 
between the groups has not been rolled out which was discussed at Columbia 
Lakes.  All other industrial business other than P&P commodity/asset business 
is the perview of ECC.
Ultimately, I have not seen any outsourcing transactions from Canada in the 
deal structuring/due diligence queue.  The US group can help get these done 
and can help in the pitch.
Delainey
Rob Milnthorp
08/03/2000 04:17 PM
Dave, my thoughts regarding your note:
This is not what we agreed to in Columbia Lakes. You were very clear on the 
point that ENA Industrial Marketing had enough to do South of the border. We 
have staffed up our Industrial Marketing Team in Toronto and are covering all 
industrials (on a full-time basis) which meet our load threshold in Ontario. 
Unlike the U.S., Ontario is a relatively small market where we can and have 
complete coverage. Paul and his group have done a tremendous job at 
positioning Enron in this marketplace, demonstrating our core competencies, 
and developing credibility. The last thing I want is some marketer up here 
from the U.S. selling the box without knowing how to fill that box (ie does 
not know the market fundamentals, rules or regulatory regime). This does 
nothing for Enron as it confuses the customer on who they should be talking 
to and destroys whatever credibility we had created to date. I have attached 
for your reference, a status report on industrial coverage.
Perhaps the problem lies in how we are defining outsourcing. As you know, 
there exists a continuum from portfolio management through to the energy 
island concept. Enron Canada has been pitching the entire outsourcing 
continuum recognizing that for many of these industrials, they will want to 
walk before they run. The majority that we have talked to are interested in 
portfolio management, our market expertise & information, wholesale 
settlement services, and assistance with market opening readiness. I cant 
imagine how a U.S. originator could talk to or offer these services to 
Canadian Industrials. This is clearly in Enron Canada's wheelhouse.
With respect to the opposite side of the outsourcing continuum, it makes 
total sense to have ENA utilize its resources in pursuing energy island, 
asset outsourcing type structures. With these opportunities, I see ENA taking 
the lead with ECC second chair. Where these opportunities are identified by 
ECC, we will forward these to the appropriate ENA originator. To date, ENA 
and ECC have worked well on Blue Circle, Terra, Co-Steel and Nexfor.
As for Tembec, I am confused with what you mean by not changing the deal 
team. Kelli Metcalf has been up here twice talking to Tembec about a cogen in 
an area that does not make any economic sense. Jan and Paul have met with 
Tembec a number of times and we have had extensive discussions with Tembec 
specific to Ontario, Portfolio Management, Wholesale Settlement Services, 
Supply Procurement, and Asset Optimization. I realize that Bryan Burnett has 
an excellent relationship with Tembec and we should leverage off of this, but 
to simply "keep ECC in the loop" is fundamentally absurd and is not in 
Enron's best interests.
Milnthorp
David W Delainey
08/03/2000 12:09 PM
Guys, to end all arguments, I would suggest the following protocol which is 
similar to what was discussed at Columbia Lakes:
a) P&P swaps and anything to do with the network strategy/assets in the 
paper sector in Canada and Mexico - Industrial Origination;
b) Pure energy commodity positions and stand-alone energy assets (no 
outsourcing) for all industrial segments in Canada and Mexico - ECC or Enron 
Mexico; 
c) Energy outsourcing for all industrial segments in Canada and Mexico - I 
would like Enron Canada and Enron Mexico to develop a written target list in 
which ECC, Enron Mexico and the Industrial Origination groups would work 
together to develop, sell and execute on the most profitable and value adding 
outsourcing product for the industrial customer in Canada and Mexico - ECC 
and Enron Mexico's understanding of the energy markets in Canada and Mexico 
coupled with the customer facing, product development and execution skills in 
Houston should provide a winning team.  I am asking for the three teams to 
clearly identify the outsourcing targets, lead sales and structuring people 
and the timing as far as starting discussion with each target customer 
(ASAP).  I would hope that the Mexican and Canadian teams would lead the 
sales process and the Houston team lead the structuring, customer facing and 
execution but I will let you decide the optimum mix.  Either way, I am 
expecting this target list completed and agreed to in the next two weeks for 
Canada and Mexico;
and d) for Tembec I don't think it makes sense to change the deal team at 
this point; however, the US team will keep the Canadian team in the loop and 
if the products become non-outsourcing related the deal should be passed to 
ECC.
Delainey
Rob Milnthorp
08/03/2000 09:46 AM
Dave, attached is some of the background correspondence in anticipation of 
our meeting with Brian Burnett.
Milnthorp
Angela McCulloch
07/27/2000 11:07 AM
Rodney, Edward, Jim - We've been over this issue a number of times and I 
thought we had reached resolution when we last met with Delainey.  My 
understanding with respect to coverage of Canadian Industrials is as follows:
1.) ENA to take lead on industrials that have facilities in both US and 
Canada and will co-ordinate coverage with ECC with respect to Canadian 
Facilities.
2.) ECC to take lead on industrials that have Canadian Facilities only.
3.) With respect to Canadian Pulp & Paper Industrials, ENA will cover Pulp Paper Swaps and SPV structuring.  ECC will cover these industrials for all 
other Enron products (i.e. power, gas, services, etc.) Again, coverage needs 
to be co-ordinated.
Specific to Tembec, I share Paul's concerns on why ENA would send 2 people to 
talk to Tembec re: outsourcing when Tembec is across the hall from ECC, ECC 
has an established relationship, and Tembec is a Canadian Company with no US 
facilities.
It is my hope that we can resolve this amongst ourselves without having to 
get Dalainey involved. I would suggest a conference call next week.  In the 
interim, Paul will forward a CA to Tembec in contemplation of an outsourcing 
arrangement.
,
Angela McCulloch for  Rob Milnthorp
Assistant to Rob Milnthorp
(403) 974-6738
Paul Devries
07/25/2000 01:30 PM
Rob, We just had a very good meeting with Tembec about Energy procurement and 
energy outsourcing.  While the meeting went well, I am very confused about 
the Enron team making the pitch to them.  My understanding is that the 
Canadian originators - particularly the Toronto team for Eastern Canadian 
companies will be responsible for everything except for pulp and paper swaps 
and to some extent, new SPV's.
In this instance,
1.  Tembec is a Canadian Company
2.  All their assets are in Canada
3.  Jan has been working with Tembec people in their largest facility
4.  We know the executive team at Tembec
5.  We clearly are very knowleadgable in all aspects of the Ontario energy 
market which is their focus right now
6.  We understand and are pitching the overall energy outsourcing arrangement 
similar to the US pitches
With this in mind, I am not sure why Kellie Metcalf and Bob Anderson flew up 
here (6 hours flight time there and back, $4,000 to $5,000 in flights and 
hotels) for a 4 hour meeting with Tembec.  Kelly was quite vocal in saying 
that this is a client they want to serve out of Houston.  I have stated to 
her that that does not make any sense in terms of efficiency and costs and 
knowledge of the market where Tembec's assets are.  Obviously, much of the 
technical engineering work would and should be done by the engineering team 
put together in the Industrial Services Group should a deal be struck However, the commercial negotiations and marketing should be led by this 
office 
I thought this had been agreed to already.  We managed to piece up the 
meeting and deliver the "Enron" message, but going forward we need to have 
this resolved.
Cheers, Paul D
I agree 400% - I look forward to your plan.
James D Steffes@EES
08/04/2000 03:13 PM
SDG&E filed a Complaint with the FERC that requests an "emergency order 
capping at $250 per MWh the prices" for all parties selling into the Calif 
ISO and the Calif PX.   SDG&E claims that the Calif ISO and the Calif PX are 
"fundamentally flawed and inherently incapable of producing workable 
competition".
EPMI is directly impacted by this Complaint.   Even though FERC has approved 
EPMI's Market-Based Rate certificate after a finding that we had no market 
power, this Complaint would restrict us from selling at above $250 per MWh 
into the Calif ISO and Calif PX.
Government Affairs is responding in two ways 
1. A direct response from EPMI to FERC responding that there has been no 
finding that EPMI has market power and therefore we should not lose our 
market-based rate authority.
2. A response through WPTF (Western Power Trading Forum) and EPSA to argue 
more broadly the facts of what is going on in California (bad hedging by 
SDG&E) and poor market structure rules.
The fundamental problem is that the FERC is running scared about price spikes 
and may, without any real thinking, approve such a Complaint.  SDG&E has 
asked for expedited treatment and a decision could be out as early as mid 
August.
This issue again highlights how important the on-going FERC Investigation in 
Market Issues is for Enron.  We are putting together a detailed plan of how 
Enron will present our recommendations to FERC in this Investigation and will 
discuss this with you.
Call with questions 
Thanks,
Jim
Larry, my understanding is that ESA has taken four units and that Janet 
Dietrich in conversations with ESA has made four more available to ESA 
subject to them getting their deal approved by the board.  So I do not 
believe Enron needs to committ to additional LM units at this time.
Delainey
Larry L Izzo@_DEVELOPMENT
08/04/2000 11:30 AM
Guys, although I am hesitant to get in between ESA and ENA on this issue, my 
perception is that there is some confusion; we need to sort out at the top Let me describe what I understand of the facts 
First, ESA is coordinating a DASH through the RAC for eight LM 6000's.
Second, ENA has a list of 24 LM 6000's; the "ready to ship date" as shown on 
the following attachment; but only four of these are earmarked for ESA, as 
far as I understand.
Third, GE/S&S has approached me and is willing to sell us more LM 6000's if 
we need to.  The "ready to ship dates" for these new LM 6000's are between 
January - March, 2001.  We could possibly get these at the current preferred 
pricing (as a current contract change order).
ESA and ENA should discuss whether or not either party wants to buy some of 
the new LM 6000's that are now available for delivery between January March, 2001.  Does ENA want to substitute any of these for LM 6000's 
currently on hand and not allocated to ESA?  Is ENA earmarking four 
additional LM 6000's on the attached list to ESA, and if so, which ones?  If 
not, does ESA want EECC to secure any or all of the remaining units required, 
which we can do quickly, off the balance sheet.
My perception is that there is confusion and not clear direction, I recommend 
that both of you have a discussion and establish a clear definition of what 
we are doing with the LM 6000's and whether either of you want to entertain 
the purchase of the new LM 6000's.  Let me know if I can help.
LI34400
How do like that ..... I like this guy. 
John Massey
08/03/2000 08:22 AM
Dave,
Thanks for taking time to have dinner with us last night. I learned a 
tremendous amount about ENA and the strategic vision for the company. It is 
reassuring to know that we have such competent leaders at the helm.
Thanks Again,
John Massey
Joe Kishkill@
11/28/2000 01:25 PM
Dave,
Here is the list of folks involved in Cuiaba.
Laine Powell and his team - Project execution team for Cuiaba, located in 
Cuiaba
Jose Anson - Develpment -  Engineering/Permitting
Joan Carlos Albuquerque - FURNAS/Eletrobra relationship
Valeria Lima - ANP relationship
Daine Duarte - Local in Cuiaba.  Sounds like formally part of Lammers' team, 
but practically part of Laine's team
Jose Lucio dos Reis Neto - Agencies involved in electric system operation Recovery oil fuel oil costs (complicated story/very important task)
Jose Bestard - Project continuity.  Original PPA negotiations
John Novak - Lawyer...key to financing
Rob Gay - Financing lead...key to financing
Rick Lammers - Commercial project lead
I sent this on top of Pete Weidler's e-mail and summarized a good part of it 
above.  Only Lammers and Gay were not mentioned in Pete's e-mail.
Another thought...pull people in from EE&CC as part of the "new team".  No 
basis in fact here, but I suspect there are too many contractor/owner games 
going on.  Probably need the EE&CC key people list as well.  Do you want me 
to shake it loose, do you want to work it with Leff, or bad idea?
Let me know if you have any additional questions.
Thanks,
KIsh
Peter E Weidler
11/27/2000 08:17 PM
Joe - this is the list I asked Laine to put together. - I asked him not to 
list all the folks under Laine - as I assume they stay with the project no 
matter where it goes.
Jose Anson - he is the coordinator of permitting at IBAMA and ANP for the 
pipeline.  He is also involved with working on the FUNAI issues a result of 
his efforts on the IBAMA license.  Key person.
Joao Carlos A. - although he is working on the project on an ad hoc basis he 
is key in terms of the FURNAS/Eletrobras relationship.  Not only does he know 
folks but he also gets things done within the system.
Valeria Lema - She is the relationship manager with ANP.
Daiane Duarte - Daiane Duarte is on the PanEng payroll until the end of the 
year after which she has been dialed out.  Have asked Rick several times 
about her future with his group.  She is critical locally in Cuiaba due to 
relations with FEMA and other agencies for obtaining the state permits that 
are still outstanding as well as working with Anson et al.
Lucio Reis - he is very active in working with ANEEL/ONS/MAE and others.  He 
has been a key to our success on the CCC account.  He is a must to making the 
project successful.  Knows the contacts and basically understands the project 
from the regulatory and CCC account point-of-view.
Two other people that are not involved in "our side" of fence on a daily 
basis but are valuable are Jose Bestard and John Novak.  Jose knows the 
history and John is the counsel with the longest tenure on the project.
Pete
Joe Kishkill
11/27/2000 06:16 AM
Pete,
But you (or does anyone) have a definitive team list for Cuiaba?  Need this 
for transition planning purposes.  I agree with your sentiment that some 
folks may be pulling double duty while we button up Cuiaba.   Just need to 
know "how many" and "who".
Thanks,
Kish
Peter E Weidler
11/26/2000 09:07 PM
we can do this by phone.
Pete
Peter E Weidler
11/26/2000 05:59 PM
Rebecca has asked for a review of the Cuiaba project.   Her current thinking 
is that it should be under one shop - not split responsibility.   Which shop 
is not clear to me - I presume this will be decided pretty soon.
The review will take place the week of Dec 4th.   She wants a straight 
forward  decription of what is left to be done and what the issues are.  I am 
thinking the presenters are Laine, Rick, Jose.  In attendance are Rob and 
John.     Can divide the presentation up into 
getting the construction finished/cost issues/EECC - subcontractor issues Laine 
Furnas/Electrobras issues - Rick 
YPF - gas supply - Mark to market position - opportunities - Rick
MAE/ONS issues - current thinking.  - Jose
Current economics. - Rick
Everyone should have a page prepared ahead of time with the discussion topics 
on it - she doesn't want a detailed presentation - just the facts.   Can we 
send the page per topic around by this friday 
I will ask Rebecca for two hours the week of the 4th and let you know.
Joe - we should talk about where the project should best end up - I think 
Rebecca is flexible -   don't really know what Dave is thinking.
Pete
Let me know your thoughts after you speak with him.
Delainey
Craig is coming by today to pitch a few ideas.  I'll let you know what he 
comes up with (or if you'd like to be present when he does, let me know and 
I'll get it on your calendar).  Do you have any preliminary ideas?
On another note, last night was a great idea, and I think it went a long 
way.  Thanks for the intro to the group.
Thanks
Jeff
David W Delainey
08/02/2000 06:15 PM
Jeff, we are thinking about how to finish the mid-market iniative and I need 
to know if you want Breslau.  I would like him in a singular role and 
accountability so I need to plan to incorporate him or not depending on if 
you want him.
Delainey
Fred, I will research our potential needs otherwise I agree with your 
approach to keep the option open for as long as possible.
Delainey
Fred L Kelly@_DEVELOPMENT
08/03/2000 12:52 PM
Need input if anyone thinks we need more turbines than John Schroeder/GE has 
forecasted.  My gut feel is that John has forecasted more turbines than we 
will need (which is OK 
The GE planning Boys called John and asked him to check with Enron....... and 
determine if Enron wanted any turbines in the 2002/2003 timeframe (the 
previous assumption being 7F's wouldn't be available till 4Q03, and 7EA's 
wouldn't be available till 1Q03).  John stated that he didn't know what the 
request from Schenectady meant....., but....., maybe a few production slots 
were coming available as things shake out.....  John told them that he 
thought Enron might be interested in:
qty 4 7EA's and qty 4 7F's for ESA
qty 2 7EA's and qty 2 7F's for Mexico
qty 6 7EA's and qty 6 7F's for NA
John is asking us........, "that would be enough...... right?".  We don't 
need to change that input (from John Schroeder to Schenectady) if we want 
less than he forecasted, but....., if someone knows something I don't, 
and....., we would want more turbines than the above......., please let us 
know 
On an immediate basis, John also stated that he had requests in for turbines 
for Saudi, and....., "an island project 
- F.Kelly
Guys, to end all arguments, I would suggest the following protocol which is 
similar to what was discussed at Columbia Lakes:
a) P&P swaps and anything to do with the network strategy/assets in the 
paper sector in Canada and Mexico - Industrial Origination;
b) Pure energy commodity positions and stand-alone energy assets (no 
outsourcing) for all industrial segments in Canada and Mexico - ECC or Enron 
Mexico; 
c) Energy outsourcing for all industrial segments in Canada and Mexico - I 
would like Enron Canada and Enron Mexico to develop a written target list in 
which ECC, Enron Mexico and the Industrial Origination groups would work 
together to develop, sell and execute on the most profitable and value adding 
outsourcing product for the industrial customer in Canada and Mexico - ECC 
and Enron Mexico's understanding of the energy markets in Canada and Mexico 
coupled with the customer facing, product development and execution skills in 
Houston should provide a winning team.  I am asking for the three teams to 
clearly identify the outsourcing targets, lead sales and structuring people 
and the timing as far as starting discussion with each target customer 
(ASAP).  I would hope that the Mexican and Canadian teams would lead the 
sales process and the Houston team lead the structuring, customer facing and 
execution but I will let you decide the optimum mix.  Either way, I am 
expecting this target list completed and agreed to in the next two weeks for 
Canada and Mexico;
and d) for Tembec I don't think it makes sense to change the deal team at 
this point; however, the US team will keep the Canadian team in the loop and 
if the products become non-outsourcing related the deal should be passed to 
ECC.
Delainey
Rob Milnthorp
08/03/2000 09:46 AM
Dave, attached is some of the background correspondence in anticipation of 
our meeting with Brian Burnett.
Milnthorp
Angela McCulloch
07/27/2000 11:07 AM
Rodney, Edward, Jim - We've been over this issue a number of times and I 
thought we had reached resolution when we last met with Delainey.  My 
understanding with respect to coverage of Canadian Industrials is as follows:
1.) ENA to take lead on industrials that have facilities in both US and 
Canada and will co-ordinate coverage with ECC with respect to Canadian 
Facilities.
2.) ECC to take lead on industrials that have Canadian Facilities only.
3.) With respect to Canadian Pulp & Paper Industrials, ENA will cover Pulp Paper Swaps and SPV structuring.  ECC will cover these industrials for all 
other Enron products (i.e. power, gas, services, etc.) Again, coverage needs 
to be co-ordinated.
Specific to Tembec, I share Paul's concerns on why ENA would send 2 people to 
talk to Tembec re: outsourcing when Tembec is across the hall from ECC, ECC 
has an established relationship, and Tembec is a Canadian Company with no US 
facilities.
It is my hope that we can resolve this amongst ourselves without having to 
get Dalainey involved. I would suggest a conference call next week.  In the 
interim, Paul will forward a CA to Tembec in contemplation of an outsourcing 
arrangement.
,
Angela McCulloch for  Rob Milnthorp
Assistant to Rob Milnthorp
(403) 974-6738
Paul Devries
07/25/2000 01:30 PM
Rob, We just had a very good meeting with Tembec about Energy procurement and 
energy outsourcing.  While the meeting went well, I am very confused about 
the Enron team making the pitch to them.  My understanding is that the 
Canadian originators - particularly the Toronto team for Eastern Canadian 
companies will be responsible for everything except for pulp and paper swaps 
and to some extent, new SPV's.
In this instance,
1.  Tembec is a Canadian Company
2.  All their assets are in Canada
3.  Jan has been working with Tembec people in their largest facility
4.  We know the executive team at Tembec
5.  We clearly are very knowleadgable in all aspects of the Ontario energy 
market which is their focus right now
6.  We understand and are pitching the overall energy outsourcing arrangement 
similar to the US pitches
With this in mind, I am not sure why Kellie Metcalf and Bob Anderson flew up 
here (6 hours flight time there and back, $4,000 to $5,000 in flights and 
hotels) for a 4 hour meeting with Tembec.  Kelly was quite vocal in saying 
that this is a client they want to serve out of Houston.  I have stated to 
her that that does not make any sense in terms of efficiency and costs and 
knowledge of the market where Tembec's assets are.  Obviously, much of the 
technical engineering work would and should be done by the engineering team 
put together in the Industrial Services Group should a deal be struck However, the commercial negotiations and marketing should be led by this 
office 
I thought this had been agreed to already.  We managed to piece up the 
meeting and deliver the "Enron" message, but going forward we need to have 
this resolved.
Cheers, Paul D
The following meeting has been arranged:
Date:  August 4, 2000
Friday
Time:  1:00 pm - 2:30 pm
Location: EB 3314
Topic:  HLP
Attendees: Mark Frevert
Dave Delainey
John Lavorato
Wes Colwell
Tim Detmering
Brian Redmond
If you have any questions/conflicts, please feel to call me.
Thanks,
Kay 3-0643
Jeff, we are thinking about how to finish the mid-market iniative and I need 
to know if you want Breslau.  I would like him in a singular role and 
accountability so I need to plan to incorporate him or not depending on if 
you want him.
Delainey
Kay, please have Jordan forward this in hard copy to your attention.  In 
don't need to be in the e-mail loop.
Thanks
Delainey
Darlene C Forsyth
08/02/2000 03:39 PM
Dave/Kay,  This expense report has already been approved and returned to us Please forward to "Expense Report" for processing.
Thanks,
Darlene
Lydia Reeves
08/02/2000 03:27 PM
Charlie, your call - just a question
Charles Vetters
08/01/2000 06:30 PM
Dave:
Our term sheets tend to be very general until we reach some sort of economic 
deal.  Our group has tended to work this way, but I am willing to add more 
detail as you suggested.
,
Charlie
David W Delainey
08/01/2000 06:07 PM
Charlie, looks pretty general - only comment is what is the Product Purchase 
Agreement entail?
Do we want to go into more detail on the nature of the alliance, the target 
market and the nature of the excusivity (ie) wholesale renewables 
applications, ENA, major state programs - all of it based upon the Conneticut 
job working?
Delainey
Charles Vetters
08/01/2000 05:46 PM
Please review.  I believe this term sheet is in line with our discussions 
earlier today.
please put on schedule
Tracy L Arthur
07/31/2000 11:47 AM
David, I want to enforce this to nth degree given his understanding of our 
industrial offering and that fact he mis-represented his reasons for leaving.
Delainey
David Oxley
08/01/2000 08:19 AM
Seems Jim Derrick got a call last night from Chief Legal Counsel at Reliant 
saying that Jim would be joining them to develop something similar to an EES 
business for them and wanted to discuss our no-compete.
I have told Michele that we will want to apply the full force of the 
no-compete which should keep him out of the market thru Feb 3, 2001.
I'll keep you updated.
David
Edward, you are very welcome and I appreciate all the efforts to ensure the 
transition works and we get the accounting treatment we want on Garden State.
Delainey
Dave,
Congratulations on your appointment to CEO - what's next 
I am working with Bryan and Ray on the transition, everything seems to be 
going along smoothly.  Bryan is comfortable with me moving as soon as EBS has 
physical space for me as long as I am available to him by phone.  I expect to 
move next week.
I am working on a scheme with Wes on marking the swaps on Garden State 
without fair valuing the asset.  Citibank and National Bank of Canada are 
interested, and the trade should improve the economics as a result of trading 
with a strong credit (bank) as opposed to a stand alone operation (Garden 
State).  I should have more feedback by the end of the week.
Thank you for your support on my move to EBS.  I have really enjoyed working 
with you and appreciate what you have done for me.  Working with you, Greg 
and Rodney has really improved my management, finance and structuring skills 
that I expect to apply at EBS.
Call me if there is anything I can ever to do to support you.  I look forward 
to working with you again 
Thanks for being a terrific boss and good friend.
,
Edward
fyi
Joe Kishkill@
11/28/2000 03:26 PM
Dave,
One more name for the "part timers" column on Cuiaba...Federico Cerisoli YPF gas contract negotiations.
Sorry for the oversight.
Kish
Peter E Weidler
11/28/2000 04:42 PM
we forgot the negotiator with YPF  - could be Rick or Fede or Gaby.
Pete
Peter E Weidler
11/27/2000 05:17 PM
Joe - this is the list I asked Laine to put together. - I asked him not to 
list all the folks under Laine - as I assume they stay with the project no 
matter where it goes.
Jose Anson - he is the coordinator of permitting at IBAMA and ANP for the 
pipeline.  He is also involved with working on the FUNAI issues a result of 
his efforts on the IBAMA license.  Key person.
Joao Carlos A. - although he is working on the project on an ad hoc basis he 
is key in terms of the FURNAS/Eletrobras relationship.  Not only does he know 
folks but he also gets things done within the system.
Valeria Lema - She is the relationship manager with ANP.
Daiane Duarte - Daiane Duarte is on the PanEng payroll until the end of the 
year after which she has been dialed out.  Have asked Rick several times 
about her future with his group.  She is critical locally in Cuiaba due to 
relations with FEMA and other agencies for obtaining the state permits that 
are still outstanding as well as working with Anson et al.
Lucio Reis - he is very active in working with ANEEL/ONS/MAE and others.  He 
has been a key to our success on the CCC account.  He is a must to making the 
project successful.  Knows the contacts and basically understands the project 
from the regulatory and CCC account point-of-view.
Two other people that are not involved in "our side" of fence on a daily 
basis but are valuable are Jose Bestard and John Novak.  Jose knows the 
history and John is the counsel with the longest tenure on the project.
Pete
Joe Kishkill
11/27/2000 06:16 AM
Pete,
But you (or does anyone) have a definitive team list for Cuiaba?  Need this 
for transition planning purposes.  I agree with your sentiment that some 
folks may be pulling double duty while we button up Cuiaba.   Just need to 
know "how many" and "who".
Thanks,
Kish
Peter E Weidler
11/26/2000 09:07 PM
we can do this by phone.
Pete
Peter E Weidler
11/26/2000 05:59 PM
Rebecca has asked for a review of the Cuiaba project.   Her current thinking 
is that it should be under one shop - not split responsibility.   Which shop 
is not clear to me - I presume this will be decided pretty soon.
The review will take place the week of Dec 4th.   She wants a straight 
forward  decription of what is left to be done and what the issues are.  I am 
thinking the presenters are Laine, Rick, Jose.  In attendance are Rob and 
John.     Can divide the presentation up into 
getting the construction finished/cost issues/EECC - subcontractor issues Laine 
Furnas/Electrobras issues - Rick 
YPF - gas supply - Mark to market position - opportunities - Rick
MAE/ONS issues - current thinking.  - Jose
Current economics. - Rick
Everyone should have a page prepared ahead of time with the discussion topics 
on it - she doesn't want a detailed presentation - just the facts.   Can we 
send the page per topic around by this friday 
I will ask Rebecca for two hours the week of the 4th and let you know.
Joe - we should talk about where the project should best end up - I think 
Rebecca is flexible -   don't really know what Dave is thinking.
Pete
Shocker!
James D Steffes@EES
08/01/2000 05:12 PM
Dave 
The ISO Board voted to reduce the cap to $250/mwh today.  We are continuing 
to monitor ISO actions to watch for any export restrictions.
Jim
Attached is a report reflecting the status of ENA Manager/Director level 
employees who were rated either Needs Improvement or Issues at the mid-year 
process.
We will update this report on a weekly basis 
Let me know if you have any questions regarding this - X36628.
Attached is a report reflecting the status of ENA Manager/Director level 
employees who were rated either Needs Improvement or Issues at the mid-year 
process.
We will update this report on a weekly basis 
Let me know if you have any questions regarding this - X36628.
Charlie, looks pretty general - only comment is what is the Product Purchase 
Agreement entail?
Do we want to go into more detail on the nature of the alliance, the target 
market and the nature of the excusivity (ie) wholesale renewables 
applications, ENA, major state programs - all of it based upon the Conneticut 
job working?
Delainey
Charles Vetters
08/01/2000 05:46 PM
Please review.  I believe this term sheet is in line with our discussions 
earlier today.
Wes, as per our discussion, I wanted to detail the action items from the 
analysis: 
a) the Office of the Chairman will be increasing the visibility of ROCE and 
cost metrics as a part of the QBR process;
b) the ROCE iniatives include:
- HPL divestment - Donahue/Detmering/Redmond;
- GENCO strategy or possible peaker sales - Donahue/Miller;
- MPR rationalization, Raptor strategy and divestment/clean-up Donahue/Maffitt/Peterson
- LRC optimization, increased performance - Redmond/Mrha;
-Sithe restructuring, elimination of the tracking account - Donahue;
- Powder and Wind River sales - Redmond/Mrha.
c) specific cost reduction iniatives as detailed in your presentation implement with feedback/measurement process to ensure buy in - Wes Colwell;
and d) further analysis on quality of product/service for cost for 
non-commercial and group expenses - Wes Colwell.
Delainey
Due to a scheduling conflict, it has become necessary to cancel the dinner 
meeting scheduled for August 2, 2000 at the River Oaks Grill.  This meeting 
will be re-scheduled at a later date 
If you have any questions or concerns, please feel free to contact either Kay 
(30643) or Beverly (57857). Thanks very much.
Rick, we have re-examined the portfolio as a result of our last meeting and 
have an expected portfolio of $500M (gross) or $408M (net-ENA's share) to be 
placed into Raptor on September 1.  We have a second tranche of $608M (gross) 
or $396M (net ENA's share) to be placed into Raptor 2 on December 1 
Kafus, Ecogas, Brigham, Crown Energy and Merlin CLO Equity Option will not be 
part of either Raptor 1 or Raptor 2.
Please confirm that this is consistent with you view of capacity and timing.
Delainey
Brian, great job - I would really like to get this done for third quarter 
please let me know how I can help.  I have heard that you can request a 
expedited HSR for fairly straight forward deals like this.
Wes, I believe that we don't have any issues recognizing the value from this 
transaction - please confirm.
Delainey
Julie and Jean,
Pursuant to our telephone conversation this morning, this e-mail is intended 
to update the status of project 20/20.
There are 6 major items that need to be completed prior to closing this 
transaction.  The items and the expected completion dates are outlined below:
Closing Item   Expected Completion Date Status
1. Execution of LOU  August 4   Several issues remain to be negotiated.
I do not anticipate any problem in reaching mutual agreement on the 
issues.
Border meets with their audit committee on August 2 and hopes to sign 
August 3.
Will be in the position to review with you and Dave on August 1 or 2.
2. Employment Issues  August 14   Offers of employment/transfer are in the 
process of being designed and prepared. Primary         issues include a) 
identification and handling of ENA end-of-year bonus compensation 
(Shiela         Knudson is coordinating this and I feel this issue is being 
adequately addressed).
b) potential disparity between GPG and ENA incentive compensation 
plans. I am working with Bill         Cordes and Ann Vaughn w/ GPG on 
developing a plan that will address this issue.  Based on the conference call with Bill and Ann this morning, I am optimistic that this 
issue will be properly         addressed.  The plan is to have employment 
issues identified in a letter and presented to          employees on August 
7th.
3. Reserve Consultants  August 11   Kicked off consultants in a meeting in 
Omaha on July 26th. We are providing information and         assisting in the 
process.
4. Due Diligence  August 25   A detailed schedule of all due diligence 
activity is being updated by Northern Border and I will         forward that 
schedule to you once I receive the update.
5. Hart, Scott Rodino  September 8-15   There is a high probability that a 
Hart, Scott, Rodino filing will have to be made upon execution of         the 
LOU. There is a 30 day review period.  This may be the critical path item.
6. Drafting/Negotiating PSA September 8-15   Shonnie Daniel is coordinating 
the drafting of the Purchase and Sale Agreement. It is expected         that 
this agreement will be agreed upon in early to mid September.
One key date you should be aware of is Northern Border is anticipating making 
a press release after the LOU is executed (release date is expected to be 
August 7).  They will be coordinating press release issues with Eric Thode.
I feel confident that this transaction will be closed in September. 
If you have any questions, please let me know. 
Jennifer, you are very welcome and I look forward to continuing to work with 
you - all the best.
Delainey
Please note that the above referenced interviews will take place on EB5029 
instead of EB50M03.  Please let me know if you have any questions.  Thanks, 
SRS
Rebecca, if you wouldn't mind I would like to sit in on the Monday meeting I think that Mariella from what I have seen and heard is very capable.  I 
strongly believe that we need to put a dedicated (with fresh eyes) SWAT team 
on this one that has control of the complete commercial, technical and 
financial aspects of this project.  This is the only way to be effective. 
Whether it is with you or me or both, I am indifferent
I would like to ensure that Kishkill, Wiggs, Gonzales and Alberquerque are 
not buried in this project given other goals and objectives.
Thanks
Delainey
Rebecca McDonald@_DEVELOPMENT
11/29/2000 07:52 AM
Dave,
I am sorry that I was unable to meet with you yesterday on Cuiba.  Jim has 
told me what the two of you decided and it is fine with me.  Below is a note 
that I received this morning from Pete.  The meeting he is referencing is an 
indepth update on the project that I requested a week ago.  You are more than 
welcome to attend if you would like to - just let me know.
I am not sure that Pete is the right guy to work this or not, but I do agree 
that we need to introduce someone else into the process - I am thinking 
either Chris Hunt or Mariella Mahan.  I would be happy to discuss with you 
why I recommend one of those two individuals.
Rebecca
Peter E Weidler@
11/29/2000 06:56 AM
the list below is going to Delainey - it is accurate from my perspective - if 
the project ends up in your shop for completion and fixing up - and if it 
ends up under me - some of these part time guys should become full time and 
some of the full time guys should take a back seat.
I would have the full time dedicated team be 
Jose Bestard (he currently is chief of regulatory for South America) - he 
negotiated the original PPA and has indepth knowledge of how the regulatory 
system does and does not work.
Joao Carlos Alberquerque - top notch Brazilian power expert - has the right 
contacts and relationships and can get us through the maze of Brazilian 
resistance.  Currently he is headed for wholesale merchant.
John Novak - best legal mind - needs to curb the use of outside lawyers a bit 
- has been on the project continuous from day one - and needs to be 
rejuvenated a bit - but has thourough understanding of how bthe entire 
project is wired together.
Rob Gay - Finance 
Laine Powell - is currently President of the oeprating companies - Cuiaba is 
producing 300 mw of power which is being sold and paid for.
Felipe Ospina - modeler - I don't know this guy -  he is relatively new to 
the project and seems satisfactory
Would recommend also a fresh set of eyes on the project - not front line 
negotiator - but someone good at structuring - or work outs - to review 
overall project structure objectively and challange conventional wisdom. 
Other folks on the list below can support the dedicated team - part time.
Would tell these guys - this is your only job - and here is your starting 
point - new deal.  Your job is not just to close financing - it is to get 
Enron's money out or otherwise improve the returns of the project.    You 
will get paid based on this point forward.   It will take at least 9 months 
to implement a solution that improves our returns or gest more than just 
financial close achieved.
This leaves some sticky situations - Rick Lammers has absolutely busted his 
ass getting things done and moving the project forward - he has been lead 
developer - but has had lots of "help" from Bannantine and the entire team Help tended to obscure responsibility and accountability.  I am not sure 
anyone could have gotten this thing done by now - but certainly there were 
some things that could have been done better - in 20/20 hindsight  - and some 
things that can be done better now.  The things that come be done better now 
- I am pushing into Laines's area of responsibility this week.  People need 
to get rededicated and fired back up - I also think it is kind of difficult 
to "take over" the project without making some changes in the way it is being 
run 
For the review on Monday - I have asked the following people to present -
Rick Lammers
Laine Powell
Jose Bestard
Also in attendance will be John Novak, Joe Kishkill, Brett Wiggs, Rob Gay and 
myself.
The guys asked if Jim Bannantine should be present - I said no - let me know 
if you would like him there.
You should see - a brief description of the overall project (not the strategy 
- just how it is wired together- where the money is intended to be be) and 
then straight to a listing of all things that need to get done to "finish" 
the project to the point where we have financial close and a functioning 
supply and PPA.
Joe and I and Rob will be in Houston and the rest of the team will dial in a 
conference call. 
Let me know if the above format is ok.
Pete
Miguel Padron
11/29/2000 04:17 AM
To all, Here is the Cuiaba I Team....Miguel
Richard A Lammers
11/27/2000 04:35 PM
Sent by: Richard A Lammers
Cuiaba 1 team currently consists of:
Rick Lammers -lead developer
john novak- legal 
Rob G Gay- Finance part time
Traci Bersoni- support Finance part time
Stephen Gray- support Finance part time
Felipe Ospina- project analyst
Gabriela Aguilar  -support -gas part time
Emmanuel Rengade- Sudam financing and Equity Sale
Marcus Stephen-Sudam financing and Equity Sale
Joao Carlos Alberquerque- support PPA
Jose Bestard- support PPA and regulatory
Asset management
Laine A Powell-construction management and operations
Christiaan Huizer-Project analyst
Let me know if I can help furtherh
Dawn, right now I am scheduled to be up in Calgary on the 16th of August lets shoot for that date.
Delainey
Dawn Doucet
07/26/2000 05:36 PM
Hi Dave,
Milly's 5 year anniversary is August 1st.  Any trips to Canada planned around 
then?  How do you want to deliver his service award?  He selected the 
pen/pencil set.  Let me know how you want to handle it 
THERE will be a Friday Staff Meeting July 28, 2000.
Date:  Friday July 28, 2000
Time:  2:30 pm - 4:30 pm
Location:  30C1
Topic:    Combined Staff and Budget Meeting
Thanks,
Kay 3-0643
Please note that this is a change from your original scheduling.
Please note that this is a change from your original scheduling
Mark, note the feedback from the AA's, it is imperative that we get a handle 
on this!  Let me know when I can spring our plan on Jeff.
Delainey
Jere C Overdyke
07/26/2000 03:26 PM
Attached is a memo regarding a meeting I had with our associates on July 17, 
2000.  Additionally, I met with Celeste Roberts on July 21 and held another 
meeting with the Associates on same date.
The planned dinners with the associates as well as the proactive approach ENA 
is taking with them is the correct course of action 
Jere
Jere C Overdyke
07/17/2000 02:53 PM
I met with 7 associates and 1 analyst  over lunch to discuss the Analyst and 
Associate Program.  The major concern expressed by everyone in the meeting 
was that the program has become a bureaucracy vs a meritocracy.  According to 
the Associates, the program has become inflexible on any issue and the only 
feedback they receive is "go talk to Skilling if you don't like the 
answers".  Another major concern was compensation.  After listening to the 
comments, my conclusion is that there are some problems that need to be 
addressed.  Specific recommendations by this small group include (1) reduce 
amount of time in program before promotion to manager from 18 months to 12 
months, (2) increase Associates involvement in rotation decisions, (3) 
explanations of why the program is structured in a certain way without 
defensive comments of "go talk to Skilling", (4) generally, more of an open 
market approach so that we are using a "carrot vs stick" method to motivate 
behavior.
Let me know about the next meeting to discuss.
Jere
Sent by: Kay Chapman
As you know the ENA OTC is actively working with the Analyst and Associate 
Program to develop greater talent flow into ENA.  We are presently working on 
a number of initiatives to improve how this is working and significantly 
improve communication flow and responsiveness. However in this regard we also 
need you to help make sure we have clear lines of communication within ENA  
regarding A&A resource levels, performance, rotations and retention efforts.
In this regard we would like for each of you to take the lead  for your 
groups needs and ensure that any requests, questions or concerns about A&A's 
in your area are passed through you to either Ted Bland (ENA Recuitment Team 
Lead - x35275) or Jana Giovannani (ENA liaison from the AA Program - x39233) 
or myself. It is important that we are discerning about what we do with our 
A&A resources and plan carefully and accurately for our future needs, in this 
regard we need for you personally (or a senior member of your team who you 
may optionally delegate this task to) will take the time to review any A&A 
resource requests from your team before passing them onto us.
In addition, given the importance of these resources, we will be inviting you 
to a regular bi-monthly meeting to discuss ENA A&A matters. We will confirm 
the first date in due course. In the meantime if you would like to volunteer 
another senior member of your team to assume this reponsibility please supply 
their name as soon as possible. 
Please call with any questions.
I have just received word from Ted Bland that no one has responded to this 
memo.  Please re-read the following memo and respond to Ted by July 31, 2000.
Thanks in advance for your prompt attention to this matter.
As you know the ENA OTC is actively working with the Analyst and Associate 
Program to develop greater talent flow into ENA.  We are presently working on 
a number of initiatives to improve how this is working and significantly 
improve communication flow and responsiveness. However in this regard we also 
need you to help make sure we have clear lines of communication within ENA  
regarding A&A resource levels, performance, rotations and retention efforts.
In this regard we would like for each of you to take the lead  for your 
groups needs and ensure that any requests, questions or concerns about A&A's 
in your area are passed through you to either Ted Bland (ENA Recuitment Team 
Lead - x35275) or Jana Giovannani (ENA liaison from the AA Program - x39233) 
or myself. It is important that we are discerning about what we do with our 
A&A resources and plan carefully and accurately for our future needs, in this 
regard we need for you personally (or a senior member of your team who you 
may optionally delegate this task to) will take the time to review any A&A 
resource requests from your team before passing them onto us.
In addition, given the importance of these resources, we will be inviting you 
to a regular bi-monthly meeting to discuss ENA A&A matters. We will confirm 
the first date in due course. In the meantime if you would like to volunteer 
another senior member of your team to assume this reponsibility please supply 
their name as soon as possible. 
Please call with any questions.
Kay, make sure Mark knows when you are scheduling these QBR's so that he can 
ensure the package is ready - some of these are coming up next week.
Delainey
Rick, I hope you take the time to speak to Rodney Malcolm or Ray Bowen on how 
your technical and commercial exprience could help move the outsourcing 
product (in all its forms) forward in the industrial market 
Otherwise, your welcome 
Delainey
David -
Thank you for meeting with me yesterday, and discussing the Construction 
Exchange product concept.  I'm glad to hear that the Industrials Group  is 
already pursuing this type of project with their customers.  I look forward 
to their success, and believe this should bring significant value to Enron 
North America.
Thanks again for your time.
Rick
Mike, if you Janet or Dave can cut the deal with Izzo go ahead and speak to 
him.  I don't think there is any practical way to enforce any percieved call 
we have on Izzo so you will have to determine how much Larry really wants the 
trubine or how he could benefit from striking a different deal.
Delainey
Mike J Miller
07/25/2000 06:09 PM
Dave,
In going through the turbine list over the last few days, EE&CC's, Sumas II- 
Goldendale (GE 7FA, Jun '01 delivery) turbine keeps popping up.  ENA could 
trade this turbine to several parties (Tenaska, Indeck) to get a lock on a QF 
restructuring.  Also, Sumas I still has restructruring value that EE&CC did 
not get a lock on in exchange for the EPC/turbine contract. 
As I recall, Larry Izzo promised to replace the GE 7FA turbine with a 
comparable machine with a Q4-2001 delivery date.  While the Goldendale EPC 
contract may executed and there may be nothing to do, there is significant 
value sitting on the table.  If we cannot get the Goldendale 7FA back, then 
can we enforce the replacement provision that was promised (as I remember) as 
part of your original deal with Larry Izzo?  I realize that at this point the 
politics may prevent us from doing anything.  However, I at least want to get 
you thinking about it just in case there was a way to get a turbine to trade 
for larger value than an EPC contract for EE&CC.
,
Mike J. Miller 
Jim, I would forward to Chris Calger, Janet Dietrich and Jean Mrha.
Thanks
Delainey
James D Steffes@EES
07/25/2000 06:42 PM
Dave 
Chris McGill  of AGA  called Margaret Carson and asked her  to speak to the 
gas distribution members of the  AGA  at their monthly meeting on  September  
19th.    If you don't know her, Margaret works under me and provides research 
for Govt Affairs and business units throughout Enron.
The  topic of the presentation is What  current  prices for natural gas mean for gas distributors and their 
strategies for asset management Who, if anyone, would you like us to pass this along to?   Give me a call if 
you need more information.
Thanks,
Jim
FYI
Raymond Bowen
11/30/2000 12:18 PM
Dorie,
I share Dave's skepticism.
Ray Bowen
David W Delainey
11/30/2000 11:26 AM
Dorie, I have to question the effectiveness of this program.  Over the years, 
it appears that more spots are being filled by Enron people then customers. 
The effectiveness of this forum from a customer point of view is 
questionable.  I vote to kill it.
Please forgive the approach - but I would like to provoke a discussion with 
my partners.
Delainey
Winter is just around the corner and the new ski season will be opening 
soon.  Please review the proposed information below, regarding the 
ENA/EGM/EIM Customer Ski Program, to help us determine what our needs will be 
for the 2001 season.
Location:  Beaver Creek, Colorado
Preliminary Dates:  February 21 - March 14, 2001
Approximate Cost Per Person:  $2,600 (based on 82 participants)
The preliminary dates have been divided into 6 trips:
TRIP	DATES	TOTAL # OF BEDS
Trip 1	Wed, February 21 - Sat, February 24	11
Trip 2	Sun, February 25 - Wed, February 28	17
Trip 3	Wed, February 28 - Sat, March 3	13
Trip 4	Sun, March 4 - Wed, March 7	13
Trip 5	Wed, March 7 - Sat, March 10	13
Trip 6	Sun, March 11 - Wed, March 14	15
The program cost per person includes:
? Four days/three nights accommodations in luxurious private homes in the 
premier Holden Road/Borders Road area of Beaver  Creek with daily maid service
? Animated invitation with on-line registration
? Round-trip airport ground transportation
? Experienced property hosts
? Daily lift tickets and ski instruction
? Ski equipment rental
? Catered dinner two nights
? Catered breakfast daily
? Off-site dinner coordination
? Alternate activity coordination
? Private vans at each house
? One massage with experienced in-house massage therapists
? Enron promotional gift item
? Pre-program administration and coordination
? On-site operation
If you are interested in participating in the 2001 ski program, please submit 
an email  request to me no later than Friday, December 8th, including the 
following information:
Name
Company
Department
Telephone
Fax
Number of People
Choice of Dates (1st, 2nd & 3rd)
Company #
RC #
The week of December 11th, all requests will be compiled for review and final 
approval.
Questions should be directed to my attention at (713) 853-6978 
Laura, I spoke to Tom about his retail proposals, I told him that you would 
coordinate a meeting between Mark Muller/Lou Pai and himself.  I only want 
Lou going up if Tom is involved.  However, Mark Muller is up to go and I have 
spoken to him with regard to the opportunity today.  He is expecting your 
call.
On a related note, I volunteered Wes Colwell (our controller and former 
Anderson person) to speak to Peoples accounting/ risk people and Anderson 
auditors on how to manage the issues surrounding marking the hub values 
inside Peoples.  I would appreciate you coordinating that meeting.  If Wes 
goes to Chicago, we want to ensure Leubbers, the Anderson folks and the 
appropriate Peoples accounting folks are available so Wes can spend the least 
amount of time on this issue.
Jeff, where are we on the PECO/PSEG retail play that you spoke to Mark Muller 
about a couple weeks back?
Mark, I forgot to mention that FPL is interested in potentially investing in 
the New Power Company - Tony Altman (President of FPL wholesale) would like 
to discuss.  If interested please call him at 561-625-7777.  If you don't 
think you will have any interest let me know and I will call him to let him 
know.  I probably need to get back to him either way shortly. Thanks.
Delainey
Coal & Emissions QBR
I am trying to pull together a QBR for Dave and Mark Frevert.  Would Tuesday 
August 29th from 1:00 pm to 4:00 pm. work for everyone?
Thanks,
Kay 3-0643
Sent by: Beverly Stephens@
There will be a meeting on Wednesday, August 2, 2000 from 9:00 am until 10:00 
am in Conference Room EB3321.  We will be discussing the Triple Lutz and 
Trantula Projects.  I will look forward to seeing you there.
Thanks
Please mark your calendars for the following meeting:
DATE:    AUGUST 2, 2000
TIME:     9:00am - 10:00 am
PLACE:    EB3321
DISCUSSION TOPICS:  PROJECT TRIPLE LUTZ
PROJECT TRANTULA
I will look forward to seeing you there.
Thanks. 
Eric, Jim Ajello in the industrial group is the best person.
Delainey
Eric Gadd
07/21/2000 04:32 PM
Dave- please see TJ's attached note and advise who he should contact inside 
Enron for assistance on the energy and asset development side.
(See attached file: Bonnell-memo.doc)
TJ Pimpinelli
MG London Inc.
520 Madison Avenue
28th Floor
New York, NY 10022
Tel: 212.715.5867
Fax: 212.715.2360
E-mail: tj.pimpinelli@mglondon.com
- Bonnell-memo.doc
Please follow up if appropriate.
Delainey
Eric Gadd
07/21/2000 04:32 PM
Dave- please see TJ's attached note and advise who he should contact inside 
Enron for assistance on the energy and asset development side.
(See attached file: Bonnell-memo.doc)
TJ Pimpinelli
MG London Inc.
520 Madison Avenue
28th Floor
New York, NY 10022
Tel: 212.715.5867
Fax: 212.715.2360
E-mail: tj.pimpinelli@mglondon.com
- Bonnell-memo.doc
FYI
Jeffrey Sherrick@
07/21/2000 04:37 PM
Dave, Move on and I hope we don't pay more than Book when this is liquidated 
from the JEDI fund this fall.  Let me know when the asset is sold to a third 
party for a value greater than book 
jeff
David W Delainey@ECT
07/19/2000 09:34 PM
Jeff, my team believes that there should be a premium to book in the range we 
quoted to you; however, I appreciate your interest.  I would agree that we 
have spent enough time on this and it is time to move on 
Delainey
Jeffrey Sherrick@
07/19/2000 02:03 PM
Dave,  I met with my team today and based on the data and information 
supplied by Steve, it is doubtful that the assets and on-going organization 
would command a current market value equivalent to book.  I am still willing 
to move the assets onto our balance sheet at book for the benefit of Enron, 
although if this was a third party bid, I would be surprised if we could pay 
this price.  Furthermore, due to your desire to maintain this discussion 
among the Houston teams only, I am assuming the PDP reserves are solid, no 
major enviornmental issues exit, legal problems are minimal and contracts are 
standard.  Let me know what you want to do. I think we have all spent enough 
time on this effort. 
On a side issue, are you aware that this is a JEDI I property?  My 
understanding is that Jedi I owns 100% of C-GAS and the Jedi I fund WILL be 
liquidated before the end of the year.  At what price will your unit pay to 
liquidate the fund 
jeff 
David W Delainey@ECT
07/13/2000 08:12 PM
Steve, please call Jeff and go through in detail how we got to our valuation 
of approximately $39 M.  Please ensure that this is a reasonable facsimile of 
value that ENA would accreate over the short to medium term assuming your 
continued management.
Let me know where you end up.
Delainey
I think we have the wrong date and time on this one - the Upstream QBR is 
August 28th for an afternoon.
Delainey
Venita Coleman@
07/20/2000 05:23 PM
A meeting has been scheduled for Friday, July 28, 2000.
Date:          July 28, 2000, Friday
Time:           9:30 am - 10:00 am 
Location:    EB 3314 (Dave Delainey's office)
Topic:          Quarterly Business Review Meeting 
Thanks,
Venita
Jordan,
I assume the memo I asked for is in hard copy on my desk.
Thanks
Delainey
Jordan Mintz
07/19/2000 12:46 PM
Dave: A supplement to our memo to you regarding the Synfuel transaction 
Jordan
Kevin Liss@
07/19/2000 12:42 PM
Our memorandum of today's date on the DQE facilities estimates a 65% to 70% 
likelihood of the facilities qualifying for section 29 tax credits, based on 
projected volumes of 225 tons per hour.
As we discussed a week ago, if we operate the facilities at a volume of 118 
per hour, (i.e., half-capacity), we believe we would alleviate the tax risk 
associated with the increase in capacity.  The question is, does that 
improvement in the odds with respect to that one issue improve the 
bottom-line odds on qualification at least with respect to the base volume of 
118 per hour from the 65% to 70% estimate that we specified in our memorandum?
We think it does, but we are not sure that there will be a material 
improvement.  We have passed that question on to our outside tax counsel, and 
will let you know his view 
As we noted last week, there are several legal issues for which, while we 
think we have the better argument, there is no definitive legal precedent Even pulling the capacity issue out of the equation --which is what we would 
be doing if we are only considering the 118 tons -- there are still several 
other balls in the air, and we would have to catch each and every one in 
order to have a tax-creditworthy facility.  When you look at each issue, 
separately, it seems possible to get comfortable as to each one, but when you 
consider that there are several such issues, and that we have to be "right" 
each and every time, you have to lower your overall odds.  Statistically 
speaking, if you are 80% comfortable as to each of 5 separate issues, then 
you would expect to hit on 4 out of 5, not on 5 out of 5, but we can't lose 
on any one issue and still qualify for credits. 
Obtaining a private letter ruling from the IRS as to these issues, which is 
our ultimate goal, would take these issues out of the air, so to speak, but 
that's not going to happen pre-close, and no matter what assurances we might 
get at a pre-ruling conference with the IRS, unless and until you actually 
get the ruling, there is an element of risk that you have to assume.  For 
that reason, the 90% probability number that I threw out at last week's 
meeting in response to a question about what our comfort level would be if we 
had a private letter ruling is really a red herring, because at decision 
time, there's not going to be a ruling in hand 
As noted above, I will let you know what Bruce Lemons' view is, since he is 
the one who will be called upon to give an opinion. Hopefully, that will be 
later today.
Kevin Liss
x58601
Guys, lets set up a meeting between the three of us on Monday ASAP to 
discuss.  I have a few ideas and I probably need to go have dinner with Lew 
to get him comfortable.  This may be setting up to be a larger asset 
management transaction.  Don can you try and find a time next week with Lew 
for me to have dinner - get Beverly to schedule the plane to get me in and 
out that day.  If not next week then early the following.  I think it will 
take a one on one with Lew to get this one centered.
At our meeting, I would also like a status update on the other iniatives eg) 
Ameren, DPL, Cinergy, etc.
The accounting issues on the generation projects need to be addressed as well.
Delainey
Don Miller
07/20/2000 11:01 AM
Dave,
As I mentioned in my voicemail last night, I spoke with Randy and Aldo.  The 
tone was positive, and they said Goldman was very bullish on the whole 
story.  All these guys acknowledge that without our Trading stamp on NewCo, 
NewCo will not be a world class Genco.  With that said, it is apparent that 
Lew is telling these guys to go back and get more EXACT detail on what 
exactly Enron is willing to do in terms of people (both Trading and Risk 
Management). I would have to believe that a conversation between you and Lew 
would go a long way in making him comfortable that we are truly committed to 
NewCo, particularly with $400-$500 million of equity tied up in this entity Apparently we have to arm Lew with everything that he needs to go to 
Broadhead to argue why NewCo makes sense and why they need Enron in this 
entity.  I have tried to convince these guys that while Trading is people, it 
is also philosophy, style and approach.  Given that we have said that we 
would nominate the Head Trader, I have tried to convey that we might be 
looking to utilize a lot of FPLE T&M people, but immerse them in our 
philosophy.  They are not comfortable with this, and have informed me that 
coming back with the answer that we will only put one Enron person in Trading 
is probably not the right answer.  Given the dynamic nature of Enron and 
Trading in general,  making a huge commitment of people I would imagine will 
be tough.
We talked through many other aspects including whether they think that they 
can do an IPO without us; the fact that having our involvement clearly 
increases the value of NewCo (raises an interesting question about how we get 
adequately compensated for this);  tight labor market in general and the fact 
that we don't have unlimited human resources here at Enron; and that in the 
early years, NewCo has very little merchant generation, and that all of it is 
FPLE 's (implies fewer people needed, and that we should be able to utilize 
FPLE Traders).  We also discussed the rumor about FPL's interest in Aquilla.
Sorry to bog down your vacation with this.  If you want to talk today, I will 
be around.
Thanks,
Don 
713-853-0492 (ph)
713-412-8967 (cell)
Dorie, I have to question the effectiveness of this program.  Over the years, 
it appears that more spots are being filled by Enron people then customers. 
The effectiveness of this forum from a customer point of view is 
questionable.  I vote to kill it.
Please forgive the approach - but I would like to provoke a discussion with 
my partners.
Delainey
Winter is just around the corner and the new ski season will be opening 
soon.  Please review the proposed information below, regarding the 
ENA/EGM/EIM Customer Ski Program, to help us determine what our needs will be 
for the 2001 season.
Location:  Beaver Creek, Colorado
Preliminary Dates:  February 21 - March 14, 2001
Approximate Cost Per Person:  $2,600 (based on 82 participants)
The preliminary dates have been divided into 6 trips:
TRIP	DATES	TOTAL # OF BEDS
Trip 1	Wed, February 21 - Sat, February 24	11
Trip 2	Sun, February 25 - Wed, February 28	17
Trip 3	Wed, February 28 - Sat, March 3	13
Trip 4	Sun, March 4 - Wed, March 7	13
Trip 5	Wed, March 7 - Sat, March 10	13
Trip 6	Sun, March 11 - Wed, March 14	15
The program cost per person includes:
? Four days/three nights accommodations in luxurious private homes in the 
premier Holden Road/Borders Road area of Beaver  Creek with daily maid service
? Animated invitation with on-line registration
? Round-trip airport ground transportation
? Experienced property hosts
? Daily lift tickets and ski instruction
? Ski equipment rental
? Catered dinner two nights
? Catered breakfast daily
? Off-site dinner coordination
? Alternate activity coordination
? Private vans at each house
? One massage with experienced in-house massage therapists
? Enron promotional gift item
? Pre-program administration and coordination
? On-site operation
If you are interested in participating in the 2001 ski program, please submit 
an email  request to me no later than Friday, December 8th, including the 
following information:
Name
Company
Department
Telephone
Fax
Number of People
Choice of Dates (1st, 2nd & 3rd)
Company #
RC #
The week of December 11th, all requests will be compiled for review and final 
approval.
Questions should be directed to my attention at (713) 853-6978 
I believe this e-mail was intended for Susan Scott of ENA.  (I am with ET&S 
Legal 
Sent by: Beverly Stephens
Please plan to attend a  reception and dinner for those Analysts and 
Associates due to rotate in the near future who have made significant 
See you on Wednesday 
Mark, Dave and John
Wes, please have the detailed HPL numbers available to discuss on Monday.
Delainey
Brian Redmond
07/19/2000 03:02 PM
Team:
I have scheduled a meeting for 2 August to review our Triple Lutz and 
Tarantula deliverables.  A preliminary summary of our current status is as 
follows:
1.  Entex Contract - (John L.)
-  T. Martin cost to unwind Texas desk P/L (incl. Entex) = $134.881MM
- J. Schwieger cost to unwind storage book = $28MM 
2.  Storage Value Algorithm - (Jean M., John L., Jim S.)
- J. Mrha discussions with J. Schwieger and J. Lavo continuing
- Working on reconciling EOY balancing and modeling physical storage 
constraints
3.  Storage Acquisition Targets - (Jean M., Julie G.)
- Target list prepared, preparing facility costs analysis.
4.  Bammel Header - (Jean M.)
- Analyzing Northern Texas and Beaumont Markets
5.  Project Torque: (Wes C., J. Coffey)
-  P/L established based on physical gas flow from POPS system and $ flows
from general ledger.  No direct tie to UNIFY settlements information 
but now numbers are reconcilable
-  1999 Margin Summary
Gross Margin = $111MM (not including financial trading   Net Margin = $101MM
EBITDA (HPL standalone before G&A) = $48MM
EBITDA (HPL standalone) = $35MM 
-  Book Value Summary
Non-Houston BV of  $398MM (incl. $129MM monetizations)
Houston BV (incl. FV) = $2.3 bn  + Texas & Storage P/L unwind of $163MM
requires a lease payment for Houston assets 
of $19MM over 30 yrs
Pad gas BV = $153MM  (on basis of $2.34/mmBtu) not included in above
Working gas BV = $116MM (on basis of $2.34/mmBtu) not included in above
6.  HPL Acquisition (T. Detmerming):
-  Base Case Structure:  sale of non-Fair Value assets, 30 yr. lease of FV 
assets
Both bidders want ENA to provide/contribute trading and business operations
services.
-  Duke Field Services:  interested in base case structure, wants ENA to 
provide 
trading services on a contract basis under a JV arrangement (Bridgeline)
-  AEP:  interested in base case structure, wants ENA to sell trading desk 
(and 
potentially provide business operation services under a service 
arrangement) 
-  Info memo being prepared to be delivered in August, data room being 
formed.
David W Delainey
07/05/2000 12:33 PM
Guys, as a follow up to our meeting today, I thought I would put together a 
list of deliverables agreed to in the meeting.  The goal would be to have a 
definitive strategy for HPL and storage assets by the end of July that could 
be acted upon.
a) Elimination of the Entex contract - current value - John L.;
b) Storage value algorithm incorporating spread values, increasing intra-day 
and monthly volatility and blowdown values - Jean M, John L, Jim S.;
c) Storage acquisition targets and issues surrounding value/execution - top 
5 to 10 for blowdown and tarantula strategy - Jean M, Julie G.;
d) Structure, value, cost and issues surrounding Bammel "header" - Jean M.;
e) Project Torque - definitive balance sheet, income statement and 
contribution margin statement for HPL - Wes C.;
f) Establish viability of selling HPL assets - small private placement working with Lehman to finalize value, exection risk, timing, structure et al 
- Patrick   W.
I would like this group to get back together in the fourth week of July to 
determine a final action plan.
Delainey
Susan M Lewis@
07/19/2000 01:58 PM
David, your message was probably intended for Susan R. Lewis (who I believe 
has left the company).  Just an FYI for you to take her off your distribution 
list (and me too 
Susan M. Lewis
39712
Sent by: Beverly Stephens
Please plan to attend a  reception and dinner for those Analysts and 
Associates due to rotate in the near future who have made significant 
Mark, Dave and John
Jeff, my team believes that there should be a premium to book in the range we 
quoted to you; however, I appreciate your interest.  I would agree that we 
have spent enough time on this and it is time to move on 
Delainey
Jeffrey Sherrick@
07/19/2000 02:03 PM
Dave,  I met with my team today and based on the data and information 
supplied by Steve, it is doubtful that the assets and on-going organization 
would command a current market value equivalent to book.  I am still willing 
to move the assets onto our balance sheet at book for the benefit of Enron, 
although if this was a third party bid, I would be surprised if we could pay 
this price.  Furthermore, due to your desire to maintain this discussion 
among the Houston teams only, I am assuming the PDP reserves are solid, no 
major enviornmental issues exit, legal problems are minimal and contracts are 
standard.  Let me know what you want to do. I think we have all spent enough 
time on this effort. 
On a side issue, are you aware that this is a JEDI I property?  My 
understanding is that Jedi I owns 100% of C-GAS and the Jedi I fund WILL be 
liquidated before the end of the year.  At what price will your unit pay to 
liquidate the fund 
jeff 
David W Delainey@ECT
07/13/2000 08:12 PM
Steve, please call Jeff and go through in detail how we got to our valuation 
of approximately $39 M.  Please ensure that this is a reasonable facsimile of 
value that ENA would accreate over the short to medium term assuming your 
continued management.
Let me know where you end up.
Delainey
Unless asked just bring your smile.
Delainey
W David Duran
07/19/2000 03:41 PM
Dave, do you want me to prepare something for this?
I'm already perfect 
David Oxley
07/19/2000 05:20 PM
Dave,
Since you're on the list do you need we to get something scheduled with Kay?
David
Tim O'Rourke@
07/18/2000 05:05 PM
Folks,
Attached is a list of 37 executives, not yet enrolled on the "exective impact 
and influence" programme administered by Dick Amabile.
The OTC clearly set the goal at the beginning of the year, and repeated again 
at Mid year, that all VPs and MDs need to have attended this programme by end 
of year 2000. Their attendance does form part of the discussions on the VPs 
and MDs at the executive PRC.
Despite repeated comms from the OTC, these 37 names have not yet enrolled (or 
cancelled off a programme and have not re-enrolled 
HR has committed to making sure that these people are enrolled, so the 
suggestion is that the named HR rep in the attachment takes 5 minutes to meet 
with the individuals, explain that they need to do this, show them the list 
of dates, and get them to choose which programme they want to enrol on. 
Please do not leave that meeting without a date! A word of caution, it is 
remotely possible that some of these individuals may have enrolled in the 
very recent past, or have attended and this data not yet reached Dick's 
spreadsheet, so do double check that they haven't yet enrolled before 
twisting their arms..
The dates for the remaining programmes are also on the spreadsheet.
To enrol a VP or MD,  get their dates, give it to their assistants and tell 
them to directly contact Debbie Nowak on 33304.
Tim
There will be a meeting on Wednesday, August 2, 2000 from 9:00 am until 10:00 
am in Conference Room EB3321.  We will be discussing the Triple Lutz and 
Trantula Projects.  I will look forward to seeing you there.
Thanks
Please mark your calendars for the following meeting:
DATE:    AUGUST 2, 2000
TIME:     9:00am - 10:00 am
PLACE:    EB3321
DISCUSSION TOPICS:  PROJECT TRIPLE LUTZ
PROJECT TRANTULA
I will look forward to seeing you there.
Thanks. 
Please plan to attend a  reception and dinner for those Analysts and 
Associates due to rotate in the near future who have made significant 
Mark, Dave and John
Please plan to attend a  reception and dinner for those Analysts and 
Associates due to rotate in the near future who have made significant 
See you on Wednesday 
Mark, Dave and John
James D Steffes@EES
07/19/2000 08:48 AM
Dave 
Update on activity related to California price caps.  Key issue is that we 
continue to believe a new vote will take place on Aug 1.  We continue to try 
and find additional "no" votes.
Thanks,
Jim
Jeff Dasovich on 07/18/2000 08:06:39 PM
Enron will take the initiative and help IEP jump-start the PR effort by the 
end of the week.  I spoke with Smutney this evening.  He likes the idea of 
Enron taking the lead with McNally/Temple.  I've emailed him the one-pager we 
worked up today.--Palmer, Steffes, Dasovich,Parquet
The urgency for a solution is growing and a vaccuum has formed, with many 
trying to fill the void.  The Cal. Manufacturers Ass. has called a meeting 
with IEP and the utilities.  Dave Parquet and Doug Condon will attend.
I spoke with the VP of Strategic Planning at the ISO today who said there is 
a "98% chance" that price caps will be on the agenda at the August ISO Board 
meeting.
Dave Parquet continues to check with SDG&E to determine when SDG&E plans to 
make an announcement about what it intends to do with the offers it received 
last week.
Dave Parquet is working with Andy Kellerman and J. Steffes to try and get the 
investment community energized on this issue.
The issue is now apparently affecting California legislative races.  Staffers 
are drafting a bill that an "at risk" Democrat Senator from San Diego will 
carry, with the hope of using the bill to get the bump necessary to win the 
election.  Mona will meet with the staffer on Thursday to find out what he 
has in mind for the bill and to communicate our views.
Dasovich will meet with Commissioner Bilas Wednesday to see if the Republican 
block of the California PUC is hanging tough.
That's it from our end.
Best,
Jeff
Jim, I really don't see a need for this meeting - you can count on us not 
dropping the ball.  I have a good understanding of the retail product 
offering, in fact, we lead the outsourcing sales process for the large 
industrial customers in NA until EES bought back their minority 
shareholders.  I have a very good relationship with Dan Leff and Sunde.  I 
already have Dan's committment to help service the execution of the business 
initially.  As it grows and the product proves itself out we can staff.
Delainey
James M Bannantine@_DEVELOPMENT
11/30/2000 10:33 AM
My assistant will be putting together a meeting/conference call for next 
WEdnesday on how to move forward with retail in South America given the plan 
to have retail report through the wholesale group in South America for 2001 Key points for discussion will be:
-brief overview of the state of the retail business in South America
-brief overview of the current retail organization and how it would report 
through wholesale
-discussion of how we  move from where we are currently (good value 
proposition, customer's signed up, organization to implement)  to make the 
retail business a success:
-by having an interface with EES for best practices, systems, etc  -under wholesale budget and organization for simplicity and cost sake
Wednesday is Mark's first day back in the office from Europe, Dan will be in 
Europe, Orlando will be in Brazil, others I believe in Houston, so we will 
try to accomodate everyone's schedules or at least get a quorum of those 
involved present on the call/meeting. 
Don, go ahead and set it up - what have been discussing with them on the gas 
side?
Did CSFB tell them about the $400 Kw capital cost plus the three year 
transistion agreement for $4.00 kw/m?
Tell Beverly or Kay to make time for next week if Mr Forster can make it.
Delainey
Don Miller
07/18/2000 07:26 PM
Dave,
CSFB spoke with DPL today.  Pete Forster (chairman) said he wants to meet 
with you to discuss peakers and other opportunities on the trading and 
marketing side.  Besides 3200 MWs of Ohio regulated assets, DPL has a peaking 
strategy in ECAR and today has 400-500 MWs in development (interesting to 
have peaking strategy with no T&M).  They would like to look at our peakers 
to supplement strategy.  Forster didn't flinch when they said $400 kW is the 
ballpark number.  More interestingly, Forster went into his desire to talk 
with you about other ideas relating to T&M 
Forster suggested 27th or 28th of July for the meeting.  You are more open on 
the 28th.  It appears Forster may be open to coming down here.  He wants CSFB 
and us to co-ordinate meeting schedule.  CSFB is DPL's main advisor, and the 
guys that negotiated the KKR deal a while back.
Apparently we are talking with these guys on the gas side.
,
Don 
looks fine to me
delainey
Janet, its your book - if you feel we have the LM's licked and we need the 
resources/the value at risk is minimal, I would go ahead.
I would get Calger on side as well.
Delainey
Janet R Dietrich
07/18/2000 09:02 AM
Dave, have you had a chance to give this much thought? 
Janet R Dietrich
07/14/2000 08:46 AM
As a matter of fact, this is on my list to discuss with you. I think we 
should pick up the 7EA's and maybe the 501D's as well (doubt we could pick 
and choose). I met with Mark Frevert yesterday afternoon to discuss the East 
Generation Strategy (along with Ben Jacoby and Don Miller) and he wanted me 
to talk with Larry Izzo about us taking all 4 turbines. Should I go ahead and 
have that discussion or would you like to discuss this in more detail first? 
The LM6000 position looks like this:
24 turbines allocated:
4 City of Austin
4 Enron South America
4 Las Vegas Cogen
6 Public Service of Colorado
6 Florida Merchant plant
Heather Kroll and Ozzie Pagan are bringing their VEPCO/North Carolina deal to 
a point where we will probably need to make a decision in the next 2-3 weeks. 
It has a 4-year PPA and we are basically obligated to build a power plant to 
back-fill the position. The PPA will be able to be served from the market or 
plant, and we would need to use 4 of the 6 dual-fuel LM's currently allocated 
to Florida. There is a possibility we could go back to the 501D's but we'll 
have to see. The ecomomics of the deal leave Enron with about a 40-45% 
residual value on the plant at the end of 4 years, and Bruce Sukaly is in the 
process of showing this entire project to 4 counterparties in order to 
monetize the entire position.
We still have 2-3 other customers looking at the LM's although they are 
moving fairly slow.
I'd like to discuss our development strategy in a little more detail with you 
when you return but here are the highlights: Ben and his team will be looking 
to increase the sites we have under our control in several regions: PJM, 
ECAR, Georgia, and Florida to name a few. I think we may want to consider 
some configurations that include combined-cycle options that have a 5-year 
term (vs. our standard 2-year currently), primarily in Florida and maybe 
Georgia. Ben is putting this on paper along with the incremental resource 
needs and incremental developmental dollars needed. I think we should talk 
about increasing our site bank/development portfolio in Canada as well 
Let me know your thoughts! Thanks. 
Good job Rodney - keep me up to speed and let me know where I can help.
Delainey
I believe you would be the grief master on this subject at least in terms of 
"you better start delivering on this stuff".  By the way the pitch to 
Colonial pipeline went okay yesterday.  Good news - Bill Scott CEO said we 
were the only company that could deliver exactly what he asked for.  Bad news 
is that he thought it should be 25% lower.  I believe his reaction is simply 
a gut reaction from a former trader and we are following up with information 
to get him better educated as to why this is a good deal for him.  We have 
$20 - $30mm in the deal and this creates roughly $70mm of value or savings 
(depending on your assumptions) for Colonial.  I believe we can get to a 
trade with them.  I'll keep you updated.
Thanks,
Rodney
David W Delainey
07/17/2000 11:19 PM
Rodney, interesting title- is someone giving you grief on this strategy?
Delainey
This week we will begin discussions on structure and pricing with GE 
Plastics.  At the risk of getting committed to earnings delivery I thought it 
would be helpful to give a range of value to us & GE at least before the 
economics start to deteriorate in negotiations.  Currently the proposal would 
require GE to step up to ten year fixed price positions that would create the 
following split up of economics:
Savings to GE $33MM PV
Value to Enron $15MM with $10MM of this value in bookable mark to market
$40 MM in capital invested in the Demand Side Management Projects.
I think that this suggests there should be value in our outsourcing efforts.
Thanks,
Rodney
Don, couple of points:
a) would take a page to describe the Bridgeline structure (ie) we have done 
this before;
b) haven't we done more that 150,000 transactions?
c) we are getting paid a fee for providing the back-office services?
Let me see what you come up with after discussing with Presto et al.
Delainey
Benjamin Rogers
07/18/2000 10:58 AM
Dave:
Here is the most recent backoffice presentation.
Ben
Rodney, interesting title- is someone giving you grief on this strategy?
Delainey
This week we will begin discussions on structure and pricing with GE 
Plastics.  At the risk of getting committed to earnings delivery I thought it 
would be helpful to give a range of value to us & GE at least before the 
economics start to deteriorate in negotiations.  Currently the proposal would 
require GE to step up to ten year fixed price positions that would create the 
following split up of economics:
Savings to GE $33MM PV
Value to Enron $15MM with $10MM of this value in bookable mark to market
$40 MM in capital invested in the Demand Side Management Projects.
I think that this suggests there should be value in our outsourcing efforts.
Thanks,
Rodney
Rob, please follow up with Dorie she will handle the process for you.
Delainey
Rob Milnthorp
07/17/2000 03:38 PM
Dave, I am seeking your approval to take my group on an offsite to Las Vegas 
sometime in late 3rd/early 4th quarter. Cost is approx Cdn $1000/person for 
flight and accomodation (thursday - sunday). As you know, we have done this 
for a number of years but I'm not sure what approvals were obtained in the 
past as it was either your group or Lavorato's group at the time. This would 
involve Origination only as Trading is doing an offsite in conjunction with 
the rest of Shankman's group. It should be noted also that we decided not to 
attend the Masters this year as we didnt think it generated enough business 
following last years trip -  this cut our expenses substantially. Please let 
me know your thoughts on this. 
Milnthorp
Whats's up with these machines - are we paying for past good luck 
Delainey
Losing this 175 MW unit will cost us approx. $2.0 million in lost margin 
(higher if the South blows out).
Verified that one blade broke off from the 7th stage of blades in the 
compressor.  The shrapnel caused unreparable damage to 3 additional blades From the pictures, it appears that one of the damaged blades was close to 
breaking off, and likely would have caused much more significant damage to 
the compressor AND turbine.
We've begun the process of removing the damaged blades.  Westinghouse has the 
repair lead, and so far, is giving it the right level of attention.  My plant 
manager's driving the effort on the ground, but I have a compressor engineer 
that will be at the site tomorrow to serve as my eyes and ears so Pete can 
concentrate on keeping the other two units running.
Barring as-yet undiscovered damage (doubtful), my best guess is that we lose 
next week, but get the unit back for the week of 24 July.  This hinges on 
Westinghouse securing four replacement blades which they are scrambling to 
do.  All costs should fall on Westinghouse warranty.
I'm collecting the information we might need in order to file a business 
process interruption insurance claim, but based on my best-guess schedule, I 
don't expect to file the claim.
Mitch
Jeff, I am not aware of any questions.
Delainey
As you know the ENA OTC is actively working with the Analyst and Associate 
Program to develop greater talent flow into ENA.  We are presently working on 
a number of initiatives to improve how this is working and significantly 
improve communication flow and responsiveness. However in this regard we also 
need you to help make sure we have clear lines of communication within ENA  
regarding A&A resource levels, performance, rotations and retention efforts.
In this regard we would like for each of you to take the lead  for your 
groups needs and ensure that any requests, questions or concerns about A&A's 
in your area are passed through you to either Ted Bland (ENA Recuitment Team 
Lead - x35275) or Jana Giovannani (ENA liaison from the AA Program - x39233) 
or myself. It is important that we are discerning about what we do with our 
A&A resources and plan carefully and accurately for our future needs, in this 
regard we need for you personally (or a senior member of your team who you 
may optionally delegate this task to) will take the time to review any A&A 
resource requests from your team before passing them onto us.
In addition, given the importance of these resources, we will be inviting you 
to a regular bi-monthly meeting to discuss ENA A&A matters. We will confirm 
the first date in due course. In the meantime if you would like to volunteer 
another senior member of your team to assume this reponsibility please supply 
their name as soon as possible. 
Please call with any questions.
Please plan to attend a meeting Friday, December 1, 2000 at 7:00 am in 
Conference Room 3321.
Date:  Friday
December 1, 2000
Time:  7:00 am
Location: Conf Room 3321
Topic:  Review of Tex-Mex Deal for Board Approval
If you will be travelling and need to call in, please let me and I will set 
up a dial-in number.
Feel free to call me with any questions.
Thanks,
Kay 3-0643
Thank you for your prompt responses, the following QBR HPL/LRC/Upstream 
Origination date has been confirmed:
Date:  August 28, 2000
Monday
Time:  1:00 pm - 5:00 pm
Location: 3321
Topic:  QBR HPL/LRC/Upstream Origination
If you have any questions/conflicts, please feel free to call me.
Thanks,
Kay  3-0643
Wes, we have the following dates set up:
a) East Midstream and QF Restructuring - Aug 15;
b) Industrials - Aug 14;
c) Canada Origination - Aug 16;
d) West Midstream - Aug 17;
e) HPL, LRC and Upstream Origination - Aug 28.
We are setting up the remainder as we speak.  I have some final comments on 
the packages you gave me; however, the color printing will not fax so we need 
to find time to discuss.
Please fax the Friday "package" and the final Q2 numbers.
Delainey
David, I wouldn't do the Brown Bag (too often- too hard to keep doing); I 
wouldn't do the Social Gathering (too country clubish); I like the Monthly 
Dinner/Cocktail Hour/Ballgame, etc with the OTC and parts of the management  
team as a forum to identify talent, give A&A's exposure to the management 
team and to "sell" ENA. I would suggest that we make it every two months 
rather than monthly. However, I would have the first one very quickly for the 
top rated A&A in ENA that are due to rotate soon in order to try and pitch 
them on staying in ENA - maybe dinner and ballgame. 
For the resource management and coaching part of the program, lets wait until 
we see where we end up on any possible changes to the program first.  I 
assume that you are working on a couple strawmen on possible alternatives. 
Once we have a few ideas, I would like to pitch Whalley, Sherriff and Mark 
when I get back.
Lets go ahead and implement above ASAP.
Delainey
David Oxley
07/12/2000 12:04 PM
Dave,
I believe this is waht you asked for. Say the word and we will get cracking.
David
Chris, did we get the DASH completed and approved on Pasotria and LV Cogen?
Rob, I have not heard what the plan of action is with Moore? 
Rob, what would be the necessary steps needed to book all or some of the 
Bruce deal in Q3?
Delainey
Guys, where is Rebox - it seems to have disappeared?  I assume you guys are 
working on the accounting issues necessary to book the swaps on the Garden 
State deal.
Delainey
David W Delainey
07/13/2000 08:53 PM
Richard, I think I am starting to obsess and I really don't want you guys 
working on this; however, it think that it is very odd that this Griffin guy 
over an eight week process, two registered letters and a phone conversation 
does not send a letter or bring up this "Chrome Dreams" issue from 1986 with 
us until this lawsuit is filed without our knowledge.
This guys sounds a little off.
Delainey
Richard, I think I am starting to obsess and I really don't want you guys 
working on this; however, it think that it is very odd that this Griffin guy 
over an eight week process, two registered letters and a phone conversation 
does not send a letter or bring up this "Chrome Dreams" issue from 1986 with 
us until this lawsuit is filed without our knowledge.
This guys sounds a little off.
Delainey
FYI
Daniel Reck
07/10/2000 06:03 PM
FYI
=DJ Pricey Natural Gas May Alter New US Power Plant Options
HOUSTON (Dow Jones)--High natural gas prices could slow the stampede to
build
as much as 140,000 megawatts of new electric generation across the U.S. and
give
new coal technology the boost it needs to compete economically with gas in
the
future.
While market observers say the recent level of the price of natural gas -
above $4.00 per million British thermal unit since late May - may not be
sustainable, many expect gas to remain above $3.00/MMBtu for the foreseeable
future.
The jump in gas prices is blamed on a number of factors, from increased
demand
to fuel new power plants to stagnant U.S. gas production and a lack of
available
gas reserves in storage.
Pricier gas could create a variety of effects on future electric
generation:
from damping interest in building some new gas-fired plants to improving
economic prospects for investment to upgrade or build new coal-fired plants.
Current gas prices are off the chart when compared to existing forecasts
from
the Energy Information Institute, part of the U.S. Department of Energy. EIA
projects the average U.S. wellhead price of gas will only rise to
$2.81/MMBtu by
2020, up from an average of $1.96/MMBtu in 1998, a jump of 43%. EIA predicts
coal prices will fall by 28% during the same period.
Continued high natural gas prices may mean some proposed combined-cycle
gas
plants are never built, predicts a Midwest utility coal buyer. "It's awfully
hard for a combined-cycle gas plant to compete with coal. No way they can do
it
at these prices."
However, a recent report from Raymond James and Associates Inc., concluded
that gas-fired generation will still be economical this summer even if gas
prices climb above $7.00/MMBtu because of high power prices in most regional
US
wholesale markets.
Future Gas Supply Questioned; Coal Won't 'Go Away'
"The gas turbine generation trend is not over, not by a long shot," said
the
Raymond James report. "Gas turbines use gas more efficiently than the
nation's
fleet of older, conventional boiler-driven generators that are fired by gas.
The
efficiency gains enabled by gas turbine generation will be more valuable as
gas
prices rise."
While gas-fired plants are much cheaper and quicker to build than
traditional
coal-fired plants, many industry observers doubt that U.S. gas supply can
grow
to meet future demand, expected to reach 30 trillion cubic feet or more per
year
by 2020.
"Coal will not go away," said Steve Bergstrom, president of Dynegy Inc.
(DYN).
"The coal industry will figure it out. There are too many jobs involved and
it's
too cheap."
Bergstrom expects the rapidly expanding appetite for electricity across
the
U.S., which is growing 3% per year, will require additional generation from
many
fuel sources.
"You'll see gas will be used in most of the additional generation for the
next
four to five years," he predicted. "In the latter half of the decade, you'll
see
other alternatives, like coal, come into play. Technology will create
changes."
Even some independent power producers who are rushing to build gas-fired
power
plants in the U.S. admit the recent price of gas, if prolonged, is a threat.
Bob Kelly, Calpine Corp.'s (CPN) senior vice president, said his firm's
fleet
of 40,000 MW of highly efficient natural gas plants to be in place by 2004
will
be profitable even with gas at $4.00/MMBtu, but he expects owners of
coal-fired
plants to make additional capital investment to keep those plants running as
well.
"If gas stays $4.00 forever, you'll see more coal plants. It will make
sense
to put scrubbers on," said Kelly.
Southern Co. Evaluating Coal-to-Gas Technology
Gas has to compete on price with other available fuel, agreed Bob Carter,
chairman of Panda Energy International. Carter told Dow Jones Newswires late
last month that the idea of new coal-fired generation is "very possible."
In fact, the jump in gas prices has given a boost to Southern Co.'s (SO)
effort to build a first-of-its-kind coal plant that seeks to be cost and
environmentally competitive with natural gas, said Charles H. Goodman,
Southern
Co.'s vice president for research and environmental affairs.
Southern, with major DOE funding, recently announced a major advance in
its
effort to utilize coal in a more efficient and less polluting fashion to
generate electricity.
The new process combines use of a "transport reactor," a device based on
existing technology used to "crack" crude oil into lighter products, to turn
coal into a gas which is then burned in a combustion turbine much like
natural
gas.
In its gaseous form, coal can be cleaned of many of its pollutant-forming
impurities such as sulfur dioxide, nitrogen oxides and particulate matter,
Goodman said.
The key to the technology is the ability to burn the coal gas in a highly
efficient gas turbine rather than burning it to make steam to turn a
turbine, he
added.
The new technology can produce 100 megawatts of power with two-thirds less
coal than a traditional boiler-type coal generator, said Goodman.
And higher natural gas prices could move this technology closer to a
reality.
"The urgency of getting on with this (coal technology) is the forecast for
gas
prices," said Goodman. "At $2.50/MMBtu, it's a bigger stretch for this coal
plant (to compete with gas) than at $3.00 or $3.50/MMBtu."
New Coal Technology May Also Address Emissions
Goodman said Southern hopes to make a decision in the second half of 2001
on
whether to build a commercial power plant with the coal gasification
technology
now being tested at Southern's Power Systems Development Facility in
Wilsonville, Ala.
If gas prices stay high or remain volatile, Goodman said that will
influence
the timing, size and other variables associated with building the first
full-size plant to burn coal gas in this manner.
"The $64 question is the price of gas," said Goodman. If gas is cheap and
plentiful, utilities will have a harder time investing in coal technology,
he
said.
But because the U.S. has abundant coal resources, Goodman predicts the
coal-to-gas technology could eventually be used not only for new plants but
to
repower existing coal plants in a way that addresses air quality concern.
Other partners in the Power Systems Development Facility include the
Electric
Power Research Institute, Foster Wheeler Corp. (FWC), Halliburton's Kellogg
Brown & Root (HAL), Peabody Group, Combustion Power Corp. and
Siemens-Westinghouse Power.
-By Eileen O'Grady, Dow Jones Newswires; 713-547-9213;
eileen.ogrady@dowjones.com  
(END) DOW JONES NEWS  07-10-00
04:22 PM
- - 04 22 PM EDT 07-10-00
:TICKER: CPN DYN FWC HAL SO
:SUBJECT: CNHV EUTL OILO OILE CA GA NJ TX COMM INDG
Janet, we have been down the road with these guys before and it was not very 
pleasant.  I think it is hightly unlikely that Larry will be coming up with 
an additional 7FA turbine - but you can call him.  I'm also starting to think 
as the LM position starts to get better managed that maybe you and Chris 
should take the D5's and 7EA's onto your book.  Something to think about, I 
am just concerned about your ability to manage more complex deals without 
some resource availability.  I think you have to feel pretty good about the 
LM position first.  Something to think about?
Delainey
Janet R Dietrich
07/12/2000 02:09 PM
Hey Dave, what's the real deal on the 7FA "swap" with Larry Izzo? Do they 
have the capability to give us another 7FA in 2001-2002? I listened to two 
voicemails from Cogentrix this am and they do seem to be serious about 
purchasing an incremental 1-2 7FA's if they can be delivered by winter 2002. 
I think their preference is to buy the turbine from us on the front end with 
______________________________________________________________________
To review or revise your folder, visit   or contact Dow Jones Customer Service by e-mail at custom.news@bis.dowjones.com or by phone at 800-369-7466. (Outside the U.S. and Canada, call 609-452-1511 or contact your local sales representative.)
______________________________________________________________________
you didn't think that was funny?  do i need to explain that one?
i say we go to tealas and sit on the porch.
sorry i didn't call you back last night.  i didn't get home until late.  looks bad over here.  everything was business as usual until yesterday.  i think our books were so cooked that it is beyond repair.  i will call you later.
dynegy trades around their assets.  they aren't big risk takers like enron.  looks like the deal is now done.  now we just need to wait and see what happens 
Sorry to hear that. I read where the treasurer and a corporate attorney were
canned. I still feel the trading unit is somewhat elite in the business and
that whoever takes you over will realize that. What is Dynegy like. Good
capital with Texaco/Chevron behind them.
sorry i didn't call you back last night.  i didn't get home until late.
looks bad over here.  everything was business as usual until yesterday.
i think our books were so cooked that it is beyond repair.  i will call
you later.
this article mentions your chapter of sigma chi.
,
Kevin A. Boone
Accenture -- Houston
Consultant -- Energy
(Octel) 713.837.1638
(Client) 281.848.1619
(C) 713.306.7940
(H) 713.864.4149
Kevin.A.Boone@accenture.com
Our web address is  
Allison Kelly
Those crazy kids 
Racist photos of fraternity members
rocks Auburn, brings condemnation
By DREW JUBERA  Atlanta Journal-Constitution Staff Writer
Auburn, Ala. -- When the Southern Poverty Law Center received a call this
week about Internet photos of an Auburn University fraternity member
dressed
as a rifle-toting Klansman pretending to lynch a white student in
blackface,
the staff checked out the photo's date.
"We wanted to verify that it was taken in 2001, not 1951," said Kelvin
Datcher of the center in Montgomery that tracks incidents of bigotry. "The
kids who called us were frantic."
The photo, and others of students in blackface wearing Afros, jewelry and
jerseys with the lettering of a black fraternity, were taken this year at
Halloween parties at two fraternity houses and posted on the Internet by a
party-photo service.
The incident has rocked the campus of more than 22,000 students, which
bills
itself as "the loveliest village on the plain" and says it is intent on
recruiting minorities. As the photos illustrate, a racist, segregated past
is hard to escape.
Students at Auburn and other colleges have no personal memory of Jim Crow
segregation. But when it comes to socializing, many students gravitate
toward those of their own race. And social fraternities and sororities many of which used to enforce racial exclusionary clauses -- remain some of
the last bastions of segregationist attitudes.
Last year, when a black freshman applied to the University of Georgia's
all-white Alpha Gamma Delta, most of the members were adamant that she be
rejected. "If we had a black girl in our sorority, none of the fraternities
would want to do anything with us," one was quoted as saying.
That incident came to light because one sorority member, Ali Davis, filed a
racial discrimination complaint. UGA temporarily suspended Alpha Gamma
Delta
during an investigation. Davis, saying she felt ostracized, later left the
school.
Around the country, the Kappa Alpha Order, which is fond of displaying the
Confederate battle flag, has been implicated in various racial incidents in
recent years, the Southern Poverty Law Center reported.
The Louisiana Tech University chapter was placed on probation after a
confrontation with black football players in which frat members made racist
remarks, the center said. At Millsaps College in Mississippi, Kappa Alphas
dressed in Afro wigs and blackface to protest pro-minority initiatives. In
February, the KA chapter at the University of North Texas received a
five-year suspension for disorderly conduct and verbal intimidation after
some members were accused of racist remarks.
Such antics aren't limited to Kappa Alpha or the South, the Southern
Poverty
Law Center said. Several fraternities and sororities at New Hampshire's
Dartmouth College threw a "ghetto party" in which students dressed up as
urban African-Americans -- a theme that has surfaced at other campuses while a sorority there promoted a "slave auction" fund-raiser. The Sigma
Chi
fraternity at the University of Nebraska-Lincoln burned a cross at one of
its ceremonies.
Such incidents leave college administrators, especially those assigned to
foster diversity, wringing their hands.
"We've been working so hard to do the right thing, and then something like
this happens," Doyle Bickers, Auburn's director of admissions, said
Wednesday of the warped Halloween humor. "It breaks your heart."
"You can't escape your history," added Jim Hardin, an adviser in the
student
life center. "When something like this comes up, the question is, 'Have you
really changed, or are you just putting on a good front 
What has changed at Auburn, according to many black students, who make up
7.2 percent of the student body, is the administration's swift and open
reaction.
Interim President William F. Walker immediately condemned the costumes as
"shocking and outrageous" and suspended the fraternities, Beta Theta Pi and
Delta Sigma Phi. He attended a meeting of the Black Student Union and
promised a thorough but swift investigation, which is expected to be
completed within 10 days. Stories on the incident were displayed on the
university's Web site.
Delta Sigma Phi has expelled the two members who dressed as a Klansman and
his lynching victim, and suspended four others.
"Similar things have happened before," said Roland Harris, a junior
management information systems major and member of Phi Beta Sigma, one of
four historically black fraternities on campus. "But this time a lot of
people saw it, and they have to do something."
Auburn admitted its first black student, surrounded by 100 Alabama state
troopers, in 1961. The first black man pledged a traditionally white
fraternity in 1984, and there currently is one black pledge among those 24
fraternities.
Auburn's overall black population is still less than at most Southeastern
Conference universities, but stepped-up recruiting efforts led to a 24
percent increase of African-Americans admitted to this year's freshman
class. One sign of changing times: The university's Student Government
Association president is an African-American.
"We were finally beginning to say, 'Thank God, we're making some headway,'
and here comes this sad, unfortunate, damaging incident," said John
Bello-Ogunu, head of the university's office of multicultural affairs. "It
will no doubt be detrimental to our efforts to attract not only minority
students, but faculty and other staff as well."
Bello-Ogunu said the administration's reaction has been "on the mark." He
added that more action is needed, including diversity training for
fraternities. At the invitation of university officials and students, the
Southern Poverty Law Center will conduct a "mass workshop" on tolerance on
Wednesday.
Prentice Gilbert, an Auburn senior who oversees the campus' historically
black fraternities and who has helped recruit black students, said it will
take time to remedy the Halloween incident's impact.
"I have to keep reminding myself these were the actions of a few
individuals
who do not represent Auburn as a whole," Gilbert said. "This is the most
devastating blow we could take."
"The bottom line is, do we really want to be the 'Auburn family'?" he
added.
"If so, we really could become the loveliest village on the plain, as our
motto says."
Ned Hansen
Senior Recruiter - Medical Marketing
LucasGroup
Recruiting Excellence Since 1970
3384 Peachtree Rd, Ste 700
Atlanta, GA 30326
404-239-5630 Ext. 160
Fax: 404-239-5694
800-466-4489
nhansen@LucasCareers.com  www.LucasCareers.com 
game is on tv tomorrow.
Watch the Tigers Maul Middle Tennessee State!
LSU vs. Middle Tennessee State - November 10th, 2001 @ 7:00pm
Since the game is only available via satellite, come out and watch the game
at Woodrow's!
(For those who can't make Woodrow's, Nick's Place will also show the game)
(Note that parking will be available in the office building next door as
well as the normal areas - coming from Richmond, go past the office
building next to Woodrow's and take a right to get to the parking garage.
Parking is available for cars and small SUV's - due to clearance
restrictions, large vehicles are not allowed to park in the garage)
Your Greater Houston LSU Alumni Chapter
______________________________________________________________________
This message contains information that may be privileged or confidential
and is the property of the Cap Gemini Ernst & Young Group.  It is intended
only for the person to whom it is addressed.  If you are not the intended
recipient, you are not authorized to read, print, retain, copy,
disseminate, distribute, or use this message or any part thereof. If you
receive this message in error, please notify the sender immediately and
delete all copies of this message
how did you do on your test?
hey- i'm taking off of work next week to study, so i wanted to 
send you an e-mail to tell you to come out with us Thursday.....I'll 
be finished with the stupid test.  finally! 
did you go out last night? 
- This message (including any attachments) contains confidential information intended for a specific individual and purpose, and is protected by law.  - If you are not the intended recipient, you should delete this message and are hereby notified that any disclosure, copying, or distribution of this message, or the taking of any action based on it, is strictly prohibited.
no.  i was home before 10.  definately party tonight and golf tomorrow.
Are you hurting this morning? Let me know what's going on tonight?
game is on tv tomorrow.
they inked the deal.  dynegy has aquired us.
Well, hang in there. We are all thinking about you. Wish you could come
home. Talk to you soon.
dynegy trades around their assets.  they aren't big risk takers like enron.
looks like the deal is now done.  now we just need to wait and see what
happens.
Sorry to hear that. I read where the treasurer and a corporate attorney
were
canned. I still feel the trading unit is somewhat elite in the business
and
that whoever takes you over will realize that. What is Dynegy like. Good
capital with Texaco/Chevron behind them.
sorry i didn't call you back last night.  i didn't get home until late.
looks bad over here.  everything was business as usual until yesterday.
i think our books were so cooked that it is beyond repair.  i will call
you later.
sounds good.  have a good time.  i think i am going to stay in town and golf.  we will go party some other time.
hey!  I got your message this morning.  I didn't even end up going out. 
I came home and went straight to bed - i was so tired. 
I did good on the two parts that I studied for.  But the other two - I had 
no freakin clue what was going on.  I pulle the ole' "if in doubt, choose B or C Oh well. 
What are you doing this weekend I'm going to Austin this afternoon. 
My friend, Erika, (that moved to N.Y.) will be there and I'm going to hang out with 
her and Kate.  Do you remember them?  Erika is the tall girl that lived with Shirley and 
Mike Ecklund.  Kate is the blonde that used to hang out with me a lot. 
Get this - Kate was dating a guy from Austin for about a year and she moved there 2 months ago. 
Well, he just dumped her.  Can you believe that?  He begged her to move there and she doesn't 
know anyone else there. 
Anyway, she is pretty upset - so i'm going to party with her this weekend. 
tux has been ordered.  speech is being considered.
Matt-
Hey there!  Have you recovered from the Big Bash yet??  Heard you put on a
kickass party...I heard ALL the details..:)  Anyway,  as it is now close to
January, Max wants me to send an email to you to pass on to all the ushers
(Peder, Ryan, Scott &  Merlin) since you have their email addresses.
Florida in January is pretty busy, so you definately want to book your
hotel reservations NOW...you don't need a deposit yet, I don't think, you
just need to hold a room.  Here is the info. on the hotel where everyone is
staying (where we got group rates), also this is where the Rehearsal Dinner
& the Sunday brunch are...the wedding is down the street, so you guys may
just want one rental car for all of you.  I think Thursday afternoon  is
when you will all go to the Tux place in North Miami to try on your tuxes &
make sure that the measurments are right when they still have enough time
to make any adjustments.  Friday, during the day, Max will have something
planned for you guys 
Please start getting your measurements now & we will send you another email
when we find the place for you to call in your measurements in Miami.  Call
with any questions (303) 832-8160....The hotties in Miami are waiting for
you 
The Miami Beach Ocean Resort
3025 Collins Avenue, Miami Beach
1-800-550-0505
*Say you are with the Harris/Schrutt wedding for group rates of:
$160/night - city view      $200/night - ocean view
If you need a travel agent, we have used June Schram with Young Travel
previously at 1-800-426-9968 & again,  say you are with our wedding
party 
Take care & be safe.....Jen
no problem.  hull said it wouldn't be a good party anyway.  you know you didn't fall asleep, it is called passing out.
I want to apologize to everyone for my Houdini act on Friday.  I went home to get a new battery for my cell phone (the phone died, I didn't turn it off), change clothes, etc. and ended up falling asleep on my couch.  It's lame but that is what happened.  I understand you had trouble finding the house (from cell messages).  Again, I am sorry for not getting back in touch 
Thanks
Harry B.
what is your cell number again
Daniel D. Lisk
do you still want to go out tonight 
i don't know about you guys, but i feel a lot better after reading that.
If there was ever a reason to re-think employment at Enron/Dynegy.....here it is:
now i know something will get done.
If there was ever a reason to re-think employment at Enron/Dynegy.....here it is:
of course i do.  i want to see my sweet baby.  how was your day off.  did you buy me an xmas gift?
yeah do you?
do you still want to go out tonight?
don't be cruel
i told you, i'm not getting you a xmas present anymore.
of course i do.  i want to see my sweet baby.  how was your day off.  did
you buy me an xmas gift?
yeah do you?
do you still want to go out tonight?
maybe. why?
are you going to be around friday?
so everyone is pretty pissed over here b/c there is a report that ken lay will get $80 million if he doesn't join the new company.  he is getting a golden parachutte for ruining the company 
Oh man, where does that guy come from. It would be nice if he went out and
got his first job.
now i know something will get done.
i have fri off 
i'm taking off work. and i'm probably going to go play TPC
maybe. why?
are you going to be around friday?
people are pretty upset todya.  they have completely fleeced us.
That is pathetic.
so everyone is pretty pissed over here b/c there is a report that ken lay
will get $80 million if he doesn't join the new company.  he is getting a
golden parachutte for ruining the company.
Oh man, where does that guy come from. It would be nice if he went out
and
got his first job.
now i know something will get done.
you didn't send the number.  just call me on mine @ 7138258410.  i am thinking tealas and sitting out on the porch.
i will pick you up around 7:30-8.
i told you, i'm not getting you a xmas present anymore.
of course i do.  i want to see my sweet baby.  how was your day off.  did
you buy me an xmas gift?
yeah do you?
do you still want to go out tonight?
1212 fairview #a
houston  77006
Matt, I need your mailing address for the wedding invites. Email me back by
Thursday. Thanks
--ALEx
_________________________________________________________________
pins and needles.
company is pathetic.  everyone is on edge.  it is like working at a morgue/funeral parlor.
ckl
there is a credit spread b/t ice and eol for phys transactions
of this merger not going through?  a pwr trader that reliant's ice (trading platform) is having record breaking days.  just glad i never believed the "hype'
ckl
yeah baby.  i am a limited partner.
matt-
should start an on-line trading site and call it "ice"
ckl
there is a credit spread b/t ice and eol for phys transactions
of this merger not going through?  a pwr trader that reliant's ice (trading platform) is having record breaking days.  just glad i never believed the "hype'
ckl
they did talk to the trading floor yesterday and everyone was upset.  the only thing i can say for him is that at least he has hung around and stood in the fire.  skilling and fastow bolted.  i have no respect for them.  i guess his golden parachutte was in place since 89, but that was a situation in which the company is trading at 80 and we are taken over at 110.  not 90 down to 10 
I read in the WSJ that Lay is foregoing his $60.2 million parachute. How
thoughtful! The article said that considerable pressure was exerted by the
trading department. Were you in on any of it? Hooray for the trading
department. Lay took a chunk out of Enron over the years. Can the trading
department go after Skilling and Fastow?
cartoon hits a little too close to home, considering my current work environment, it is still hilarious.  Click below and wait a few seconds for the cartoon to load.
CKL
what is going on?  did you end up going out on sat?
hey matt! how's it going?  is it crazy over there right now? 
i wanted to see what was going on this weekend - we are going out tonight. 
i think we are going to Tony's for margaritas and then we are going out 
downtown. 
This message (including any attachments) contains confidential information intended for a specific individual and purpose, and is protected by law.  If you are not the intended recipient, you should delete this message.  Any disclosure, copying, or distribution of this message, or the taking of any action based on it, is strictly prohibited.
r&r was fun.  we went downtown first and it sucked.  i felt like i was in kabul w/ all of al queda.  r&r was packed though.  i didn't get there until around 1am.  when are you going home?
no, i didn't end up going out.  i went out friday night and felt hung over until 
about 5 on saturday, so i decided to take it easy i heard you went to R&R.  how was it?  did you have a good time? 
i was going to call you yesterday to ask you about it. 
that is disgusting.  watch for me i will be the one dancing like a maniac.
i am going to stay here.  i am going to the ut/a&m game on fri.  i am just looking forward to hanging out and relaxing.  i need to get some sleep, relax and get my mind off of enron.  seems like it is day to day on whether or not we are going out of business.  it is wearing on me 
i'm probably going home wednesday night.  what about you--are you 
staying here or going home? 
i want to see what my market value is.  i don't know what is going to happen here.  if you want to do a happy hour let me know.  maybe tomorrow after work or something.  let me know if you are up for it.
i feel bad for you.  it must be stressful there. 
let me know if you want to relax with a good 
margarita this week. 
are you going to start looking for something else, in case it goes 
out of business or are you going to wait it out? 
i guess i won't take paige to this
I know that this is a difficult time for all of us.  With everything going on inside the company as well as in the world around us, we have been carefully considering whether a holiday celebration is appropriate this year.  To be honest, employee feedback has been mixed.  Many viewed the holiday party as a unique opportunity for us to come together as Enron employees to share the spirit of the season.  Others felt a holiday party would be improper given the company's current circumstances.
After weighing these points of view, we have ultimately decided to cancel the all-Enron holiday party that was scheduled for December 8.  Given what has transpired over the past month, it could be considered imprudent for Enron to incur the expense of such an event.  I regret that this action is necessary because I recognize that your hard work throughout the year merits a holiday celebration and so much more.  We will attempt to find other, more appropriate ways to recognize your outstanding contributions as we move into the holiday season.
Ken Lay
take her to the atl
Invite her to our SEC Championship game party.
i guess i won't take paige to this
I know that this is a difficult time for all of us.  With everything going on inside the company as well as in the world around us, we have been carefully considering whether a holiday celebration is appropriate this year.  To be honest, employee feedback has been mixed.  Many viewed the holiday party as a unique opportunity for us to come together as Enron employees to share the spirit of the season.  Others felt a holiday party would be improper given the company's current circumstances.
After weighing these points of view, we have ultimately decided to cancel the all-Enron holiday party that was scheduled for December 8.  Given what has transpired over the past month, it could be considered imprudent for Enron to incur the expense of such an event.  I regret that this action is necessary because I recognize that your hard work throughout the year merits a holiday celebration and so much more.  We will attempt to find other, more appropriate ways to recognize your outstanding contributions as we move into the holiday season.
Ken Lay
jill arrington has a bright future ahead of her.
EYES ON THE GAME
CBS' announcing crew for Friday's game will include Vern Lundquist (play-by-play), Todd Blackledge (color analyst) and JILL ARRINGTON (sideline reporter). The three called the LSU-Alabama game on Nov. 3.
This is absolutely unbelievable to hear this jet - turn your speakers up.
i think that i need to give my resume to your brother in law.  enron is collapsing.
definately.  tell him i trade west basis in the natural gas market.  i appreciate it.
Do you want me to talk to him for you?  If so, do I need to tell him that you have experience with anything specific? 
yeah.  i can email it to you.  i will give you a call later tonight.
i'll talk to him and let you know.  do you have a resume put together? 
sorry i didn't get back to you last night.  i was on the other line with paige.  i am so pumped about her.
430 is good
sorry i didn't call you back last night.  i got home around 9:30.  i will give you a call tonight.  how about the huskers?  that was violent.
mostly internal trading.  bidweek starts today, so we will see if physical volume picks up.
volumes down or has business picked up to normal activity?  do you think the merger will go through?
ckl
what are you going to dc for?
Welcome to the D-town.