Vince
 
"Webmaster@cera.com" <webmaster on 09/28/2000 01:57:57 PM
Authors: North American Power Team, Western Energy Team 
E-Mail Category: Multimedia 
Product Lines: North American Power, Western Energy 
URL: 
For North American Power clients   
For Western Energy clients 
In a September 11, 2000, CERA multimedia conference call and web 
presentation, Larry Makovich, CERA Senior Director, Mike Zenker, CERA 
Director, and Peter Moritzburke, CERA Associate discuss: 
Power Crisis in California: Reregulation or Redesign? 
* Tracing the problem: Structural flaws and strong fundamentals 
* Possible paths for California 
* Lessons learned and implications for other markets 
To view and listen to a replay of this presentation, 
please click on the link above. 
**end  Account Changes 
To edit your personal account information, including your e-mail 
address, etc. go to 
This electronic message and attachments, if any, contain information 
from Cambridge Energy Research Associates, Inc. (CERA) which is 
confidential and may be privileged. Unauthorized disclosure, copying, 
distribution or use of the contents of this message or any attachments, 
in whole or in part, is strictly prohibited. 
Terms of Use 
Questions/Comments: webmaster@cera.com 
Please find attached the final copy for chapter 3.
?
We have about a week before we begin printing, so if you do  see?something 
that needs changed, please let us know as soon as you  can ?
Thanks,
Julie
- chap3.pdf
Mike, Vasant,
Elsa would like to meet and discuss the construction of forward curves for
her operation.
Can you, please, get in touch with her.
Vince
Piazze  Vince:
Thank you for your interest in considering hosting a Tiger Team Project with
the Wharton School.  I have attached information for your review.  As I
mentioned, I will be out of the office until Sept 11, but look forward to
talking with you after that date.
Sincerely,
Donna Piazze
Program Director
Field Application Project
The Wharton School
Univ. of Pennsylvania
(215) 573-8394
(215) 573-5727 fax
fap@management.wharton.upenn.edu
piazze@wharton.upenn.edu
- Tiger Team Brochure 2000-2001.doc
- Tiger Host  Responsibilities.doc
- Non-Disclosure - Redraft 1_.doc
- 2001 Field Application Form 1.doc
- 2001 Field Application Form 2.doc
Mike,
She is Yana's   friend.
Vince
Shirley Crenshaw
09/07/2000 09:22 AM
Correction!  Friday the "8th" not the "9th"
Thanks!
Shirley Crenshaw
09/07/2000 09:11 AM
Valeria:
3:30pm tomorrow the 9th will be fine.  We will have to change the schedule 
a little bit, but I believe it will work.
Kevin Kindall   3:30 PM
Grant Masson   4:00 PM
Tanya Tamarchenko  4:30 PM
Vince Kaminski  5:00 PM
Same scenario - upon arrival in the lobby go to the security desk and ask
for me.  I will meet you in the lobby of the 19th floor.
Thanks so much for your flexibility!
Shirley Crenshaw
Valeria.I.Stone@EXXON.sprint.com on 09/07/2000 08:56:24 AM
Date: September 7, 2000
And I am sure it is not an easy task to fit the schedule of several people to
be available at the same time window.  So please feel free to let me know if
you will need to do another time adjustment.
Valeria:
Please do not think we are always this unorganized, but things just seem
to be happening right now and it is disrupting everyone's schedule.
Would you possibly be able to come tomorrow the 8th?  Kevin Kindall
will not be here on the 15th and he would definately like to interview you.
Then Vince Kaminski will be gone for two weeks after the 15th.  It seems
like tomorrow might be the best time for everyone, if it is for you.
We can begin the interviews at 3:00 PM and probably end them at 5:00
or 5:30 pm.
Please let me know.
Thanks so much for your understanding.
[Stone, V.I. (Valeria  ,
Shirley Crenshaw
Valeria.I.Stone@EXXON.sprint.com on 09/07/2000 07:46:13 AM
Date: September 7, 2000
It actually might be more convenient for me to meet with the interviewers
on
the 15th of September.  If this day does not fit the schedule of any of the
interested in interviewing individuals, I surely will be able to meet with
them on the 14th.
I will be looking forward to your reply.
Sincerely,
Valeria Stone
Valeria:
Would you be able to do the interview on the 14th or 15th instead of the
13th?  Vince Kaminski, who would really like to interview you, has been
called out of town on the 13th.  He will be back on the 14th.
Also Grant Masson is conducting an Options Seminar on the 13th and
would not be able to interview you until after 5:00 PM.
Please let me know if we can just push the interview to the same time
frame only on the 14th or 15th.
Thanks!
Shirley Crenshaw
713-853-5290
Shirley,
Did we renew it?
Vince
Institutional Investor Journals  11:03:59 AM
Dear Vince Kaminski,
We hope you are enjoying the benefits of receiving market-leading, rigorous=20
and current research from industry experts through your subscription to=20
DERIVATIVES QUARTERLY.
Unfortunately, your subscription is about to expire!  By renewing now, your=20
access to the web site and to your print copies will be uninterrupted.
You can continue to get the exclusive research and practical advice for=20
financial practitioners =01) written by the best minds in your business!
Click here to Renew Today
Thank you.
Zeigham,
Mike Roberts from my group will help you.
Vince
Hi Vince:
This Zeigham Khokher at the University of Texas at  Austin, Finance 
Department.
?
I need some publicly available data that  unfortunately is not available 
here.? It is basically the historical prices  for price of oil, gas and gold 
futures contracts and options.
?
Again the data is strictly public info and not  proprietary at all.? Let me 
know if there is a central data person at Enron  who would be able to help All help will be of course gratefully  acknowledged.
?
Hope all is well, I hear you will be giving a talk  at UT this fall?and look 
forward to seeing you then.
?
Zeigham
?
?
Mike,
Please, help him. Only publicly available data
(exchanges, etc.)
Vince
Hi Vince:
This Zeigham Khokher at the University of Texas at  Austin, Finance 
Department.
?
I need some publicly available data that  unfortunately is not available 
here.? It is basically the historical prices  for price of oil, gas and gold 
futures contracts and options.
?
Again the data is strictly public info and not  proprietary at all.? Let me 
know if there is a central data person at Enron  who would be able to help All help will be of course gratefully  acknowledged.
?
Hope all is well, I hear you will be giving a talk  at UT this fall?and look 
forward to seeing you then.
?
Zeigham
?
?
Cantekin
We shall get back to you when I return from Europe in a week.
Vince
Vince,
I have received the full-time offer package from Associate & Analyst Program
last week. Apparently they have pretty tight deadlines. Because of a certain
clause in the contract, I may have to give them an answer by October 16th.
Since we discussed this before I left Enron, I felt it would be a good idea
to inform you of the recent developments.
I am looking forward to hearing from you soon regarding both part-time and
full-time employment opportunities with the Research Group.
Best,
Doctoral Candidate
The University of Texas at Austin
Graduate School of Business
Department of Finance
office: (512) 471-1676
fax   : (512) 471-5073
home  : (512) 472-5356
cell  : (512) 680-5355
FYI
Vince 
Energy Institute   - att1.htm
- DERWorkshopProgram.doc
Please, read.
Sent by: Enron Announcements@
TO: Houston Area Employees Participating in the Domestic Medical Plan Benefits
You may have recently received communication from United HealthCare (UHC) 
concerning Memorial Hermann Health Systems' (MHHS) decision to terminate 
their contract with UHC  in the Houston/Beaumont area.  This communication 
also included the names of physicians who will be dropped from the network 
due to this action.  It is our intent to help you understand the situation.
It is our understanding that Memorial Herman Health Systems asked for a 40% 
increase in fees - a substantial increase that would have been passed on to 
you and Enron!  When United HealthCare attempted to negotiate with a counter 
proposal, Memorial Hermann cancelled their contract.
While this contractual arrangement was between the hospital system and UHC, 
Enron continues to support UHC in their ongoing contract negotiation 
efforts.  At this time, it is only UHC which has been affected, however, it 
is our understanding that Cigna has also been contacted by the hospital group 
and may be in contract negotiations at this time as well 
Many doctors have obtained admission privileges to other area hospitals 
within the UHC Network or have contracted directly with UHC including those 
with admission privileges to The Woodlands, Sugarland and Clear Lake 
Hospitals, to name a few.  In a further effort to limit disruption to our 
affected employees and families who are enrolled in the UHC Network or EPO 
options, Enron has authorized UHC to process claims incurred between 
September 28 and December 31, 2000 as if the termination of the Memorial 
Hermann Health Systems from the network had not occurred and In-Network 
benefits applied.  Office visits will have a $10 copayment and all other 
charges will be covered at 90%.  Hospital admissions will still need to be 
pre-certified with UHC.
These steps have decreased the number of participants' affected by Primary 
Care Physician disruption from 1,050 to 127.
If You Need Medical Attention:  You or your doctor/hospital must call UHC's 
customer service number so proper benefits can be verified.  In some cases 
the hospital or doctor may request payment at the time service is performed If this should happen, please obtain an itemized statement and submit it to 
UHC with a claim form for prompt reimbursement.  Claim forms can be obtained 
by calling 1-800-332-7979 or in Houston at 713-853-7979 ( press 1).
Open enrollment materials will be coming soon.  Take this opportunity to 
consider your elections for 2001 
United HealthCare and Enron HR are committed to assisting Enron employees 
through this transition.  We will communicate any  further developments that 
may impact you or your family.
Pinnamaneni Krishnarao
09/27/2000 04:17 PM
Vince: 
FYI, Grant has gone through slides 4-9 (option premium definition in GBM-BS 
presentation) last time. I will copy these files to my Laptop and a floppy to 
take to the Hotel tomorrow. Bring your laptop also though, just in case Krishna.
Shijie Deng  Vince,
I'm really glad to know that you could make it.  Could you send me a
title, 50-word abstract and author info. (title and contact info.) by the
end of this week?  Thanks!
Shijie
On Thu, 28 Sep 2000 Vince.J.Kaminski@ wrote: