> > They know that a hug and a kiss can heal a
 > > broken heart.
 > > Women come in all sizes, in all colors and shapes.
 > > They'll drive, fly, walk, run or e-mail
 > > you to show how much they care about you.
 > > The heart of a woman is what makes the world spin!
 > > Women do more than just give birth.
 > > They bring joy and hope.
 > > They give compassion and ideals.
 > > They give moral support to their family and friends.
 > > Women have a lot to say and a lot to give.
 > > This has been sent to you from someone who
 > > respects you as a woman
 > > Pass it along to your woman friends to
 > > remind them how amazing
 > > they are  > > > IT'S BEAUTIFUL WOMEN MONTH!
 > > IT'S GOOD TO BE THE WOMAN.
 > > We got off the Titanic first.
 > > We can scare male bosses with mysterious
 > > gynecological disorder excuses.
 > > Taxis stop for us.
 > > We don't look like a frog in a blender when dancing.
 > > No fashion faux pas we make could ever
 > > rival The Speedo.
 > > We don't have to pass gas to amuse ourselves.
 > > If we forget to shave, no one has to know.
 > > We can congratulate our teammate without
 > > ever touching her rear.
 > > We never have to reach down every so often
 > > to make sure our privates are still there.
 > > We have the ability to dress ourselves.
 > > We can talk to people of the opposite sex
 > > without having to picture them naked.
 > > If we marry someone 20 years younger,
 > > we're aware that we look like an idiot.
 > > There are times when chocolate really can
 > > solve all your problems.
 > > We'll never regret piercing our ears.
 > > We can fully assess a person just by
 > > looking at their shoes.
 > > We can make comments about how silly men
 > > are in their presence, because they aren't listening
 > > anyway.
 > > SEND THIS TO FIVE BRIGHT WOMEN YOU KNOW AND MAKE THEIR DAY >
Brad,
I really don't know where to begin other than just to say it.  Enron is having some extremely difficult times now.  I have been trying to focus on helping Enron stay together.  This is not a good time for you or anyone else to try and seek employment here.  I am sorry if I am letting you down.  I was only wanting to help.  I will always keep you in mind, and hopefully when things turn around here I will be able to address you coming here.
Here is some "light" reading for you.  Print this one out, get a coke, and a pack of cigs.   Enjoy!  The author got this one right,  this has been my life and many many others for a long time --- this is what enrons culture has been like for years.
How Enron Blew It
Less than a year ago, the Houston-based energy behemoth had everything: money, power, glitz, smarts, new ideas, and a CEO who wanted to make it the most important company in the world. Now its stock is down, wall street is bearish, and the CEO is gone. What went wrong?
by Mimi Swartz  THE ENRON SKYSCRAPER NEAR THE SOUTH END OF HOUSTON'S DOWNTOWN feels like the international headquarters of the best and the brightest. The lobby in no way resembles the hushed, understated entryways of the old-fashioned oil companies, like Shell and Texaco nearby. Enron, in contrast, throbs with modernity. The people hustling in and out of the elevators are black, white, brown; Asian, Middle Eastern, European, African, as well as American-born. They are young, mostly under 35, and dressed in the aggressively casual uniform of the tech industry-the guys wear khakis, polo shirts, and Banana Republic button-downs. Almost preposterously fit, they move through the building intently, like winners. Enron is nothing if not energetic: A Big Brother-size TV screen frantically reports on the stock market near a bank of elevators, while another hefty black television relaying the same news greets people entering from the garage. A sculpture of the corporate symbol, an E tipped at a jaunty angle, radiates colors as it spins frenetically on its axis; a Starbucks concession on the ground floor keeps everyone properly caffeinated. Multicolored, inspirational flags hang from the ceiling, congratulating Enron on its diversity and its values; one more giant banner between elevator banks declares Enron's simple if grandiose goal: "From the World's Leading Energy Company to . . . The World's Leading Company!"
For a while, that future seemed guaranteed, as Enron transformed itself from a stodgy, troubled pipeline company in 1985 to a trading colossus in 2000. It was a Wall Street darling, with a stock price that increased 1,700 percent in that sixteen-year period, with revenues that increased from $40 billion to $100 billion. "The very mention of the company in energy circles throughout the world creates reactions ranging from paralyzing fear to envy," notes a 2001 report from Global Change Associates, a firm that provides market intelligence to the energy business.
This Enron was largely the creation of Jeff Skilling, a visionary determined to transform American business. Hired sixteen years ago as a consultant by then-CEO Ken Lay, Skilling helped build a company that disdained the old formula of finding energy in the ground, hauling it in pipelines, and then selling it to refineries and other customers. Instead, it evolved into a company that could trade and market energy in all its forms, from natural gas to electricity, from wind to water. If you had a risky drilling venture, Enron would fund it for a piece of the action. If you wanted your megacorporation's energy needs analyzed and streamlined, Enron could do the job. If you were a Third World country with a pitiful infrastructure and burgeoning power needs, Enron was there to build and build. Basically, if an idea was new and potentially-and fantastically-lucrative, Enron wanted the first crack. And with each success, Enron became ever more certain of its destiny. The company would be the bridge between the old economy and the high-tech world, and in February of this year, Skilling reaped his reward when he succeeded Lay as chief executive officer. Enron, says Skilling, "was a great marriage of the risk-taking mentality of the oil patch with the risk-taking mentality of the financial markets."
The Enron story reflects the culture that drove American business at the end of the twentieth century. Like the high-tech companies it emulated, Enron was going to reinvent the American business model and, in turn, the American economy. Maybe it was natural that this Brave New World also produced a culture that was based on absolutes: not just the old versus the new, but the best versus the mediocre, the risk takers versus the complacent-those who could see the future versus those who could not. The key was investing in the right kind of intellectual capital. With the best and the brightest, a company couldn't possibly go wrong.
Or could it? Today Enron's stock trades at around $35, down from a high of $80 in January. The press cast Enron as the archvillain of California's energy crisis last spring, and Skilling caught a blueberry pie in the face for his relentless defense of the free market. A long-troubled power plant project in India threatened the company's global ambitions. Telecommunications, in which Enron was heavily invested, imploded. Wall Street analysts who once touted the company questioned its accounting practices. Some of the change in Enron's fortunes can be attributed to the economic downturn in uncertain times that has afflicted all of American business. But the culture that the company created and lived by cannot escape blame.
ENRON, JEFF SKILLING SAYS, HAD "a totally different way of thinking about business-we got it." At Enron, in fact, you either "got it" or you were gone-it was as simple as black and white. It is not coincidental, then, that the color scheme of Skilling's River Oaks mansion mirrors the corporation he once headed. Here, the living room's white walls shimmer against the mahogany floors. Black leather trims the edge of snowy carpets. Billowy sofas set off the jet-black baby grand. In the entry, white orchids cascade from a black vase on a black pedestal table that in turn pools onto cold, white marble. There is only one off-color note: After almost twenty years, Jeff Skilling is no longer associated with Enron, having resigned abruptly after just six months as CEO. Once, Skilling was hailed as the next Jack Welch (General Electric's masterful CEO), as one of Worth magazine's best CEO's in America (anointed in 2001), and even as a daredevil who hosted the kind of unchained adventure junkets in which, a friend told BusinessWeek, "someone could actually get killed." Today, he sounds more like Ebenezer Scrooge on Christmas morning. "I had no idea what I'd let go of," Skilling says of all the personal sacrifices he made while retooling Enron.=20
From a black chair in the white library, across from a huge black and white photograph of his daughter and two sons, Skilling clarifies. The demands of working 24-7 for Enron caused him to ignore his personal finances. Divorced, he lived in a 2,200-square-foot house without a microwave or a dishwasher. He almost missed his brother's wedding. "Learning a foreign language-I never learned a foreign language!" he exclaims. He never once took his youngest son to school. "I'm interested in the kids. You don't do kids in fifteen-minute scheduling." Travel: "You can't go to Africa for a week and get anything out of it!" Skilling includes the study of architecture and design on his list of missed opportunities, then he stops and sighs. "I'm not sure that fulfillment in life is compatible with a CEO's job," he says, finally. Then his eyes lock on mine, and his voice, which had softened, regains its pragmatic edge. "It would have been easy to stay," he says. "But that would not have been good for me."=20
He's a smallish, ruddy-faced man who keeps himself at fighting weight, handsome in the way of corporate titans, with piercing cheekbones and that assiduously stolid gaze. But the impatience Skilling once reserved for cautious underlings and dull-witted utility company executives is now targeted at reporters who have labeled his resignation "bizarre" and associates who are bitterly skeptical of his need for family time. His shrug stretches the limits of his shimmering blue button-down, and his matching blue eyes look put upon. "I'm surprised," he says, "that people have so much trouble understanding this."
PEOPLE WHO PASSED THROUGH DOWNTOWN HOUSTON in the late eighties or early nineties couldn't help but notice a funny and, for its time, novel scene unfolding throughout the workday at the base of the Enron Building. From nine to five and before and after, you could see people slipping out of the pristine silver skyscraper to smoke. They perched on the chrome banisters or lurked near the glass doors at the entry, puffing like mad. They always looked hurried and furtive, even ashamed. Whatever people knew about Enron in those days (and most people didn't know much), it was often associated with that scene: Enron boasted one of the first nonsmoking corporate headquarters in Houston, and there couldn't have been clearer evidence of its break with the energy world of the past. What macho engineer would have put up with such humiliation?
But this company was a child of another time, that period in the mid-eighties when chaos enveloped the gas business. Federal deregulation of natural gas turned a steady, secure industry, in which gas pipeline companies frequently enjoyed a monopoly in portions of the areas that they served, into a volatile free-for-all. The situation was compounded five years later by federal deregulation of the pipeline business. So it happened that a gentlemanly gas pipeline company, Houston Natural Gas (HNG) found itself under attack from Coastal Corporation, Oscar Wyatt's less than gentlemanly firm. HNG was then run by Lay, a sturdy, taciturn former economics professor and Transco chief operating officer who had a passion for military strategy. (His doctoral thesis at the University of Houston was on supply and demand in the Vietnam War.) Lay, who was from Missouri and never succumbed-at least outwardly-to Texas brashness, had done well enough: Thanks to canny expansions, HNG's pipelines stretched from Florida to California and throughout the state of Texas.
HNG fended off Coastal, but to protect the company from other takeover attempts, Lay nimbly engineered the sale of HNG in 1985 to a friendly Nebraska pipeline concern called InterNorth, one of the largest pipeline companies in the country at the time. Then, a funny thing happened: HNG started acting in a way that would characterize the company for years to come-a lot like Coastal. What the Nebraskans blithely labeled "the purchase" was being called "the merger" back in Houston, and before long, following some particularly brutal politicking between Omaha and Houston, the company's center of gravity started shifting toward Texas, and shortly after that, Ken Lay was running a new company called Enron. "Over time it became clear that Lay had a better vision of the future," says one person associated with Enron at that time. "He never fought change. He embraced change."
Lay had won, but what exactly did that mean? Enron was saddled with massive debt from the takeover attempt, and thanks to deregulation, no longer had exclusive use of its pipelines. Without new ideas-for that matter, a whole new business plan-the company could be finished before it really even got started.=20
LIKE MANY PEOPLE WHO TEAMED UP WITH ENRON IN THE EIGHTIES, Jeff Skilling had spent a lot of time in the Midwest, and he was self-made-at fourteen he had been the chief production director at a start-up TV station in Aurora, Illinois. (His mother would drop him off there every day after school.) "I liked being successful when I was working, and I was smart," he told BusinessWeek earlier this year. But unlike many of his Enron colleagues, Skilling wasn't deliberate and soft-spoken and happy to go home at five o'clock; he was anxious and excitable, and nothing, but nothing excited him more than what he would come to call "intellectual capital." He loved being smart, and he loved being surrounded by smart people. He graduated from Southern Methodist University, went into banking-assets and liability management-and took on Harvard Business School, where he graduated in the top 5 percent of his class. Then Skilling took the next step on what was then the new, souped-up path to American success: He joined Manhattan's McKinsey and Company as a business consultant, and that is where Ken Lay found him in 1985.=20
It is often said of Lay that his instincts for hiring the best are flawless, and his choice of Skilling probably saved the company. Skilling was above all an expert at markets and how they worked. While everyone else was worrying about the gluts and the shortages that defined the gas industry, he alone saw the parallels between gas and other businesses. And so in a world where credit was nearly impossible to come by, Skilling came up with what he called the Gas Bank, which contractually guaranteed both the supply and the price of gas to a network of suppliers and consumers. Enron would not be a broker but a banker. It would buy and sell the gas itself and assume the risk involved. And Enron would make money on transactions, much like an investment bank would.
Skilling worked up some numbers and found them "absolutely compelling." Then the McKinsey consultant took the idea to a meeting of about 25 Enron executives. He had a one-page presentation. "Almost to a person," Skilling says, "they thought it was stupid." Almost. After Skilling left the meeting dejected, he walked Ken Lay to an elevator and apologized. Lay listened and then said, "Let's go."
The Gas Bank was not an overnight success. For months Skilling woke up in a cold sweat, sure he had ruined not only his career but the careers of dozens of colleagues who had assisted him. In fact, he had come upon one of those divides that seem to define his life: "I believed this whole world would be different, a huge breakthrough" is the way Skilling puts it today, and even if he is typically immodest, he was right. Fairly soon after launching, the company sold $800 million worth of gas in a week. True to Skilling's character, success turned out to be a matter of old versus new: He says the joke around Enron was that if a company's CEO was under fifty, "We were in." And he was in too: In 1990 Skilling finally left McKinsey and joined Enron as the head of Enron Finance Corporation, a new division created just for him. In 1991 that company closed a deal that earned $11 million in profit. After that, says Skilling, "we never looked back."
Skilling and Lay also realized that the Gas Bank couldn't work unless it had a trading component. Myriad trades were needed to build the market that would make the project go. But by buying and selling enormous quantities of gas, Enron not only constructed a market but almost instantly came to dominate it. The company had the best contacts, the best intelligence, and the best access to supplies. That, in turn, attracted more customers who wanted to be part of the play. With so many customers in its pocket, Enron could better predict the direction of the market and could use that knowledge to make trades for its own benefit-Enron could in effect bet on which way the price of gas would go, as one might do with pork bellies or soybeans, but with startling accuracy, thereby generating profits higher than anyone could have ever imagined.
THIS CHANGE COULD NEVER HAVE OCCURRED without another change Skilling had made: He created, within Enron, a new culture to match its new trading business. The idea was to build a "knowledge-based business," which demanded a skill set not exactly prized by Enron's employees from the old HNG days. Most were deliberate, cautious, responsible, somewhat defensive people, most of them men, of course-the kind of people you'd expect to find working in an industry regulated by the federal government. But now the company needed bolder people for its bold new era: that included anyone who wanted to make money-lots of money-for themselves and for the company. "Enron was going to create a niche for itself or die," one former executive explains. "The people who had narrow views eventually were forced out, because if they had narrow views about other things, they had narrow views about the market."
Skilling wanted smart people but not just any smart people. He wanted the smartest people from schools like Harvard, Stanford, and maybe, Rice. And because his firm was now acting more like a bank than a pipeline company, he wanted to draw from the pool of recruits that would be attracted to the biggest and best investment banks, like Merrill Lynch or Credit Suisse First Boston. In addition to being smart, Enron people were also supposed to be "aggressive." You were right for Enron if you didn't want to wait until you were thirty to close your own deals or move up in an organization.=20
You could see what he was looking for on "Super Saturdays" at the Houston headquarters: eight fifty-minute interviews with ten minute breaks in between-the company might herd as many as four hundred people through in just one day. They were scored from 1 to 5 on their smarts, their problem-solving ability, their passion for hard work, and what at Enron was called "a sense of urgency." People who scored less than 2.5 were scratched. The shrewdest candidates knew how to work Enron before they were even hired: These were the types that automatically turned down the company's first offer, knowing Enron would come back with more. The starting salary was around $80,000. Maybe it wasn't a fortune-yet-but the signing bonus, about $20,000, was more than enough for a lease on the obligatory Porsche Boxster or one of the lofts being renovated close to downtown. (Enron people didn't live in far-flung suburbs. Suburbs were uncool and too far from the office.)
For the lucky winners, Enron offered the corporate equivalent of a gifted-and-talented program. New associates learned the latest techniques for structuring energy deals, and there were rotations at Enron offices around the globe. The hours were long, but every possible need was taken care of. A company concierge handled all the things important people couldn't be bothered with: picking up dry cleaning or prescriptions, shining shoes, cleaning the house, planning a vacation. Of course, a lot of people who worked for Enron never got to take vacations-they were too busy making money-but they could use the company gym and the company's personal trainers. If they were overweight or wanted to quit smoking, they could join Enron's Wellness Program. Massages were offered six days a week, from seven in the morning until ten at night. "They were so cutting edge," rhapsodizes someone involved with the company health care program at the time. "They really thought about the psychology and what it took to keep these people going."
Skilling handed out titles analogous to those at Wall Street firms-analysts, associates, directors, and managing directors-but everyone knew that those titles didn't really matter. Money did. Instead of competitive salaries and decent bonuses, Enron offered competitive salaries and merit-based bonuses-with no cap. "If you really worked hard and delivered results, you could make a lot of money," says Ken Rice, who stayed with Enron for 21 years until resigning recently as the head of the company's faltering broadband division. Or, as the saying goes, you got to eat what you killed. Gas traders with two or three years of experience could wind up with a $1 million bonus. And the more you produced, the closer you got to Jeff: Real hot dogs joined him glacier hiking in Patagonia, Land Cruiser racing in Australia, or off-road motorcycling in a re-creation of the Baja 1,000 race, ending at a spectacular Mexican villa. "Every time he'd speak, I'd believe everything he'd say," one loyalist says.=20
And why not? By 1995 Enron had become North America's largest natural-gas merchant, controlling 20 percent of the market. But at a company where the buzzword was "aggressive," that was no place to stop: Skilling and Lay believed the Gas Bank model could easily be applied to the electricity business. Firmly committed to the notion that a deregulated market meant better service at lower prices for consumers (and untold profits for Enron), they began barnstorming the country, pressing their case with entrenched power company presidents (who, with their multimillion-dollar salaries and monopoly service areas, had little incentive to change) and energy regulators (who were somewhat more receptive, thanks in part to Enron's generous lobbying efforts).
But the biggest winner of all was probably Jeff Skilling. In 1997 Ken Lay made him the president and chief operating officer of the company. By then, 
Laughing!  thanks for relaying the message to your brother, I had told him I sent him an Email and he just insisted he didnt get one, now I guess we all know why ...  I am glad your enjoying school so much, I look forward to seeing you for the Holidays also.  Any Christmas suggestions this year?   Take care- and I owe you and your brother some "hamburger money"  I will take care of you guys at Thanksgiving.   Take Care
Sandra
It's good to hear from you even though you wrote to the wrong nephew.  How's everything going in the big H.  School is going pretty well, my classes are going pretty well except one that really sucks bad.  Tell everyone I said Hello.  I look forward to seeing everyone at Thanksgiving, I'll relay the message to Brad.
Brandon
Listened in on the analyst call this morning.  Here are my notes.  Did not yet have a chance to organize them, so they're simply in chronological order.
The call began with Watson, Bergstrom, and Whalley reading from prepared statements.  Watson spoke for c. 10 minutes, Bergstrom for 5, and Whalley spoke for perhaps 30 seconds.  Dynegy management was noticeably in control of the call.  Enron executives spoke when questions were directed to them 
Specific points:
EES will be a part of the new company Enron assets will be revalued at closing The investment in Northern Natural takes the form of convertible preferred.  If the merger does not go through, Dynegy has the right to acquire Northern for 'very little' additional consideration.  If DYN terminates the merger and ENE 'has sufficient liquidity', ENE has right to repurchase the convertible preferred Debt/equity of combined company expected to be <45%.
Both companies will remain on RatingsWatch negative ChevronTexaco will hold 169MM shares out of a total 650MM shares of the post-merger entity Watson reiterates that going forward, the new entity will be run with a focus on transparent and clear financial structure and disclosure, with a significant reduction in on- and off-balance-sheet leverage In what was termed a "new approach", the new entity will be run with a focus on cash flow rather than earnings Rumors that Dynegy did the deal because of an unhedged exposure to Enron are not true.  Dynegy owed Enron <$50MM Lay says that Enron had other options, 'particularly financial'.
All of the discussion and activity has taken place over the last two weeks.
Lay acknowledges that the number for exposure to securities lawsuits may be 'pretty big', but that the companies feel they're able to appropriately value this exposure.
Lay says we have nothing else to hide, but internal investigation still under way Lay:  had the SPEs been capitalized with perhaps $30MM more of risk capital, there would have been no question that they would have qualified for off-balance-sheet treatment and there would have been no need to restate earnings last week to reflect consolidation of the SPEs.
Dynegy says that 'several' internal investigations continue at Enron, and thus DYN/ENE cannot say with certainty that there's absolutely nothing else out there.
Doty (Dynegy CFO) says that late last week, ENE had 'close to a billion' in cash Osprey will be unwound late next summer. Marlin will be unwound after closing.
Many of the off-balance-sheet structures, including the credit-linked notes, are expected to be unwound/redeemed or at least significantly reduced prior to closing.
With regard to ENE asset dispositions, these will be accelerated to the extent possible.  However, Doty says that 'our backs are not against the wall', and the company will continue to focus on getting value for its assets as well as cash.
ENE will renew its 364-day facility (believe this is the $3Bn facility that we drew down a couple of weeks ago) within the next 6-8 weeks BBB-flat most likely rating for combined entity, according to initial comments from ratings agencies.
McMahon says 'no comment' to WSJ article indicating that ENE's banks are preparing to make an equity infusion into ENE in the next few weeks.
Consolidation of trading activity: Mid- and back-office consolidation will see substantial progress prior to closing, such that only the front office / trading books will need to be combined at closing.  EES, NNG and TW have no real overlap with existing DYN activity, so there won't be much integration work required there.  The big integration effort will be ENA.
Watson says that the 'creative financing' surrounded non-core assets.  Doty adds that, 'frankly', DYN assigned zero economic value to non-core businesses in their valuation model.  They bracketed the maximum expected exposure from the non-core assets/businesses and left it at that.
Watson mentions that DYN would not have gotten involved with Enron had they not been approached by 'Enron's top three executives', who said that they thought a combination with Dynegy made the most strategic sense for both companies.  Says that their approach evidenced a  willingness to work with DYN to integrate the two companies that made a big difference in Dynegy's deliberations on proceeding with the merger.
Watson/Doty said that they're NOT 100% sure that no surprises remain in Enron's books--but that the risk/reward offered by the combination was compelling. 
The deal does have material-adverse-change outs for Dynegy, covering any MAC regarding Enron's assets or businesses.  Dynegy's lawyers indicated that the MAC language was a 'blunt instrument' under which it would be difficult to bring a case, so Dynegy inserted a specific paragraph that gives Dynegy the right to terminate the merger if the Enron's total legal liability (from any source or cause of action) tops $3.5Bn prior to closing.
McMahon adds that there 'could' be more restatements, but he 'does not expect' there to be more restatements.
ENE international hard assets definitely on the asset disposition list.
The merger structure calls for a new entity to take over Enron.
Enron is planning to hold an Enron-specific conference call in the next few days, tentatively scheduled for Wednesday.
Initial reaction of ratings agencies 'very positive' to combined entities McMahon acknowledges that Enron would have had to have an additional equity infusion prior to year-end, had the merger not materialized.
Dynegy's earnings guidance places Enron-related earnings accretion at $0.90-0.95, which represents a '25% haircut' to Enron internal estimates.  Doty says that this is all operating earnings--figure does not include any amounts from expected synergies.
Doty says that both Enron and Dynegy's books, as far as he understands, are relatively short-term in weight, and this will continue to be the weighting of the new entity.  Says a 'very very substantial' portion of future trading earnings will be expected to be cash.
ChevronTexaco's investment in Dynegy was calculated at a 5% discount to public prices on the date of negotiation (not disclosed).  Given the runup in Dynegy stock last week, ChevronTexaco's investment is now at a 'more substantial' discount to market prices.  ChevronTexaco has provision to get 'different prices at closing if those prices are substantially better'.  (No further clarification given).
Whalley believes that 'we'll retain' the Enron traders and marketers. They're used to being part of a winning team, and the combined entity will definitely be a winner.  They have talked with most of the Enron business leaders, and they are 'very excited' by the combination.  They will be working with the Enron business leaders to ensure talent is retained.  Whalley was asked if there will be any key employee retention provisions.  He says that 'to the extent necessary, yes.'
Watson says that the trading strategy of the combined entity will be a combination of DYN and ENE--there will be more of an asset-backed trading focus, but by the same token the new Dynegy will be involved in much more financial market-making trading than the Dynegy of today.
Watson says that if there were to be any change in culture, he's a strong team player.  He does not want to see an individual do well if the company or division does not do well.
Give me a call if you'd like me to try to clarify any of these comments.
Patrick Tucker
x3-3055
Jim,
Do you remember Rob Lloyd?  He know works at AIM Funds here in town.  Please read the piece below - I think it is well written and summarizes our sad situation succinctly.
, Jean
Jean, 
Thought you'd find this interesting.  It's an excerpt from an analyst's note
out this AM.
A Perspective: R.I.P. Enron:
It took sixteen years to build Enron into a $63 billion asset powerhouse,
but only 24 days for it to disintegrate.
The fatal flaw was the aggressive accounting and leveraging done in various
off balance sheet partnerships (Special Purpose Entities), which apparently
became too aggressive to fully disclose. Wall Street had no idea of their holdings,
their leverage or their derivative exposures. The SPEs mutated into
something beyond the pale, becoming a company within a company. This evidently began
30 months ago when the new management regime (Skilling, Fastow, et al)
sanctioned their evolution. Make no mistake: they were cleverly contrived. They
involved conventional asset & debt transfers off the books, coupled with fair value
(asset mark-to-market) accounting and synthetic equity financing. This
allowed for considerable earnings management and the appearance of cost-free equity.
If nothing else, they now appear in hindsight to have been vanity deals: very
New Economy, very Virtual and very aggressive. But no clients ever complained,
to our knowledge. Yet ENE clearly crossed the GAAP reporting lines, as the
latest 8-K attests, and the dual role of the CFO (sitting on both sides of the
table in the LJM transactions), profiting highly in the process, created in the LJM
partnership natural conflicts of interest now being investigated by the SEC.
Because of this elementary mistake in any seasoned judgment, which passed
muster at every level, the most successful energy company of the 90s was vaporized
in the marketplace. The main thing that brought ENE down was hubris. It had
used up all of its credibility when the partnerships were brought to light. If these
were fully revealed two years ago, a collapse would have been very unlikely.
Rob Lloyd
AIM Management
713-214-4355