1. The University of Texas
2. Arizona State
3. UCLA
4. University of Florida
5. University of Arizona
6. Florida State
7. University of Alabama
8. University of Colorado
9. East Carolina
10. University of Georgia
Do You Yahoo!?
Yahoo! Shopping -  Thousands of Stores. Millions of Products. 
Any day next week except Monday or Thursday is good for me.
Ted.Beatty@dynegy.com@dynegy.com on 12/07/2000 09:39:14 AM
I was wondering if you guys wanted to go to lunch sometime next week?
Jim, please send this to anyone else who might be interested.
-Ted
Not sure how I got your e-mail at v.charlie.weldon@ but my username 
is v.charles.weldon@
I would recommend selling Intel today. It is up with the market this morning 
even after a bad announcement.  The fundamentals for anything PC related 
going forward are the worse they have been in 5 years or more. 
I want the same as I currently have.  All I need is a page refill for 2001.
Thanks,
Charlie
The best summary of what is going on here that I have read recently:
Vikas Dwivedi@
12/08/2000 12:58 PM
Hi guys,
Please treat this as strictly confidential
Please take action ASAP
As you all know, the Enron Associate 2001 offers haven't been very popular 
among MBAs. Given the fact that December is decisions month and that, given 
the company growth, we cannot afford lose a new breed of highly qualified 
people, the following has been decided:
Present a proposal to Jeff Skilling today in order to improve the current 
offers. The proposal will be presented this afternoon, after two 
Associates-Skilling-HR interactions (in which Skilling expressed more than 
once his concern about Enron offers being so low compared to the market 
...I-Banks, Consulting firms).
Select one alumni per B-School represented in the 2000 Associate Class, you!
Authorize those representatives to send a standard e-mail (text provided 
below) to the candidates who got offers in their respective B-Schools, in 
order to gain some time until the official HR communication (hopefully caring 
good news) is submitted.
The standard e-mail should read EXACTLY as follows (we are not authorized to 
change or add anything):
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
To MBA students considering joining the Enron Associate Program,
I wanted to send you a quick note to let you know that a proposal to change 
the Associate compensation package has recently been presented to Jeff 
Skilling.  A decision concerning the recommended change is expected in the 
next few days.  More information will be provided as soon as possible.  Have 
a nice weekend!
,
Representative Signature
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
We are asking you to the send the e-mail under your name because we want this 
notification to be informal. We have the authorization to do it this way.
In case you are contacted by any candidate, the offical position should be 
consistent with the one in the e-mail: a decision is expected very soon, we 
will let you know asap.
Please bcc me when you send the message, since it is important to keep track 
about which B-School candidates have been notified.
Thanks a lot for your help and quick response,
Roberto Conterno
David Haug@_DEVELOPMENT
10/30/2000 06:03 PM
Here is how the UT candidates fared at Super Saturday. 9 of 17 got offers others are coming to future Super Saturdays). This result is obviously 
disappointing - - -  65% of  the 55 students from all schools got offers.   I 
will be getting more info on why the other 8 were not well received.  If 
anyone thinks a manifest injustice or mistake has occurred let me know Ditto if you think anyone's prior background makes them a candidate for a 
direct hire - - -i.e., not in the associate program.
On the "yeses", please let me know who you would like to follow up on 
and encourage to accept.  We will try to do this by volunteers: more than one 
per student is OK, and each of you should select one or two. When you talk to 
them, get their feedback on Super Saturday and the whole process. If anyone 
wants to call any of the "no's", to commisserate, that's OK too. - - -DLH
Jim,
Are you going to invite the others?
Charlie
David.Luppino@dynegy.com@dynegy.com on 12/11/2000 08:51:41 AM
Sounds good.
Theodore J Beatty
12/11/2000 08:50 AM
Sent by:  Ted Beatty
Let's do lunch on Tuesday at 11:30.  Meet at the colored neon light area of
Allen Center food court on the tunnel level.
Reply back if this is ok for everyone.  I will send out a final email if
needed.
-Ted
I saw that too.  I agree on Ferguson but I think Toombs will have to show 
that he can play with all his heart  (and ass) every week.  He could be a 
Bettis type back if he stays committed.
In case you haev not heard, we are likely to have an ice storm here tomorow.
I would call this the Arctic Express.
I think Fergie will stay unless his grades knock him out.  In that case, I 
would say he is a third rounder or so, which ain't bad for 10 games in Div 
1-a!
ENE - 77!
I agree.  Even the best of accounting maneuvers will not be able to hide the 
fact that (if) EBS is not fundamentally successful.
So the question is, is there a way to go long ENE and short EBS?  Probably 
not, but if there were a surrogate for EBS, the trade might work in most 
scenarios.  How about shorting a long-term broadband contract?
That's the irony
Shirley,
I am scheduled to take vacation on December 22, 27, 28, and 29 
Thanks,
Charlie
Not sure?
I am writing to inform you that the deadline for your offer of employment 
from Enron has been extended until January 2, 2001.    More information will 
follow between now and then.   If you have any questions regarding this 
extension, please call me at 1-800-97ENRON (extension 57229) or Kristin Gandy 
at extension 53214.
Thank You,
Charlie Weldon
Per Shelly Jones, I sent this note to all UT MBA's that received offers for 
Associate positions.
I am writing to inform you that the deadline for your offer of employment 
from Enron has been extended until January 2, 2001.    More information will 
follow between now and then.   If you have any questions regarding this 
extension, please call me at 1-800-97ENRON (extension 57229) or Kristin Gandy 
at extension 53214.
Thank You,
Charlie Weldon
Dr. Wilkens,
Thank you for your time and advice.  I would appreciate if you would be able 
to provide me with contact information for Dr. Jim Jones at the University of 
Florida as well as Dr. Joe Ritchie, per your offer to do so.
Thanks again,
Charlie Weldon
Bill,
I enjoyed talking with you about our potential software needs.  It sounds 
like you may have something to offer in which we are interested, and we are 
looking forward to a visit from you or one of your representatives in early 
January.   If you want to contact me, I can be reached at 713-345-7229 or by 
reply to this E-mail.
Thank You,
Charlie Weldon
Ouch!
Thank You!
Tomorrow's another day.  Looks like I bought ARBA at the top 
Todd,
Thanks for the info.  I may need some help decoding the info so we can get 
exact durations for warnings.  However, I think we should wait until we get a 
genuine expression of interest from a counterparty before we spend any more 
time on this.   It's definitely good that we have this data though should we 
need it.   Pre-1963 is probably not necessary at this time.
Thanks,
Charlie
Dave,
Just wondering if you have had a chance to consider these new risk management 
tools we are considering.
Thanks!
Charlie Weldon
Enron Corp - Houston
Dave,
Thanks for taking time to talk with me the other day.   To recap what I was
asking you to consider, we at  Enron currently have two different weather
derivative products under development that we believe could be of interest
to Dupont.   One of the products involves protection against
hurricane-related production disruptions.  The exact form of the product
could vary but would generally provide for coverage against lost revenues
due to hurricane warnings or general proximity of hurricanes near the
coastline.  We would be able to structure this offer with maximum
flexibility with regard to category of hurricane, level of coverage, exact
proximity, and pricing (swaps or options).
The other product line we are considering is a drought-related product that
keys off of low riverflow values on various river basins in Texas.   We
believe that the Guadalupe River in particular is susceptible to extremely
low riverflow values that could potentially result in production
disruptions to the downstream chemical industry that relies on the river to
meet cooling needs.  A review of 50 years of riverflow data (from the US
geological survey) suggests that if a drought of the magnitude of the one
in the 1950's were to reoccur, there is potential for multiple prolonged
production disruptions to many of the large chemical plants on this river,
including the Victoria Dupont plant.   The exact form of coverage offerred
would again depend on your specific needs.
Both of these products are in a stage that we need to determine whether or
not there is sufficient market interest to warrant further development.
Your feedback on whether or not these products might be of any interest to
you would be greatly appreciated.
On one other note, you mentioned that the agricultural business of Dupont
was considering some rainfall derivative contracts for hedging purposes.
We are very interested in discussing your needs versus our capabilities
with regard to this type of product.   Our marketing contact for this
subject is Valter Stoiani and he can be contacted by phone at 713-853-6906
or by E-mail at valter.stoiani@.
Thanks again,
Charlie Weldon
Enron Corp - Houston
713-345-7229
Kristin,
The software has arrived.  I have not had a chance to check it out yet but 
will do so ASAP.  I've been gone for the last 4 working days.
Charlie
n+sgp+bmy&d=v1
try this link for the "official" view on the economy and future Fed actions 
from Enron's chief economist:  (It's a bit different than most)
Most useful buttons for you will be "Executive Summary" and "Cold Air Alert"
I watched the whole game and was extremely impressed with Benson.   He 
definitely got good blocking but he showed power, speed, balance, vision.  I 
believe only an injury will prevent him from having massive success.  His 
interview after the game showed me that he's pretty mature also.  I'll take 
over 800 yds next year if you take under.
He sounded reasonably intelligent but nothing to get too excited about.  I'll 
be shocked if he gets redshirted regardless of how good Hayter is.  BEnson is 
the 4th all-time rusher in texas history having just passed the great Robert 
Strait from Cuero (85-88) and almost passing Rodney Thomas.  Those guys don't 
get redshirted.
I'm befuddled about the O-line numbers.  Ya'll got this kid Winston this 
weekend over us even though we have only one OL commit and need 4 or so Slocum  has got to close the deal on a few more of these top recruits or we 
are doomed.  2 of the top 3 linemen are still available and we've got a 
reasonable shot at them but Hightower (#1) still says he's going to visit and 
consider Texas.  Amazing 
Any comments 
Kristin Gandy@
12/18/2000 11:36 AM
Hello UT Candidates,
As most of you have already heard unfortunately Becky Bruce is no longer with 
Enron.  My name is Kristin Gandy and I will be taken over recruiting for UT I wanted to send you a quick email to let you know about some changes we are 
making.
Attached please find a document with information containing Enron's offer 
letter revisions.  Have a wonderful holiday season and I hope to hear from 
you soon.
Please contact me at 713-345-3214 if you have any questions.
Thank you,
Kristin Gandy
Associate Recruiter
I've got SLR and FLEX in this group and maybe that's a good thing....we'll see
Kristin Gandy@
12/18/2000 11:36 AM
Hello UT Candidates,
As most of you have already heard unfortunately Becky Bruce is no longer with 
Enron.  My name is Kristin Gandy and I will be taken over recruiting for UT I wanted to send you a quick email to let you know about some changes we are 
making.
Attached please find a document with information containing Enron's offer 
letter revisions.  Have a wonderful holiday season and I hope to hear from 
you soon.
Please contact me at 713-345-3214 if you have any questions.
Thank you,
Kristin Gandy
Associate Recruiter
David Haug@_DEVELOPMENT
10/30/2000 06:03 PM
Here is how the UT candidates fared at Super Saturday. 9 of 17 got offers others are coming to future Super Saturdays). This result is obviously 
disappointing - - -  65% of  the 55 students from all schools got offers.   I 
will be getting more info on why the other 8 were not well received.  If 
anyone thinks a manifest injustice or mistake has occurred let me know Ditto if you think anyone's prior background makes them a candidate for a 
direct hire - - -i.e., not in the associate program.
On the "yeses", please let me know who you would like to follow up on 
and encourage to accept.  We will try to do this by volunteers: more than one 
per student is OK, and each of you should select one or two. When you talk to 
them, get their feedback on Super Saturday and the whole process. If anyone 
wants to call any of the "no's", to commisserate, that's OK too. - - -DLH
Jonathan,
Hope you had a good Thanksgiving weekend.  I'd like to catch up with you 
today if possible regarding recruiting etc.  Can I reach you by phone.  If 
so, where?
You can call me toll free at 1-800-97-ENRON and follow the menu.   My 
extension is X57229 or you can use the voice activated system.
Thanks,
Charlie
Gary,
Just a reminder concerning follow-up with The Weather Channel and Energizer 
Holdings regarding potential hurricane derivatives.
Additionally, I found the following link which describes Ray-O-Vac's recent 
earnings warning.  Among other things, they mention that they had tough 
comparisons due to an active storm season the year before.  I believe they 
are referencing hurricanes and represent another potential opportunity in my 
opinion.
One more thing, as I mentioned in our conversation, I believe that The 
Weather Channel is an ideal candidate for approaching concerning hedging 
against a lack of extreme weather of all kinds.  I know that they are 
financially "not doing so well" at present due in some part to a lack of 
hurricane activity and are now enjoying great ratings due to the extreme 
cold.  They may be a hard sell but they are as purely exposed as anyone and 
should be worth the effort, especially after the recent story they did on us.
Please let me know how I may be of assistance.
Thanks,
Charlie
This is an excerpt from an internal Weather Channel (Landmark Communications) 
newsletter 
BLIZZARDS PRODUCE HIGH RATINGS FOR WEATHER CHANNEL, RECORD PAGE VIEWS
More people turned to The Weather Channel instead of their local TV
affiliates to get news about this week's blizzards in Chicago and Detroit,
and nearly 25 million viewers - a record - went to  weather.com to follow
the storms.
In a survey by Survey USA, 25 percent of TV viewers said they found
out about the blizzard from The Weather Channel, compared with 17 percent
who watched their local NBC affiliate station, and 12 percent who tuned into
a local radio station for news. TWC also was the winner - at 30 percent -
with those who said the weather network did the best job of covering the
storm. Another 16 percent said their NBC affiliate did the best job, and 13
percent said Chicago and Detroit CBS affiliates were tops.
A record number of pageviews - 24.6 million - were recorded at
weather.com. TWC produced a 6 a.m. to 12 p.m. rating of 0.751 on Monday,
delivering an average of 586,000 households. This performance is well over
twice the average December monthly rating to date.
Kansas City and St. Louis recorded the highest metered market
ratings during the blizzard, followed by Detroit. The Chicago rating also
was within the top 10.
Keep trying.  We are definitely interested.  How much does a pair of tickets 
to an inaugural ball run?
In the case of the Texas Society Ball, it would be cheaper to join for $20 
and buy the tickets for $125.   This does sound like a good one to go to 
based on the Website but sounds like we are out of luck there.  I imagine 
(hope) that the other balls are comparable.
I found several airline quotes for ~$250 as you indicated. 
If we can't get Wilkerson, Hightower (both Top 5 nationally) and a decommit 
or two from Texas or somebody based on this news then our coaches are 
indeed pathetic salesmen. These guys can come in and start as redshirt frosh 
if not play as true freshmen, even though RC likes to redshirt all OL'men.
We've got a 2-deep OL lineup for next year but I question the quality as only 
a few were legit blue-chips and I like the odds of getting bluechips versus 
sleepers.  I think we'll get one of the 2 studs and maybe both.  The main 
concern is that our primary weakness in the past few years has been a lack of 
dominate line play.  We've got the skill guys, DB's and LB's.
Slightly different subject,  check this link out.  Kiper seems to indicate 
that you must be a 3rd year soph or a junior to enter the draft.  Is this 
true?
Does it mean rising junior or completed junior?  Implications for Roy W. 
and UT?
I'm taking 4 hours vacation today and have updated my previous timesheet to 
reflect this.  Please see attached.
Name          : V. Charles Weldon (Charlie) 
E-mail         : v.charles.weldon@
Title          : Associate Phone          : 57229 (current)
Location       : 31st Floor
Department     : Natural Gas Structuring
Ed,
Here's the link to the gas fundamentals website that I mentioned.  It has a 
wealth of information on it, some of which the group can hopefully utilize.
(Use the 
dropdown box on the homepage to begin navigating to different areas)
Charlie
Had a great time this weekend.  I'm sure glad that Travis got another good 
buck under his belt.  I think he is now ready to move it up a notch on the 
next deer and if everything stays good at the ranch then it should be pretty 
possible next year.
I was also wondering if you and Mama talked about paying Melissa for her 
painting.  Mama mentioned to Melissa that she "owed" her but nothing more 
than that.  She worked for no less than 20 hours and was disappointed that 
she would not be able to do the rest of the house as we really need the 
money.  Our negative checking balance needs some injection of cash and 
Melissa had hoped to use the money to buy a few things for Christmas this 
week as well.   If you haven't already, I'm sure that you can broach the 
subject with Mama without letting her know that I asked.
Anyway,  Melissa really wanted to be able to paint more and is upset that she 
wasn't able to "prove" to Mama that she is willing and able to work hard She still gets those not so subtle jabs all the time from Mama about not 
working outside the home.  For the record, she busts her ass keeping our 
house clean, clothes washed and ironed, meals cooked, and doing lots of 
things to make sure we have a happy, healthy, and well adjusted son.   If 
there is a way (later) that you can subtly encourage Mama to hold back on 
these jabs when we next visit, it will go a long way toward ensuring a good 
Christmas for everyone.
Anyway, definitely keep all of this confidential between me and you.  There 
is no major problem here but I wanted to check off with you on this so we can 
help keep everything going smooth and folks getting along.   I'm sure you see 
my point of view here.
Thanks!
Charlie 
Judy,
Thanks for the info.  I hope you had a good holiday season.  I regret to=20
inform you that I will be unable to continue in my participation in JA.  I=20
have transitioned to a new role at Enron that will not accomodate the=20
schedule neccesary to effectively serve as a JA volunteer.    I  take my=20
commitments very seriously so my inability to fulfill this obligation is not=20
something I am totally comfortable with.  However, upon reviewing the=20
situation I realize that this decision is necessary.
Thank you for your help and energy and I wish you all the luck with the kids=20
and the program.  What you do is truly making a positive difference in many=20
of these kids' futures.
Charlie Weldon
Judith Wirzberg  
Just wanted to let you know that we will not be having any JA meetings
at Cy-Fair High School until about mid-January.  Paper work will
probably be returned to me hopefully around then and we will probably
start up our meetings again around January 15th or the 22nd.  I will be
sure and send you a meeting before then.
Also, we have been asked to do the Aquatic Gardens centerpieces for the
Texas Society of CPA's gala.  It is being held on January 30th at the
Hyatt Regency Downtown.  They have asked that we have everything set-up
no later than 5:00 p.m. that day.  I am in the process of trying to get
the vases possibly shipped to us direct from the manufacturer.  I have
also contacted a fish store about getting the Bettas than we will be
needing.
Is it possible that you might be able to get us a guest speaker to come
to the school in late January or early February?  In the past, we have
had some one from Human Resources, a marketing person and also an IS
person come out and talk to the students.  Please let me know.
Judy Wirzberg
--
BM8h=0F!
- wirzbergj.vcf
Oh yeah.  Did you go to lunch with Juan Verde?
test
t
Not gonna happen.  Offer up 5 total all in sign on, plus they guaranteed the 
same y-e that we have. where before it was not detailed.
No, did you?
Hard to believe that its' still falling after today's news:
HOUSTON, Jan. 4 /PRNewswire/ -- Dynegy Inc. (NYSE: DYN - news) today 
announced that the company will significantly exceed previously forecasted
fourth quarter recurring earnings of $0.22 to $0.25 per share. In addition, 
the company also reaffirmed that it is comfortable with the upper range of 
current 
estimates for 2001, which will represent an increase over 2000 of about 30 
percent.
I will not be able to attend.  Thanks, Charlie
FYI - Attached is a quote from a recent TWC memo that should be of interest 
given our recent conversations 
Charlie
"December's winter weather events, coupled with early wintry weather in
October and November, boosted the network to an all-time high 4th quarter
rating, despite comparatively lower averages early in the quarter due to
quieter than usual hurricane activity."
This is a section from an internal TWC memorandum - it looks like Q4 might 
make up for the quiet tropical season as far as their profits are concerned 
WEATHER CHANNEL EARNS HIGHEST RATINGS FOR ANY DECEMBER IN ITS HISTORY
Coverage of last month's "Winter Blitz"  brought The Weather Channel the
highest ratings for any December in its 18-year history and shattered
weather.com's previous December page view records. December 2000 was the
third highest-rated month ever. The Blizzard of '96 gave TWC its highest
ratings, followed by Hurricane Floyd in September 1999.
Among the many recording-breaking weather events reported by TWC last month
were the snowiest weather ever in at least 12 cities and the coldest weather
on record in many places, including Louisville, Ky.
December's winter weather events, coupled with early wintry weather in
October and November, boosted the network to an all-time high 4th quarter
rating, despite comparatively lower averages early in the quarter due to
quieter than usual hurricane activity.
TWC's coverage of the year-end Nor'easter that blanketed New York City with
over a foot of snow achieved a 0.870 rating, delivering 679,000 households
across the country on Saturday, December 30 (6 a.m.-6 a.m.).  The top
quarter hour occurred at 10 a.m. with a rating of 2.279 reaching 1.8 million
households.  The weekend rating for Dec. 30-31 was 0.753,  representing over
a half million households tuned in at any given time, according to Nielsen
data.  This was the second highest-rated weekend in 2000 and the sixth
highest-rated weekend in TWC's history.
Consumers also turned to weather.com in record numbers. By the close of
December, weather.com delivered more than 429 million total page views,
which is 67 percent higher than the previous monthly record, and 232 percent
higher than December 1999.  At its peak, weather.com delivered a record 27.8
million page views in a single day.  More than 1.3 million Unique Visitors
frequented weather.com  per day during the two weeks prior to Christmas,
according to Media Metrix.
The average TWC rating (6 a.m.-6 a.m.) from Dec.16-31 was 0.598, delivering
an average of 464,000 households, according to Nielsen. This was 85 percent
higher than the average rating for the same two-week period the year before.
The Weather Channel's coverage of sustained winter activity, which included
a Chicago blizzard on Dec. 10-11, brought the network its highest-rated
December ever.  TWC achieved a December rating of 0.462 (6 a.m.-6 a.m delivering an average of 360,000 households.
Steve
did you do it?
I will be there.
Thanks,
Charlie Weldon
Remi,
Thank you very much for your obvious interest and commitment to doing a high 
quality job in your PRC representative role.  Per your request, I am 
attaching my resume and a brief outline of my contributions during the last 
few months. 
I am currently in my first rotation as an Associate which I  began this past 
summer following graduation from UT with an MBA in Energy Finance.   I am 
assigned to Vince Kaminski's Research Group on the Market Fundamentals Team This team is commonly referred to as the "Weather Group" and is headed by my 
supervisor, Mike Roberts.  We are located on the gas trading floor (32nd) and 
provide direct support to all the gas desks as well as weather derivatives 
trading.
Thanks again for your interest and I am looking forward to meeting you Please let me know if you need any additional information.
Sincerely,
Charlie Weldon
Remi Collonges@
11/22/2000 04:30 PM
Dear all,
I believe that I will be your global PRC Representative on the 12th/13th of 
December.  For those who don't know me, I'm currently VP Trading & Risk 
Management in our S?o Paulo office, dealing with power and gas.  I'm very 
glad to be one of the reps in PRC, despite the work involved, because I truly 
believe that the best assets of our company are its employees.  I want to do 
my best to represent you fairly and actively.
In order to facilitate my task, I would really appreciate that all of you 
forward to me, by email:
1. a list of your accomplishments in year 2000 (should be not more than 10 to 
12 bullet points, telegraphic style)
2. a decently recent resume, that shows your school, previous work experience 
and start date at Enron.
3. a list of all of your rotations at Enron since hired.
4. In addition, I commit to call your supervisor as listed in PEP system to 
discuss your performance
5. I would also like to meet all of you before PRC meetings: I believe that 
you are either based in South America or in Houston (if that was not the 
case, please let me know by email, we'll speak on the phone).  For those 
based in S?o Paulo, call me and visit at our mutual convenience during the 
week of 4 to 8 December.  For those based in Houston, please call Samira (her 
phone is (55) 11 5503 1200) and schedule a half-hour meeting with me on 
Monday December 11, if you are in town.  I will be in Houston and should stay 
in 3AC1439 (or not far from there).  If you are based in Houston but out of 
town the 11th, let me know in advance, I'll speak to you on the phone.
I hope we'll run this process smoothly.  I look forward to meeting all of you,
Remi
Why don't you buy deep in the money put options?  They will have a high delta 
and hence move almost dollar for dollar with the stock.
Check out NOK Feb 55 puts, NZYMK.X  They are up 4-5/8 while NOK is down  
4-5/8.  2932 contracts out wth 24 traded today so liquidity shouild be OK.
Buy 400 ERICY for ~$4000 and one NOK put contract of NZYMK.x.  That should 
give you a delta on NOK equiv to shorting $4000 of the stock.
Did I figure this right?
sounds somewhat believable.  I can imagine the frenzy on the discussion 
boards if that got out.  I won't be the one to put it out there.
i think one more year and then its done.  Would the motivation for the Aggie 
AD to work really be only money?
Sunbeam (generator division) is also very pro-hurricane
Folks,
This note is intended to update all who may be concerned on our progress 
toward developing a commercial hurricane warning derivative product or line 
of products 
It is clear that numerous entities have underlying exposures to hurricane 
warning frequency and/or duration.  It is our objective to develop derivative 
products that will enable these entities to effectively hedge this 
exposure.   We have generated a partial brainstorm-style list of whom natural 
counterparties might be according to their underlying exposure:
Pro-Hurricane     Anti-Hurricane
The Weather Channel    Resorts
Home Depot     Cruise Ships Lowes      Riverboat Casinos
CNN      Chemical Plants and Refineries
Local TV Stations    U.S Armed Forces
Dry Ice Manufacturers    Athletic Teams
Chainsaw Manufacturers   City Governments
Insect Repellant Manufacturers   State Governments
It is obvious that there are numerous naturally offsetting parties but it is 
important to note that the pro-hurricane entities are more macro in nature 
while the anti-hurricane entities are typically more regional.  Thus, we have 
documented the frequency and duration data by regional location with the 
thought that the anti-hurricane entities would be interested in regional 
products and the pro-hurricane entities would likely be more interested in 
bundled regional products depending on their exposure.
Thus far, we have collected and documented all U.S hurricane warning data 
from 1980-2000 in the form of an Excel database.  The data can be sorted by 
year, storm, or location on the U.S coastline.  Total hurricane warning 
duration as well as number of discrete hurricane warnings are the primary 
data sets of interest for any given location (or year or storm).  The U.S 
coast has been divided into 11 different geographic regions of roughly 
similar size.  These regions are: New England, Mid-Atlantic, Virginia, North 
Carolina, Georgia/South Carolina, East Florida, West Florida, Florida 
Panhandle, Orleans/Miss/Bama, Lousiana, and Texas.
While this data set may not yet be sufficient for price modeling purposes, it 
has confirmed our expectation that hurricane warning frequency and duration 
is quite volatile and unpredictable.   It is believed that this volaility, 
when graphically depicted and mathematically represented, could be used to 
effectively demonstrate to would-be customers the impact of hurricane warning 
frequency on their business financials.  In many cases, businesses may be 
well aware of their exposure but may not have quantified it and certainly 
probably felt as if this was a risk they would have to wear themselves.
As we move forward on the modeling front, the data will certainly need to be 
scrutinized to correct for any skewing factors such as political trends, 
satellite availability, population trends, etc.   Additionally, we need to go 
further back in time so long as the accuracy doesn't decline.
On the marketing front, I am certainly open to ideas.  It is believed the 
Weather Channel would be the most natural party for such a product.  Given 
our positive relationship that we currently have with them, they might be the 
easiest sell.     Any and all ideas are welcome with regard to how and when 
we should approach customers.
Please respond with any questions, comments or concerns on this project.
Thanks,
Charlie