Jeff Dasovich: please forward any specifics on the demand buy down proposal
and anything else that you think might be helpful background for Laura.
Jean has responded to Rick and I.  She doesn't feel that she has room in her 
budget to pick up a partial headcount.
Elyse Kalmans
02/08/2001 03:59 PM
Cindy and Steve:  Please see Kathy Mayfield's split responsibility proposal She initially discussed it with Jean Ryall at the beginning of January just 
prior to the start of the legislative session.  Unfortunately, Jean has not 
responded to Kathy's numerous inquiries.  As you can see, Community Relations 
can use Kathy for United Way, but that will account for only 40% of her time, 
with 60% designated for legislative/economic development activities under 
Jean.  Please let me know your thoughts on how to proceed.  I am nervous 
about a full-time role for Kathy should Jean not be interested in supporting 
these activities and want to make sure that her talents are optimized for 
Enron.
Elyse
Elyse, these are the dates that I communicated to Jean--just fyi.  Thanks, 
Kathy
Met w/ Jean Ryall on Jan. 5
Sent proposal to Jean on Jan. 16
Follow-up email to Steve on Jan. 29
Follow-up email to Jean on Jan. 31
Numerous phone calls to Jean with no return calls  (actually, she called late 
one night before the Inauguaration, but no response since then)
do not circulate; fyi
WGramm@aol.com
02/14/2001 07:58 AM
Hi Steve, 
Folks love Newsome, and I think he's very nice and appears to be very 
free market.  Spears, the other Republican appointee is not at all free 
market, in my view.  I would not like this to mentioned anywhere else, but I 
have found that the farm reps on the Commission may sound deregulatory but 
are not, and have been really troublesome without a good free market person 
on board.  And there are no truly free market persons on  board at the 
Commission (every single other agricultural rep that I worked with on the 
Commission were trouble, even though they claimed to be deregulatory -- and 
they were far worse before I got there and after I left     I visited with Newsome a day before Inauguration, and I was appalled at 
what they were planning to do concerning agency structure -- that would have 
elevated the regulatory lawyers and diminished the role of the economists at 
the agency.  Misguided and showed to me a lack of understanding of how 
organizational structures can affect what comes out of an agency     I am often at odds with "the industry view" regarding CFTC issues.  I 
don't think the futures exchanges, who have a lot of power, necessarily are 
pro-competition; and many of the non-exchange folks who lobby on CFTC issues 
are Washington or New York (Democrat - which is why they want to involve Ken 
at this level) lawyers who do not understand markets and who are more 
interested in being able to claim influence or impact.  The CFTC is in awful 
shape -- the quality of staff is horrendous, and the Commission is relying on 
some of the worst people for their policy work (same folks that Brooksley 
Born used, same folks who have advocated more regulation of the OTC market 
for years).  Many quality folks do not want the job as Chairman because it's 
been such a backwater.  I am looking for some good folks.  Have  at least one 
person who would be good at that job.  And it's not Newsome.  Please do not 
share this information with the usual folks, as they hate me anyway (I'm too 
free market and have argued against their "fixes").  Sorry for this scathing 
review, but this is an important appointment.  Wendy
Ken has talked about EES willingness to invest this money in demand side 
management, if the right program were set up -- eg a demand buydown program.
Leslie Lawner
02/13/2001 06:53 PM
Apparently there are rumors that Ken Lay promised to make some kind of 
investment in California when he was talking to folks in the state ($300 
million in DSM?)  Do any of you know what this commitment might be?  Sandy 
needs to be filled in on this.  Let me know as soon as you can.
STEVE KEAN
Executive Committee Weekly Meeting
Date:  Tuesday, February 20th
Time:  11:00 a.m. (CDT)
Location: 50th Floor Boardroom
Video:  Connections will be established with remote locations upon request.
Conf call: AT&T lines have been reserved.  Please contact Sherri Sera 
(713/853-5984) 
or Bill Dorsey (713/646-6505) for the weekly dial-in number and passcode.
Please indicate below whether or not you plan to attend this meeting and 
through what medium. 
Yes, I will attend in person ___X____
By video conference from _______
By conference call  _______
No, I will not attend  _______
Please return this e-mail to me with your response by 12:00 p.m., Friday, 
February 16th.
Thank you, 
Bill Dorsey.
I concur
John Ambler@_DEVELOPMENT
02/12/2001 09:32 AM
Steve,
Actually, EOL and other units of Enron have declined to participate and 
specifically asked not to be included in the press release.  Confidentially, 
this is a case of a developer overselling use of the Enron name for 
approximately $5 million equity stake.  We have caught him in many half 
truths and are uncomfortable going too far with this since we might get be 
placed in an awkward position.  Because of EOL and our own concerns, we 
intentionally toned it down.  I believe, in fact, that it is just another 
platform as well as an investment.  Consequently, we would prefer to keep 
this to the minimum of allowing them to issue a press release as included in 
the contract.  Your concurrence would be appreciated.  I am available, if you 
wish to discuss this further.
John
Looks fine as far as it goes ... but don't we want to explain how this fits 
in to our strategy?  Is it just another platform for us to bring our products 
and prices to the market?  We have said with respect to EOL that the 
transaction is the goal not the platform.  Do we want to position this the 
same way?  Examples of other press releases include our extension of pricing 
on EOL to the two other platforms (including Houston Street) which we did a 
couple of months ago.
John Ambler@_DEVELOPMENT
02/09/2001 05:35 PM
Enron Global Markets (EGM) has entered into a cooperative agreement with 
Envera, a B2B network for the chemical and petrochemical industry.  As part 
of this agreement  EGM will receive an equity interest in Envera.  The 
contract allows Envera to issue a press release, subject to our approval Attached for your review and comment is the proposed release.  This release 
has been heavily scrubbed.  It is significantly less exposure than in their 
initial proposals.  Your early approval would be appreciated.
John
The agenda I'm trying to put together for the next meeting will include the 
customary presentations from Davies/Lindsay and Kristol as well as the energy 
policy discussion we are looking for from you and Bob.
We will also be updating the council on Enron Networks - - a business unit 
formed to extend Enron's business model to other industries (especially 
commodities or "commoditzable" goods).   Most recently we have extended into 
metals, expanded our presence in paper, and begun an examination of 
agricultural commodities.  I'd like your help in identifying a guest 
participant who may help us think through some of the issues from either (or 
both) of two perspectives:
business strategy:  what markets are candidates for commoditization.  (I have 
asked Gary Hamel to consider this topic as well).
public policy:  as more businesses adopt online business models (like 
exchanges), as more goods are bought and sold like commodities, and as more 
transactions move off the traditional regulated exchanges, how are policy 
makers (SEC, FTC, CFTC and their overseas counterparts) likely to react?
what do you think?
Richard Shapiro
02/12/2001 09:49 AM
Let's discuss.
Rick -- Let's discuss when you have a minute.  Thanks, Lisa
Chris Long
02/12/2001 07:23 AM
Jim Newsome is currently the Interim Chair of the Commodities Futures Trading 
Commission (CFTC).  He was appointed in 1998 to term which expires in June 
2001.  Commissioner Newsome visited Enron in 1999 and will again visit Enron 
to meet with Jeff Skilling (also EnronOnLine executives) on March 6, 2001.
The CFTC has 5 Commissioners.  Commissioners Newsome and Spears are 
Republicans and Commissioners Erickson and Holum are Democrats, with one 
opening.  If Newsome becomes Chair, then there will be two open seats.  If 
Newsome if passed over, there will only be open seat. 
Commissioner Newsome has the support of Majority Trent Lott.  He is well 
liked in industry because of his free market philosophy and belief in 
competition and deregulation.  While not a technical expert, he is a "known 
quantity" at the Commission.  Newsome played a major role in the Commodities 
Futures Modernization Act (CFMA) which became law last Congress.  This law 
brought legal certainty and modernization to the commodity trading 
community.  With Newsome, industry is consulted before regulations are 
issued.  Industry generally believes that Commission Newsome is the right 
candidate to oversee the CFMA rulekmaking which is currently underway.
The other candidate for the position was former North Carolina Senator Lauch 
Faircloth whose nomination was being championed by Senator Phil Gramm 
(R-TX).  We have learned that Faircloth has lost interest, because he would 
have to divest sizeable interest in agriculture holdings.  The concern now is 
that because this is a third tier appointment,  unknown candidates will 
suddenly appear without industry input.  A quick nomination and confirmation 
of Commissioner Newsome as Chairman is recommended by many in the industry.
Do you think it appropriate to have Ken Lay raise this nomination with the 
transition team?
Commisioner Newsome's bio:
For more information on the CFTC:
I am sooooooooooooo proud of you.  More importantly, you should be proud of 
you.
Kean_Margaret  	02/12/2001 10:00 AM
you might not get to this today, but that's  fine, i got a 95 on my mathe 
test!!!!!! and i got the extra credit right  too 
isn't that great!? i love you daddy, have a  great day!
mags
- Clear Day Bkgrd.JPG
meeitng file
Jana Mills@ECT
02/13/2001 10:41 AM
FROM SHIRLEY HUDLER:
Dave, Marty, Richard, Steve and Bill:
Thank you for taking the time this Thursday the 15th to spend time discussing 
the California situation with CalPERS.   The call is scheduled for 11:30 CST 
and will last at least an hour, possibly more 
By way of background, ENE and CalPERS are 50/50 partners in JEDI II - which 
was created in December 1997.  JEDI II is a funding vehicle for Enron's 
energy related merchant investments.  Transactions of note are:  3.9% 
minority equity interest in EES, equity ownership in Quanta, 100% ownership 
of East Coast Power (since sold down to 51%), and participation in a number 
of E&P drilling partnerships and coal investments.  The commitment period was 
set to expire on December 31, 2000 - and was extended to March 31, 2001.   In 
addition, CalPERS invested $40 Million in The New Power Co prior to the 
IPO.   Andy and I are working with CalPERS to amend the current JEDI II 
partnership in order that we continue our successful relationship with 
CalPERS.  The Alternative Investment Management (AIM) staff that we work with 
are very supportive of Enron and we are looking at a number of opportunities 
to put their money to work in our businesses 
CalPERS hasn't provided any specific questions that they want answered.  My 
thoughts on how to structure the call is for Marty to spend some time talking 
about California, Enron's role there and our view of the situation.  Then, 
Richard could address the regulatory status in California.  I would expect 
this to be somewhat of a freeform conference call.  One area we may discuss 
is how Enron and CalPERS can team up on a California initiative.  The AIM 
staff is interested in discussing this particular point 
The following individuals from CalPERS senior staff will be on the call:
Dan Szente, Chief Investment Officer
Robert Aguallo, Chief Operating Officer
Barry Gonder, Senior Investment Officer, AIM
Rick Hayes, Senior Principal Investment Officer, AIM (primary Enron contact)
Mark Anson, Senior Investment Officer, Public Equities
Mary Cottrill, Senior Principal Investment Officer, Public Equities
Lou Jug, Senior Principal Investment Officer, Real Estate
Curtis Ishi, Senior Investment Officer, Fixed Income
Please give me a call if you have any questions.  For those of you here in 
the office,  we will be meeting in 
Marty Sunde's office (EB 889)
Dial:     1-888-380-9636
Host code:  721367 (Shirley only)
Participant code: 699749
Shirley Hudler
Sr. Director
Enron Global Finance
713-853-4859
We move alot of people around Enron.  In fact, on an annual basis, we make 
about 8400 moves (out of a Houston employee base of 11000).  We have found at 
Enron that putting people next to eachother makes things happen: increased 
productivity and communication.  Given our tight office situation in Houston, 
moving people around to make room for new and expanding businesses has caused 
some disruption.  We try to keep it to a minimum and expect it to improve 
later this year when we begin occupying the new building.
Erin Rice
02/13/2001 11:09 AM
Steve:
The following question has been submitted for the upcoming all-employee 
meeting.  Could you provide an answer by noon this Friday?
Thanks.
- er
Has Enron looked at the financial expense as well as the emotional, morale 
and business expenses associated with constantly moving people from one 
location to another in the Enron building?  Maybe we could use these savings 
and redirect them for our bonuses?
Sherri Sera
02/13/2001 11:15 AM
Even though I'm a Bush/Cheney supporter, I had to pass this one along 
George Bush and Dick Cheney are enjoying a celebration dinner at a fancy 
Washington restaurant. Their waitress approaches their table tom take their 
order, and she is GORGEOUS.
She asks Cheney what he wants, and he replies,   "I'll have the heart-healthy 
salad."
"Very good, sir," she replies, and turning to Bush she asks,
"And what do you want, Mr. President?"
Bush answers, "How about a quickie?"
Taken aback, the waitress slaps him and says,   "I'm shocked and disappointed 
in you. I thought you were bringing in a new administration that was 
committed to high principles and  morality. I'm sorry I voted for you."
With that, the waitress departed in a huff. Cheney leans over to Bush,and 
says, "Mr. President, I believe that's pronounced 'quiche'
I am attaching several items that I hope you will find useful when you brief 
Chambers:
A background document (which is a bit dated, but still useful). This is an 
internal document, so I would appreciate it if you would keep it confidential 
(though you are free to use the content in your own messages or documents).
A basic outline of solutions.
A summary of the Governor's recent executive orders. (It's another internal 
analysis.) I think these orders show a better understanding of the problems 
and solutions than we have seen before.  As we discussed on the phone, our 
biggest problem is inertia ... we don't have much time, many solutions have 
long lead times, and the political wheels grind slowly.
Jeff Dasovich: please forward any specifics on the demand buy down proposal 
and anything else that you think might be helpful background for Laura.
Leslie:
I checked with Steve and he would like you to revise it.
Thanks,
Maureen
Leslie Lawner
02/12/2001 11:36 AM
I agree with Mike's comments.  Do you want me to revise, or should Mike -Leslie
(Harry, this is the letter that you said you would circulate)
Steven J Kean
02/11/2001 01:36 PM
MBD  	02/09/2001 03:29 PM
I think the letter is well organized to get our message across that a
comprehensive solution is needed.  The only concern I have is the reference
at the end of the first paragraph to  "the crisis grows daily with no clear
resolution offering long term relief in sight."  In fact we do no have
several bills on demand side management, one by Wright on accelerating
repowering of power plants and allowing incentives for voluntary
conservation, at least a vehicle for utility cost recovery (AB-18X), and a
Bown bill to restore direct access rights compromised by AB-1X.  So I am
concerned that the legislative leadership would take some umbrage at the
notion that we dont see any of what they are doing as offering hope for a
long term solution.  Perhaps we could rephrase it to say that the piecemeal
elements of positive solutions that have been discussed or offered need to
be clarified and blended into a comprehensive proposal which has the
following elements....and then lay out our case.
Sandi, do you agree with my concerns?  Otherwise the elements of the letter
are fine, and track what we are trying to draft in terms of legislative
language.  I will break down the proposals into groups of issues for ease of
review, even though we may later want to consoliate the entire package 
Please call if you have any more questions 
Thanks, 
Mike Day
Mike,
Sandi wanted me to forward a draft letter from Steve Kean to the
Governor and legislature for your review and comment.
Scott
MBD  	02/09/2001 03:29 PM
I think the letter is well organized to get our message across that a
comprehensive solution is needed.  The only concern I have is the reference
at the end of the first paragraph to  "the crisis grows daily with no clear
resolution offering long term relief in sight."  In fact we do no have
several bills on demand side management, one by Wright on accelerating
repowering of power plants and allowing incentives for voluntary
conservation, at least a vehicle for utility cost recovery (AB-18X), and a
Bown bill to restore direct access rights compromised by AB-1X.  So I am
concerned that the legislative leadership would take some umbrage at the
notion that we dont see any of what they are doing as offering hope for a
long term solution.  Perhaps we could rephrase it to say that the piecemeal
elements of positive solutions that have been discussed or offered need to
be clarified and blended into a comprehensive proposal which has the
following elements....and then lay out our case.
Sandi, do you agree with my concerns?  Otherwise the elements of the letter
are fine, and track what we are trying to draft in terms of legislative
language.  I will break down the proposals into groups of issues for ease of
review, even though we may later want to consoliate the entire package 
Please call if you have any more questions 
Thanks, 
Mike Day
Mike,
Sandi wanted me to forward a draft letter from Steve Kean to the
Governor and legislature for your review and comment.
Scott
calendar and meeting file
Jana Mills@ECT
02/09/2001 04:16 PM
Sorry for the confusion. This call will take place at 11:30 am (Houston time).
Thank you
Jana
Jana Mills
02/09/01 02:51 PM
The following numbers are to be used for the conference call mentioned 
above.  A conf room will be designated Monday.
Thurs. Feb. 15th
Dial in :   1-888-380-9636
Host:  721367 (Shirley Hudler only)
Part:   699749
Thanks
Jana
Looks fine as far as it goes ... but don't we want to explain how this fits 
in to our strategy?  Is it just another platform for us to bring our products 
and prices to the market?  We have said with respect to EOL that the 
transaction is the goal not the platform.  Do we want to position this the 
same way?  Examples of other press releases include our extension of pricing 
on EOL to the two other platforms (including Houston Street) which we did a 
couple of months ago.
John Ambler@_DEVELOPMENT
02/09/2001 05:35 PM
Enron Global Markets (EGM) has entered into a cooperative agreement with 
Envera, a B2B network for the chemical and petrochemical industry.  As part 
of this agreement  EGM will receive an equity interest in Envera.  The 
contract allows Envera to issue a press release, subject to our approval Attached for your review and comment is the proposed release.  This release 
has been heavily scrubbed.  It is significantly less exposure than in their 
initial proposals.  Your early approval would be appreciated.
John
I am hoping we can prevail upon you two for your customary, if not always 
cheery, review of macroeconomic trends.
Please let me know.
fyi
Ken Rice@MUNICATIONS
02/08/2001 10:07 PM
I think it would be very cool also and I would be willing to help as long as 
I don't have to spend any time or money.  The best source for this kind of 
help would be Steve Kean and Mark Palmer.
Philippe A Bibi@ECT
02/08/2001 10:34 AM
Ken,
I mentionned to Jeff that it would be cool if we could have a 363 (ENE) area 
code for Houston he thinks its a great idea.
We need to lobby do you have any desire to help?
I know that in the overall scheme of things this is really not important but 
I think that this should be followed up.
Let me know what you think
P.
Philippe,
Here is an outline of the 363 numbering information we talked about, the 
process is very complicated and may need us to set down with the senior 
management to explain how it works and the implications, my suggestion is 
that Ken Rice would be the best one to take it forward, as he understands the 
market and has some profile as the head of a bandwidth / telecoms company
Tony Alvarado is the lead for this one, his extension is 37801 let me know 
how you want to proceed
Great presentation, as always.  I think you should add a brief set of talking 
points:  what are the key messages we want to convey? what, if anything, can 
we ask Martens to do that would allow some progress in the short run?
Maureen: please get this to Ricardo (he's at the EBS offsite this am).
I just read the E-Speak transcript.  I think you did a great job!  I look 
forward to sitting down with you after we have gathered all the feedback from 
the website and other sources.
Please see the attached document.
Here's the revised presentation.
CONFIDENTIAL - DO NOT DISTRIBUTE
Please let Steve Kean know if you have any changes.
corporate policy?
Mark Schroeder@ECT
02/05/2001 05:34 AM
Wolfgang- I am asking Tom Briggs to bottom this out with OFffice of Froeign 
Assets Control, or US State Department Sanctions people, and asking Steve 
Kean is there is any corporate policy regarding purchase of Iraqi oil under 
UN authorised program.   thansk  mcs  Forwarded by Mark 
Schroeder/LON/ECT on 05/02/2001 11:37  
Wolfgang Skribot
05/02/2001 11:09
Mark:
I am looking at a proposal, under which a Russian oil-major would be wishing 
to sell Iraqui crude to us, coming from the UN oil-for-food program. I would 
be interested to learn, whether Enron can purchase crude oil from this 
program (provided that we receive proof that it comes out of the UN program) 
and whether we are willing to do it (corporate policy).
I want to check that out first, before going forward. Next step would be to 
receive a good level of confidence that the offer is genuine, and then I 
would talk to the liquids traders.
,
Wolfgang
thanks.  It amazes me how many people saw C-span ... I thought it was just 
for junkies like us.  I would like to get together in DC.  I don't have a 
date scheduled yet, but I seem to get there every other week or so.
Jim Schultz  	02/05/2001 07:08 AM
Steve,
Caught your performance on C span over the weekend by accident covering the
Senate hearings last Wednesday. You did a great job. I think Sen Murkowski
gets it, but many of the others clearly do not. 
I know it's a little late but wanted to thank you for your informative
comments at our Senior managers meeting last November in California. This
energy situation really has our CEO's attention and we are considering the
formation of a new industrial users coalition to promote sound comprehensive
energy policy. Just users. 
If you're in Washington and have some spare time, which neither of us ever
do, it would be great to have a lunch or something. As you know, we are
active on the hill and at FERC and DOE. On most issues, I am sure our
positions are the same.
Again, thank for your help with our Senior management.   again
sometime 
Jim Schultz
American Iron & Steel Institute
202-452-7180, 202-463-6573F
jschultz@steel.org
Jeff Shankman (COO of Enron Global Markets) is interested in going and would 
like to see the schedule.  I told him you would send it to him.  Jeff can 
also help us get our message across on the problems in California's power 
markets (Dasovich can fill you in).  Also John ( Woody) Wodraska, managing 
director of Azurix is interested in attending.  Please get in touch with 
him.  I haven't heard from Stan yet.
Susan M Landwehr
08/07/2000 10:26 PM
Rick--just a reminder that I am not aware of anyone from the executive ranks 
that are interested in attending the democrat convention at this point.  I 
believe that you and Steve Kean had asked the question about both conventions 
to those folks, but I wanted to make sure that we had covered the bases Stan Horton is the president of INGAA this year, and they are having an event 
on Sunday the 13th, but I have not been made aware of whether he will be 
attending and whether he would be interested in partcipating in any of 
Enron's other events.
calendar and rsvp
Tracy L Arthur@ECT
02/05/2001 08:34 AM
Expense Server@_Development
02/05/2001 12:13 PM
I love you too, sweety.  Have a great day.  See you tonight
looks fine
Michael Hicks@ECT
02/05/2001 01:22 PM
Steve:
Given your phone call, below is a first draft of what I think should go to 
the senior person at each California office.  Please review and make changes 
where necessary.
Thanks
Mike Hicks
Enron's policy is to periodically remind offices of procedures to follow for 
proper screening of mail.  If an x-ray machine is available in your office, 
all incoming mail and couriered packages should be scanned.  If no x-ray 
machine is available, you should scan you mail visually, looking for the 
following:
- Priority markings such as 'Rush', 'Personal', or 'Confidential'
- Excessive postage
- False or missing return address
- Poorly typed or handwritten address
- Incorrect titles
- Addressed to titles, but no names
- Misspellings of common words or names
- Oily stains or discolorations
- Excessive or uneven weight distribution
- Excessive tape, string or twine
- Rigid, uneven or lopsided envelope
- Protruding wires, screws, or other metal parts
- Postmark is different from the return address
The existence of only one or two of the above characteristics is acceptable, 
but more than two on the same peice of mail should be considered to be 
suspicious, and the item should not be opened.  In case of receipt of a 
'suspicious' letter or package, you should isolate the item and call your 
local police imediately.
Expense Server@_Development
02/05/2001 02:04 PM
Expense Server@_Development
02/05/2001 02:44 PM
calendar and meeting file
Ricardo Charvel
02/05/2001 04:16 PM
Ricardo Charvel
02/05/2001 04:15 PM
Rick,
As you know, last week I had a meeting with Fernando Alonso who is the head 
of Investment Promotion at the Mexican Department of Energy.  We discussed 
the gas price policy, electric deregulation and the role that Enron has been 
playing and can play in all these matters.
I pointed to him that Presidents Bush and Fox were geting together on 
February 16th and that President Fox has been declaring to the media that he 
will talk about a common energy policy with President Bush 
We agreed that it would be useful for Secretary Martens to Meet with Dr. Lay 
before the Presidents meet.  Fernando Alonso admitted to me today that 
Secretary Martens wanted to hear Mr. Lays opinion on this subject and perhaps 
recieve some advice with respect to talking points for President Fox with 
President Bush regarding energy policy.
Secretary  Marten's  team(and now the Secretary himself) view Mr. Lay as an 
ideal communication link between the Mexican and the U.S. Governments for 
energy policy.  This is the reason why the Secretary wants to meet with Mr. 
Lay before the 16th.  Originally they had agreed on meeting on Feb. 12th at 
9:00 a.m. Nevertheless, President Fox has asked that Secretary Martens to 
meet him in Mexico City on Monday the 12th which is why I got a call from 
Fernando Alonso asking if Mr. Lay could see Secretary Martens on Sunday the 
11th between 3:00 p.m. and 6:30 p.m 
Secretary Martens has to be at a CERA dinner on Sunday at 7:00 p.m.
Fernando Alonso, Dionisio Perez-Jacome, Undersecretary Niceforo Guerrero and 
myself will be meeting tomorrow at 10:00 a.m. to talk about electric 
deregulation.  They are expecting an answer from me by then.
Dionisio Perez-Jacome president of the CRE (FERC equivalent) is going to be 
in Houston on Monday the 12th.  I would like you and Steve Kean to meet with 
him if you are going to be in town.  I would also like to organize a tour for 
him that day.  We'll talk about this tomorrow night when I see you.
Thanks for your support.
Ricardo
I'm in.  A;lso, I don't think we have settled up on Mom and Dad's xmas 
present yet.  What do I owe?
"Rob Kean"  	02/05/2001 09:05 PM
Please respond to rob.kean
It's alittle early to be talking about Phil's birhtday but I have had some
conversations with him about replacing his PC with a more modern one that I
will build for him.  I want to know if you want to go in with me. He'll get
the PC in the near future but I don't expect anyone to contribute until his
birthday.
Here's the way it would work: we give Phil a new PC, I send an old Compaq of
ours to Kathy and Alan Wedig, Phil sends his old PC to some friends of mine
who live in Duluth, MN.  That means that our entire family will be
connected.
If not, I would send the Old Compaq to Phil otherwise and then he could send
his old one to Kathy and Alan.  The only problem with this scenario is that
Phil's old PC is getting a little too old.  Our friends in Duluth wouldn't
mind getting an old PC because they've never owned one.  I thought that Phil
would benefit the most from getting a brand new PC.  The old Compaq is will
still be okay for a while and Kathy should be fine with it.
What do you guys think?  If i do this right, Kathy would have a PC for her
birhtday in March.
Rob
fyi
Kalen Pieper@EES
02/06/2001 03:45 PM
Mickey Townsell
02/06/2001 01:43 PM
Kalen,
I spoke with TJ today and he indicated that he is interested in talking with 
Enron ; however , he and his spouse were taking off for a five week break 
between jobs ( he said he had told Ken of his plans ). That he would like to 
set something up in late March upon his return. I will call him and set  up a 
date with him. We have a good lead time to get on the G9 calendars.
I will keep you updated.
MT
Kalen Pieper
01/31/2001 01:38 PM
Steve,
Mickey Townsell has contacted TJ Glauthier, the former Deputy Secretary, and 
is beginning exploratory interviews.  We will keep you posted on progess Please let us know if you need any further information.
Kalen
Sherri Sera
02/06/2001 04:54 PM
Here is a revised version of what I forwarded earlier.  If I should send them 
to someone else, please let me know...SRS
Agreement.DOC>>  <<Gas Supplier and Collateral Agency Intercreditor
Agreement.DOC>>  <<Gas Supplier and Collateral Agency Intercreditor
Agreement.DOC>>
Please disregard my 2/6/01, 1:01pm e-mail.  Attached is the latest version
for your review and execution.
    - Gas Supplier Security Agreement.DOC
- Gas Supplier Security Agreement.DOC
- Gas Supplier and Collateral Agency Intercreditor Agreement.DOC
- Gas Supplier and Collateral Agency Intercreditor Agreement.DOC
What about the "show cause" order route?
- interim emergency approaches.DOC
calnedar and meeting file
Shirley A Hudler@ECT
02/06/2001 05:13 PM
Steve, Andy asked that you be on this call. This is Thursday the 15th.  I 
will let you know details.  Thanks.
Shirley A Hudler
02/06/2001 12:42 PM
CalPERS - Rick Hayes - has set up a conf call next Thursday to discuss the 
California issue with Enron.  My asst took the call and indicated that Rick 
had 10 or so people within CalPERS who wanted to talk to us.  She is 
arranging for Rick and Marty (and myself) to be on that call.  I have 
requested a list of individuals and their role within PERS to distribute Marty,  I will have my asst set up a meeting for you and me prior to Thursday 
to discuss the call 
Let me know if you have any comments or questions or if anyone else would 
like to or should be included on the call.
Shirley Hudler
Sr. Director
Enron Global Finance
713-853-4859
Work with Linda to finalize
Alan Comnes@ECT
02/06/2001 05:44 PM
Steve,
This is a third draft of a letter to Wyden re: information release.  The 
latest draft incorporates comments of Tim Belden and Jim Steffes 
Who do you recommend I work with to get this letter finalized?
Alan Comnes
CONFIDENTIAL - DO NOT DISTRIBUTE
Steve Kean would like your comments on this email as soon as possible.
Thanks.
Mark:
Steve said Sharon Butcher is the person you need to contact re corp policy Her number is 853-7224.
Mark Schroeder@ECT
02/05/2001 05:34 AM
Wolfgang- I am asking Tom Briggs to bottom this out with OFffice of Froeign 
Assets Control, or US State Department Sanctions people, and asking Steve 
Kean is there is any corporate policy regarding purchase of Iraqi oil under 
UN authorised program.   thansk  mcs  Forwarded by Mark 
Schroeder/LON/ECT on 05/02/2001 11:37  
Wolfgang Skribot
05/02/2001 11:09
Mark:
I am looking at a proposal, under which a Russian oil-major would be wishing 
to sell Iraqui crude to us, coming from the UN oil-for-food program. I would 
be interested to learn, whether Enron can purchase crude oil from this 
program (provided that we receive proof that it comes out of the UN program) 
and whether we are willing to do it (corporate policy).
I want to check that out first, before going forward. Next step would be to 
receive a good level of confidence that the offer is genuine, and then I 
would talk to the liquids traders.
,
Wolfgang
FROM STEVE KEAN:  PLEASE DO NOT COPY OR FOWARD THIS EMAIL
DRAFT=20
Enron is forming a new organization - - the Enron Accelerator - - to drive=20
the formation and development of new businesses at Enron.  Enron=01,s unique=20
ability to start and develop new businesses has driven most of our growth=20
over the years.  Lou Pai, currently Chairman and CEO of Enron Energy Services=20
will lead the Accelerator.  Over his years at Enron, Lou has been key to the=20
creation and rapid growth of our wholesale gas, wholesale power and energy=20
service businesses.  The existing business units will continue their new=20
business development activities, while the Accelerator will be focused on=20
identifying new business opportunities which are natural extensions of Enron=01,
s business model and core skills, but not currently under development within=20
Enron.
Dave Delainey, currently President and CEO of Enron Americas, will become=20
Chairman and CEO of Enron Energy Services.  Dave brings a wealth of=20
experience and accomplishment from Enron Wholesale Services=01, businesses where=20
he led phenomenal growth in our Canadian business and our North American=20
origination activity, and, most recently, had a stellar year in Enron=20
Americas.
Joining Dave in EES will be Janet Dietrich, currently Managing Director in=20
Enron Americas.  Janet will assume responsibilities as _____________________=20
of EES.  Janet has led an extremely successful origination team in Enron=20
Americas.  Together, Janet and Dave will bring extraordinary commercial=20
skills to the already outstanding EES team.
In connection with these leadership changes at EES, Dan Leff and Marty Sunde=20
will assume responsibility as ________________ and ______________=20
respectively at EES.  Together with Tom White, Vice Chairman of EES, Dan and=20
Marty have led the development and execution of a highly successful business=20
model at EES.  This new leadership structure will enable EES to continue on=20
its path of rapid growth and profitability over the coming years.
John Lavorato will succeed Dave as President and CEO of Enron Americas. =20
John has been an essential part of Enron=01,s energy trading success over the=20
years and is a key part of Enron Wholesale Services=01, continuing success=20
story.  Joining John is Louise Kitchen, currently President and CEO of Enron=20
Networks.  Louise, who accelerated Enron=01,s phenomenal growth with the=20
deployment of EnronOnline, will take over as Chief Operating Officer of Enron=20
Americas.
Philippe Bibi, currently Chief Operating Officer of Enron Networks will take=20
over as President and CEO of Enron Networks.  Under Philippe=01,s leadership,=20
Enron has become a technology powerhouse and the leading e-commerce company. =20
Joining Philippe as Chief Operating Officer is Greg Piper, currently Managing=20
Director of Enron Networks.  Greg ____________________________
Please join us in congratulating all of these individuals on their=20
achievements and their new responsibilities.
[Policy Committee Changes?]
[In addition, a number of individuals have elected to leave Enron.  David=20
Haug, currently Executive Vice President of Enron and formerly Chairman and=20
CEO of Enron CALME, has elected to leave Enron to pursue other=20
opportunities.  David initiated and oversaw the successful transition of=20
CALME into Enron Wholesale Services while continuing to meet financial=20
targets for his organization.  Also leaving Enron are Diomedes Christodoulou,=20
Chief Commercial Officer of Enron Broadband Services; James Bannantine,=20
formerly CEO of Enron South America; and Sanjay Bhatnagar, CEO of Enron=20
Broadband Services for the Middle East and Asia.  Diomedes, Jim and Sanjay=20
built and led strong and talented teams at Enron.  We wish all of these=20
individuals the very best in their new endeavors.]
Just a reminder:
As we discussed at the policy committee offsite, I am assembling the goals 
and objectives for the Board 
Please send yours to me by close of business, Tuesday, Feb. 6.
Thanks.
Check schedule and if I can go please rsvp to Ruth Ann
Elizabeth Tilney@EES
01/29/2001 08:06 AM
Mark Palmer and I would like to celebrate three well-deserved promotions by 
gathering  the three of you and a date of your choice with a few good 
friends( that's you folks on the cc: list and your dates of choice) for 
dinner at my house.  Since I don't cook well, some might say "at all" , Mark 
has gratiously offered to do the honors-- I will provide the venue and the 
wine (that I can do.)  The date we have chosen is Friday,February 9 and the 
time is 7:00 p.m. The location is in River Oaks at 2910 Del Monte (the corner 
of Del Monte and Kirby).  The attire is casual.  The evening is guaranteed to 
be FUN. Please let me know as soon as possible if you can join us. Thank-you. 
Beth Tilney
Ken did speak with Ulf (and I believe left you a message).  I have not heard 
about further contacts as yet.
Mark Schroeder@ECT
01/30/2001 04:37 AM
1  Do you kow if Ken Lay found Mr. Ulf Boge, the President of the German 
Federal Cartel Office, at Davos?  The commercial team for Germany is just 
very keen to know.
2  Do you know if Ken was able to make any other calls on my behalf regarding 
the Bush administration?  I know he spoke to Bob Zoellick the week of the 
Inauguration.  In particular, comments to Karl Rove, Clay Johnson (White 
House personnel, I am told), and the VP would be helpful.
thanks  Mark
Nice work, Mike
Nicholas O'Day
01/30/2001 04:51 PM
Morten, congratulations on the first power deal in Japan for Enron and the 
first power derivative transaction in Japan.
Mention should also be made of the significant support from Mike Grimes and 
Mark Crowther.
Mike lead a team that included legal, credit, accounting and tax, to put 
together a standard electricity purchase and sale agreement for Japan which 
was used as the basis for the NCC contract.
Mark played a large role in addressing the technical aspects of the NCC 
contract. He also had a significant role in the drafting of the Japanese 
version of the contract.
kind  
Morten E Pettersen
Sent by: Morten E Pettersen
01/30/2001 03:13 PM
Dear all,
Enron Japan did today their first power transaction, and the first power 
derivative transaction ever in Japan. The counterpart is Nippon Chemi-Con 
Kabushiki Kaisha (NCC).
The term of the deal is 01/04/02-31/3/06, with a yearly volume of around 
110,000 MWh
The basic structure of the electricity transaction is that Enron Japan gives 
the counterpart a 6,8% discount on their actual electricity bill for the 
period 1/4/01-31/3/02. This discount, or the option premium, gives Enron the 
right but not the obligation to supply NCC with Electricity for the 4 yearly 
supply terms starting 1/4/02, 1/4/03, 1/4/04 and 1/4/05 at predefined prices. 
If Enron Japan decide to supply NCC with Electricity for a specific supply 
term, we need to inform them 2 months before the start of the supply term. 
This structure give Enron Japan the necessary flexibility to operate in a 
newly deregulated electricity market.
The deal was closed by Morten Erik Pettersen with very good support from 
Rousseau Anai (Associate Power Trading) and Jane McBride (Senior Legal 
Counsel)
Morten Erik Pettersen 
Head of Trading
Enron Japan Corp
I have sent a reminder.  The EES team has been working around the clock on 
California matters, so I'm not surprised that they haven't focusses o this yet
Mark Schroeder@ECT
01/31/2001 05:42 AM
Steve - I am concerned that just through inertia, we are not getting rapid 
closure on Mike Dahlke's move to a new role.  There is no doubt in my mind 
that he can do good service in EES, and he has met with several people 
there.  Mike is concerned that he might get stuck, as he apparently was in 
1997, in limbo for a long time, which he found very professionally and 
personally frustrating and stressful.  Can you help, especially in your HR 
capacity?   thanks  mcs
Palmisano left a couple of months ago to start his own business.  Jeff Keeler 
(in our DC office) is covering John's issues.
Thanks for the call this morning.  The convention sounds interesting.  On 
another note, I was wondering is John Palmisano still works here?  for you I got a call from a conference organizer about an emissions meeting in 
Cologne, Ger. and I think he has spoken at this gathering.  I'll forward the 
email to you, and to the emissions/coal group as well to determine our 
interest 
.
Jeff
I know you guys have been working around the clock.  I just wanted to make 
sure you hadn't forgotten about Mike Dahlke (whose resume I sent on to you 
Dan).  When you catch a breath please take some time to consider Mike for 
EES.
fyi
=09John Sherriff@ECT
=0901/31/2001 08:38 AM
=09=09=20
=09
Eric Shaw's team has learned that an investigation has been initiated by the=20
Turkish military to expose and eliminate corruption in the Turkish energy=20
sector.
On January 6, the military took seven energy sector bureaucrats into custody.=20
In the following days, other officials from TEA? (the electricity generation=20
monopoly) and the Ministry of Energy and Natural Resources (MENR) and=20
executives from a number of Turkish companies were also taken into custody.=20
While many of the bureaucrats and executives have been released, a leaked=20
report from the military investigators suggests that the operation is wide=20
ranging and may ultimately target the Minister of Energy and Natural=20
Resources and other senior energy sector bureaucrats and businessmen.=20
Enron Implications
Trakya - One Turkish newspaper has reported that Enron=01,s  478 MW Trakya power=20
project was being investigated.  This has not been reported anywhere else. =20
Because the power price at Trakya has been the target of criticism in the=20
past, we are not surprised by this report. Although an investigation is=20
always a possibility, other than the one newspaper report, there has been no=20
indication, official or otherwise, that an investigation is planned or=20
underway.
=20
GAMA - It has also been reported that the wife of Gorkhan Yardim, the General=20
Manager of BOTA? (the natural gas monopoly), works at GAMA, our Turkish=20
partner in the Trakya project, and that his expensive car was a gift from=20
GAMA. GAMA has told us, and Yardim has defended himself publicly by saying,=20
that his wife has been working at GAMA since 1993, long before Yardim had=20
risen to his current position of power at BOTA?, and that the car was not a=20
gift from GAMA. It is worth noting, however, that there have been a number of=20
newspaper reports questioning GAMA=01,s role in a controversial gas marketing=20
deal being undertaken by their TurRusGas joint venture with Gazprom and BOTA?.
Outlook
It is still not clear how or when this investigation will end. In the medium=20
and long term, this will be good news for Enron and other reputable Turkish=20
or foreign companies which have found it difficult to do transparent energy=20
deals in Turkey in the past. In the short term, however, it is likely to=20
result in a marked decrease in meaningful activity in the Turkish energy=20
sector, as worried bureaucrats, innocent and guilty, lay low.=20
We will continue to monitor developments, especially with regard to the=20
Trakya project, and report as necessary.
Expense Server@_Development
01/31/2001 01:42 PM
Expense Server@_Development
01/31/2001 03:03 PM
Karen Denne's title is VP, Communications.
You need to add: Dennis Vegas, VP Brand Management & Strategic Marketing
Thanks.
I'm not sure what Steve's presentation will be titled.  He's in Portland 
today.  Can I give you the title on Monday?
Kelly Johnson
02/01/2001 01:59 PM
Steve, please let us know changes to your group by Monday, February 5th. 
Thanks, Kelly
Name	Title
Steven J. Kean	Executive Vice President  and Chief of Staff
Cindy K. Olson	Executive Vice President, HR & Community Affairs
Richard S. Shapiro	Managing Director, Government Affairs
William R. Donovan	Vice President, Corporate Administration Services
E. Joseph Hillings	Vice President and General Manager, Federal Government Affairs 
(will remove once he's retired - let us know the effective date)
Karen L. Denne	Vice President, Communications Mark A. Palmer	Vice President, Communications
Linda Robertson	Vice President, Government Affairs
Christie A. Patrick	Vice President, Public Affairs
James Steffes	Vice President, Public Affairs
Michael F. Terraso	Vice President, Health & Saftey and Chief Environmental Officer
For some reason I couldn't get this message to Sherrie Sera.  Please 
forward Sherrie - see last item below.
Karen Denne
01/31/2001 10:22 PM
FYI, here is who we'll be meeting with during our California editorial board 
tour:
Thursday, Feb. 1
10 a.m.
Sacramento Bee
Howard Weaver, editor of the editorial page
Tom Philip, associate editor for environmental, energy issues
Dan Weintraub, political columnist
Mark Paul, deputy editor of the editorial page
2:30 p.m.
San Francisco Chronicle
David Lazarus, energy reporter
John Diaz, editor of the editorial page
all senior editors
Friday, Feb. 2
11 a.m.
Los Angeles Times
Janet Clayton, editor of editorial pages
Nancy Rivera Brooks, staff writer (energy)
Judy Dugan, deputy editor of editorial pages
Jim Flanigan, senior economics editor and columnist
Henry Fuhrmann, assistant business editor
Miriam Pawel, metropolitan editor
Nick Riccardi, staff writer
Joel Sappell, Metro projects editor
Bill Stall, editorial writer
3 p.m. 
San Diego Union-Tribune
Robert Kittle, editorial page editor
Craig Rose, energy reporter
Bill Osborne, senior editor
Also fyi, when Jeff Skilling is in San Francisco next Wednesday, I'm 
scheduling an editorial board with the San Jose Mercury News, a meeting with 
the Silicon Valley Manufacturing Group, and an informal meeting (drinks) with 
eCompany Now editors and reporters.  I'll have the specifics on Monday.  kd
Sorry I didn't have much time to talk yesterday.  The presentation went 
well.  We had a great turnout and Celeste, Andrew Miles and John Walt (and 
the other Enron attendees) did a great job. I'm going to talk to Traci on 
Monday.
Kristin Gandy
01/29/2001 12:38 PM
Presentation time is here!
Logistics are listed below:
What:    Rice MBA Spring Intern Presentation
When:  Thursday, February 1st
Where:  Room 124 in the Business School
Time:   7:30pm - 9:00pm
Please be at the B-school by 7:00pm for set-up and cocktails.  Reception will 
take place immediate following the presentation in the Student Lounge.
Please RSVP if you are available to me at extension 53214.
* Resume selection meeting will take place the following Monday, February 5th 
at 2pm in room 11C2.
Thank you,
Kristin Gandy
Associate Recruiter
Peggy Mahoney@EES
02/01/2001 04:58 AM
Attached is the "pitch" our sales representatives are presenting to customers
in California, a list of customers and a Q&A 
Karen - I am also faxing to your house in case these files are too large for 
you
to download at home before you leave for California 
Please call me with any questions.
713-667-8511
713-504-4338
713=345-7034
Peggy
fyi -- messages re California
Peggy Mahoney@EES
02/01/2001 04:58 AM
Attached is the "pitch" our sales representatives are presenting to customers
in California, a list of customers and a Q&A 
Karen - I am also faxing to your house in case these files are too large for 
you
to download at home before you leave for California 
Please call me with any questions.
713-667-8511
713-504-4338
713=345-7034
Peggy
There may be some press today about Enron's involvement in the Nepal hydro 
project.  The government of Nepal is hopeful that we will pursue it, but we 
are not going to.  Kelly's response on press inquiries will be that we are 
not pursuing the project.  Kelly will also be getting in touch with David 
Howe. I just wanted to keep you guys posted in case you are getting 
questions.
fyi
Also, you should contact Ken's assistant, Rosalee Fleming, to see when would 
be a good time to give ken a briefing and see what else he needs.  I have 
told Rosalee that you are preparing the materials for Ken.
Jaime Alatorre@
08/08/2000 10:33 AM
Sent by: Jaime Alatorre@
Dear Ken,
Federico Sada, who is travelling with President elect Vicente Fox in South 
America, called me this morning, 
and asked me to give you the confirmed list of attendees to the dinner in New 
York, Wednesday August 23, 8:00 P.M.
at the Watteau Room of the St. Regis Hotel:
Sanford I. Weill   Citigroup, Inc.   Chairman and CEO
Hendrick Verfaille  Monsanto Co.   President and CEO
William B Harrison, Jr.  Chase Manhattan Corp.  Chairman and CEO
Raymond V. Gilmartin  Merck and Company, Inc. Chairman and CEO
Michael Armstrong  AT&T    Chairman and CEO
Stephen M. Wolf  US Airways   Chairman and CEO
Kenneth L. Lay   Enron Corp.   Chairman and CEO
Pending confirmation
Douglas A. Warner III  J.P. Morgan   Chairman
According to Federico, if there is any late cancellation, no one will be 
substituted. Also, there is a small possibility that
the dinner could take place in Washington, rather than N.Y., based on Fox's 
meeting with President Clinton; they are still
working on the final agenda. 
Max and myself are working on the background information that you will need, 
and will keep you posted of any 
changes;  ,  jaime____
Nicole Lauzier@EES
01/31/2001 05:11 PM
The attached is from Mike Smith
Here are the documents.
Peggy Mahoney@EES
02/01/2001 04:58 AM
Attached is the "pitch" our sales representatives are presenting to customers
in California, a list of customers and a Q&A 
Karen - I am also faxing to your house in case these files are too large for 
you
to download at home before you leave for California 
Please call me with any questions.
713-667-8511
713-504-4338
713=345-7034
Peggy
what do you think?
Sherri Sera
01/30/2001 01:32 PM
Steve, Jeff will be in Europe on the date of this conference.  Is it worth 
joining and sending someone else ($25K sounds pretty steep to me, but 
everything is relative!).  Please advise.  Thanks, SRS
Chad Fitzgerald  Mr. Skilling,
The Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee (DSCC) and Senators Daschle,
Murray, Wyden, Leahy, Bingaman, Kerry, Baucus, Carnahan, Durbin, Dorgan and
Schumer are hosting a series of discussions on the future of the New Economy
in Beaver Creek, Colorado on March 2-4, 2001.  At this time, we have about
40 executives from venture capital, communications and other high tech
businesses attending the conference.  Most of those attendees joined the
DSCC's High Technology Council in 2000.
The Council was created last year in order to create a bridge between
Democratic Senators and key leaders of the New Economy.  Throughout 2000, we
hosted dinners, meetings and conferences that gave high tech leaders and
Senators the opportunity to engage in an ongoing dialogue on the key issues
facing the nation.  As a result, the Senators and participants in the
Council were able to develop a solid understanding of the challenges facing
both government and business.  We hope that this effort has created a
foundation for strong, long-term relationships between the two groups.
The Conference in March is a continuation of last year's efforts, but we
will focus on a few of the key issues facing the New Economy to allow both
sides can drill down and gain a better understanding of some of the
opportunities and problems we will face in the near future.
In order to attend, you would need to become a member of the DSCC's High
Tech Council by donating $25,000 to the DSCC.  That would make you eligible
to participate in a series of events, conferences and meetings this year
with other industry leaders and Democratic Senators.
I have attached an invitation to the event, a registration form and
information on becoming a member of the Council.  We have reserved only a
small number of rooms for new members of the DSCC's High Tech Council.  If
you would like to attend, please let me know as soon as possible and please
do not hesitate to contact me regarding any questions, concerns or for more
information.  I can have a firm agenda to you in the very near future but I
am waiting on some feedback from people like yourself regarding the issues
they would like to discuss.  In your response, please let me know if you
have any particular issues that are of concern to you.
Thank you very much for your time and consideration.
Sincerely,
Chad FitzGerald
Director - DSCC High Technology Council
(202) 485-3156
Council.doc>>
- Invite.doc
- Registration Form New Members.doc
- DSCC HT Council.doc
meeting file
Gary P Smith
01/31/2001 04:32 PM
Steve,
Thank you for agreeing to speak at the ETS HR Conference.  Since we spoke 
last week, the meeting date has changed from February 20 to Monday, February 
26 to better accomodate presentors' and attendees schedules.  We have 
confirmed that this date works well for both you and Stan Horton.  On the 
26th, we will kick off the afternoon session with lunch at 12:15 PM, followed 
by your presentation from 1:30-2:30 and Stan's from 2:30-3:30.  You are 
invited to have lunch with us and spend as much time with us that afternoon 
as your schedule allows.
To follow up on our conversation last week, it would be great if you could 
talk to the group about Enron's performance in 2000, its successes and 
stumbles, and how ENE's stock price is impacted.  It would also be helpful if 
you could discuss the look of Enron in 2001, what its primary busninesses are 
and how they drive earnings; as well as what significant initiatives Enron 
has planned for 2001.  I have asked Stan to talk about ETS' performance 
during 2000, what he was pleased with and what lessons were learned.  He also 
will share his perspective on how ETS fits into Enron's plans for 2001, as 
well as what initiatives and objectives are critical to ETS' success this 
year.
Thanks again for taking time out of your schedule to spend it with the ETS HR 
team.  I look forward to seeing you on February 26.
Gary
Sherri Sera
01/31/2001 12:46 PM
>"The value of undies"
>
>Be careful what you wear (or don't wear), when working under your
>vehicle...especially in public. From the Sydney Morning Herald Australia
>comes this story of a central west couple who drove their car to K-Mart
>only to have their car break down in the parking lot.
>
>The man told his wife to carry on with the shopping while he fixed the car
>there in the lot. The wife returned later to see a small group of people
>near the car.
>
>On closer inspection she saw a pair of male legs protruding from under
>the chassis. Although the man was in shorts, his lack of underpants turned
>private parts into glaringly public ones.
>
>Unable to stand the embarrassment she dutifully stepped forward, quickly
>put her hand UP his shorts and tucked everything back into place.
>
>On regaining her feet she looked across the hood and found herself
>staring at her husband who was standing idly by.
>
>The mechanic, however, had to have three stitches in his head.
 
FYI -- Kalen is the head of HR for EES;  she works for Beth Tilney.
Kalen Pieper@EES
01/31/2001 01:38 PM
Steve,
Mickey Townsell has contacted TJ Glauthier, the former Deputy Secretary, and 
is beginning exploratory interviews.  We will keep you posted on progess Please let us know if you need any further information.
Kalen
We need to put a briefing book together for Ken ASAP for his California trip.
Thanks to everyone for their work on the Senate hearing.  There are a couple 
of follow-up items:
Thanks to the Portland and Washington teams, Sen Wyden is very interested in 
identifying the kind of information we need from the ISO (and PX to the 
extent it's still relevant) to make the market work better.  We have written 
this up before, I think we just need to put it in letter form.  Alan please take the lead on this and get a draft to Linda.  I think we should 
identify the information and also prepare a letter for the Chairman (?) that 
could be sent to the FERC.
Murkowski (the Committee Chairman) asked for an itemized list of things the 
fed should do to expedite siting as well as anything else we feel is 
necessary  to address the California crisis.  We have identified the need for 
open access across the nation, but he is looking for what can be done in the 
2-4 month time frame.  Dave, I think your memo to me is a good start.  Sue could you please put those and any other suggestions in letter form and get 
them to Linda?
Finally, Sen Feinstein asked all of the witnesses to ask their CEOs not to 
"price gouge" -- yes, that's what she said.  She appealed to everyone's 
community spirit and asked suppliers to forbear charging high prices while 
California struggles to fix its problems.  I think we should send a response 
from Ken.  Jeff -- please take a cut and get to Linda.  I think the basic 
messages should be:  we are actively working on solutions with California 
policymakers (forward contracting was our idea after all); we are actively 
pursuing demand reduction in the state, etc.  We should also explain the 
nature of our business and pick up on some of the other solutions we 
identified in the written testimony, offer to meet to discuss further, etc.
I spoke with Ken about the Business Council.  He agreed: errors of commission 
are much better than errors of omission.  H e does want to be personally 
involved in the invitations from here on and he is very willing to make calls 
next week to help get some confirmations.  Deal directly with him there's no need for me to be in the middle.  Also, a bit of background Greenspan is always invited to the reception the night before, but they don't 
want to offer him a speaking spot because he won't speak without the press 
present 
Thanks again for all your work on the Senate hearing.  I felt overprepared which is just how I want to feel -- and every bit of information I needed was 
at my fingertips.
STEVE KEAN
Billy Dorsey@_DEVELOPMENT
01/31/2001 11:15 AM
Executive Committee Weekly Meeting
Date:  Monday, February 5
Time:  11:00 a.m. (CDT)
Location: 50th Floor Boardroom
Video:  Connections will be established with remote locations upon request.
Conf call: AT&T lines have been reserved.  Please contact Sherri Sera 
(713/853-5984) 
or Bill Dorsey (713/646-6505) for the weekly dial-in number and passcode.
Please indicate below whether or not you plan to attend this meeting and 
through what medium. 
Yes, I will attend in person ___X____
I can hardly believe Peggy Noonan wrote this.  I'm a sucker for blatant heart 
string pulling. I love it. I'm misty.
"Painter, Sally" 
10:45:04 AM
Sent by: "Russell, Rhonda"  > Great Press on Lieberman.  See below.