We have to go to Little Bear.  Opie Gone Bad is the band.  They are back.
sometimes things really suck out loud, don't they?  I still plan on coming 
into the office tomorrow.  Like I said, maybe we just need to ride it out 
and things will be fine...and we'll all live happily ever after!  (keeping 
my finger and legs crossed)  Still feel like going out on Friday?  Maybe we 
should do it downtown somewhere.  Comedy works first then dancing?  Keep 
your chin up you handsome devil!
_________________________________________________________________
Attached are the latest based on our discussions.  I couldn't redline the Capacity Release Agreement, so I am only sending a clean version.  I would still make a general caveat, that we still need to do a final review of the gathering agreement.  This could add to the Transaction Agreement.
Please include the following language:
If both parties agree, the CIG Index portion of the pricing can be changed during the term of the contract to reflect other market and transport opportunities.
Laine could you add Jay to your email distribution list? His address is jay.reitmeyer@
Dear Medicine Bow Shipper:
This morning we received FERC approval for the fourth tie-in segment (to
gate #7) contracted  for  92 Mdth/day.  This brings the firm capacity of the
Medicine Bow system to 472 Mdth/day.  The contract effective date will be
October 19, but you will be able to utilize this capacity as soon as we have
it set up in the system today 
Please call me if you have any questions 
Laine Lobban
719-520-4344
719-331-3379 (cell)
Let's take this injto consideration for Kennedy's Recluse gas.  Let's get a proposal from Grasslands and we can put together a summary of the options for Kennedy.
Below is the Bison Presentation.
Here is the presentation
Martha Sumner Kenney
Manager, Community Relations
(402) 398-7804
An ugly carpet will last forever.
-Erma Bombeck
OOps, please use el Paso contract 9ME4
1. copy of contract will be faxed to you ASAP
2. Reference contract no. 9ME3
This is the contract # on El Paso if you need it.
1. copy of contract will be faxed to you ASAP
2. Reference contract no. 9ME3
Please look at this.  I didn't know how deep to go with the desk.  Do you think this works.
Let's Plan on watching this.
I called and have this set up for Denver to be Video Conferenced in on this meeting.
Can we get this?
Please join us at an all-employee meeting at 10 a.m. Houston time, Tuesday, October 23, in the Hyatt Regency Houston's Imperial Ballroom.  We will review third quarter financial and operating highlights and action steps we're taking based on the results of the Lay It On the Line survey.  We welcome your questions.  Please send them to Courtney Votaw by e-mail (Courtney.votaw@), fax (713-853-6790), or interoffice mail (EB 4704B).  We look forward to seeing you there. 
Ken, Greg and Mark
Accessing the Meeting via Streaming Video/Audio
If you are a Houston-based employee and can't attend the meeting, or if you are located in London, Calgary, Toronto, Omaha, New York or Portland (ENA), you can access the live event at    Enron Europe employees will receive a follow-up message from their Public Relations team concerning online access to the meeting 
Video Teleconferencing
The meeting will be made available by video teleconference to employees in Sao Paulo, Buenos Aires, Dubai, Rio de Janeiro, Bothell, Wash. and Chicago, IL.  If your location would like to participate by video teleconference, please contact Yvonne Francois at (713) 345-8725 
Audio Via Telephone
For those of you who cannot view the live event by video stream or video teleconferencing, you can access the meeting via telephone by dialing the following numbers:
* The host will ask you what call or event you will be connecting to, reply Enron.
United States:  (888) 400-7918
International:    +1 (952) 556-2844
If you encounter technical difficulties, please contact your IT help desk.
MArk--I put out a couple of calls to find on the 2002 Governors race in Wyoming, and the feedback I got was similiar to what we talked about.....there has not been a clear candidate yet, and Joe Meyers name is one of three possible Republican contestants. (the other two that are being talked about are Eli Bebout and Ray Hupkins--don't know if I got my spelling right on these boys!).  Apparently there was alot of discussion about the current US Senator, Craig Thomas, wanting to run and so everybody was pretty much waiting until he made up his mind before jumping into the race.  My understanding is that Thomas did make up his mind about 2 weeks ago to stay in the Senate, so your Mr. Meyers may very well be strongly considering a run.
The temp that I hired started today and I would like to make sure she gets paid for today and tommorow.  She knows that is all she can expect.  Let me know if that is a problem.
Can we get this?
Please join us at an all-employee meeting at 10 a.m. Houston time, Tuesday, October 23, in the Hyatt Regency Houston's Imperial Ballroom.  We will review third quarter financial and operating highlights and action steps we're taking based on the results of the Lay It On the Line survey.  We welcome your questions.  Please send them to Courtney Votaw by e-mail (Courtney.votaw@), fax (713-853-6790), or interoffice mail (EB 4704B).  We look forward to seeing you there. 
Ken, Greg and Mark
Accessing the Meeting via Streaming Video/Audio
If you are a Houston-based employee and can't attend the meeting, or if you are located in London, Calgary, Toronto, Omaha, New York or Portland (ENA), you can access the live event at    Enron Europe employees will receive a follow-up message from their Public Relations team concerning online access to the meeting 
Video Teleconferencing
The meeting will be made available by video teleconference to employees in Sao Paulo, Buenos Aires, Dubai, Rio de Janeiro, Bothell, Wash. and Chicago, IL.  If your location would like to participate by video teleconference, please contact Yvonne Francois at (713) 345-8725 
Audio Via Telephone
For those of you who cannot view the live event by video stream or video teleconferencing, you can access the meeting via telephone by dialing the following numbers:
* The host will ask you what call or event you will be connecting to, reply Enron.
United States:  (888) 400-7918
International:    +1 (952) 556-2844
If you encounter technical difficulties, please contact your IT help desk.
Mark,  Attached are the latest.
Eric,
This spreadsheet summarizes the pricing terms for the proposed Kennedy Oil transaction that we discussed earlier.
Also, attached in the e-mail below, I have included a "Discussion Document" that Mark and Pual put together for the purpose of discussions with Kennedy.  It provides more specifics on the pricing and volume allocation, if you desire.
Based on my calculations, the 10,000/d priced at NYMEX minus $0.62 is roughly $300,000 in the money and the 5,000/d priced at NGPL MidCon minus $0.47 is roughly $500,000 in the money.
I will be out next week, but Mark and Paul will keep you posted as to the expected close date and any changes in the deal terms.  Please give me a call today if you have any questions.
Thanks,
Tyrell
(303) 575-6478
 Let us all remember the beautiful words of George Carlin: 
 
 The paradox of our time in history is that we have taller buildings but 
 shorter tempers, wider freeways, but narrower viewpoints. We spend more, 
 but 
 have less. 
 We buy more, but enjoy less. We have bigger houses and smaller families, 
 more 
 conveniences, but less time. We have more degrees but less sense, more 
 knowledge, but less judgment, more experts, yet more problems, more 
 medicine, 
 but less wellness. 
 
 We drink too much, smoke too much, spend too recklessly, laugh too 
 little, 
 drive too fast, get too angry, stay up too late, get up too tired, read 
 too 
 little, watch TV too much, and pray too seldom. 
 
 We have multiplied our possessions, but reduced our values. We talk too 
 much, 
 love too seldom, and hate too often. We've learned how to make a living, 
 but 
 not a life. We've added years to life not life to years. 
 
 We've been all the way to the moon and back, but have trouble crossing 
 the 
 street to meet a new neighbor. We conquered outer space but not inner 
 space. 
 We've done larger things, but not better things. We've cleaned up the 
 air, 
 but polluted the soul. We've conquered the atom, but not our prejudice. 
 
 We write more, but learn less. We plan more, but accomplish less. We've 
 learned to rush, but not to wait. We build more computers to hold more 
 information, to produce more copies than ever, but we communicate less 
 and 
 less. 
 
 These are the times of fast foods and slow digestion, big men and small 
 character, steep profits and shallow relationships. These are the days of 
 two 
 incomes but more divorce, fancier houses, but broken homes. These are 
 days of 
 quick trips, disposable diapers, throwaway morality, one night stands, 
 overweight bodies, and pills that do everything from cheer, to quiet, to 
 kill. It is a time when there is much in the showroom window and nothing 
 in 
 the stockroom. A time when technology can bring this letter to you, and a 
 
 time when you can choose either to share this insight, or to just hit 
 delete. 
 
 
 Remember, spend some time with your loved ones, because they are not 
 going to 
 be around forever. 
 
 Remember, say a kind word to someone who looks up to you in awe, because 
 that 
 little person soon will grow up and leave your side.  Remember, to give a 
 
 warm hug to the one next to you, because that is the only treasure you 
 can 
 give with your heart and it doesn't cost a cent. 
 
 Remember, to say, "I love you" to your partner and your loved ones, but 
 most 
 of all mean it. A kiss and an embrace will mend hurt when it comes from 
 deep 
 inside of you. 
 
 Remember to hold hands and cherish the moment for someday that person 
 will 
 not be there again. Give time to love, give time to speak and give time 
 to 
 share the precious thoughts in your mind. 
 
That should keep you busy!
Let me know when your in town.  I will do the same when in Denver.  I guess you heard we bought Can. Hunter.  Another 500+/- per day to sell up North.  FYI
I suggest that you build a boxing ring in the back yard!  Let's try to get together soon.  Sounds like we have both been too busy!
He weighed 8.8 out of the box (I will never admit to saying that).  He then lost back to 7.2 while in ICU but is back on track to 9.2 after three weeks.  He may have a chance.  Lance, the middle man, is one bad mother fro!!!  He takes Luke tot he mat daily just fro sport.  I'm going to have to let Luke defend himself soon - currently we have been telling him he can't hit Lance, but Lance pushes him on a daily basis - must have gotten that from his mother!!
How much does Logan weigh?  Does he stand a chance against his brothers?
Both mom and baby (Logan) are doing much better
How is the little one?  I'm sorry I missed the date!
I missed being there 
I don't know why it did not go.  It was huge!  He called it within 15
yds. and took it with a bow.  We missed you in Jackson! Weather was
great, so was the fishing.
Mark - whaaaa sup.  I did not see an attachment - was it big 
That is awsome!
Bud Cranford
bcranford@home.com
Not suprising > The link below is an op-ed piece in today's Orlando Sentinel that
compares
 Harvard and Texas A&M.