Forward this to every male you  know >  However, if you fall victim to this insidious  drug and the predatory
  women administering it, there are male  support groups where you can
  discuss the details  of your shocking encounter in an open manner
with a
bunch of similarly-affected guys. For your nearest support group just
look
up 'Pubs' in the yellow pages.
NO
TD{FONT-SIZE: 10pt; COLOR: black; BACKGROUND-COLOR: white}
[IMAGE 
Now that you have access to the following applications without requiring VPN access...  Outlook Web Access (email and calendar) PEP XMS (Expense Reporting application)  And, COMING SOON... eHROnline (year-end) Benefits Election (Oct. 29, 2001) Electronic Pay Stubs (year-end), and Much More,  through the ClickAtHome Portal and the Internet, do you still believe you need remote access through VPN from home to Enron networks (must have a valid business reason with supervisor approval and a monthly cost)?   YES NO NOT SURE Please answer this survey from your computer at work, not via Outlook Web Access 
Yes, we are.
Don:
On the front page of MW Daily today there is an article about the testing of a new hourly index into Cinergy by Platts.  Are you guys participating in the testing?
Guy
Berkeley, California bans U.S. Flags from being displayed on city fire
trucks because they didn't want to offend anyone in the  community.
In an "act of tolerance" the head of the public  library at Florida Gulf
Coast University ordered all "Proud to be an  American" signs removed so as
to not offend international students.
I, for one, am quite disturbed by these actions of  so-called American
citizens; and I am tired of this nation worrying  about whether or not we
are offending some individual or their culture.  Since the terrorist
attacks on September 11, we have experienced a surge  in patriotism by the
majority of Americans. However, the dust from the attacks had barely
settled in New York and Washington D.C. when the  "politically correct"
crowd began complaining about the possibility that  our patriotism was
offending others.
I am not against immigration, nor do I hold a grudge against anyone who is
seeking a  better life by coming to America. In fact, our country's
population is  almost entirely comprised of descendants of immigrants;
however, there  are a few things that those who have recently come to our
country, and  apparently some native Americans, need to understand.
First of  all, it is not our responsibility to continually try not to
offend you  in any way. This idea of America being a multi-cultural
community has  served only to dilute our sovereignty and our national
identity. As  Americans, we have our own culture, our own society, our own
language,  and our own lifestyle. This culture, called the "American Way"
has been  developed over centuries of struggles, trials, and victories by
millions  of men and women who have sought freedom. Our forefathers fought,
bled,  and died at places such as Bunker Hill, Antietam, San Juan, Iwo
Jima,  Normandy, Korea, Vietnam.
We speak English, not Spanish, Arabic,  Chinese, Japanese, Russian, or any
other language. Therefore, if you  wish to become part of our society learn our language!
"In  God We Trust" is our national motto. This is not some off-the-wall,
Christian, Right Wing, political slogan -- it is our national motto. It is
engraved in stone in the House of Representatives in our Capitol and it is
printed on our currency. We adopted this motto because Christian  men and
women, on Christian principles, founded this nation; and this is  clearly
documented throughout our history. If it is appropriate  for our motto to
be inscribed in the halls of our highest level of  Government, then it is
certainly appropriate to display it on the walls  of our schools.
God is in our pledge, our National Anthem,  nearly every patriotic song,
and in our founding documents. We honor His  birth, death, and resurrection
as holidays, and we turn to Him in prayer  in times of crisis. If God
offends you, then I suggest you consider  another part of the world as your
new home, because God is part of our  culture and we are proud to have Him.
We are proud of our heritage and those who have so honorably defended our
freedoms. We celebrate Independence Day, Memorial Day, Veterans Day, and
Flag Day. We  have parades, picnics, and barbecues where we proudly wave
our flag.  As an American, I have the right to wave my flag, sing my
national  anthem, quote my national motto, and cite my pledge whenever and
wherever I
choose. If the Stars and Stripes offend you, or you don't  like Uncle Sam,
then you should seriously consider a move to another  part of this planet.
The American culture is our way of life,  our heritage, and we are proud of
it. We are happy with our culture and  have no desire to change, and we
really don't care how you did things  where you came from. We are
Americans, like it or not, this is our  country, our land, and our lifestyle.
Our First Amendment gives every citizen the right to express his opinion
about our government, culture, or society, and we will allow you every
opportunity to do so. But once you are done complaining, whining, and
griping about our flag, our pledge, our national motto, or our way of life,
I highly  encourage you take advantage of one other great American freedom,
the  right to leave.
Barry Loudermilk
If you agree, pass this  onto other Americans!!
It is time to take a  stand!!
COLLEGE STATION, Texas (AP) - Football practice was delayed on Tuesday
for nearly two hours at Texas A&M University.
One of the players, while on his way to the locker room, happened to
look down and notice a suspicious looking, unknown white powdery
substance on the practice field. Practice was immediately suspended by
Coach R.C.
Slocum while the FBI was called in to investigate.
After a complete field analysis, the FBI determined that the foreign
white substance that they found was the goal line.
Congratulations!  That is FANTASTIC!  When is the date?  When will you next be in town?  I'll buy you a beer in celebration.
Take care,
Don
I'm engaged 
Just wanted you to know 
MD
Matt Doggett
Dell Sales Manager
Email: matt_doggett@dell.com
Phone: 800 901 3355 x 66311
Order status Online support 
This is hilarious!
DB
Hey y'all,
Please, comply with the following request from Eservices.  Let's run through the paces every a.m.  In addition, please review the previous Manitoba Business Procedures. =20
Thanks,
Don
An extension of the Services contract with Manitoba (MHEB) has been signed and begins tomorrow, November 1st.  In addition to purchasing from MHEB, we need to focus heavily on selling to MHEB.  With the change of season, MHEB may frequently be short.  As with purchases, EPMI will split any net savings with MHEB and adjust their Reference Price accordingly- see 'M:Eservices/MIDWEST SERVICE DEALS/Manitoba/Manitoba Hydro Services Deal Procedures.doc. I realize that  market conditions have not been favorable for doing much business with MHEB, but we need to give this deal more attention.  We are working on other business opportunities with MHEB, and how we handle this deal will affect future relationships with them.    In an effort to generate information with which to formulate strategies to better service MHEB, please maintain the price log located at: M:Eservices/MIDWEST SERVICE DEALS/Manitoba/MHEB Price Log/MHEB November'01.doc. In addition to prices, both hourly and next day, record any relevant market information (see the log for examples). Include responsibility for handling MHEB in the daily transition to the night shift.  Dean will coordinate these efforts. Please call me (cell - 713-962-0526) with any questions.  Thank you!=20
JD
Don,
I am glad that we had a chance to talk this morning. I am pleased that I
have your support for our Into Cinergy hourly index.
I am attaching the draft of our methodology and our confidentiality
agreement. Pleased forward your comments and/or suggestions.
I look forward to working with you and meeting you.
Thank you,
Lisa Lawson
Markets Editor
Megawatt Daily
713-939-5802
llawson@ftenegy.com