Sorry-- Twanda knows the drill. We have a temp.
James Derrick@
Sent by: Stephanie Harris@
07/13/2000 04:12 PM
Mr. Derrick has sent this document to me to expedite with V & E and himself In the future, please send these litigation documents to me.  There are 
things I have been instructed to do with these documents for all lawyers 
before Mr. Derrick or Vinson & Elkins sees them.   Thanks, Steph 
Twanda Sweet@ECT
07/13/2000 02:27 PM
Attached is the weekly litigation Status Report.
Twanda Sweet
What happened to "I am good with names"
Lisa Mellencamp
03/24/2000 03:02 PM
think so
Please be advised that a conference call has just been scheduled regarding 
Project Stanley and has been set for Friday, July 14, 2000, 10:30am central 
time.
The dial in number for this call is 1-800-998-2462.  The pincode is 4309724 
4 things:
1. You are right ---something is off about this guy. His behavior is 
irrational.
2. You are right--- you are obsessing about this too much. Relax and go back 
on vacation.
3. I handle personal matters for people all the time. This one is pretty 
minor. If it becomes more involved, we can talk about it then.
4. Relax and go back on vacation.
I will talk to you on Tues.
David W Delainey
07/13/2000 08:53 PM
Richard, I think I am starting to obsess and I really don't want you guys 
working on this; however, it think that it is very odd that this Griffin guy 
over an eight week process, two registered letters and a phone conversation 
does not send a letter or bring up this "Chrome Dreams" issue from 1986 with 
us until this lawsuit is filed without our knowledge.
This guys sounds a little off.
Delainey
Can you go to lunch next Tues, Wed, or Thurs?
Please put this letter on my letterhead and lets send
Eric Gillaspie
07/06/2000 05:43 PM
Richard,
Attached for your review and comment the demand letter to Four-Four, Inc for its failure to pay United Rentals.
Thanks,
Eric Gillaspie
713-345-7667
Enron Building 3886
I don't know what the deal with Doug is. Maybe we are a lot more aggressive 
than you when it comes to inviting ourselves on his vacation. I  knew he was 
going to be there. Late last week, Julie and I decided to go to Austin 
instead of her coming to Houston for the weekend. I called Doug and told him 
we were coming. My approach is that if he wants to say no he has one chance 
to to so. He didn't say no.
I should have called you earlier. Julie must have told me to call you 5 times 
on Sat. The truth is I am so freaking tired that I just didn't do it until 
Sun. We did want to stop by and visit but we will catch you next time. Love 
Richard
V&E represents us. Thanks
Britt Davis@
07/19/2000 11:01 AM
On July 12, service of process forms in these matters were forwarded to 
you.  To our knowledge, we have not received any instructions from ENA or GPG 
to go forward.  If this is in error, or if you do require representation from 
the Unit, please let me know.  Many thanks.
B.K.D.
Unless their is a reason having to do with the case( ie we can somehow 
recover our attys fees} I see no reason why we should separate the bills.Send 
me one bill.
SHoward@milbank.com
07/13/2000 07:55 PM
Richard: 
Spending a block of time on Busse's deposition this week focuses me on a 
question that we have never really discussed:? How would you like Milbank to? 
allocate its time between the Farallon and Legg-Mason cases?
To date, without really discussing it with you, we have (1) billed the 
Farallon and Legg-Mason cases separately and (2) allocated our time 
specifically relating to each case to that case but allocated "common" time 
entirely to the Farallon case.
Is this what you want? 
Should we just send one bill for the two cases together? 
If we continue separate bills, what should be the allocation principle Should common time be allocated all to Farallon (the current practice divided 50/50 between the two cases?? divided 18/5 between the two cases 
(i.e., allocated by the respective amounts in issue in the two cases 
Any thoughts? 
Steve 
I am now not good on those days. Friday is good or any day the next week. 
What about dinner with me and the kids any day this week?
"Sherry Radack"  	07/18/2000 07:13 PM
any of those days are good.  where.
Can you go to lunch next Tues, Wed, or Thurs?
As you will note from the attached e-mails there is some confusion regarding 
this bankrupcy. I have asked Linda Guinn to coordinate with you to make sure 
Enron is doing everything we need to do.
Linda R Guinn
07/17/2000 08:33 AM
Brenda:
I just got back from vacation and  read your e-mail regarding this 
bankruptcy.  Keeping that in mind, no bells are ringing about this 
bankruptcy.  If a POC was filed, it was done by Bonnie.  She handles most 
everything (inhouse) for us.  Please check her files.  I assume that Britt is 
stepping in for her while she's on vacation????  Let me know if you find a 
POC (if none was filed, then the ballot issue appears to be moot).
Thanks,
Linda
Brenda McAfee@
07/13/2000 02:22 PM
Linda,
Bonnie White asked me to work with you on gathering information about this 
bankruptcy.  The following sets forth the deadline schedule that I obtained 
from Pacer regarding this matter:
1)  6/12/00   - Voting Record Date to determine which creditors or entitled 
to vote to 
accept or reject the Plan
2)  7/21/00 @ 4:00 pm  - Objections due to Confirmation of the Plan
3)  7/21/00 @ 4:00 pm  - Deadline for ballots to accept or reject the Plan
4)  7/27/00 @ 9:30 am  - Confirmation hearing on the Plan
5)  7/31/00 @ 4:00 pm  - Objections due to assignment by Adair Supply
6)  8/14/00 @ 11:30 am  - Hearing re objections to claims of Enogex Expl.
I obtained from PACER a copy of the Claims Register Report and it lists ECT 
as having filed a claim on 3/23/00--but it does not reflect how much is the 
total claim.  Also, included in Debtor's 2d Amended Jt Disclosure Statement, 
it reflects that  Class 4 Creditors consists of all Allowed Unsecured Claims 
including ECT's claim arising from the termination of an Option (Corridor) 
dated 5/28/99 between MPC and Enron and the Confirmation of an Option 
(Collar) dated 11/6/98 between MPC and Enron (the "Enron Swaps 
I would appreciate your help with answering the following questions:
1)  Was a Proof of Claim filed on behalf of ECT and for how much?
2)  Who is the person who will handle filing out and signing the Ballot on 
behalf of ECT either rejecting or accepting the Plan
[which is due to be filed on or before 7/21/00].
3)  If we are not owed any monies by Michael Petroleum, or have not asserted 
a claim against Michael Petroleum, then we
can disregard sending in the ballot on behalf of ECT 
I have copies of all these documents, so if you need me to send you anything, 
please let me know.  I appreciate your help with this and please call me if 
any of this information is confusing.  Brenda x3-6536
I am the logical person to speak with B of A. I need to speak to Joel or Lisa 
to put  B of A's request in perspective.
Lisa Mellencamp
07/21/2000 11:43 AM
joel:
i think that if b of a wants info about the lawsuit (just filed) that best to 
talk to richard sanders only, not leboeuf. he is handling primarily and will 
be careful about what to say. richard what do you think? this is connection 
with  b of a doing due diligence on increasing their sub debt line to east 
coast power.
Lisa J. Mellencamp
Joel Ephross@
07/21/2000 11:12 AM
I doubt that I am the correct person to explain the Infineum 
matter--actually, I know that I am not. Should one of our litigators be 
involved in this discussion?
When Bill gets back to his office (around 3:30 ECT) we will give you a call
to discuss.  If possible, it would also be helpful to get an update on
progress made on understanding the claim filed by Infineum and possible
meeting times later next week to discuss the case with LeBouf, Lamb.
Dean
pull the plug
I have asked my paralegal, Linda Guinn, to help gather the documents. Her is 713-853-6104.
"Heath, Paul"  	07/20/2000 03:37 PM
Richard-
The following is a list of  initial due diligence items that we need
to review in advance of a more comprehensive meeting:
1. All closing documents for the Enron stock purchase and loan.
2. Corporate organizational chart for both personnel and legal entities.
3. All audited and interim financials on Ecogas since January of 1999 (on an
entity by entity basis, if available).
4. List of payables on a per entity basis.
5. All major customer contracts (e.g. Frito Lay), real property leases and
any leases at waste disposal sites.
6. Enron consulting agreement and any employment agreements.
7. Organizational documents for each entity.
8. List of intercompany payables.
9. All documents relating to long tem debt (e.g. bonds) and notes on trade
payables.
10. All internal Enron business and financial reports evaluating whether to
make the investment and any subsequent Enron business or financial reports
evaluating the business.
11. Legal analysis prepared by counsel to Enron regarding Ecogas.
12. Ecogas board minutes since July of 1999.
13. Any Ecogas business plans submitted to Enron.
14. Any appraisals or valuations of Egogas or its assets.
15. Information submitted to IRS in connection with request for private
letter ruling on Section 40 tax credits.
16. List of any transfers made to ENA by Ecogas since July of 1999.
17. Documents relating to Fidelity tax credits.
18. Documents relating to Freshgas letter of credit.
These documents should give us a good start in evaluating the situation.
Please feel free to send them to me on a piecemeal basis. Thanks again for
using V&E on this engagement and I very much look forward to working with
you and your team.
Paul Heath
Vinson & Elkins L.L.P.
3700 Trammell Crow Center
2001 Ross Avenue
Dallas, Texas 75201-2975
Phone 214.220.7976
Fax 214.999.7976
E-mail pheath@velaw.com
PRIVILEGED AND CONFIDENTIAL
Contains attorney-client communications and or attorney work product
Please coordinate with Milbank to get the requested documents under #5
Lisa Mellencamp
07/19/2000 01:15 PM
divide and conquer strategy devised with paul aronzon at milbank:
1. i am getting local thai counsel. have email richard out to bruce lundstrum 
re. we will file a claim even tho not submitted to cedrac procedures.
2.brian is getting a hold of jim ajello to have him call the other c 
bondholders to alert them as to the aug. 7 filing deadline since we were 
holding hands with them.
3.paul is calling cleary to document the handshake deal on what the c holders 
will get from the bs.
4.when that happens brian you and jim will need to call back the other c 
bondholders.
5.richard can you have the paralegal working on the case (was it linda?) pull 
the underwriting agreement, the shareholders agreement and the management 
agreement and anywhere else we think there may be an indemnity to file any 
indemnity claim we can think of? also can you do a short description of the 
lawsuit to put in the proof of claim??
6.paul is getting a general update of the status. of the case and the 
facility. 
Lisa J. Mellencamp
Have him send it directly with a cover letter to me.
Bob Licato
07/18/2000 05:37 PM
Stuart Alderoty and Lou Smith will be the lead attorneys for LLGM on this 
case.   I told them that you would be point person for ECP and they have  
requested the following information:
1.  Copy of all correspondence with Infinium
2.  ECP organization chart and contact list including Enron contacts for this 
case.
3.  List of potential factual witnesses.
Can you please put this information together 
Lisa/Richard,  Can Gary send this directly to LLGM with a copy to you or do 
you want all documentation to go to you and you will send it to LLGM.
Address is: Lou Smith & Stuart Alderoty
Leboeuf, Lamb, Greene & Macrae
1 Riverfont Plaxa
Newark, NJ 07102-5490
Yes.
DCreed@milbank.com
07/18/2000 05:19 PM
I have just added your email address to Paul Aronzon's online contact list.
Please return this email to me as confirmation that it is correct.  Thanks.
- att1.htm
Did you know about these?
Becky Zikes@
07/13/2000 04:25 PM
This is to advise you that there are two nationwide private natural gas 
royalty cases that have been filed in the Eastern District of Texas before 
Judge Hannah.  Neither lists Enron Corp or any of its subsidiaries as a 
defendant.  Both cases are class actions.  Neither is a Qui Tam action.  The 
allegations are similar to those in the other Lufkin gas royalty cases.
The first, in Civil Action 9:99cv255, was filed September 20, 1999.  The 
plaintiff is Jack D. Stirman, a Colorado resident.  The defendants are Mobil 
Oil Corporation, Mobil Natural Gas, Inc., Mobil Exploration and Producing 
Southeast, Inc., Mobil Exploration and Producing Texas & New Mexico, Inc. and 
Mobil Exploration and Producing U.S. 
The second, Civil Action 9:00cv140, was filed June 8, 2000.  The plaintiffs 
are Melanie Sawyer Levengood of Vacaville, CA and Douglas T. Babb of Juneau, 
WI.  The defendants are Shell Oil Company, Shell Exploration & Production 
Company, Shell Offshore, Inc., Shell Western E&P, Inc. and Shell Gas Trading 
Company.
Michael A. Havard of Provost and Umphey in Beaumont is representing the 
plaintiffs in both cases.  Robert R. Herring, Jr. of Fleming & Asso. of 
Houston, signed the Stirman complaint.
Both cases are posted on the Eastern District of Texas website at 
www.edtx.uscourts.gov.  Enter the site and look under "Frequently Requested 
Cases".  You may also call me at Ext. 31843 to request a copy.
Regarding the Gene Wright v. AGIP, et al gas royalty case, Barry Hunsaker 
told me that even though Enron Corp. and Enron Oil and Gas had  been dropped 
as defendants in the Second Original Amended Complaint , (both entities were 
named in  Original and First Original Amended Complaints),  both are again 
named as defendants in the Third Original Amended Complaint which was filed 
on June 13, 2000.    The firm of Verner, Liipfert, who represented the 
plaintiffs, had a conflict with EOG, and Barry indicated they dropped Enron 
and EOG to preserve the case.  That conflict has now been resolved.  The June 
13 complaint is not yet on the website, so Barry is having a copy made for us.
If you have any questions, please call me at Ext. 31843.
I talked to Delainey last week and he said he wanted to have a meeting to 
discuss. This analysis is interesting.
James Ledlow
07/17/2000 04:55 PM
Attached please find the revised summary for Antara.  Please delete the 
previous file you received and replace with this version.
Pricing has the biggest impact on valuation from where we were 6 months ago, 
as depicted in the operations cash flow section for the Gulf Coast.
As discussed, risk factors are estimates and are subjective.
The Proved Undeveloped (PUD) reserves in the Rockies are based on the 
Netherland and Sewell (NSA) 1/1/99 reserve report and do not reflect what 
Enron thought 6 months ago.  Our in-house estimates of the PUD reserves are 
50-75% of NSA and would indicate a current unrisked value for the PUDs of 
perhaps $4-5 million.  However, a potential acquirer may just use the NSA 
numbers and risk adjust as I have done in the spreadsheet.
Let me know if you have any questions.
Thanks,
Jim Ledlow
Sorry about the delay in getting back to you. I would do a separate heading. 
I am not sure who needs to approve this other than me. When Whalley was head 
trader and COO, he approved. I do not know if it should be Lavo or Delainey. 
If you know, send it to me and I will get it signed. If you are uncertain, my 
paralegal, Linda Guinn, will find out. 
Greg Johnston
07/20/2000 11:31 AM
Richard, further to my voice-mail, I was just following up as to how you 
would like to proceed with addressing Enron Canada Corp. in the new tape 
retention policy.  As I had indicated, Rob Milnthorp has requested that the 
following two Enron Canada positions have authority to approve the listening 
of voice recordings in the Calgary office, on behalf of Enron Canada Corp.:
Chief Executive Officer
Head of Trading
Rob's preference is not to specify particular persons but to identify the 
titles instead.
Can you let me know how you would like to address this issue.  I would think 
it is merely a matter of adding these two positions to the schedule 
identifying who has authority to approve the listening of the tapes.  The 
only problem is that the "Managing Director" wording could conflict with the 
title identification that Rob wants to use for Enron Canada.  Perhaps in that 
schedule, we could add a separate heading for Enron Canada.
Thanks
Greg
If this letter has not yet gone out, we should include the kitchen sink of 
perceived problems. I agree that the letter should be short, but lets 
eliminate their argument that we did not give complete notice.
Kay Mann@
07/13/2000 12:13 PM
Mitch,
Here's a first draft.  Please suggest any additional complaints/shortfalls 
which we need to raise.  It is better to be all inclusive than leave 
something out.
Richard, any ideas or comments?
Kay
I will call you about this matter this week.
Robert Quick
07/13/2000 05:11 AM
Just to notify you that we have a dispute with the above company regarding 
purchase from Globoil of gas condensate. The issue in dispute is a point of 
construction of the agreement. The amount in dispute is around USD500,000. 
Michael has agreed that we use Linklaters as the litigation lawyers; Globoil 
is using Herbert Smith. tks 
Has any action been taken on this request by Shankman?
Richard B Sanders
07/13/2000 12:40 PM
Darren P Adamik
05/26/2000 10:05 AM
FYI 
Jeff Shankman and Fred Lagrasta are trying to change Enron's Tape Retention 
Policy from four months to forever on a number of individuals in their 
group.  Due to the inner workings of our recording system, selective tape 
retention is impossible.  It is a all or none type of situation.  Please 
review this email and our current Tape Retention Policy and decide what 
course of action is needed.  As you know this email is not enough to 
permanently stop the company's retention policy.  A new policy would need to 
be drafted and signed by John Lavorato and yourself before this could occur.
If you have any questions, please call me at 853-4764
,
Darren Adamik
Mgr.-Trading Technology
Barbara Lewis
05/26/2000 07:49 AM
Barbara Lewis
05/26/2000 07:46 AM
Per Jeff Shankman-
The attached document reflects the ENA Gas Risk Management & Middle Marketing 
Groups.
Everyone who appears on the list has a recorded line.  I am aware that all 
tapes are destroyed 
after a certain time period; however, it is imperative that these particular 
tapes are never destroyed.
Please archive these tapes in a secure location.
If additional information is needed please contact me @ x3-5085.
Many thanks,
Barbara Lewis
let me know when she will be coming
I am fine with the Chamber of Commerce arbitration, especially in light of 
the small amount of potential exposure. Could you send me a copy of the 
opinion from our local counsel.
Robert C Williams@_DEVELOPMENT
07/18/2000 04:30 PM
Jim,
As you know, Jeff Skilling has approved opening a trading operation in 
Columbia.   The company's open position at any one time will be no more than 
$500,000.  Jeff Hodge and Francisco Pinto-Leite have been working  on the 
trading contracts.  Our businesspeople inform us that they will not be able 
to obtain counterparties' agreement to international arbitration.  We, for 
our part, are unwilling to agree to refer all disputes to the Colombia 
courts.  The best option appears to be arbitration conducted under the 
auspices of the Bogota Chamber of Commerce.  We have obtained a written 
opinion from local counsel, Figueroa Sierra & Asociados, opining that this 
body has a proven record of conducting arbitrations fairly, without bias, and 
free from corruption.  In particular, foreign parties have been treated 
without discrimination, winning their fair share of awards.  We are 
requesting that we be permitted to accept the Bogota Chamber of Commerce as 
the exclusive forum for resolving any disputes that might arise under our 
trading contracts.   I am aware that we have accepted local arbitration for 
trading disputes in Buenos Aries; I am not sure whether we have done so in 
Europe.
Please let me know if this is acceptable to you, or if would like additional 
information 
Thank you.
See Below
Richard B Sanders
07/23/2000 09:27 AM
Has any action been taken on this request by Shankman?
Richard B Sanders
07/13/2000 12:40 PM
Darren P Adamik
05/26/2000 10:05 AM
FYI 
Jeff Shankman and Fred Lagrasta are trying to change Enron's Tape Retention 
Policy from four months to forever on a number of individuals in their 
group.  Due to the inner workings of our recording system, selective tape 
retention is impossible.  It is a all or none type of situation.  Please 
review this email and our current Tape Retention Policy and decide what 
course of action is needed.  As you know this email is not enough to 
permanently stop the company's retention policy.  A new policy would need to 
be drafted and signed by John Lavorato and yourself before this could occur.
If you have any questions, please call me at 853-4764
,
Darren Adamik
Mgr.-Trading Technology
Barbara Lewis
05/26/2000 07:49 AM
Barbara Lewis
05/26/2000 07:46 AM
Per Jeff Shankman-
The attached document reflects the ENA Gas Risk Management & Middle Marketing 
Groups.
Everyone who appears on the list has a recorded line.  I am aware that all 
tapes are destroyed 
after a certain time period; however, it is imperative that these particular 
tapes are never destroyed.
Please archive these tapes in a secure location.
If additional information is needed please contact me @ x3-5085.
Many thanks,
Barbara Lewis
I have attached a copy of a demand letter that may be appropriate in this 
situation.  Please let me know if you have any thoughts.
This will confirm that our next conference call regarding Project Stanley 
will be Friday, August 4th at 10:30 a.m. central.  The dial-in number and 
password are the same:  1-800-998-2462    passcode 4303724  
He is taken care of.
Jeffrey T Hodge
07/25/2000 02:19 PM
Richard,
Did you ever talk to John about this?
Jeff
John Berger
07/18/2000 10:31 AM
Jeff,
I am looking for a good patent attorney for personal reasons.  I talked to 
Elizabeth but she was unable to think of someone.  Do you know of anybody Thanks for your help.
,
John Berger
Yes. I am the contact person at Enron. The LLGM attys should send me copies 
of all pleadings and drafts of any important pleadings--answers, 
counterclaims or motions for summary judgement--before they are filed. As for 
contact with the ECP people, I think your litigators can call them directly 
for incidental information. Any strategy calls should be made through me. I 
would suggest that they give me the option of participating on the initial 
calls w/ the ECP witnesses. I wil;l likely decline because of time 
constraints. Is that as clear as mud?
"JOHN G KLAUBERG"  	07/25/2000 09:12 AM
Richard:  Could you let me know at your convenience if you should be the 
contact person for any LeBoeuf lawyer with respect to any correspondence, 
papers, questions, etc. in this matter.  Do you want us to be sending any 
drafts of court papers that we prepare, for example, to ECP simultaneously 
with sending them to you or after you have reviewed them?  I assume our 
litigators can contact the ECP folks directly to obtain any information or 
other materials that they may need, but please let me know if you would 
rather that they work through you.  Thanks, Richard.  I hope that all is 
going well.  John
" John Klauberg
LeBoeuf, Lamb, Greene & MacRae, L.L.P.
212 424-8125
jklauber@llgm.com
" John Klauberg
LeBoeuf, Lamb, Greene & MacRae, L.L.P.
212 424-8125
jklauber@llgm.com
I have no changes to the Beeson disclosure
=09Gary Peng@
=0907/24/2000 03:53 PM
=09=09=20
Find below the Litigation and Other Contingencies footnote from the the March=20
31, 2000 Form 10-Q.  Please update the section of the disclosure for which=20
you are responsible for inclusion in the second quarter 2000 Form 10Q . =20
Also, please let me know if there are any new items that should be considered.
Please respond no later than Tueday August 1.
Gary
3-6841
3.  Litigation and Other Contingencies
Enron is a party to various claims and litigation, the significant items of=20
which are discussed below.  Although no assurances can be given, Enron=20
believes, based on its experience to date and after considering appropriate=20
reserves that have been established, that the ultimate resolution of such=20
items, individually or in the aggregate, will not have a material adverse=20
impact on Enron=01,s financial position or its results of operations.
Litigation.  In 1995, several parties (the Plaintiffs) filed suit in Harris=20
County District Court in Houston, Texas, against Intratex Gas Company=20
(Intratex), Houston Pipe Line Company and Panhandle Gas Company=20
(collectively, the Enron Defendants), each of which is a wholly-owned=20
subsidiary of Enron.  The Plaintiffs were either sellers or royalty owners=20
under numerous gas purchase contracts with Intratex, many of which have=20
terminated.  Early in 1996, the case was severed by the Court into two=20
matters to be tried (or otherwise resolved) separately.  In the first matter,=20
the Plaintiffs alleged that the Enron Defendants committed fraud and=20
negligent misrepresentation in connection with the =01&Panhandle program,=018 a=20
special marketing program established in the early 1980s.  This case was=20
tried in October 1996 and resulted in a verdict for the Enron Defendants.  In=20
the second matter, the Plaintiffs allege that the Enron Defendants violated=20
state regulatory requirements and certain gas purchase contracts by failing=20
to take the Plaintiffs=01, gas ratably with other producers=01, gas at certain=20
times between 1978 and 1988.  The trial court certified a class action with=20
respect to ratability claims.  On March 9, 2000, the Texas Supreme Court=20
ruled that the trial court=01,s class certification was improper and remanded=20
the case to the trial court.  The Enron Defendants deny the Plaintiffs=01,=20
claims and have asserted various affirmative defenses, including the statute=20
of limitations.  The Enron Defendants believe that they have strong legal and=20
factual defenses, and intend to vigorously contest the claims.  Although no=20
assurances can be given, Enron believes that the ultimate resolution of these=20
matters will not have a material adverse effect on its financial position or=20
results of operations.
On November 21, 1996, an explosion occurred in or around the Humberto Vidal=20
Building in San Juan, Puerto Rico.  The explosion resulted in fatalities,=20
bodily injuries and damage to the building and surrounding property.  San=20
Juan Gas Company, Inc. (San Juan), an Enron subsidiary, operated a=20
propane/air distribution system in the vicinity.  Although San Juan did not=20
provide service to the building, the National Transportation Safety Board=20
(NTSB) concluded that the probable cause of the incident was propane leaking=20
from San Juan=01,s distribution system.  San Juan and Enron strongly disagree. =20
The NTSB found no path of migration of propane from San Juan=01,s system to the=20
building and no forensic evidence that propane fueled the explosion.  Enron,=20
San Juan, and four San Juan affiliates have been named, along with several=20
third parties, as defendants in numerous lawsuits filed in U.S. District=20
Court for the district of Puerto Rico and the Superior Court of Puerto Rico. =20
These suits, which seek damages for wrongful death, personal injury, business=20
interruption and property damage, allege that negligence of Enron, San Juan=20
and its affiliates, among others, caused the explosion.  Enron, San Juan and=20
its affiliates are vigorously contesting the claims.  Although no assurances=20
can be given, Enron believes that the ultimate resolution of these matters=20
will not have a material adverse effect on its financial position or results=20
of operations.
Trojan Investment Recovery.  In early 1993, PGE ceased commercial operation=20
of Trojan.  In April 1996 a circuit court judge in Marion County, Oregon,=20
found that the OPUC could not authorize PGE to collect a return on its=20
undepreciated investment in Trojan, contradicting a November 1994 ruling from=20
the same court.  The ruling was the result of an appeal of PGE=01,s March 1995=20
general rate order which granted PGE recovery of, and a return on, 87% of its=20
remaining investment in Trojan.  The 1994 ruling was appealed to the Oregon=20
Court of Appeals and was stayed pending the appeal of the OPUC=01,s March 1995=20
order.  Both PGE and the OPUC separately appealed the April 1996 ruling,=20
which appeals were combined with the appeal of the November 1994 ruling at=20
the Oregon Court of Appeals.  On June 24, 1998, the Court of Appeals of the=20
State of Oregon ruled that the OPUC does not have the authority to allow PGE=20
to recover a rate of return on its undepreciated investment in the Trojan=20
generating facility.  The court upheld the OPUC=01,s authorization of PGE=01,s=20
recovery of its undepreciated investment in Trojan.
PGE and the OPUC each filed petitions for review with the Oregon Supreme=20
Court.  On August 26, 1998, the Utility Reform Project filed a petition for=20
review with the Oregon Supreme Court seeking review of that portion of the=20
Oregon Court of Appeals decision relating to PGE=01,s recovery of its=20
undepreciated investment in Trojan.  On April 29, 1999, the Oregon Supreme=20
Court accepted the petitions for review.  On June 16, 1999, Oregon House Bill=20
3220 authorizing the OPUC to allow recovery of a return on the undepreciated=20
investment in property retired from service was signed.  One of the effects=20
of the bill is to affirm retroactively the OPUC=01,s authority to allow PGE=01,s=20
recovery of a return on its undepreciated investment in the Trojan generating=20
facility.
Relying on the new legislation, on July 2, 1999, PGE requested the Oregon=20
Supreme Court to vacate the June 24, 1998, adverse ruling of the Oregon Court=20
of Appeals, affirm the validity of the OPUC=01,s order allowing PGE to recover a=20
return on its undepreciated investment in Trojan and to reverse its decision=20
accepting the Utility Reform Project=01,s petition for review.  The Utility=20
Reform Project and the Citizens Utility Board, another party to the=20
proceeding, opposed such request and submitted to the Oregon Secretary of=20
State sufficient signatures in support of placing a referendum to negate the=20
new legislation on the November 2000 ballot.  The Oregon Supreme Court has=20
indicated it will defer hearing the matter until after the November 2000=20
elections.  Enron cannot predict the outcome of these actions.  Additionally,=20
due to uncertainties in the regulatory process, management cannot predict,=20
with certainty, what ultimate rate-making action the OPUC will take regarding=20
PGE=01,s recovery of a rate of return on its Trojan investment.  Although no=20
assurances can be given, Enron believes that the ultimate resolution of these=20
matters will not have a material adverse effect on its financial position or=20
results of operations.
Environmental Matters.  Enron is subject to extensive federal, state and=20
local environmental laws and regulations.  These laws and regulations require=20
expenditures in connection with the construction of new facilities, the=20
operation of existing facilities and for remediation at various operating=20
sites.  The implementation of the Clean Air Act Amendments is expected to=20
result in increased operating expenses.  These increased operating expenses=20
are not expected to have a material impact on Enron=01,s financial position or=20
results of operations.
The Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) has informed Enron that it is a=20
potentially responsible party at the Decorah Former Manufactured Gas Plant=20
Site (the Decorah Site) in Decorah, Iowa, pursuant to the provisions of the=20
Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act (CERCLA,=20
also commonly known as Superfund).  The manufactured gas plant in Decorah=20
ceased operations in 1951.  A predecessor company of Enron purchased the=20
Decorah Site in 1963.  Enron=01,s predecessor did not operate the gas plant and=20
sold the Decorah Site in 1965.  The EPA alleges that hazardous substances=20
were released to the environment during the period in which Enron=01,s=20
predecessor owned the site, and that Enron=01,s predecessor assumed the=20
liabilities of the company that operated the plant.  Enron contests these=20
allegations.  To date, the EPA has identified no other potentially=20
responsible parties with respect to this site.  Under the terms of=20
administrative orders, Enron replaced affected topsoil and removed impacted=20
subsurface soils in certain areas of the tract where the plant was formerly=20
located.  Enron completed the final removal actions at the site in November=20
1998 and concluded all remaining site activities in the spring of 1999. =20
Enron submitted a final report on the work conducted at the site to the EPA. =20
Enron does not expect to incur material expenditures in connection with this=20
site.
Enron=01,s natural gas pipeline companies conduct soil and groundwater=20
remediation on a number of their facilities.  Enron does not expect to incur=20
material expenditures in connection with soil and groundwater remediation.
This disclosure is fine.
Christine Lee
07/24/2000 02:22 PM
I understand that you are the contact  for the Infineum lawsuit.  Please take 
a look at the proposed disclosure.
Christine Lee
07/22/2000 11:24 AM
To bring you guys up to date:
I met with VE and AA on Thursday to discuss assign responsibility for 
appropriate sections of the document.  VE is editing "the Exchange Offer", is 
coordinating edits to "Regulation" with the original ENE drafters of the 
section.  ECP is responsible for drafting/editing the remainder of the 
document.
We discussed a number of relevant issues:
Is this document a "post effective amendment" to the original S-4 filed 12/15 
given that we will not be registering additional securities.  VE is going to 
follow up with our examiner at the exchange to determine if we still have an 
Edgar filing number.  I suspect the answer is no.  VE is also going to 
discuss our approach with the examiner to give him the heads up on what we 
are doing.
Is disclosure of the recap required?  After conversation with Doug Bland we 
came to the conclusion that no disclosure was required.   This was based on 
the facts that 1). no agreement has been entered into.  There is not a term 
sheet etc.  2).  We will need lender consent.
There will be disclosure of the Infineum litigation.  See below for draft 
language.  Please forward any comments to me.
Timing:
Monday evening - turn changes though the F pages Monday evening.
Mon/Tues - AA begins SAS 71 review 
Late Tuesday - distribute document (w/o F pages) for preliminary internal 
review. Licato, Evans, Stappenbeck, Keevill, Plants, Mellencamp, Lydecker
Thursday/Friday - Turn F pages
Infineum Litigation
On June 30, 2000, Infineum USA L.P. filed an action against us in the United 
States District Court for the District of New Jersey seeking an unspecified 
amount of actual and punitive damages relating to our steam sale agreements 
with Infineum and Bayway Refining.  Infineum's petition claims that our 
existing energy services agreement with Tosco and the related amendment to 
the steam sale agreement with Bayway, interferes with Infineum's ability to 
sell to Bayway steam that Infineum purchases from our Linden facility Infineum calims that such interference is in violation of federal and New 
Jersey antitrust laws, is in breach of our agreement with Infineum and 
tortiously interferes with Infineum's economic relationships with Bayway.  We 
believe the claims made in this litigation are without merit and we intend to 
defend these actions vigorously.  Although no assurances can be given, we 
believe that the ultimate resolution of this litigation will not have a 
material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial position. 
Please let me know if you have any comments on the above.
Please find the attached weekly report.
What about all the deranged postal workers?
stooping so low as to hurl infantile insults at your youngest and
most freckled sibling?  when i get back stateside i fully intend to
show you the meaning of respect (upside your head), you ol' no
english pea eatin', medley molestin', 80 hours a week workin',
corporate slavin', too big house buyin', Hilton Head Renaissance
Weekend wannabe attendin', power tie wearin', Houston rationalizin',
adult-oriented rock easy listenin', chilluns with mutant voices
sirin' and coke bottle-itis lookin' knucklehead!
the matter of the telephone # is one of some confusion at the moment,
for mama claims she cannot reach me.  for a long while the following
was it:
001 81 06 696 2566
but this year osakatown added an extra number, a 6, making it:
001 81 06 6696 2566
it should be no worry, and inside merry old nippon it has not been.
mama has problems, but they should not be from this side.  joel
reached me two weeks ago.
would like to hear from you, brotherman, but hurry not.  i am going
nowhere anytime soon.  later for you -
rolland
ps - hakeem's decline must be sad to watch.  is it knees?
_______________________________________________________________
Get Free Email and Do More On The Web. Visit  
Richard B Sanders
02/18/99 09:45 AM
Great idea --- maybe we can call mom and get Norman Cornelius' number. Then, 
if we time it right, we can get in on the ground floor of a new Ponzi 
scheme multilevel marketing  bond offering debt to 
eqity play---er--loan to my once financial adviser turned 
homebuilder   "sure thing" ---Ponzi scheme.
We could agree to non exclusive jurisdiction in Tenn., but not exclusive 
jurisdiction.  As for the arbitration forum, my preference would be a major 
regional metro area--Atlanta comes to mind.
Janice R Moore
07/25/2000 01:13 PM
This is the note I just mentioned.  The question to you is in the last 
paragraph.
,
Janice
EB3861
Janice R Moore
07/20/2000 06:41 PM
Recapping our call w/ Keith Simmons (TEPAC's outside counsel) this afternoon, 
we still have the following issues to resolve (the first three are the most 
important to TEPAC).
(1)  Subrogation against TVA -- Keith doubts that TEPAC would ever agree to 
Section 4.5, despite our expressed need to be able to challenge TVA directly 
on its cut of energy we attempt to deliver or its calculation of Replacement 
Costs.  Keith suggested that Jason and Phil speak directly to Larry Hamilton 
about this subject, and they will attempt to do that soon (2)  Mitigation Duty --  They are not comfortable w/ a duty to mitigate 
Replacement Cost damages that are calculated by TVA b/c they cannot foresee 
circumstances where any action or failure to act could have any impact on 
those damages.  We explained that we wanted the Distributors to have every 
incentive to cooperate w/ us in keeping those damages minimized.  They might 
be willing to concede on this point if we can work out everything else (3)  EPMI's Cover Damages --  They are not very comfortable agreeing to the 
concept that a Distributor would have to pay damages to EPMI b/c they cannot 
imagine how they could be responsible for failing to receive an "into" 
product such as this.  We both agreed to reconsider this.
(4)  Criteria for Enron's rejection of Distributor -- Our right to approve 
Distributors is ok, but they want to add language to prevent EPMI from being 
arbitrary about those approvals.  We agreed.
(5)  Notice of changes to underlying agreements -- Their duty to notify us it 
ok, but they want to add language that is in line w/ their Distributor 
agreements, which don't absolutely require Distributors to tell TEPAC 
everything.  We agreed.
(6)  Request for offers --  They would prefer that EPMI call them every day 
w/ quotes (which is how Williams does it now), rather than having to initiate 
the process.  We described this as our normal way of doing business and they 
agreed.
(7)  Indemnity clause -- We struck a sentence about each party indemnifying 
the other while they have title to the power, which had been included in our 
earlier draft.  I agreed to look into this (8)  Governing Law and Arbitration -- TEPAC is ok w/ NY law, but would prefer 
including a clause requiring EPMI to sue TEPAC or any distributor in 
Tennessee (even tho Keith thinks that would be the legal result anyway They would also prefer to have the arbitration situs in Tennessee.  We both 
agreed to reconsider this.  Richard:  What do you think about that?
Any comments are welcome.
,
Janice
EB3861
What is your address?
I will pledge $250.00, Enron will match $250.00 for a total contribution of 
$500.00
Please make the check payable to Julie Parraguirre and deliver it to me at EB 
3827. Julie will giveTammy a cashiers check on the last day of school. Thanks 
for your help and tell Amanda thanks.
Those things are such a waste of time- trying to condense 8 points of error 
and 6 weeks of trial in a 20 minute argument. Bill did a very good job. The 
opposing counsel quickly reverted to personal attacks against Bill, which did 
not go over well. Union's main point was that the judge wrongly applied La. 
law. Two of the justices expressed doubts about Union's argument. I 
personally think the choice of law argument is a weak argument for Union. The 
remainder of the time was spent analizing a particular provisition of the gas 
purchase agreement between Union and the utility district. In short, you 
didn't miss much.
Please send me a copy of the pleading. fax # 713-646-3393
I wanted to make sure you are aware of this since it may be an ECT issue This is a very minor case ($60K) and the only reason Enron is a named 
defendant is for an accounting of money paid for this disputed gas.  I am 
trying to figure out whether this is EESI or ECT gas.  Some research so far 
indicates that it may be neither of ours.  I will handle this for now and try 
to get us out of this, unless you have a burning desire to deal with 
Plaintiff's counsel in Marietta, OH 
Please give me a call at 614-791-6181 if you have any questions.  MDS
Enron Energy Services
I understand you may be able to shed some light on this.  I have received a 
complaint naming ECT as a defendant, filed by Jeff Brown, dba M&J Energy The allegation is that his partner, Mr Buckey is diverting payments for gas 
purchased from  wells owned by Brown, Buckey and others.  The wells are 
described in the complaint as Rea #1 and #2 and Cullen #1 and $2 in 
Washington County, OH (Marietta).  ECT is named b/c ECT is buying the gas 
from the well and allegedly paying the wrong person for the gas (I can't see 
how that gives rise to any claim, but that's beside the point).
I can't find where EES is buying gas from this well, so that leaves you.  Is 
this ECT's gas?  MDS
Enron Energy Services
Do any of you know anything about wellhead purchases in Washington County 
from Jeff Brown, M&J Energy, CMB Investments, James Buckey, Samuel Buckey Thanks
Please add me to the list
- 1l4z01!.WPD
Attached please find a Settlement Letter regarding the above referenced.
1. Steve Radack, Harris County 
Commissioner                  2. Joe Nixon,Tex State Rep
3. My brother-in-law is Communications Director for Sen. Ernest "Fritz" 
Hollins of South Carolina
Richard Sanders 
ECT Asst. Gen. Counsel
Send the drafts at the same time.
"JOHN G KLAUBERG"  	07/26/2000 04:33 PM
Richard:  actually, it is pretty clear.  We definitely would never file any 
papers without running them through you.  But on drafts of papers should we 
get your clearance first before sending to ECP or should we send out drafts 
to each of you simultaneously.  I assume the latter.  Could you let me know 
if you think differently.  Thanks, Richard, and I'm sure we will be speaking 
soon.  John
" John Klauberg
LeBoeuf, Lamb, Greene & MacRae, L.L.P.
212 424-8125
jklauber@llgm.com
Yes. I am the contact person at Enron. The LLGM attys should send me copies
of all pleadings and drafts of any important pleadings--answers,
counterclaims or motions for summary judgement--before they are filed. As
for contact with the ECP people, I think your litigators can call them
directly for incidental information. Any strategy calls should be made
through me. I would suggest that they give me the option of participating
on the initial calls w/ the ECP witnesses. I wil;l likely decline because
of time constraints. Is that as clear as mud?
"JOHN G
07/25/2000
09:12 AM
Richard:  Could you let me know at your convenience if you should be the
contact person for any LeBoeuf lawyer with respect to any correspondence,
papers, questions, etc. in this matter.  Do you want us to be sending any
drafts of court papers that we prepare, for example, to ECP simultaneously
with sending them to you or after you have reviewed them?  I assume our
litigators can contact the ECP folks directly to obtain any information or
other materials that they may need, but please let me know if you would
rather that they work through you.  Thanks, Richard.  I hope that all is
going well.  John
" John Klauberg
LeBoeuf, Lamb, Greene & MacRae, L.L.P.
212 424-8125
jklauber@llgm.com
" John Klauberg
LeBoeuf, Lamb, Greene & MacRae, L.L.P.
212 424-8125
jklauber@llgm.com
Does this mean you get bigger cushioned chairs?
I am pleased to announce that Kristina Mordaunt has been promoted to Vice 
President and General Counsel, Structured Finance for ECT.
Kristina joined ECT in 1993 from the Houston law firm of Butler & Binion 
where she specialized in public finance, project finance and asset 
securitized transactions.  Since 1996 she has held the position of Vice 
President and Assistant General Counsel with primary responsibility for the 
legal matters associated with structured finance transactions including off 
balance sheet funding vehicles, structured prepays, monetizations of existing 
assets and financing for acquisitions.
Please join me in congratulating Kristina on her promotion.
Dude---- I will be in London in late July. How far is it to Poland?
I am familiar with one active case and one threatened litigation involving 
the companies on the Investment Portfolio list.  Steel Dynamics has been sued 
for securities fraud involving the NSM transaction.  Cgas has been threatened 
with litigation by Jerry Jordan, the former CEO.  Jerry Jordan disagrees with 
Cgas' evaluation of the stock he retained (which is subject to a buyout 
provision).  We think it is worth +/- 500,000.  He thinks it is worth +/- 1.5 
million.
I have not recieved this document.
Becky Stephens@
05/28/99 11:04 AM
The following documents, received today, have been forwarded for your=20
immediate review and consideration:
State of Texas and The County of Galveston, Texas v. Theodore Turk, et al.,=20
No. 46051, In the Probate Court of Galveston County, Texas.  LETTER OF=20
4/16/99, PLAINTIFF=01,S FIRST AMENDED STATEMENT, OATH, ORDER SETTING HEARING,=20
THREE (3) SEPARATE NOTICES OF HEARING & ATTACHMENTS to Houston Pipe Line=20
Company on 5/27/99.
IF YOU DO NOT RECEIVE THEM WITHIN 1 BUSINESS DAY, PLEASE ADVISE.
Thank you, Becky Stephens
The JLM  case has settled for the full amont of the claim--app. $1.7 mm.
The KN case has tentatively settled for app. $19.4 mm. The settlement 
agreements have not been signed. 
Attached is a letter regarding the above referenced.  Please contact Richard 
Sanders if you have any questions.
Thanks
Twanda
Thanks for calling Larry Reichman.  I am assuming that you will handle his 
request and let me know if there is anything more I need to do.
Richard
This may be of interest to you.
Thought you might find this interesting.
I have printed out the Petition and Exhibits and highlighted the key points If
you want me to send it up your way, just send back an email.
Coho Energy Files Suit Against Hicks Muse Affiliates
DALLAS--(BUSINESS WIRE)--May 27, 1999--Coho Energy Inc. (Nasdaq:COHO - news)
today announced that it has filed suit against five affiliates of
Hicks, Muse, Tate & Furst seeking damages of more than five hundred million
dollars ($500,000,000).
The suit, which was filed on Coho's behalf in state court by the noted Dallas
trial firm of Thomas & Culp, L.L.P., alleges that HM4, a limited partnership
formed by Hicks Muse on behalf of the Hicks, Muse, Tate & Furst Equity Fund 
IV,
reneged on a contract to inject $250,000,000 of equity capital into the 
Company.
The deal would have
given HM4 control of Coho through the purchase of 41,666,666 shares of newly
issued common stock at $6.00 per share.
The suit alleges that HM4 waited until after Coho's public stockholders had
approved the agreement, then reneged on the deal at the last minute in order 
to
renegotiate the price down to $4.00
per share in order to increase the number of shares that HM4 would have 
for the $250,000,000. Then according to the allegations, HM4 walked away from
the new agreement.
The Company has opened a Web page at www.coholawsuit.com in order to keep the
public and its stockholders informed of progress in the case. The petition 
filed
in court will be available in
full text at the Web site at approximately 2:00 p.m., CDT, today.
Please book my london flight.
The recently announced "new" deep discounts on the upfront purchase price of 
airline tickets with our preferred air carriers booked through the Travel 
Agency in the Park have been well received!
Increased airline ticket bookings with our preferred carriers was expected in 
the Enron Houston offices.  The response from the Enron business units 
outside the Houston area has been remarkable.  As a result, call volume to 
TAP has increased by 30%.
As a result of this 30% increase in call volume, TAP continues to add 
qualified, experienced agents to their staff to meet the increased needs of 
Enron travelers.
If your "Enron Business Unit/Location" was not previously using TAP for your 
airline bookings, please contact Tracy Ramsey, Enron Corporate Travel 
Manager, 713/853-6457 to assist you with your transition process to TAP.
This transition process will include items such as setting-up Traveler 
Profiles in the TAP system to expedite the booking process and establishing 
your travel patterns so that TAP can respond to your specific travel needs 
and requirements.
The Travel Agency in the Park has established a web site, 
that is available to you for browsing flight 
schedules and booking flights.
Thank you for our support of the Enron Travel Program that continues to 
provide exceptional cost savings to Enron Corp.
Please contact Tracy Ramsey, 713/853-6457 if you have questions or comments.
what is the status of this?
RTellis@milbank.com on 03/20/2000 09:37:44 AM
Richard, any luck getting the Co-Gen documents together?? We need to produce 
them soon in connection with the both the California cases and the Third 
Party Subpoenas served in the IDS case.? Please let me know at your earliest 
convenience.
Also, has Akin Gump sent you their documents re: NSM? 
I am not sure why you recieved an invoice relating to this. Please send it my 
way.
New matter
"Barrett H. Reasoner"  	07/27/2000 11:40 AM
As to the little work I'll do in the near term reading the pleadings and
talking to Charlie re the Wright case, do you want me to set up a new matter
number or just bill it to the Grynberg file? Please let me know.  As always,
we really appreciate the opportunity to represent you. - Barrett  
Please put this on my calender
Shirley Davey@
06/04/99 09:46 AM
Attached please find the deposition/prep. schedule regarding the above.
I will probably be staying at the Savoy. I will be there from July 18 to the 
28th.
Shirley Davey@
06/04/99 11:13 AM
Please see the attached Revised Deposition/ Prep Schedule.  This reflects a 
change in the location of the depositions on the 14th and 15th.
Lets get together for lunch.
What about hiking the Pacific trail from Lake Tahoe to Yosemite in June/ July 
of 2000.
I talked to Mark Palmer last week about some other issues and casually 
thanked him for talking to you. His response was somewhat disapointing: " I 
really enjoyed meeting him and he would be great for our Gov. affairs office, 
too bad they have no openings." Sorry for the lackluster interest/bordering 
on rude behavior. Take the transmission wire job, come repackage the deal to 
Enron and get your revenge by getting $mm of dollars from Enron.
yes
How about this Friday ? Julie has not left yet. She was 2 days away from 
leaving to start school on June 7th when she, quite by accident, looked at 
the school schedule for the first time in several  weeks. Now mind you she 
had lined up a babysitter ,lined up a place to stay, arranged to get a 
key----to start the 7th. The schedule says the school starts the 14th. Pretty 
funny. How many years will it take her to live this down?.
when?  how are you and your family?  is julie gone?
Lets get together for lunch.
Looks good---please send.
yes
SHoward@milbank.com
07/27/2000 05:05 PM
Richard, OK to produce the three documents that I sent you earlier this 
week?? Steve 
I have no legal issues---send out.
After further thought, it seems to me that in light of our fear of litigation 
w/ American Coal, we should keep the documents. To further insulate the Coal 
Group and you from any claim that Enron misused the information,I suggest 
that you transfer the information to me and I will hold it for safekeeping.
Today is bad. Tommorrow I will call you.
Did you get my last message?
I am not aware of any reason to hold up the suit. ECT is OK
FYI
Please see the attached memorandum from Mary Nell Browning, Richard Harper 
and Paul Turner.
Rachael
Huh?
This is confirm your get acquainted meeting as follows:
DATE June 15th - Tuesday
TIME 10:00am - 10:30am
ROOM EB-3827
Thank you,
Sandy
x3-6766
Yes if you can tell me who she is
Congrats on your new arrival. I hope all is going well. I had lunch w/ Bill 
Gage today and he mentioned that they had an opening at his firm. I think 
they are shy about talking to current Bracewell attys. I told him that I had 
talked to you about other opportunities after the partner decisions were made 
and that I would pass along the information. If you are interested, Bill's is 713--225--4500.
"PLI Customer Service Online"  	07/30/2000 08:15 AM
Thank you for your registration.
Your registration has been accepted to the following program
Title: Understanding the Securities Laws
For details on this program please visit the following address:
If you have questions, please call PLI's Customer Service Department
at (800) 260-4PLI or (212) 824-5710
between the hours of 9:00 am - 6:00 pm est.
or e-mail  mailto:info@pli.edu.
550  found)
86256790.0078B9CF ; Mon, 14 Jun 1999 16:58:38 -0500
X-Lotus-FromDomain: ECT
Congrats on your new arrival. I hope all is going well. I had lunch w/ Bill 
Gage
today and he mentioned that they had an opening at his firm. I think they are
shy about talking to current Bracewell attys. I told him that I had talked to
you about other opportunities after the partner decisions were made and that I
would pass along the information. If you are interested, Bill's # is
713--225--4500.
Please see the attached memorandum from Mary Nell Browning, Richard Harper 
and Paul Turner.
Rachael
Please find the attached weekly report.
[Resending this because it didn't go through earlier]
Open new matters. Thanks.
Is this the usual way Freshfield bills? Out of principle, I would ask for 
itemize bills. Please give me your thoughts.
Britt Davis@
06/17/99 10:29 AM
You may recall that I received a bill from Freshfield's for their work in 
this case in the amount of FF 120,000 (approximately $24,000).  Because it 
was not itemized, I sent it back for itemization.  I have since received from 
Freshfield's a letter of June 11, attaching a description of the services 
performed, but with no mention of the hours spent, either for the whole job, 
or for each item.  I will send a copy of this to you for your review.
I am not familiar with Freshfield's billing practices generally or whether 
ECT has any agreement with Freshfield's for providing specific billing 
formats.  I do not want to strain ECT's relationship with Freshfield's by 
asking for more information if that is not reasonable to do.
Richard and Linda, would one of you provide me some guidance as to whether 
you need additional information from Freshfield's or not?  Thanks.
B.K.D. 
ECT is willing to pay 25%,but we will not agree to pick up any of EOTT's 
share.
Walt Zimmerman@EOTT
06/11/99 07:28 PM
Britt, I did receive a copy of the V&E invoice, but EOTT has not agreed to a 
25% cost allocation for this matter.  EOTT is not a party to any of the 
contracts involving the "sample leases" that are referenced in the subpoena, 
and the subpoena does not appear to be directed to the types of business that 
are conducted by EOTT.  As indicated in memos from Charles Tetrault,  the 
document requests are focused on EOG and ECT.  EOTT is not going to pay 25% 
of the legal fees associated with EOG's and ECT's response to this subpoena.
I do not have a problem with paying 25% of this first bill ($1,250.79 because it was worth $1,250.79 to learn that EOTT probably will not have to 
provide any documents that are responsive to this subpoena.  However, until 
someone can convince me that the DOJ is actually interested in some EOTT 
transactions, I will not advise EOTT to contribute more than 5% to this 
effort in the future.  If we cannot agree on an allocation to EOTT that is 
less than 5%, then EOTT will need to make separate arrangements with respect 
to the minimal representation that it will apparently require with respect to 
this matter.
Of course, should circumstances change such that EOTT becomes a focus of this 
investigation, then we would be willing to pay a greater share of these legal 
fees.  Currently, however, EOTT transactions do not appear to be of interest 
to the DOJ, and EOTT should not be allocated 25% of the legal fees associated 
with responses by other Enron affiliates to this subpoena.
Please call me next week so that we may discuss EOTT's participation in this 
matter.
Britt Davis@
06/09/99 10:09 AM
I have received a copy of a V&E invoice regarding the above-referenced case 
in the total amount of $5,003.17, which is split equally among Enron Corp EOG, ECT, and EOTT, pursuant to the agreement of those parties.  Let me know 
which of you need a copy of that invoice.  Many thanks.
B.K.D.
Pay it.
Why not alternate between SG and Fulbright. Flip a coin to see who goes 
first.
It is nice to see that Pat Oxford came through again. The real question is 
:did Pat not support Bruce or does he have plenty of access but no influence 
w/ the future president. Maybe this says alot for Bush. He thinks Pat is as 
much of a cartoon character as we do and has no reason to  take him 
seriously. Wouldn't that be refreshing. You need to get the real scoop before 
lunch on Tuesday w/ Ileana.
"PLI Customer Service Online"  	07/30/2000 08:15 AM
Thank you for shopping with PLI.
Here is your order information:
____________________________________________________________
Your Order W-102965 Contains the Following Items:
Attendee(s):
Richard Sanders phone: [713-853-5587] e-mail:
[richard.b.sanders@]
BILLING ADDRESS:
Full Name: Mr.   Richard B. Sanders
If you have questions, please call PLI's Customer Service Department
at (800) 260-4PLI or (212) 824-5710
between the hours of 9:00 am - 6:00 pm est.
or e-mail  mailto:info@pli.edu.
The Perd is a problem because it cost $10,000 per year to maintain. I guess 
Mom is (justifiably) tired of paying this when it has been used twice in six 
months. There is really nothing more to it than that. When we1) all get a 
little older and our kids can play unsupervised,2) are less busy and3) have 
our spiritual leader back in the land of the round eye, then we will use it 
alot more. No one is seriosly considering selling the joint, save 
Yvonne  
I can probably take off two weeks in August next year to do something stupid 
w/ you. July and June are bad because Julie will be in Montissori training 
school in Austin. We should do something bold, exciting--not Colorado  or 
Calif. How about Canada or Alaska.
I never heard from him.
The attachment is wrong
Richard,
I spoke with Leroy Lambert re Transammonia today.  He has not yet received 
the packet of information which you sent up to him, but if he doesn't receive 
it by Monday  he will call me and I will FedEx a copy to him.  Our answer 
date is July 6.  New York requires federal court style answers.  I have a 
meeting scheduled with Kim Godfrey at 11:30 am, Monday, June 28.  Please feel 
free to attend, if you would like.  I plan to e-mail a draft answer to Leroy 
by Wednesday, which he will check to make sure I have followed New York 
procedure & style and will then file before the end of next week.  I'll keep 
you advised of events as they occur.  Thanks.
Bonnie
It looks fine.
The list should be eliminated. Just provide that the parties should mutually 
agree on an arbitrator, who must be a Delaware corporate atty.
This will confirm that HPL wants a jury trial. Sorry I did not get back to 
you sooner. 
Yes. The position is still open. If you have a resume, please send it. 
The revised letter is fine. Do we want to outline the damages we have 
suffered------ ie developement cost. If so, do it in a general way
I think the list is unworkable because it requires us to do due diligence on 
all the attys on the list--a daunting task. The suggestion of outlining 
several firms is a good compromise.
Lets meet Monday at 9:30
The arbitation provision looks good.
The KN matter has been settled. 
fyi
Interoffice
Memorandum
Enron's performance has been exceptional.  This performance is reflected in=20
our stock price, in the recognition we receive in the media and financial=20
communities, and, most importantly, in the enthusiasm of our people.  It has=20
been clear to us for some time that we are driving fundamental change in the=20
marketplace and that our natural gas, electricity and communications networks=20
can be positioned for even greater growth.  A =01&new economy=018 is emerging, an=20
economy based on intellectual capital and the compelling economics of=20
networks.  Capturing the opportunities in this new economy calls for=20
increased coordination and integration across our wholesale (ECT, ECM, EI),=20
retail (EES), and communications (ECI) businesses.  It is our intention to=20
combine the operations of these businesses into a cohesive organization that=20
will ensure we realize the growth we foresee in all our businesses.
To this end, we are initiating a number of organization and staffing changes=20
in these businesses and related changes in the Enron Office of the Chairman,=20
in Corporate Staff groups, and in a number of management/personnel=20
committees.  Other business units, EOG, GPG, PGE, and Azurix, will not be=20
directly affected.  Accordingly, the following changes are effective=20
immediately.
Enron Office of the Chairman
Joe Sutton will join the Office of the Chairman as Vice Chairman.  In his new=20
role, Joe will work with the two of us to manage the operations of the=20
company. =20
Rebecca Mark, previously Vice Chairman of the company, will now fully=20
concentrate on her responsibilities as Chairman and CEO of Azurix, our most=20
recent public company. Rebecca has also been elected to the Enron Board of=20
Directors, effective today.
Ken Harrison, previously Vice Chairman of the company, will fully concentrate=20
on his responsibilities as Chairman and CEO of Portland General Electric and=20
Non-Executive Chairman of Enron Communications.  Ken will continue to serve=20
on Enron's Board of Directors.
Redefined Business Units
ECT, ECM, EI, EES, and ECI will be regrouped into eight regions/businesses=20
and five global functions.  Each region/business will be operated as an=20
independent entity but will coordinate staffing, career paths, compensation=20
and performance review across all units.  Each global function will provide=20
its specialized expertise across all regions/businesses.  Included in these=20
functions is a new technology function, which will focus on information=20
systems and growth of our e-commerce capabilities where we believe there is=20
enormous potential.  These organizational units and their leadership are as=20
follows:
Regions/Businesses
North America:  Cliff Baxter, CEO; Kevin Hannon, COO
Europe:  Mark Frevert, CEO; John Sherriff, President; Dan McCarty, COO
South America: Jim Bannantine, Co-CEO; Diomedes Christodoulou, Co-CEO
India:  Sanjay Bhatnagar, CEO
Caribbean, Middle East:  David Haug, CEO
Asia, Africa:  Rebecca McDonald, CEO
EES:  Lou Pai, CEO; Tom White, Vice Chairman
ECI:  Joe Hirko, Co-CEO; Ken Rice, Co-CEO (Ken Harrison =01) non-executive=20
Chairman)
Global Functions
Risk Management:  Greg Whalley, CEO
Finance:  Andy Fastow, CFO; Jeff McMahon, Treasurer
Asset Operations:  Kurt Huneke, CEO
EE&CC:  Larry Izzo, CEO
Technology:  Mike McConnell, CEO
Corporate Staff
All corporate and EI staff units will be regrouped into six corporate staff=20
groups.  These staff groups will support all operations of Enron.  These=20
organizational units and their leadership are as follows:
Legal:  Jim Derrick, EVP and General Counsel; Rob Walls, SVP and Deputy=20
General Counsel
Risk Assessment and Control:  Rick Buy, EVP
Accounting and HR:  Rick Causey, EVP and Chief Accounting Officer
Investor Relations:  Mark Koenig, EVP
Other Staff Groups:  Steve Kean, EVP and Chief of Staff
Corporate Development:  To be determined.
Committees
A new Executive Committee will be formed to replace the existing Management=20
and Operating Committees.  Membership will be as follows:
Ken Lay, Chairman
Jeff Skilling, Alternate Chairman
Joe Sutton
Stan Horton
Jim Bannantine         Kurt Huneke
Cliff Baxter         Larry Izzo
Sanjay Bhatnagar        Steve Kean=20
Rick Buy         Mark Koenig
Rick Causey         Rebecca Mark (Ad hoc)
Diomedes Christodoulou        Mike McConnell=20
Jim Derrick         Rebecca McDonald
Andy Fastow         Jeff McMahon
Peggy Fowler         Lou Pai
Mark Frevert         Mark Papa (Ad hoc)
Kevin Hannon         Ken Rice
Ken Harrison         John Sherriff=20
David Haug         Greg Whalley
Joe Hirko         Tom White
=20
Four other committees, which will be essential to the success of this new=20
organization, will be formed.  These committees are:
Managing Director and SVP Personnel Committee:  Jeff Skilling, Chairman
Vice President Personnel Committee:  Kevin Hannon, Chairman
Vision and Values Committee: Joe Sutton, Chairman
Workforce Diversity:  Ken Lay, Chairman
Details of membership on these committees will follow shortly.
Summary
Over the next several weeks all of the specifics of this reorganization will=20
be further ironed out and communicated.  In the meantime, please bear with us=20
-  we are confident that these changes will have a significant, positive=20
impact on the operation and growth of the company.
=20
Interoffice
Memorandum
Enron's performance has been exceptional.  This performance is reflected in=20
our stock price, in the recognition we receive in the media and financial=20
communities, and, most importantly, in the enthusiasm of our people.  It has=20
been clear to us for some time that we are driving fundamental change in the=20
marketplace and that our natural gas, electricity and communications networks=20
can be positioned for even greater growth.  A =01&new economy=018 is emerging, an=20
economy based on intellectual capital and the compelling economics of=20
networks.  Capturing the opportunities in this new economy calls for=20
increased coordination and integration across our wholesale (ECT, ECM, EI),=20
retail (EES), and communications (ECI) businesses.  It is our intention to=20
combine the operations of these businesses into a cohesive organization that=20
will ensure we realize the growth we foresee in all our businesses.
To this end, we are initiating a number of organization and staffing changes=20
in these businesses and related changes in the Enron Office of the Chairman,=20
in Corporate Staff groups, and in a number of management/personnel=20
committees.  Other business units, EOG, GPG, PGE, and Azurix, will not be=20
directly affected.  Accordingly, the following changes are effective=20
immediately.
Enron Office of the Chairman
Joe Sutton will join the Office of the Chairman as Vice Chairman.  In his new=20
role, Joe will work with the two of us to manage the operations of the=20
company. =20
Rebecca Mark, previously Vice Chairman of the company, will now fully=20
concentrate on her responsibilities as Chairman and CEO of Azurix, our most=20
recent public company. Rebecca has also been elected to the Enron Board of=20
Directors, effective today.
Ken Harrison, previously Vice Chairman of the company, will fully concentrate=20
on his responsibilities as Chairman and CEO of Portland General Electric and=20
Non-Executive Chairman of Enron Communications.  Ken will continue to serve=20
on Enron's Board of Directors.
Redefined Business Units
ECT, ECM, EI, EES, and ECI will be regrouped into eight regions/businesses=20
and five global functions.  Each region/business will be operated as an=20
independent entity but will coordinate staffing, career paths, compensation=20
and performance review across all units.  Each global function will provide=20
its specialized expertise across all regions/businesses.  Included in these=20
functions is a new technology function, which will focus on information=20
systems and growth of our e-commerce capabilities where we believe there is=20
enormous potential.  These organizational units and their leadership are as=20
follows:
Regions/Businesses
North America:  Cliff Baxter, CEO; Kevin Hannon, COO
Europe:  Mark Frevert, CEO; John Sherriff, President; Dan McCarty, COO
South America: Jim Bannantine, Co-CEO; Diomedes Christodoulou, Co-CEO
India:  Sanjay Bhatnagar, CEO
Caribbean, Middle East:  David Haug, CEO
Asia, Africa:  Rebecca McDonald, CEO
EES:  Lou Pai, CEO; Tom White, Vice Chairman
ECI:  Joe Hirko, Co-CEO; Ken Rice, Co-CEO (Ken Harrison =01) non-executive=20
Chairman)
Global Functions
Risk Management:  Greg Whalley, CEO
Finance:  Andy Fastow, CFO; Jeff McMahon, Treasurer
Asset Operations:  Kurt Huneke, CEO
EE&CC:  Larry Izzo, CEO
Technology:  Mike McConnell, CEO
Corporate Staff
All corporate and EI staff units will be regrouped into six corporate staff=20
groups.  These staff groups will support all operations of Enron.  These=20
organizational units and their leadership are as follows:
Legal:  Jim Derrick, EVP and General Counsel; Rob Walls, SVP and Deputy=20
General Counsel
Risk Assessment and Control:  Rick Buy, EVP
Accounting and HR:  Rick Causey, EVP and Chief Accounting Officer
Investor Relations:  Mark Koenig, EVP
Other Staff Groups:  Steve Kean, EVP and Chief of Staff
Corporate Development:  To be determined.
Committees
A new Executive Committee will be formed to replace the existing Management=20
and Operating Committees.  Membership will be as follows:
Ken Lay, Chairman
Jeff Skilling, Alternate Chairman
Joe Sutton
Stan Horton
Jim Bannantine         Kurt Huneke
Cliff Baxter         Larry Izzo
Sanjay Bhatnagar        Steve Kean=20
Rick Buy         Mark Koenig
Rick Causey         Rebecca Mark (Ad hoc)
Diomedes Christodoulou        Mike McConnell=20
Jim Derrick         Rebecca McDonald
Andy Fastow         Jeff McMahon
Peggy Fowler         Lou Pai
Mark Frevert         Mark Papa (Ad hoc)
Kevin Hannon         Ken Rice
Ken Harrison         John Sherriff=20
David Haug         Greg Whalley
Joe Hirko         Tom White
=20
Four other committees, which will be essential to the success of this new=20
organization, will be formed.  These committees are:
Managing Director and SVP Personnel Committee:  Jeff Skilling, Chairman
Vice President Personnel Committee:  Kevin Hannon, Chairman
Vision and Values Committee: Joe Sutton, Chairman
Workforce Diversity:  Ken Lay, Chairman
Details of membership on these committees will follow shortly.
Summary
Over the next several weeks all of the specifics of this reorganization will=20
be further ironed out and communicated.  In the meantime, please bear with us=20
-  we are confident that these changes will have a significant, positive=20
impact on the operation and growth of the company.
=20
Interoffice
Memorandum
Enron's performance has been exceptional.  This performance is reflected in=20
our stock price, in the recognition we receive in the media and financial=20
communities, and, most importantly, in the enthusiasm of our people.  It has=20
been clear to us for some time that we are driving fundamental change in the=20
marketplace and that our natural gas, electricity and communications networks=20
can be positioned for even greater growth.  A =01&new economy=018 is emerging, an=20
economy based on intellectual capital and the compelling economics of=20
networks.  Capturing the opportunities in this new economy calls for=20
increased coordination and integration across our wholesale (ECT, ECM, EI),=20
retail (EES), and communications (ECI) businesses.  It is our intention to=20
combine the operations of these businesses into a cohesive organization that=20
will ensure we realize the growth we foresee in all our businesses.
To this end, we are initiating a number of organization and staffing changes=20
in these businesses and related changes in the Enron Office of the Chairman,=20
in Corporate Staff groups, and in a number of management/personnel=20
committees.  Other business units, EOG, GPG, PGE, and Azurix, will not be=20
directly affected.  Accordingly, the following changes are effective=20
immediately.
Enron Office of the Chairman
Joe Sutton will join the Office of the Chairman as Vice Chairman.  In his new=20
role, Joe will work with the two of us to manage the operations of the=20
company. =20
Rebecca Mark, previously Vice Chairman of the company, will now fully=20
concentrate on her responsibilities as Chairman and CEO of Azurix, our most=20
recent public company. Rebecca has also been elected to the Enron Board of=20
Directors, effective today.
Ken Harrison, previously Vice Chairman of the company, will fully concentrate=20
on his responsibilities as Chairman and CEO of Portland General Electric and=20
Non-Executive Chairman of Enron Communications.  Ken will continue to serve=20
on Enron's Board of Directors.
Redefined Business Units
ECT, ECM, EI, EES, and ECI will be regrouped into eight regions/businesses=20
and five global functions.  Each region/business will be operated as an=20
independent entity but will coordinate staffing, career paths, compensation=20
and performance review across all units.  Each global function will provide=20
its specialized expertise across all regions/businesses.  Included in these=20
functions is a new technology function, which will focus on information=20
systems and growth of our e-commerce capabilities where we believe there is=20
enormous potential.  These organizational units and their leadership are as=20
follows:
Regions/Businesses
North America:  Cliff Baxter, CEO; Kevin Hannon, COO
Europe:  Mark Frevert, CEO; John Sherriff, President; Dan McCarty, COO
South America: Jim Bannantine, Co-CEO; Diomedes Christodoulou, Co-CEO
India:  Sanjay Bhatnagar, CEO
Caribbean, Middle East:  David Haug, CEO
Asia, Africa:  Rebecca McDonald, CEO
EES:  Lou Pai, CEO; Tom White, Vice Chairman
ECI:  Joe Hirko, Co-CEO; Ken Rice, Co-CEO (Ken Harrison =01) non-executive=20
Chairman)
Global Functions
Risk Management:  Greg Whalley, CEO
Finance:  Andy Fastow, CFO; Jeff McMahon, Treasurer
Asset Operations:  Kurt Huneke, CEO
EE&CC:  Larry Izzo, CEO
Technology:  Mike McConnell, CEO
Corporate Staff
All corporate and EI staff units will be regrouped into six corporate staff=20
groups.  These staff groups will support all operations of Enron.  These=20
organizational units and their leadership are as follows:
Legal:  Jim Derrick, EVP and General Counsel; Rob Walls, SVP and Deputy=20
General Counsel
Risk Assessment and Control:  Rick Buy, EVP
Accounting and HR:  Rick Causey, EVP and Chief Accounting Officer
Investor Relations:  Mark Koenig, EVP
Other Staff Groups:  Steve Kean, EVP and Chief of Staff
Corporate Development:  To be determined.
Committees
A new Executive Committee will be formed to replace the existing Management=20
and Operating Committees.  Membership will be as follows:
Ken Lay, Chairman
Jeff Skilling, Alternate Chairman
Joe Sutton
Stan Horton
Jim Bannantine         Kurt Huneke
Cliff Baxter         Larry Izzo
Sanjay Bhatnagar        Steve Kean=20
Rick Buy         Mark Koenig
Rick Causey         Rebecca Mark (Ad hoc)
Diomedes Christodoulou        Mike McConnell=20
Jim Derrick         Rebecca McDonald
Andy Fastow         Jeff McMahon
Peggy Fowler         Lou Pai
Mark Frevert         Mark Papa (Ad hoc)
Kevin Hannon         Ken Rice
Ken Harrison         John Sherriff=20
David Haug         Greg Whalley
Joe Hirko         Tom White
=20
Four other committees, which will be essential to the success of this new=20
organization, will be formed.  These committees are:
Managing Director and SVP Personnel Committee:  Jeff Skilling, Chairman
Vice President Personnel Committee:  Kevin Hannon, Chairman
Vision and Values Committee: Joe Sutton, Chairman
Workforce Diversity:  Ken Lay, Chairman
Details of membership on these committees will follow shortly.
Summary
Over the next several weeks all of the specifics of this reorganization will=20
be further ironed out and communicated.  In the meantime, please bear with us=20
-  we are confident that these changes will have a significant, positive=20
impact on the operation and growth of the company.
=20
FYI     Also-- I talked to John Ale ,the GC of Azurix today. They are looking=20
for attys. I don't know their attitude about recruiters.
Interoffice
Memorandum
Enron's performance has been exceptional.  This performance is reflected in=20
our stock price, in the recognition we receive in the media and financial=20
communities, and, most importantly, in the enthusiasm of our people.  It has=20
been clear to us for some time that we are driving fundamental change in the=20
marketplace and that our natural gas, electricity and communications networks=20
can be positioned for even greater growth.  A =01&new economy=018 is emerging, an=20
economy based on intellectual capital and the compelling economics of=20
networks.  Capturing the opportunities in this new economy calls for=20
increased coordination and integration across our wholesale (ECT, ECM, EI),=20
retail (EES), and communications (ECI) businesses.  It is our intention to=20
combine the operations of these businesses into a cohesive organization that=20
will ensure we realize the growth we foresee in all our businesses.
To this end, we are initiating a number of organization and staffing changes=20
in these businesses and related changes in the Enron Office of the Chairman,=20
in Corporate Staff groups, and in a number of management/personnel=20
committees.  Other business units, EOG, GPG, PGE, and Azurix, will not be=20
directly affected.  Accordingly, the following changes are effective=20
immediately.
Enron Office of the Chairman
Joe Sutton will join the Office of the Chairman as Vice Chairman.  In his new=20
role, Joe will work with the two of us to manage the operations of the=20
company. =20
Rebecca Mark, previously Vice Chairman of the company, will now fully=20
concentrate on her responsibilities as Chairman and CEO of Azurix, our most=20
recent public company. Rebecca has also been elected to the Enron Board of=20
Directors, effective today.
Ken Harrison, previously Vice Chairman of the company, will fully concentrate=20
on his responsibilities as Chairman and CEO of Portland General Electric and=20
Non-Executive Chairman of Enron Communications.  Ken will continue to serve=20
on Enron's Board of Directors.
Redefined Business Units
ECT, ECM, EI, EES, and ECI will be regrouped into eight regions/businesses=20
and five global functions.  Each region/business will be operated as an=20
independent entity but will coordinate staffing, career paths, compensation=20
and performance review across all units.  Each global function will provide=20
its specialized expertise across all regions/businesses.  Included in these=20
functions is a new technology function, which will focus on information=20
systems and growth of our e-commerce capabilities where we believe there is=20
enormous potential.  These organizational units and their leadership are as=20
follows:
Regions/Businesses
North America:  Cliff Baxter, CEO; Kevin Hannon, COO
Europe:  Mark Frevert, CEO; John Sherriff, President; Dan McCarty, COO
South America: Jim Bannantine, Co-CEO; Diomedes Christodoulou, Co-CEO
India:  Sanjay Bhatnagar, CEO
Caribbean, Middle East:  David Haug, CEO
Asia, Africa:  Rebecca McDonald, CEO
EES:  Lou Pai, CEO; Tom White, Vice Chairman
ECI:  Joe Hirko, Co-CEO; Ken Rice, Co-CEO (Ken Harrison =01) non-executive=20
Chairman)
Global Functions
Risk Management:  Greg Whalley, CEO
Finance:  Andy Fastow, CFO; Jeff McMahon, Treasurer
Asset Operations:  Kurt Huneke, CEO
EE&CC:  Larry Izzo, CEO
Technology:  Mike McConnell, CEO
Corporate Staff
All corporate and EI staff units will be regrouped into six corporate staff=20
groups.  These staff groups will support all operations of Enron.  These=20
organizational units and their leadership are as follows:
Legal:  Jim Derrick, EVP and General Counsel; Rob Walls, SVP and Deputy=20
General Counsel
Risk Assessment and Control:  Rick Buy, EVP
Accounting and HR:  Rick Causey, EVP and Chief Accounting Officer
Investor Relations:  Mark Koenig, EVP
Other Staff Groups:  Steve Kean, EVP and Chief of Staff
Corporate Development:  To be determined.
Committees
A new Executive Committee will be formed to replace the existing Management=20
and Operating Committees.  Membership will be as follows:
Ken Lay, Chairman
Jeff Skilling, Alternate Chairman
Joe Sutton
Stan Horton
Jim Bannantine         Kurt Huneke
Cliff Baxter         Larry Izzo
Sanjay Bhatnagar        Steve Kean=20
Rick Buy         Mark Koenig
Rick Causey         Rebecca Mark (Ad hoc)
Diomedes Christodoulou        Mike McConnell=20
Jim Derrick         Rebecca McDonald
Andy Fastow         Jeff McMahon
Peggy Fowler         Lou Pai
Mark Frevert         Mark Papa (Ad hoc)
Kevin Hannon         Ken Rice
Ken Harrison         John Sherriff=20
David Haug         Greg Whalley
Joe Hirko         Tom White
=20
Four other committees, which will be essential to the success of this new=20
organization, will be formed.  These committees are:
Managing Director and SVP Personnel Committee:  Jeff Skilling, Chairman
Vice President Personnel Committee:  Kevin Hannon, Chairman
Vision and Values Committee: Joe Sutton, Chairman
Workforce Diversity:  Ken Lay, Chairman
Details of membership on these committees will follow shortly.
Summary
Over the next several weeks all of the specifics of this reorganization will=20
be further ironed out and communicated.  In the meantime, please bear with us=20
-  we are confident that these changes will have a significant, positive=20
impact on the operation and growth of the company.
=20
Are you still coming to London?
I sent the materials(along with a recommendation) to Bob Williams, Enron 
International's Litigation Manager. If you want to follow up w/him, his no. 
is 713--646--6412. 
I suppose that depends on your approach--weuns cowpokes aint got much use fer 
you folks in the big  city with yer smooth talkin ways. Seriously, Bob is 
hard to offend.
I will be in London attending the oral hearing in the CATS appeal. I doubt I 
can attend.
Dinner is better. I have all three kids this week because Julie has finals 
the week after next. Hows Tues, Wed, or Thurs. We eat kinda early(6:15)
"Sherry Radack"  	07/28/2000 06:03 PM
richard, my server has been down.  we need to start all over.  we can do
either lunch or dinner. what is good for you.  when is julie coming back.
I am now not good on those days. Friday is good or any day the next week.
What about dinner with me and the kids any day this week?
"Sherry
07/18/2000
07:13 PM
any of those days are good.  where.
Can you go to lunch next Tues, Wed, or Thurs?
I have attached a report I asked Tim to produce for me in anticipation of 
possible litigation.
Attached, please find a memo and a number of spreadsheets describing the 
events at Silver Peak for deliveries on May 25, 1999.  I am faxing some 
additional background information downloaded from the internet to Richard and 
Elizabeth.  I have provided a lot of information and could drill down on many 
more details.  Let me know what other information you need.  Thanks to 
everyone for your help in this matter.
Call me ASAP with your comments 37007!!
Call me ASAP with your comments 37007!!
This is the NERC letter that is going to Jeff Skilling today for his 
signature on Monday
This is our judge in the Beeson case. I don't like him as a judge but I would 
recommend that we gave him $500-1000. 
July 9, 1999
Dear Friend,
You are cordially invited to attend a fundraising reception for Judge
Scott Link on Tuesday, September 21, 1999, from 5:30 to 7:30 p.m. at
Brennan's Restaurant, 3300 Smith.
We hope you will join us by serving on the Host Committee of this
reception as a $2,500 Underwriter, $1,000 Patron, $500 Sponsor or $250
Friend.  Host Committee levels will receive special recognition on the
invitation and at the reception.  Below is a reply card for your convenience.
Please let us hear from you in the near future as the printing
deadline for the invitation is approaching.  If you have any questions
regarding this event, please contact Heidi Lange at 713-681-1996 or via
e-mail at HmlangeTX@AOL.COM.
We look forward to seeing you at the fundraiser, and appreciate your
support of Judge Link.
Sincerely,
Wayne Fisher   Warren W. Harris   Alice
Oliver-Parrott
Joe H. Reynolds  Paul E. Stallings   Holly
Williamson
___ $2,500  Underwriter  ___ $1,000  Patron
___ $500  Sponsor   ___ $250  Friend
Name: __________________________________________________
Address: ________________________________________________
________________________________________________________
Phone: ______________________ Fax: _______________________
E-mail: ________________________________________________
Occupation: _____________________________________________
Employer: _______________________________________________
Is this a law firm? __ Yes __ No
Additionally, the Texas election law requires us to ask the following
information:
Spouse: ________________________________________________________
Spouse's Occupation: _____________________________________________
Spouse's Employer: ______________________________________________
Is this a law firm? __ Yes __ No
A contribution by the spouse or child of an individual is considered to be a
contribution by the individual. If contributor is a minor, please complete
the information below.
Parent/Guardian's Name: ____________________________________________
Parent/Guardian's Occupation: ________________________________________
Parent/Guardian's Employer: _________________________________________
Is this a law firm? __ Yes __ No
Contributions are not tax deductible as charitable contributions for federal
income tax purposes.
Corporate contributions are prohibited by state law. Under the new law, a
member of a law firm is any lawyer or other employee of the firm.
The $30,000 contribution limit placed on all contributions from members of a
firm includes contributions by their spouses and children.
Please make checks payable to
Judge Scott Link Campaign
710 N. Post Oak Rd., Suite 107
Houston, TX  77024
For more info call Heidi M. Lange at 713-681-1996 or via fax 713-681-8402.
pol. adv. pd. for by Judge Scott Link Campaign, 710 N. Post Oak, Ste 107
Houston, TX  77024
I am OK (but reluctantly) with the settlement.
This is the judge in the Beeson case. Although I am not that fond of Link, I 
think it would be prudent to support him finacially. I suggest $500-$1000. Of 
course he will want more after the primary.
July 9, 1999
Dear Friend,
You are cordially invited to attend a fundraising reception for Judge
Scott Link on Tuesday, September 21, 1999, from 5:30 to 7:30 p.m. at
Brennan's Restaurant, 3300 Smith.
We hope you will join us by serving on the Host Committee of this
reception as a $2,500 Underwriter, $1,000 Patron, $500 Sponsor or $250
Friend.  Host Committee levels will receive special recognition on the
invitation and at the reception.  Below is a reply card for your convenience.
Please let us hear from you in the near future as the printing
deadline for the invitation is approaching.  If you have any questions
regarding this event, please contact Heidi Lange at 713-681-1996 or via
e-mail at HmlangeTX@AOL.COM.
We look forward to seeing you at the fundraiser, and appreciate your
support of Judge Link.
Sincerely,
Wayne Fisher   Warren W. Harris   Alice
Oliver-Parrott
Joe H. Reynolds  Paul E. Stallings   Holly
Williamson
___ $2,500  Underwriter  ___ $1,000  Patron
___ $500  Sponsor   ___ $250  Friend
Name: __________________________________________________
Address: ________________________________________________
________________________________________________________
Phone: ______________________ Fax: _______________________
E-mail: ________________________________________________
Occupation: _____________________________________________
Employer: _______________________________________________
Is this a law firm? __ Yes __ No
Additionally, the Texas election law requires us to ask the following
information:
Spouse: ________________________________________________________
Spouse's Occupation: _____________________________________________
Spouse's Employer: ______________________________________________
Is this a law firm? __ Yes __ No
A contribution by the spouse or child of an individual is considered to be a
contribution by the individual. If contributor is a minor, please complete
the information below.
Parent/Guardian's Name: ____________________________________________
Parent/Guardian's Occupation: ________________________________________
Parent/Guardian's Employer: _________________________________________
Is this a law firm? __ Yes __ No
Contributions are not tax deductible as charitable contributions for federal
income tax purposes.
Corporate contributions are prohibited by state law. Under the new law, a
member of a law firm is any lawyer or other employee of the firm.
The $30,000 contribution limit placed on all contributions from members of a
firm includes contributions by their spouses and children.
Please make checks payable to
Judge Scott Link Campaign
710 N. Post Oak Rd., Suite 107
Houston, TX  77024
For more info call Heidi M. Lange at 713-681-1996 or via fax 713-681-8402.
pol. adv. pd. for by Judge Scott Link Campaign, 710 N. Post Oak, Ste 107
Houston, TX  77024
There is no litigation reason why this contract cannot be terminated as 
outlined in your email.
I am not sure about the purpose of this letter. The better response in my 
mind would be to have a process server arrive at their door. If we do send 
them a letter, and I leave that to you, we need to have already filed the 
petition. Then we can attach a file-stamped copy to the letter.
Pay it. Have a nice time.
The Wauna and Halsey PPA's with Ft. James have been cancelled. Sorry for the 
delay.
Dude--- There has been a change in plans. I am arriving on the same day(this 
Sunday) but I have to leave the following Sunday( the 25th) Let me Know your 
plans.
How long is this going to last?
Of all the weekends---Doug's and our family are both going this weekend.
Never mind the previous message. I have no objections.
She did not recieve an offer. Hope all is well.
Great job----I've got about 45 more for you.
I have no changes.
We kicked their ass.
Please let me know of anything other than Grynberg
Sandi M Braband
07/27/99 05:22 PM
Richard,
As I mentioned in my phone mail message to you, we are compiling info on the 
above-referenced entities in connection with a due diligence request by a 
potential purchaser. The prospective purchaser has requested information on 
the entities' litigation, whether complete, existing or pending including any 
eminent domain proceedings and insurance litigation. Could you let me know as 
soon as possible if you can provide me that information. The goal is to have 
all requested information in the data room early next week 
Thank you,
Sandi
ext. 35465
I approve.
Welcome back. Do we need to set up a meeting to discuss the tortious 
interference question we talked about before you left?
Other than Grynberg, the only active case that involves the above-named 
entities is the Enterprise Products case, in which Enron Storage Company is a 
defendant.  My understanding is that that case has settled, but the 
documentation is not yet complete.  We have recently settled the Reeves, 
Poirier and Fontenot cases in which Louisiana Resources was a defendant, and 
those matters are now closed.
Let me know if you need anything else.  Thanks.
Richard B Sanders@ECT
07/28/99 01:35 PM
Please let me know of anything other than Grynberg
Sandi M Braband
07/27/99 05:22 PM
Richard,
As I mentioned in my phone mail message to you, we are compiling info on the 
above-referenced entities in connection with a due diligence request by a 
potential purchaser. The prospective purchaser has requested information on 
the entities' litigation, whether complete, existing or pending including any 
eminent domain proceedings and insurance litigation. Could you let me know as 
soon as possible if you can provide me that information. The goal is to have 
all requested information in the data room early next week 
Thank you,
Sandi
ext. 35465
Please coordinate with Linda Guinn.
Sept. 1,3,7,and 8 are good.
John's # is 713-345-5263. 
fyi
Sounds great--   but there aren't "provinces" in UK; and didn't she murder
some kid in Massachusetts?
>> "scooper@bracepatt.com" 08/02/99 02:32pm I have a friend here from the UK who came to this county with a British
family as a nanny for their two girls.  She was told this weekend that
due to some financial difficulties they would no longer be able to continue
her employment.  She does not wish to return to England at this time and
is seeking to find another position with a family here ASAP.  The family
she is currently with would recommend her highly.  Her name is Elizabeth
Nugent and she comes from a very good family in northern England. (Her
father is governor of a province there.)   She is university educated in
child care and elementary education.  She is also NVQ (National
Vocational Qualification) Level 3 qualified and has taught in both the
private and public systems there in England.  She is twenty four years
old.  She has excellent references and letters of recommendation.  If you
or someone you know is seeking a well qualified British nanny please
contact me at (713) 221-1361 for more information.  Thank you.
My litigation description looks fine.
What about Tuesday, Aug. 10th or Friday, Aug. 13th?
For your review and comment.
Maureen McVicker@EES
07/24/2000 04:34 PM
Attached is the revised document.
PRIVILEGED AND CONFIDENTIAL
- -  Seeking Advice of Counsel 
Attached is a draft public statement for your review and comment 
The groundrules for using these statements are as follows:
All press inquiries should be directed to Eric Thode.
We will use the more "basic statement" unless press inquiries are specific 
and informed by knowledgeable industry participants.
We will use only those parts of the more detailed statement which are 
necessary.
The document begins with a background piece to briefly educate Enron 
personnel who may not be aware of Project Stanley but may be called upon to 
respond to regulators' or customers' inquiries.
Aleck - - please get Seabrou's help filling in the blanks.
Richard - - feel free to forward to outside counsel as you see fit.
( REVISED VERSION)
I reviewed the release and it looks good. Another victory.
We did get the money. Thanks. I asked Linda Guinn to look into the misc. 
bills when we recieved it several months ago. I can't remember what we 
decided but I will check with her again and get back to you.
I sent a letter last week enclosing a $100,000 check as reimbursement of
an overpayment.  Did you get it?
I should have asked whether we could apply $9,563.84 of it to the old
"counseling" bills I have never been able to get paid.  Recall I went
through those and figured out which unit, etc. they applied to.  Some
were re the Sports Authority, some were re emplyment contracts, etc.
They still haven't ever been paid.  It would be nice to clean this up too. 
Thanks.
I have attached the proposed letter to Larry Taylor.  Please let me know if 
you want to make any changes.
ok
We may be suing them.
I have attached the proposed letter to send to the brokers.  Please let me 
know if you have any changes.  Otherwise, we will send.
Richard Sanders has asked me to set up a meeting regarding the above 
referenced.  The following participants are:
Lisa Mellencamp
Mark Peterson
John Hopley
John Enerson
Richard Sanders
It looks as though, this Friday, Aug. 13. at 2:00 will be a good time for 
everyone.  Please let me know if this time is convenient for you.  The 
location will be 38C1.  (I tried to contact you by phone today, but your 
extension 31406 was forwarded to a non working number).
My extension is 39402, if you wish to call me.
Thanks
Twanda
Yes. I invited Michelle Cash. I have a meeting w/ Skip at 11:00 at B&P. I 
hear you are in trial. You name the time and place. 
Sept 13 is good.
please call me about this if you still need help
Robin Hill@MUNICATIONS
07/26/2000 11:14 AM
Richard could you please review Section 4 (f) of the attached NDA from 
Microsoft regarding exclusive jurisdiction.  I proposed non-exclusive New 
York jurisdiction and this is their response.  If you could call me or e-mail 
me your comments, I would greatly appreciate it.  Michelle Hicks referred me 
to you.
Robin L. Hill, Legal Specialist
Enron Broadband Services
1400 Smith, Suite 4545
Houston, Texas 77002
(713)853-3255
(713)646-8537 fax
Robin_Hill@.net
dcorey@microsoft.com
07/25/00 12:07 PM
Robin, I made some additional changes.  If you would like to discuss, pls.
call me before noon today (PST).  If you are not available, we can talk
tomorrow.
Thanks
Donna
That would be fine.  Attached is the language I propose for your comments.
Thanks!
(See attached file: Microsoft redlined.doc)
Robin L. Hill, Legal Specialist
Enron Broadband Services
1400 Smith, Suite 4545
Houston, Texas 77002
(713)853-3255
(713)646-8537 fax
Robin_Hill@.net
Hi,
We can not agree to the modifications. However, we can agree to exclusive
jurisdiction in New York.  Pls. let me know if that will work for you.
Leaving jurisdiction and venue open is not an option.
Donna
Donna attached is a red-line version of the NDA with my one comment in
Section
4(f).  Our corporate policy does not allow us to submit to exclusive
jurisdiction.  Please call me or e-mail me upon your review.  Thanks.
(See attached file: Microsoft redlined.doc)
Robin L. Hill, Legal Specialist
Enron Broadband Services
1400 Smith, Suite 4545
Houston, Texas 77002
(713)853-3255
(713)646-8537 fax
Robin_Hill@.net
|        |          dcorey@micros|
|        |          oft.com  |        |          07/17/00 |        |          09:38 AM   
|
Robin, sorry this is so late, my mail was down most of Friday.
Donna
- Microsoft redlined.doc
well hello there brothermen and sisterwoman.  it sure seems as if a few
moons have passed since we tickled the keyboard and thought about all y'all
for a spell, and that is not how it ought to be.  so stop your grinnin' and
drop your linen (not sure what that means but i dig it) and let us repair to
the chat room.
started a new job just last week and by all means it is a Godsend.
(blasphemous?)  would that i had found this school a couple of years back,
as it is well-run and full of good folks.  by the latter i mean folks who
are here for the long run or at least a good while, and not fresh off the
boat.  perhaps the best aspect of it is a 25 hr workweek, while the most
abominable is twofold:  i gots to sport a nametag and a wristwatch, and i
reckon the former is the lesser evil even though it is as goofy as Bill
Morris.  the only times i have voluntarily donned a watch were deb parties
back in the day - got a black running watch to go with the tux and showed it
off something fierce.  back in the idol-worship days of namu and ricardo and
stevo.
at any rate, that is the good news and i can feel y'all waiting with bated
breath for the bad stuff.  here goes:  last month had a weeklong hiking trip
to the japanese alps - a big ol' hunk of honshu virtually unknown and
unexplored by the japanese as they cordoned it off as an abode for their
shinto psuedo-deities - planned and set off with a native lady friend guide.
on our first day of hiking she sees fit to slip off a log bridge and
faceplant some two meters down onto a rock with nary a limb or digit to
break the fall.  can you say ouch?   she couldn't - knocked out cold with a
visibly growing pool of blood about her noggin and limbs splayed in a most
unnatural Deliverance-type manner.
enter the hero rolland, you say?  well not really.  ran over there and did
all the things one knows not to do to a potential head/neck injury and
checked her out.  skull was not in pieces and after cleaning up the mess we
discovered a smashed face instead.  had to hike back several kilometers to a
hut and thence to an ambulance.  hospital revealed a broken nose, severely
lacerated lips and two teeth knocked out.  poor girl, hey?  but hey - i was
the one escorting leon spinks back to osaka on the train with alpine dreams
in the rubbish bin.
what is the bottom line, you ask?  as always:  better her than me!
that was probably more than y'all wanted to know about that, but it really
spooked me  - even more than being privy to the intimate details of the
condition of susan's overworked nipple.  how is that nipple, susan?
and that was a good move blowing off elizabeth for emily, y'all.
and concerning kudos, how about our basque following in my very own
ubersuccesful footsteps and putting her nose to the grindstone to become a
teacher?  good on you!  just the thought of it makes us want to jump for
joy, get some oxygen and repeat "oh happy day" over and over.  and it brings
us to take a moment and reflect about our various occupations and their
contributions to society, which could well be graded as follows:
1. John (the Healer):  the guy actually saves lives, a tough act to top.
2. Julie (the Developer):  enables young people - aka the future - to form
their little craniums and warns them against going to law school.
3. Doug (the Facilitator):  helps doctors help patients.
4. Moi (the Ambassador):  doing my part to further international
understanding by means of instruction and exchanges of culture as well as
bodily fluids.
5. Stevo (the Wheeler-Dealer): not really sure what he does, but a reliable
and consistent contributor to the national GNP.  also sires chilluns easy on
the eye, so gets an honorable mention for that.
6. Danna, Susan, Jean Helen, Yvonne (the Mamas):  doing a guten job but for
the purposes of this list, y'all represent neutrality.
7. Maury (the Beltway Insider):  'nuff said.  only your professed desire to
escape and recover some semblence of sanity puts you above
8. Richard (the Suit):  doesn't chase ambulances but as Enron is a big mofo
company, you can bet that he is an integral part of the energy-procuring
wing of the military-industrial complex, and as such is one of Them.
probably knows who killed JFK and is rumored to be the Grand Poobah of the
Masonic Lodge.  the list goes on, but then we come to 9. Camille (the Investor Extraordinaire):  not exactly a negative
contribution to society, but still sold crystal and brazos riverfront
property.  lost moi a whole heap of cashish, so brings up the bottom.
on the whole a rather notable family, more inclined to give than to take for
the most part.  almost chokes us up to think about it.  truth be known i
have been thinking about y'all as of late and might be close to setting a
date to come on back to hallowed soil.  no reason to set any dates as chisel
is far from stone at this point, but it shan't be too long methinks.
john the eldest and danna the nappiest, y'all should have received letters
by now.  let us know if that is not the case.
well i just scrolled up and found to my dismay this is not as funny as i had
intended.  oh well.  it is better than nothing - i think - as nothing (in
regard to correspondence) is something with which i am well acquainted.
(exception: stevo!)  someone give a holler -
hope all y'all are well and lording over all you survey in your pure
unadulterated Aryan splendour.  i remain
chillin', never illin'
(in my mouth i gots 4 fillin's)
the Ralai Lama
_______________________________________________________________
Get Free Email and Do More On The Web. Visit  
For this small amount, simply pay.
I cannot attend.
I will be in Charleston all next week for a trial involving Cline Res. Maybe 
you,Tim and I can get on a conf. call. How much is at stake?
Please get me new cards.
Re:  Business Cards and Letterhead
There are two separate groups of employees affected by this change: first,=20
the employees who are now reporting into one of the global functions (i.e.,=20
risk management or technology); second, those employees who focus their=20
Those employees reporting at the global function level should have business=20
cards and letterhead with Enron Corp. as the company name.  Those who=20
Please follow the instructions below in replacing these items.
Generic Letterhead:
Form numbers for these items are as follows:
Houston  Form # 413-05272 Portland  Form # 413-05995
New York Form # 413-05774 Denver  Form # 413-05096
San Francisco Form # 413-05397
Enron Corp.-Houston Office: Letterhead is available immediately.  The Order #=20
is 011-01350.
Non-Executive Business Cards:
Please complete the Personalized Stationery Request Form (attached below) and=20
fax it to The Image Center.  Requests will be processed on a first-come,=20
first-serve basis.  Timing on these cards should run 5-7 working days from=20
the time the approved proof is returned.
Executive Letterhead/Business Cards:
Please complete the Personalized Stationery Request Form (attached below) and=20
fax it to The Image Center.  They will process requests on a first-come,=20
first-serve basis.  Keep in mind that personalized stationery is embossed and=20
engraved, generally taking 10-15 working days to complete.  While awaiting=20
executive stock, it is recommended that you use the generic letterhead and=20
either continue to use your ECT business cards, or place an order for=20
non-executive, flat-print business cards.  These cards can be done much=20
faster than the embossed/engraved stock.
Envelopes:
There will be no changes made to the existing envelopes.
Mailing Labels:
If you currently have mailing labels that have ECT on them, please replace=20
these with Form #000-0960.
For questions related to ordering these items, or to check on the status of=20
your request once you have submitted your Order Form, you may contact Charles=20
O=01,Kechukwo on 713/853-5408, Ruby Kinsfather at 713/853-3869 or Scott Terrell=20
at 713/853-3386.  For other questions, you may contact Marge Nadasky at=20
713/853-6631.
Attached below is the Order Form for generic letterhead and mailing labels,=20
as well as the Personalized Stationery Request Form for personalized=20
letterhead and business cards.
=20
I have attached a draft of the letter to Midwest.
Attached for your review is a demand letter to Arco for reimbursement to 
Houston Pipeline (HPL) for damage to equipment owned by HPL at the Lyondell 
Plant.
Set 17,Oct 13,19,20,22 are good
Can you please call her and get this worked out. I asked her to send me the 
invoice.
Richard, your name is on here too, Linda never answered my e-mails.  Any 
ideas?  I don't think this is Apachi's.
Paula Parrish
Hi Linda,
I am Director of Accounting/Reporting for the Apachi region (Asia Pacific 
Africa China) and I'm hoping you can help me with something.  We have 
Looking at the backup for the invoice did shed a bit of light though, because 
some of it mentions charterers liability I vaguely remember from my EGLI days 
(too many years ago) that the Havmann was an LPG tanker.  Is it the same ship?
Can you let me know how this issue relates to Apachi, and what project it 
is.  I'm hoping you can provide an answer in the next day or so as this is an 
issue for February close.
Thanks a bunch and have a good weekend,
Paula
Disregard the previous e-mail. this is the updated version.
Aleck Dadson
07/31/2000 11:43 AM
Attached is the final  draft of the Q&A document we have been working on.  I 
am uncertain whether you had a chance to get Glenn Leslie's feed back, if 
any,  on the earlier drafts 
Geez Andy, leave us something to try!  Great job.  Thanks.
>> "ataylor@bracepatt.com" 09/02/99 02:37pm THIS IS A CONFIDENTIAL E-MAIL COMMUNICATION FROM BRACEWELL &
PATTERSON, L.L.P.  IF YOU RECEIVE THIS E-MAIL BY MISTAKE, PLEASE
DELETE IT BEFORE READING, AND CALL ANDY TAYLOR AT
(512)472-7800.  THANK YOU.
Wollschlager Team:
I took depositions Monday and Tuesday of Wollschlager's expert, David
Cotner, and the two pumpers, Royce and Devon Creager (Father / son
team).  Cotner did nothing but plug numbers into spreadsheets for
Wollschlager, and did not apply any of his engineering or gas contract
expertise to his analysis.  He did not  analyze the contract, amendments
or the dealings between the parties (such as price amendments,
Panhandle program releases, etc.), for purposes of his damage
calculations.  He did not evaluate the true delivery capacity of the well,
but relied totally on Wollschlager's assessment.  He admitted that he would 
not be comfortable submitting the calculations
he performed to a court of law as a valid damages claim, because he
has not reviewed the contract to see what the pricing, take-or-pay,
credits, force-majeure, etc. provisions are, and he agreed that those
types of issues must be included to present a valid contract damages
claim.  We are drafting a motion to exclude his testimony and
calculations.
Royce Creager (mid-late 60's) was the pumper who pumped the well in
1983 when the "event" occurred.  He remembered driving up to the well
the morning after the equipment failure (we're not calling it a blowout - it
was a failure of the operator's equipment).  He noticed something
strange, and then realized that the "stack-pack" (heater and separation
equipment) was not there.  He first thought someone must have stolen it,
and then he saw the broken flowline, pointing up in the air, and 
of the
"stack pack" about 200 ft. away in one direction, and the other half of the
equipment about 200 ft. away in the other direction!  He does not
remember any gas flowing out of the flowline, and he's sure he would
remember it if the gas had been flowing to the atmosphere.  (Logical
conclusion:  when the equipment failed and blew up, the emergency
shut-down valve on the wellhead did what it was supposed to, and shut
the well in, to prevent any damage to the wellbore or waste of gas, by
shutting off the flow of gas.)
He has absolutely no recollection of the well being shut in prior to the
failure, and no recollection of Intratex's rate requests in general.  He
agreed that it is the operator's (his) responsibility to carefully monitor the
flow of gas from a well being brought back on-line after it has been
shut-in, to make sure no damage occurs.
His son, Devon Creager, has been  pumping the well since early 1985,
and generally has no knowledge or memory of any facts relevant to the
case.  However, he does not know of anything unusual about the well's
production since that time, except that it has gradually declined in
production, which is what he would expect with any gas well.
Wollschlager's deposition is scheduled for September 14.
I am contacting Harper Estes today, to get possible dates for the elusive
mediation.  Judge Gilles called me today (after talking to Morgan) to see if
we needed his help to get a mediation scheduled.  I thanked him and told
him I thought we would be able to schedule a mutually agreeable date,
but told him we may call him next week if we needed him to "help" us.
Stay tuned . . . Andy Taylor
This is the correct address
Gosh---I'm blushing.
I think you sent this to the wrong person---at least I hope so because I have 
no idea what it is.
Employees bid for bankrupt mill
Friday, 3 September, 8:30 p.m.
NIAGARA FALLS, Ont. (CP)
FORMER EMPLOYEES of bankrupt Gallaher Thorold Papers said Friday they
have filed a letter of intent to buy the paper mill. Details of the bid
were not immediately available. "We have developed employee ownership as
a viable alternative in several other locations," Cec Makowski,
vice-president of the Communications, Energy and Paperworkers Union of
Canada, said in a release.
The union said it has led successful employee ownership bids at Ontario
paper mills in Kapuskasing, Thunder Bay and Sault Ste. Marie.
A letter of intent was sent to the receiver, Ernst and Young, with the
support of the employee group, the management group and the
International Union of Operating Engineers.
The union represented most of the mill's 310 workers, who were laid off
when the Thorold plant shut down May 25.
The mill, which produced a variety of paper products including
envelopes, wallpaper and consumer packaging, has not operated since and
was put into receivership in June. It can make products using 100 per
cent recycled paper.
Does this mean you have heard from Rocky? Dont give up hope yet--- there 
might be a position not under Rick Shapiro(wishfully thinking)
Are we running into a problem with the Nov. 3 trial setting?
Here is a message from Neal Manne about his availability for the Nov 3 trial 
date.
nmanne@susmangodfrey.com on 09/08/99 05:19:04 PM
My trial obviously is running longer than anticipated.  I do not have a good
sense of when it will end.  It will be at least several more weeks.  It
obviously is nearly impossible to do any real preparation for the next trial
while I am still in this one, although Carrin and I have been speaking
regularly and materials have been shipped here for me to review.  Let's
discuss.
>> "rsander@ect.enron.com" 09/08/99 07:05am 
Are we running into a problem with the Nov. 3 trial setting?
I do know them. Great folks. The lawyer for the plaintiffs--Patricia whatever 
is an awful person. If it is not a bench trial i'll tell you more.
The plaintiffs atty--Patricia Whatever has been against me in two cases. She 
sued GroupMac in one case and Enron in another. One day I'm sitting at the 
house on Tosca when the phone rings. Its her. She must have seen my name on a 
list of residents. She starts pumping me for info:Have you seen this dog on 
the loose in the area before. Now mind you when I was younger,slimmer and 
with less kids, I was in the yard all the time. I knew the stray dogs. I told 
her I had never seen their dog loose before and in fact I didn't know they 
had a dog. Needless to say I never heard from her again 
FYI I am no longer on the Board
Even though I have not seen te bill, I do have a concern that it will prevent 
us from making our 3rd Q earnings. How bad is it?
Peter Keohane
07/31/2000 10:31 AM
Dan Fournier phoned this morning to say he is sending you his initial 
account, with a copy to me.  If you or Mark have any concerns please let me 
know.
NOTE:  We have set up a separate RC for Stanley so that all costs are billed 
back to Lavorato.  Your assistant can call Linda Sietzema for details 
(403-974-6708).
Yes. Send his resume.
Why are we meeting again?
09/01/99 08:18 AM
Louis Soldano@
Louis Soldano@
Louis Soldano@
09/01/99 08:18 AM
09/01/99 08:18 AM
Gentlemen - two items.
First, HPL has been sued (filed but not served) in a very minor right-of-way 
matter.  It is so minor I expect it can be resolved before plaintiff ever 
serves.  What type of information/involvement, if any,  would you like to see 
on this matter?
Second, the big picture.  Since Mr. Hammer has moved on to better hunting and 
fishing grounds, I now have overall responsibility of the GPG Law Operations 
group.  What types of information/involvement would you like to see on any 
HPL litigation that would be handled by operations?  We will, of course, keep 
Mr. Schneider well informed since he is the client 
Thoughts 
Send Brenda---but don't spend too much time on it.
Yes-- I guess things don't move as quickly as you might want. 
What is the status of this?
Dale Snyder
09/13/99 03:41 PM
thanks mark.  reason i asked this morning is that richard sanders needs to 
pay to colonial by tomorrow any balances legitimately due colonial by enron IF we withheld the usd 250k (tomas?) and lost the 161 then we need to (a) 
verify by all enclosed that we owe them (250-161) usd 89k and tell richard 
how we pay them (check or transfer or whatever).  pls advise today.
(3) Yes,  we loss $161 K on the Florida for the Colonial - PGE Sale for the 
99,000 barrels we bought from Colonial.     Mark 
Dale Snyder
09/13/99 10:34 AM
it looks as though we overwithheld about usd 80k that is now due colonial
(1) against their invoice to us of usd 1,089,379.26 i believe we paid them 
usd 839,379.26 shortpaying them usd 250k exactly correct Tomas?
(2) we sent colonial documentation (feb 12, 1999 fax from Tomas) showing that 
we estimated that they  owed us usd 132,752.92 for the barging on the first 
(and subsequently only) lifting from colonial to pge correct Tomas?
(3) however we subsequently found  that we incurred usd 161,406.59 in total 
costs as evidenced by leskowitz's spreadsheet dtd 8/23/99 right Mark?
Chad, Mark, Tomas: can you pls confirm that we would therefore owe Colonial 
usd 88,590 correct?
nyet
I am getting the file together. Unfortunately, I am in an Arbitration this 
week. Does Jolen vs ECT ring any bells? I will set it up next week.
Have we been paid?
I am OK with the settlement.
Fine
Linda R Guinn
07/31/2000 01:21 PM
I'd like to take a week off before the kids go back to school.  I was 
tentatively thinking of taking Aug. 10, 11, 14.  Let me know if this works.
Linda Guinn
I sent it today.Please get w/ Bonnie ---she will handle but you make sure it 
is passed off to her. Thanks. 
Linda R Guinn
09/21/99 03:18 PM
Was the letter, check and waiver of summons forwarded to Ratterree?  If so, I 
would like a copy for my files.  As previously discussed, please have Twanda 
carbon copy me on correspondence regarding the matters you assigned me Thanks.
I dont want to be the only one using a strike, but if others agree lets 
strike him.
Wed is OK. Tues is bad.
Please set up a meeting for next week
Robert C Williams@_DEVELOPMENT
09/17/99 01:37 PM
Richard, want to get together on this next week?
I am in an arbitration all week. Can you get together with the appropriate 
person(s) at PGE to find out about the hiring of Richard Carroll and report 
back?
On Tues. 9/21 I met with Phil Zirngibl, the Alliance manager for Ft. James I informed him Enron wanted the original $10mm back.  It was our belief that  
FJ did not act in good faith in "expeditiously and fairly evaluating" all of 
Enron's energy proposals.  Phil argued that Enron saw substantial revenue 
from the commodity (gas & coal) deals that were executed.  I argued that 
commodity deals were never the "intent" of the Alliance as outlined in the 
"Objectives of the Parties."  I told him we didn't need an Alliance agreement 
to do commodity deals.
Phil was only prepared to argue the definition of "substantial assets" as it 
related to the asset sale.  I told him Kalamazoo was substantial to us 
because that was where we had a significant energy project.  It was also 
substantial because the mill was ranked in the top 3 in terms of natural gas 
consumption.  FJ let us work on the Kzoo project for 9 months before 
informing us the mill would be sold.  I told Phil this is not how Alliance 
partners treat each other. 
I asked Phil if he was prepared to offer any proposal to resolve the 
situation.  His response was FJ was happy with the Alliance and wanted to 
continue with it "as is."  My response was that was not acceptable to Enron.
I told him the list of potential mediators for the dispute was being sent to 
their counsel Greg Chaffee.
Next Steps:
I think we need to pick out a couple of strong project examples to use in our 
case to present to the mediator.  Rather than just show the list of potential 
deals Enron pitched and the lost opportunity value, I think a stronger case 
to get our original $10mm back is to say here are 3 examples, here is the 
value to both parties, and FJ still did not do the project (or they chose to 
do it themselves).  This should go a long way to proving "bad faith 
I will get with David Barr and start assembling this information along with 
the entire project list and the various "reasons" FJ chose not to do the 
projects.
Based on this initial meeting, if the parties can't resolve the dispute 
within 30 days, the dispute goes to non-binding mediation.  The parties are 
to meet with the mediator within 21 days of the dispute being referred to the 
mediator.  Per the Alliance agreement, the mediation meeting should take 
place anytime between now and November 10.
Let me know if you have questions.
Send me both Motions for SJ. Thanks.
Non.
Please handle
Corporate Administrative Services
I am in the process of updating the Enron Legal Database.  As a result of all 
of the organizational changes and new employees, you can imagine that this is 
quite a task!  At your convenience, please e-mail me the following 
information:
Company
Title
Address (Street, City, Zip, Country)
Room Number
Business Phone Number
Fax Number
Assistant's Name
Assistant's Phone Number
E-Mail Address
Thank you for your assistance!
I have attached the weekly litigation report.
Just testing you.      (youpassed)
"Tetrault, Charles D."  	07/31/2000 02:18 PM
Yes.  See my July 13 e-mail to you, a copy of which I will forward to you.
Did you know about these?
|
This is to advise you that there are two nationwide private natural gas
royalty
cases that have been filed in the Eastern District of Texas before Judge
Hannah.
Neither lists Enron Corp or any of its subsidiaries as a defendant.  Both
cases
are class actions.  Neither is a Qui Tam action.  The allegations are
similar to
those in the other Lufkin gas royalty cases.
The first, in Civil Action 9:99cv255, was filed September 20, 1999.  The
plaintiff is Jack D. Stirman, a Colorado resident.  The defendants are Mobil
Oil
Corporation, Mobil Natural Gas, Inc., Mobil Exploration and Producing
Southeast,
Inc., Mobil Exploration and Producing Texas & New Mexico, Inc. and Mobil
Exploration and Producing U.S.
The second, Civil Action 9:00cv140, was filed June 8, 2000.  The plaintiffs
are
Melanie Sawyer Levengood of Vacaville, CA and Douglas T. Babb of Juneau, WI.
The defendants are Shell Oil Company, Shell Exploration & Production
Company,
Shell Offshore, Inc., Shell Western E&P, Inc. and Shell Gas Trading Company.
Michael A. Havard of Provost and Umphey in Beaumont is representing the
plaintiffs in both cases.  Robert R. Herring, Jr. of Fleming & Asso. of
Houston,
signed the Stirman complaint.
Both cases are posted on the Eastern District of Texas website at
www.edtx.uscourts.gov.  Enter the site and look under "Frequently Requested
Cases".  You may also call me at Ext. 31843 to request a copy.
Regarding the Gene Wright v. AGIP, et al gas royalty case, Barry Hunsaker
told
me that even though Enron Corp. and Enron Oil and Gas had  been dropped as
defendants in the Second Original Amended Complaint , (both entities were
named
in  Original and First Original Amended Complaints),  both are again named
as
defendants in the Third Original Amended Complaint which was filed on June
13,
2000.    The firm of Verner, Liipfert, who represented the plaintiffs, had a
conflict with EOG, and Barry indicated they dropped Enron and EOG to
preserve
the case.  That conflict has now been resolved.  The June 13 complaint is
not
yet on the website, so Barry is having a copy made for us.
If you have any questions, please call me at Ext. 31843.
It looks fine to me.
I've seen it and it still looks good to me 
Sean Casey
09/28/99 09:35 AM
George informed me of the pending situation with Peabody and I told him that 
when I was with Pittston we had a 
dispute with the NS railroad which hinged upon the fungibility of coking 
coal. Pittston's chief technical guy was George
Denton, now retired and , I believe, is available for consultation. George is 
highly respected and has a vast amount of
data and experience . Please advise me if you would wish to talk to him.
Thank you
Sean Casey
Attached is the weekly litigation report.
Fine. What are the court costs?
I have attached a memo from Don Black regarding his meeting with Duke 
yesterday. As you will note,this memo outlines the factual differences 
between the parties. The legal issue is one straight out of first year 
Contracts class: Was there a meeting of the minds so as to create a binding 
contract? When I first looked at this I was somewhat concerned. In response 
to an email from Duke describing a particular index pricing, Julian responded 
simply "I agree." But after talking to Don, Greg Whalley ,reviewing all the 
email correspondence, and, most importantly, listening to the trader tapes, I 
am convinced that Julian never agreed to the index that Duke is alleging. In 
other words I think we can make a good argument to get around  the damaging I agree" email. It is clear that Duke's trader didn't, and probably still 
doesn't understand what index she was usingin her email. The Master Agreement 
provides for arbitration in Houston with three arbitrators, one of whom must 
have 8 years of experience in derivatives. I'll take my chances with that 
kind of panel. I estimate our liklihood of prevailing is in the 70-80% range. 
Let me know if you need anything further.
Don Black@_DEVELOPMENT
10/05/99 05:46 PM
Julian Poole and I attended at meeting at our office with Erik Ludtke and Amy 
Statler of Duke Intl. today.  We reviewed the tapes and the emails, and they 
are hanging their hat on the fact that the only monomic price published by 
Cammesa is the index to which they are referring.   Our answer to that claim 
is that they defined the trade as a 7 by 24 flat load, when the index they 
are trying to use is a demand weighted index.  Also, in the tape, immediately 
following the word "monomic" by Amy, is a definitional description; "capacity 
plus energy".   Cammesa states that there is no where that you can find the 
definition of the word monomic in their library.  We believe that monomic 
means the hourly price plus the capacity payment for peak hours.
Lastly, the index she wants to use is a monthly number, published only once a 
month, but she states in her  "let's add" email that she would like it to "be 
the monthly average of the monomic spot price published by Cammesa"  I asked 
her how do you calculate the monthly average of a number that is published 
once a month.  I related to her that the logic did not follow.  She responded 
with a forgettable comment.
We had a long discussion about whether or not a trade had occurred.  I 
explained to them that legally, the transaction is not closed until the deal 
is closed by an authorized ECT trader in Houston. Also, we explained the 
closure process to them multiple times.   We never admitted to a trade.
They think that they caught Julian.  I told them that if they had been 
clearer in their definition of their desired index, I would feel a "trader's 
obligation" to follow-thru with the process, but if they wanted to use the 
"Precio Medio Monomico as Published by the Cammesa in the section of The 
Boletin entitled Los Resultados Economicos for the applicable months"   or  
the "Precio Medio En El Mes, Monomico, published in the Informe Mensual under 
the heading Precio de la Energia and Monomico", they should have just said it.
They want $500,000 in LD's, or they will let us honor the trade and flip it 
out to them at $22.50 for a MTM loss of $308,000.  Our estimate is that the 
alleged trade is about $220,000 out of the money at present.
Our decision is to allow this matter to take its course.  Erik is going to 
decide what he wants to do, and will inform me.  If he wants to pursue the 
matter, he will refer the matter to Bruce of Duke Intl.
If anyone has any instructions as to how we should proceed, please let us 
know.
For future reference, the traders here have been informed to not agree to 
things in an email, even if they are agreeing to the clarification of an 
outline of a deal clearly marked "INDICATION".  Lesson learned.
I am good for $25.
Actually if this case goes to arbitration, it will be in Houston. Know any 
good lawyers?
X-large( and getting larger by the minute)
LLGM
Dan Lyons
07/31/2000 04:31 PM
They are pursuing the QF case to the Supremes....are we going to recommend 
that Pnderosa Pine retain either LLGM or VE on this? It is primarily a FERC 
issue and I don't know whether you want to go with VE for the litigation 
expertise or LLGM fror the FERC expertise...I expect that we are going to get 
asked about this by our commercial people fairly quickly
fordb@winstim.com
07/31/2000 03:13 PM
Kirsten,
As I mentioned to you this morning by phone, we are advised that Brazos 
Electric
Power Cooperative filed a cert. petition on Friday with respect to the  Fifth
Circuit decision in the QF case.  We will send the papers to you (or to 
whomever
Enron or Ponderosa designates) when they come in.
I believe that someone in our D.C. office has informed the Solicitor General's
office that we no longer represent the partnership.  However, I don't think it
will not be necessary for us to file a withdrawal as counsel for the 
partnership
since the cert petition starts a new proceeding.
,
Bart
______________________________________
This message, together with any attachments, is intended only for the
use of the individual or entity to which it is addressed and may contain
information that is legally privileged, confidential and exempt from
disclosure.  If you are not the intended recipient, you are hereby
notified that any dissemination, distribution, or copying of this
message,or any attachment, is strictly prohibited.  If you have received
this message in error, please notify the original sender (or the WSPR
Help Desk) immediately by telephone (212-858-1000) or by return
E-mail and delete the message, along with any attachments, from
your computer.  Thank you.
Attached is a draft letter to Mheir Abitbol at Enerstar Limited in   to 
the voluntary termination notice of amended and restated consulting services 
agreement.
I am but your humble servant. Wed and Thurs are good. Check w/ Twanda--39402
We are mediating this case on Oct 25. As a result, all depositions have been 
postponed.I will let you know if this changes.
Lets find out who their agent for service of process is and send it to them. 
After that I say we drop it.
At this point have we dropped this claim?
Attached is the weekly report regarding the status of ECT Litigation.
Looks good . Please send asap(and take all their phone calls)
Yes and no. I am not listening on the calls, but either Andy or Barrett call 
me immediately afterwards to update me on the progress. If they leave me a 
voicemail, I will forward it to you.
Last week, I offered $10,000 to allow us to stay put. I have not heard 
anything back.
Please respond
"Dayle Petrillo"  	08/01/2000 11:37 AM
Regarding above in the Kansas case, I am preparing the pro rata reimbursement 
checks from the Holland & Hart trust account to Enron and EOG.  To whom shall 
I send the EOG check?  Shall I send both checks to your attention?
Attached is the weekly report re ECT Litigation.
Either
Call him and see if we need to produce anything.
SHoward@milbank.com on 10/18/99 08:20:36 PM
Mike Diamond (for PaineWeber) has negotiated an agreement with Mike Swartz
that none of the defendants need respond to the pending discovery at this
time.  We will be having further discussions.  I think some of the
defendants "demurred" today rather than answering.  A demurrer is roughly
the state-court equivalent of a Rule 12(b)(6) motion.
I will keep you advised.
- att1.htm
Are you still in charge of recruiting for the collection of assest formerly 
known as Enron International?
Shari Stack
10/05/99 01:38 PM
In case we have a position open, attached is the resume of a friend of mine, 
Mirari Barriola. She is primarily a finance attorney and is fluent in 
Spanish, German and English. Her husband just began the Enron associate 
program and sent her resume to EI but I thought it would be worthwhile 
passing it around here. 
Please let me know if you are interested to meet her.
Many thanks, 
Shari
I sent a follow-up letter  today.
Looks good to me.
I have no changes
I have asked Britt to follow up on this matter. He will attempt to determine 
who are the targets of these letters. He is also doing some research on 
whether the atty violated an ethical duty by sending this letter to Rick 
Causey and others at Enron.
I will call him.
Our plan is to be in Ft. Worth by Fri the 11th at 5pm. I was hoping to get 
together w/ Rob and Amy and Scott and Elizabeth on Sat. night. What about 
Frior even better Sun. night 
Namuathome@aol.com
07/30/2000 11:01 PM
Hi Richard and Julie,
We are looking forward to seeing you when you come to Ft. Worth. You should
be getting close to finishing your class! I bet you can't wait! When do you
plan on coming up? Is the whole family coming? Maybe we could get Rob and Amy
and Camille over for dinner? If you have other plans that is fine to. See you
soon.
Susan
Meeting. Dave Duran and Michele Cash should also be involved.
Dwight Beach
10/22/99 01:57 PM
Attached is a memo regarding the conversation I had with Georges Fernandez 
yesterday evening.
FYI
Enron Economic Development Corp.
fyi
Sent by: Mark E Haedicke
Today, I talked to the GC of both Southern and Duke.  Each GC said they were 
not really up to speed on the issues.  I took the opportunity to walk them 
through the Nerc letter and the action taken at the Serc board meeting.  They 
each attempted to argue our fight was really with TVA.
Mark
System Administrator  Your message
did not reach the following recipient(s):
Bmadden@gibbs-bruns.com on Tue, 2 Nov 1999 16:57:51 -0600
Unable to deliver the message due to a communications failure
MSEXCH:IMS:Gibbs_Bruns:HOUSTON:GB_EXFX 0 (000C05A6) Unknown
Recipient
fyi
Sent by:  Mark E Haedicke
Today, I talked to the GC of both Southern and Duke.  Each GC said they
were not
really up to speed on the issues.  I took the opportunity to walk them
through
the Nerc letter and the action taken at the Serc board meeting.  They
each
attempted to argue our fight was really with TVA.
Mark
- pic00967.pcx
I confirmed that all the LPs and GPs of ECT Securities LP are Enron cos, 
incorperated in Delaware with offices in Houston.
SHoward@milbank.com on 11/02/99 11:42:30 PM
The Milbank attorney working with me on the Farallon and Legg Mason cases is
Roland Tellis  phone 213-892-4573; e-mail  rtellis@milbank.com
Steve Howard
Milbank, Tweed, Hadley & McCloy LLP
showard@milbank.com
213-892-4478; 213-892-4748 (fax)
- att1.htm
Attached is a proposed letter to Mark Roberts regarding the dispute between 
Enron Power Marketing, Inc. and MidAmerican Energy Company. 
I owe you lunch. Lets take Bruce so I don't have to pay for it.
Please set this up for Mon morning
Dale Rasmussen
08/03/2000 02:22 PM
I'm back in the office now.  Is there a time we can talk either later today 
or sometime tomorrow?
Welcome back. Do we need to set up a meeting to discuss the tortious 
interference question we talked about before you left?
FYI
SHoward@milbank.com on 11/03/99 10:35:06 PM
I spoke with Legg Madson's lawyer today.  He said that his complaint was
done in haste and that he had not really thought everything through yet.  He
said he would be glad to consider any written or oral showing we may wish to
offer as to why ECT should not be in the suit.  (I made a brief pitch about
why would we invest $30m just to get $750K as a fee for defrauding
ourselves.  The lawyer seemed to understand.)  Richard, we should now decide
how to proceed.  I would suggest a phone call with Legg Mason's counsel that
you participate in, going over the facts and offering to supply documents to
support what we say.
Lisa, could you fax me a copy of the signed agreement with Oaktree in which
ECT/Enron agreed to some continuing cooperation with Oaktree in the
litigation.  Mike Swartz is calling us about that
Steve Howard
Milbank, Tweed, Hadley & McCloy LLP
showard@milbank.com
213-892-4478; 213-892-4748 (fax)
- att1.htm
I'll take any game except tonight. Let me know if i've won.
fyi
Richard:
As you know, Glidden filed a motion for stay of proceedings today.
Scarlett is working on an initial draft of a response.  I will be in
Austin tomorrow at Graves Dougherty, but she will fax the draft to me
there, I will edit it and we will get something over for you to look at
tomorrow evening.
As we anticipated, what prompted this was our insistence on the
appointment of the third appraiser--so there is no need to reevaluate
our strategy at this stage.  We will simply proceed as planned to file a
response in opposition to a stay of the appraisal proceeding and,
simultaneously, a plea in abatement/motion for stay asking the judge to
stay Intrust's common law claims pending the resolution of the appraisal
proceeding.
I will call you to check in with you about mid-day to get your thoughts.
I will also have my cell phone with me, (713) 249-2677, and you can
reach me there if need be.
Thanks,
KP
P.S. - Could I trouble you to forward this on to Gene Humphrey and Mark
Lay?  I'd like for them to know the drafting schedule, but I don't have
their e-mail addresses.
No need to call. My thoughts are: defeat his motion to stay,win our motion to 
stay.
Perfect
Richard B Sanders
11/05/99 11:56 AM
Sent by: Twanda Sweet
Attached is a proposed letter to Mark Roberts regarding the dispute between 
Enron Power Marketing, Inc. and MidAmerican Energy Company. 
I just sent you the letter. I'll be here all day.
Geoffrey Allen
11/09/99 08:11 AM
Richard,
Jim mentioned that you had forwarded a letter to him -- somehow he never got 
it.  Can you send it to Lucy Marshall and to me, so that we can work with Jim 
to try to get this out today or tomorrow.  I believe we need to move forward 
to try to resolve this commercially but want to proceed with the letter 
first, as we discussed a week or so ago.
I appreciate your help on this issue 
Geoff
ext. 3-3182
I guess we will know on Tues.
We are going around and around with Sitler's attorney about the appointment 
of arbitrators. The "contract", and I use that term loosely, between Sitler 
and Cgas calls for the appointment of 3 disinterested arbitrators. Sitler has 
appointed a friend of his who we do not believe qualifies as disinterested. 
The only claim Sitler should have is a request that the district court settle 
the dispute and order Cgas to appoint an arbitrator. 
I have asked Bruce Oakley at Bracewell to call Sitler's atty and fish for 
information. I'll let you know what Bruce finds out
Send them to me. I dont think you need to review them.
Maureen McVicker@EES
07/24/2000 04:34 PM
Attached is the revised document.
PRIVILEGED AND CONFIDENTIAL
- -  Seeking Advice of Counsel 
Attached is a draft public statement for your review and comment 
The groundrules for using these statements are as follows:
All press inquiries should be directed to Eric Thode.
We will use the more "basic statement" unless press inquiries are specific 
and informed by knowledgeable industry participants.
We will use only those parts of the more detailed statement which are 
necessary.
The document begins with a background piece to briefly educate Enron 
personnel who may not be aware of Project Stanley but may be called upon to 
respond to regulators' or customers' inquiries.
Aleck - - please get Seabrou's help filling in the blanks.
Richard - - feel free to forward to outside counsel as you see fit.
( REVISED VERSION)
Could you get w/ Eileen and let me know 1) which case this is and 2) what is 
happening
Eileen Kisluk@
10/11/99 08:33 AM
Gentlemen:
This lotus note is to advise you that trial in the captioned matter is 
scheduled for January 17, 2000 and mediation is scheduled for November 16, 
1999.  We have authorized $50,000 in settlement authority.  I have advised 
our outside counsel that I am available to attend the mediation.  Dave Howe 
told me that he needs to check with the other parties involved as it was his 
understanding that only trial counsel are going to attend the mediation.  In 
any event, Risk Management will be available by telephone if more authority 
is necessary.
I will keep you abreast of all significant developments.
- - EWK
SHoward@milbank.com on 11/03/99 10:35:06 PM
I spoke with Legg Madson's lawyer today.  He said that his complaint was
done in haste and that he had not really thought everything through yet.  He
said he would be glad to consider any written or oral showing we may wish to
offer as to why ECT should not be in the suit.  (I made a brief pitch about
why would we invest $30m just to get $750K as a fee for defrauding
ourselves.  The lawyer seemed to understand.)  Richard, we should now decide
how to proceed.  I would suggest a phone call with Legg Mason's counsel that
you participate in, going over the facts and offering to supply documents to
support what we say.
Lisa, could you fax me a copy of the signed agreement with Oaktree in which
ECT/Enron agreed to some continuing cooperation with Oaktree in the
litigation.  Mike Swartz is calling us about that
Steve Howard
Milbank, Tweed, Hadley & McCloy LLP
showard@milbank.com
213-892-4478; 213-892-4748 (fax)
- att1.htm
no
Attached for your review is a draft letter to Georges Fernandez. 
I registered for and attended the first day of the 3 day course on 
electricity that started Tuesday. Unfortunately, I was summoned back to 
Houston on a work related emergency. I would like to complete the class if it 
is offered in the spring. Is this possible?
This action by the U.S. Supreme Court may be very good news for the Grynberg 
case.
Dawne Davis  We received this news flash courtesy of John Boese.
CIVIL FALSE CLAIMS ACT:  SUPREME COURT ORDERS BRIEFING ON CONSTITUTIONALITY 
OF QUI TAM ENFORCEMENT
In a surprise announcement, the Supreme Court yesterday indicated that it 
will determine this term whether a private individual (known as a"relator who files a qui tam False Claims Act cases has standing to bring such a case.
In an FCA case already fully briefed and ready for argument on November 29 Vermont Agency of Natural Resources v. United States ex rel Stevens, No. 
98-1828, the court had granted certiorari to determine two issues:  (1 whether states have immunity under the Eleventh Amendment from FCA suits 
brought by qui tam relators, and  (2) whether states are "persons" subject to 
FCA liability.  Yesterday,  the Supreme Court issued an order
instructing the parties to file, by November 30, additional briefs on the qui 
tam relator's standing to bring an FCA suit.  A panel of the Fifth Circuit 
Court of Appeals recently issued an opinion declaring qui tam enforcement 
unconstitutional, a ruling that would have created a conflict among the 
circuits.  See, United States ex rel. Riley v. St. Luke's Episcopal Hospital, 
No. 97-20948, 1999 WL 1034216  (5th Cir. Nov 15, 1999), discussed in 
FraudMail Alertc 11-15-99 and FraudMail Alert No. 99-11-18.  In a split 
decision, the Fifth Circuit panel ruled  that when the government declines 
intervention, qui tam enforcement of the FCA violates the Take Care Clause of 
the Constitution and the separation of powers doctrine.  However, that ruling 
was vacated and the Riley case is now before the full Fifth Circuit for en 
banc review.
The constitutionality of qui tam enforcement has been hotly debated since 
the watershed amendments to the False Claims Act in 1986 significantly 
expanded the rights and powers of qui tam relators.  Every district court to
consider the issue, and five (5) courts of appeals, had concluded that qui 
tam enforcement is constitutional, albeit on conflicting (and sometimes 
inexplicable) grounds.  Judge Hoyt's ruling in Riley was the first district 
court opinion holding that  qui tam enforcement is unconstitutional.  The
District Court in Riley concluded that the qui tam relator lacked standing to 
sue under the FCA because he had suffered no injury in fact.  See Riley v. 
St. Luke's Episcopal Hospital, 982 F. Supp. 1261 (S.D. Tex 1997).  The
Fifth Circuit panel affirmed this ruling, but on different constitutional 
grounds.  It was hoped that on rehearing en banc the Fifth Circuit would also 
find the qui tam provisions unconstitutional, and would create a conflict in 
the circuits to require Supreme Court review of this constitutional issue. 
The Supreme Court's order yesterday in the Stevens
case indicates that the Court intends to expedite that consideration and 
resolve at least the standing issue this term.
One final note:  while it is surprising that the constitutional issue would 
be raised by the Court at such a late date, the issue is not new to the 
Stevens case.  In the Second Circuit Court of Appeals decision in Stevens, 
162 F.3d 195 (2d Cir. 1999), Judge Jack B. Weinstein, sitting by
designation, issued a lengthy dissent from the panel decision both on the 
issue of Eleventh Amendment immunity and on the separation of powers and 
standing issues even though the Second Circuit had ruled in 1993 that qui tam 
enforcement was constitutional.  See, U.S. ex rel. Kreindler & Kreindler v. 
United Technologies Corp., 985 F. 2d 1148 (2d Cir.), cert denied, 113 S. Ct. 
2962 (1993).  And, of course, it is not unusual for the court to question 
standing at any time.
FraudMail Alertc No. 11-20-99
Your revisions look good. For the last paragraph,change this to "...Enron has 
not asked Enerstar to reimburse Enron's considerable expenses"
I'll be happy to schedule him. What do you think?
Dwight Beach
11/22/99 01:49 PM
Attached is a redline of the letter to Enerstar.  Both Peggy and I have made 
some changes.   When you have a chance let's talk.
1.  I'm not sure the address is correct anymore for Enerstar.
2.  I did not change it in the letter, but I have a question about the 
sentence in the last paragraph where we say that "... , Enron is not seeking 
to recover its considerable expenses from Enerstar Limited".  Do you think 
that we need to say this?
Done
Randy Petersen
08/04/2000 02:39 PM
FYI
?
- 0804 News ReleaseDraft.doc
Richard B Sanders
11/22/99 02:33 PM
Your revisions look good. For the last paragraph,change this to "...Enron has 
not asked Enerstar to reimburse Enron's considerable expenses"
Attached is the weekly ECT Litigation report.
I want you to know that I really keep an eye on the restricted list in hopes 
that NSM will not show up. I want to tell all of my family, especially my 
widowed mother who lives off her pension, to snatch up as many shares and 
bonds as they can.
Do you have lunch plans today?
Are you going to be here for Christmas?
Really? I'd feel like a mooch. Lets have lunch next week. Any day but Monday 
or Thurs.
Tues.is good. I'll call you.
Obviously, Barrett is already working on this. Please coordinate w/ him.
Don - the draft looks good. My only thought is that we may not need to
require that the posted copies be file stamped. It seems to me that this
requirement could cause some delay. Moreover, the hard copies people get
by ordinary service are not file stamped. Given that my client is
continuing to incur copying costs, I ask that you  try to get this
proposal circulated as quickly as possible. Thanks- Barrett
Clay, Jay and Barrett,
The three of you strike me as the best choices to give me feedback
on the attached draft of informal procedures I recommend we propose
to kansas JDT members.   I would appreciate your review and
suggestions.
We wrote him a letter rejecting his offer of $250,000 and asked for $1 
million. It might be a good idea for you to call him and feel him out. We 
would certainly take less than $1 million. What do you think?
As we discussed.
Miles Cohn  Britt and Bonnie:
As I discussed with Britt this morning, I represent Furlow Services, Inc which is owed substantial sums under two general construction contracts with 
Ecogas Corp., one in Dallas (the McCommas Landfill) and the other in San 
Antonio (Nelson Gardens Landfill).  (There are two "Ecogas Corp."s, one a 
Texas corp. and one a Delaware corp. It appears that Furlow's contracts are 
with the Delaware corporation, but I have not been able to fully verify that.)
Tom Hall, the general cousel of Ecogas (512/347-1441), tells us, in general 
terms, that Ecogas has been acquired by Enron (ECT, I think) and that we will 
get paid when Enron puts up the money.  Mr. Hall has mentioned that his 
contact at Enron is John Lambert.  I called Mr. Lambert yesterday, but have 
not yet received a response. Mr. Hall also disputes our invoices, although we 
have not been able to get him to set out his disputes in any detail.
I have been corresponding with Mr. Hall, trying to get this worked out, since 
August of this year, and we are now at an impasse.  Furlow Services has filed 
mechanic's liens and desires to file suit.  I have prepared lawsuits for 
recovery of the Furlow accounts on the two projects and to foreclose its 
liens on those projects.
There are two reasons why I am contacting you before filing the lawsuits:
1.  I need to verify what (if any) relationship there is between Ecogas 
and Enron.  Since I have represented other Enron subsidiaries, and would like 
to continue to do so, I will not file any lawsuit against Enron or any of its 
subsidiaries.  If we confirm that Ecogas really is an Enron subsidiary, 
whether direct or indirect, then I will obtain new counsel for Furlow 
Services on this dispute.
2.  Since Enron regularly pays its bills, something doesn't seem right 
about this entire scenario if Enron has in fact acquired Ecogas.  If Enron 
does have responsibility for Ecogas' construction costs, perhaps this all can 
be worked out in a meeting rather than a lawsuit.  If I can facilitate 
working this out, and if both Furlow and Enron consent to my continuing to 
play a role in settlement discussions, I would continue to represent Furlow 
solely for purposes of settlement discussions.
I sincerely appreciate your help on this matter.  I know it is hard to 
get anything done this week, and I will be leaving this afternoon for the 
Thanksgiving holiday.  No lawsuits will be filed this week, and I will follow 
up with you next week before taking any action.  In the meantime, thanks 
again and have a great holiday!
fyi
thomas.klaray@ca.pwcglobal.com on 03/28/2000 04:04:13 PM
Further to my discussion with Tim Nakaska, I confirm that we have $84,508.39 
in
out trust account as at March 28, 2000.
We have retained an amount of $47,000 relating to the Canada Customs & Revenue
Agency's trust claim, pending final determination as to entitlement.
We prepared a wire transfer of the US dollar equivalent of $35,000 CDN to the
same account as we transferred  funds to in September 1999.
The balance of  $2,508.39 has been retained  in our trust account to cover
incidentals. I am faxing our standard enclosure letter to your attention.
If you require any further information, please advise.
,
Tom
Linda-- Please check with Stuart Kusin at Susman whether we agreed to return 
this material. Otherwise tell Kevin to archive it.
Kevin Hyatt@
08/02/2000 10:00 AM
Richard, I still have approximately 10-12 boxes of supporting documentation 
accumulated over the life of the FJ Energy Alliance.  Should we send these to 
archives, destroy, or back to FJ?
thanks
Kevin Hyatt
x35559
I just got it this afternoon. It is headed your way.
I must be getting stupid in my old age,but I can't understand this email at 
all. I'll find you tomorrow so you can translate.
Ross Baldick  Dear Richard,
Yes, this should be fine.  Did you talk to Shannon Heck
about it?
Ross
Do you have any more news on Natolie/IBC?  I am ready to get aggressive. 
Also---We need to meet regarding Calpine and decide how to proceed.
Do we really need it translated? Is Britt getting out of these translations, 
or does he still have to talk to the French attorneys?
Linda Guinn has this information and will contact you shortly
I have already given Andy my input. If you have comments , please call Andy 
before 1:00pm today.
Please give Andy your comments by 1:00pm today.
Can you print these out in color asap? I need 2 copies.
These charts contain the "technical answer" to what happened in the PX market 
on May 25, 1999.  Please ensure that they are printed in COLOR and 
distributed as necessary.
He must be out of town. In my dealings w/ him he has always been responsive. 
He is not returning my calls either.
Call Steve Williams at EOG Resourses in Denver or Barry Hunsacker in Houston
Linda R Guinn
08/02/2000 09:08 AM
Please only send the Enron check to us.  I'll check and see who the 
appropriate person at EOG is and will forward that information as soon as 
possible.
Linda Guinn
Richard B Sanders
08/01/2000 01:34 PM
Please respond
"Dayle Petrillo"  	08/01/2000 11:37 AM
Regarding above in the Kansas case, I am preparing the pro rata reimbursement 
checks from the Holland & Hart trust account to Enron and EOG.  To whom shall 
I send the EOG check?  Shall I send both checks to your attention?
Can you handle this?
As we have discussed, for the personal jurisdiction and other Rule 12
motions, we would like to prove a negative and show that none of the Enron
companies has had any contacts or relationships with any of the named
plaintiffs.
There is now posted on the Kansas extranet a Dwight's printout showing the
wells / leases in Kansas for which Quinque Operating Company is the
operator.  You might have someone at Northern examine this list and see if
the well, lease, field, and reservoir names trigger any thoughts about
whether Northern has any connection or relationship with Quinque.  Thanks.
If you have any trouble getting it downloaded from the extranet, I can fax
the list to you.
Charles D. Tetrault
Vinson & Elkins L.L.P.
ctetrault@velaw.com
(202)-639-6551
(202)-639-6604 [fax]
- att1.unk
Please set up a conference call with Linda Green, me, and Shelia Tweed for 
early next week. Linda Green may not know about why we are calling--- we have 
a potential search in Portland for a Power Plant development atty.
Sheila Tweed
11/22/99 03:42 PM
Would you have time to contact Linda Green or do you want me to do it?
Karen E Jones
11/22/99 12:59 PM
Hi Sheila.  For a headhunter in the NW, I'd suggest Linda Green.  Perkins 
Coie uses her, as do (it turns out) PGE and ECI.  She also does work for 
Intel.  Here is her information:
Green and Associates
2701 NW Vaughn Street, Suite 450
Portland, OR   97210
(503)224-9601
Hope this is helpful.  Did you get my message about Andy Wu?
Janet Moore tells me that he could go back to EI if he wanted, but he doesn't 
want to travel. Should we at least talk to him? Mark--- have you found out 
anything about his reputation
FYI
Sent by: Mark E Haedicke
Ok to talk to him, I just don't want to get his expectations up.  Mark
Lets  them pay by December 31
Can we talk about this if it is still an active "case"
Christian Yoder
11/11/99 03:45 PM
Sean and I talked through the Mid-C control area abuse (Puget and WWP's 
refusal to honor Mid-C sales not sunk at Mid-C) with Dan Watkiss of Bracewell 
Patterson.  After "sinking" his mind into the facts, Dan was of the view that 
a two pronged legal approach could be taken:   1.  take one of our apparently 
frequent direct purchases  from Puget at Mid-C as  a test case and when Puget 
refuses to honor the schedule which requires it to be sunk at COB, sue them 
in a state court,  and 2.  bring a complaint against Puget at Ferc allegding 
conduct in breach of the Federal Power Act.    There is enough wrong about 
this situation to cause Dan to say that both actions were potentially 
available.    The real issue now is,  do we want to disrupt our business 
relationship with Puget and WWP by taking either or both of these actions Let's discuss this, and Richard,  I apologize for not getting to you with 
this already, but will call you and discuss it right away.----cgy 
Enron Europe has decided to pursue this claim. How involved would you like me 
to be?
Jon Chapman
11/10/99 09:50 AM
PRIVILEGED ATTORNEY - CLIENT COMMUNICATION  : CONFIDENTIAL  
Mark / Dan / John
As you are aware , earlier this year , we served formal notices of two 
potential warranty claims ( re. the Halochems. closure and the DuPont reduced 
steam-take ) on ICI , as required by the Sale of Business Agreement . We have 
subsequently prepared a detailed draft analysis and costing of our claims 
(the "Particulars of Claim") which has been served on ICI's lawyers , Herbert 
Smith . They have come back with some requests for supporting documentation 
which we are currently dealing with.
The Sale of Business Agreement requires us , unless ICI agree to settle which 
seems highly unlikely at this stage , to issue formal court proceedings 
against ICI before 21 November in respect of the Halochems. claim and before 
17 December in respect of DuPont  . We wish to deal with the two claims 
together and , accordingly , it is proposed that we issue proceedings , at 
latest , on 16 November . Issue puts us into a formal procedural timetable ICI would have 14 days to reply indicating whether they wish to defend and a 
further 14 days to issue a defence , though this period is generally capable 
of being extended by a further 28 days . The process of discovery , whereby 
each side has the opportunity to examine relevant documentation in the 
possession of the other , would probably begin after 3 months or so . If we 
were to go to full trial , this could be in the second half of next year .
If we don't issue proceedings before the relevant dates , we lose the right 
to bring the relevant claim completely unless ICI has waived the requirement 
that we issue proceedings by these dates , which they have shown no 
inclination to do.The downside of issuing proceedings is that , whilst we are 
entitled to withdraw them at any stage if we decide not to proceed with the 
claims , we would then be liable for much of ICI's legal costs from the date 
of issue to the date of withdrawal .  Our lawyers' view  is that , were we to 
go to full trial and lose , the potential aggregate liability for ETOL's 
legal costs and ICI's legal costs would be between o1 million and o1.5 
million (our current costs are around o70 , 000 
In terms of the chances of success of our claims were we to go to full trial 
, I believe  , and am advised , that the DuPont reduced steam-take claim is 
more likely to succeed than the Halochems. shutdown claim . Given the legal 
complexities of contractual warranty claims , I do not think it would be wise 
, at this stage , to be overly confident of success at full trial . However there is certainly , in my view , good potential for achieving a settlement 
with ICI which may involve more than simply a cash payment (eg restructuring 
of key contracts , land deals etc. ) .We do know that , as a matter of 
practice , ICI ignore potential claims unless proceedings have been issued Issue of proceedings should , thus , be viewed primarily , at this stage , as 
a necessary means of getting ICI to the negotiating table . Their costs will 
not ramp up significantly until discovery starts , so we should be ready to 
monitor closely and constantly our prospects in the litigation as against our 
potential exposure should we withdraw or lose .
On the basis of the above , I would recommend that proceedings are issued 
against ICI and would very much welcome your views or comments on this.
.
Jon 
Please move forward on discovery. Lets force them to the conclusion that 
they  really need to get rid of Enron as a Defendant
Richard: I left a message with Twanda this morning, but I understand you
have been a little busy. On Natole: I called Tom Deen again; his client is
reluctant to dismiss Enron without seeing documents to prove that we don't
have any different records on the commission, and that we in fact did not
know about Natole's involvement.  I'm not sure I follow him, but I told Deen
it sounds  like Natole doesn't want to settle yet.  Our document production
is due a week from this Friday, and Alan Ludwig and Linda Guinn have been
gathering the documents for us to review and respond.  On Calpine: I didn't
get to draft a lawsuit before the Thanksgiving holiday, because Michelle and
Haedicke wanted me to rush a draft complaint against Duke, which I did, but
now that seems to have faltered, since we have yet to hear word that we are
authorized to file it.  I have a lengthy series of depositions that are
underway, but let me know if you want to get together on Calpine or want me
to take action, and I'll make time in the schedule for it.
,
Bill
Lets get a petition ready .What is your guestimate on our chances of success. 
It is probanly too late to respond-- but her goes:
1. We like AAA. I don't know how good ASP is.
2. I' d like a more neutral forum. The question to ask yourself--are we going 
to get "hometowned"
3. We do't usually provide for "loser pays" on attorneys fees 
Lunch w/ you not only no but hell no.
Britt Davis@
08/03/2000 02:25 PM
Richard-any interest in doing a lunch with me and Jana to see if this product 
would be a good fit for, say, the PACIFIC VIRGO case?  Thanks.
B.K.D.
"Ames, Jana"  	08/02/2000 06:17 PM
Britt,
Thank you for visiting with Wade and I yesterday.  Please find attached the
revised Charter Letter.  The additions we discussed are in paragraph two.
Please feel free to revise the document.
PowerBrief wants Enron to be a Charter member and will do whatever it takes
to make this a successful venture for you and your company.
If you have any questions or comments, please contact me.  We appreciate
your consideration and time.
Jana
- Charter Group -  Enron_1.doc
I thought these were taken care of long ago. I think they relate to Neal's 
work for EES on the chilled water project for Enron Field. Let me know.
nmanne@susmangodfrey.com on 12/06/99 09:52:44 AM
I still have all those old "counseling"
invoices on our "accounts receivable
watchlist."  They total $9,500 and some
are more than a year old.  Any chance of
getting them paid so we can be clean at
the end of the year?
That's  not  true -
The Resource Report  # 6 - Geological Resources for the
Vector P/L:  CP98-133 ;  filed 12/15/97 i
is on page 211 of that Report.
>>  To whom it may concern:
I am trying to locate Resource Report 6 - Geological Resources for the
Vector Pipleline Environmental Report under docket # CP98-133;
sub-docket 000 filed on 12/15/97.  In the description it says "Vector
Pipeline Cultural Resource Rept 4 through 7.  However, the document only
has the first Resource Report which is number 4.  Could you get back to
me on how to obtain this information.
Thanks
Shawn Anderson
403.974-6731
email:  shawn.anderson@
Did you talk to her today? what do I need to do to follow up?
Sheila Tweed
11/22/99 03:42 PM
Would you have time to contact Linda Green or do you want me to do it?
Karen E Jones
11/22/99 12:59 PM
Hi Sheila.  For a headhunter in the NW, I'd suggest Linda Green.  Perkins 
Coie uses her, as do (it turns out) PGE and ECI.  She also does work for 
Intel.  Here is her information:
Green and Associates
2701 NW Vaughn Street, Suite 450
Portland, OR   97210
(503)224-9601
Hope this is helpful.  Did you get my message about Andy Wu?
I have attached two drafts of the response to the California Power Exchange's 
November 11, 1999. The shorter response is the letter I recommend we send The longer version has a little more substance.  Please give me your input by 
5:00 p.m. Thursday.
I have attached a copy of the letter Greg Whalley sent to George Sladoje.
Looks good. Why does Jim McCartney think so?
When do you want to pay this?
Gail Brownfeld@_DEVELOPMENT
12/13/99 03:45 PM
Richard,
Please let me know what, if anything, I can do to assist you all in 
determining when to make the settlement payment in this matter.  As you know, 
if the payment is made before January, the interest is avoided.  I will keep 
you posted if I receive anything from Clyde & Co.  Otherwise, please call if 
I can do anything further to help out.  Thanks.
GAIL
No,just send the letter.
I am available at 2pm
Richard,
3:00p on Monday will not work for the NSM Meeting.  Will you be available at 
2:00pm on Tuesday?  If so, please let me know and also let me know if you 
want them (Donna Lowry, Jennifer Stevenson, and Jim Brown) to meet in your 
office.
Thanks!
Kaci
I have not heard anything about it since I spoke with you last month. My 
guess is Mark is not focused on this search. Don't do anything. I will keep 
you posted
"Elaine Makris"  	08/01/2000 04:29 PM
Please respond to makris
Hello, Richard.
I hope all is well with you -- and that everyone survived Julie's absence.
Sorry I wasn't able to find any IP candidates before we left for Ireland.
Are you still looking?  If so, any change in your criteria?
.
Elaine Makris
EM Inc. Legal Recruiting
713/807-8500
713/807-8555 (Fax)
makris@emrecruiting.com
I have asked Twanda to set up a conference call.
RTellis@milbank.com on 12/10/99 06:27:15 PM
Richard and Linda:  I attended the Demurrer Hearing/Status Conference in the
Farallon case this morning.  Judge Berle sustained the Demurrers, providing
Plaintiffs with twenty days to file an amended complaint.  Steve and I
believe that this twenty-day period provides us with a critical opportunity
to try and persuade Plaintiffs to drop ECT from the lawsuit.  In order to do
so, however, we need to accelerate our fact gathering so that we can
articulate with precision ECT's role, or lack thereof, in the purchase and
sale of the NSM Notes.  While the Offering Memorandum (p. 179) states
generally what Notes were purportedly purchased by ECT and other "initial
purchasers," we must understand (i) what Notes were sold, (ii) to whom and
(iii) by whom.  This requires a discussion with Travis McCullough and, quite
possibly, Kevin McConville.
Steve and I would like to have a call with you early next week regarding the
foregoing.
Thanks,
Roland Tellis
(213) 892-4573
- att1.htm
I have asked Twanda to set up a call to discuss.
$575k
Yes. We have approx. $110 k sitting with our attorneys in London and we have 
a claim under our charterers insurance policy----which we are pursuing 
aggressively. You  may be able to reserve some amount for this potential 
recovery. 
Felix Buitron
12/15/99 08:45 AM
FYI
Sent by: General Announcement@
In an effort to continuously improve the service we provide to our customers 
we have created one central mail ID for all IT Purchase Requests.  This new 
ID is Enron IT Purchasing.  Please send all future IT Purchasing requests to 
this ID as opposed to sending your requests to one individual in the 
purchasing group.  If you do not use this ID your purchase request may be 
delayed.  Also, please remember that all Technology purchases should go 
through the IT Purchasing department if you intend to use them for business 
purposes.
Thank you for your cooperation in this matter.
,
Bob Hillier
Application Systems  
Helen_Godel@clyde.co.uk on 12/15/99 06:30:56 AM
Gail -
To answer your questions, and being brief in this complicated case, I am
optimistic about the changes of a recovery against charterers' liability
underwriters.
Were we to revive the arbitration and it went to a final hearing on merits, I
rate the chances of success as 60:40 in our favour.  Underwriters have pleaded
the defence of inherent vice in the adjourned arbitration but the burden of
proof is firmly on them.  Further, Minton Treharne & Davies, our experts,
believe that the cargo was borderline on spec. and became off-spec. for
transit-related reasons (which cannot be blamed on the ship).  In our favour, 
we
have the Samarec certificate of quality and one loadport sample ex ship 
showing
the cargo on spec.  Against this is the circumstantial evidence of problems on
other ships and what will be a sustained technical attack on the credibility 
of
the Samarec certificate by a chemistry expert.
My instincts tell me we shall never reach a final hearing.  We will have to
revive the arbitration without doubt, but underwriters in my view have not got
the stomach for a fight.  I think they will try to settle for an agreed 
figure,
and will look to Enron to discount their claim.  We shall claim against them 
on
top of the settlement sum (yet to be paid by you), various costs and
disbursements incurred in defending shipowners' claims.  In my view they were
all reasonably incurred.  Underwriters were given every opportunity to settle
with shipowners but choose to do nothing.  They did not even bother to attend
the mediation.
To answer your queries on fees, the amount we are holding on client account is
approximately USD111,000 (Navigas settlement monies plus refund of arbitration
deposit less paid Clyde & Co. accounts).  Unbilled costs are approximately
o7,000 and unbilled disbursements o25,000.
,
David Best.
__________________________
This e-mail and any files transmitted with it are confidential and intended
solely for the use of the individual or entity to whom they are addressed Any
views or opinions expressed within this e-mail are those of the author and do
not necessarily represent those of Clyde & Co.  If you have received this 
e-mail
in error, please contact Clyde & Co.
Telephone:     +44-171 623 1244
Facsimile:     +44-171 623 5427
email:         postmaster@clyde.co.uk
Internet 
Here is a draft of the letter to Fort James.  Please let me know what you 
think.
Richard Sanders 713 668 1935(home) 713 410 6128(mobile) 713 301 9133(wife's 
mobile)
Put my name in the pool.
Elizabeth Sager
12/16/99 05:50 PM
Richard 
Here is where Genia got on fax room search.  Lets's talk tommorrow about 
where to go from here.
Thanks
Elizabeth,
We have seemed to hit a brick wall in finding out who has monitored the fax 
machine we have discussed on the 31st Floor.  Don Black's assistant, 
Claudette Harvey said no one really collects the faxes and it is used by two 
groups.  Kay Chapman another assistant on the floor said it used to be 
monitored by Hub Gavela (sp?) but he is no longer here.  We called the 
service number on the fax to see if we could get a "poll" report listing all 
the faxes that have come in and found out this particular machine only has 
memory for the last 10 faxes.  I have called Lucent (the telephone people) 
and with approval from my manager they can give me a phone report of all the 
incoming phone numbers to that machine since September 1st.  Please advise.
Thanks,
Genia
This letter could have negative ramifications. However, we should send it if 
El Paso mismeasured the gas. What happened to the conference call?
Britt Davis@
07/31/2000 05:13 PM
PRIVILEGED AND   Charlie and Richard, here is the draft letter to El Paso that I'd like to 
run by you re possible Grynberg II ramifications.  It is not yet final, but 
you get the drift.  By copy of this e-mail, I'm asking that Deborah, my 
secretary, set up a conference room for me, Richard and Lou to meet in 
tomorrow to discuss the letter; I'll patch Charlie in by telephone.
B.K.D.
Please pull a report detailing all incoming faxes received by fax machine 
number 713/646-3483, located between EB 3115 and 3114B from September 1 
through present.  WE NEED THIS REPORT IMMEDIATELY.  Time is of the essence Should you have any questions, please call  me at 35587 or my legal 
specialist, Linda Guinn, at 36104 
Richard Sanders
RC 0630
Co. 413
Have you requested my upgrade?
Felix Buitron
12/15/99 08:45 AM
FYI
Sent by: General Announcement@
In an effort to continuously improve the service we provide to our customers 
we have created one central mail ID for all IT Purchase Requests.  This new 
ID is Enron IT Purchasing.  Please send all future IT Purchasing requests to 
this ID as opposed to sending your requests to one individual in the 
purchasing group.  If you do not use this ID your purchase request may be 
delayed.  Also, please remember that all Technology purchases should go 
through the IT Purchasing department if you intend to use them for business 
purposes.
Thank you for your cooperation in this matter.
,
Bob Hillier
Application Systems  
This request is related to a lawsuit worth hundreds of millions of dollars. 
Is there any way to get this done by Monday?
Charlotte Jones@
12/17/99 11:30 AM
This request has been forwarded to Louis Porter and will be completed by 
Tuesday morning 
Thank you.
Charlotte
Richard B Sanders@ECT
12/17/99 10:16 AM
Please pull a report detailing all incoming faxes received by fax machine 
number 713/646-3483, located between EB 3115 and 3114B from September 1 
through present.  WE NEED THIS REPORT IMMEDIATELY.  Time is of the essence Should you have any questions, please call  me at 35587 or my legal 
specialist, Linda Guinn, at 36104 
Richard Sanders
RC 0630
Co. 413
Thanks
Linda R Guinn
12/20/99 10:05 AM
I submitted this on 12/15.
Linda R Guinn
12/15/99 12:00 PM
Richard Sanders, the litigation manager for ENA legal,  would like to upgrade 
his laptop computer.  RC # is 0630.  Could you please order the latest 
version?  Please also contact me with any questions you have 
Thank you.
Linda Guinn
Please take the precautions you believe are appropriate.
Sent by: Enron Announcements@
Enron's business unit Y2K teams have done an exceptional job preparing for=20
Y2K.  Approximately 3,400 employees and contractors have been involved in=20
assessing more than 75,000 systems, 45,000 embedded systems, and 20,000=20
external entities.  In addition, more than 2,900 employees and contractors=20
will be dedicating some of their time over the millennium weekend to retest=20
systems and to ensure continued operations as part of our contingency=20
planning program. =20
As a final measure, the Corp. Y2K project office recommends that you take the=20
following precautions to protect your desktop computers and PC applications:
Make diskette backups of critical documents and data kept locally on your PC.
Consider making printouts of the following:
Staff listings and contact numbers
Internal and external contact lists
Personal calendar details and =01&to do=018 lists for January
Frequently used standard electronic templates and forms
For important business information such as contracts, processes and=20
procedures, diagrams, and curves, your Y2K teams are making preparations to=20
retain hard copies.  If you are unsure whether this is being done, please=20
contact your local Y2K coordinator.
Ensure adequate supplies of paper, toner, and diskettes are stocked prior to=20
the last week in December.
Unless specifically told otherwise by your local Y2K team, be sure to do the=20
following before leaving the office for the last time in 1999:
Log off. For most users, follow normal procedures and choose "Close all=20
programs and log on as a different user=018 when leaving for the night.  =20
Leave PC turned on.  =20
Following these procedures will allow the network teams to download virus=20
patches to your PCs over the millennium weekend. =20
For many laptop users, or for those in doubt, leave your PCs turned off until=20
you return to work and can log in to the network.  If this is not possible,=20
be sure to follow the backup procedures recommended above.
After December 31, carefully review output from applications (primarily=20
spreadsheets, local database applications, and documents with macros).  We=20
have encountered problems with older applications and macros that use hard=20
coded two digit years.  Be sure to double check output, and question data=20
that does not =01&seem right.=018 =20
To protect against viruses, e-mail with attachments will be quarantined=20
beginning on December 31.  E-mail without attachments will be delivered as=20
usual.  Those with low-risk (non-executable) attachments will be delivered=20
after a brief delay of approximately 15 minutes. Delivery of e-mail with=20
executable attachments (those with the extension ".exe" and possibly ".zip")=20
may be delayed indefinitely. Consistent with normal business practices, avoid=20
downloading anything from the Internet.
We have done a considerable amount of work preparing for Y2K, and we hope you=20
will help minimize any impact the calendar rollover could have on personal=20
computer systems.  Thank you for your assistance.=20
The meeting with Jim Derrick regarding the T.V.A. lawsuit is scheduled for 
10:00 a.m. for Wednesday, December 22nd, in Conference Room 50m.
Paul- please find out  what you can from the DOJ. Thanks.
Paul Yde  (EEE' dee) will call you within the hour.
Charles D. Tetrault
Vinson & Elkins L.L.P.
ctetrault@velaw.com
(202)-639-6551
(202)-639-6604 [fax]
- att1.unk
I have a Norelco razor. Would that help?
I am forwarding a draft of the Amended Complaint in the TVA lawsuit. The 
"control area" causes of action have added to our existing request for 
declaratory relief on the "delivery point" issue. We would like to file this 
next week, so please review this asap. My assistant is putting together a 
conference call for Tues afternoon to discuss.
Elizabeth Sager
12/29/99 11:59 AM
- 1rwh01!.WPD
I will
Dan Lyons
07/31/2000 04:35 PM
Do you want me to run with it or do you want to?
Richard B Sanders
07/31/2000 04:34 PM
LLGM
Dan Lyons
07/31/2000 04:31 PM
They are pursuing the QF case to the Supremes....are we going to recommend 
that Pnderosa Pine retain either LLGM or VE on this? It is primarily a FERC 
issue and I don't know whether you want to go with VE for the litigation 
expertise or LLGM fror the FERC expertise...I expect that we are going to get 
asked about this by our commercial people fairly quickly
fordb@winstim.com
07/31/2000 03:13 PM
Kirsten,
As I mentioned to you this morning by phone, we are advised that Brazos 
Electric
Power Cooperative filed a cert. petition on Friday with respect to the  Fifth
Circuit decision in the QF case.  We will send the papers to you (or to 
whomever
Enron or Ponderosa designates) when they come in.
I believe that someone in our D.C. office has informed the Solicitor General's
office that we no longer represent the partnership.  However, I don't think it
will not be necessary for us to file a withdrawal as counsel for the 
partnership
since the cert petition starts a new proceeding.
,
Bart
______________________________________
This message, together with any attachments, is intended only for the
use of the individual or entity to which it is addressed and may contain
information that is legally privileged, confidential and exempt from
disclosure.  If you are not the intended recipient, you are hereby
notified that any dissemination, distribution, or copying of this
message,or any attachment, is strictly prohibited.  If you have received
this message in error, please notify the original sender (or the WSPR
Help Desk) immediately by telephone (212-858-1000) or by return
E-mail and delete the message, along with any attachments, from
your computer.  Thank you.
Richard B Sanders
12/30/99 09:25 AM
I am forwarding a draft of the Amended Complaint in the TVA lawsuit. The 
"control area" causes of action have added to our existing request for 
declaratory relief on the "delivery point" issue. We would like to file this 
next week, so please review this asap. My assistant is putting together a 
conference call for Tues afternoon to discuss.
Elizabeth Sager
12/29/99 11:59 AM
- 1rwh01!.WPD
Please send me his resume
Attached is the weekly litigation status report.
Attached for your review is a draft letter to David Jermain re Cal PX.
Attached is a revised letter in the above referenced matter.
Is this call going to happen? I am available.-
Who are the new firms and what do you know about them?
I am fine w/ the bill.
Janet H Moore
12/03/99 10:32 AM
Richard:  I'll just assume that you will call John Keller on this one.  Let 
me know if you need my help
I have just learned of another lawsuit involving CGAS.  This had been
handled by Jud Scheaf and had been dormant for a long time, which is why
neither I nor anyone at the company knew about it.
This is somewhat confusing, so let me try to explain.  The style is
Kilbarger Construction vs Eastland Energy Group, et al.  In the Court of
Common Pleas of Muskingum County, Ohio  Case No. CH96-0311.
CGAS had a lease in Muskingum County.  Eastland Energy had a lease on an
adjoining tract.  Eastland approached CGAS about going together to drill a
well on a unit formed by the two leases.  CGAS agreed.  Eastland was
designated operator.  Eastland hired Kilbarger as the drilling contractor.
Kilbarger drilled the well and it was dry.  Eastland thought Kilbarger
negligently drilled the well, so Eastland only paid Kilbarger half the
drilling cost.  Kilbarger filed a mechanics lien and filed suit against
Eastland for the other half of the drilling costs (approximately $30,000)
and also joined CGAS because of the mechanics lien.  Kilbarger was not
seeking any monetary recovery from CGAS, and the lien is meaningless since
CGAS has since released its lease.  Thus, we have no pending claims from
Kilbarger.
However, in the same case Eastland and CGAS have a claim pending.  During
the drilling of the well, some of the contractors would not work for
Eastland since they did not know Eastland - a new, small producer.  Those
contractors therefore did the work on the well for CGAS, billed CGAS, CGAS
paid those contractors, and CGAS then invoiced Eastland.  Eastland did not
pay and therefore CGAS has a claim in this suit against Eastland for
$7,139.69.  No monetary claim has been made by Eastland against CGAS.
I just learned of this case and have taken over this file from Jud Scheaf.
There is a settlement conference scheduled for December 9 and this case is
set for trial on December 16.  I am hopeful this will be resolved before
trial.  If there are questions, please call.
Does this name sound familiar?
Mike Williams at CIG called today to advise that he received an announcement
from Donald L. Flexner, formerly of Crowell & Moring LLP (DC), that (1) Mr.
Flexner has now joined David Boies' firm, and (2) Boies' firm has changed
its name to Boies, Schiller & Flexner LLP.
Mr. Flexner previously rendered anti-trust/other legal services to CIG, and
Mike is exploring whether Flexner's joining Boies' firm creates any basis
for disqualifying Boies, Schiller & Flexner in Quinque.  To this end, Mike
asked that I contact Enron's lawyers to learn whether Flexner has also
represented any Enron entities in the past.
If you know of any representation of Enron entities by Mr. Flexner, please
let either Barrett Reasoner or me know.
Thanks,
Andy Pickens
713/650-8805 
Richard B Sanders
06/26/2000 04:09 PM
Gil Melman@MUNICATIONS
04/27/2000 03:01 PM
Richard--we are so desperate for your expertise in the EBS hinterlands 	Gil Melman
04/12/00 09:42 AM
You will love me after this request 
Richard, we have several form contracts being developed and used in EBS that 
include arbitration provisions.  We thought it might be useful to get your 
thoughts on our current forms to make sure we are consistent with up to date 
arbitration provisions.  Attached are three of our forms for your review Please note that the Professional Services Agreement is a standard consulting 
agreement that we typically use with service providers.  Please call me with 
any questions or comments.
Good job on your conversation. Unless Max wants to pay some nominal amount of 
money to simply get rid of them, I would advise that we do nothing. We could 
write a letter confirming the substance of your conversation and warn them 
not to slander Enron,but I think that might be overkill. 
I forwarded this to Derrick and Haedicke. Why dont you send one out to every 
other GC. Thx.
The interest rate is fine. We do not  agree to "loser pays" attys fees. The 
arbitrator has discretion under AAA rules to award attys fees, so we usually 
leave it open. I would not agree to pay attys fees if someone goes to court 
for some relief outside the arbitration. Please let me know if you have any 
questions
The phone call to Intermesa and Votorantim should emphasize the following 
points:
1. The transaction was never consumated.  We have consistently stated that we 
do not consider the transaction a   "done deal" until final documents are 
executed.
2. We are no longer willing to consider the proposed transaction.  The reason 
is simple:  the market has moved and they failed to act quickly.
3. All markets,pet coke markets in particular, are time sensitive.  Because 
Votorantim has delayed in the execution of final   documents, it accepted the 
risk that, over time, market prices would change and Enron would no longer be 
willing to sign a deal.
4. Again, we never had a final, enforceable deal. Their only claim is that we 
misrepresented to them our willingness to do the deal and therefor they 
didn't pursue negotiations with a third party. Our response is: we never made 
any misrepresetation and it is not reasonable to  rely on our negotiations as 
a basis to forego discussions with third parties when Enron never sent them a 
binding offer.
Richard, I have attached a draft petition in the Calpine matter for your
review. Our preliminary assessment is that the probability of a successful
outcome is low. I am doing further research and will call you tomorrow to
discuss this matter. Thanks. Laura
- calpine orig pet.wpd
fyi
Susan J Mara@EES
01/07/2000 05:50 PM
As requested by Joe Hartsoe, I put in a call to John Flory yesterday.
John called me back today.  He said the view in the PX is that Enron is 
stalling.  I gave him the other side of the story.  He thinks nothing will be 
done until the next Market Monitoring COm meeting later this month (the PX 
web site does not list the date),  He says the matter will likely be 
discussed in Executive Session.  He also believes that the PX wants to meet 
with Enron and isn't likely to do anything publicly until after that meeting.
Unfortunately, from talking to John, the perception at the PX appears to be 
that this matter should be handled like the Chicago Board of Trade where they 
monthly release a list of offenders and what they have done, and nobody 
thinks much about it.  It's routine.  That's the wat they want these to be in 
the future, but they realize that this one -- the first -- will seem much 
bigger than that because it is first.
He said we got stuck because we did something significant and they really 
didn't have any process set up to handle these things.  He said the 
compliance staff has only gotten some real analytical skills as of Nov 
(although he mentioned outside consultants looked at our case).  We also 
aren't being picked on.  Other people are being investigated, but we're 
coming through first.  I asked about utility pressure.  He said he has been 
asked about the investigation by utility people, but doesn't believe it has 
caused any undue pressure on the PX.  He said, if they were being pressured, 
the investigation would have been completed by now.
He said that they don't want to give the matter any more significance than it 
has, but they can't ignore it.  A 3000MW schedule over a 30 MW line just 
can't be ignored, he said.
I didn't ask him for a heads' up on the public release of the letter, but I 
feel I can call him for updates at any time.
I would like to cancel,as long as my RC is not charged. Unless I hear 
otherwise, I will asume this is ok.
yes, I will attend.
Attached is the letter to TVA.
Can you get w/ Staci and take care of this request?
Becky just faxed Larry McBride's December 13 letter to Barrett and me
regarding Blue Dolphin's demands concerning the defense of Black Marlin in
the Quinque litigation.
We assume that no response has been sent to McBride or to Blue Dolphin and
that you want our advice or help in drafting a response.  If so, would you
please send us copies of the applicable documents, which we assume would
include the September 28, 1998 Purchase and Sale Agreement referenced in
McBride's letter.  Thanks.
Charles D. Tetrault
Vinson & Elkins L.L.P.
ctetrault@velaw.com
(202)-639-6551
(202)-639-6604 [fax]
- att1.unk
I am sorry that it took so long to get back to you.  My paralegal, Linda 
Guinn, is the best person to answer these issues. Her ext is 36104. By the 
way, we are not revising our policies.
Richard B Sanders
07/07/2000 11:41 AM
Marianne Castano@EES
05/05/2000 05:46 PM
Richard:  We have learned from Bob Williams that you are in the process of 
updating ENA's document retention policy.  What will the policy be with 
regard to retaining drafts of agreements after a particular transaction has 
closed?  It is our understanding that ENA's current policy is to discard all 
drafts post-closing.   We are in the process of formalizing our own document 
retention policy, and want to ensure that our practices line up with ENA's Please advise.  Marianne (EES Legal) 
The requirement that all three arbitrators have 10 years of experience in 
unrealistic. We will be hard pressed to find one. Most arbitrators are 
lawyers.
With respect to the second change, it is not a change we should make. This  
changes the arbitration from a party designate arbitration where one of the 
arbitrators is our advocate, to a totally nuetral panel.
I think we have compiled all the information you requested. Sorry for the 
delay. Please call Linda Guinn at  ext.36104
FYI
Dwight Beach
01/06/2000 08:12 PM
As best as I can recall here was the discussion I had with Michel Abitbol 
earlier today.
FYI
Richard B Sanders
01/11/2000 10:44 AM
FYI
Dwight Beach
01/06/2000 08:12 PM
As best as I can recall here was the discussion I had with Michel Abitbol 
earlier today.
FYI
Richard B Sanders
01/11/2000 10:44 AM
FYI
Dwight Beach
01/06/2000 08:12 PM
As best as I can recall here was the discussion I had with Michel Abitbol 
earlier today.
I just wanted to remind everyone involved with the TVA litigation (and 
potential litigation) to be mindful of the possibility that some of our 
internal communications in the next several weeks may be the subject of TVA 
discovery requests in the coming months. Please do not generate any notes or 
e-mails without talking to me first. When scheduling meetings regarding 
strategy, please include an attorney so that we can protect the 
communications through the attorney-client privilege. If you have any 
questions about this procedure, do not hesitate to call me at ext. 35587
I have attached a copy of the draft response to John Pope's December 13th 
letter to Dick Ingersoll.  Please call me with your comments.  We need to 
send this letter by Friday.
After reviewing the petition, I think this belongs to EES.
Richard B Sanders
01/11/2000 04:51 PM
Does this sound familiar?
Becky Stephens@ on 01/11/2000 04:33:02 PM
The following documents, received today, have been forwarded for your 
immediate review and consideration:
PLEASE ADVISE IF NOT RECEIVED WITHIN 1 BUSINESS DAY.
Thank you, Becky Stephens
I'm ok 
Richard B Sanders
08/05/2000 03:48 PM
I am sorry that it took so long to get back to you.  My paralegal, Linda 
Guinn, is the best person to answer these issues. Her ext is 36104. By the 
way, we are not revising our policies.
Richard B Sanders
07/07/2000 11:41 AM
Marianne Castano@EES
05/05/2000 05:46 PM
Richard:  We have learned from Bob Williams that you are in the process of 
updating ENA's document retention policy.  What will the policy be with 
regard to retaining drafts of agreements after a particular transaction has 
closed?  It is our understanding that ENA's current policy is to discard all 
drafts post-closing.   We are in the process of formalizing our own document 
retention policy, and want to ensure that our practices line up with ENA's Please advise.  Marianne (EES Legal) 
The plans are up in the air. The first weekend that we are all free is the 
weekend of Feb 26.(if you can't make it that weekend, let me know.) If all 
three of us come, there is probably 4-6 hours of work. I would propose that 
we bring Ben,James and Ryan only. I will arrive Fri night and leave Sun 
morning. Let me know what you think.
John Sanders MD  Doug and Richard,
Is the Perd going to be all work and no play? I'm trying to decide if I'm
going to take Ryan with me. We could leave around 4 PM on Friday. I could
leave much sooner, if I weren't taking him with me (school and all). I
don't think he'll be
much help to what we're doing, but he'd probably have more fun than if he
he
were to stay at home.
So, when do you guys think you'll get there? How long do you think you'll
stay? Are any of your kids going?
John
I can't tell what changes he made. Can you?
Richard Ingersoll
01/13/2000 09:23 AM
Comments atta.ched
Richard B Sanders
01/12/2000 10:57 AM
Sent by: Twanda Sweet
I have attached a copy of the draft response to John Pope's December 13th 
letter to Dick Ingersoll.  Please call me with your comments.  We need to 
send this letter by Friday.
Both Sheila Tweed and I have concluded that Kristopher Wahlers is not a good 
fit for our position. Do you have any other prospects?
Attached is a new draft of the letter to John Pope with all comments 
any other additions, please get them to me today.
Britt was going to check with all the Enron GC's. I assume he got no response.
I spoke with Becky Noecker re Great Lakes. It is primarily a Canadian
pipeline transporting Canadian gas to the US. It transports a little
Michigan production but not from federal leases and it does not measure that
gas for royalty purposes. Great Lakes raised this informaly with Figa and
his response was to list many things Great Lakes would have to prove in
order for Grynberg to dismiss. Great Lakes then sent a notice letter for
Rule 11 purposes and Figa dismissed rather than allowing the Rule 11 motion
to be filed.  Becky also asked me what we'd found out about whether Boies
new partner has done any Enron work. Any news on that front?
Your observations on how to fix the problem are right on the money. The other 
thing we should have done is confirm that the broker confirm links the two 
transactions as well.
Have you received all the information you need?
RTellis@milbank.com on 12/20/99 02:23:11 PM
Just a reminder -- As discussed during our conference call this past Friday,
we are hoping to receive from you a chart or other documentation reflecting
what ECT did with the "B" NSM Notes that were purchased.  Thanks.
- att1.htm
Send it to everyone you believe should get it. Unless I hear otherwise from 
you, I will assume you are going to send the letter with attachments today
I have pushed this meeting until Feb. We need to meet w/:Mcconville(2 hours 
after Barth),Barth( first meeting in the morning), and Travis.Please set up 
asap.
RTellis@milbank.com on 01/13/2000 06:42:16 PM
Richard, Steve and I are available for a meeting in Houston on the following
dates:  2/2, 2/4, 2/7, 2/10 and 2/11.  Please let me know which date works
best for all of you.
Thanks.
- att1.htm
Please try to track this down.
RTellis@milbank.com on 01/13/2000 04:42:12 PM
Richard, we have located charts prepared by someone at ECT indicating that
ECT held on to 11,750 units of the "B" NSM notes.  The Offering Memorandum
indicates that ECT was to purchase 12,210 units of the B notes.  Thus, it
appears that some 500 units were "sold." We would like to discuss the charts
with Travis or Kevin (during the visit to Houston - if not before).
Thanks.
Have you received all the information you need?
RTellis@milbank.com on 12/20/99 02:23:11 PM
Just a reminder -- As discussed during our conference call this past Friday,
we are hoping to receive from you a chart or other documentation reflecting
what ECT did with the "B" NSM Notes that were purchased.  Thanks.
- att1.htm
Bonnie White is handling Dodson case and will respond
Lisa Mellencamp
08/07/2000 09:27 AM
i have received above in connection with s4 going out shortly. please advise 
if you know of any disclosure items for the letter. richard, i need blurb re 
the dodson case (is this still pending?) and i will disclose the infinium 
case. thanks.
Lisa J. Mellencamp
fyi
Nadja De Klerk
01/17/2000 12:27 PM
I am assuming this meeting is canceled.
Carrie Isaacks@
01/20/2000 04:47 PM
This will confirm your attendance to the Project Sally litigation meeting, 
Friday Jan. 21st. at 1:30-2:30pm, location EB3321. Please call Carrie x58431 
if you have any questions.
Bill is a great guy but I have no interest in a presentation.
Sorry,but we have no interest.
ENA is prepared to file a lawsuit against Calpine Corp. relating to a trading 
dispute.   Please let me know by the end of today if you have any objections 
to the lawsuit or know of any potential counterclaims.
Attached is the weekly report regarding ECT Litigation.
I have no changes to the description
What time is the party?
Whalley's asst tells me the meeting at the Px is at 9 am. I have left Greg a 
voicemail indicating that the three of us should talk today about strategy. 
I have a schedule for Ms. Scott.
April 14, 2000
9:00-9:30 Lance Schuler
9:30-10:00 Sheila Tweed
10:00-10:45 Mark Haedicke
10:50-11:10 Richard Sanders
11:10-11:30 Lisa Mellencamp
11:30-12:00 Julia Murray
Please call me to confirm that this date is still available.
Thanks 
Twanda
713-853-9402
yes
Britt Davis@
08/07/2000 06:33 PM
I am awaiting authority for you to go forward with Steve Jones of APC 
Consultants as our chemist in this matter.  I hope to get it for you tomorrow 
morning (Houston time).  I will call you as soon as I get it.
Britt 
Yes to arbitration. No to waiver of jury trials,unless the counterparty is in 
the Rio Grande Valley or some other bad venue.
Dan Lyons
01/19/2000 09:40 AM
What is the current scorecard on thee matters....Last time I heard it was yes 
on arbitration and no on waivers of jury trials..Is that still the paradigm?
Are we arbitration or litigation friendly now?  If litigation, are we juries 
or no juries?  Information for an Enron deal.
I f you haven't already done so, please review the attachments. Don't provide 
any feedback in writing or e-mails,simply talk to them on an unrecorded line. 
Karen Denne@
01/12/2000 09:18 AM
Richard -- Thanks for your phonemail yesterday.  This is the email and 
attachments I sent out yesterday 
Thanks!
karen
Karen Denne
01/11/2000 04:21 PM
Shelly Mansfield has drafted the attached Q&A and timeline in anticipation of 
our lawsuit against TVA regarding our control area.  Please review these 
materials and let me know if this is the approach we want to take if and when 
we receive inquiries.  Also attached is a standby statement if we receive 
inquiries about EPMI's letter to TVA about the MOPA.   We will probably want 
to revise this statement if the situation escalates 
Thank you.
Karen 
x39757
We need to meet with, in this order, Brian Barth,Travis McCoullough,Kevin 
McConville and John Hopley. Lisa Mellencamp may also want to attend the 
meetings with the attorneys from Millbank.
RTellis@milbank.com on 01/18/2000 12:06:23 PM
Richard, contrary to my previous e-mail, Steve is no longer available for a
2/4 meeting in Houston.  The available dates are now:  2/2, 2/7, 210 2/11.
Please let me know what date works for you.
Thanks.
- att1.htm
Does anyone know this guy and should we interview him?
Julia Murray
01/21/2000 06:10 PM
Please let me know what you think.   Julia
Ann Ballard@
01/21/2000 10:55 AM
Here's a copy of Bruce's resume.  If you see that he has some skills that ENA 
legal would be interested in, I would be happy to introduce him to you.
Ann:
I've attached my resume as requested.  Many thanks for all your help!
Bruce
- Resume.Enron.doc
fyi
Richard--
We have agreed to depose Ron Natole on Feb. 18 at 10 a.m., at his lawyer's 
office.  I will copy you on the amended notice we are sending out today.
We have not rescinded our depo notices for the 2 Korean gentlemen, but have 
agreed to reset the dates.  I expect Plaintiff's counsel will de-designate 
these men rather than bring them here for their depos.  The only other notice 
we sent out last week was for the designated expert from the Wood Group Robert Harrison.  I will attempt to obtain available dates directly from him.
With respect to the depos of Enron personnel, please check with Mike Miller 
and Bob Virgo regarding their availability during the 2 weeks we discussed Feb. 21 and Feb. 28 -- March 3.  Of course, we will also need a block of time 
in advance of the depos to prepare with the witnesses.  Bill has a trial 
setting the 2nd week (Feb. 28), which may be postponed in the near future If it is not, I can present them for their depos.  Plaintiff's counsel has 
not mentioned any other Enron personnel by name, but has generally requested 
dates for anyone else we may be presenting at trial as a fact witness or 
corporate rep.
The only other name that I recall having potentially significant involvement 
was Dave Marshall, an ECT risk management guy who appears to have had some 
discussions with IBC's Ron Anderson about Enron's requirements with respect 
to repaired/refurbished parts.  Bill believes there may be other Enron 
witnesses, and that Miller and Virgo will know who they are.
We are also working up a list of proposed mediators -- preferably with strong 
commercial litigation experience.  Gary McGowan currently heads the list, but 
I would appreciate any thoughts or suggestions you may have.
Lastly, I agree with your suggestion regarding our question as to why the 
Wood Group (Robert Harrision) has appeared on Plaintiff's expert list.  It 
would certainly be helpful to have Miller's thoughts on that subject.
--Grant Dorfman
- att1.htm
Let me know what you think--obviously we need to decide quickly.
Lindagreen@aol.com on 01/18/2000 01:22:47 PM
Richard:  Here for your review is the resume of Woody Waters, employed as an
in-house attorney at Texaco in its Burbank, CA offices.  He has been with
Texaco, first in Houston and now in Burbank, since he earned his joint law
degree and MBA in 1990.
Within Texaco, he is a transactional attorney and has two specialties:
First, he supports Texaco Global Gas and Power in all aspects of project
development and finance, in its efforts to develop cogeneration power plants
in domestic and international locations.  Secondly, he has provided legal
counsel to the Texaco Marketing Department with a focus on franchising and
marketing/distribution as well other transactional matters and contracts,
including licensing, trademarks and antitrust matters.
Woody is not from the Portland area nor does he have family here, but he has
travelled here extensively and would like to relocate to Portland.
From a timing aspect, Woody has another in-house offer from a bay area
employer with a two-week time table in which to reply.  He has expressed high
interest in an Enron opportunity and would be pleased to discuss his
background more in detail in a telephone pre-screening interview.  If you
would like to do that, let me know and I will set it up.
, Linda Green Pierce
Northwest Legal Search, Inc.
- WatersW Resume.doc
fyi
Christian Yoder
01/25/2000 11:38 AM
Richard,
I do not know this person personally, but I know very well the corporate 
culture  and the law firm culture from which he comes.  He has worked for 
TransCanada and the law firm of Walsh Young.    You probably need to discount 
the probative value of my comment as being too vague and subjective,  but all 
things considered, I would give a thumbs down to this guy, and suggest that 
we try to get someone from one of the firms up there.    Please call if you 
are interested in general background comments. ----cgy
skusin@susmangodfrey.com on 01/25/2000 11:58:52 AM
Attached is a letter to you containing the draft insert to the mediation
statement I sent you last week.  Please contact me if you have any questions. 
- DOC1.WPD
Please drop me a voicemail or an e -mail when you have the time. I am out of 
town starting today. Also-- I circulated the resumes of the two Canadian 
attys you sent to me last week. If you have any more comments about 
them,leave that in the voicemail and I will forward it to Shelia and Julia.
I don't know this guy, but it seems he has experience in Calgary in private 
practice and in-house at TCPL and its affiliate ANG and I could pass along my 
thoughts on that experience if you would like.
Peter.
Richard--
We have agreed to depose Ron Natole on Feb. 18 at 10 a.m., at his lawyer's 
office.  I will copy you on the amended notice we are sending out today.
We have not rescinded our depo notices for the 2 Korean gentlemen, but have 
agreed to reset the dates.  I expect Plaintiff's counsel will de-designate 
these men rather than bring them here for their depos.  The only other notice 
we sent out last week was for the designated expert from the Wood Group Robert Harrison.  I will attempt to obtain available dates directly from him.
With respect to the depos of Enron personnel, please check with Mike Miller 
and Bob Virgo regarding their availability during the 2 weeks we discussed Feb. 21 and Feb. 28 -- March 3.  Of course, we will also need a block of time 
in advance of the depos to prepare with the witnesses.  Bill has a trial 
setting the 2nd week (Feb. 28), which may be postponed in the near future If it is not, I can present them for their depos.  Plaintiff's counsel has 
not mentioned any other Enron personnel by name, but has generally requested 
dates for anyone else we may be presenting at trial as a fact witness or 
corporate rep.
The only other name that I recall having potentially significant involvement 
was Dave Marshall, an ECT risk management guy who appears to have had some 
discussions with IBC's Ron Anderson about Enron's requirements with respect 
to repaired/refurbished parts.  Bill believes there may be other Enron 
witnesses, and that Miller and Virgo will know who they are.
We are also working up a list of proposed mediators -- preferably with strong 
commercial litigation experience.  Gary McGowan currently heads the list, but 
I would appreciate any thoughts or suggestions you may have.
Lastly, I agree with your suggestion regarding our question as to why the 
Wood Group (Robert Harrision) has appeared on Plaintiff's expert list.  It 
would certainly be helpful to have Miller's thoughts on that subject.
--Grant Dorfman
- att1.htm
What is the last day for Deen to ask for a jury?
"Bill W. Ogden"  	08/08/2000 10:43 AM
Please respond to bogden
?
Judge Christopher's coordinator confirms we are on the  non-jury 
docket.?Docket positions will not be given out until the Friday  before trial 
-- Sept. 1 
What is the status of my upgrade request that was made 5 weeks ago?
Linda R Guinn
01/26/2000 07:21 AM
As requested.
Linda R Guinn
12/20/99 10:05 AM
I submitted this on 12/15.
Linda R Guinn
12/15/99 12:00 PM
Richard Sanders, the litigation manager for ENA legal,  would like to upgrade 
his laptop computer.  RC # is 0630.  Could you please order the latest 
version?  Please also contact me with any questions you have 
Thank you.
Linda Guinn
I have attached a redraft of the Settlement Agreement with Teldata.  Please 
let me know if you have any changes.
Thanks for yor message. On another front, I will be in London next week and I 
would like to meet with the attorneys who will be pursuing the Pacific Valour 
claim. Did we ever decide on counsel?
I dont care
I have asked Bruce Oakley for a status report. I'll let you know when I hear 
from Bruce. 
I am in London this week and will be meeting with David Best on Thurs to 
discuss. Thanks for your inquiry. I'll let you know after the meeting.
Gail Brownfeld@_DEVELOPMENT
01/30/2000 10:45 AM
Richard,
Did your office get everything it needed from David Best to do the wire 
transfer of the settlement funds?  Is there anything you need us to do on the 
remaining bit of the claim against the  underwriters?  I believe you all have 
retrieved the whole file; however, let me know if there is anything we can do 
to help.  I will be in the UK during the week of February 14 if there is 
something I can do  while I'm there, let me know.  Thanks.
GAIL
Actually, my instructions from Nowlan are to pursue our claim against MTM. I 
am in London this week and I will try to meet with our London counsel to 
start the process.
Matthias Lee
01/30/2000 08:42 PM
Stuart / John
I have not heard from you on the matter for some time and didn't get a 
response to my e-mail to you some months ago (16 Nov 99).
I note that we have since resumed trading with Hyundai (albeit with Hyundai 
Corporation and not Hyundai Singapore Pte Ltd which was the counterparty in 
the Pacific Valour case). I also understand that Enron Clean Fuels Company 
has chartered a vessel from Chembuk Trading which our broker advised to be an 
affiliate of MTM Ship Management (the bareboat charterers of the Pacific 
Valour and the likely respondents in an arbitration).
I presume the decision is therefore not to take the matter to arbitration and 
would like to close my file on the matter. However, if my understanding is 
incorrect, please let me have your instructions.
Many thanks and  
Matt
By copy of this e-mail, I have asked Linda Guinn to pull the Tapes before 
they are deleted. Can you work with Linda and Ed to pinpoint the tapes we 
need to pull. Linda's direct no. is 713-853-6104.
Richard, did you ever have a chance to pull the July, Aug. phone tapes for
Ed Baughman? While we are waiting on service on Calpine I would like to go
ahead and review them if possible.
Do you have lunch plans today? If not, do you want to meet at the new Post
Oak Grill (under Reliant's building) for a quick bite to eat?  Let me know.
Laura
Please send me a copy of the e-mail along with Kevin's response.
RTellis@milbank.com on 01/26/2000 02:33:36 PM
Linda, I am faxing you a copy of an e-mail I recently reviewed from Brian
Barth to Lisa Mellencamp dated 8/20/99.  In the e-mail, Brian writes that he
is providing Lisa with comments "intended to supplement Kevin McConville's
memo dated August 19, 1999 regarding the NSM lawsuit."  The documents you
sent me do not include any memo from Kevin McConville dated Aug. 19, 1999.
Can you please check with Kevin regarding this memo and (if you are able to
get a copy) please fax it to me.
Thanks.
- att1.htm
yes
Andrew Kelemen
08/09/2000 09:33 AM
Richard,
Have you received the check from Teldata?  I have our signed version of the 
settlement agreement dated 4/5 but I haven't received their executed copy.
Thanks,
Andy
Michael S Galvan
08/07/2000 07:00 AM
Andy,
How are things ?  Have you heard anything on the cash we're due from 
Teldata Thanks,
Mike
Michael S Galvan
05/11/2000 06:54 AM
Hi Andy,
Just checking on the status of the amount we're going to collect from 
Teldata.  Is it still around $450k?
Thanks,
Mike
Bruce Oakley has informed me that we will be filing a motion to compel 
arbitration, which should stay Sitler's ability to take any depositions. 
Either Bruce or I will let you know if it looks like the depositions will 
proceed.
Patrick Johnson
01/26/2000 11:27 AM
FYI
Marilyn Ennis  Tom Campbell, the attorney in Licking County that filed our answer for the
Sitler complaint, called me to advise that Sitler's atty has requested a
deposition with Ken, myself, and Jud Byrd - one per week, beginning in
February.  I spoke with John Keller this morning, who is aware of this, and
has advised Bruce Oakley in Houston.
John told me to go ahead and give Tom some dates, and be cooperative, even
though it may not go forward.  I told John I would let you know what was
going on.  Call if you have any questions.
In theory, there may be some jurisdictions that do not allow tapes to be 
admissable because of issues other than relevance--such as authenticity. It 
is hard to know the Evidence Rules of every jurisdiction. I would suggest the 
following language:
The parties to this Agreement agree that any such recording are admissable in 
any legal proceeding for any matters relevant to the Agreement, except for 
those recordings that violate the Parole Evidence Rule of the applicable 
jurisdiction.
Is this case still active? If so,what is the status?
Richard B Sanders
01/06/2000 04:19 PM
Janet H Moore
12/03/99 10:32 AM
Richard:  I'll just assume that you will call John Keller on this one.  Let 
me know if you need my help
I have just learned of another lawsuit involving CGAS.  This had been
handled by Jud Scheaf and had been dormant for a long time, which is why
neither I nor anyone at the company knew about it.
This is somewhat confusing, so let me try to explain.  The style is
Kilbarger Construction vs Eastland Energy Group, et al.  In the Court of
Common Pleas of Muskingum County, Ohio  Case No. CH96-0311.
CGAS had a lease in Muskingum County.  Eastland Energy had a lease on an
adjoining tract.  Eastland approached CGAS about going together to drill a
well on a unit formed by the two leases.  CGAS agreed.  Eastland was
designated operator.  Eastland hired Kilbarger as the drilling contractor.
Kilbarger drilled the well and it was dry.  Eastland thought Kilbarger
negligently drilled the well, so Eastland only paid Kilbarger half the
drilling cost.  Kilbarger filed a mechanics lien and filed suit against
Eastland for the other half of the drilling costs (approximately $30,000)
and also joined CGAS because of the mechanics lien.  Kilbarger was not
seeking any monetary recovery from CGAS, and the lien is meaningless since
CGAS has since released its lease.  Thus, we have no pending claims from
Kilbarger.
However, in the same case Eastland and CGAS have a claim pending.  During
the drilling of the well, some of the contractors would not work for
Eastland since they did not know Eastland - a new, small producer.  Those
contractors therefore did the work on the well for CGAS, billed CGAS, CGAS
paid those contractors, and CGAS then invoiced Eastland.  Eastland did not
pay and therefore CGAS has a claim in this suit against Eastland for
$7,139.69.  No monetary claim has been made by Eastland against CGAS.
I just learned of this case and have taken over this file from Jud Scheaf.
There is a settlement conference scheduled for December 9 and this case is
set for trial on December 16.  I am hopeful this will be resolved before
trial.  If there are questions, please call.
Please print out this memo with attachments and place it in the Calpine 
lawsuit file
Confidential.  Privileged.  Attorney Client Work Product.
Laura:
As discussed, attached are materials gathered in-house as to ERCOT Summer 
1999 price movements, consisting of (i) a chart of high and low ERCOT B 
product prices for each trading day of the summer, as published in MegaWatt 
Daily, and (ii) articles from the Megawatt Daily indicating unusual price 
movements in the same period.  Our "InfoCentral" employee has indicated as to 
the latter that articles published on August 2, 3, 16, 17 and 19, 1999 made 
reference to "next summer", and may thus on their face be indicative of 
altered forward price curves.  Please contact me with any questions or 
comments.
David 
Javier
As you know, several weeks ago we retained an attorney out of Wahington DC to 
assist us with the EPA permitting issues. The need for counsel was put on 
hold when we decided to move the plant. Is ther anything more we need to do 
to follow up on this matter?
Did we ever hear anything more from Mark Woolfolk? He was the attorney from 
Akin Gump in Houston who interviewed last month. All of the comments I 
recieved were very positive. The last I heard, you were talking to him about 
salary, but you were concerned that he was too far above our compensation 
level. Please let me know what I should do to follow up.
Attached is a letter re the above referenced.
Actually, when I say "retained " counsel, I mean we identified the best 
lawyer available and asked him to clear any conflicts. We don't need to do 
anything else.
Actually, I have a memo that will be finalized today.
John Enerson
01/31/2000 06:13 PM
Could you update me on the status of Ice Drilling and the litigation on the 
Noram rig.  Thanks.  You can leave me a voice mail.
I have attached final drafts of the Bonneville and Enestar response letters. 
Please review and revise the Bonneville letter and send it out. Let me know 
if you have any comments to the Enestar letter and I will send.
Twanda Sweet
01/31/2000 06:11 PM
The check made it to us this time. My paralegal,Linda Guinn, is tracking down 
where it went. I am certain the $ was deposited. 
Looks good. Please send.
Twanda Sweet
01/31/2000 03:13 PM
I'm working on the other stuff you gave me.  I will send later.  Also you 
asked me to Fedex some things to you for tomorrow morning, it takes two days 
for fedex to London, so it will be Wednesday before you get it.  I will send 
it to the London office.
Please send the Agency letter to Louise Kitchen and Mark Taylor asking for 
comments. Also-- change the reference to "earlier this week" to last week. 
Get the address from Mark before you send.
On the Hopley memo:
1. Add John Enerson to the list of recipients
2. Place the subsection titled "Suits against...." with the same offset
3. In the 5th line of the first paragraph w/o a heading change "that" to 
"than"
4. The first sentence of the Noram description is off 
center---specifically"its"
5. Take out the blank in the Noram description
6. Judge Kent not Judge Ken
7.Take out Midwest Gas Storage heading
Make these changes and send
Twanda Sweet
01/31/2000 03:13 PM
I'm working on the other stuff you gave me.  I will send later.  Also you 
asked me to Fedex some things to you for tomorrow morning, it takes two days 
for fedex to London, so it will be Wednesday before you get it.  I will send 
it to the London office.
I am in London this week. Can you take a look at this and let me know what it 
is and what we should do. Thanks
Becky Stephens@ on 02/01/2000 10:29:51 AM
The following documents, received today, have been forwarded for your 
immediate review and consideration:
K & N Perforators, Inc. v. P H Exploration, Inc., and Houston Pipe Line 
Company, Garnishee; No. 210318, In the County Court at Law No. Two, Victoria 
County, Texas.  WRIT OF GARNISHMENT, FIRST AMENDED APPLICATION FOR WRIT OF 
GARNISHMENT AFTER JUDGMENT AND AFFIDAVIT FOR WRIT OF GARNISHMENT AFTER 
JUDGMENT to Houston Pipe Line Company by process server on 1/31/00
PLEASE ADVISE IF NOT RECEIVED WITHIN 1 BUSINESS DAY.
Thank you, Becky Stephens
The California Power Exchange (PX) is likely to issue a letter to its market 
participants indicating that Enron has broken the PX's rules by purposefully 
overscheduling an intertie causing congestion and a market price increase The attached FERC complaint opposing PX action is probably not in final form 
yet, but I wanted to get you in the loop because it may be filed with FERC as 
soon as tomorrow.   The complaint explains that the PX tariff contains no 
prohibition against overscheduling and the California Independent System 
Operator, not the PX, schedules congestion over interties.  Further, under 
FERC precedent, without prior FERC review, the Cal PX should not be issuing 
letters finding violations.  Finally, the PX's analysis is seriously flawed 
because it doesn't consider market rules that actually caused the congestion 
and any potentially related price increase 
We are very concerned about the PX's actions because we believe California 
utilities may be awaiting this letter to sue EPMI  (estimated claims ranging 
between $6 million and $47 million).  We probably want to aggressively 
publicise the filing so our side of the story comes out instead of the PX's We have a meeting scheduled tomorrow with the PX where they will likely tell 
us if they will be issuing the letter.  Call me if you have any questions: 
(503) 464-8862.
Mary, Please distribute as appropriate.  Ron
- 0119605.01
I am in London this week for a series of meetings and an appeal to the House 
of Lords of the lawsuit that I was over here for in July(we won $130 USD) 
What a dreary place in the winter. I dont have much to report. I have been 
traveling a bunch--- in the last 10 days, I have been to Portland, Calgary, 
LA, St. Louis, and now London. Julie has held her tongue because of her 
impending 8 weeks in Austin this summer. The kids are great. Lots of sibling 
rivalries going
I have been biking with Garribaldi and Worscheh in preparation for our 
participation in the Houston to Austin bike tour. Garribaldi has a new job 
with a couple of big projects in the pipeline. Worscheh finally got his 
financing on his project so he is pretty chipper these days. They are 
pregnant again and out of space in their house. Missy Medary is running for 
District Court Judge in Corpus Christi. She is running as a Republican in a 
Democratic stronghold and her last name is not Perez or Medarcia so her 
chances are slim. She is hoping for a George W. Bush coattail effect. Tom was 
not all that keen on the idea the last time I talked to him. Don't quote me 
on this but I think he is worried that she is a status seeker and that she 
will have way too much of what she wants if she is elected( Judges tend to 
have a lot of people kissing their ass) Rob and Amy are just holding on with 
their 4 kids. I think Rob's job is going well: they made one large aquisition 
at the bottom of the market and commodity prices have doubled. I haven't seen 
anyone else,although I did talk to John Scott the other day. He works for a 
firm in Dallas that does alot of Enron's work. I laughed at him when he told 
me he is trying to get his kids into Country Day. He was always calling it 
Country Gay. Tell Kinga I said hi if you are still...er...dating?
PLEASE SIGN MY NAME AND SEND
Richard:  I have reviewed your draft response letter to Enerstar and have 
discussed it with Max.  Attached please find a black-lined version of the 
letter reflecting the few minor changes we suggest.  If the revised letter is 
acceptable to you, please send it to Enerstar as soon as possible.
Please call with questions or comments.
I  will be happy to do it this way. By the way, if you are sending a copy to 
Bill McCartney at V&E, you should know that I am also sending him a copy. 
Stephanie Harris @ ENRON
02/02/2000 10:06 AM
Richard, in the future, could you please have your Assistant forward the 
reports to me.  Previously, Mr. Derrick did not have e-mail and his mail was 
diverted to me automatically by the system.  Now, it does go to him and I 
have to go in and send it back to me.  Mr. Derrick reads the reports after I 
take care of the administration of them which involves copying, filing and 
forwarding on to Vinson & Elkins.  This is the procedure he has set for me 
I don't mean to complicate your life further, but would really appreciate it 
if you could do this 
Thanks so much,
Steph 
Stephanie Harris
02/01/2000 07:55 PM
Richard B Sanders@ECT
02/01/2000 03:02 PM
Sent by: Twanda Sweet@ECT
Attached is the weekly ENA Litigation Status Report.
fyi
Richard B Sanders
02/02/2000 10:45 AM
I  will be happy to do it this way. By the way, if you are sending a copy to 
Bill McCartney at V&E, you should know that I am also sending him a copy. 
Stephanie Harris @ ENRON
02/02/2000 10:06 AM
Richard, in the future, could you please have your Assistant forward the 
reports to me.  Previously, Mr. Derrick did not have e-mail and his mail was 
diverted to me automatically by the system.  Now, it does go to him and I 
have to go in and send it back to me.  Mr. Derrick reads the reports after I 
take care of the administration of them which involves copying, filing and 
forwarding on to Vinson & Elkins.  This is the procedure he has set for me 
I don't mean to complicate your life further, but would really appreciate it 
if you could do this 
Thanks so much,
Steph 
Stephanie Harris
02/01/2000 07:55 PM
Richard B Sanders@ECT
02/01/2000 03:02 PM
Sent by: Twanda Sweet@ECT
Attached is the weekly ENA Litigation Status Report.
This rider looks good.
Greg Johnston
08/10/2000 04:57 PM
Richard, further to our previous discussions on how we should address Enron 
Canada Corp. in the ENA tape retention policy, I have prepared the attached 
rider which could be inserted as a separate heading for Enron Canada into the 
schedule identifying who has authority to access and approve the listening to 
of tapes.  Subject to any comments you might have, I think it works and 
properly identifies the parties Rob Milnthorp wants to have such authority 
here.
I would think that Lavo is now the other person besides yourself that needs 
to approve this.
Cheers.
Greg
I have no comments on the two letters. 
Thanks
Linda R Guinn
02/04/2000 02:32 PM
Roland:
Just to update you --- I am working on retrieving this memo.  Hopefully by 
sometime next week, I will either have the memo in hand or confirm that we do 
not have a copy.
I will keep in touch.
Linda Guinn
Charles Cheek@
02/03/2000 01:24 PM
Dan O'Malley returned my call today. He was very cordial. He advised that 
there had been no response to your letter of November 22, 1999, since the 
project was not moving forward. According to O'Malley, "Bechtel could not get 
the machines."
Bob Williams has informed me that Christopher Carr represented the GOM 
against Enron.
fyi
Good to see you at lunch.  Coincidentally, I got back to my office and had
several emails from some of our lawyers up in Dallas, saying we had been
approached by Duke about representing them in a large gas litigation matter
brought against them by Enron.  I, of course, told them "HELL NO."  But let
us know if Susman screws it up, and you need us to bail you out.
Thanks again for the hospitality shown last week. I wanted to let you know 
that Fiona was especially helpful.
Cos 18 and 51 are the only ones I am familiar with and they cannot be 
dissolved. I am not familiar with the other cos, but I have asked Linda Guinn 
to confirm that there are no cases pending against them.
Pam would like our feedback on the following.  I imagine cos 18 and 51 are 
litigants that can't be dissolved.  I know that the Trading Desks use co 446 
for capacity release deals involving ENA.  The others may be in position to 
be dissolved, but I don't want to respond to Pam without your feedback.
Thanks
Steve
Pam Becton
02/03/2000 02:19 PM
Steve,
I am currently working on the SAP project, and need to know if the following 
ENA legal entities can be dissolved, or if there is a legal reason to keep 
them around.  Deb Korkmas mentioned that you may be able to help me with 
these.
18 Intratex Gas, Co.
51 Panhandle Gas Co.
54 Enron Industrial Natural Gas, Co.
58 Houston Pipe Line Marketing, Co.
72 Enron Texoma Gas Co.
446 Enron Administrative Services, Corp.
Please call me at your earliest convenience to discuss.  If there is a legal 
reason to keep these entities, we need to get them set up in SAP as soon as 
possible.
Thank you,
Pam
3-6595
Talked with Tom Deen today. He wants to depose either Miller or Virgo on 3/9
and the other of them the next day, Friday 3/10. I said I'd check their
availability. Can you advise? He also said he wanted to depose another Enron
employee whom he claims actually went to Korea: one Harry Moltreu (sp Any idea who this is? He agrees on mediating the last 2 weeks in March, and
to a continuance of the April setting. He also confirmed that Natole had
sold either all or part of his business, but retained all interest in the
lawsuit. I said we'd want to go through this in Natole's deposition, and he
said they would have the details then. Natole is on for next Friday 2/18.
I just left you a voice-mail stating that I am available this morningor(even 
better) Monday morning.
Actually, I said I did not think we should pursue it, but that I wanted Harry 
to check w/ the client/trader to see how strongly they feel about letting it 
go. We have a lot of dog cases out there that someone feels strongly about. 
Any word Harry?
Britt Davis@
08/10/2000 09:21 AM
Richard, I got your voice-mail, to the effect that you did not want to pursue 
this matter.  Should I close this file?  Just let me know.
Britt
If you do not hear from Mike ASAP, track him down or leave me a message and I 
will. You have access to my schedule so you can coordinate with Ogden.(just 
let me know before you give the final say so)
If you want to speak with Harry, please coordinate through Linda Guinn 
853-6104
Mike J Miller
02/10/2000 11:15 AM
The employee in question in Bill's e-mail is Harry Moulton.  Harry is an 
employee of EECC's construction subsidiary, NEPCO.  Harry was in Korea to 
survey the machines at the Kunsan site.  Harry is currently the NEPCO site 
manager for the construction of a sixth unit at East Coast Power's Linded 
project (Enron owns 25%).  As far as the depositions go, it would certainly 
be better if Bob and I could do them back-to back, but that is a lawyer vs 
lawyer issue, let us know.
fyi
Domingo Drakes
02/07/2000 06:33 PM
See attached.  We should have Intrust valuation completed by end of business 
tomorrow, once Shelly (our comptroller) computes all of HEOF management fees 
and admin. expenses to date.
DD
TexBasque@aol.com on 01/11/2000 01:32:45 PM
<A HREF="  here: Organic Consumers Association
and BioDemocracy works to save organic standards and label genetically
engineered fo 
As we discussed this morning, I'm attaching the Purefood.org website for your
perusal.  They really don't seem to be PETA activists at all or "junk"
scientists.  I'm sure that you'll see they are simply looking for wholesome
food without dangerous additives, pesticides, etc.
per my voicemail
Richard B Sanders
01/26/2000 08:04 AM
What is the status of my upgrade request that was made 5 weeks ago?
Linda R Guinn
01/26/2000 07:21 AM
As requested.
Linda R Guinn
12/20/99 10:05 AM
I submitted this on 12/15.
Linda R Guinn
12/15/99 12:00 PM
Richard Sanders, the litigation manager for ENA legal,  would like to upgrade 
his laptop computer.  RC # is 0630.  Could you please order the latest 
version?  Please also contact me with any questions you have 
Thank you.
Linda Guinn
Attached is a draft letter to George Wurtz regarding the above-referenced.
I am clear Wed and Thurs afternoon
I will be on vacation.
.After some period of orientation and adjustment(6 months?) all attorneys: 
senior counsel, assistant general counsel, and vice-president are expected to 
be independant. We don't have the time or the inclination to hold hands. 
There is no "standard" promotion track. If a senior counsel is successful, a 
promotion to asst. gen. counsel  will happen in1-3 years A promotion to VP is 
the closest thing we have to "making Partner" and generally takes 2-5 years. 
There is not that much compensation difference between a SC and a AGC.
Patricia Cini@MUNICATIONS
08/10/2000 04:57 AM
I received this fax by error.
Pat Cini
Bandwidth Origination
Enron Broadband Services
Direct Tel: +44 (0)20 7783 4335
Fax: +44 (0)20 7783 8136
Mobile: +44 (0)7879 435 524
email: patricia_cini@.net
London Fax System@ECT
08/09/00 07:56 PM
You have received a new fax from 
The image contains 2 page(s).
The posting of this bond should eliminate the need to pay on the Enron Corp 
guarranty. Please refer all future correspondence regarding this matter to 
Bonnie White
Richard,
I am told that the supersedeas bond will be FedExed by our surety to our New 
York counsel for delivery tomorrow.  I am hopeful that we will have it filed 
in the court by tomorrow afternoon, and a copy served on Louis Epstein.  When 
I have word that the bond has been filed with the Court, I will let you know.
In addition to the documents we have sent to Roland Tellis, we have 
identified the following documents to be located:
1. Credit's files - Contact: Jim Easter or Dave Gordi
2. RAC File - Contact:  Rick Carson
3. The final legal risk memo by Travis McCullough
4. Chris Hunt's files re Cogen facility (I have asked Twanda to set up a 
meeting next week with him which you should   attend.)
5. Donna Lowry's file
6. Jim Ajello/John Hopley's files
7. Paul Pizzalato's files (I cannot remember his involvement but Roland or 
Brian Barth will know.)
8. The addendum to the Deal Assessment sheet of 12/5/97
9. ECT's reconciliation for all fees generated by the closing
Christopher B Hunt@_DEVELOPMENT
02/18/2000 04:32 PM
Richard -
I understand we'll be meeting next week.  I figured one of the first things 
you'd be asking me for is an accounting on what Enron spent on the power 
plant, so I thought I'd pre-empt you and send it in advance. 
Chris
Frank Lobdell
02/16/2000 11:11 AM
Chris,
The attached schedule details the $1.3 million of costs incurred on the NSM 
Power Plant Project.  Note that until December 1999 these costs were deferred 
costs on our balance sheet.  In December, however, we wrote these costs off.
Thanks,
Frank
Christopher B Hunt
02/16/2000 06:37 AM
PRIVILEGED AND CONFIDENTIAL 
Frank -
Would it be possible to get a printout of all the expenses incurred on the 
NSM Power Plant AFE?  An itemized list and total would be perfect if that is 
possible.  I need the list because ECT is being sued over their involvement 
and one allegation would be helped if we can prove that we were very 
committed to making the project work (e.g., through spending a lot of time 
and money on the power plant).
I'll need this by Tuesday afternoon if possible to give to the ECT 
attorneys.  Sending it by e-mail would be best so I can add a note and 
forward it on.
Thanks,
Chris
Christopher B Hunt@_DEVELOPMENT
02/18/2000 04:32 PM
Richard -
I understand we'll be meeting next week.  I figured one of the first things 
you'd be asking me for is an accounting on what Enron spent on the power 
plant, so I thought I'd pre-empt you and send it in advance. 
Chris
Frank Lobdell
02/16/2000 11:11 AM
Chris,
The attached schedule details the $1.3 million of costs incurred on the NSM 
Power Plant Project.  Note that until December 1999 these costs were deferred 
costs on our balance sheet.  In December, however, we wrote these costs off.
Thanks,
Frank
Christopher B Hunt
02/16/2000 06:37 AM
PRIVILEGED AND CONFIDENTIAL 
Frank -
Would it be possible to get a printout of all the expenses incurred on the 
NSM Power Plant AFE?  An itemized list and total would be perfect if that is 
possible.  I need the list because ECT is being sued over their involvement 
and one allegation would be helped if we can prove that we were very 
committed to making the project work (e.g., through spending a lot of time 
and money on the power plant).
I'll need this by Tuesday afternoon if possible to give to the ECT 
attorneys.  Sending it by e-mail would be best so I can add a note and 
forward it on.
Thanks,
Chris
Who is handling this?
Becky Stephens@ on 02/23/2000 05:01:02 PM
The following documents, received today, have been forwarded for your=20
immediate review and consideration:
KCS Energy, Inc., et al, Debtors =01) Chapter 11 Bankruptcy; No. 00-0028(PJW)=20
and 00-0310(PJW) through 00-0318(PJW), In the U.S. Bankruptcy Court, District=20
of Delaware.  NOTICE OF MOTION and NOTICE OF CHAPTER 11 BANKRUPTCY CASE,=20
MEETING OF CREDITORS & DEADLINES to Panhandle Gas Company and Enron Gas=20
Marketing, Inc. by regular mail on 2/23/00.
PLEASE ADVISE IF NOT RECEIVED WITHIN 1 BUSINESS DAY.
Thank you, Becky Stephens
The Demurrer looks good.
Frank Lobdell@_DEVELOPMENT
02/23/2000 05:36 PM
Attached is further detail of the first file sent in the message below 
Please call me if you have any questions.
Thanks,
Frank (ext. 6-7831)
Frank Lobdell
02/16/2000 11:11 AM
Chris,
The attached schedule details the $1.3 million of costs incurred on the NSM 
Power Plant Project.  Note that until December 1999 these costs were deferred 
costs on our balance sheet.  In December, however, we wrote these costs off.
Thanks,
Frank
Christopher B Hunt
02/16/2000 06:37 AM
PRIVILEGED AND CONFIDENTIAL 
Frank -
Would it be possible to get a printout of all the expenses incurred on the 
NSM Power Plant AFE?  An itemized list and total would be perfect if that is 
possible.  I need the list because ECT is being sued over their involvement 
and one allegation would be helped if we can prove that we were very 
committed to making the project work (e.g., through spending a lot of time 
and money on the power plant).
I'll need this by Tuesday afternoon if possible to give to the ECT 
attorneys.  Sending it by e-mail would be best so I can add a note and 
forward it on.
Thanks,
Chris
please print out this e-mail w/ the attachment and file
Frank Lobdell@_DEVELOPMENT
02/23/2000 05:36 PM
Attached is further detail of the first file sent in the message below 
Please call me if you have any questions.
Thanks,
Frank (ext. 6-7831)
Frank Lobdell
02/16/2000 11:11 AM
Chris,
The attached schedule details the $1.3 million of costs incurred on the NSM 
Power Plant Project.  Note that until December 1999 these costs were deferred 
costs on our balance sheet.  In December, however, we wrote these costs off.
Thanks,
Frank
Christopher B Hunt
02/16/2000 06:37 AM
PRIVILEGED AND CONFIDENTIAL 
Frank -
Would it be possible to get a printout of all the expenses incurred on the 
NSM Power Plant AFE?  An itemized list and total would be perfect if that is 
possible.  I need the list because ECT is being sued over their involvement 
and one allegation would be helped if we can prove that we were very 
committed to making the project work (e.g., through spending a lot of time 
and money on the power plant).
I'll need this by Tuesday afternoon if possible to give to the ECT 
attorneys.  Sending it by e-mail would be best so I can add a note and 
forward it on.
Thanks,
Chris
Yes I get these postings independently
David Forster
02/24/2000 07:30 PM
Richard, 
Perhaps you could pass these along to Phil when you speak next?
Thanks,
Dave
Per Carrie Southard, Here are 2 guest accounts with expiration date of 3/16/00
ID: ENA02141
PW: YD92CK71
ID: ENA72832
PW: XZ54LM95
EnronOnline
Matt x35221
Please note that there will be no call today.  However, there will be one 
next Friday, August 18th at 10:30a.m. central time.  The dial in number is 
1-800-998-2462.  Passcode 4309724
Easter is good for us.
Easter weekend is MUCH better for us. Just make it happen.
We left at 10:30 and went to Kenneally's Irish Pub to get something to eat( 
they ran out of food at the gala) I did bid on a piece of art, but I don't 
know if I won. I doubt it, it was a popular item.
Thanks for the update.
The use of Enron's name is OK as long as it is limited to that.
SHoward@milbank.com on 02/29/2000 05:23:38 PM
Richard:
We are currently preparing a marketing piece on Milbank's los Angeles
litigation practice.  Is it okay if we include Enron in a list of
"Representative Clients" that will appear in the peice?
Steve
- att1.htm
Plaintiff has canceled the hearing on its motion for summary judgment, which 
was set for this Friday.  Since I am sure they will re-set it if immediate 
settlement progress is not made, Ecogas has a window of opportunity to work 
out an acceptable deal.  However, I suspeect the window is not a very big one.
Our goal was to buy time.  Whether we bought it or not, we now have it.  I 
will get together with Randy and Jerrel to make sure we use it effectively.
Attached is the weekly status report regarding ENA Litigation.
Attached for your review is a letter to Julio Cesar Rocha regarding 
Votorantim.
The lawsuit against Agency.com was filed this afternoon.
Richard,
As requested, below please find language that I recommend be included in the 
Settlement.  The first sentence preserves Enron's right to appeal the 
findings of an ADR proceeding that may emanate out of this matter to FERC or 
any competent court; as it turns out, this right is provided under Section 
4.1 of the PX's Dispute Resolution Procedures.  The second sentence is 
intended to preserve Enron's right in other proceedings (as we have done 
already) to challenge the legality of ISOs and PXs to conduct investigations 
such as the one that they have in this instance:
"Nothing in this Settlement prejudices or limits Enron's rights under Section 
4.1 of PX Tariff Schedule 9, Dispute Resolution Procedures, related to any 
ADR proceeding that may address the same subjects that are addressed in this 
Settlement.  Moreover, although Enron has agreed not to seek review of the 
decision and order issued by the Chief Executive Officer in this proceeding 
based upon this Offer of Settlement, nothing in this Settlement prejudices 
Enron's right in other proceedings to challenge the CalPX's right, under 
United States federal law, the Federal Power Act, the Administrative 
Procedures Act, and applicable FERC regulations and decisions, to investigate 
allegations of improper market behavior and to issue findings and impose 
sanctions related to such investigations."
Please let me know if I can be of further assistance.  Ron
"Kathy D. Patrick"  	08/11/2000 09:57 AM
Richard:
Enclosed is a draft of the Affidavit that I believe conforms to what we
discussed with Brian this morning.  Please let me know if there is anything
that is not correct.  If it is fine, please have Brian sign it and have his
signature notarized.  I will then send a messenger to pick up the final,
signed affidavit.
Thanks,
Kathy Patrick
- 1yb801!.WPD
Do you know anything about this?
Richard -- Yesterday, I received a call from Jill Ptacek, a lawyer from the
DOJ's Antitrust Division, regarding the remaining aspects of the DOJ's
Indiana Energy Investigation.  She has requested an interview with an Enron
employee who can describe Enron's experience in obtaining capacity on the
Texas Gas (Williams) and Panhandle (CMS) pipelines in Indiana.  The DOJ is
investigating whether Proliance is using its its significant capacity rights
on these pipelines to exclude or disadvantage third parties seeking access
in central Indiana.  Ptacek is requesting an interview this week or next
week.  Please let me know who we can make available for 60-90 minutes.
Thanks. -- Paul Yde (202-639-6685)
The information in this email may be confidential and/or privileged.
This email is intended to be reviewed by only the individual or organization
named above. If you are not the intended recipient or an authorized
representative of the intended recipient, you are hereby notified that any
review, dissemination or copying of this email and its attachments, if any,
or the information contained herein is prohibited. If you have received this
email in error, please notify the sender by return email and delete this
email from your system.
Can you have lunch on Monday?
I am very busy and very important but I will make an exception for you.
Ecogas and its affiliates have claims and lawsuits outstanding against them 
totaling over $8.5 million. These cases are, for the most part , suits to 
collect on unpaid debts, for which there are very limited defenses. The 
likelihood of success on the defenses of these cases is small.
Where else? Treebeards---on Market Square You pick the time.
Thanks for your research. I hammered the old coot on the head w/it this 
morning.
Let me know what time and please invite any judge you like.
I am not sure. but market square-treebeards it is.
Where else? Treebeards---on Market Square You pick the time.
When you get a minute, call those attys who stated (swore) otherwise and find 
out where they got their information.
I will be there at noon
Here is the letter for your review and comments.
Al
- 1095822.doc
"Kathy D. Patrick"  	08/11/2000 09:57 AM
Richard:
Enclosed is a draft of the Affidavit that I believe conforms to what we
discussed with Brian this morning.  Please let me know if there is anything
that is not correct.  If it is fine, please have Brian sign it and have his
signature notarized.  I will then send a messenger to pick up the final,
signed affidavit.
Thanks,
Kathy Patrick
- 1yb801!.WPD
When you get a second, call me and let me know what is happening with this 
investigation. Also---are you going to Wyoming next week.
Richard -- Yesterday, I received a call from Jill Ptacek, a lawyer from the
DOJ's Antitrust Division, regarding the remaining aspects of the DOJ's
Indiana Energy Investigation.  She has requested an interview with an Enron
employee who can describe Enron's experience in obtaining capacity on the
Texas Gas (Williams) and Panhandle (CMS) pipelines in Indiana.  The DOJ is
investigating whether Proliance is using its its significant capacity rights
on these pipelines to exclude or disadvantage third parties seeking access
in central Indiana.  Ptacek is requesting an interview this week or next
week.  Please let me know who we can make available for 60-90 minutes.
Thanks. -- Paul Yde (202-639-6685)
The information in this email may be confidential and/or privileged.
This email is intended to be reviewed by only the individual or organization
named above. If you are not the intended recipient or an authorized
representative of the intended recipient, you are hereby notified that any
review, dissemination or copying of this email and its attachments, if any,
or the information contained herein is prohibited. If you have received this
email in error, please notify the sender by return email and delete this
email from your system.
Roland-- I think that Brian is the correct person to sign these discovery 
requests. Having said that, I do not remember talking about that before you 
sent the e-mail to Brian. You need to go through me for that kind of decision.
My only comment to the Interrogs is that Brian should use his old title in 
Int. #3
Paul-- plese call Lara Leibman at Enron asap. Her # is 713-853-1393
Sarah Novosel@
03/09/2000 11:52 AM
Lara: 
Richard Sanders forwarded this email to me.  I spoke with Rick and he 
suggested that I forward it to you (he mentioned that you met with Jade Eaton 
yesterday) and that you are familiar with the Indiana investigation.
Richard:
Lara is our Government Affairs point person for DOJ and FTC matters, so you 
can forward these types of requests to her in the future.
Thanks Everyone.  Let me know if you need me to do anything further with this.
Sarah
Richard B Sanders@ECT
03/09/2000 07:43 AM
Richard -- Yesterday, I received a call from Jill Ptacek, a lawyer from the
DOJ's Antitrust Division, regarding the remaining aspects of the DOJ's
Indiana Energy Investigation.  She has requested an interview with an Enron
employee who can describe Enron's experience in obtaining capacity on the
Texas Gas (Williams) and Panhandle (CMS) pipelines in Indiana.  The DOJ is
investigating whether Proliance is using its its significant capacity rights
on these pipelines to exclude or disadvantage third parties seeking access
in central Indiana.  Ptacek is requesting an interview this week or next
week.  Please let me know who we can make available for 60-90 minutes.
Thanks. -- Paul Yde (202-639-6685)
The information in this email may be confidential and/or privileged.
This email is intended to be reviewed by only the individual or organization
named above. If you are not the intended recipient or an authorized
representative of the intended recipient, you are hereby notified that any
review, dissemination or copying of this email and its attachments, if any,
or the information contained herein is prohibited. If you have received this
email in error, please notify the sender by return email and delete this
email from your system.
Did you ever send this letter? If so, please send me a copy.
Richard B Sanders
03/02/2000 06:36 PM
Sent by: Twanda Sweet
Attached for your review is a letter to Julio Cesar Rocha regarding 
Votorantim.
Attached is a memo regarding the above-referenced.  Please review and provide 
me with any comments that you may have.
Richard B Sanders
02/12/2000 07:19 AM
TexBasque@aol.com on 01/11/2000 01:32:45 PM
<A HREF="  here: Organic Consumers Association
and BioDemocracy works to save organic standards and label genetically
engineered fo 
As we discussed this morning, I'm attaching the Purefood.org website for your
perusal.  They really don't seem to be PETA activists at all or "junk"
scientists.  I'm sure that you'll see they are simply looking for wholesome
food without dangerous additives, pesticides, etc.
646-3393
I have not heard  from Barbara about Eitan, but my reaction is that he is not 
a great fit because of his lack of legal experience. Typically, we don't hire 
first year lawyers unless there is a person who is willing to sponser(train) 
them. I know Barbara has been very pleased with Gerald Nemec, so her feelings 
might have changed about hiring someone so inexperienced. However, I know  
that Mark H. and Jim Derrick will be very skeptical.
Linda-- see if Barrett Reasoner knows of a video conference  in Houston.
Wondering if we should book a video conference here at Enron?? (or have we 
already?)
Dawne Davis  In the past couple of days, I have been deluged with
last-minute requests to videoconference into the March 17
hearing on the motions to dismiss.  We are well past the
deadlines Sprint asked us to comply with (February 25 for
private sites and March 1 for public sites).  At this stage,
adding new sites to such a large, nationwide
videoconference is extraordinarily burdensome, requiring
Sprint to move the entire conference to a different bridging
system, change the dial-in numbers, etc.  Also of importance
is the fact that the bridging system has space limitations.
Please e-mail me with all videoconference requests no later
than 12 p.m. Mountain tomorrow (Friday, March 10).  After the
noon cutoff, we will no longer be able to entertain additional
videoconference requests.  In the meantime, I will do my
best to accommodate the late requests we've received.
I will be sending out a detailed memo tomorrow afternoon
that lists all the sites that have been booked, along with
those who've made reservations.  Each of you planning to
videoconference will need to check carefully to be sure your
reservation is reflected in my memo.  In addition, many of
the sites have extremely limited seating, so please do not
plan to show up at a public site without a reservation.
Thanks to all of you for your consideration.
Dawne Davis
Legal Assistant
Holland & Hart
P.O. Box 1347
Cheyenne, WY  82003
307-778-4240
307-778-8175 - fax
ddavis@hollandhart.com
NOTICE:  This message is PRIVILEGED AND
CONFIDENTIAL.  It is sent under the terms and conditions of
a Joint Defense Agreement (JDA) and is directed only to
recipients who the sender believes have agreed to be
bound by the JDA.  If you do not agree to be bound by the
JDA, or if you believe that this e-mail has been sent to you in
error, please reply to notify the sender that you received the
message in error, and please delete and disregard this
e-mail.  Thank you.
Could you give me a brief description of what this is?
Jeff Dasovich@EES
08/11/2000 05:26 PM
Rozsa, Peace's chief henchman, informed Jan Smutney-Jones today that the AG 
is not longer investigating Smutney, Parquet, Blue (and whomever else) 
regarding ISO Board voting. 
In keeping with Mike Moran's instructions to be frugal, I did not book a 
video conference at Enron, but I have asked Linda Guinn to find one that we 
can attend in Houston.
There's a videoconference at 2200 Southwest Frwy -- but you have to reserve a 
space -- call Dawne Davis (phone numbers below  307-778-4240
307-778-8175 - fax
ddavis@hollandhart.com
Richard B Sanders@ECT
03/13/2000 03:53 PM
In keeping with Mike Moran's instructions to be frugal, I did not book a 
video conference at Enron, but I have asked Linda Guinn to find one that we 
can attend in Houston.
The devil is in the details--- what does the power of atty say. Send it to me 
713- 646-3393
Looks good. Let me know asap whether we get the requested extension.
SHoward@milbank.com on 03/16/2000 01:36:09 PM
I received a nasty letter from Montauk today, which was copied to you.
Attached for your review and comment is my proposed response.
Hope all is well.
Steve
- att1.htm
- 3_8_701!.doc
Peter del Vecchio
08/11/2000 03:09 PM
Please see attached.  Richard Sanders is reviewing the attached as well.
Pete del Vecchio
Ron-- I am not  sure what this is? Can you help me?
"Bill Hayes"  	08/14/2000 01:50 PM
Richard,
I am following up to see if you received our response to above letter
and that everything is in
order.  If you have any questions, please feel free to call Ron Coker (Mgr.
of Estimating & Engineering) or myself @ 281-449-8241.
Bill Hayes- H.P.B.
The signed aff. is on its way back to you.
"Kathy D. Patrick"  	08/11/2000 09:57 AM
Richard:
Enclosed is a draft of the Affidavit that I believe conforms to what we
discussed with Brian this morning.  Please let me know if there is anything
that is not correct.  If it is fine, please have Brian sign it and have his
signature notarized.  I will then send a messenger to pick up the final,
signed affidavit.
Thanks,
Kathy Patrick
- 1yb801!.WPD
I don't remember seeing this. Please resend.
Becky Stephens@
08/10/2000 03:21 PM
Department of Environmental Quality, State of Louisiana v. Louisiana 
Resources Company.  NOTICE OF VIOLATION to Louisiana Resources Company by 
certified mail on 8/9/00.
PLEASE ADVISE IF NOT RECEIVED WITHIN 1 BUSINESS DAY.
Thank you!!
Becky A. Stephens
Litigation Unit, Enron Corp.
713/853-5025
EB4809
When do you think we will here something ( if today 
If we appeal and win it will be helpful to our claim against TVA  related to 
the control area dispute. . While we have not heard it yet, TVA will argue 
that although TVA did not use the same rational as Entergy to deny parking, 
Enron has no damages because of the  FERC ruling. What are our chances of 
winning?
By copy of this e-mail I will ask our outside counsel, Bob Madden, to 
comment on how he thinks the FERC ruling can and will be used against us.
Christi L Nicolay
08/10/2000 04:27 PM
Do you think we should appeal Entergy source and sink FERC order?  While I 
think it is a poorly written order that shows a lack of understanding of the 
issue, I'm not sure that we can win on appeal or that it is worth appealing, 
since we would not recover our damages against ComEd and TVA for this summer 
while the order is in effect.  It would be helpful next summer to be able to 
park in ComEd and TVA, since the RTOs will not be running in all likelihood 
Elizabeth/Richard -- Is there a reason in the TVA litigation  that we need to 
appeal the decision?
Otherwise, Joe, should we get Dan W. to draft a memo on chances of success or 
other reasons for filing an appeal?
I know you have other things going on but can you draft 2 short letters to JB 
1)confirming your requests re Wisvest and 2)  outling you information 
requests re Ecogas SA. I will edit. 
Randal Maffett
08/14/2000 01:58 PM
On Friday, August 4 JB and I had a discussion re: engaging Wisvest in a 
dialogue to resolve some of the major issues around the San Antonio project In that discussion I reiterated what was discussed at the 8/2/00 Board 
meeting which was:  a) we needed to finalize the numbers re: the WMI royalty 
renegotiation; b) verify the expected EPC costs to complete the project; c) 
revise the project pro-forma to reflect the revisions in (a) and (b) and d) 
run sensitivity analyses on the level of subordination Wisvest would have to 
accept in order to make the project economics viable.  In our phone 
conversation on 8/4/00 we again agreed this was the right course of action to 
take.  Subsequent to that call, JB had conversations w/ Derek Price at 
Wisvest re: prospective meeting dates and exchanging various info re: the 
project.  In another phone conversation on Monday, August 7, I specifically 
asked JB whether he had sent the project pro-formas and/or other proprietary 
info to Derek Price to which JB responded "no."  He said he "... sent him 
summary info ... but did NOT send him the pro-forma ..."  I then asked him to 
forward to me copies of everything he had sent to Derek.  What he sent to me 
was some very basic e-mails and financial summary info.  I also asked Derek 
to forward to me everything JB had sent to him and I got a whole lot more, 
including the full-blown project model/pro-forma.  This has seriously 
diminished all of our negotiating leverage!
On 8/10/00, I became aware of some efforts that appear to involve JB in 
setting up a South American version of Ecogas (Ecogas S.A.) and called him to 
inquire as to what was going on.  In our phone conversation JB explicitly 
denied "any involvement" including any "ownership" in such an enterprise.  I 
also asked JB to forward to me by Friday, 8/11/00, copies of any and all 
documents, agreements, etc... relating to Ecogas S.A.  To date he has sent me 
nothing but an undated DRAFT MOU as well as some misc and meaningless 
correspondence (undated and/or old e-mails, etc...).  None of the info sent 
is what I asked for on August 4 (complete execution copies of the MOU 
regarding Ecogas S.A. including ownership interests, etc... as well as copies 
of Articles of Incorporation for Ecogas S.A., etc...Who is Ecogas S.A Where is it currently incorporated?  Who are the beneficial owners?  Under 
what authority are you transacting business (what is your title, etc...)  JB 
continues to reference "nothing has been signed, incorporated, etc..." - then 
why is JB's signature evidenced on an "Amendment" to the "Memorandum of 
Understanding:  Ecogas S.A. - Tortola/JCS 
JB referenced the need to "directing our efforts to resolution of the crisis, 
rather than continuing personal distractions and devisiveness."  For the past 
couple of months he has been asked to generate cash by selling assets, 
greenhouse gas emission credits, etc...  To the best of my knowledge Ecogas 
has yet to see one penny!
As always there seems to be a direct contradiction between the "stories" and 
the facts!
Include these questions to JB in the Ecogas SA letter
Randal Maffett
08/11/2000 02:28 PM
Read JB's response to my phone call below.  I'm not sure what's going on but 
if you read the info I had sent to you (via intercompany mail), there are a 
number of questions which are relevant:
Why does M. Panelo's e-mail reference JB's ownership being 33%?
Why is JB's signature on the MOU Amendment?  What is his authority as a 
signatory?  If he's not an officer of this "Ecogas S.A." then why is his 
signature evidenced?
We're trying to track down the faxes he referenced below.  Once received, 
I'll forward them if they're pertinent.
RTM
Jerrel Branson  Randy,
I am concerned about our conversation of yesterday morning.  I sent by fax
to you all relevant documents I have concerning any South American details
which have Ecogas involvement.  As stated over the phone and set out in the
documents, I have never had any ownership interest in any corporation,
partnership, joint-venture, etc. for South America relating to Ecogas.  The
documents which you suggest you have cannot represent any such interest as
it does not and never has existed.  I simply would not act in that manner
and would have expected you to hold that understanding.
Given the status of Ecogas' operations currently I want to suggest that we
all direct our total efforts to resolution of that crisis, rather than
continuing personal distractions and devisiveness.
,
Jerrel
Can you print out a copy of the legal risk memo E. Sager did?
I ignored this. Should I have?
Kristin Armstrong
03/30/2000 08:24 AM
Jeff Shankman has reviewed his legal allocations for February and would like 
more detail on exactly what each attorney listed below is working on for his 
teams.  If you are not listed below, an attorney who reports to you is and I 
will need the projects/services they are working on for Jeff.  I have 
attached the February allocations for your reference.  Please have this 
information to me no later than 9:00 a.m. tomorrow.
Thanks for your help.
Kris
x3-1927
Hi Kristin,
Jeff Shankman is reviewing the legal allocations and wants some more 
information on what the following attorney's are working on for his teams:
Dan Hyvl
Stacy Dickson
Monica Jordan
Shonnie Daniel
Carol St. Clair
Richard Sanders
His teams are Financial Gas, East Gas, West Gas, Central Gas, Risk Management 
- Houston & New York.
Please let me know if you have any questions.
Thanks,
Suzanne
....or unless the judge has scheduled a conference call for a time certain.
"Nunnally, Knox D."  	08/16/2000 08:13 AM
He who can predict when a judge or jury will decide something is indeed a
wise man-- unless he is in south Texas.
When do you think we will here something ( if today 
"Neal S. Manne"  	08/16/2000 08:35 AM
Richard, Judge Link said that he would fax us his rulings by Noon today
(Wednesday).  I would not hold my breath.  CFP has agreed to be on the
lookout for a fax (I will be in a hearing in Dallas) and to let us all know
by voice messages as soon as she receives something.  Let's keep Knox's
fingers crossed 
When do you think we will here something ( if today 
You are exactly right---thanks.
Ron Coker@
08/16/2000 10:13 AM
I'm don't know what this is about, but based on the phone number the 
referenced Ron Coker is my dad who works at Houston Pipe Benders.
Ron-- I am not  sure what this is? Can you help me?
"Bill Hayes"  	08/14/2000 01:50 PM
Richard,
I am following up to see if you received our response to above letter
and that everything is in
order.  If you have any questions, please feel free to call Ron Coker (Mgr.
of Estimating & Engineering) or myself @ 281-449-8241.
Bill Hayes- H.P.B.
Randal Maffett
08/11/2000 02:28 PM
Read JB's response to my phone call below.  I'm not sure what's going on but 
if you read the info I had sent to you (via intercompany mail), there are a 
number of questions which are relevant:
Why does M. Panelo's e-mail reference JB's ownership being 33%?
Why is JB's signature on the MOU Amendment?  What is his authority as a 
signatory?  If he's not an officer of this "Ecogas S.A." then why is his 
signature evidenced?
We're trying to track down the faxes he referenced below.  Once received, 
I'll forward them if they're pertinent.
RTM
Jerrel Branson  Randy,
I am concerned about our conversation of yesterday morning.  I sent by fax
to you all relevant documents I have concerning any South American details
which have Ecogas involvement.  As stated over the phone and set out in the
documents, I have never had any ownership interest in any corporation,
partnership, joint-venture, etc. for South America relating to Ecogas.  The
documents which you suggest you have cannot represent any such interest as
it does not and never has existed.  I simply would not act in that manner
and would have expected you to hold that understanding.
Given the status of Ecogas' operations currently I want to suggest that we
all direct our total efforts to resolution of that crisis, rather than
continuing personal distractions and devisiveness.
,
Jerrel
Can I bring my grandmother?
Stuart Zisman
08/16/2000 10:56 AM
Veronica suggested Sierra or Redwood Grill for Saturday night.  Do either of 
these sound good?  If not, what would you suggest?  I was actually thinking 
Wendy's.
Stuart
"Robert J. Madden"  	08/16/2000 08:23 AM
Richard:
My view is that TVA will likely use the FERC ruling to attempt to
retroactively bless their treatment of the Enron control areas last summer.
Although my understanding is that Entergy used a different method than that
employed by TVA to restrict the use of a no-load control area, TVA will
argue that the result is the same and that NERC has, thus, approved
differing treatment for load and no-load control areas.  The FERC ruling
will likely create a greater sense of unease on the part of the judge to
enforce the rules of NERC, a voluntary association, in the face of what
appears at first blush to be a contrary position taken by FERC, a federal
agency.
Bob
P.S. T.O. Helton has suggested that he sit in on the upcoming depositions of
Richard Shen and the 30(b)(6) rep. on TVA's alleged damages to get a better
feel for the case.  Please let me know your thoughts on this.
If we appeal and win it will be helpful to our claim against TVA  related to
the
control area dispute. . While we have not heard it yet, TVA will argue that
although TVA did not use the same rational as Entergy to deny parking, Enron
has
no damages because of the  FERC ruling. What are our chances of winning?
By copy of this e-mail I will ask our outside counsel, Bob Madden, to
comment
on how he thinks the FERC ruling can and will be used against us.
|        |          Christi L |        |          Nicolay  |        |          08/10/2000 |        |          04:27 PM   
|
Do you think we should appeal Entergy source and sink FERC order?  While I
think
it is a poorly written order that shows a lack of understanding of the
issue,
I'm not sure that we can win on appeal or that it is worth appealing, since
we
would not recover our damages against ComEd and TVA for this summer while
the
order is in effect.  It would be helpful next summer to be able to park in
ComEd
and TVA, since the RTOs will not be running in all likelihood.
Elizabeth/Richard -- Is there a reason in the TVA litigation  that we need
to
appeal the decision?
Otherwise, Joe, should we get Dan W. to draft a memo on chances of success
or
other reasons for filing an appeal?
Please be advised that there will not be a conference call today.
No on #1. Yes on #2. One thing we may want to add in light of #2 is a 
confidentiality agreement so that Jung Ho  doesn't find out about the 
settlement.
"Bill W. Ogden"  	08/18/2000 02:12 PM
Please respond to bogden
I have spoken with Kirk Fulk for IBC, who has no changes of substance to the
settlement agreement. I also spoke with Tom Deen, who wants to send
revisions after Natole has read the document, which Natole can't do now
because he's travelling. Deen says they will want at least 2 changes of
substance:
1. Natole is asking for an indemnity from Enron and IBC for anyone who
claims through them. I told him this was not something we had talked about
before, and I wasn't sure how Enron would react to it, but my own reaction
was negative because Enron had no claims back against Natole (other than
financial offsets) so I fail to see why it's necessary. IBC is a different
matter because IBC filed a counterclaim against Natole.
2.  Deen wants the Natole indemnity to be capped at the amount of
settlement. In other words, Natole indemnifies Enron & IBC from claims by
Jung Ho (or others) only to the extent of $385,000. This again is not what
we talked about, but as a practical matter I'm not sure how much difference
it makes. Everyone seems to view the likelihood of further claims as remote.
Let me know your thoughts, and I'll forward any further proposals when I get
them.
Bill Ogden
Zaib Iqtidar  	08/18/2000 04:03 PM
Please find attached the most recent schedule of outstanding legal expenses
for Ecogas Corporation. This schedule was compiled with information
available as of 8/17/00. Please call 512-347-1441 ext 278 if you have any
questions.
,
Zaib Iqtidar
- Ecogas Legal Bills  8-17-00.xls
Attached is an updated copy of ENA's Litigation Status Report.
Attached is a receipt and acknowledgment between ENA and EIC.
Please be advised that there will be a conference call regarding the 
above-referenced matter on Friday, August 25th at 10:30 a.m. central time.
The dial in number and pincode remains the same:  1-800-998-2462     pincode 
4309724
Thanks.
"Jean C. Frizzell"  	08/24/2000 01:22 PM
Barbara Rayner and her team, Marlene Timberlake and her team (except for
Malcolm, who was unfortunately not available) and Randy teleconferenced
this morning as scheduled.  Here is what resulted:
1. We all think we can have values ready by Friday 8/31, but not full
reports which explain how we got to them and which are in formats
suitable for submission.  We need perhaps another week (but not a great
deal longer) to have suitable reports completed.  We believe this will
not be too much of a problem, based on Barbara's and Marlene's
discussions with respective counsels.
2. We all appear to be missing financial statements for Beal's Town car
for the year 1997.  Could Scarlett see if they are available and get them
to us?
3. There was minor confusion regarding Call Center as to which financial
forecast should be used.  There are at least three, but they are not
appreciably different.  Rand used the forecast accompanying the DASH.
Scarlett might want to double check to see which one is appropriate, if
this can be determined.  Not a major issue.
3. With regard to Tim's letter of 8/16 and Scarlett's response on 8/18:
A. None of us were influenced in any way by the Enron valuation numbers
submitted along with the Enron materials.  We are each preparing an
independent opinion.
B. On the Call Center interest, we will all address the issue of the
warrants: Rand pointed out that the warrants did not all vest
immediately, and that the 95.58% ownership assumption would incorrectly
reflect this.  I believe we all agreed that 82.3% is the proper ownership
interest as of 9/5/99, subject to revisiting the issue independently.
C. Everyone is treating Cynet as a separate item.  We all agree that
there is a legal issue as to whether an investment was made as of the
valuation date.  That is not an appraisal issue.
D. On the final accounting and the formula calculations, we would all
like the attorneys to explain to us exactly how these are to be treated.
Rand in particular is unclear as to how the final calculation should be
done.  We can discuss this at our Monday conference call, which Rand will
set up (through AT&T: they will call each of us) at 2:00 P.M. eastern
time, 1:00 Dallas.
4. We were unanimous in deciding that now is not the right time to share
results for several reasons:
A. We do not want to do anything that would contravene the Partnership
Agreement which might cause all of our good work (editorial comment!) to
be tossed out.
B. Sharing of "numbers only" results without final reports giving their
rationales is useless.
C. If we were to share "everything but the conclusions" now, we might
waste a great deal of time and money on minutiae, irrelevant things, or
arguments about issues on which appraisers can have legitimate
differences of opinion.
We propose instead the following:
A. We will each prepare reports and submit them as soon as possible
(relative to the 8/31 goal) as planned.  We will each submit full reports
that detail how we developed our conclusions, as well as what they are.
B. Counsels can then decide what they would like to do.  If they wish to
accept our reports and proceed, we are done.  If counsels agree
alternatively that they would like the appraisers to exchange reports, we
are equally amenable to that.  Each of us could then read the other
reports and (assuming counsels authorize this) reconsider our own
conclusions and revise them (if warranted) and/or comment on the others
in a constructive manner.  Again, we do not want to do anything that
would jeopardize the validity of what we have accomplished so far, but we
all want to cooperate to get this matter resolved.
I will talk with you all on Monday afternoon.
Rand M. Curtiss, FIBA, MCBA, ASA, ASA
Loveman-Curtiss e-Values Your Business
Vox 216-831-1795 Fax 216-292-6887
www.curtiss.com   www.businessval.com
Headquarters of the American Business Appraisers National Network
Eric Thode@
08/23/2000 11:57 AM
I certainly have no problem with that decision.  Thanks.
Eric
Dan Lyons@ECT
08/23/2000 11:40 AM
I vote we don't reply at all
Randal Maffett
08/22/2000 09:03 AM
I would forward to Legal and review before we sent any response.
RANDY
Eric Thode@
08/22/2000 07:33 AM
Any thoughts on how to respond?  This came in via our web site.  Please 
advise.
Thanks.
Eric
Please respond.
w g wettleson  	08/18/2000 09:24 PM
dont think for a moment your attempt to get kafus for pennies on the
dollar from under its shareholders will go unnoticed - i for one would
love to explain how it went from a shareholders view on a website. that
was my retirement money your messing with.
Tim is available next Thurs. Does this work for you Knox?
Sounds good
SHoward@milbank.com
08/24/2000 05:43 PM
Richard: 
Ahab Garos, a young intern at McDonald during 1997-98, was deposed in New 
York this week.? We concluded that this particular deposition was not worth 
the expense of our attending personally, but we will be obtaining a rough 
transcript tomorrow and a final one later.? It is unlikely that Garos had any 
significant contact with Enron, and Mike Swartz advised us before the 
deposition that he did not intend to ask any "Enron questions."
Next week Aaron Izowar of White & Case is being deposed.? We think we should 
attend that deposition, and Roland is planning on doing so, unless you 
disagree.? Izowar coordinated a lot of the work in preparing the offering 
memorandum and is likely to be asked about Enron's role in that process.
Steve 
I have not had any contact with the nuetral appraiser, so this speculation is 
from our outside counsel. Jean Frizzell inforns me that the nuetral is 
conservative and he doesn't believe that he will put any multiples on these 
investments. The numbers should be low. I hope you are doing well 
Gene Humphrey
08/24/2000 05:46 PM
I guess we will get the results by the middle of September.   Since I have 
been out of pocket for the past two months, I am curious if you have any 
insight into how the appraisal process is going and if the results will be in 
line with what we think they should be.  I realize that this is only 
speculation but  I am wondering what your opinion is.  Thanks for all of your 
help.
Gene
I am forwarding this lawsuit to you. Can you handle?
Doug Stockton
08/24/2000 05:38 PM
I am having documents regarding the above lawsuit couriered to you.  Please 
see attached memo below for more information.
We should not respond.
Dan Lyons
08/23/2000 11:40 AM
I vote we don't reply at all
Randal Maffett
08/22/2000 09:03 AM
I would forward to Legal and review before we sent any response.
RANDY
Eric Thode@
08/22/2000 07:33 AM
Any thoughts on how to respond?  This came in via our web site.  Please 
advise.
Thanks.
Eric
Please respond.
w g wettleson  	08/18/2000 09:24 PM
dont think for a moment your attempt to get kafus for pennies on the
dollar from under its shareholders will go unnoticed - i for one would
love to explain how it went from a shareholders view on a website. that
was my retirement money your messing with.
Can we get together next week so I can get an update? Twanda will schedule.
Kay Mann@
08/23/2000 01:07 PM
There's a meeting with a cast of characters to discuss the Westinhouse 
warranty issues.  It is tomorrow (Thurs) at 1230.  Do you have any interest 
in sitting in?
Kay
John Normand@_DEVELOPMENT
08/23/2000 01:03 PM
The proposed agenda for tomorrow's meeting is as follow:
Low frequency sound issue
Megawatt limit @ 182 Mw
Use of evap cooler
Heat Rate deficiency
Late equipment deliveries 
We can also talk about Wheatland performance.
Let me know if there is anything else we need to add to the agenda.
Thanks,   John
Remember us?  You're not going Sharolyn Wood on us are you?
Teresa Bushman may know whether this is related to the Shell/Cypress Program.
Bob Carter
04/03/2000 09:22 AM
Sent by: Sheri L Cromwell
If you are familiar with Cypress Acadian Exploration Corp. (an ENA 
subsidiary) please contact Bob Carter at Ext. 3-3378.  Thank you.
Where are we on this?
Russell Diamond
08/18/2000 05:25 PM
Richard,
Can you please give me a status update on Cage Gas Services?
Thank you,
Russell
I talked to Britt about handling this. You can give it to him  if you are 
swamped.
Bonnie White@
08/25/2000 08:34 AM
Thank you.  When I get the papers on the suit, I will call and try to get us 
out of this one.
Richard B Sanders@ECT
08/25/2000 06:40 AM
I am forwarding this lawsuit to you. Can you handle?
Doug Stockton
08/24/2000 05:38 PM
I am having documents regarding the above lawsuit couriered to you.  Please 
see attached memo below for more information.
Perhaps  $150-250 per well is what they are looking for.
Steve HPL Schneider
08/21/2000 06:58 AM
CONFIDENTIAL - ATTORNEY/CLIENT PRIVILEDGED
You had left a phone message the other day about reducing the metering fee, 
but you did not state to what level.  Please let me know what that are 
specifically requesting.  Based on the volume information and forecasts I 
currently have, I am not inclined to grant a reduction in metering fees.  How 
do I counter Pintail if they decide to pursue this so as to reduce my legal 
cost risks?  I need to know if I have any ammunition to counter with.
Robert Walker
08/15/2000 09:00 AM
I have the Conoco Contract File 
Cheryl Dudley
08/14/2000 01:22 PM
I have looked through every Archive Log that I can find & cannot come up with 
the actual contract.  Below is what I have found:
I called in a box from Archives that contains a thick file for the Conoco 109 
contract which is comprised of FERC, NGPA & TRRC filings only.
There is another box with a Conoco 109 file which is entitled "3rd Settlement 
of Gathering System Costs" which is in a storage room down on the 5th floor According to Marianne, it contains worksheets, etc. & no contract.
Also, there is another box that had a Conoco 109 file containing purchase 
accounting information that is in a storage room in 3AC.  But, Marianne said 
that according to the check-out card in the box, the file was checked out to 
Bob Walker on 9/2/99.
Do you want to see any of the above files?  If so, I have the "Filings" File 
at my desk, I can ask Marianne to pull the "Settlement" File or I can check 
with Bob about the "Purchase Accounting" File.
Please let me know.
Robert C Williams@_DEVELOPMENT
08/22/2000 11:43 AM
Would you forward to the correct Michael Brown for me?  Thanks.
Robert C Williams
08/21/2000 11:14 AM
Richard,
Rob has asked for some input on the proposed Draft Hague Convention relating 
to jurisdiction and the enforcement of foreign judgments.   One of the new 
proposals could have implications for trading.   The proposal would arguably 
subject a company to suit in a jurisdiction where it has an accessible 
website for conducting e-commerce.   However, under the Convention this grant 
of jurisdiction would apparently (I am still studying this) be overridden by 
a contractually-agreed forum selection clause.  Do our current e-business 
contracts contain a forum selection clause?  Would you anticipate that we 
would conduct trades in the future without a previously-agreed forum 
selection clause?
Thanks for your help.
Attached is a revised draft of the letter to Jerrel Branson.
5%
Lisa Best@
08/29/2000 03:20 PM
Could you please forward your ECP time for July.  We are trying to finalize 
the invoice tommorow.  Thanks 
Lisa Best@
08/07/2000 11:51 AM
Could you please tell me the percentage/amount of time you spent on East Cost 
Power during the month of July.  In addition, could you scan the list below 
to see if there are any additional employees in your group that spent time on 
ECP, so we can ensure we bill all of our used resources to ECP.  Thanks for 
your cooperation 
***Mary Perkins - Could you forward the number of transaction and accounts.
***Jason Chumley - Could you forward the number of contractor hours and 
help/remote support hours.
HR - Veronica Parra, Nedre Strambler, Fran Mayes, Felicia Solis
Legal - Bob Carter, Travis McCullough, Lisa Mellencamp, Sheila Tweed, Richard 
Sanders, Michelle Cash
Corporate Finance - Joe Deffner, Brian Kerrigan, Lewis Worthy, Mary Perkins
IT - Jason Chumley
Structuring/Technology - Brad Alford, Chris Coffman, Bill Keeney, Catherine 
Clark
Insurance - David Marshall
Richard Shapiro@EES
08/25/2000 05:25 PM
Enclosed is brief backgrounder in preparation for our upcoming meeting with 
Craven Crowell, Chair of the Tennessee Valley Authority, tentatively slotted 
for September 15,2000.  I will be in contact with each of you prior to that 
meeting to provide further information and background. Feel free to call if 
you have any questions.
I am talking to Bill Redmond
Richard Lydecker@
08/29/2000 01:58 PM
Richard I told David Leboe we (I assume you!) would handle this.  Please let 
me know if you need anything from us.  Thanks.  Dick.
As discussed, I received a call this morning from Bill Redmond (440/893-0338) 
who indicated that he is currently representing John Schultes (former CEO of 
NSM) in connection with certain litigation.  He explained that he was trying 
to coordinate depositions from Enron related to this investment 
His view of appropriate Enron team members included:  David Leboe, Brian 
Vass, Brian Barth and Kevin McConville.
He mentioned the existence of a certain memorandum regarding a visit to 
Thailand that Vass and myself performed during late 1998 to address 
accounting and reporting concerns.  I did not comment on the existence of the 
memo.
Please find this memo included as an attachment.  Vass and I performed this 
review at the request of the Origination unit (McConville and Barth) and my 
former boss (Drew Lynch 
Let me know if you have any questions.
.
Marcus Nettelton@
08/28/2000 08:01 AM
Richard
Further to our discussion on Friday, the contact person to speak to about the 
litigation files yo now have concerning MG is Arthur Taylor. He can be 
contacted on 212 715 5635.
He is prepared to assist in bringing you up to speed with the litigation, 
however you should note that he is not an employee of the part of MG which 
Enron purchased and is assisting on a "grace and favor" basis to enable a 
smooth transition. I suggest that there is likely to be a limited window of 
opportunity in which to get the most from any briefing and you should speak 
to him as soon as possible.
Marcus
fyi
RTellis@milbank.com
08/31/2000 08:32 PM
Tom Hatch concluded his examination of Aron Izower today.? Lawyers for the 
other plaintiffs will begin tomorrow.? Izower was a first-year lawyer at 
White & Case when he began working on the NSM offering in Oct. 1997.? The 
senior White & Case lawyers who worked on the deal have either changed firms 
or retired.
Highlights: 
--Hatch spent much of the morning on the off-take agreements and their 
description in the offering memo.? Izower strongly defended offering memo's 
description of the off-take agreements as accurate but would not cooperate 
with Hatch when asked to point out where in the off-take agreements Preussag 
or Klockner were "obligated" to purchase NSM's steel.? Izower's counsel 
objected to the questions as calling for a legal conclusion 
--Hatch walked Izower through the various drafts of the off-take agreements 
and asked if Izower had discussed the changes with the "underwriting group Izower testified that most of the comments were received from Gleacher 
Natwest, McDonald, Cravath and SDI.? Izower produced a responsibility 
schedule concerning certain documents related to the offering with completion 
dates.? Enron/ECT is not mentioned in the document as having had any role in 
the drafting although Izower did mention, as an afterthought, that Enron and 
Paine Webber may also have provided comments on the off-take agreements.
--Hatch established that the offering memo failed to disclose the existence 
of certain material agreements such as: 
a)????? Employment agreements between NSM and Swasdi Horrungruang and NSM and 
Chamni Janchai (who was thought of as being a crook) pursuant to which they 
b)????? A Throughput Agreement between Sriracha Harbor and NSM pursuant to 
which NSM offering proceeds would be diverted to the Harbor (which Swasdi had 
an ownership interest in) and to certain Thai banks who were owed sums from 
the Harbor.? Apparently, the Thai banks were threatening a foreclosure and 
take over of the Harbor jeopardizing NSM's ability to import and export 
materials.? The payment sums are not disclosed.? In less than convincing 
fashion, Izower indicated that the agreement was probably not mentioned in 
the offering memo as it may not have qualified as "related party transaction."
--Izower had no idea why the legal, financial and advisory fees on the NSM 
deal had increased from $29 million to $35 million.
Neal and I are meeting with Nugent in Austin at 9 am on Monday, 4/17.
I can not make this but thanks for the info. I will try to make the meeting 
next Wed. I can not make it this friday.
"JOHN G KLAUBERG"  	09/01/2000 08:28 AM
Richard:  I must admit I feel like a real pain in the ___ since I know how 
much stuff you have going on, but I wanted to see if we could set up a call 
with you with some of our folks working on the Infineum lawsuit so that we 
are in a position to file responsive papers in the case shortly.  As we 
initially discussed, the factual situation relating to East Coast's history 
of dealings with Infineum (formerly Exxon) is incredibly complex as are the 
various contractual and other documents.  Jon Mostel, our principal 
transactions lawyer who has been working for more than a year with East Coast 
Power on the contract with Tosco (i.e., Bayway Refining Company), has been 
instrumental in providing the factual, legal and regulatory predicates for 
the East Coast deal and how Infineum fits into or is affected by that.  We 
have given significant thought over the past few weeks to the underlying 
issues in the case, the relevant precedent as well as the likely strategic 
moves at this point, taking into account the particular federal judge 
assigned to the case.  We would like to walk through our thought process with 
you to obtain your input on the case strategy at this point, particularly if 
Enron has a general policy or pre-disposition on the litigation side to go 
one way or the other from a procedural standpoint subject, of course, to the 
specific facts present in the case.  Could you let me know if there may be a 
convenient  time when you could speak with us.  You could call me or Steve 
Levitsky (212) 424-8309, one of my litigator colleagues here in New York who 
is assisting Stuart in preparing the case.  As I noted in my v-mails, Stuart 
recently has been involved in an ongoing trial in Federal Court in New Jersey 
and Steve has been taking the laboring oar on the necessary research and 
factual investigation and is fully familiar with the case.  Hopefully, we 
could do it before next Wednesday, but if it would be of any help I will be 
in your offices next Wednesday and with a little juggling I could probably 
visit you in your office sometime in the a.m. or afternoon and then plug our 
litigators in by phone.  Perhaps you could reply to this and let me know what 
might work for you.  Thanks.  I hope that you have a good holiday weekend John
" John Klauberg
LeBoeuf, Lamb, Greene & MacRae, L.L.P.
212 424-8125
jklauber@llgm.com
That is the plan--although she doesn't need my family, she can always hang 
out with the Cowan family
"G. Vance Tucker"  	09/01/2000 01:41 PM
Will Julie and/or the boys be coming to Ft Worth for the reunion in Oct?
Marcy may be coming down with the gang, and she'd like some company.
--Vance
... unless I am around someone really important---like a Judge or her family.
Tom Medary  	09/01/2000 10:35 AM
Richard Sanders
richard.b.sanders@  (713) 853-5587w
(713) 668-1935h
Richard likes to be called the great one these days.
I must have misplaced Richard's email/phone # over at Enron.
Do you
have it?
"JOHN G KLAUBERG"  	09/01/2000 08:28 AM
Richard:  I must admit I feel like a real pain in the ___ since I know how 
much stuff you have going on, but I wanted to see if we could set up a call 
with you with some of our folks working on the Infineum lawsuit so that we 
are in a position to file responsive papers in the case shortly.  As we 
initially discussed, the factual situation relating to East Coast's history 
of dealings with Infineum (formerly Exxon) is incredibly complex as are the 
various contractual and other documents.  Jon Mostel, our principal 
transactions lawyer who has been working for more than a year with East Coast 
Power on the contract with Tosco (i.e., Bayway Refining Company), has been 
instrumental in providing the factual, legal and regulatory predicates for 
the East Coast deal and how Infineum fits into or is affected by that.  We 
have given significant thought over the past few weeks to the underlying 
issues in the case, the relevant precedent as well as the likely strategic 
moves at this point, taking into account the particular federal judge 
assigned to the case.  We would like to walk through our thought process with 
you to obtain your input on the case strategy at this point, particularly if 
Enron has a general policy or pre-disposition on the litigation side to go 
one way or the other from a procedural standpoint subject, of course, to the 
specific facts present in the case.  Could you let me know if there may be a 
convenient  time when you could speak with us.  You could call me or Steve 
Levitsky (212) 424-8309, one of my litigator colleagues here in New York who 
is assisting Stuart in preparing the case.  As I noted in my v-mails, Stuart 
recently has been involved in an ongoing trial in Federal Court in New Jersey 
and Steve has been taking the laboring oar on the necessary research and 
factual investigation and is fully familiar with the case.  Hopefully, we 
could do it before next Wednesday, but if it would be of any help I will be 
in your offices next Wednesday and with a little juggling I could probably 
visit you in your office sometime in the a.m. or afternoon and then plug our 
litigators in by phone.  Perhaps you could reply to this and let me know what 
might work for you.  Thanks.  I hope that you have a good holiday weekend John
" John Klauberg
LeBoeuf, Lamb, Greene & MacRae, L.L.P.
212 424-8125
jklauber@llgm.com
Richard B Sanders
07/13/2000 12:39 PM
Bob Hillier@
05/25/2000 06:32 AM
Richard, could you provide me with some information on where we are with the 
retention policy?  My last understanding from you was you were going to work 
on the wording a bit and then get back with me.  As you can see below we are 
at risk from a legal perspective on these cases until we get this policy in 
place.
bbh
Chris Behney@ECT
05/24/2000 02:56 PM
Here is yet another request for e-mail from a long time ago.  Apparently EI 
has these old tapes somewhere (at least Roberto and the users think they 
do).  Any word from Richard Sanders 
CB
Roberto Deleon@
05/24/2000 01:55 PM
Chris,
Gail Brownfeld (Senior Counsel) has required that all EE&CC back up mail 
files be reviewed and any information pertaining to the following files be 
reproduced for the upcoming EE&CC litigation efforts.
1.  Any messages TO or FROM the following people that have the "extension @bv.com for the time period 1992 to date. 
Jim Leblanc
Karl Breckon
Ricky Simon
Frank Hosak
Larry Snyder
Ray McPhail
Bill Fox
John O'Hearn
2.  Also, the following people from Black & Veatch worked in the EECC Houston 
office in 1995 and had Enron mail accounts.  Therefore we would need ANY 
email to/from these accounts:
Eric Odenhouse
Gary Townsend
Robert Wood
Bruce Godsey
John Kruse
Ms. Brownfeld indicated that the document review by Enron's outside counsel 
has a six week window.  This is week two of those six week.  Therefore, it 
has been requested that this task receive top priority 
Please let me know if you have any questions or require addtional information.
Roberto DeLeon
Do these two e-mails relate to the same litigation I sent to you?
Justin Boyd
07/19/2000 04:51 AM
Jeff,
I attach an affidavit in support of MG's claim against Base Metal Trading Ltd 
to release an escrow order over aluminium cargoes held in the Port of 
Baltimore - this also gives a brief description of the facts.
In short, Base Metal Trading have obtained an attachment order in respect of 
the goods; however, MG is claiming that title to the goods is vested in MG I will send you separately other correspondence, and will keep you posted as 
to progress.
Justin
File: Second Stanley Decla (24,576 bytes)
Result: Clean.
Ltd/MGLTD on 07/18/2000 11:04 AM  
Martin Stanley
07/18/2000 11:09 AM
All Ok - Dont you guys ever sleep 
MTS
Please respond to tmullin@MilesStockbridge.com
eSafe Protect Gateway (tm) has scanned this mail for viruses, vandals and
suspicious attachments and has found it to be CLEAN.
File: Second Stanley Decla (24,576 bytes)
Result: Clean.
Sorry.  Here is the attachment.
- Second Stanley Declaration.doc
The information contained in this e-mail message and any files transmitted 
with
it are confidential and may be legally privileged. It is intended only for the
addressee and others authorized to receive it. If you are not the intended
recipient or the person responsible for delivering the message to the intended
recipient you are advised that you have received the e-mail in error and that
any disclosure, copying, distribution or action taken in reliance on the
contents of the e-mail and it's attachments is strictly prohibited and may be
unlawful. Please advise the sender immediately if you are not the intended
recipient.
=09Justin Boyd
=0907/19/2000 04:53 AM
=09=09=20
Jeff,
Further to my earlier e-mail 
Justin
eSafe Protect Gateway (tm) has scanned this mail for viruses, vandals and
suspicious attachments and has found it to be CLEAN.
File: 7L_401!.DOC (19,456 bytes)
Result: Clean.
Justin,
Thank you for your time this morning.
I have attached the relevant copies of messages (Faxes and e-mails) since we
first got wind of the injunction.
Very pleased to help with any questions.
MTS
Orwell shipping  
Originating Author: Paul
FROM: ORWELL SHIPPING SERVICES
DATE: 29-JUN-00 18:17
MSG.: 176090
ATTN BOB KLIDE CC MARTIN STANLEY
MV SALVADOR CP 11.05.00
DISCHARGE BALTIMORE
RETELCON WITH MARTIN PLSD TO RCVE YR FURTHER ADVICE AS WE HAVE SPOKEN
TO OWNERS WHO SAID THEY NOT AWARE OF COURT ORDER AND DISCHARGE
CONTINUES WITHOUT INTERUPTION
WE MAYBE ABLE TO GET SOME INFO FM AGENTS RICE UNRUH REYNOLDS
TEL 410-385-2484 FAX 410-385-2493 MR JERRY WIDDERICH
IN CASE NEEDED AM OF COURSE AVAILABLE EITHER ON MOBILE (377)
680869310 OR HOME (33)493281957
RGDS/PAUL HARTFIELD/ORWELL MONACO
Martin Stanley
06/29/2000 05:19 PM
Orwell shipping  
Originating Author: Paul
FROM: ORWELL SHIPPING SERVICES
DATE: 29-JUN-00 18:17
MSG.: 176090
ATTN BOB KLIDE CC MARTIN STANLEY
MV SALVADOR CP 11.05.00
DISCHARGE BALTIMORE
RETELCON WITH MARTIN PLSD TO RCVE YR FURTHER ADVICE AS WE HAVE SPOKEN
TO OWNERS WHO SAID THEY NOT AWARE OF COURT ORDER AND DISCHARGE
CONTINUES WITHOUT INTERUPTION
WE MAYBE ABLE TO GET SOME INFO FM AGENTS RICE UNRUH REYNOLDS
TEL 410-385-2484 FAX 410-385-2493 MR JERRY WIDDERICH
IN CASE NEEDED AM OF COURSE AVAILABLE EITHER ON MOBILE (377)
680869310 OR HOME (33)493281957
RGDS/PAUL HARTFIELD/ORWELL MONACO
Martin Stanley
06/29/2000 05:30 PM
Fax Sr.@mglimps2. on 06/29/2000 05:10:24 PM
You have just received a new inbound
fax containing a total of 6 pages.
Your fax was received at 29/06/00 17:07:41.
Your entry number in Fax Sr. was 0.2.1984
=0F:(Embedded image moved to file: pic11150.pcx)
=0F:
=0F:(Embedded image moved to file: pic17222.pcx)
=0F:
=0F:
=0F:(Embedded image moved to file: pic16486.pcx)
=0F:
=0F:
=0F:
=0F:(Embedded image moved to file: pic29279.pcx)
=0F:
=0F:
=0F:
=0F:
=0F:(Embedded image moved to file: pic15834.pcx)
=0F:
=0F:
=0F:
=0F:
=0F:
=0F:(Embedded image moved to file: pic24293.pcx)
=0F:
=0F:
=0F:
=0F:
=0F:
=0F:
=0F:
Martin Stanley
06/29/2000 05:47 PM
Lena,
Tried to contact you by phone.
Plse read the attached fax and plse call me on my opening in London.
MTS
Fax Sr.@mglimps2. on 06/29/2000 05:10:24 PM
You have just received a new inbound
fax containing a total of 6 pages.
Your fax was received at 29/06/00 17:07:41.
Your entry number in Fax Sr. was 0.2.1984
=0F:(Embedded image moved to file: pic14907.pcx)
=0F:
=0F:(Embedded image moved to file: pic20995.pcx)
=0F:
=0F:
=0F:(Embedded image moved to file: pic07615.pcx)
=0F:
=0F:
=0F:
=0F:(Embedded image moved to file: pic04095.pcx)
=0F:
=0F:
=0F:
=0F:
=0F:(Embedded image moved to file: pic19666.pcx)
=0F:
=0F:
=0F:
=0F:
=0F:
=0F:(Embedded image moved to file: pic24529.pcx)
=0F:
=0F:
=0F:
=0F:
=0F:
=0F:
=0F:
Orwell shipping  
Originating Author: Paul
FROM: ORWELL SHIPPING SERVICES
DATE: 29-JUN-00 19:20
MSG.: 176125
ATTN MARTIN STANLEY
MV SALVADOR CP 11.05.00
DISCHARGE BALTIMORE
HAVE READ THROUGH THE FAX FM BOB KLIDE AND UNDERSTAND THAT BASE METAL
ARE ARRESTING THE CARGO NOT THE SHIP
I CANNOT TELL FROM THE DOCS IF THIS IS YR CARGO OR NOT.
TRIED TO CALL BUT OF COURSE YR DIRECT LINE OCC
RGDS/PAUL HARTFIELD/ORWELL MONACO
Orwell shipping  
Originating Author: Paul
FROM: ORWELL SHIPPING SERVICES
DATE: 29-JUN-00 19:41
MSG.: 176131
TO MARTIN STANLEY CC BOB KLIDE
WE SPOKE TO RICK TAYLOR AT AGENTS RICE UNRUH REYNOLDS OFFICE
TEL4103852484 AND FOLLOWED UP WITH FLLG MSG
QTE
MV SALVADOR CP 11.05.00 PART CARGO ACCT MG MCC
BS/L REF SPBA 1300000/5/6/7/8 FOR 3582.543 MT ALUMIN
AS EXPLAINED WE ARE SHIPBROKERS AND HAVE FIXED THE A/M PARCEL FOR
ACCT MG MCC ONBOARD MV SALVADOR CURRENTLY UNDER DISCHARGE AT RUCKERTS
WE WOULD APPRECIATE IF YOU WOULD KINDLY KEEP US ADVISED AND PROVIDED
CONVENIENT FOR MSSRS ATKLANTIC RORO READING IN COPY SUGGEST COPY
ORWELL WITH ADVICE CONCERNING DISCHARGE OF THE A/M PARCEL
WE RCVD ADVICE THAT THERE IS A COURT ORDER ISSUED FOR SIEZURE OF PART
OF THE CARGO ALTHOUGH AT TIME OF WRITING WE DO NOT HAVE DETAILS. AS
WE ANTICIPATED AND CONFIRMED DURING OUR TELCON USUAL PRACTICE WOULD
BE FOR THE CARGO UNDER SUCH ATTACHMENT TO BE DISCHARGED FM VSL AND
PLACED IN STORE
WOULD APREC IF YOU WOULD KEEP US INFORMED OF DEVELOPEMENTS SO WE CAN
KNOW STATUS FOR OUR OPNEING IN THE MORNING
TKS YR ASSISTANCE IN ADVANCE
FOR YR EASY REF HERE FOLLOWS OUR FULL STYLE
UNQTE
/PAUL HARTFIELD/ORWELL MONACO
Bob Klide@MGUSA
06/29/2000 06:59 PM
I spoke again with Ely Goldin of Egorov, Puginsky, Afanasiev & Marks, who
represent Base Metals.  I told him we have paid for the material and have=20
clean
bills of lading.  He said they weren't looking to "jam anybody up" and would=20
try
to resolve the situation upon receipt of our paperwork (which I have just
rightful ownership of same.
Unless this matter is otherwise resolved, their intention is to let the vessel
continue discharging and seize the material thereafter.
Rukert Terminals advised me that a U.S. Marshall and two lawyers have already
been onboard the vessel and have confirmed this.  Discharge is continuing with
our cargo expected to be completed by next Wednesday.  I've conferred with our
lawyer, Arthur Taylor, and will fax the documents to Goldin this afternoon,=20
who
will look them over and get back to me tomorrow.
,
Bob Klide
|        |          Martin |        |          Stanley@MGLTD|
|        |          06/29/00 |        |          12:19 PM     
Orwell shipping  
Originating Author: Paul
FROM: ORWELL SHIPPING SERVICES
DATE: 29-JUN-00 18:17
MSG.: 176090
ATTN BOB KLIDE CC MARTIN STANLEY
MV SALVADOR CP 11.05.00
DISCHARGE BALTIMORE
RETELCON WITH MARTIN PLSD TO RCVE YR FURTHER ADVICE AS WE HAVE SPOKEN
TO OWNERS WHO SAID THEY NOT AWARE OF COURT ORDER AND DISCHARGE
CONTINUES WITHOUT INTERUPTION
WE MAYBE ABLE TO GET SOME INFO FM AGENTS RICE UNRUH REYNOLDS
TEL 410-385-2484 FAX 410-385-2493 MR JERRY WIDDERICH
IN CASE NEEDED AM OF COURSE AVAILABLE EITHER ON MOBILE (377)
680869310 OR HOME (33)493281957
RGDS/PAUL HARTFIELD/ORWELL MONACO
Martin Stanley
06/30/2000 07:21 AM
Orwell shipping  
Originating Author: Paul
FROM: ORWELL SHIPPING SERVICES
DATE: 29-JUN-00 19:41
MSG.: 176131
TO MARTIN STANLEY CC BOB KLIDE
WE SPOKE TO RICK TAYLOR AT AGENTS RICE UNRUH REYNOLDS OFFICE
TEL4103852484 AND FOLLOWED UP WITH FLLG MSG
QTE
MV SALVADOR CP 11.05.00 PART CARGO ACCT MG MCC
BS/L REF SPBA 1300000/5/6/7/8 FOR 3582.543 MT ALUMIN
AS EXPLAINED WE ARE SHIPBROKERS AND HAVE FIXED THE A/M PARCEL FOR
ACCT MG MCC ONBOARD MV SALVADOR CURRENTLY UNDER DISCHARGE AT RUCKERTS
WE WOULD APPRECIATE IF YOU WOULD KINDLY KEEP US ADVISED AND PROVIDED
CONVENIENT FOR MSSRS ATKLANTIC RORO READING IN COPY SUGGEST COPY
ORWELL WITH ADVICE CONCERNING DISCHARGE OF THE A/M PARCEL
WE RCVD ADVICE THAT THERE IS A COURT ORDER ISSUED FOR SIEZURE OF PART
OF THE CARGO ALTHOUGH AT TIME OF WRITING WE DO NOT HAVE DETAILS. AS
WE ANTICIPATED AND CONFIRMED DURING OUR TELCON USUAL PRACTICE WOULD
BE FOR THE CARGO UNDER SUCH ATTACHMENT TO BE DISCHARGED FM VSL AND
PLACED IN STORE
WOULD APREC IF YOU WOULD KEEP US INFORMED OF DEVELOPEMENTS SO WE CAN
KNOW STATUS FOR OUR OPNEING IN THE MORNING
TKS YR ASSISTANCE IN ADVANCE
FOR YR EASY REF HERE FOLLOWS OUR FULL STYLE
UNQTE
/PAUL HARTFIELD/ORWELL MONACO
Martin Stanley
06/30/2000 07:49 AM
Lena,
Further our telecon on Friday 30th June we are pleased to copy you in on a
message we received from our NYK office
Plse call MTS to discuss.
0044 207 265 2404 (Office)
0044 780 857 8816 (Mobile)
MTS
Bob Klide@MGUSA
06/29/2000 06:59 PM
I spoke again with Ely Goldin of Egorov, Puginsky, Afanasiev & Marks, who
represent Base Metals.  I told him we have paid for the material and have=20
clean
bills of lading.  He said they weren't looking to "jam anybody up" and would=20
try
to resolve the situation upon receipt of our paperwork (which I have just
rightful ownership of same.
Unless this matter is otherwise resolved, their intention is to let the vessel
continue discharging and seize the material thereafter.
Rukert Terminals advised me that a U.S. Marshall and two lawyers have already
been onboard the vessel and have confirmed this.  Discharge is continuing with
our cargo expected to be completed by next Wednesday.  I've conferred with our
lawyer, Arthur Taylor, and will fax the documents to Goldin this afternoon,=20
who
will look them over and get back to me tomorrow.
,
Bob Klide
|        |          Martin |        |          Stanley@MGLTD|
|        |          06/29/00 |        |          12:19 PM     
Orwell shipping  
Originating Author: Paul
FROM: ORWELL SHIPPING SERVICES
DATE: 29-JUN-00 18:17
MSG.: 176090
ATTN BOB KLIDE CC MARTIN STANLEY
MV SALVADOR CP 11.05.00
DISCHARGE BALTIMORE
RETELCON WITH MARTIN PLSD TO RCVE YR FURTHER ADVICE AS WE HAVE SPOKEN
TO OWNERS WHO SAID THEY NOT AWARE OF COURT ORDER AND DISCHARGE
CONTINUES WITHOUT INTERUPTION
WE MAYBE ABLE TO GET SOME INFO FM AGENTS RICE UNRUH REYNOLDS
TEL 410-385-2484 FAX 410-385-2493 MR JERRY WIDDERICH
IN CASE NEEDED AM OF COURSE AVAILABLE EITHER ON MOBILE (377)
680869310 OR HOME (33)493281957
RGDS/PAUL HARTFIELD/ORWELL MONACO
elenag@rual.ru on 06/30/2000 07:46:12 AM
Martin,
message received, thanks. Have forwarded it to Sergey. Pls note Sergey's
email address is sergeybu@rual.ru
Talk to you later.
Lena
Lena,
Further our telecon on Friday 30th June we are pleased to copy you in on a
message we received from our NYK office
Plse call MTS to discuss.
0044 207 265 2404 (Office)
0044 780 857 8816 (Mobile)
MTS
Bob Klide@MGUSA
06/29/2000 06:59 PM
I spoke again with Ely Goldin of Egorov, Puginsky, Afanasiev & Marks, who
represent Base Metals.  I told him we have paid for the material and have
clean
bills of lading.  He said they weren't looking to "jam anybody up" and would
try
to resolve the situation upon receipt of our paperwork (which I have just
our
rightful ownership of same.
Unless this matter is otherwise resolved, their intention is to let the
vessel
continue discharging and seize the material thereafter.
Rukert Terminals advised me that a U.S. Marshall and two lawyers have
already
been onboard the vessel and have confirmed this.  Discharge is continuing
with
our cargo expected to be completed by next Wednesday.  I've conferred with
our
lawyer, Arthur Taylor, and will fax the documents to Goldin this afternoon,
who
will look them over and get back to me tomorrow.
,
Bob Klide
|        |          Martin |        |          Stanley@MGLTD|
|        |          06/29/00 |        |          12:19 PM     
Orwell shipping  
Originating Author: Paul
FROM: ORWELL SHIPPING SERVICES
DATE: 29-JUN-00 18:17
MSG.: 176090
ATTN BOB KLIDE CC MARTIN STANLEY
MV SALVADOR CP 11.05.00
DISCHARGE BALTIMORE
RETELCON WITH MARTIN PLSD TO RCVE YR FURTHER ADVICE AS WE HAVE SPOKEN
TO OWNERS WHO SAID THEY NOT AWARE OF COURT ORDER AND DISCHARGE
CONTINUES WITHOUT INTERUPTION
WE MAYBE ABLE TO GET SOME INFO FM AGENTS RICE UNRUH REYNOLDS
TEL 410-385-2484 FAX 410-385-2493 MR JERRY WIDDERICH
IN CASE NEEDED AM OF COURSE AVAILABLE EITHER ON MOBILE (377)
680869310 OR HOME (33)493281957
RGDS/PAUL HARTFIELD/ORWELL MONACO
The information contained in this e-mail message and any files transmitted
with
it are confidential and may be legally privileged. It is intended only for
the
addressee and others authorized to receive it. If you are not the intended
recipient or the person responsible for delivering the message to the
intended
recipient you are advised that you have received the e-mail in error and
that
any disclosure, copying, distribution or action taken in reliance on the
contents of the e-mail and it's attachments is strictly prohibited and may
be
unlawful. Please advise the sender immediately if you are not the intended
recipient.
Bob Klide@MGUSA
06/30/2000 02:24 PM
Ely Goldin, one of Base Metals' attorneys, confirmed receipt of the documents=20
I
faxed him.  He's passed them on to his U.S. managing partner, who is in their
Moscow office, and hopes to revert today.
,
Bob Klide
I spoke again with Ely Goldin of Egorov, Puginsky, Afanasiev & Marks, who
represent Base Metals.  I told him we have paid for the material and have=20
clean
bills of lading.  He said they weren't looking to "jam anybody up" and would=20
try
to resolve the situation upon receipt of our paperwork (which I have just
rightful ownership of same.
Unless this matter is otherwise resolved, their intention is to let the vessel
continue discharging and seize the material thereafter.
Rukert Terminals advised me that a U.S. Marshall and two lawyers have already
been onboard the vessel and have confirmed this.  Discharge is continuing with
our cargo expected to be completed by next Wednesday.  I've conferred with our
lawyer, Arthur Taylor, and will fax the documents to Goldin this afternoon,=20
who
will look them over and get back to me tomorrow.
,
Bob Klide
|        |          Martin |        |          Stanley@MGLTD|
|        |          06/29/00 |        |          12:19 PM     
Orwell shipping  
Originating Author: Paul
FROM: ORWELL SHIPPING SERVICES
DATE: 29-JUN-00 18:17
MSG.: 176090
ATTN BOB KLIDE CC MARTIN STANLEY
MV SALVADOR CP 11.05.00
DISCHARGE BALTIMORE
RETELCON WITH MARTIN PLSD TO RCVE YR FURTHER ADVICE AS WE HAVE SPOKEN
TO OWNERS WHO SAID THEY NOT AWARE OF COURT ORDER AND DISCHARGE
CONTINUES WITHOUT INTERUPTION
WE MAYBE ABLE TO GET SOME INFO FM AGENTS RICE UNRUH REYNOLDS
TEL 410-385-2484 FAX 410-385-2493 MR JERRY WIDDERICH
IN CASE NEEDED AM OF COURSE AVAILABLE EITHER ON MOBILE (377)
680869310 OR HOME (33)493281957
RGDS/PAUL HARTFIELD/ORWELL MONACO
Bob Klide@MGUSA
06/30/2000 07:28 PM
Have unsuccessfully tried to contact Ely Goldin a number of times this
afternoon.  After speaking with Arthur Taylor, I sent Goldin a fax requiring
their confirmation by the opening of business on Wednesday, July 5th that the
seizure has been or immediately will be revoked or we will be required to go=20
to
the court to recognize our title to the material and hold Base Metals
responsible for any and all damages/losses.  I'll be out the balance of next
week but will be reachable.  Sandra Torres has all of the necessary phone
numbers.
,
Bob Klide
Ely Goldin, one of Base Metals' attorneys, confirmed receipt of the documents=20
I
faxed him.  He's passed them on to his U.S. managing partner, who is in their
Moscow office, and hopes to revert today.
,
Bob Klide
I spoke again with Ely Goldin of Egorov, Puginsky, Afanasiev & Marks, who
represent Base Metals.  I told him we have paid for the material and have=20
clean
bills of lading.  He said they weren't looking to "jam anybody up" and would=20
try
to resolve the situation upon receipt of our paperwork (which I have just
rightful ownership of same.
Unless this matter is otherwise resolved, their intention is to let the vessel
continue discharging and seize the material thereafter.
Rukert Terminals advised me that a U.S. Marshall and two lawyers have already
been onboard the vessel and have confirmed this.  Discharge is continuing with
our cargo expected to be completed by next Wednesday.  I've conferred with our
lawyer, Arthur Taylor, and will fax the documents to Goldin this afternoon,=20
who
will look them over and get back to me tomorrow.
,
Bob Klide
|        |          Martin |        |          Stanley@MGLTD|
|        |          06/29/00 |        |          12:19 PM     
Orwell shipping  
Originating Author: Paul
FROM: ORWELL SHIPPING SERVICES
DATE: 29-JUN-00 18:17
MSG.: 176090
ATTN BOB KLIDE CC MARTIN STANLEY
MV SALVADOR CP 11.05.00
DISCHARGE BALTIMORE
RETELCON WITH MARTIN PLSD TO RCVE YR FURTHER ADVICE AS WE HAVE SPOKEN
TO OWNERS WHO SAID THEY NOT AWARE OF COURT ORDER AND DISCHARGE
CONTINUES WITHOUT INTERUPTION
WE MAYBE ABLE TO GET SOME INFO FM AGENTS RICE UNRUH REYNOLDS
TEL 410-385-2484 FAX 410-385-2493 MR JERRY WIDDERICH
IN CASE NEEDED AM OF COURSE AVAILABLE EITHER ON MOBILE (377)
680869310 OR HOME (33)493281957
RGDS/PAUL HARTFIELD/ORWELL MONACO
Martin Stanley
07/03/2000 11:09 AM
Attached received from Aluminium of Siberia
MTS
Fax Sr.@mglimps2. on 07/03/2000 09:57:30 AM
You have just received a new inbound
fax containing a total of 19 pages.
Your fax was received at 03/07/00 09:56:51.
Your entry number in Fax Sr. was 0.2.2450
=0F:(Embedded image moved to file: pic32225.pcx)
=0F:
=0F:(Embedded image moved to file: pic17464.pcx)
=0F:
=0F:
=0F:(Embedded image moved to file: pic24207.pcx)
=0F:
=0F:
=0F:
=0F:(Embedded image moved to file: pic06824.pcx)
=0F:
=0F:
=0F:
=0F:
=0F:(Embedded image moved to file: pic02927.pcx)
=0F:
=0F:
=0F:
=0F:
=0F:
=0F:(Embedded image moved to file: pic13968.pcx)
=0F:
=0F:
=0F:
=0F:
=0F:
=0F:
=0F:(Embedded image moved to file: pic14013.pcx)
=0F:
=0F:
=0F:
=0F:
=0F:
=0F:
=0F:
=0F:(Embedded image moved to file: pic00954.pcx)
=0F:
=0F:
=0F:
=0F:
=0F:
=0F:
=0F:
=0F:
=0F:(Embedded image moved to file: pic32169.pcx)
=0F:
=0F:
=0F:
=0F:
=0F:
=0F:
=0F:
=0F:
=0F:
=0F:(Embedded image moved to file: pic20700.pcx)
=0F:
=0F:
=0F:
=0F:
=0F:
=0F:
=0F:
=0F:
=0F:
=0F:
=0F:(Embedded image moved to file: pic10544.pcx)
=0F:
=0F:
=0F:
=0F:
=0F:
=0F:
=0F:
=0F:
=0F:
=0F:
=0F:
=0F:(Embedded image moved to file: pic11162.pcx)
=0F:
=0F:
=0F:
=0F:
=0F:
=0F:
=0F:
=0F:
=0F:
=0F:
=0F:
=0F:
=0F:(Embedded image moved to file: pic16031.pcx)
=0F:
=0F:
=0F:
=0F:
=0F:
=0F:
=0F:
=0F:
=0F:
=0F:
=0F:
=0F:
=0F:
=0F:(Embedded image moved to file: pic16759.pcx)
=0F:
=0F:
=0F:
=0F:
=0F:
=0F:
=0F:
=0F:
=0F:
=0F:
=0F:
=0F:
=0F:
=0F:
=0F:(Embedded image moved to file: pic09512.pcx)
=0F:
=0F:
=0F:
=0F:
=0F:
=0F:
=0F:
=0F:
=0F:
=0F:
=0F:
=0F:
=0F:
=0F:
=0F:
=0F:(Embedded image moved to file: pic05525.pcx)
=0F:
=0F:
=0F:
=0F:
=0F:
=0F:
=0F:
=0F:
=0F:
=0F:
=0F:
=0F:
=0F:
=0F:
=0F:
=0F:
=0F:(Embedded image moved to file: pic04411.pcx)
=0F:
=0F:
=0F:
=0F:
=0F:
=0F:
=0F:
=0F:
=0F:
=0F:
=0F:
=0F:
=0F:
=0F:
=0F:
=0F:
=0F:
=0F:(Embedded image moved to file: pic06453.pcx)
=0F:
=0F:
=0F:
=0F:
=0F:
=0F:
=0F:
=0F:
=0F:
=0F:
=0F:
=0F:
=0F:
=0F:
=0F:
=0F:
=0F:
=0F:
=0F:(Embedded image moved to file: pic11129.pcx)
=0F:
=0F:
=0F:
=0F:
=0F:
=0F:
=0F:
=0F:
=0F:
=0F:
=0F:
=0F:
=0F:
=0F:
=0F:
=0F:
=0F:
=0F:
=0F:
=0F:
Orwell shipping  
Originating Author: Paul
FROM: ORWELL SHIPPING SERVICES
DATE: 04-JUL-00 07:56
MSG.: 178929
ATTN MARTIN STANLEY
MV SALVADOR CP 11.05.00
FLLG RCVD ONIGHT DIRECT FM SHIPAGENT ATTENDNG VSL AT BALTIMORE
TO ORWELL SHIPPING SERVICES, MONTE CARLO / VIA EMAIL
ATTN: PAUL HARTFIELD
CC ATLANTIC RORO CARRIERS / V. PANTCHENKO
FR RICE, UNRUH, REYNOLDS CO., PHILA.
RE: SALVADOR - VOY R0-13
BL'S SPBA 1200000/5/6/7/8 - 3582.543 MT ALUM
AS OF THIS MORNING SUBJECT CARGO ABOUT 1/2 DISCHARGED;
EXPECT COMPLETE DISCHARGE 6TH OR 7TH.  REGRET TO ADVISE THAT
THOSE FOUR BILLS OF LADING WERE THIS MORNING LIENED ON THE
TERMINAL, WE UNDERSTAND IN CONNECTION WITH A JUDGEMENT
AGAINST THE PRODUCING MILLIN RUSSIA.
FOR DETAILS OF LIEN YOU SHOULD CONTACT RUCKERT TERMINAL,
RICK WOLF PHONE 410-276-1013 FAX 410-327-2315.
KEEP IN MIND TOMORROW IS JULY 4TH HOLIDAY WITH NO ONE
WORKING.
B'RGDS,
RICK TAYLOR
UNQTE
SUPPOSE BOB KLIDE IS ALREADY ON TO IT. IF YOU BELIEVE WE CAN BE OF
ASSISTANCE PLS ADVISE.
RGDS/PAUL HARTFIELD/ORWELL MONACO
Martin Stanley
07/04/2000 08:20 AM
Bob, Nicole and Jean,
WELCOME BACK 
Following received from Orwell............. (Plse see attached below)
Now we have to act quickly, but all moving in the same direction.
If we assume the entire cargo will be attached once the discharge operation=20
has
finished, then we should all realise that this represents $5,000,000.00 of our
money tied up on the quay, not to mention the inability to deliver against our
existing commitments.
We have couriered about 60 pages of further documents we received from=20
Aluminium
of Siberia proving the chain of ownership from the smelter to Aluminium of
Siberia and with copies of the RWB showing the metal was all despatched within
April from the smelter.
Have we placed Base metal on notice that now they have attached the metal we
reserve the right to counter sue for all costs and expenses WE may suffer as a
result of their attaching metal to which we have clear title 
Talk to the court in Maryland and establish what additional documentation they
actually require for us to prove beyond doubt that the metal is ours.
Speak to our lawyer and ask 'What should we do next 
MTS
Orwell shipping  
Originating Author: Paul
FROM: ORWELL SHIPPING SERVICES
DATE: 04-JUL-00 07:56
MSG.: 178929
ATTN MARTIN STANLEY
MV SALVADOR CP 11.05.00
FLLG RCVD ONIGHT DIRECT FM SHIPAGENT ATTENDNG VSL AT BALTIMORE
TO ORWELL SHIPPING SERVICES, MONTE CARLO / VIA EMAIL
ATTN: PAUL HARTFIELD
CC ATLANTIC RORO CARRIERS / V. PANTCHENKO
FR RICE, UNRUH, REYNOLDS CO., PHILA.
RE: SALVADOR - VOY R0-13
BL'S SPBA 1200000/5/6/7/8 - 3582.543 MT ALUM
AS OF THIS MORNING SUBJECT CARGO ABOUT 1/2 DISCHARGED;
EXPECT COMPLETE DISCHARGE 6TH OR 7TH.  REGRET TO ADVISE THAT
THOSE FOUR BILLS OF LADING WERE THIS MORNING LIENED ON THE
TERMINAL, WE UNDERSTAND IN CONNECTION WITH A JUDGEMENT
AGAINST THE PRODUCING MILLIN RUSSIA.
FOR DETAILS OF LIEN YOU SHOULD CONTACT RUCKERT TERMINAL,
RICK WOLF PHONE 410-276-1013 FAX 410-327-2315.
KEEP IN MIND TOMORROW IS JULY 4TH HOLIDAY WITH NO ONE
WORKING.
B'RGDS,
RICK TAYLOR
UNQTE
SUPPOSE BOB KLIDE IS ALREADY ON TO IT. IF YOU BELIEVE WE CAN BE OF
ASSISTANCE PLS ADVISE.
RGDS/PAUL HARTFIELD/ORWELL MONACO
Sam Hainsworth
07/04/2000 12:57 PM
For the avoidance of doubt no correspondence should be sent
to any of the counterparties unless it has been approved by the
lawyers.Martin Stanley is coordinating our response and should
be appraised of all correspndence,either verbal or written.
Marc Rich/Novarco are some way further down the track in their
similar problem and expect to have their case heard over the next
few days in New jersey.We should keep appraised of their progress.
As   our stance I think that we should now take steps to hold
the plaintiff responsible for any costs incurred due to the attatchment
and we should ask the court to require the m to post a bond against
such costs.
Any comments welcome
sam
Orwell shipping  
Originating Author: Bart
FROM: ORWELL SHIPPING SERVICES
DATE: 05-JUL-00 15:18
MSG.: 180566
MARTIN/BART
LIEN IN USA
MARTIN SORRY ABOUT DELAY REPLYING RE LIEN QUESTION
WE WERE TRYING TO GET HOLD OF LONDON SHIPPING LAWYER FREIND WHO
GIVES AS FREE TELCON ADVICE
ANYWAY COULDN'T GET HIM OUT OF COURT
SO MY OPINION IS THAT US LAW NOT VERY DIFF FROM UK LAW IN RESPECT OF
THE REQUIREMENT TO PROVE WHERE OWNERSHIP LIES.
ITS VERY EASY TO GET A US JUDGE WHO DOES NOT KNOW SHIPPING TO ISSUE
A LIEN ON THE CARGO AS THEY DO NOT PROPERLY CHECK THE 'REAL'
OWNERSHIP.
IN THE END DESPITE THE FACT THE THE COURT HAS ALLOWED THE LIEN YOU
SHOULD BE ABLE TO GET THE CARGO RELEASED PROVIDING YOU CAN PROVE THAT
YOU OWN THE PROPERTY AND NOVOKUZNETSK NO LONGER DOES.
OVERAGED INSURANCE - I WILL LOOK THROUGH AND COMMENT
BART ORWELL MC
BobbyK0829@aol.com on 07/05/2000 02:21:29 PM
Spoke with Sandra Torres this morning.  She advised me we've had no further
correspondence from the Base Metals attorney, Ely Goldin, and a copy of an
e-mail from you indicates that the material is definitely being seized.  I
told her to speak with our attorney, Art Taylor, to determine what steps he
wants to take next.
I'll be reachable most of the day if you need me.  My home phone numbers are
516-489-3116 or 516-489-9291.  An overseas call to my private cell phone
would be prohibitively expensive, but Sandy Torres has it if I need to be
reached.
I'd appreciate copies of any e-mails on this subject to this e-mail address,
bobbyk0829@aol.com, so I can keep on top of this.  I've also told Sandy to
check with Rukert Terminal to determine when discharge is complete and to
advise you accordingly.
Bob Klide
Martin Stanley
07/05/2000 03:06 PM
Herewith Orwell's view 
MTS
Orwell shipping  
Originating Author: Bart
FROM: ORWELL SHIPPING SERVICES
DATE: 05-JUL-00 15:18
MSG.: 180566
MARTIN/BART
LIEN IN USA
MARTIN SORRY ABOUT DELAY REPLYING RE LIEN QUESTION
WE WERE TRYING TO GET HOLD OF LONDON SHIPPING LAWYER FREIND WHO
GIVES AS FREE TELCON ADVICE
ANYWAY COULDN'T GET HIM OUT OF COURT
SO MY OPINION IS THAT US LAW NOT VERY DIFF FROM UK LAW IN RESPECT OF
THE REQUIREMENT TO PROVE WHERE OWNERSHIP LIES.
ITS VERY EASY TO GET A US JUDGE WHO DOES NOT KNOW SHIPPING TO ISSUE
A LIEN ON THE CARGO AS THEY DO NOT PROPERLY CHECK THE 'REAL'
OWNERSHIP.
IN THE END DESPITE THE FACT THE THE COURT HAS ALLOWED THE LIEN YOU
SHOULD BE ABLE TO GET THE CARGO RELEASED PROVIDING YOU CAN PROVE THAT
YOU OWN THE PROPERTY AND NOVOKUZNETSK NO LONGER DOES.
OVERAGED INSURANCE - I WILL LOOK THROUGH AND COMMENT
BART ORWELL MC
BobbyK0829@aol.com on 07/06/2000 03:31:59 AM
It's 10:30 PM here and I haven't seen any correspondence relating to the
"Salvador" from anybody.
Martin, I managed to finally get hold of Ely Goldin at about 5 PM.  He said
he was going to e-mail me a copy of a fax he was sending but I never saw it.
I told him in no uncertain terms that he was indeed "jamming us up" and that
if our material wasn't released to us, we'd have to cover our nearby
commitments from other sources at huge cost and would hold Base Metals
responsible.  He said he needed to establish some link between Aluminium of
Siberia and the Russian smelter and he wondered why the shipper on the bills
of lading was Unimetal (or Uni something - I don't quite remember the name)
and what was their relationship to Alum. of Siberia.  I told him we bought it
in good faith and there may have been any number of companies in the chain
who were really of no concern to us.  At that point, Art Taylor was calling
him on the other line.  I decided that call was more important so we ended
the conversation.
I trust you have since received an e-mailed update from Sandy as to the
contents of their phone call with Goldin (which someone please e-mail to me).
I'll be out of the house all day tomorrow but will have my cell phone with
me, although I expect to be out of range most of the time.  I'll call the
office late morning/early afternoon to get an update.  Sandy, since Art is on
vacation, did he suggest that Greg Clausson might be of assistance?  He might
be more readily available to file any necessary legal papers, unless he's
also on vacation.
Bob Klide
Martin:
Thank you for your time in discussing this with us. We will email and fax
you a draft affidavit as soon as we are able to get one prepared. Should you
need us, please call or contact us at one of the references shown below:
Mark Gately Office-410.385.3643
Home- 410.841.6122
Cell 410.218.2715
Fax 410.385.3700
Tim Mullin  Office-410.385.3641
Home-410.560.2018
Home fax-410.560.2018
Cell-410.458.7214
Fax 410.385.3400
Scott Haiber Office-410.385.3637
Home- 410.836.5332
Thank you. Rock n' Roll.
Mark D. Gately
Miles & Stockbridge, PC
10 Light Street
Baltimore, MD. 21202
410.385.3643
mgately@milesstockbridge.com
Martin:
Here are wiring instructions for the Miles & Stockbridge account.
Mark
Martin Stanley
07/10/2000 12:18 PM
Pleased to recap CURRENT situation as follows:
On Friday 7th July, Judge Garbis (District of Maryland) ordered that the
attachment of our metal be vacated (i.e. released), but that ANY proceeds from
any sales be paid to:
Bank of America,
10 Light Street,
Baltimore,
MD 21202
Account name: Miles and Stockbridge P.C.
Account number: 00 200 382 2806 (Escrow).
We intend to challenge this condition immediately - hopefully Tuesday /
Wednesday (11th / 12th July).
Judge Garbis appears to be on our side, but since this was a 'Friday=20
afternoon'
judgement he has allowed Base Metals a little more time to try and prove we=20
were
involved in some 'fraud'.
The Judge told their lawyers that he could see NO indication of any such
evidence and that they had to 'put up or shut up'
MTS
Mr. Martin Stanley
MG Metals - London
Tel:  011-44-207-265-2404
Mobile:  011-44-780-857-8816
Email:  martin.stanley@mgmcc.co.uk
Dear Martin,
In reference to our phone discussion, please find below full details of our
attorney who has been working on this problem.
Mr. Scott Markowitz
Markowitz & Rabbach
100 Jericho Quadrangle - Suite 115
Jericho, NY  11753
Tel:  516-822-7888
Fax: 516-822-7907
Email:  mrlawfirm@aol.com
He has done an excellent job so far and we hope to have some results later
this week.
,
Bruce Markowitz
NOVARCO LTD.
Martin:
Sorry I was unable to catch up with you on Monday; I tried your office and
"cell" phone, but called too late in the day.
I think we should keep pushing here. I'm inclined to send Ely and company a
letter suggesting that they now have enough documentation to show them that
MG does, indeed, own the metal and that they should voluntarily release the
escrow arrangement. I would combine that with a representation that both MG
Corp and MG Ltd are quite solvent and more than able to cover a $5MM loss in
the extremely unlikely event that Base Metals could ever prove to a court
that MG owed that amount to them. I would couple this with a request that we
have an all parties conference call no later than Wednesday to discuss our
respective positions. If we can not achieve a result satisfactory to us,
then I feel we should go back to the court, probably no earlier than Monday
so as not to make it look to Judge Garbis that we are being excessively
aggressive.
Our easiest argument to the court at this early stage is probably one based
on our solvency, i.e., "Judge there is no need for you to escrow MG's money,
Ricki Winters 
Assistant to Shelley Corman 
ETS Gas Logistics 
(713) 853-5754 
ECN4107 
Yes, I'm taking off tomorrow.  Wish you could too.  I'm planning on taking Chad to the Zoo.
That will work for me.  I assume you will be taking tomorrow off.  Good for
you.  I love you.
Hi Cyndi,
Chad does not have soccer practice tonight so we are free to meet for
dinner pretty much anytime.  I know you are trying to tie up loose ends
at the office and I could stand to work a little late tonight.   How
does 7 PM at Cafe Express sound? 
Kim, can you pick up Chad and meet me there?  Gaby says she may take
Chad to Lucas later this afternoon.  Please pay Gaby if you see her as I have given her the day off tomorrow.
Hi,
Sorry I didn't get back to you yesterday.  Chad had soccer practice last night & I have something I must do tonight.  I'm taking the day off tomorrow.  Would there be a good time to visit tomorrow?  When is Tom home from school - so he and Chad could play.  Or, if you'd rather, I'd be happy to sit with Kathleen or the kids anytime this weekend.
Two other items when you get a chance:
-Are you still selling Nutcraker tickets?  I can't recall the date.
-Are you still interested in me selling Shopping Cards at Enron.  I need to reserve dates/table space in lobby.
Hope all is well.  Talk to you soon.
Shelley
Hi Cyndi,
Chad does not have soccer practice tonight so we are free to meet for dinner pretty much anytime.  I know you are trying to tie up loose ends at the office and I could stand to work a little late tonight.   How does 7 PM at Cafe Express sound? 
Kim, can you pick up Chad and meet me there?  Gaby says she may take Chad to Lucas later this afternoon.  Please pay Gaby if you see her -- as I have given her the day off tomorrow.
Per Jan's recent Commission meeting summary I just noticed the Commission had added a discussion item on OFOs.  They didn't get to this at yesterday's meeting, but will take up on Oct. 11.  Help Joe -- what is this about?  Is there some possibility of the FERC curbing our ability to use OFOs?  This is an absolutely critical tool for us to keep -- even though we seldom use.  Where/when can we make our case.
RE:
G-33. DOCKET# GX01-1 000 Discussion of Gas Pipeline Operational Flow Orders 
Could you please send some insight into the Gas Pipeline Operational flow item?
The Commission meeting yesterday, chaired by Pat Wood, consisted of discussions on FERC's:
Administrative Issues
?=09Strategic and 2002 Business Plan
Priorities for the strategic plan for 2001 through 2005 were outlined yesterday and include a) promoting secure, high-quality environmentally responsible energy infrastructure with consistent policies; b) encouraging competitive markets in lieu of traditional regulation; c) protection of markets/customers through fair market oversight; and d) efficiently running FERC. In reaching these goals, FERC intends several initiatives such as removing impediments to market investment, encouraging use of new technology; continuing to advance competitive markets; addressing landowner, safety and environmental concerns and striving for clarity not only in specific areas such as cost recovery but also in communications to stakeholders. Shortly, Staff will be recommending a twelve-month plan as part of the overall strategic plan.
?=09Infrastructure Adequacy
There will be a series of open commission meetings held throughout the U.S. beginning in November in the West; in December or early spring a meeting will be held in the northeast and later in 2002 for the Midwest and south. The intent is to reach out to the states for greater cohesion.
?=09California Infrastructure Update
Staff concluded that the California natural gas market for take-away capacity was insufficient to accept delivery of all interstate capacity. The California Energy Commission released a report on September 24 that agrees that more expansion in California is needed.=20
Constraint Study
FERC will complete a constraint study with associated costs that should be completed by November 7, 2001. Staff cited constraints in central New York state and California. Massey asked if the study was to provide solutions or recommendations. It is a study to identify the constrained areas and the resulting costs to consumers.
RTO
FERC is imposing additional "incentives" to encourage the formation or joining in RTOs. The Midwest, Northeast and Southeast RTOs will be considered at a FERC meeting in October. There will be a series of meetings in "RTO week" to focus on congestion management, cost recovery, marketing monitoring, transmission planning, reliability standards and transmission rights. A NOPR is expected to be issued on market design and structure.
Marketing Affiliate NOPR, RM01-10
The Notice of Propose Rulemaking would apply one set of rules across both natural gas pipelines and electric utilities. Under the proposal, transmission providers must operate independently and treat all customers on a nondiscriminatory basis.  The rules would be codified in a new section of the regulations and would broaden the definition of affiliate to include all "energy affiliates."  The only exception noted in the discussion was the exclusion of Regional Transmission Organizations (RTOs) from the definition of energy affiliates.   =20
The Commission was presented two options to address the applicability of the rule to public utilities' native load merchant functions.     =20
Option A:  Status Quo - the rule would not apply to the bundled retail merchant function.
Option B:  The rule applies to the bundled retail merchant function and would prohibit merchant employees from having access to the control room of the utility.=20
After extensive discussion, the NOPR was approved 4-0 with additional language added on behalf of Commissioner Breathitt to state that Option B may not be included in the final rule and encourage comments by affected parties and the States.
Massey questioned whether the NOPR is primarily focusing on broadening the definition of "energy" affiliate and whether there are any energy-type affiliates that would be exempt. Staff responded that the emphasis is on broadening the definition to include all "energy affiliates" and no energy-type marketing affiliates would be exempt, except RTO's.
The proposed rule extents the current prohibition against disclosing certain information to all "energy affiliates".  The rules do not directly govern energy affiliates, but they govern the disclosure of information and the separation of transmission employees, officers and directors from other businesses.=20
Under the proposal, waivers may be requested, if operationally required or under emergency protocols particularly for small systems.
Gas Pipeline Operational Flow
FERC has tabled this item for the next public meeting on October 11.=20
Suzanne,
Next time you talk to Liz Gras would you pass along my phone number and email.  I am anxious to correspond with her and see where she is in the process and her thoughts about travel plans.
I know that the adoption agency wants to group the Taraz families together for court dates/travel.  One of the other Houston families (Swangos) has made progress on their dossier and turned in their INS approval.  The other (the Westbrooks) haven't yet applied for passports or begun their dossier.  I want to be very supportive and accomodate all the families -- after all the goal line is home for all these children.  At the same time, I need to form realistic concepts of likely timeframes for our family.  I think talking to Liz will be helpful on this front.
Thanks for all your help.  After you make the homestudy changes noted below you will resend to Gwyn?  Then she'll send to me to send to INS?  Probably sometime next week?
I'm planning to take a vacation day tomorrow -- and the type A person that I am, I'm just afraid that I'll miss some important action that I should be taking.  You can reach me on my cell at 713-857-2103 if you need to reach me tomorrow.
Shelley,
We will need to change the address and then get it all signed again.  It is good to know that the study overall meets their requirements.  This is probably going to take a few more days.  Still, it is better to have all of this taken care of now than to have someone send the study back.
Sorry for the delay. 
Suzanne  
Dear Suzanne, 
I reviewed the homestudy you emailed to Ginger and it looks good.Please 
change the address for Across the World to :399 Taylor Boulevard,Suite 
102, 
Pleasant Hill, California 94523.That is the address for the main office in 
Calif. I did notice that MARITAL was spelled marial in the marital 
section. 
I'm sure your spellcheck probably caught it.I noticed that you mentioned 
the" Republic of Kazakhstan" quite a few times. I'm not sure if that is 
the 
correct name of the country. I will check and let you know if you need to 
change it.There is only one other thing that needs to be changed .It is 
located about the last paragraph of recommendation where you state that 
"the 
family is excited to experience the Russian culture".That statement would 
be 
very offensive to the Kazakhstan officials if you were to mention Russian 
culture. These people are not part of Russia-they are Kazakhstani- and a 
very proud people.So you could just change the word Russian to Kazakhstan. 
They do not like to be referred to as Russian.Let me know if you have any 
questions. I left you a message to call me but I don't think you need to 
call back unless you have questions. Please make sure that there is a 
current agency license at the back of the homestudy when the family sends 
their homestudy to me. I will be the one helping Ginger go thru everything 
so if you have questions feel free to call Ginger or me. 
Chris 
tina whiteman wrote: 
Ginger, It was so nice to talk with you.  Please find attached a copy of Shelley Corman and Kim Erb's homestudy. Thanks, Suzanne Hoffman(512)335-0536
Thanks for the update.
Shelley,
We will need to change the address and then get it all signed again.  It is good to know that the study overall meets their requirements.  This is probably going to take a few more days.  Still, it is better to have all of this taken care of now than to have someone send the study back.
Sorry for the delay. 
Suzanne  
Dear Suzanne, 
I reviewed the homestudy you emailed to Ginger and it looks good.Please 
change the address for Across the World to :399 Taylor Boulevard,Suite 
102, 
Pleasant Hill, California 94523.That is the address for the main office in 
Calif. I did notice that MARITAL was spelled marial in the marital 
section. 
I'm sure your spellcheck probably caught it.I noticed that you mentioned 
the" Republic of Kazakhstan" quite a few times. I'm not sure if that is 
the 
correct name of the country. I will check and let you know if you need to 
change it.There is only one other thing that needs to be changed .It is 
located about the last paragraph of recommendation where you state that 
"the 
family is excited to experience the Russian culture".That statement would 
be 
very offensive to the Kazakhstan officials if you were to mention Russian 
culture. These people are not part of Russia-they are Kazakhstani- and a 
very proud people.So you could just change the word Russian to Kazakhstan. 
They do not like to be referred to as Russian.Let me know if you have any 
questions. I left you a message to call me but I don't think you need to 
call back unless you have questions. Please make sure that there is a 
current agency license at the back of the homestudy when the family sends 
their homestudy to me. I will be the one helping Ginger go thru everything 
so if you have questions feel free to call Ginger or me. 
Chris 
tina whiteman wrote: 
Ginger, It was so nice to talk with you.  Please find attached a copy of Shelley Corman and Kim Erb's homestudy. Thanks, Suzanne Hoffman(512)335-0536
This order is even better.  It says that courts have founds that any refussal to allow a correction must be proportionate with the mistake.
Is the system running ok this morning?
A couple of thoughts on the SoCalGas Complaint
1.  Perhaps you will want to emphasize this as being a computer system programming mistake -- not a billing mistake.  The point would be to distinquish that its not like someone sat down to bill SoCalGas, read the Global Settlement and agreed with SoCalGas' interpretation of how to bill this.  The point would be to show that we made a mistake in putting the computer programming in-place to handle this 
2. I don't think the GISB 6-mo limitation went into effect until 4/97 -- so arguably it doesn't address this issue.  Nevertheless, I agree with the mistake language.  The GISB transcript excerpts that I clipped for Dari & Chris Sebesta for the IES dispute would be germaine (i.e. GISB didn't intend to bar mistakes 
3. There is a FERC case that you might want to also cite for the concept of the equity of correcting past mistakes.  Transco discovered an error in their fuel calculation that was many years old.  FERC let them re-bill customers for something like $13 million dollars of undercharges.  I think this is a 2000 case.
Catherine,
Your mom gave me your email address and said that she mentioned that I would be emailing you 
This summer, my husband, Kim Erb, and I hosted a 4-year old girl named Alina from an orphanage in Taraz.  She came to us as part of Kidsave International's summer miracle program.  She returned with her group back to the orphanage at the end of August.  We miss her terribly 
We have been working anxiously to complete our dossier and our INS approvals to be able to bring Alina back to our family permanently.  Obviously world events have us very anxious about the adoption.  We are just as resolved to bring Alina home and I'd leave tomorrow if I had all the approvals.  My hope was lifted by hearing that you were able to travel home to Kazakstan last week.
We are working with an adoption agency called Across the World Adoptions.  Their Kazakstan agents are Sergei Pikalov and Larisa Reznikova.   Alina's orphanage in Taraz is called Ulan & this was the first time they ever participated in a summer program to send kids to the US.  There isn't any way for me to call or mail Alina now that she is back in the orphanage.  I am so fortunate that I am able to correspond via email with Sergei's wife (Larissa -- different Larissa) who was here this summer as a host with the kids.  Larissa and Sergei live in Almaty.  Larissa is a medical student.  She is rapidly improving her English through her visit and our continued correspondence.  Yesterday I was so touched that Larissa sent me a photograph of Alina.  Sergei was in Taraz last week and saw dear Alina & she is well.
Sorry for the long-winded background.  I hope you won't mind corresponding with me and offering me some travel advice 
In His Name,
Shelley Corman
scorman@ (work)
cormanerb@cs.com (home)
Thanks for her address
Here is my daughter's e-mail address:
Kazburns@aol.com
Jackie
This is the message I'm getting when I try to access the FERC website.
Shelley Corman
Enron
713-853-7083
Internal Server Error
The server encountered an internal error or misconfiguration and was unable to complete your request. 
Please contact the server administrator, nancyh@gmu.edu and inform them of the time the error occurred, and anything you might have done that may have caused the error. 
More information about this error may be available in the server error log. 
Apache/1.3.19 Server at www.gmu.edu Port 80
Oops my mistake.  I've lost track of my dates & was thinking that Winefest was several weeks off.  Its next week!
I'd love to but I will be drinking wine in Italy! Thanks for inviting me to
lunch today. I'm sorry I couldn't make it. I look forward to seeing you
Thursday night! Love, C
Would you be my guest?
Meet you downstairs at 5:50 -- that way we'll hit the HOV at "2" person time.
That would be great.  How about around 5:45--6pm?  Not sure when you were thinking of leaving.  I've got plenty to keep me busy 'til 6.
I'm flexible on the departure time
Can I get on the list to get a copy of the Socal billing issue complaint draft ?
Would you be my guest?
Thank you for your hard work and your continued commitment to the March of Dimes. 
Enron's 2001 WalkAmerica campaign was the #14 Walk Team in Houston, contributing $72,563 to the March of Dimes. In addition, Danny McCarty was the #2 fundraiser in the city, raising $20,350, and Sophie Patel was the #5 fundraiser, raising $10,002.
In appreciation of all your efforts for WalkAmerica and the March of Dimes, you and a guest are invited to the 2001 March of Dimes' WineFest on Thursday, October 4 from 6:00 p.m. - 9:00 p.m. at the Crystal Ballroom of the Rice Hotel. It will be a great evening of food, wine, friends, and a silent auction.
Please let me know by Friday, September 28, if you will be able to attend WineFest 2001.
Thank you, again, and   there.
I have rates and capacity utilization info ready.  I'll call you whan I get to the office.
Yes I will attend & I will bring a guest
Thank you for your hard work and your continued commitment to the March of Dimes. 
Enron's 2001 WalkAmerica campaign was the #14 Walk Team in Houston, contributing $72,563 to the March of Dimes. In addition, Danny McCarty was the #2 fundraiser in the city, raising $20,350, and Sophie Patel was the #5 fundraiser, raising $10,002.
In appreciation of all your efforts for WalkAmerica and the March of Dimes, you and a guest are invited to the 2001 March of Dimes' WineFest on Thursday, October 4 from 6:00 p.m. - 9:00 p.m. at the Crystal Ballroom of the Rice Hotel. It will be a great evening of food, wine, friends, and a silent auction.
Please let me know by Friday, September 28, if you will be able to attend WineFest 2001.
Thank you, again, and   there.
Ricki - Jean has been terrific in handling half a dozen emergencies this summer and the move logistics.  I would like to give her a gift from the gas logisitics team.  Should we send her flowers or do you have any other ideas?
I'm flexible on the departure time
Letter looks good.  Just a few thoughts:
- In addition to the categories of feedback and promise to work on these areas, should we provide a list of specific things that we have done?
- Should we attach the first round of FAQ that matches questions from the meeting?
Instead of referring to the ETS directors - lets put Lynn, Steve and your phone numbers in the letter?
Here is a new draft.  Edit at will 
Brad
Here are my additional suggestions
Attached are the notes that will be used to convey the master nomination contract concept to the customers along with their new contract numbers 
nb
Toby,
Could you please take a look at the format of the outage postings.  Maybe I'm going at this the wrong way, but when I try to pull up a specific outage posting, I always get a whole set of outage postings.  For example when I try to pull up the chaim of postings related to the NNG MOPs 831 outage, I can't just pull up the specific posting, I also get other outages.  Why can't each outage posting be its own document?
Toby,
Can you please provide me with a complete set of all the postings & extentions related to the outage to remove the MOPS 831 platform (starting around Aug 24 and continued several times 
Andy - I may join by phone, depending on logistics this afternoon.  I'll let you know.
Jackie,
Here is the Children's Church newsletter article:
Children's Church Update
A children's worship service is held each Sunday (except for Communion Sundays) during the 11:00 worship service.   Children attend the first part of the regular worship service in the Sanctuary and then proceed to children's church after the children's sermon.  Please tend to your child's personal needs before worship, so our children's church leaders can focus on teaching.
The mission of children's church is to help prepare children (ages 3 years through 3rd grade) to participate in worship.  This Fall the children are learning that our "church backpack" is filled with things that help us worship -- our bibles, hymns, offering, and prayer.  Ask your child about how to make a prayer sandwich!
Thanks
Shelley
713-853-7083
P.S.  Please send me your daughter's email when you have a chance.
Thanks looks good.  I guess I just have a chip on my shoulder these days about being relegated to the world of details!
Here's the latest draft--this is on the way over to staff right now. I'll make sure all future settlement stuff goes to you. Thanks.
Per discussion with Drew and Joe, here are some mods which I think mitigate our internal issue on an interactive open season and what that means.   Please provide any comments asap and then Robyn can take the document, unredline and submit to Staff for us.  Which should be doable today,   Mary Kay  
I agree.  We need to get moving if we stand any chance at all of beating the ID from the Judge.  If we are ready w/ the document, I move we have Robin send and call as discussed.
Here's what I'd like to do on this--we'll just take out the word
"interactive" in describing the open season we're proposing to use for
operational capacity.  I think Staff will come back and ask for an
interactive process, but we can address that issue when and if we get to
the next step.  Again, this initial offer is mostly designed to simply
get the process rolling and to flush Staff out on whether they are
serious or not.  We won't start putting meaning into the very broad
concepts in the outline unless Staff comes back with a serious interest
in settling.  Thanks.  df
   The information contained in this e-mail message is intended only for the personal and confidential use of the recipient(s) named above. This message may be an attorney-client communication and/or work product and as such is privileged and confidential. If the reader of this message is not the intended recipient or an agent responsible for delivering it to the intended recipient, you are hereby notified that you have received this document in error and that any review, dissemination, distribution, or copying of this message is strictly prohibited. If you have received this communication in error, please notify us immediately by e-mail, and delete the original message.
FYI
While I have been periodically giving updates on the above max rate capacity release activity, I was surprised by the magnitude of the PG&E value above max. rates.
For the 12 months ended 9/30/01 we had net cash payments to PG&E.  (approx $18 mil revenues to Cal.  + $5.6 revenue on San Juan - $28 million in above max rate capacity release activity = ($4.4) million
I will be thinking of you
I will be out of the office tomorrow returning on Monday October 29th.  If you need immediate assistance, please contact Ava Garcia at x35842.
Thank you, 
Ricki
These both track with the last drafts that I saw and commented on 
Attached is the letter that will go out today for Gulfstream plus a point sheet.  If you have any issues please let me know by lunchtime 
When it comes to commitments involving website postings, scheduling or balancing, could I please ask that my group be copied on settlements and proposals.  It is not my intent to meddle in your good efforts -- just to make sure that I understand what is involved in complying.
In the case of the Transwestern setttlement offer -- my only comment/concern is that I would hope we could coordinate our posting formats with the GISB rules -- otherwise we will have conflicting requirements & have the expense of having different posting formats for our different pipes. 
"Transwestern will work in good faith to simplify the exising posting formats on its electronic bulletin board,
consistent with the GISB formats for informational postings 
Is there an SLA settlement/proposal that I can get a copy of?
Here is what I started working on yesterday -- it isn't very far along.
Ricki -- I think it's working 
Sarah,
Attached is TW revenue detail by contract for the years 1997-2000.   At the bottom of the schedule, I've made a simplistic cut between short-term/long-term based on the expiration date 
For example, for calendar year 1997:
Short-term  = Firm contracts with contract expiration date before 12/31/98  + all IT & PNR revenues
Long-term = Firm contracts with expiration dates in 1999 and beyond.
Same logic for years, 1998, 1999, 2000.
Call me at x37083 if you have questions.
FYI
We received a request from Citizens Communications Company immediately terminating their agency agreement with ENA for the following TW contracts
20822, 20834, 26791, 26580.
PLE and CBS have been updated.
Please send to all ETS Gas Logistics
In the never ending world of changes at Enron, upper management has determined that we will not be using the PEP system for feedback this year.   I apologize that this decision was made after you put time into selecting reviewers and completing reviews.   I have not received word on whether ETS year-end feedback will occur in any alternate form 
As a result of this development, the feedback training session for this afternoon is cancelled.
Joceyln,
I've had a change in my schedule today and I won't drop off the check in person.  I deposited the Enron check in my bank account this am on my way to work (to make sure I get the cash before any bankruptcy filing) and will have a personal check couriered over to your office.
Unless you instruct otherwise, I will make the check out to Salomon Smith Barney and put the caption FBO Shelley Corman in the Memo line of check.  Let me know if an account number should appear on the check.
Thanks
Joceyln,
I've had a change in my schedule today and I won't drop off the check in person.  I deposited the Enron check in my bank account this am on my way to work (to make sure I get the cash before any bankruptcy filing) and will have a personal check couriered over to your office.
Unless you instruct otherwise, I will make the check out to Salomon Smith Barney and put the caption FBO Shelley Corman in the Memo line of check.  Let me know if an account number should appear on the check.
Thanks
Liz could you please confirm your address (especially the zip) for the fedex package.
16816 Mouse Trap Dr
Round Rock, TX 78686
Hi Ginger & Chris,
Hope you are doing well.  Just wanted to check in and make sure that you received the notarized copies of my INS approval.
When I spoke with Ginger a few days ago, she said that she thought we would travel 10 days or so after the Almaty group, probably in late November 
After I get off the phone I always think of  questions I should have asked.  Since my questions are not critical, but process in nature, I thought I'd drop an email I am unclear about the steps that need to happen between now and travel.  How long does translation take?  What happens after that?  When is the dossier sent to Kazakstan?  Typically, how much notice are people given of their Kazak court date?
I would also like to get your views on the likelihood of the process slipping such that our travel would fall over the Christmas holiday -- as that would present some childcare concerns for me back in Houston. 
Sorry for so many questions.  I know that you are both very busy and I know that patience is definitely in order with this process.  I am just so very new to this international adoption process and want to make certain that I am realistic about the steps involved.
Shelley Corman
713-853-7083
Can you please check whether the 401K withdrawal was received on your end.  It looks like it left my account.
Also can you tell whether the check in from Bank One cleared?  It doesn't look like its in the account either.
Rod,
Do you know how to get in touch with Paul Cherry or Dan Fancler over the weekend?
I have most of the gas logistics related items prepared for TW for the bankruptcy lawyers -- including contract lists and receivables.  I need to have someone run a payables list.
I can be reach via blackberry or on cell 713-857-2103
Thanks for your information and words of reassurance.  Here is my email address:
work
shelley.corman@
home
cormanerb@cs.com
FYI - This is what the supply breakdown looks like for FPL without ENA in the equation
Just got off the phone with Jennie and I know you already talked to her. 
My direct flight tomorrow cleared so I plan on taking it.  I will pray really hard that you can join me on the 20th & then we can spend some of our waiting time together.
It's been a few days now since ENA dropped their gas supply from ENA from 250M down to approx 75-85M and FPL has settled into a pattern of how it is replacing the ENA gas and still keeping its nominations at 800M.
Here is a quick snapshot of where FPL is sourcing there gas from:
ENA					85
Exxon					35
SNG					48
Destin				92
Western Gas 			30
Dynegy				40
Oneok					25
BP Amoco				153
El Paso				96
Aquila				20
Duke					26
Coral					20
Cinergy				20
Sempra				25
Bridgeline				15
National Energy			15
Delivered Gas FGU					15
Reliant				31
Energy Authority			7
NUI					30
Total FPL Supply			828
Less FPL Energy Services		21
Total FPL Deliveries		807  (774 Firm + 33) 
TRAVEL ON                       AFTER HOURS: 800-366-2100 REFERENCE: 16XL  
9000 VIRGINIA MANOR ROAD STE 201 BELTSVILLE MARYLAND 20705 FOR YOUR UNIQUE TRAVEL ON TELEPHONE NUMBER...SEE BELOW  SHELLEY CORMAN  14126 SCARBOROUGH FAIR  HOUSTON TX 77077  
DATE OF ISSUE: DEC 12 2001  ITIN/INVOICE NBR: ITIN         PAGE: 01
FROM             TO           AIRLINE   FLT   DEP   ARR      STATUS 15 DEC 01 SATURDAY 
HOUSTON/INTCON  DENVER          UNITED      1667 1215P  130P CONFIRMED 
CLASS:V  AUDIO  ELAPSED TIME- 2:15  MILES-  861
NONSTOP                      EQUIP-BOEING 737-500  
DENVER          FRANKFURT       LUFTHANSA    447  455P 1040A CONFIRMED 
CLASS:M  MEAL                                      ARRIVAL DATE-16 DEC
ELAPSED TIME- 9:45  MILES- 5038
NONSTOP                      EQUIP-340  
16 DEC 01 SUNDAY FRANKFURT       ALMATY          LUFTHANSA    648  210P  145A CONFIRMED 
CLASS:M  MEAL                                      ARRIVAL DATE-17 DEC
ELAPSED TIME- 6:35  MILES- 3173
NONSTOP                      EQUIP-340  
SURFACE TRANSPORTATION  
31 DEC 01 MONDAY FRANKFURT       ATLANTA         LUFTHANSA    444 1040A  300P CONFIRMED 
SEAT-32G                         CLASS:M  MEAL  ELAPSED TIME-10:20  MILES- 4613
NONSTOP                      EQUIP-340  
ATLANTA         HOUSTON/INTCON  DELTA        443  530P  639P CONFIRMED 
SEAT-13F                         CLASS:U  ELAPSED TIME- 2:09  MILES-  689
NONSTOP                      EQUIP-BOEING 727 JET  
SURFACE TRANSPORTATION  
29 DEC 01 SATURDAY 
MOSCOW/SHEREMT  FRANKFURT       LUFTHANSA   3221  700A  835A WAITLISTED
CLASS:M  MEAL  ELAPSED TIME- 3:35  MILES- 1262
NONSTOP                      EQUIP-32S  
30 DEC 01 SUNDAY MOSCOW/SHEREMT  FRANKFURT       LUFTHANSA   3221  700A  835A WAITLISTED
CLASS:M  MEAL  ELAPSED TIME- 3:35  MILES- 1262
NONSTOP                      EQUIP-32S  
CONTACT TRAVEL ON AT: 240-387-4110 OR 877-657-4772 **YOU MUST VERIFY ITINERARY FOR ACCURACY/ACCEPTANCE OF INCORRECT INFORMATION IS TRAVELERS RESPONSIBILITY  
SERVICE FEE *SEE BELOW       0.00
*NO SERVICE FEE THIS TRANSACTION  
** AFTER HOURS HELPLINE 800-366-2100 REFER TO: 16XL  
Jennie Hendrickson
Travel On
9000 Virginia Manor Rd Suite 201
Beltsville MD 20705
240-387-4033-phone
877-657-4772-toll free
240-387-4101-fax
jennieh@tvlon.com  
Sarah,
Attached is TW revenue detail by contract for the years 1997-2000.   At the bottom of the schedule, I've made a simplistic cut between short-term/long-term based on the expiration date 
For example, for calendar year 1997:
Short-term  = Firm contracts with contract expiration date before 12/31/98  + all IT & PNR revenues
Long-term = Firm contracts with expiration dates in 1999 and beyond.
Same logic for years, 1998, 1999, 2000.
Call me at x37083 if you have questions.
Good morning all.
Attached is the info that Esther helped me pull together for Rod last Wednesday. Rod told me over the weekend that he needs commodity volumes for these contracts for the years 1997-2000.  Help?  Can someone pull this together quickly for me?
Here is 1997-2000 TW Transportation Revenue by Contract, Sorted by Contract Expiration Date.  To get a breakdown of long-term/short-term, for each year I would include contracts that expire within the next year & IT as short term, with the remainder as LT.  For example, for 1997, I'd say that the revenues from contracts that expire on or before 12/31/98 + IT make up the short term revenues.
Payroll deductions and cost center billings for The Downtown Club (Met) memberships will terminate December 31, 2001.  Memberships will continue through a direct billing arrangement with The Downtown Club 
As most of you are aware, Enron has maintained a valuable partnership with The Downtown Club for the past two years, and they have graciously offered the following for current and future members 
The Downtown Club is pleased to continue to offer the preferred dues rates to current/former Enron employees.  The Downtown Club would like to assist you and keep you connected to the Downtown Community and help you maintain a healthy lifestyle during these challenging times.
Membership Offer:
1)     WAIVED Initiation Fee through 2/28/2002
2)     Sports Membership Preferred Monthly Dues of $62.79 (plus tax) honored 
through December 2002
3)     All Memberships are via direct monthly billing to the member
For more information - please contact Membership at 713.652.0700 
If you do not wish to keep your membership, please email your cancellation notice to mailto:georgia.fogo@ as soon as possible 
The Downtown Club is pleased to partner with Resources Connection
for a wonderful Member Benefit:
Join us December 20th  from 9 a.m. to  2 p.m .for a complimentary
Career Crisis Workshop
featuring Bonnie Monych, CPC
focusing on:
Dealing with career crisis
Climate control  (What's hot and who's hiring)
Me, Inc.  (Marketing yourself)
Lunch is provided   *     RSVP is required to Keith at 713.289.3853                               Limited Seating
Thank you 
Revised presentation for the meeting this afternoon
If I needed to change the account that bills were to be paid into for this necxt billing cycle can it be done, for TW and NNG.
Rod Hayslett
EB4054
713-853-6178
Gary,
Except for this week, it is my understanding that it will be okay for us to use 42C1 if the meeting includes solely gas logistics staff that had security access to gas control 
The only place we can put all the food will be right outside your office.  I could have some tables put up there 
Good Morning,
I have been instructed to inform the people who have scheduled Conference Room 42C1 in the month of December, that we have to reschedule all meetings. Below are the meetings that have been scheduled and we will have to work together so that we can put everyone into a new room. 
Alva Ashe - 12/3, 12/10, 12/17, 12/24, 12/31
Erica Fields - 12/3, 12/10
Bernadette Etienne - 12/4, 12/6
Cindy Adams - 12/4, 12/11, 12/18
Kay Webb - 12/5, 12/19
Lillian Villarreal - 12/6
Shirley Crenshaw - 12/7
Ricki Winters - 12/11
Please give me a call so that we can reschedule you into a new room. If you are not needing the room after all and are wanting cancel please give us a call.
Lionel Pantoja
Audio Visual Administrator
(713)853-6300 option 2.
FYI
yes.
Gary,
Except for this week, it is my understanding that it will be okay for us to use 42C1 if the meeting includes solely gas logistics staff that had security access to gas control 
The only place we can put all the food will be right outside your office.  I could have some tables put up there 
Good Morning,
I have been instructed to inform the people who have scheduled Conference Room 42C1 in the month of December, that we have to reschedule all meetings. Below are the meetings that have been scheduled and we will have to work together so that we can put everyone into a new room. 
Alva Ashe - 12/3, 12/10, 12/17, 12/24, 12/31
Erica Fields - 12/3, 12/10
Bernadette Etienne - 12/4, 12/6
Cindy Adams - 12/4, 12/11, 12/18
Kay Webb - 12/5, 12/19
Lillian Villarreal - 12/6
Shirley Crenshaw - 12/7
Ricki Winters - 12/11
Please give me a call so that we can reschedule you into a new room. If you are not needing the room after all and are wanting cancel please give us a call.
Lionel Pantoja
Audio Visual Administrator
(713)853-6300 option 2.
Please verify that this is taken care of and that I do not need to have someone in my group work on this.  Thanks.
Shelley, have seen this request to provide information to INGAA?
- If you have not seen, can your group provide without much problem?
- If you seen and have provided, could I get a copy to review?
Thanks
Keith
Keith,  please coordinate getting this info asap-  so we can send it back to INGAA-  Steve,  do you have of this?  MK
In order to give some concrete statistics for our argument that midstream and  production affiliates are important links in the infrastructure with affiliated  pipelines (and, of course, that applying the NOPR to pipeline affiliates would  be a disaster), please provide data to answer the following three questions. Our  customer operations guys tell me this is a pretty straigtforward exercise.O bviously, given the 13 days until comments are due, time is of the essence. So  please respond by COB Tuesday, if possible.
1. For each pipeline, how many interconnects do you have that receive gas  from an affiliated interstate pipeline? For all these interconnects, how much  gas flowed through them (in the aggregate) in 2000?
2. For each pipeline, how many interconnects do you have that receive gas  from affiliated gatherers, processors, or intrastate pipelines? For all these  interconnects, how much gas flowed through them (in the aggregate) in 2000?
3. For each pipeline, how many interconnects do you have that deliver gas  into affiliated intrastate pipelines? For all these interconnects, how much gas  flowed through them (in the aggregate) in 2000?
Additionally, Michael Doane, the economist INGAA has retained, would like to  have the following information for his report. It can be anecdotal, but having  something concrete to point at is critical. He needs all the examples we can  provide of existing infrastructure (gathering-to-pipeline,  processing-to-pipeline, production-to-affiliated gathering and pipeline) that  would not have gone forward if pipelines were not allowed to coordinate with  their midstream and production affiliates. If at all possible, state the natural  gas deliverability that's there today, which would not have been there. under  the proposed rule.
As you'd suspect, this also has to be done as quickly as possible. Get the  information to me, and I'll forward it to Michael.
Thanks for your help.
Rick
Need to talk to you about this
Shelley, have seen this request to provide information to INGAA?
- If you have not seen, can your group provide without much problem?
- If you seen and have provided, could I get a copy to review?
Thanks
Keith
Keith,  please coordinate getting this info asap-  so we can send it back to INGAA-  Steve,  do you have of this?  MK
In order to give some concrete statistics for our argument that midstream and  production affiliates are important links in the infrastructure with affiliated  pipelines (and, of course, that applying the NOPR to pipeline affiliates would  be a disaster), please provide data to answer the following three questions. Our  customer operations guys tell me this is a pretty straigtforward exercise.O bviously, given the 13 days until comments are due, time is of the essence. So  please respond by COB Tuesday, if possible.
1. For each pipeline, how many interconnects do you have that receive gas  from an affiliated interstate pipeline? For all these interconnects, how much  gas flowed through them (in the aggregate) in 2000?
2. For each pipeline, how many interconnects do you have that receive gas  from affiliated gatherers, processors, or intrastate pipelines? For all these  interconnects, how much gas flowed through them (in the aggregate) in 2000?
3. For each pipeline, how many interconnects do you have that deliver gas  into affiliated intrastate pipelines? For all these interconnects, how much gas  flowed through them (in the aggregate) in 2000?
Additionally, Michael Doane, the economist INGAA has retained, would like to  have the following information for his report. It can be anecdotal, but having  something concrete to point at is critical. He needs all the examples we can  provide of existing infrastructure (gathering-to-pipeline,  processing-to-pipeline, production-to-affiliated gathering and pipeline) that  would not have gone forward if pipelines were not allowed to coordinate with  their midstream and production affiliates. If at all possible, state the natural  gas deliverability that's there today, which would not have been there. under  the proposed rule.
As you'd suspect, this also has to be done as quickly as possible. Get the  information to me, and I'll forward it to Michael.
Thanks for your help.
Rick
Upon entering names and ALL the other info we are suppose to enter on submitting names for our evaluations I got a message saying "no records found matching your criteria". I tried a couple of names and got the same msg. Therefore I cannot start this process.
Byron Reid
I'm forwarding this so you know what is going on when there is a $181.17 deduct from my 12/31 paycheck.
Due to the Bankruptcy Filing on December 2, 2001, a decision was made to discontinue the flexperq allowance.  This decision was made after the December 14 payroll run.  You will receive your allowance of $181.17 on your December 14 paycheck; however,  Payroll will reduce your 12/31 paycheck for the same amount.
Also, please note that executive physicals will no longer be offered or related expenses covered by Enron.
Thank you!
FYI
FYI - FPL conducted a "test" wire yesterday and successfully sent a penny to our new Citibank account.  We should not have to worry about half of FGT's cash coming in today 
Shelley,  FYI--Rick & I have discussed how we will cover the reservation billing scheduled for Saturday.  Marion & Cynthia will assist us in the coverage as well as Jerry Skirtich who sat  with Galen & I on Tuesday to cover the ncessary steps to generate the billing process.  Galen has a "desk procedure manual" assembled that spells out in detail the billing process.  I'm working w/Larry Hill to ensure the Capacity Release transactions are fed to the old TSS system (still testing this process.)  I've expressed a great sense of urgency surrounding the invoicing process given the cash flow concerns we're dealing with.  Sheila 
Galen's heart catheterization yesterday showed two major blockages, one 99% and the other 75%.  The doctors at St. Lukes installed two stints in the artery to repair these blockages.  Galen said his chest is pain free and the tightness is gone.  His incision on his thigh is very sore and he has not yet been allowed to get out of bed to walk.  I spoke to him this morning and he sounded fairly upbeat and said he should be out of the hospital later on today.  He was concerned about whether he would be able to come in to work on Saturday to process reservation billing.   I assured him that Sheila and I had it covered and he did not need to worry about it 
Rick
Corp Security did a quick audit today of the Gas Control Center on EB42 and made several recommendations of some 
steps we should take prior to some of the expected workforce changes next week 
1) Tighten control of access to the Gas Control facilities
- They recommended reducing access to a single door and posting a guard for the next week or so.
- They recommended reviewing the card access lists for the secure doors and reducing to critical staff only.
We have arranged for a guard beginning Monday morning. Access to Gas Control will be through the South
hallway and door only. Exit, except for emergencies, will be limited to the South door as well. The guard
will be checking everyones card prior to entry. 
We have reviewed the card access lists for all secure doors and removed everyone except Gas Logistics and
IT support staff. We have disabled access into Gas Control on all doors except the	South door.
We have cancelled all scheduled meetings and presentations scheduled for the Gas Control Presentation
Center (EB42C1 
2) Isolate the Gas Control Network environment - disconnect our network from the Corporate backbone 
We DO NOT intend to Isolate Gas Control until events dictate that we should. We are taking steps to be prepared 
to isolate, while minimizing the impact to the Gas Control SCADA system, the TMS system, and PGAS. 
On Monday we will also configure the Hangar to support temporary operation of the Gas Control and other Gas Logistics
business functions. Two conference rooms and the break room will be configured with phones, network connections, 
and workstations. They will be configured to support up to 60 staff. The minimum staffing requirements for the Hangar to
support the Gas Control and Gas Logistics functions,as currently defined, is 35 staff. The Hangar will be left configured
for approximately two weeks, depending on events.
Here is the presentation for the 2:30 meeting today
Please add John Baily to my contact list
The offers to help you keep rolling in 
Shelley, I wish you the best of luck and God's blessings on your trip!
Hopefully, all will go smoothly.  We will be praying for you and Alina.  If
there is something I can help Kim and Chad with while you are gone, or some
help you need when you get back, please don't hesitate to ask.  We are here
to help!!
Attached is a copy of an outline of the children's Christmas Eve service
that 
I reviewed with Patty last night.  I have delivered a hard copy of the 
outline and readings to the Church Office.  Sorry to dash off an email 
without calling everyone -before I leave town.
Nancy - I'm hoping that you are still amenable to playing the piano.  If you
have selections that you prefer -- feel free to change my selections.  They 
were picked only because the kids know these songs.  It is particularly a
joy 
to hear them sing the chorus of "The First Noel."
Babara Thompson - I was hoping that you could ask the children at children's
church whether any of them are interested in volunteering to read for the 
worship .
Stephanie - I am hoping that you can line up an adult leader willing to play
overall MC and to read the Christmas message.  If you find someone- please 
let Patty know.  Otherwise I think she may be amenable to pinchhit.
Lisa C. - Could you please line up a greeter/door tender for the worship And, also check with the trustees to make sure the sanctuary is unlocked in 
time.
Thanks everyone.  I just lover rattling off email orders!
Please add to my contact list
Shelley-
Just to let you know I am thinking if you.  Please let me know how you are
doing.  Take care.
Ellie
Please add
Shelley:
Unfortunately I will be on vacation on November 26th.  However, Gary will be attending and is well versed and postured to speak to 16 and 31 day charted PD measurement.  Gary has been working behind the scenes with your group, the field, marketing and technology to resolve the problems associated with equipment not suited for providing adequate daily information.  At the same time he has been working on gaining assistance in getting 16 day measurement data into the office on time for processing and review prior to month's end close.   Just as a side note, I understand now that Charlie Thompson of the Measurement Technology Group and Tech Ops has been given the charge to come up with a five year plan for installing automated and adequate equipment accross the board for these situations.
Ellis
Ellis/Gary
I hope that you can both make it to the meeting on Monday to discuss the issue of daily NNG measurement readings.  A number of our NNG customers are protesting DDVC invoices based on our inability to provide daily measurement information.   Alliant is just the latest in the string of customers.   The NNG marketing group is very frustrated on this issue 
We need to put all our collective talents together.  This issue needs the highest levels of attention possible from measurement.
Reminder, the meeting to discuss the Alliant measurement issue is at 3:30 Monday in 49c2. sj
Please print (incl attachment) and keep for reference
Attached is a copy of an outline of the children's Christmas Eve service that 
I reviewed with Patty last night.  I have delivered a hard copy of the 
outline and readings to the Church Office.  Sorry to dash off an email 
without calling everyone -before I leave town.
Nancy - I'm hoping that you are still amenable to playing the piano.  If you 
have selections that you prefer -- feel free to change my selections.  They 
were picked only because the kids know these songs.  It is particularly a joy 
to hear them sing the chorus of "The First Noel."
Barbara Thompson - I was hoping that you could ask the children at children's 
church whether any of them are interested in volunteering to read for the 
worship .
Stephanie - I am hoping that you can line up an adult leader willing to play 
overall MC and to read the Christmas message.  If you find someone- please 
let Patty know.  Otherwise I think she may be amenable to pinchhit.
Lisa C. - Could you please line up a greeter/door tender for the worship And, also check with the trustees to make sure the sanctuary is unlocked in 
time.
Thanks everyone.  I just love rattling off email orders!
Shelley, we have been working with a number of Business and IT managers with the termination of IT Consultants.  In some cases, major IT projects have been cancelled and consultants have been eliminated.  There is one project at ETS, the rewrite of the contracts system, that was being staffed by some outside IT consultants ( Valtech).  Has that project been put on hold or discontinued?  If it has and the consultants are no longer here, GSS needs to be in the loop to send termination letters to the supplier.  There is specific termination language in the Master Services Agreements that we manage 
Please let me know the status to the project or direct me to the person who can help me.
Thanks
Tammy Hopkins
Enron Global Strategic Sourcing
Senior Contracts Manager
Work 713-345-6556
Fax 281-664-4825
tamara.hopkins@
1.  NNG and ENA are entirely separate entities and our businesses are run entirely separate from one another.
2.  Customers may think that they can net ENA invoices against NNG invoices.  NNG is a separate business and is not responsible for ENA invoices to their customers.
3.  Should suppliers cut volumes for ENA; NNG will cut the market accordingly.
4.  Creditworthiness status for ENA remains the responsibility of the Commercial Department. We are to maintain our normal course of business until instructed otherwise.
Schedulers talking points on the separation of NNG/ENA
1.  NNG and ENA are entirely separate entities and our businesses are run entirely separate from one another.
2.  Customers may think that they can net ENA invoices against NNG invoices.  NNG is a separate business and is not responsible for ENA invoices to their customers.
3.  Should suppliers cut volumes for ENA; NNG will cut the market accordingly.
4.  Creditworthiness status for ENA remains the responsibility of the Commercial Department. We are to maintain our normal course of business until instructed otherwise.
Final approval received!  I have an executed document signed by Williams and Danny McCarty.  Cash in amount of $268,702 is forthcoming.
Yes, I will keep you posted.  They have another level of approval left.  If that happens, we will receive either check or wire.
Is this cash coming into TW?
FYI - I made my staff burn the midnight oil last night putting together TW/NNG revenue summaries for review by the bankers that Rod/Kevin are working with.  Thought you might me interested in the report.  It gives a nice snapshot of our activity with our major counterparties.
First worksheet show summary gross transportation revenue by counterparty for the 12 months ended 9/30/01. Total transport revenue is $180.6 million.  Other worksheets show detail by contract and contract expiration dates.  This information has been furnished to Kevin Howard.  The only open question is how this data can be reconciled to financials.  I spoke with Tracy this morning and she reflects gross operating revenues for TW for this period of $200 M.  The difference is primarily fuel sales (which are not currently included in my numbers).
See attached.
Thanks,
Marion
The Phase VI upgrade wasn't on the list of projects that Gary submitted, but not to worry as you will see on the attached it is and always has been part of my overall Gas Logistics capital budget.
Please see attached    Bottom line  -  $5,781,880
Please add to contacts
Please see attached document that was posted today 11/30/01 as a critical notice on TW's web site  
Thanks,
Toby
Alma,
Please send out to the TW team.
Diane,
Cindy replied back to ask you to take my contribution out of the payroll system.  And, that I should then call UW to bill me directly.
Please call me if you have any questions.
Shelley Corman
x37083
Hi Cindy,
I know this is a trivial question in the greater magnitude of things....so just drop me an email when you get a chance.
For my 2002 UW contribution, I asked to have a lumpsum payroll deduction in Feb.  (unsual bonus time).  Now, I want to have UW just bill me instead.  I can't seem to get back into the system to change this 
Shelley
x37083
That's my understanding as well.
Okay, I've already had questions about statements in this memo.  My understanding of this is as follows:  In the event of bankruptcy, employees are guaranteed to be paid for work already completed up to an amount of $4650 (If the company were to file next week, this amount should be small since payday was today).  In addition, employees are paid for hours worked after bankruptcy at their normal salary or an amount the judge determines and such payments are not capped at $4650 
Many of you have asked whether you should come into the office next week, especially if there is no guarantee of being paid for time worked after today.  We want to encourage you to come to work.  We continue to consider every option available to us as a company; and unfortunately, restructuring through bankruptcy is one of those options.  Your continued efforts during these trying times are critical to the company as we go through this decision making process.
I still cannot say with certainty if or when we will file for bankruptcy.  But you should be aware that, in general, the bankruptcy code provides protection for employee salaries and wages earned within 90 days of a petition filing to the extent of $4,650 per employee.  I want you to know that if we file a bankruptcy petition, we intend to seek approval by the bankruptcy court to exercise that protection immediately and pay you for your time worked prior to any petition filing according to our regular payroll practices.  Additionally, Enron would be obligated and will pay salaries and wages earned after a bankruptcy filing. For Enron, where our value is directly tied to our employees, making sure that we meet these obligations will be a high priority.
We are continuing to evaluate the ongoing resource needs of the company for each potential option we might pursue.  Of course, until we finalize those business decisions, we cannot make that determination.  I know that this prolonged process is agonizing for you.  I can only continue to assure you that we will notify you of your employment status as soon as we are able to do so.
While terminated employees will tap into their own network of contacts as they look for new employment, we hope to do what we can to assist them.  We will tap into the contacts we have as a company to aid terminated employees in their job search.  We have already been in touch with several employers and many are interested in Enron alumni.  We will share more information on these efforts soon.
I appreciate your continued patience and cooperation.
Ken
Okay, I've already had questions about statements in this memo.  My understanding of this is as follows:  In the event of bankruptcy, employees are guaranteed to be paid for work already completed up to an amount of $4650 (If the company were to file next week, this amount should be small since payday was today).  In addition, employees are paid for hours worked after bankruptcy at their normal salary or an amount the judge determines and such payments are not capped at $4650 
Many of you have asked whether you should come into the office next week, especially if there is no guarantee of being paid for time worked after today.  We want to encourage you to come to work.  We continue to consider every option available to us as a company; and unfortunately, restructuring through bankruptcy is one of those options.  Your continued efforts during these trying times are critical to the company as we go through this decision making process.
I still cannot say with certainty if or when we will file for bankruptcy.  But you should be aware that, in general, the bankruptcy code provides protection for employee salaries and wages earned within 90 days of a petition filing to the extent of $4,650 per employee.  I want you to know that if we file a bankruptcy petition, we intend to seek approval by the bankruptcy court to exercise that protection immediately and pay you for your time worked prior to any petition filing according to our regular payroll practices.  Additionally, Enron would be obligated and will pay salaries and wages earned after a bankruptcy filing. For Enron, where our value is directly tied to our employees, making sure that we meet these obligations will be a high priority.
We are continuing to evaluate the ongoing resource needs of the company for each potential option we might pursue.  Of course, until we finalize those business decisions, we cannot make that determination.  I know that this prolonged process is agonizing for you.  I can only continue to assure you that we will notify you of your employment status as soon as we are able to do so.
While terminated employees will tap into their own network of contacts as they look for new employment, we hope to do what we can to assist them.  We will tap into the contacts we have as a company to aid terminated employees in their job search.  We have already been in touch with several employers and many are interested in Enron alumni.  We will share more information on these efforts soon.
I appreciate your continued patience and cooperation.
Ken
FYI - Thought you might be interested in Gary Smith's response to these questions
That's my understanding as well.
Okay, I've already had questions about statements in this memo.  My understanding of this is as follows:  In the event of bankruptcy, employees are guaranteed to be paid for work already completed up to an amount of $4650 (If the company were to file next week, this amount should be small since payday was today).  In addition, employees are paid for hours worked after bankruptcy at their normal salary or an amount the judge determines and such payments are not capped at $4650 
Many of you have asked whether you should come into the office next week, especially if there is no guarantee of being paid for time worked after today.  We want to encourage you to come to work.  We continue to consider every option available to us as a company; and unfortunately, restructuring through bankruptcy is one of those options.  Your continued efforts during these trying times are critical to the company as we go through this decision making process.
I still cannot say with certainty if or when we will file for bankruptcy.  But you should be aware that, in general, the bankruptcy code provides protection for employee salaries and wages earned within 90 days of a petition filing to the extent of $4,650 per employee.  I want you to know that if we file a bankruptcy petition, we intend to seek approval by the bankruptcy court to exercise that protection immediately and pay you for your time worked prior to any petition filing according to our regular payroll practices.  Additionally, Enron would be obligated and will pay salaries and wages earned after a bankruptcy filing. For Enron, where our value is directly tied to our employees, making sure that we meet these obligations will be a high priority.
We are continuing to evaluate the ongoing resource needs of the company for each potential option we might pursue.  Of course, until we finalize those business decisions, we cannot make that determination.  I know that this prolonged process is agonizing for you.  I can only continue to assure you that we will notify you of your employment status as soon as we are able to do so.
While terminated employees will tap into their own network of contacts as they look for new employment, we hope to do what we can to assist them.  We will tap into the contacts we have as a company to aid terminated employees in their job search.  We have already been in touch with several employers and many are interested in Enron alumni.  We will share more information on these efforts soon.
I appreciate your continued patience and cooperation.
Ken
I keep getting these notes.  Help!
This request has been pending your approval for  3 days.  Please click <  to review and act upon this request.
Request ID          : 000000000078869 
Request Create Date : 12/10/01 3:38:58 PM 
Requested For       : scott.hibbard@ 
Resource Name       : Risk Acceptance Forms Local Admin Rights - Permanent 
Resource Type       : Applications 
Jean -- I keep getting these messages.  I just got another batch of 6 similar reminders
This request has been pending your approval for  2 days.  Please click   to review and act upon this request.
Request ID          : 000000000078904
Request Create Date : 12/11/01 7:26:47 AM
Requested For       : sherry.forbish@
Resource Name       : Risk Acceptance Forms Local Admin Rights - Permanent
Resource Type       : Applications
First worksheet show summary gross transportation revenue by counterparty for the 12 months ended 9/30/01. Total transport revenue is $180.6 million.  Other worksheets show detail by contract and contract expiration dates.  This information has been furnished to Kevin Howard.  The only open question is how this data can be reconciled to financials.  I spoke with Tracy this morning and she reflects gross operating revenues for TW for this period of $200 M.  The difference is primarily fuel sales (which are not currently included in my numbers).
Our team holiday potluck luncheon is scheduled for Tuesday, December 11 at 11:30 AM.    So dust off those cookbooks and sign up to bring a culinary creation.  The sign-up sheet is located outside Ricki's workstation (4268A).   The buffet will be set up in 42C1 (the gas control presentation room).  Room 42C2 is also reserved for seating 
Following our luncheon, we will have a Gas Logistics staff meeting at 1 PM in 39C1.  We can discuss any Enron updates and I will do my best to address any questions and concerns that you have 
At the end of our staff meeting, we'll hold our holiday raffle drawing.   We have lots of fun prizes, including many sets of sports tickets.  All Gas Logistics employee names will be entered.  You need not be present to win.
Finally, I want to fill you in on my upcoming journey.  My husband and I have been trying to adopt a young girl from Kazakhstan into our family.  The paperwork and red tape have seemed unending and I was having doubts whether it would ever happen.  Early this week I received the call that I need to travel to Kazakhstan next week to pick her up.  While I am excited to complete the adoption, I'm not terribly thrilled with the timing of being gone over the holidays and away from work at this time.  At our staff meeting, I can address any questions you have about whom to call in my absence.
I'm looking forward to our get together next week.  To the extent that you aren't able to make the luncheon, let me take this opportunity to wish you and your family a happy, safe and relaxing holiday season.
Please come by to sign the certificates.
Hope your holiday was a fantastic one.
My dossier info was not picked up from the embassy last week, so now I'm another week behing in the process.  But, the delay does perhaps give me a chance to take care of my sinus problem.  I've still been feeling cruddy and want to have a specialist look at the sinus polyp.  Can you recommend an ENT?
Looking forward to seeing you soon.
Hi Becky,
I'm thinking of you.  Cynthia Corcoran called today to see if I knew anyone interested in doing regulatory work.  I thought of you right away and Cynthia was enthusiastic, but didn't want to violate your privacy by giving out your email address.
She can be reached at 713-533-9180 or I can give her your contact info if you prefer.
Shelley
Today Chris called to tell me that Liz Gras will not be traveling with me and that I should leave on Dec 15 instead of Dec 13 (Tomorrow).   This is all a shock.
I will have to travel by myself.  I have never traveled internationally before and I am a bit scared -- as I'm sure that you were this past summer when you visited.  I know everyone in Kazakhstan will be nice, but I am not looking forward to customs.   I am very excited to see you though.
Depending on how long that I will have to be in Kazakhstan, I may try to come home after court and have Alina escorted to Moscow.  Kim (or Kim & I) may travel to Moscow to pick her up after the New Years holiday.  I will be sad if I have to leave her behind for a few more days.  But I might have to accept this arrangement if my work calls me back to Houston.  So many times my schedule changes that it is difficult at work.  I know that you experienced similar difficulties with you flight plans this summer.
I will bring pictures of your visit this summer.  I will also bring warm clothes!
I received an email from a new family that hopes to adopt Zhuldiz.  I am so happy to hear that she has a family.
Hi Sherene,
Mom forwarded a note that you were looking for Chad suggestions.  He is into anything about rocks, Harry Potter, or of course his all time favorite -- baseball.
I'm leaving for Kazakhstan tomorrow, so I didn't have time to ask for gift lists for your guys.  Chad helped me pick out some items -- that I hope they'll like.  Believe me, you will see the Chad influence when you open the items.   A box is on its way to you.
Have a blessed holiday.
Love 
Shelley
I'm planning on heading out the office around 3 PM or so.  Feel free to send home staff as business needs permit.  I'm not planning on sending out any kind of notice to all Gas Logistics -- as I feel like it is frustrating to those that must stay.
Have a safe and happy holiday.   I'll be in Austin tomorrow & Friday, so call me on my cell (713-857-2103) or email me if you need me.  In case of emergency, I can be reached at my brother-in-law's house in Austin at 512-474-5631.
Jackie,
I got the call to travel to Kazakhstan for the adoption and will be leaving next Thursday, Dec. 13.  I will be in Kazakhstan over Christmas and hope to touch base with your daughter to see about the possibility of locating a Christmas eve worship.  I think I've misplaced her email address.  If you wouldn't mind, would you forward it to me again.  Thanks and have a blessed holiday.
Shelley
John,
Per Stan Horton's voicemail, attached is letter from you as the pipeline segment board chair to the GISB office indicating the pipeline segment's desire to fill Stan's seat for the December 5 Board Meeting 
Rick - please add contract listings & proof/have letters put on letterhead for my signature.  Thanks
Please add to my calendar
Following is our schedule for next year's meetings, which will all take place in 49C2 video conference room from 8:30AM to 1:00PM.   Please mark your calendars.
February 13, 2002
April 10, 2002
June 12, 2002
August 14, 2002
October 9, 2002
December 11, 2002
And don't forget, we have more meeting left this year, December 12, 2001.
Let me know if you have any questions or concerns.
Cindy Stark
Executive Assistant to Stan Horton
Tel:   713/853-6197
Fax:  713/345-7047
Cindy.Stark@
A couple of thoughts
-  Per travelocity Lufthansa does fly between Houston-Frankfurt-Alma Ata & then Moscow-Frankfurt-IAH.  We'd only have to take
Transaero one way from Alma ata to Moscow.
- If we fly through Moscow on way to Kaz, keep in mind that the airport we fly into Moscow will be a totally different airport than the airport we fly from Moscow to Kaz (the regional airport).  I have heard that the regional airport is not a very safe or American friendly place.
- I want to me flexible on travel.  But, I'd really, really rather not fly on Aeroflot.
Liz - Right after I had Kim run over with the revised form and put it in the overnight, Chris called me to say that the application will probably need the "sworn and subscribed" language before the notary stamp 
Do you have a typewriter that you could type this in above the notary stamp?  Or perhaps feed it through your computer printer?  I sent three signed and notarized copies -- so you have a few extras to play with.
Here is the missing language
STATE OF TEXAS  
COUNTY OF HARRIS
Sworn and subscribed before me on this 26th day of November, 2001.
My conversation with Chris was quite different than my conversation with Ginger.  While she said that it would be more convenient if we set a date like Jan 5 to travel to be able to buy the tickets in advance and hopefully get better fares.  She also acted like it is not out of the question that travel around Dec 17 might be possible if one didn't mind being away at Christmas.
On my voice mail she left a message that my dossier had been received in Astana.  When I called her back she said that this was a mistake -- that what she meant was that it had been picked up at the embassy and was expected in Astana on Thurs or Fri.
You can call me at home tonight if you want to talk.
Kim,
My nonstop direct from Houston cleared for tomorrow (4:40 PM).  The only catch is that I have to go to the airport this afternoon to change my tickets.  My return back from Moscow on the 30th also cleared.   I am still waitlisted for a return flight from Almaty on the 23rd.
Stan is having a 1/2 day staff meeting next Wed.  Dec 12 until lunchtime.   Accordingly, I need to reschedule my staff meeting.
Please let me know about your availability to meet from 1-3 PM on Dec. 12 in my office. 
I haven't received my dossier.
When I asked you to adjust the Gas Logistic's PAA's to $100, I forgot to ask you to do the same on the separate PAA for gift checks for EOTT pipeline control.  Please give me a call if you need any supplemental paperwork from me.
Happy Holidays
Fran,
I need to straighten out a few personal payroll matters before I leave town on Thursday.  I was able to revise my bank deposit instructions on ERonline (my wallet was stolen over the weekend and I had to change bank accounts).  I was also able to adjust my EFCU deductions.
I am unable to complete the following changes online and I'm hoping that you can help me work these issues:
- Stop PAC contributions
- Stop Savings Bond automatic purchases
- Stop 2002 United Way deduct.  I had selected to make one time contribution in Feb (around bonus time).  My plans are to stop the automatic deduct and have the United Way bill me directly instead.
Thanks in advance for your help.
Attached is a copy of Theresa's mid-yr review
Sorry I missed your call last night.  I had a good cry and went to bed early  
As you noted in your voice message, I am planning to travel by myself on Saturday, Dec 15.  It is the only time I can get a confirmed flight (albeit a more cumbersome route and more expensive  
Here is the other part of my plans.  I feel fairly sure that I will return to the US immediately after my court date, unless the stay requirements are very, very short.  I can fathom the courage to travel by myself, but not to hang around 2 weeks by myself.  Also, all these constant changes have put a serious strain on what is already a very tedious work situation for me.
I am still planning to have Connie move forward with getting Kim a letter of invitation /VISAs -- including a Russian VISA that is good until Mid-January.  That way Kim can return for Alina after the first of the year if necessary.  Please ask Sergei to look into possible arrangements.  I would be happy to pay for Sergei and Larisa to have a holiday in Moscow if they were willing to fly with Alina there.  Perhaps she could stay at the orphanage or with a host family and have an orphanage worker take her to Almaty  
I am totally terrified about traveling by myself  -- but this isn't a fear that will ease with time.  I feel like I just have to dive in or I am going to change my mind.
I need some reassurance on what happens at the airport.  Will the assistance service help me at customs?  Will Sergei pick me up and where will I find him?  Do I have hotel accomodations (if so preferrably at the Hyatt)?
Obviously I am also handling a mountain of guilt about leaving without Liz.  I wrote her a note about my current thoughts on travel and why I am leaning towards leaving on Sat.
Shelley Corman
713-853-7083
Alma/Lisa,
I need to know what the ramifications are of canceling/postponing tomorrow's party.  What will lose?  What have we not paid back?
Here is a sample of articles
Enron Replaces Fastow as Finance Chief --- McMahon Takes Over Post; Move Follows Concerns Over Partnership Deals
The Wall Street Journal, 10/25/01
Enron Ousts Finance Chief As S.E.C. Looks at Dealings
The New York Times, 10/25/01
Pressured Enron Ousts CFO
The Washington Post, 10/25/01
Enron replaces CFO to reassure investors
Houston Chronicle, 10/25/01
FRONT PAGE - FIRST SECTION - Enron replaces finance chief.
Financial Times (U.K. edition), 10/25/01
COMPANIES & FINANCE THE AMERICAS - 'Sell' note issued on Enron shares.
Financial Times (U.K. edition), 10/25/01
LEX COLUMN - Enron.
Financial Times (U.K. edition), 10/25/01
Enron Corp. Cut to `Market Perform' at Banc of America
Bloomberg, 10/25/01
Baring Asset Management's McClen on Enron: Investor Comments
Bloomberg, 10/25/01
Enron ousts CFO amid partnership questions
Associated Press Newswires, 10/25/01
Enron fires CFO to quell unrest: Stock meltdown
National Post, 10/25/01
Enron replaces CFO Fastow in wake of LJM probe; appoints McMahon
AFX News, 10/25/01
ENRON: Embattled chief financial officer ousted
Chicago Tribune, 10/25/01
Enron Ousts CFO Amid SEC Probe
Los Angeles Times, 10/25/01
Shell-Shocked Enron Parts With CFO
TheStreet.com, 10/25/01
Phew! Enron Stinks
RealMoney.com, 10/25/01
Small-Stock Focus: Russell 2000 Ekes Out Increase; Adtran, Arris Group Post Gains
The Wall Street Journal, 10/25/01
U.S. directors to be graded by activist: The 'bond' treatment (Toronto edition headline.); Directors to get the bond treatment: Members of boards to be graded by shareholder activists (All but Toronto edition headline.)
National Post, 10/25/01
UK: U.S. stocks drift in Europe as wary tone persists.
Reuters English News Service, 10/25/01
WORLD STOCK MARKETS - Wall St favours US tech stocks over blue chips AMERICAS.
Financial Times (U.K. edition), 10/25/01
Enron replaces CFO Andy Fastow
CBSMarketWatch, 10/25/01
USA: UPDATE 1-Beleaguered Enron names new CFO.
Reuters English News Service, 10/24/01
USA: Utility stocks drop on slipping expectations.
Reuters English News Service, 10/24/01
Berger & Montague Alleges Enron Misled Investors About Overvalued Assets And Off-Balance Sheet Deals
PR Newswire, 10/24/01
Enron Replaces Fastow as Finance Chief --- McMahon Takes Over Post; Move Follows Concerns Over Partnership Deals
By Rebecca Smith and John R. Emshwiller
Staff Reporters of The Wall Street Journal
10/25/2001
The Wall Street Journal
A3
Enron Corp. replaced its embattled chief financial officer, Andrew S. Fastow, capping a tumultuous day in which the huge energy company saw its stock price again fall sharply and help pull down the share prices of other major energy-trading companies.=20
Investors appeared worried that Enron's recent woes could have a destabilizing effect on the energy-trading market. The Houston energy powerhouse, with annualized revenue topping $150 billion and assets of more than $60 billion, handles transactions representing roughly one-quarter of the nation's traded-electricity and natural-gas volumes. In less than two years of operation, its EnronOnline trading platform has become a central marketplace for the energy business and already has handled more than $880 billion in transactions.
"Enron makes the market. Make no mistake about that," said Merrill Lynch analyst Donato Eassey. "There's not a trader out there that doesn't use EnronOnline." As such, Enron enters into thousands of transactions every day in which the company's credit-worthiness is critical. Enron said its business operations were functioning normally yesterday. The company also has consistently said it is financially strong and liquid.=20
Enron said its new chief financial officer is Jeffrey McMahon, the 40-year-old head of the company's industrial-markets division. His selection may be intended, in part, to raise the company's credibility. People familiar with the matter say Mr. McMahon left his job as treasurer last year after voicing concerns within the company about Mr. Fastow's role in running two limited partnerships that were involved in billions of dollars worth of transactions with Enron. Internal partnership documents indicate Mr. Fastow and possibly a handful of associates made millions of dollars from the partnerships. Mr. Fastow severed his ties with those partnerships in July in the face of increasing conflict-of-interest concerns being expressed by Wall Street analysts and major Enron investors. On Monday, Enron announced that the Securities and Exchange Commission was looking into the Fastow-related transactions.=20
While Enron as recently as Tuesday strongly defended Mr. Fastow, as well as the company's dealings with the partnerships, controversy over those arrangements clearly played a role in the executive's departure. "In my continued discussions with the financial community, it became clear to me that restoring investor confidence would require us to replace Andy as CFO," said Chairman and Chief Executive Kenneth Lay in a prepared statement.=20
Enron said Mr. Fastow "will be on a leave of absence from the company." He couldn't be reached for comment.=20
It remains to be seen how much Mr. Fastow's removal will assuage an increasingly restive investment community. The action came after the 4 p.m. market close and followed a day in which Enron's stock once again plunged. As of 4 p.m. in New York Stock Exchange composite trading, Enron shares were at $16.41, down $3.38, or 17%. It topped the Big Board's most active list at nearly 76 million shares, more than twice the volume of the second-most-active stock. Several trades yesterday involved blocks of 800,000 shares or more, possibly indicating that some institutional holders are souring on Enron stock.=20
Enron's shares are down about 50% from the beginning of last week. Earlier this year, the stock was above $80 a share.=20
In an apparent ripple effect, the stocks of other energy-trading companies, which do business with Enron, also fell sharply yesterday. For instance, Dynegy Inc. shares on the Big Board were off $5.45, or 13%, at $37.26. A number of the energy companies hit by the selloff have business strategies much different than Enron's, which rely heavily on complex and highly structured investment vehicles.=20
Prudential Securities analyst Carol Coale said Mr. Fastow's departure could be seen as evidence that "management does care" about investor concerns. However, she adds, the move also could be viewed by some investors, coming as it did two days after the announcement of the SEC inquiry, as "an admission of guilt." Ms. Coale yesterday issued a sell recommendation on Enron largely because of uncertainties about the company's extremely complex financial structure.=20
Enron has consistently denied any wrongdoing in its Fastow-related dealings.=20
Worries and rumors about Enron's financial strength could be found in the stock market yesterday. Goldman Sachs analyst David Fleischer said he heard people voice concerns about a possible "death spiral" in which increasing credit concerns about Enron would decrease the number of people willing to do business with the company, which would in turn weaken its finances and lead to further business reductions. Mr. Fleischer, a longtime fan who still has a buy recommendation on the company, said he hasn't yet seen any evidence of such a problem.=20
However, Mr. Fleischer said, Enron needs to disclose more information about its myriad of financial transactions with related partnerships and other entities. Enron is facing a problem with "trust and credibility. It's not easy to regain something as basic as trust," he said.
Business/Financial Desk; Section C
Enron Ousts Finance Chief As S.E.C. Looks at Dealings
By FLOYD NORRIS
10/25/2001
The New York Times
Page 2, Column 5
c. 2001 New York Times Company
The Enron Corporation, its stock battered by a sudden loss of investor confidence, yesterday ousted its chief financial officer, Andrew S. Fastow, whose involvement in complicated transactions with Enron has drawn the scrutiny of the Securities and Exchange Commission.=20
''In my continued discussions with the financial community, it became clear to me that restoring investor confidence would require us to replace Andy as C.F.O.,'' Kenneth L. Lay, Enron's chairman and chief executive, said in a statement announcing the change. Only one day before, Mr. Lay had told investors in a conference call that he and the Enron board ''continue to have the highest faith and confidence in Andy The company said that Mr. Fastow had taken a leave of absence, but it also named his successor, Jeffrey McMahon, the head of Enron's industrial markets group and a former corporate treasurer.=20
Enron said none of the officials were available for interviews last night.=20
The move came after the close of trading on the New York Stock Exchange, where Enron's shares fell $3.38, to $16.41. The price has been cut in half since Oct. 16, when Enron reported its third-quarter earnings. A $1.2 billion reduction in shareholder equity brought on by ending some relationships with partnerships that Mr. Fastow had headed was not disclosed in the earnings news release. Mr. Lay briefly mentioned it in the conference call that followed, but some analysts thought he was referring to a separate $1 billion write-off that was disclosed in the earnings document, and were angered when they later learned about it.=20
On Tuesday, when both Mr. Fastow and Mr. Lay discussed the company with analysts on the conference call, neither was willing to discuss details of the transactions between Enron and the partnerships formerly controlled by Mr. Fastow. Mr. Lay cited the S.E.C. inquiry in declining to discuss the details of the transactions.=20
The fact the transactions took place has been known for a year, but Enron's disclosures have been widely criticized for being impossible to understand.=20
By structuring the deals as involving forward commitments to deliver Enron stock, it appears that Enron was able to assure that losses on them would not lead to reported losses, but instead to reductions of shareholder equity that had no effect on the income statement. That is one of the issues the S.E.C., whose inquiries were disclosed Monday by the company, is expected to address.=20
Concerns have also grown this week over whether Enron will face losses from complicated financing strategies that kept billions of dollars of debts off its balance sheet but left the company responsible for paying -- either in cash or with stock -- if things went wrong. On Tuesday, Mr. Fastow assured investors that the company ''expects to continue to have sufficient liquidity to meet normal obligations,'' and said it had bank credit lines that were more than adequate.=20
Mr. Fastow was viewed as one of the architects, with Jeffrey K. Skilling, the former Enron chief executive who resigned in August, of the change in business strategy that turned Enron from a gas-pipeline company into a an energy trading powerhouse that developed a large Wall Street following. Its stock price peaked in the summer of 2000 at $90.75.=20
According to a person close to the company, while Mr. McMahon, Mr. Fastow's successor, was Enron's treasurer, he told Mr. Skilling, who at the time was the chief operating officer, that he thought the partnerships involving Mr. Fastow presented a conflict of interest. After that discussion, Mr. McMahon moved to a different job at the company, this person said.=20
Shares of Enron traded as low as $15.51 yesterday afternoon, the lowest price for the stock since early 1995, before recovering. In after-hours trading, they fell to $16.14.=20
One of the factors that hurt the stock yesterday was a decision by M. Carol Coale, an analyst at Prudential Securities, to drop her rating to ''sell'' from ''hold.'' She had lowered the rating to ''hold'' from ''buy'' on Monday.=20
''After the S.E.C. inquiry was announced,'' she said in an interview yesterday evening, ''Enron should have addressed it by delivering a scapegoat, as a gesture to the Street. Now they are replacing him today. The timing is a little late, but I think it will be received positively by the Street.''=20
But she said that investor sentiment might work the other way. ''People could fear that if you remove Fastow from the management team, you'll never get any answers 
Financial
Pressured Enron Ousts CFO
10/25/2001
The Washington Post
FINAL
E02
Enron replaced Andrew Fastow as its chief financial officer, a day after chief executive Kenneth Lay stressed the company's confidence in Fastow, who performed dual roles as the energy giant's CFO while managing partnerships with which Enron did business. "In my continued discussions with the financial community, it became clear to me that restoring investor confidence would require us to replace Andy as CFO," Lay said in a statement. The partnerships have been dissolved.=20
Oct. 25, 2001, 12:06AM
Houston Chronicle
Enron replaces CFO to reassure investors=20
By LAURA GOLDBERG=20
In a bid to repair its badly damaged credibility on Wall Street, Houston-based Enron Corp. removed its chief financial officer Wednesday, as federal securities regulators review business dealings between Enron and two investment partnerships that he ran.=20
Enron, the world's largest energy trader, said Chief Financial Officer Andrew Fastow had been put on a "leave of absence" for an undetermined period and named another Enron executive, Jeff McMahon, as his replacement. The company said the move was not a reflection on Fastow or a belief that he had done anything improper.=20
"In my continued discussions with the financial community, it became clear to me that restoring investor confidence would require us to replace Andy as CFO," Enron Chairman and CEO Ken Lay said in a statement after the stock market closed on a day investors continued dumping shares.=20
Enron, which had seen its stock battered this year for a variety of reasons, found itself high on Wall Street's hit list after it released third-quarter earnings on Oct 16.=20
The earnings report drew renewed attention to something investors and analysts had already expressed displeasure at: Fastow, with the approval of Enron's board, had formed and run two investment partnerships -- LJM Cayman and LJM2 Co-Investment.=20
The partnerships, which did complex financing and hedging deals with Enron, served as a source of funding for Enron projects and investments.=20
But Wall Street questioned how Fastow could watch out for the interests of Enron's shareholders and the investment partnership at the same time.=20
So Fastow, in June, resigned his roles at the partnerships and Enron also ended its relationships with the LJM entities. During the third-quarter, Enron took a $35 million loss related to ending its LJM ties as well as a $1.2 billion reduction in shareholder equity.=20
Tuesday, Lay told analysts and investors that procedures were rigorously followed to ensure the interests of Enron and its shareholders were protected in dealings with the LJM partnerships. He said a "Chinese wall" existed between Enron and LJM.=20
Fastow's replacement, McMahon, previously served as Enron's treasurer before moving last year to another job with Enron. Most recently, he headed up the company's industrial markets group. A source close to Enron said McMahon asked to be reassigned from the treasurer's job because he was uncomfortable with the Fastow-LJM setup.=20
Enron spokesman Mark Palmer said neither Fastow nor McMahon was available for comment Wednesday. He also didn't know whether Fastow is still receiving a salary.=20
Enron disclosed on Monday that federal securities regulators had begun an "informal inquiry" into the LJM dealings.=20
The news proved terrible for a company already working to rebuild investor confidence after a series of failed investments in telecommunications, water and retail power businesses and the surprise resignation of CEO Jeff Skilling in August for personal reasons.=20
A continuously growing number of shareholder lawsuits against Enron followed the earnings report and the news of the SEC inquiry.=20
Wall Street has stepped up its chronic complaints that Enron's various financial dealings are too complex to follow and that the company fails to give analysts enough data to make proper evaluations.=20
Beyond the LJM partnerships, investors are concerned about two other partnerships Enron set up. Among the worries is that Enron will end up having to issue new shares of stock to cover commitments associated with those entities.=20
Investors wouldn't like that because it would dilute the value of current outstanding shares. They are also afraid that Enron's debt credit rating may be downgraded, which could have negative impacts on its overall business.=20
In the last six days, Enron's shares have closed lower and lower. On Oct. 16, the stock closed at $33.84. On Wednesday it closed at $16.41, down $3.38.=20
Wednesday, the hubbub surrounding Enron also dragged down shares in other companies that engage in energy trading, including Houston-based Dynegy, which closed down $5.45 at $37.26. There is concern Enron's woes could in some way end up harming the energy trading markets.=20
A conference call Lay and senior executives, including Fastow, held with analysts Tuesday to help clear up questions didn't go as Enron hoped.=20
On Wednesday, Carol Coale, an analyst with Prudential Securities in Houston, moved from a "hold" to a "sell" rating.=20
FRONT PAGE - FIRST SECTION - Enron replaces finance chief.
By JULIE EARLE and SHEILA MCNULTY.
10/25/2001
Financial Times (U.K. edition)
(c) 2001 Financial Times Limited . All Rights Reserved
FRONT PAGE - FIRST SECTION - Enron replaces finance chief - Energy company attempts to halt sharp decline in its share price.=20
Enron, the US energy group, yesterday replaced its embattled chief financial officer, Andrew Fastow, to try to halt a slide in its share price, which has lost about 40 per cent of its value this week.
Kenneth Lay, Enron's chief executive officer, said after the market closed that Mr Fastow was taking a leave of absence. The move came a day after Mr Lay defended Mr Fastow amid questions about his ties to controversial partnerships that had forced Enron to take a $1.2bn write-off.=20
That loss, revealed last week, sparked the share sell-off amid concerns there may be more bad news to come. Enron disclosed the loss during an October 16 conference call with analysts on its third-quarter results, saying the charge stemmed from closing funding mechanisms that Enron had set up in the partnerships established with Mr Fastow.=20
Analysts say the charge has not been satisfactorily explained, leading to confusion among investors and an unofficial inquiry by the Securities and Exchange Commission.=20
"In my continued discussions with the financial community, it became clear to me that restoring investor confidence would require us to replace Andy as CFO," Mr Lay said. He said Jeff McMahon, chairman and chief executive of Enron's industrial markets group, would replace Mr Fastow. Mr McMahon earlier served as Enron's treasurer.=20
Analysts said it was unclear whether Mr Fastow's departure would be enough. Carol Coale, of Prudential Securities, said the move was positive in demonstrating that Enron was being sensitive to Wall Street, which had called for Mr Fastow to be replaced. Yet, she added, it came three days after those calls.=20
Ms Coale issued a "sell" recommendation on Enron earlier yesterday, leading to a drop of almost 18 per cent in its share price. "We are concerned about what we don't know," Ms Coale said. She was concerned that Enron might have to sell assets below book value to maintain its credit rating, or be forced to issue equity to bolster its balance sheet. Enron might also lose customers to competitors that were not under such pressure.=20
Enron believes such concerns are misplaced and the SEC inquiry will prove the company has done nothing wrong. Lex, Page 16.=20
COMPANIES & FINANCE THE AMERICAS - 'Sell' note issued on Enron shares.
By SHEILA MCNULTY.
10/25/2001
Financial Times (U.K. edition)
(c) 2001 Financial Times Limited . All Rights Reserved
Shares in Enron, the US energy group, fell again yesterday after Prudential Securities issued a "sell" note on concerns that the $1.2bn loss taken by the company last week might not be the end of its bad news.=20
In the first hour of New York Stock Exchange trading, Enron's stock was the biggest percentage loser, dropping 20.2 per cent to $15.80 - its lowest level since August 1995 "We are concerned about what we don't know," said Carol Coale, the Prudential analyst who covers Enron.=20
She was disappointed that Enron had not been more forthcoming in the conference call it held on Tuesday in response to charges it was not being transparent.=20
Investors have been abandoning the stock since October 16, when Enron told analysts it was taking a $1.2bn loss in shutting down funding mechanisms it had set up in controversial partnerships established with Andrew Fastow, the chief financial officer.=20
This charge has not been thoroughly explained, leading to confusion among analysts and an unofficial inquiry by the Securities and Exchange Commission.=20
Ms Coale said she was concerned Enron might have to sell assets below book value to maintain its credit rating, or be forced to issue equity to bolster its balance sheet. She said Enron might lose customers to competitors that are not under such pressure.=20
Enron believes such concerns are misplaced and that the SEC enquiry will prove that the company has done nothing wrong.=20
LEX COLUMN - Enron.
10/25/2001
Financial Times (U.K. edition)
(c) 2001 Financial Times Limited . All Rights Reserved
Enron=20
To lose a chief executive may be regarded as a misfortune. To lose the chief financial officer as well looks like carelessness.
Enron's effort to increase transparency, revealing more operating data in its third quarter release, was undermined by its decision to gloss over a $1.2bn equity charge related to the closing of "related party transactions" with two off-balance sheet financing vehicles. And it neglected to mention that the vehicles were run by Andrew Fastow, its CFO. Conflict of interest anyone?=20
The Securities and Exchange Commission is conducting an informal inquiry. Investors, angry after the initial revelation, had reason to feel more so after its conference call, which was supposed to clear up confusion over the financing vehicles and related party transactions. The call had the opposite effect.=20
The charge to shareholders' equity, and the related reduction in notes receivable, was the result of closing one of the vehicles - and the termination of previously recorded contractual obligations to deliver Enron shares. The uncertainty is whether Enron might have to sell assets or issue new stock to cover possible shortfalls in other vehicles. Credit concerns and lack of disclosure explain the weakness of stock and bond prices. Enron is unlikely to lose its investment grade status, but dilution is a real risk for shareholders. Mr Fastow has gone (following Jeffrey Skilling, former chief executive, who quit after only six months as CEO). But the credibility problem goes beyond one individual.=20
Enron Corp. Cut to `Market Perform' at Banc of America
2001-10-25 08:49 (New York)
Princeton, New Jersey, Oct. 25 (Bloomberg Data) -- Enron Corp. (ENE US)
was downgraded to ``market perform'' from ``strong buy'' by analyst William J
Maze at Banc of America.
Baring Asset Management's McClen on Enron: Investor Comments
2001-10-25 08:09 (New York)
London, Oct. 25 (Bloomberg) -- The following are comments by
Catherine McClen, who helps manage about $17 billion of bonds for
Baring Asset Management, about Enron Corp.
Yesterday, Enron ousted Chief Financial Officer Andrew Fastow
amid a Securities and Exchange Commission inquiry into
partnerships he ran that cost the largest energy trader
$35 million. McClen said Baring bought credit-linked notes issued
by Houston-based Enron during the summer.
``Given what has happened, with them basically firing Andy
Fastow, the CFO, they've finally woken up to how concerned people
are about the management-credibility issue.'' On a recent
conference call ``no one thought they did themselves any favor in
terms of calming investors' concerns 
``They were slightly hiding behind the fact that the SEC has
got this inquiry going. The fact that two days later Andy is gone,
and he was in the center, is a good sign that the company is
realizing just how concerned investors are 
``There's always that worry once the SEC gets involved that
it could extend. You never know what could come of that 
``There is a bit of fear of the unknown about Enron now, with
the SEC inquiry and the risk that there could be further asset
write-downs 
``Another thing they're criticized for is their lack of
disclosure. We still haven't seen a balance sheet for the third
quarter 
``People are saying, why don't you include a balance sheet
with your results? They promised better disclosure in the past and
that was meant to begin in the third quarter 
``You'd like to see just more information on asset write-
downs and a discussion of their off-balance-sheet financing -- all
these vehicles they have like Marlin and Osprey 
``We'd like to see some clarity, answering those sort of
questions 
``It seems as though Enron at least are maybe at the start of
a process where they're going to address and clean up their
balance sheet and they've started to replace management 
``Investors have already had enough issues'' in corporate
bonds recently and ``sometimes investors just think, `Not another
nasty in my portfolio,' and I'd rather exit 
``For certain investors maybe they just get scared. I wanted
to know more about it. People had speculated if it could go to
junk. I don't think they could because I don't think Enron could
exist as a junk company 
``There's a certain reluctance'' to sell the bonds. ``You
want to stand back for a moment and look at the fundamentals      ``When the spreads have already moved out that wide you have
to reassess and see whether you think it's a buying opportunity 
--Christine Harper in the London newsroom (44 20) 7330-7982 or
charper@bloomberg.net /jom
Enron ousts CFO amid partnership questions
By PAM EASTON
Associated Press Writer
10/25/2001
Associated Press Newswires
HOUSTON (AP) - Enron Corp. may have added another question to the list investors already have by ousting its chief financial officer a day after the company stressed its confidence in Andrew Fastow amid a Securities and Exchange Commission inquiry.=20
"It could either be viewed as a positive step toward easing investor concern or it could be interpreted as if Enron removed the CFO at the request of the SEC," Prudential Securities Inc. analyst Carol Coale said Wednesday. "Who knows?"
Enron officials hope it will result in increased investor confidence after the energy trading giant's stocks have declined in value each day since Monday's announcement that the SEC had inquired about partnerships that did business with Enron while they were managed by Fastow.=20
"In my continued discussions with the financial community, it became clear to me that restoring investor confidence would require us to replace Andy as CFO," Enron chief executive officer Kenneth Lay said after markets closed Wednesday.=20
Fastow will take a leave of absence from the company while Jeff McMahon, who has served as chairman and chief executive of Enron's Industrial Markets group, takes over his role.=20
"I think change is good at this particular point in time," said FAC Equities analyst Robert Christensen said. "I think Andy was somewhat beleaguered."=20
A.G. Edwards & Sons analyst Mike Heim, however, said it will take more than replacing Fastow as chief financial officer to clear the uncertainty looming in the financial world about Enron and its partnerships.=20
"I think the reason why the stock has been declining so sharply the last few days is due to a lack of clarity on the partnership arrangements," Heim said.=20
Replacing Fastow alone won't clarify those arrangements, he added.=20
"There is still uncertainty despite promises by management to be more transparent to the financial community," Heim said. "Instead of being more transparent there is more confusion than ever."=20
Enron's stock continued to plummet Wednesday, closing down $3.38 to $16.41 per share, a 17 percent decline.=20
Since the Wall Street Journal first reported on the partnerships last week, Enron's stock price has slid nearly 52 percent.=20
"The market was asking for that to happen," J.P. Morgan analyst Anatol Feygin said of Fastow's departure. "This is really the first time Enron has acted as an agent of the shareholder in this crisis."=20
Previously, Enron's managers have been "cautious and defensive in their approach," he said.=20
During a conference call Tuesday to address investor concern, Lay said the partnerships were fully disclosed and contained measures to ensure no conflict existed as Fastow carried out the dual roles. The partnerships have since been dissolved.=20
The call didn't work for many, including Feygin and Heim.=20
"I didn't hear things like we've unrolled all these partnership dealings or here's all the exact details of how the partnerships work or we don't ever expect to take any more charges," Heim said. "What I heard is we don't have to disclose that information until the 10-Q is filed."=20
The turbulent past few months which have included the SEC inquiry, third quarter losses and the August resignation of the company's chief executive officer, Jeff Skilling, have left many analysts questioning the company's future, Heim said.=20
"It's really a speculative bet right now, but the odds favor the company being able to weather the storm and being a healthy company if not a year from now, two years from now," he said.=20
But much is going to depend on how much Enron discloses to its investors, Feygin said.=20
Feygin said McMahon worked as Enron's treasurer for two years under Fastow before a disagreement over Fastow's involvement in the partnerships caused McMahon to leave his job as treasurer.=20
"Internally, Jeff was always a proponent of Andy not being involved in (the partnerships)," Feygin said. "Three days ago I would have said there is no need for a change at the CFO level. Today, it was pretty obvious it was something Enron needed to do."
Financial Post Investing
Hot Stock
Enron fires CFO to quell unrest: Stock meltdown
Jason Chow
Financial Post, with files from Bloomberg News
10/25/2001
National Post
National
IN1 / Front
(c) National Post 2001. All Rights Reserved.
Facing a crisis of confidence in the market, Enron Corp. replaced its chief financial officer yesterday as its stock continued to tumble.=20
After failing to rally the support of analysts in a damage-control conference call Tuesday, the Houston-based energy trader dropped chief financial officer Andrew Fastow, who has been linked to transactions being looked at by the Securities and Exchange Commission. He was replaced by former treasurer Jeff McMahon.
The move came after Enron shares (ENE/NYSE) dropped US$3.38 to US$16.41. The stock has dropped 55% in the past two weeks -- wiping out US$10-billion of shareholder wealth.=20
"In my continued discussions with the financial community, it became clear to me that restoring investor confidence would require us to replace Andy as CFO," Enron chief executive Kenneth Lay said.=20
Early last week, Enron reported a US$618-million third-quarter loss, resulting from US$1.01-billion in write-offs.=20
The company also disclosed a US$1.2-billion reduction in shareholder equity for the quarter as a result of terminating certain transactions related to a partnership that for a time was headed by Mr. Fastow.=20
In July, Mr. Fastow ended his connection to the partnership in the face of growing concerns by analysts and major investors. The SEC is currently looking into the partnership arrangement.=20
The turmoil of the past several days prompted Enron to schedule a conference call Tuesday morning with Wall Street analysts to reassure investors.=20
During the call, Enron officials declined to specify Mr. Fastow's role in the partnership, citing the ongoing SEC investigation and a derivative lawsuit filed against Enron that alleges its board breached its fiduciary duties by allowing Mr. Fastow to create and run the partnerships.=20
The stock came under renewed pressure early in the day after analyst Carol Coale of Prudential Financial downgraded the stock for the second time this week, to "sell" from "hold." Ms. Coale said the rating change is "not because of things we do know but because of things that we potentially don't know about the company."=20
Volume was very heavy, with 75.8 million shares changing hands. Average daily volume is 6.7 million shares.=20
J.P. Morgan analyst Anatol Feygin was also less than impressed with Enron's line during the conference call.=20
The company acknowledged that transactions with partnerships run by its chief financial officer led to a writedown of US$1.2-billion in shareholder equity. But Mr. Feygin said management was "defensive" when pressed for details.=20
Ms. Coale reduced her price target down US$15 from US$55, assuming more bad news was to come.=20
While the allegations of impropriety cloud Enron, Mr. Feygin said the company's credit situation could be the more crucial factor for its short-term fortunes.=20
Last week, Moody's Investors Service placed all US$13-billion of the company's long-term debt securities on watch for possible downgrade. If Moody's lowered its rating, Enron's short-term debt costs would rise.
Enron replaces CFO Fastow in wake of LJM probe; appoints McMahon
10/25/2001
AFX News
(c) 2001 by AFP-Extel News Ltd
HOUSTON (AFX) - Enron Corp said it named Jeff McMahon chief financial officer in place of Andrew Fastow.=20
Announcing McMahon's appointment, Chairman Kenneth Lay said: "In my continued discussions with the financial community, it became clear to me that restoring investor confidence would require us to replace Andy as CFO."
Enron shares have fallen sharply in recent days on concerns over financial transactions made with the two LJM partnerships run by Fastow, which analysts said could affect future earnings and which have prompted class action suits against the company.=20
On Monday, Enron announced that the Securities and Exchange Commission was looking into the Fastow-related transactions.=20
McMahon had been serving as chairman and CEO of Enron's Industrial Markets group.=20
The Wall Street Journal quoted people familiar with the matter as saying McMahon left his job as treasurer last year after voicing concerns within the company about Fastow's role in running the two partnerships.=20
Internal documents indicate Fastow and possibly a handful of associates made millions of dollars from the partnerships, the newspaper reported.=20
jms For more information and to contact AFX: www.afxnews.com and www.afxpress.com
Business
THE TICKER
ENRON: Embattled chief financial officer ousted
From Tribune news services
10/25/2001
Chicago Tribune
North Sports Final ; N
2
Enron Corp. ousted Andrew Fastow as its chief financial officer Wednesday, a day after Chief Executive Kenneth Lay stressed the company's confidence in him despite growing controversy over Fastow's role overseeing partnerships that did business with the energy- trading giant.=20
"In my continued discussions with the financial community, it became clear to me that restoring investor confidence would require us to replace Andy as CFO," Lay said in a statement..
The company said Fastow had taken a leave of absence, but it also named his successor, Jeff McMahon, the head of Enron's industrial markets group and a former corporate treasurer.=20
The move came after the close of trading on the New York Stock Exchange, where Enron's shares fell $3.38, to $16.41. The price has been cut in half since Oct. 16, after Enron's third-quarter earnings release failed to disclose the partnerships.
Business; Financial Desk
Enron Ousts CFO Amid SEC Probe
Bloomberg News
10/25/2001
Los Angeles Times
Home Edition
C-3
HOUSTON -- Enron Corp. ousted Chief Financial Officer Andrew Fastow Wednesday amid a Securities and Exchange Commission inquiry into partnerships he ran that cost the largest energy trader $35 million.=20
Enron named Jeff McMahon, head of its industrial markets group, as CFO because "it became clear to me that restoring investor confidence would require us to replace Andy," Chairman and Chief Executive Kenneth Lay said.
Fastow will take a leave of absence.=20
Shares of Enron, based in Houston, have plunged 80% this year. Third-quarter charges of $1.01 billion from failed investments outside the main commodities trading business wiped out 70% of the profit earned in the last four quarters.=20
"Investors were clearly not comfortable with exposure to Andy," said J.P. Morgan analyst Anatol Feygin, who downgraded Enron to "long-term buy" and owns no shares.=20
Fastow, 39, ran LJM Cayman and LJM2 Co-Investment, two partnerships created by Enron to buy company assets. Enron's involvement in the financing vehicles cost the company $35 million in third-quarter losses.=20
Enron also bought back 62 million shares from LJM2 at a cost of $1.2 billion to unwind its investment.=20
During a conference call Tuesday, Lay said, "I and Enron's board of directors continue to have the highest faith and confidence in Andy and think he's doing an outstanding job as CFO."=20
Enron announced that Fastow would leave after its stock closed down $3.38, or 17%, to $16.41 in trading Wednesday on the New York Stock Exchange, setting a new 52-week low.=20
The SEC began an inquiry into Enron's partnerships Monday. Spokeswoman Karen Denne said it is an informal inquiry that Enron is cooperating with, and that no subpoenas have been received.=20
The company has formed at least 18 affiliated partnerships and corporations, some of which buy and sell Enron assets such as power plants, records at the Texas secretary of state's office indicate.
Shell-Shocked Enron Parts With CFO
By Peter Eavis  Senior Columnist
10/24/2001 06:40 PM EDT
URL TheStreet.com
Enron's (ENE:NYSE - news - commentary) problems won't go out the door with Andrew Fastow.=20
The finance chief, who was replaced Wednesday, came under scrutiny as the executive who orchestrated and profited from a hedging deal that went sour, saddling Enron with a $1.2 billion charge to equity. As details of this deal, and others, have emerged over the past two weeks, Enron stock has collapsed, falling 54% in just seven days.=20
Wednesday, the stock fell a further 17% on enormous volume, signifying that once-faithful mutual fund holders were bailing. Also Wednesday, a raft of once-friendly analysts downgraded the stock. Faced with betrayal on that scale, Enron management at last felt compelled to act; a press release says Fastow is taking a leave of absence. He's been replaced by Jeffrey McMahon, formerly CEO of Enron's industrial markets group.=20
How might the Enron bulls spin this? Likely, they will point to McMahon's alleged opposition to Fastow's role in the big hedging deal, called LJM2, to show that the "Fastow era" is over. The Wall Street Journal, citing anonymous sources, reported Tuesday that as treasurer at Enron McMahon complained about Fastow's possible conflict of interest. Probably, the fear was that Fastow couldn't serve Enron and LJM2 equally, especially as he was allegedly making a lot of money from LJM2.=20
Clearly, if McMahon turns out to be a new broom, that's a positive for Enron. An Enron spokeswoman declined to comment on whether The Journal's account of McMahon's stance on LJM2 was correct.=20
Not much else is encouraging, however. Fastow's departure shows that it took massive drops in Enron stock to force senior management into action. On a difficult conference call Tuesday, CEO Ken Lay gave Fastow resounding backing. It took Wednesday's plunge to get Lay to sign off on a new CFO. In other words, Lay listens only when the market screams and hollers. How much further does the stock have to fall to bring further much-needed reforms at the company?=20
The spokeswoman responds that Lay had discussions with analysts Tuesday and Wednesday that led him to the conclusion that Fastow's replacement was necessary to rebuild investor confidence.=20
Enron culture is thick with financial sorcery. People got upset by one shadowy deal, but no one knows exactly how the company's core energy trading business makes money. It's hard to believe the LJM2 deals were done in isolation and without the knowledge of the board.=20
In fact, the chatter is that Fastow and former CEO Jeff Skilling proposed the LJM2 transactions to the board after it was reluctant to enter the broadband business. The board apparently feared the volatility that might come from being in broadband, so Fastow allegedly proposed LJM2 as a way to hedge that volatility away. This meant LJM2 entered agreements that gave it access to increases in the value of broadband assets but protected Enron from the downside. Should the whole board be on the hook, too? The spokeswoman responds that the board would not have entered the LJM2 transaction if it had not thought it would benefit Enron and its shareholders.=20
Lay has shown himself to be woefully out of touch with the market's views. Arguably, that's downright reckless for a trading company that is dependent on potentially skittish short-term financing. Letting things get this bad has risked good faith among Enron counterparties and bankers. It shows an unhealthy reluctance to address key problems until they're unavoidable. The spokeswoman responds that the company is now working hard to improve transparency.=20
Any efforts in that direction will be much appreciated, but is it any wonder people compare this lot to Long Term Capital Management?=20
Phew! Enron Stinks
By James J. Cramer  
RealMoney.com
10/25/2001 07:04 AM EDT
URL 
Did Enron (ENE:NYSE - news - commentary) cause the energy crisis? Did it create a short squeeze in energy by buying up all available power and hoarding it, perhaps in a series of partnerships that it controlled? Did we wipe out billions in equity of utilities in some sort of bizarre zero-sum game in which Enron won it all and shareholders from California utilities lost?=20
And was Enron at the hub of a vast power conspiracy to screw the U.S. consumer?=20
Somehow, I believe that if it weren't for the events of Sept. 11 and its aftermath, these questions would be asked right now by a Justice Department antitrust division or a Congressional investigation. To me, this one smells worse than anything that Microsoft might have done at one time.=20
And we need to give some of these departed Enron execs immunity to get to the bottom of what may have been the greatest antitrust act in history.=20
We ought to do it fast, too, while there is some Enron left to pay the treble damages that violators owe.=20
What surprises me is that some enterprising young prosecutor doesn't want to make his name blowing this one wide open.=20
This nation must stop at nothing to get the terrorists. But it can't abandon the white-collar folks, either.=20
There was just too much money lost too fast for what, in an era where energy seems pretty plentiful, couldn't possibly, in retrospect, be considered a real shortage.=20
If you don't know about the NNG quality posting that's probably a good sign that it hasn't been posted yet.  I'm hoping to have a conversation with Mary Kay tomorrow before its posted. Thanks.  Get back to your kid stuff now!
Bob,
FYI.  The statements about Transco not honoring EOL contracts doesn't make sense to me.  I don't understand if they are saying that they are cutting supply or not honoring transportation nominations 
I had a call from Shawn Amaya from Duke Energy who relayed information that Transco was not honoring any EOL contracts to flow.  He asked if we would post a notice if NNG was not going to flow EOL/ENA gas.  I indicated that we are presently doing business as usual with all our customers 
Kevin,
Please call ASAP.  While I have been working through the theory on how to make this happen, but I don't know the details on which pipelines and which accounts.
Please change bank accounts for customer payments asap. We will get account numbers for you.
Also tell shelley to notify the customers to send the payments to the new accounts.
I would like an updated copy of the schedule you brought me with adescription from the reps about why the customer is saying that they haven't paid.  Especially Peoples.  On first glance it looks like many of the items relate to capacity release or Peoples.
Jennie,
When you get in tomorrow, could you please check whether the direct flight on the 15th cleared.  If not, please advise which flight path I'm currently cleared on  
I don't want to lose the return home through Moscow on the 31st (waitlisted also for 29th or 30th); but I may also need to return immediately after my court date from Almaty on Dec 23 (in such case my husband would fly back to Moscow to pick up our daughter after the 1st of the year).   I would like to make such a reservation is possible.
I think you can probably let all the other waitlisted items go for me.
Please call me when you get a chance.
Shelley Corman
713-853-7083
TRAVEL ON                       AFTER HOURS: 800-366-2100 REFERENCE: 16XL  
9000 VIRGINIA MANOR ROAD STE 201 BELTSVILLE MARYLAND 20705 FOR YOUR UNIQUE TRAVEL ON TELEPHONE NUMBER...SEE BELOW  SHELLEY CORMAN  14126 SCARBOROUGH FAIR  HOUSTON TX 77077  
DATE OF ISSUE: DEC 12 2001  ITIN/INVOICE NBR: ITIN         PAGE: 01
FROM             TO           AIRLINE   FLT   DEP   ARR      STATUS 15 DEC 01 SATURDAY 
HOUSTON/INTCON  DENVER          UNITED      1667 1215P  130P CONFIRMED 
CLASS:V  AUDIO  ELAPSED TIME- 2:15  MILES-  861
NONSTOP                      EQUIP-BOEING 737-500  
DENVER          FRANKFURT       LUFTHANSA    447  455P 1040A CONFIRMED 
CLASS:M  MEAL                                      ARRIVAL DATE-16 DEC
ELAPSED TIME- 9:45  MILES- 5038
NONSTOP                      EQUIP-340  
16 DEC 01 SUNDAY FRANKFURT       ALMATY          LUFTHANSA    648  210P  145A CONFIRMED 
CLASS:M  MEAL                                      ARRIVAL DATE-17 DEC
ELAPSED TIME- 6:35  MILES- 3173
NONSTOP                      EQUIP-340  
SURFACE TRANSPORTATION  
15 DEC 01 SATURDAY 
HOUSTON/INTCON  FRANKFURT       LUFTHANSA    441  440P  935A WAITLISTED
CLASS:M  MEAL                                      ARRIVAL DATE-16 DEC
ELAPSED TIME- 9:55  MILES- 5231
NONSTOP                      EQUIP-340  
SURFACE TRANSPORTATION  
15 DEC 01 SATURDAY 
WASH/DULLES     FRANKFURT       LUFTHANSA    419  610P  750A WAITLISTED
CLASS:M  MEAL                                      ARRIVAL DATE-16 DEC
ELAPSED TIME- 7:40  MILES- 4080
NONSTOP                      EQUIP-BOEING 747 JET  
SURFACE TRANSPORTATION  
CHICAGO/OHARE   FRANKFURT       LUFTHANSA    431  415P  720A WAITLISTED
CLASS:M  MEAL                                      ARRIVAL DATE-16 DEC
ELAPSED TIME- 8:05  MILES- 4342
NONSTOP                      EQUIP-BOEING 747 JET  
SURFACE TRANSPORTATION  
DALLAS/FT WOR   FRANKFURT       LUFTHANSA    439  345P  835A WAITLISTED
CLASS:M  MEAL                                      ARRIVAL DATE-16 DEC
ELAPSED TIME- 9:50  MILES- 5142
NONSTOP                      EQUIP-340  
SURFACE TRANSPORTATION  
31 DEC 01 MONDAY MOSCOW/SHEREMT  FRANKFURT       LUFTHANSA   3221  700A  835A CONFIRMED 
CLASS:M  MEAL  ELAPSED TIME- 3:35  MILES- 1262
NONSTOP                      EQUIP-32S  **SEAT ASSIGNMENT AT AIRPORT ONLY  
31 DEC 01 MONDAY FRANKFURT       ATLANTA         LUFTHANSA    444 1040A  300P CONFIRMED 
SEAT-32G                         CLASS:M  MEAL  ELAPSED TIME-10:20  MILES- 4613
NONSTOP                      EQUIP-340  
ATLANTA         HOUSTON/INTCON  DELTA        443  530P  639P CONFIRMED 
SEAT-13F                         CLASS:U  ELAPSED TIME- 2:09  MILES-  689
NONSTOP                      EQUIP-BOEING 727 JET  
SURFACE TRANSPORTATION  
29 DEC 01 SATURDAY 
MOSCOW/SHEREMT  FRANKFURT       LUFTHANSA   3221  700A  835A WAITLISTED
CLASS:M  MEAL  ELAPSED TIME- 3:35  MILES- 1262
NONSTOP                      EQUIP-32S  
30 DEC 01 SUNDAY MOSCOW/SHEREMT  FRANKFURT       LUFTHANSA   3221  700A  835A WAITLISTED
CLASS:M  MEAL  ELAPSED TIME- 3:35  MILES- 1262
NONSTOP                      EQUIP-32S  
CONTACT TRAVEL ON AT: 240-387-4110 OR 877-657-4772 **YOU MUST VERIFY ITINERARY FOR ACCURACY/ACCEPTANCE OF INCORRECT INFORMATION IS TRAVELERS RESPONSIBILITY  
SERVICE FEE *SEE BELOW       0.00
*NO SERVICE FEE THIS TRANSACTION  
** AFTER HOURS HELPLINE 800-366-2100 REFER TO: 16XL  
Jennie Hendrickson
Travel On
9000 Virginia Manor Rd Suite 201
Beltsville MD 20705
240-387-4033-phone
877-657-4772-toll free
240-387-4101-fax
jennieh@tvlon.com  
I'll have someone pull the volumes in the morning if its not too late.  Sorry but my messages didn't come across my blackberry when I was in Austin Fri & Sat.
Do you have volumes by contract type somewhere?
Here is 1997-2000 TW Transportation Revenue by Contract, Sorted by Contract Expiration Date.  To get a breakdown of long-term/short-term, for each year I would include contracts that expire within the next year & IT as short term, with the remainder as LT.  For example, for 1997, I'd say that the revenues from contracts that expire on or before 12/31/98 + IT make up the short term revenues.
Do you know where I might be able to get this kind of information? 
Tracy:  I need your help.    They don't quite understand the business but we need to be able to break the variouss vol;umes aprt to be able to get this moving.
Jan if you are here today can I get you to help me out with some info.  The most important thing I need is actual volumetric data going back and projected as far out as you have it.    You can see the splits between the gallup volumes, red rock and the pre existing deals.   I also need to verify the capacity added from the expansions.   Also need to begin to detail the volumes from Long term firm contract versus short term deals including IT etc.
Rod, 
Following our conversations today it appears necessary to include more granular information in the transwestern model.  We believe the information that Jayshree and I have included in the attached spreadsheet will help the potential investors become more comfortable with the numbers. 
This information should include a breakdown of revenues based on existing capacity, Gallup and Red Rock.  Please note that under the transportation section the first subheading is a volume request and the other sub-headings are revenue requests.  We would also like a better understanding of the capacity utilized for each section.  From an operational expense standpoint we need to show the historical breakdown, but going forward we need to assume that TW is a standalone entity. This should include additional costs for "reverse synergies."  Also, a breakdown of CAPEX would be helpful.
I don't know if all of this information is readily available, but any information you have would be greatly helpful.  As you discussed with Jayshree would you please send the 2001 and 2002 models to us electronically?  If you have this information in many places please send it to me and I would be happy to incorporate it into the template if it would save you time 
Please let me know if you feel the template does not capture the relevant information.  I will be in at 7am tomorrow if you would like to discuss this information 
Jayshree and I also have additional information requests from our conversations of the last two days, but I will send that information in an e-mail tomorrow 
Thank you, 
Sarah 
x36214 
Here is 1997-2000 TW Transportation Revenue by Contract, Sorted by Contract Expiration Date.  To get a breakdown of long-term/short-term, for each year I would include contracts that expire within the next year & IT as short term, with the remainder as LT.  For example, for 1997, I'd say that the revenues from contracts that expire on or before 12/31/98 + IT make up the short term revenues.
Do you know where I might be able to get this kind of information?
Tracy:  I need your help.    They don't quite understand the business but we need to be able to break the variouss vol;umes aprt to be able to get this moving.
Jan if you are here today can I get you to help me out with some info.	The most important thing I need is actual volumetric data going back and projected as far out as you have it.    You can see the splits between the gallup volumes, red rock and the pre existing deals.   I also need to verify the capacity added from the expansions.   Also need to begin to detail the volumes from Long term firm contract versus short term deals including IT etc.
Rod,
Following our conversations today it appears necessary to include more granular information in the transwestern model.  We believe the information that Jayshree and I have included in the attached spreadsheet will help the potential investors become more comfortable with the numbers. 
This information should include a breakdown of revenues based on existing capacity, Gallup and Red Rock.  Please note that under the transportation section the first subheading is a volume request and the other sub-headings are revenue requests.  We would also like a better understanding of the capacity utilized for each section.  From an operational expense standpoint we need to show the historical breakdown, but going forward we need to assume that TW is a standalone entity. This should include additional costs for "reverse synergies."  Also, a breakdown of CAPEX would be helpful.
I don't know if all of this information is readily available, but any information you have would be greatly helpful.  As you discussed with Jayshree would you please send the 2001 and 2002 models to us electronically?  If you have this information in many places please send it to me and I would be happy to incorporate it into the template if it would save you time 
Please let me know if you feel the template does not capture the relevant information.  I will be in at 7am tomorrow if you would like to discuss this information 
Jayshree and I also have additional information requests from our conversations of the last two days, but I will send that information in an e-mail tomorrow.	
Thank you,
Sarah
x36214
Perhaps this can help with the non-Red Rock piece.  This spreadsheet takes current rates and multiples out against MDQ for 2002.   It also show billing units through 2005.  I have reconciled this schedule with Jan Moore and Lindy Donoho
I can provide the volumes and revenues applicable to our Red Rock expansion.  These will be under Long Term starting June 2002 and will continue up to 30 years. 
Do you know where I might be able to get this kind of information?
Tracy:  I need your help.    They don't quite understand the business but we need to be able to break the variouss vol;umes aprt to be able to get this moving.
Jan if you are here today can I get you to help me out with some info.	The most important thing I need is actual volumetric data going back and projected as far out as you have it.    You can see the splits between the gallup volumes, red rock and the pre existing deals.   I also need to verify the capacity added from the expansions.   Also need to begin to detail the volumes from Long term firm contract versus short term deals including IT etc.
Rod,
Following our conversations today it appears necessary to include more granular information in the transwestern model.  We believe the information that Jayshree and I have included in the attached spreadsheet will help the potential investors become more comfortable with the numbers. 
This information should include a breakdown of revenues based on existing capacity, Gallup and Red Rock.  Please note that under the transportation section the first subheading is a volume request and the other sub-headings are revenue requests.  We would also like a better understanding of the capacity utilized for each section.  From an operational expense standpoint we need to show the historical breakdown, but going forward we need to assume that TW is a standalone entity. This should include additional costs for "reverse synergies."  Also, a breakdown of CAPEX would be helpful.
I don't know if all of this information is readily available, but any information you have would be greatly helpful.  As you discussed with Jayshree would you please send the 2001 and 2002 models to us electronically?  If you have this information in many places please send it to me and I would be happy to incorporate it into the template if it would save you time 
Please let me know if you feel the template does not capture the relevant information.  I will be in at 7am tomorrow if you would like to discuss this information 
Jayshree and I also have additional information requests from our conversations of the last two days, but I will send that information in an e-mail tomorrow.	
Thank you,
Sarah
x36214
Thanks.  If you could have Richard add the volumes in as columns into this schedule format that would be great.  Rod needs this ASAP.
Are you available to come by for a few minutes before staff meeting?  I need to talk to you about a new round of due diligence and a conference call this afternoon.
Esther is out of the office today and Elizabeth is out all week.  Please pass all data requests through Richard and me.  Richard will be able to pull the commodity volume request below.
Rick
Good morning all.
Attached is the info that Esther helped me pull together for Rod last Wednesday. Rod told me over the weekend that he needs commodity volumes for these contracts for the years 1997-2000.  Help?  Can someone pull this together quickly for me?
Here is 1997-2000 TW Transportation Revenue by Contract, Sorted by Contract Expiration Date.  To get a breakdown of long-term/short-term, for each year I would include contracts that expire within the next year & IT as short term, with the remainder as LT.  For example, for 1997, I'd say that the revenues from contracts that expire on or before 12/31/98 + IT make up the short term revenues.
Thanks for your note!  I guess you're living proof that one can successfully make it through the twists and turns of international adoption.
I hear you're leaving Wednesday for Kazakhstan (sp).  good luck.  It will all work out great.  I'll be thinking about you and praying for you and your new little girl.  What a bright light in the midst of all this yuck.  Send me a picture if you get a chance.  I'm very excited for you.  Dari
Kevin/Rod - One line item on the TW counterparty revenue summary probably requires explanation.  The report shows a net $4.2 million payment to PG&E for transportation.  This is because PG&E released capacity at rates in excess of the maximum rate due TW -- thus PG&E was due a credit.  This was not a liability to TW, as the other side of this capacity release is embedded in the revenues paid to TW by other counterparties.
Kevin,
Per my phonemail message, attached is a summary of Oct 2000-Sept 2001 Transwestern transportation & storage revenues by counterparty 
Shelley Corman
x37083
Thanks.  Don't know how that happened.  I'll call you when I get downstairs tomorrow am.
Publish away!
Do you have any problem with my paper being published in the "Oil & Gas Journal"?
You had previously approved this for publication.  They would like to know by tomorrow.
Here it is again:
Mr. Bryant:
I am reviewing the papers of the recent Congreso in Merida with a view
toward publishing a few in English in Oil & Gas Journal. Is your paper
(OAM-17) available in English for me to review? If so, please follow the
guidelines on the accompanying checklist and forward it to me.
The form mentions author photos and biographies; you may just send the
manuscript materials. If I accept the paper for publication, I'll notify you
so you can gather and send the rest.
Thank you.
Warren R. True
Chief Technology Editor
Pipelines/Gas Processing Editor
Oil & Gas Journal
1700 West Loop South, Suite 1000
Houston, TX 77027
USA
Tel (direct): 713/963-6230; (main) 713/621-9720
Fax: 713/963-6282
e-mail:     warrent@ogjonline.com
www.ogjonline.com
2002 OGJ Editorial Calendar: Click "Online Media Kit" at
- C.DTF  
Rick Dietz and I are both in the office.  Please give Rick a call to coordinate putting our OBA payable info together with your payable information
have been in contact w her
CAn you help her?
Rod,
Do you know how to get in touch with Paul Cherry or Dan Fancler over the weekend?
I have most of the gas logistics related items prepared for TW for the bankruptcy lawyers -- including contract lists and receivables.  I need to have someone run a payables list.
I can be reach via blackberry or on cell 713-857-2103
Both Kim's parents & my mom will be at the house on Christmas eve/Christmas day -- so I think they'll eat their Christmas meal at our house.  I'm sure that Kim, Chad, Mom and Nevin would appreciate a Christmas evening dessert invite.  You can coordinate when you see them for Mexican food on Sat. night.
Have fun at the violin concert.
Hi. Just checking into see how you are doing. As you know, other than
putting up lights and wrapping gifts, I am here to assist (shopping, baking,
card playing, Lego building, dog or cat sitting, Mother entertainment). Do
you think your clan would like to come over for Christmas dinner or at least
in the evening for some dessert? ( I realize you are probably not focused on
food now, but I ordered the phrase book and John, Brianna, and I will start studying.
Tonight, we are going to Miss B's Christmas violin concert!
Take care,
CJB
I know that we are all under a lot of stress and I probably shouldn't send this note, but I just have to get this off my chest.  Have I done something to undermine your faith in me 
- When I worked on due diligence matters, you asked me why was I working on due diligence
- When I prepared the demand letters you asked me why I was sending the demand letters
- And, today, despite the fact that we oversee the  day to day transactions, there is no mention of my group in the customer letter.
I wish someone would just fire me if I'm incompetent, because I live in a hell worse than being fired -- at least I'd have time for my family.
The attached letter is being sent out to NNG's customers to assure them that business continues under  ordinary course of business.  We thought it would be helpful for your information as well.  This letter is also being posted on NNG's website 
Thanks for your leadership on this issue.  The commercial staff has been very concerned about the lack of daily data and I haven't made much headway with the GMS folks.  I'm glad you are involved!
I will be traveling out of the country next week.  Others from my staff will attend and I'll catch up when I return.
Happy Holidays
Shelley
I don't understand why the schedule show no variance for Gas Logistics.  My workpapers indicate that we should be down by $300K or so
Attached 
Nancy yes
Sorry but I don't know the status 
I need to know the status of the following employees:
Stephanie Miller
Janie Tholt
George Wasaff
Scott Affelt
Chris Foster
Thanks, Ricki
That must be frustrating.  I've asked HR to address this problem.
Upon entering names and ALL the other info we are suppose to enter on submitting names for our evaluations I got a message saying "no records found matching your criteria". I tried a couple of names and got the same msg. Therefore I cannot start this process.
Byron Reid
Chad's Wishlist includes:
-Harry Potter Trading Cards
-Harry Potter - Snapes Potion Kit
-NERF Ultragrip football
-Video/DVD of "Cats and Dogs"
We need 3 suggestions from everyone by Thanksgiving!!!  If you want 
something good, you'll send them to the right people. 
See ya, 
Stacy 
Stacy Erb 
Apple Computer 
Director, Education Sales Division 
512-674-2890, office 
512-415-8133, mobile 
erb@apple.com 
I'm in my office now
Upon repressurizing the Station 13 yard piping it was discovered that the new side valve installed has a leak.  We have instructed the team to go ahead and try to resolve/fix this problem now.  The market continues to underburn and we will have no problems today making all deliveries while they continue to work at station 13.
The bad news is that if they can not resolve this valve problem today, then there is a strong possibility that we will have to do this outage again.
Gary Smith asked me to come by his office before noon.  I am in gas control now -- I stopped by your office with Connor.
The Phase V team has completed their work at Station 13.  Currently the operations crew at Station 13 is purging and packing the 30" mainline at Station 13 to the first valve section.  They are about one hour from completion.  We will return our mailine valves and horsepower to normal operating status when they are done.
The market only took a 1375 on the 1550 schedule; thus, we were able to keep the market well packed up, and we are in great position for making all deliveries again today.
FP&L only took 700 yesterday and they only want to target 720 today.  They have 783 scheduled today.  They had orginally nominated 850+ with the anticipation that they might lose some gas this weekend.  I think they are happy so far this weekend with our flexibility afforded to them.
I will email you when the line is completely turned back to us at Station 13.
If you are church, please do not respond to this email -- I would not want responisiblity for causing you to stumble into 
the sin of not listening to the sermon.
Please give me this mornings update -- as I will be sending out a new status report when I get to the office at noon
Great!
FYI - FPL conducted a "test" wire yesterday and successfully sent a penny to our new Citibank account.  We should not have to worry about half of FGT's cash coming in today 
Is this cash coming into TW?
Rick - Stan has announced that there is a hiring freeze in effect.  We will not be permitted to fill this position without making a special appeal to Stan.  Couple this with the fact that I need to present to Danny/Stan a proposal on how we can trim our 2002 O&M and I'm not inclined to make such a pick.   Lets talk about how we can redeploy our current resources to cover....I especially want to talk about how we pick use the accounting coordinators in an expanded role.
FYI -
Pat Steele was offered (and accepted) a job from NBPL to schedule gas in Omaha.  Her first day in their group will be December 17th  
Unlike the situation with Michelle Cormier, in which my group absorbed the work associated with her vacancy, I will seek to obtain approval to replace Pat's position.
Rick
Yes, please assure Galen of his need to recuperate.  Will you send him a fruit basket from the group.  How are you coming at getting Debbie Thompson or Blair or Larry Berger lined up? 
Galen's heart catheterization yesterday showed two major blockages, one 99% and the other 75%.  The doctors at St. Lukes installed two stints in the artery to repair these blockages.  Galen said his chest is pain free and the tightness is gone.  His incision on his thigh is very sore and he has not yet been allowed to get out of bed to walk.  I spoke to him this morning and he sounded fairly upbeat and said he should be out of the hospital later on today.  He was concerned about whether he would be able to come in to work on Saturday to process reservation billing.   I assured him that Sheila and I had it covered and he did not need to worry about it 
Rick
I would like these individuals to have a training with Teb Lokey today or tomorrow.    Teb is aware of my desire in this regard and is awaiting your call to set up the time.
Shelley,  FYI--Rick & I have discussed how we will cover the reservation billing scheduled for Saturday.  Marion & Cynthia will assist us in the coverage as well as Jerry Skirtich who sat  with Galen & I on Tuesday to cover the ncessary steps to generate the billing process.  Galen has a "desk procedure manual" assembled that spells out in detail the billing process.  I'm working w/Larry Hill to ensure the Capacity Release transactions are fed to the old TSS system (still testing this process.)  I've expressed a great sense of urgency surrounding the invoicing process given the cash flow concerns we're dealing with.  Sheila 
Galen's heart catheterization yesterday showed two major blockages, one 99% and the other 75%.  The doctors at St. Lukes installed two stints in the artery to repair these blockages.  Galen said his chest is pain free and the tightness is gone.  His incision on his thigh is very sore and he has not yet been allowed to get out of bed to walk.  I spoke to him this morning and he sounded fairly upbeat and said he should be out of the hospital later on today.  He was concerned about whether he would be able to come in to work on Saturday to process reservation billing.   I assured him that Sheila and I had it covered and he did not need to worry about it 
Rick
Thanks Gary.  This is an excellent plan.
Corp Security did a quick audit today of the Gas Control Center on EB42 and made several recommendations of some 
steps we should take prior to some of the expected workforce changes next week 
1) Tighten control of access to the Gas Control facilities
- They recommended reducing access to a single door and posting a guard for the next week or so.
- They recommended reviewing the card access lists for the secure doors and reducing to critical staff only.
We have arranged for a guard beginning Monday morning. Access to Gas Control will be through the South
hallway and door only. Exit, except for emergencies, will be limited to the South door as well. The guard
will be checking everyones card prior to entry. 
We have reviewed the card access lists for all secure doors and removed everyone except Gas Logistics and
IT support staff. We have disabled access into Gas Control on all doors except the	South door.
We have cancelled all scheduled meetings and presentations scheduled for the Gas Control Presentation
Center (EB42C1 
2) Isolate the Gas Control Network environment - disconnect our network from the Corporate backbone 
We DO NOT intend to Isolate Gas Control until events dictate that we should. We are taking steps to be prepared 
to isolate, while minimizing the impact to the Gas Control SCADA system, the TMS system, and PGAS. 
On Monday we will also configure the Hangar to support temporary operation of the Gas Control and other Gas Logistics
business functions. Two conference rooms and the break room will be configured with phones, network connections, 
and workstations. They will be configured to support up to 60 staff. The minimum staffing requirements for the Hangar to
support the Gas Control and Gas Logistics functions,as currently defined, is 35 staff. The Hangar will be left configured
for approximately two weeks, depending on events.
Let me know if you have any questions or concerns.
Thanks, Gary
My thought is that the Enron contract is probably going away anyhow so that it makes sense to set this up for Jan 1.  I think the charges should be recorded to the balancing tools account 
I finally got a price quote of $1990 per year on a package deal for one user.  Platts doesn't sell the data without a subsciption to the daily publication. The package includes the daily issues and data(table) and back issues and data. 
Please let me know if you want me to go ahead and sign up for this package. I'll have to let Platts know the user's name and billing information etc 
Thanks.
Either Galen or Jim Studebaker.  I'll check with Sheila 
I'll go ahead and sign up. I just left a message for my contact at Platts to get information on the registration process.  Do you think Galen Coon should be the designeated user since he handles the weekly postings and accounting of imbalance invoices?
My thought is that the Enron contract is probably going away anyhow so that it makes sense to set this up for Jan 1.  I think the charges should be recorded to the balancing tools account 
I finally got a price quote of $1990 per year on a package deal for one user.  Platts doesn't sell the data without a subsciption to the daily publication. The package includes the daily issues and data(table) and back issues and data. 
Please let me know if you want me to go ahead and sign up for this package. I'll have to let Platts know the user's name and billing information etc 
Thanks.
Your prayers and concerns are much appreciated 
I have been meaning to call you, but have been swamped with bid week. I just
wanted to check on you and make sure you are ok. You and your family are in
our prayers and if there is anything at all I can you for you, please call.
Have a very blessed day.
Letha Russell
wk 713-783-7723
home 281-531-5581
You are welcome.  What a neat idea - electronic thank you cards.
This iCard has been sent to you from Stacy Erb
Kevin,
Per my phonemail message, attached is a summary of Oct 2000-Sept 2001 Transwestern transportation & storage revenues by counterparty 
Shelley Corman
x37083
Oh my perhaps I've given you the wrong idea about the sophistication of Chad's rock collection.  It consists of rocks he has picked up at the park and a few gems he bought at a museum.  He would love anything about rocks.
Thank you for your thoughts.  I am fine.   Our pipeline companies were not included in the bankruptcy petition and we are continuing operations normally.  While these have certainly been stressful times and a sad day for the many Enron employees that lost their jobs today, we have not had any workforce reductions in our area.  It's a little lonely in the building and I have to make sure to put my lipstick on before I go down to the lobby to face all the TV cameras camped out down there!
Shelley-
Just to let you know I am thinking if you.  Please let me know how you are
doing.  Take care.
Ellie
Ditto back at you.  Sounds like things have been crazy at Halliburton this week.
Shelley-
Just to let you know I am thinking if you.  Please let me know how you are
doing.  Take care.
Ellie
I know you were being nice and I am sorry.
I really can't put into words how it feels to get out of bed in the morning right now.  It takes me 1/2 hour to get myself together 
I shouldn't have been so mean to you.  I know you were being nice.  I know this isn't a reasonable request, but these aren't reasonable times -- I just need some space when I'm getting ready in the morning 
The heat and the fact that I couldn't have coffee this morning just put me over the edge.
My physical was ok.  Listen to this, because they are a preventive medicine shop he can't prescribe antibiotics.  So then, I couldn't get my travel vaccines, until I find out whether I have a sinus infection and need to be on antibiotics. 
Am I just dreaming these last few months or is this really my life?
Q,
I'm sorry about this morning.  I really was trying to be nice by making some
coffee and turning up the heat so it would be easier for you to get out of
bed.  How was your physical?  Did they give you an antibiotic?  Let me know.
Love Kim
Looks good
Please add Lou Moore to my contact list
Thanks for the information.  Do you happen to have an email address for Elza?
Shelley;
Sorry to hear of all the Enron problems topped off by your bus experience
on Friday. It was obviously a professional who preys on victims every day.
I assume you are going to Kazakhstan on Thursday, probaly arriving in
Almaty late Friday night. I hope your flight goes direct from Frankfurt or
Amsterdam direct to Almaty. It saves a little hassle if you avoid Moscow,
unless you plan to do some touring before going on to Kazakhstan.
I have been to Almaty two times. It is a beautiful city surrounded by snow
capped mountains. If you have a vivid imagination you can see China just
across the mountains.
You can contact the following folks who can help you if you get stuck. Elza
Utegenova spent a semester with us last year. She teaches at The Kazak
State Agrarian University. She speaks excellent English and is a wonderful
person. She does not have a car or telephone. She could help arrange city
travel. You should make arrangements before you depart, unless you are
taking a lap-top with you.
You could also contact Daulet Chunkunov, country director for WINROCK
INTERNATIONAL in Kazakhstan. He has been to Pennsylvania
and we have visited with him on both of our trips to Almaty. He speaks good
English, has a car, email, and telephones. His email is
dc@winrock.lorton.com. Cell phone 8 333 210 8320. Other phone 3272
63-05-56. Fax(3272)63-15-55.
I am completing this after talking with you by telephone.
Good luck and keep in touch,
Lou 
Thank you for your kind note.  Frankly with all the challenges our leadership team has faced this year, I don't have the slightest qualm that you and the other directors will  handle anything that comes our way.
Shelley,
I want you to know how happy I am for you being able to finally go to Kazakhstan and complete the adoption of your  daughter  
While you are gone, please try to think about work and Enron as little as possible.  We will put in extra effort to ensure things go smoothly while you are out.  I will copy you on any important emails and data requests to give you something to read through when you get back to Houston  
Enjoy your first new days of traveling with Aliana (sp).  I'm sure you both will be somewhat apprehensive about the travel arrangements and she will be looking towards you to see if she should be frightened.  On Sunday, I asked my Sunday school class to pray for your safety, for uncomplicated travel, and for patience while wading through the governmental red tape.  My family and I will be thinking about you and your family over the holidays.
Rick
I had Kim run down to my office to sign the revised letter and so I can fedex tonight.
I am so bummed about Jan. travel date and not having Alina for Christmas. Is this for sure? Was she speaking just about me or was she saying Jan 1 for you too?   Why Jan 1?  If there holidays are Dec 30-Jan 1, then why shouldn't we set out to travel around then, so we could have our court date the first days after their holidays?
Sorry for all the venting!
Shelley,
Chris called while I was gone. She told my mother in law that it looked like 
the first of January for travel. She also said if you had already done the 
letter, to cross out and initial the change. I called her back and left a 
message saying that if it is indeed the first of January, then you will have 
time to redo the letter, and not Fed-ex it today. I will let you know when I 
hear back from her or Ginger.
Let me know you got this email please.
Liz
Almost 100% certain that its just me.  I'd rather have good flights and spend the money on just me (i.e. we can share hotel costs 
Shelley,
I also found out that Luth. did fly out of Houston. They were sold out on the 
10th and only had 3 seats on the 11th.  I will do more looking when we know 
for sure the dates. If the prices are really high, then Fred may stay home, 
and I will go. Is it looking like just you, are is Kim going also?
Liz
Just got home from work ... but that is funny, cause I'm still working -- now at home.  Guess you've probably heard about events at my company.
If you couldn't see the red -- the editorial notes were also in parentheticals
You dickens -- you were only supposed to get Chad 1 item from the list.  Then I pass it on to Tracey, Pat, Arliene etc.
Didn't see an editorial notes in red but I did really enjoy the article Thanks for sending it to me. 
I'll send you this e-mail but I may talk with you tonight.  I'll try in a 
while. 
We went to Sam's Club tonight and later, we went to the Mall to look for 
"Chad stuff."  Got the Backyard Football Game...hope I got the right one.  It 
says "Back-yard Football 2002 NFL.  Win/Mac CD-ROM ...was $19.99.  Also found 
a Harry Potter item at B. Dalton bookstore.  Not sure if this is one of the 
things on the list.  I bought the Harry Potter Trading Card Game (Two-Player 
Starter Set)..it was $12.00.  The Harry Potter Game for Computer (MS-Windows) 
comes out 11/16.  I'll get it when it comes out.  But, tell me if the other 
items are O.K. 
Love, 
Mom 
Yes can do.
Are you available to go to lunch with Steve Hotte, Lisa Sawyer and me tomorrow?  Topic would be the Rates and Revenue project and CMS project 
Brad
I know that the long term solution rests with Charlie Thompson.  But, Caroline, I'm frankly shocked at GMS seeming lack of concern for the seriousness of this situation.  I have serious leadership questions about a group that could continue to receive charts in after the 5th of the month (on ALL 16 charts!) and continue to just file these reports without ever even looking at them or making corrections.  When ask why they never raised the issue or brought it to management's attention, their response is that this is the way we've done things for 20 years 
I'd like to visit with you about the leadership and direction of the GMS group.  No problem with measurement data is ever GMS responsibility -- its always someone elses fault -- the field didn't get the info in in time, the OMV wasn't received, the system doesn't work....What is the level of service that GMS is accountable for.  Please understand that this criticism is not directed to you.  I'd just like a chance to brainstorm with you one on one about how we ever have this group enter the 21st century with the rest of us -- befort Dave Neubauer raises his frustrations to the highest levels of ETS.
Shelley, I would like to see Charlie Thompson or a representative from operations at this meeting since a major issue which will have to be addressed is the physical measurement equipment on NNG's pipe. GMS has not had much success in getting measurement equipment upgrades out of operations.  Customer issues may be the justification needed for the upgrades.  I will also plan on being there along with Gary.   cvb
Shelley:
Unfortunately I will be on vacation on November 26th.  However, Gary will be attending and is well versed and postured to speak to 16 and 31 day charted PD measurement.  Gary has been working behind the scenes with your group, the field, marketing and technology to resolve the problems associated with equipment not suited for providing adequate daily information.  At the same time he has been working on gaining assistance in getting 16 day measurement data into the office on time for processing and review prior to month's end close.   Just as a side note, I understand now that Charlie Thompson of the Measurement Technology Group and Tech Ops has been given the charge to come up with a five year plan for installing automated and adequate equipment accross the board for these situations.
Ellis
Ellis/Gary
I hope that you can both make it to the meeting on Monday to discuss the issue of daily NNG measurement readings.  A number of our NNG customers are protesting DDVC invoices based on our inability to provide daily measurement information.   Alliant is just the latest in the string of customers.   The NNG marketing group is very frustrated on this issue 
We need to put all our collective talents together.  This issue needs the highest levels of attention possible form measurement.
Reminder, the meeting to discuss the Alliant measurement issue is at 3:30 Monday in 49c2. sj
Will call you at 9 tonight.
Hi Shelley:
Perhaps we can talk tonight about several things I need to coordinate with 
you.
(1)  Children's Church schedule for December.  I talked to Steve Hoyle, and 
he did not have a preference one way or the other about Children's Church for 
the Cantata Sunday.  He did say the music program was rather long, with lots 
of dialogue.  I am inclined to say let's have C/C, and I can commit to being 
there.  Of course, we need at least 2 others to commit as well.  Since it 
would be rather long, I would be in favor of supplementing the C/C service 
with a Christmas-themed video.
(2)  Have you looked into food from McDonald's for the Christmas party?  I am 
working on the invite's, and tentatively am putting down on the RSVP card a 
meal preference of hamburgers or chicken nuggets (check one.)   That way, we 
can go either way with Happy Meals or just the basic food and fries, 
depending on cost, ease of packaging, etc.  Let me know what you think and if 
you need help with looking into this.
(3)  I saw some cute "Happy Birthday, Jesus" themed trinkets in the Oriental 
Trading catalog.  If you think we need more things for the treat bags, this 
is a possibility.  They also had a cute plastic treat bag with this theme 
that was fairly inexpensive.  (I can't remember if you said you already had 
bags or were still going to get them.)
I could talk tonight after 9:00, if that is convenient for you.
Thanks, Shelley!
Barbara
281-493-3035
Shelley Ann Corman
the best fare I can offer is $1878.00 per person.  the lower fares are blacked out after 10 December and the space is really sold out.  please note the return is 31 December because the 29 December is completely sold out at this point..............jennie
TRAVEL ON                       AFTER HOURS: 800-366-2100 REFERENCE: 16XL  
9000 VIRGINIA MANOR ROAD STE 201 BELTSVILLE MARYLAND 20705 FOR YOUR UNIQUE TRAVEL ON TELEPHONE NUMBER...SEE BELOW  KIDSAVE INTERNATIONAL  2122 P STREET SUITE 302  WASHINGTON DC  20037  
DATE OF ISSUE: DEC 04 2001  ITIN/INVOICE NBR: ITIN         PAGE: 01
FROM             TO           AIRLINE   FLT   DEP   ARR      STATUS 13 DEC 01 THURSDAY 
HOUSTON/INTCON  CHICAGO/OHARE   UNITED      1288  945A 1205P CONFIRMED 
CLASS:H  AUDIO  ELAPSED TIME- 2:20  MILES-  925
NONSTOP                      EQUIP-BOEING 737 JET  
CHICAGO/OHARE   FRANKFURT       LUFTHANSA   9153  230P  545A CONFIRMED 
CLASS:H  MEAL  OPERATED BY: UNITED AIRLINES IN     ARRIVAL DATE-14 DEC
ELAPSED TIME- 8:15  MILES- 4342
NONSTOP                      EQUIP-BOEING 777 JET  
14 DEC 01 FRIDAY FRANKFURT       ALMATY          LUFTHANSA    648 1045A 1020P CONFIRMED 
CLASS:M  MEAL  ELAPSED TIME- 6:35  MILES- 3173
NONSTOP                      EQUIP-340  
SURFACE TRANSPORTATION  
31 DEC 01 MONDAY MOSCOW/SHEREMT  FRANKFURT       LUFTHANSA   3221  700A  835A CONFIRMED 
CLASS:M  MEAL  ELAPSED TIME- 3:35  MILES- 1262
NONSTOP                      EQUIP-32S  
MONDAY FRANKFURT       ATLANTA         LUFTHANSA    444 1040A  300P CONFIRMED 
CLASS:H  MEAL  ELAPSED TIME-10:20  MILES- 4613
NONSTOP                      EQUIP-340  
31 DEC 01 MONDAY ATLANTA         HOUSTON/INTCON  DELTA        443  530P  639P CONFIRMED 
CLASS:U  ELAPSED TIME- 2:09  MILES-  689
NONSTOP                      EQUIP-BOEING 727 JET  
CONTACT TRAVEL ON AT: 240-387-4110 OR 877-657-4772 **YOU MUST VERIFY ITINERARY FOR ACCURACY/ACCEPTANCE OF INCORRECT INFORMATION IS TRAVELERS RESPONSIBILITY  
SERVICE FEE *SEE BELOW       0.00
*NO SERVICE FEE THIS TRANSACTION ** AFTER HOURS HELPLINE 800-366-2100 REFER TO: 16XL  
Jennie Hendrickson
Travel On
9000 Virginia Manor Rd Suite 201
Beltsville MD 20705
240-387-4033-phone
877-657-4772-toll free
240-387-4101-fax
jennieh@tvlon.com  
Peggy,
Your email notice was timely as I was just thinking about you.  I have wanted to congratulate you on your promotion.  I am so happy for you.  I find it validating, especially at this time at Enron, to know that good things do happen to good people.
Give me a call if you can ever break free for lunch.  I would like to catch up with you on business matters, and more importantly, on international adoptions.  I know that you have already navigated these waters and I am looking forward to travel to Kazakhstan to adopt a little girl.
Best wishes to you and your family for the holidays.
Shelley Corman
713-853-7083 (work)
713-857-2103 (cell)
Any chance of doing the one penny test with the credit departments of the top couple of customers.
Sorry for the delay.  My wallet and checkbook were stolen on Fr night & I spent all day yesterday getting things in order...after the thief charged $6000 on my credit and debit cards!  Remember that conversation we had about 2001.
I did little research on Compuserve and AOL.  Both have acess numbers in Almaty Kazaknstan -- where I'll be at least 1 week of my journey.  Looks like they both use the same access numbers and both charge a $6 connect fee.  So I don't see the advantage of adding AOL -- unless you see something I don't.  Here's the catch -- neither has service from Moscow.  So I'll be out of lunch in Moscow unless I can find an alternative ISP  
I'm at regional type hotels in Kazakstan.  But, I'm staying at the Grand Marriott in Moscow.  Surely they have some sort of ISP access.
My current ISP is Compuserve.  Mail address:  cormanerb@cs.com My Enron password is also chad4erb.
I'm at the house (281-531-0385)  if you need any other info.
Shelley -- I need your passwords!   Thanks.  Jean
Thanks.  You are the best!
Please process the following changes for Shelley Corman, P500553 
These changes should be effective immediately to ensure these deductions are not taken for the pay period 12.16.01-12.31.01.
- Stop PAC contributions
- Stop Savings Bond automatic purchases
- Stop 2002 United Way deduct 
Thanks,
Fran
Do you have a few minutes to meet this morning?
Thank you.
Wishing you the best- 
let me know if I can help in any way.
Fran
Thanks.  You are the best!
Please process the following changes for Shelley Corman, P500553 
These changes should be effective immediately to ensure these deductions are not taken for the pay period 12.16.01-12.31.01.
- Stop PAC contributions
- Stop Savings Bond automatic purchases
- Stop 2002 United Way deduct 
Thanks,
Fran
No thank you for all you and your teammates do. 
I get a bit frustrated when Stan says that "we all need to  re-focused back to work.  I need to remind him that we have never lost our focus, that despite what has been going on, our staff has continued to work 24/7 to maintain our service level to our customers.
I would just like to express by thanks and appreciation for the nice surprise yesterday afternoon.  And, thank you for always being professional and encouraging to all of us.
Sherry  
Please clarify - Is the first name in the list the gift buyer or gift receipient?
We need 3 suggestions from everyone by Thanksgiving!!!  If you want 
something good, you'll send them to the right people. 
See ya, 
Stacy 
Stacy Erb 
Apple Computer 
Director, Education Sales Division 
512-674-2890, office 
512-415-8133, mobile 
erb@apple.com 
Please remove my name from you solicitation list
Brian & I have been in contact with you for quite some time and we would
like to express our sincere concern for you.
In light of all the recent events that have taken place, we want to let you
know that we are available at all times to answer any questions, or to be a
voice outside of Enron.  You know you may contact us via e-mail or phone,
however, please feel free to use my personal pager (281.270.4901) 24 hours a
day/ seven days a week, if we can be of assistance.
Lastly, we would like to send a packet of information to you that I am
certain you will find informative.  Would you please respond back with your
home address and phone number?
Thank you and we will be in continual contact with you through the
developments.
Sincerely,
Charles Johansen
281.775.8839
www.Charles_Johansen@ML.com
Brian Petrauskas
281.775.8844
www.Brian_Petrauskas@ML.com
Merrill Lynch
Johansen/Petrauskas Group
_______________________________________
CAUTION: electronic mail sent through the internet is not secure and could
be intercepted by a third party. For your protection, avoid sending
identifying information, such as account, Social Security, or card numbers
to us or others. Further, do not send time-sensitive, action-oriented
messages, such as transaction orders, fund transfer instructions, or check
stop payments, as it is our policy not to accept such items electronically.
Thank you.  These are great!
Shelley,
Here are the pictures of Chad that we took in gas control.  Enjoy and Happy Holidays to you and your family 
-Chris Love
Rae,
Just a heads up -- pending pipeline board rep approval, Stan asked that I prepare the attached letter for John Somerhalder to send to the GISB office if this is appropriate form 
Joan - thank you for your notice on Shelley and Dale.  Please congratulate 
them on winning the pipeline segment elections for the Board and EC 
respectively.  Thanks, Rae
I agree that this is the revised capital budget that we should submit.
Please check over.  Total is now $5,903,600 with a reduction of $5,850,584.   cvb
Please call.  I'm confused about the hotel amount.
Alma - we will hand out the prizes in a raffle on the date of our holiday luncheon on Dec. 11.
Shelley,
According to the contracts below is what we will pay for cancellation.  Payment is due the day of event.
DJ - $100
Hotel -	1,454.88
Alma
Alma/Lisa,
I need to know what the ramifications are of canceling/postponing tomorrow's party.  What will lose?  What have we not paid back?
I have heard back from Danny and he wants us to cancel the event.  Get whatever money back you can & see if we can forgo  any other current payments by postponing the event until next year, rather than canceling.
Shelly,
I am obligated to pay the full $2850 to the Casino company.  I have not actually paid, but per the agreement that is what I would owe.
Alma/Lisa,
I need to know what the ramifications are of canceling/postponing tomorrow's party.  What will lose?  What have we not paid back?
Please provide written notice of postponement and tell them to bill us.
Just got off the phone with the hotel.  If we postpone the event the cancellation fee still applies and fee cannot be used toward future events.  The cancellation fee consists of anticipated revenue, however, the hotel has agreed to gives us a 20% discount.
Anticipated Revenue:
Food:		$1,055.00
Drinks:	   $800.00
$1,855.00
$1,855.00 with 20% Off =  $1,484.00
296.80   (20% service charge)
146.92   (8.25% Sales Tax)
$1,927.72
Please call.  I'm confused about the hotel amount.
Alma - we will hand out the prizes in a raffle on the date of our holiday luncheon on Dec. 11.
Shelley,
According to the contracts below is what we will pay for cancellation.  Payment is due the day of event.
DJ - $100
Hotel -	1,454.88
Alma
Alma/Lisa,
I need to know what the ramifications are of canceling/postponing tomorrow's party.  What will lose?  What have we not paid back?
I'll take care of the programs
I didn't get much of a chance to talk with you on Sunday.  Hope you had a
great Thanksgiving - and got some rest.
Did you get my e-mail with the inside of the program?  Will you be able to
print them up?  If not, just let me know and I can get them done.  Since we
didn't take pictures or get pictures drawn, we could just put "The Case of
the Missing Christmas" on the front wiht a magnifying glass and a manger
scene.
Also, I have found 3 of the angel costumes that we used last year and we'll
have to use something else for the 4th.  I'm making new halos that the
girls can keep if they want to.
Linda
Okay - now I've lost the file.  I guess I deleted the wrong message.  Can you resend?
I didn't get much of a chance to talk with you on Sunday.  Hope you had a
great Thanksgiving - and got some rest.
Did you get my e-mail with the inside of the program?  Will you be able to
print them up?  If not, just let me know and I can get them done.  Since we
didn't take pictures or get pictures drawn, we could just put "The Case of
the Missing Christmas" on the front wiht a magnifying glass and a manger
scene.
Also, I have found 3 of the angel costumes that we used last year and we'll
have to use something else for the 4th.  I'm making new halos that the
girls can keep if they want to.
Linda
Donna - lets meet tomorrow AM to translate the bonus/merit info into spreadsheet form
Of interest -
Gas Logistics combined 2001 payroll is $8,209,648.  The 2002 Plans were built with a 4.25% combined merit and other which equates to $348,910.  At 3.75% the combined merit and other equates to $307,862, a reduction of $41,048.  Over the next few days, I will be rebuilding the 2002 revised plan for distribution.
Donna
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA
FEDERAL ENERGY REGULATORY COMMISSION
Texas Gas Transmission Corporation   				Docket No.
RP01-278-002
NOTICE OF COMPLIANCE FILING
(October 22, 2001)
Take notice that on October 17, 2001, Texas Gas Transmission Corporation
(Texas Gas) tendered for filing as part of its FERC Gas Tariff, First
Revised Volume No. 1, the  following tariff sheets to become effective
October 1, 2001:
Primary
Third Revised Sheet No. 181
Third Revised Sheet No. 182
Third Revised Sheet No. 183
Sheet No. 184 (reserved)
Second Revised Sheet No. 185
Alternate
Alternate Third Revised Sheet No. 181
Alternate Third Revised Sheet No. 182
Alternate Third Revised Sheet No. 183
Texas Gas states that this filing is being submitted in compliance with the
Commission's Order issued on September 19, 2001 in the above-referenced
docket.  As directed, the tariff sheets removed  the daily  high/low index
price for cash-out.  In response, Texas Gas proposes to establish a
cash-out price based on a weekly high/low index price determined from the
weeks within the applicable month, plus the first week of the following
month.  The primary and alternate sheets require in-kind make-up  of
imbalances up to 2% and use the same index price  for  imbalances  above
5%.
However,  the primary sheets also propose to eliminate cash-out for all
imbalances up to  5%  by also requiring a mandatory in-kind make-up level
from 2% to 5% and by eliminating any use of the 100% price index for this
tier of imbalance.
Texas Gas states that copies of  the revised  tariff sheets are being mailed
to Texas  Gas's  jurisdictional customers and interested state commissions.
Any person desiring to protest said filing should file a protest with the
Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, 888 First Street, N.E., Washington,
D.C. 20426, in accordance with Section 385.211 of the Commission's Rules and
Regulations.  All such protests must be filed in accordance with Section
154.210 of the Commission's Regulations.  Protests will be considered by the
Commission in determining the appropriate action to be taken, but will not
serve to make protestants parties to the proceedings.  Copies of this filing
are on file with the Commission and are available for public inspection.
This filing may also be viewed on the web at   using the
"RIMS" link, select "Docket#" and follow the instructions  (call
202-208-2222 for assistance).  Comments, protests and interventions may be
filed electronically via the Internet in lieu of paper.  See, 18 CFR
385.2001(a)(1)(iii) and the instructions on the Commission's web site under
the "e-Filing" link 
David P. Boergers
Secretary
Don't worry -- whenever you get here is fine with me
OK, I have to take my daughter to the dentist to have a wire on her braces fixed in the morning.  But should be here by 9:00 a.m.
Donna - lets meet tomorrow AM to translate the bonus/merit info into spreadsheet form
Of interest -
Gas Logistics combined 2001 payroll is $8,209,648.  The 2002 Plans were built with a 4.25% combined merit and other which equates to $348,910.  At 3.75% the combined merit and other equates to $307,862, a reduction of $41,048.  Over the next few days, I will be rebuilding the 2002 revised plan for distribution.
Donna
Please send it to both of us.  Given Gary's presentation on bonus timing I plan to turn in my recomendations today.  Can I meet with you at 4:oo?
I am meetin with my direct reports at 1 to work on recommendations. So I need your spreadsheets ASAP
Thanks see you at 4
We found no cross-default provisions in the material contracts.   Moreover, FERC standards of conduct required pipelines to keep contracts, books and records separate from other Enron entities 
Shelley, I am reviewing the TW and NNG Credit Agreements to determine what was triggered by today's activities - one question that my review raised is whether there are any cross-default provisions in the Material Contracts (as defined in the credit agreements).  Dorothy said that you looked at them and might know the answer - any chance??  Thanks, Kim
Caroline - I think you captured the right projects, but please look at the bottom line on total reductions.  You show $3 Million in savings.  I think that the schedule should reflect over $6 million of reductions from the original cap. budget.
In my mind there is still a question on whether the meter bounce and PNR projects should be included.
Please see attached.  On the Rates & Revenue I have everyone paying up their share of the base.   Cvb
It is late in the day
We are on schedule to have those Amex Cheques by Thursday.  What time is your meeting?
Thanks,
Fran Fagan
Sr. HR Rep
Enron Transportation Services
713.853.5219
fran.fagan@
Thanks.  Yes, I forgot to mention how sad I was to learn about Cuba.
SHelley: I feel AWFULLLL!!! What can I do? YOu are just about the best friend I have ever had in my whole life and I feel like I am absolutely falling short on supporting you right now. I am sorry about the wallet snatching - that is incredible   I am so sad about his passing - my understanding was that the chemo was working on his cancer (which had recurred from last year) but when he was supposed to be discharged, he came ! down with pneumonia and died shortly after. 
I will keep in touch with you via email and if there is ANYTHING I can do --- even wiring funds if you need it while you are travelling, let me know 
Take care, 
Rosemary 
What a crazy day.  I'm in the waiting room of the ENT now.  I will make meatloaf for dinner when I get home.
Sounds fine
Q,
Cindy told me that they are still in the same class with Chad and don't test
until Thursday.  Therefore, Cindy will pick up Chad tonight and Wednesday if
we decide Chad is going Wednesday,  Based on that, I think I'll run tonight.
See you when you get home.
Love Kim
I thought that you would enjoy reading this article about Chad's school.  My editorial notes are added in red.  Keeping watching www.houstonisd.org/bushes for when they post pictures of the event.
AWESOME VISIT
On Friday, October 19, President George H. W. Bush and Barbara Bush visited our school. The Bushes had pledged to match the donation that our students made to the children of Afghanistan. Right in front of the entire student body, President Bush whipped out his checkbook and wrote a personal check for $1, 147.00! The children were very impressed!
The day was fabulous, the weather could not have been better, and our children were stellar! The program took place on the stage in the interior courtyard of the school. Because the weather permitted us to use this area, every student was able to take part in the program and enjoy the excitement!
As the President and Mrs. Bush entered the stage, the children waved paper dollars in the air to greet them. The program opened with the singing of the school song. Carmen Sullivan gave a history of the Pledge of Allegiance to the flag and Kelly Iko (this is our Kelly from Sunday School -- whom I'm sure will be the first minority President of the United States)  led the group in the Pledge. The students sang God Bless America and waved individual flags. Not an eye was dry! It was awesome.
Maggie Strange, Julius Liu, Danny Siso and Brandi Shallenberger told the group about the effort the Bush students had put forth to collect money for the Afghan children. Doris Reese, Joan Zhang (this is a sweet little girl from Chad's class) , and Andrew Nelson wheeled in a red wagon with the students' contribution! The program closed with more flag waving and the singing of It's a Small World.
Thanks.  I went to see Dr.  Shelley Leeds Rickets this am.She is a Baylor grad and is very nice.
Glad you weren't in an accident today.  Have a good trip.
travel
Shelley I need to know how you want to be listed for the next two weeks on the officers itinerary report.  Sharon Solan is needing this info by noon.  Last week you were listed as traveling.
Thank you, Ricki
This sounds fine.
Please have my phone forwarded to Ava and provide her with my contact information.
Shelley, I need to make my vacation plans for the Christmas holidays and I don't know how long you will be away.
Since I did not take any vacation during Thanksgiving, I was planning on leaving Thursday December 20th, returning on Monday January 7th.  Jean will be checking my lap top to make sure my dial-in access is stable so I will be able to keep your in basket clean.  During these dates, I could also have your phone forwarded to Ava if you wish.  We can work out the details later, but I need to purchase my ticket today 
Since there are many things going on during these uncertain times and you need me here, please feel free to say so,,,, I understand completely.
Thank you, Ricki
I don't this we give our customers lockbox instructions any longer.  Invoices cite wire instructions and physical address.  Raetta please confirm.
Lockbox should still stay bank of america.  I  am working with Treasury to make sure that these accounts stay open for the next 10 days.
Rod,
Attached are revised wire transfer instructions for company 60 and 179
Companies 62 and 370 should remain unchanged
Thanks
Sam  
address is customer@e-worldphone.com
My order number id 12/9/0175186.45
New userid: cormanerb
password: chad2214
Q,
What is the name of the phone card company?  I can't respond to their
requested email at the email address they provided,  e-worldphone.com.  Once
I hear from you, I'll call to get the correct email address.
How was your Drivers License experience?  What were they able to do?
Love Kim 
Thanks for your kind words 
Godspeed to you and your family as you make this trip.  My younger child is adopted and it has been a wonderful blessing and experience -- he is about to celebrate his 27th birthday 
These are difficult days -- all of us may not understand everything that is taking place but we remain committed to diligently performing our jobs.  Have a safe trip! 
Made it to Almaty. Thanks for all your help.  It is hard to access my enron mail from my hotel.  If you need to get in touch with me, please email me at cormanerb@cs.com Shelley
old ticket fare basis is MKWPX6M1 for trans-atlantic portion and then airpass for Frankfurt to Almaty and Moscow to Frankfurt portion with open ticket for third coupon  
TRAVEL ON                       AFTER HOURS: 800-366-2100 REFERENCE: 16XL  
9000 VIRGINIA MANOR ROAD STE 201 BELTSVILLE MARYLAND 20705 FOR YOUR UNIQUE TRAVEL ON TELEPHONE NUMBER...SEE BELOW  SHELLEY CORMAN  14126 SCARBOROUGH FAIR  HOUSTON TX 77077  
DATE OF ISSUE: DEC 14 2001  ITIN/INVOICE NBR: ITIN         PAGE: 01
FROM             TO           AIRLINE   FLT   DEP   ARR      STATUS 15 DEC 01 SATURDAY 
HOUSTON/INTCON  FRANKFURT       LUFTHANSA    441  440P  935A CONFIRMED 
CLASS:M  MEAL                                      ARRIVAL DATE-16 DEC
ELAPSED TIME- 9:55  MILES- 5231
NONSTOP                      EQUIP-340  
16 DEC 01 SUNDAY FRANKFURT       ALMATY          LUFTHANSA    648  210P  145A CONFIRMED 
SEAT-23K                         CLASS:M  MEAL                                      ARRIVAL DATE-17 DEC
ELAPSED TIME- 6:35  MILES- 3173
NONSTOP                      EQUIP-340  
SURFACE TRANSPORTATION  
29 DEC 01 SATURDAY 
MOSCOW/SHEREMT  FRANKFURT       LUFTHANSA   3221  700A  835A WAITLISTED
CLASS:M  MEAL  ELAPSED TIME- 3:35  MILES- 1262
NONSTOP                      EQUIP-32S  
30 DEC 01 SUNDAY MOSCOW/SHEREMT  FRANKFURT       LUFTHANSA   3221  700A  835A CONFIRMED 
CLASS:M  MEAL  ELAPSED TIME- 3:35  MILES- 1262
NONSTOP                      EQUIP-32S  
SUNDAY FRANKFURT       HOUSTON/INTCON  LUFTHANSA    440 1015A  240P CONFIRMED 
CLASS:M  MEAL  ELAPSED TIME-11:25  MILES- 5231
NONSTOP                      EQUIP-340  
CONTACT TRAVEL ON AT: 240-387-4110 OR 877-657-4772 **YOU MUST VERIFY ITINERARY FOR ACCURACY/ACCEPTANCE OF INCORRECT INFORMATION IS TRAVELERS RESPONSIBILITY  
SERVICE FEE *SEE BELOW       0.00
*NO SERVICE FEE THIS TRANSACTION ** AFTER HOURS HELPLINE 800-366-2100 REFER TO: 16XL  
Jennie Hendrickson
Travel On
9000 Virginia Manor Rd Suite 201
Beltsville MD 20705
240-387-4033-phone
877-657-4772-toll free
240-387-4101-fax
jennieh@tvlon.com  
Alma - can you copy me on the RSVP list for the Thursday party.
Liz - I noticed that Luftansa has flights back on Dec 27 from Moscow.
Using the same itinerary that we discussed before -- but for Dec 11 returning Dec 27 listed fare is $2830.40.
We will continue to schedule transactions with ENA and other Enron affiliates in a business as normal fashion.  If ENA's supply is cut, then deliveries will be adjusted, just as we normally do 
Bob Superty, Dir of ENA Gas Logistics has asked to be notified of any ENA supply cuts.  I'm not talking about nits and nats that are part of the normal confirmation process, rather, I'm talking about if a confirming party refuses to confirm a block of ENA gas.     We are notifying Bob as a courtesy and nothing about this added notice should hold up routine business processes.
You can leave Bob a voice message at x 3-0957 or call me and I'll call Bob.  In any event, I also would like to be briefed about any significant cuts in ENA or other Enron affiliate supply.
I'll be on the call for the first 1/2 hour.  Theresa will be on for the whole call.  We can re-group to talk about comments after the call.
Shelley, I was going to call you regarding this Partial Day Recall NOPR.  I spoke with Anna Cochrane today, and she said that in terms of INGAA's plans for answering the NOPR, the GISB pipeline group already has mobilized to work on INGAA positions (the GISB folks got together on their own, according to Anna).  Since this is a GISB issue, can I assume you are in this loop?  Also, for Enron we should discuss how to develop comments, between your folks and Joe's group.
Thanks,
Nancy
On October 12 FERC issued a proposed rulemaking to amend 284.12(c) (1) (ii) of its regulations to require that interstate pipelines permit releasing shippers to recall released capacity and renominate that recalled capacity at any of the scheduling opportunities provided by interstate pipelines.
I propose we have a conference call tomorrow to discuss the NOPR.  Dial-in instructions are as follows:=20
Thursday, Oct. 25th=20
10:30 a.m. EST=20
Phone: 312-470-7356=20
Passcode "INGAA."=20
Confirmation #9970625=20
MCI 800-475-5000 (in case of problems getting in).=20
Admin. Asst. to J. Dreskin=20
Interstate Natural Gas Association of America=20
10 G Street, N.E., Suite 700=20
Washington, DC 20002=20
202-216-5926=20
202-216-0874 fax=20
www.ingaa.org
FYI
We will continue to schedule transactions with ENA and other Enron affiliates in a business as normal fashion.  If ENA's supply is cut, then deliveries will be adjusted, just as we normally do 
Bob Superty, Dir of ENA Gas Logistics has asked to be notified of any ENA supply cuts.  I'm not talking about nits and nats that are part of the normal confirmation process, rather, I'm talking about if a confirming party refuses to confirm a block of ENA gas.     We are notifying Bob as a courtesy and nothing about this added notice should hold up routine business processes.
You can leave Bob a voice message at x 3-0957 or call me and I'll call Bob.  In any event, I also would like to be briefed about any significant cuts in ENA or other Enron affiliate supply.
Chris,
I never heard back from you after I sent the fax yesterday.  I am anxious about correctly signing and notarizing the INS forms and would like to discuss when you have a minute.
Shelley Corman
713-853-7083
Gina,
Did you ever prepare a set of talking points on the separateness of the pipelines from Enron.
I know you are swamped with other matters, so I jotted down in memo form my travel plans.  I guess it's Murphy's Law that I got the phone call that I need to travel now in the midst of current work events.
Catherine,
I have received the call and will be traveling to Kazakhstan next week to complete the adoption.  My husband and son are staying back.  I arrive in Almaty on the 14th late in the evening.   I'll spend the day of the 15th in Almaty and then take the overnight train to Taraz.  I expect to have a court date in Taraz on the 19th or 20th.  Then I will be back in Almaty, probably over Christmas.  Finally, I expect to travel to Moscow on around Dec 27 and then return to Houston around Dec 30.  This of course is the plan if everything goes exactly on schedule -- which it probably won't.
I will certainly miss being away from home at Christmas and am hoping to find a Christmas worship service in Almaty.   I'd appreciate any advice in this regard.
I would also appreciate advice on what time of clothes are appropriate to bring.
Thanks
Shelley Corman
shelley.corman@
and
cormanerb@cs.com
Here is data format.  This is for time period 10/1/00-9/30/01.  Now I'm looking for calendar years 1997, 1998, 199 & 2000
Hi Cindy,
I know this is a trivial question in the greater magnitude of things....so just drop me an email when you get a chance.
For my 2002 UW contribution, I asked to have a lumpsum payroll deduction in Feb.  (unsual bonus time).  Now, I want to have UW just bill me instead.  I can't seem to get back into the system to change this 
Shelley
x37083
this is working from shelley's office, i will send you a note from my desk 
thanks for everything ricki
Looks like FPL is getting back-up gas supplies to keep their nominations up 
See attached for updated gas day 12/4/01 through ID1.
Ava,
Could you please generate an envelope to Across the World Adoptions.  Thanks
When I called Ginger's house today to see if she received my INS approval, one of her children answered and said that she is at Chris' house -- so I guess that means Chris has returned.  If your process estimates are in line, our documents would have to be translated by next week to hit a travel at the end of November date.  I am very concerned that we will slip to Christmas time travel.
While I'm not trying to have you do my dirty work, I feel like you have a little better standing to fuss at Ginger or Chris this week about some commitments of when paperwork will be turned in.  After all, your paperwork has been turned in for some time & you have specific health concerns for Oksana.  Since I just turned in my INS approval (even though the rest of my dossier has been in for several weeks), I feel like I don't have much standing to complain about timing.
Shelley,
I'm sure she already thinks I'm difficult. I'm pretty sure the Kaz government 
sets the court date after your dossier is registered  there. So, if our 
paperwork is not there yet, then how can she know that our court date will be 
in the time frame she thinks it is?
The more I try to understand everything she had told me the more confused I 
get sometimes. It's really hard not understanding and being in on everything 
involved in the process.
I don't know if she even knows how long the paper work will take. Chris told 
me, when I sent mine in 5 weeks ago, that the estimate was 2 weeks for 
translation, 2 weeks for the Kaz embassy, 2 weeks to be sent to Kaz and 
registered. As of Monday mine is still in translation.
I really don't know what to do right now. Should we just wait until the first 
of next week and call again and find out the status of everything?
Liz
Jennie - This looks okay if I wait for my husband or Liz to go on the 20th -- although I think the return would need to be extended a  day or so.
Could you also see about if I am traveling alone and wanted to change my ticket to leave Sat.  I was searching the Internet and it looks like the Lufthansa flight is still available on Sat.
I need to make some quick decisions about what I'm doing tomorrow.
this is the closest dates I can find the nonstop Houston flight that will still accept a waitlist so I booked this one also..........jennie
TRAVEL ON                       AFTER HOURS: 800-366-2100 REFERENCE: 16XL  
9000 VIRGINIA MANOR ROAD STE 201 BELTSVILLE MARYLAND 20705 FOR YOUR UNIQUE TRAVEL ON TELEPHONE NUMBER...SEE BELOW DATE OF ISSUE: DEC 12 2001  ITIN/INVOICE NBR: ITIN         PAGE: 01
FROM             TO           AIRLINE   FLT   DEP   ARR      STATUS 20 DEC 01 THURSDAY 
HOUSTON/INTCON  FRANKFURT       LUFTHANSA    441  440P  935A WAITLISTED
CLASS:B  MEAL                                      ARRIVAL DATE-21 DEC
ELAPSED TIME- 9:55  MILES- 5231
NONSTOP                      EQUIP-340  
21 DEC 01 FRIDAY FRANKFURT       ALMATY          LUFTHANSA    648 1045A 1020P CONFIRMED 
CLASS:B  MEAL  ELAPSED TIME- 6:35  MILES- 3173
NONSTOP                      EQUIP-340  
SURFACE TRANSPORTATION  
03 JAN 02 THURSDAY 
MOSCOW/SHEREMT  FRANKFURT       LUFTHANSA   3221  700A  835A WAITLISTED
CLASS:B  MEAL  ELAPSED TIME- 3:35  MILES- 1262
NONSTOP                      EQUIP-32S  
THURSDAY 
FRANKFURT       HOUSTON/INTCON  LUFTHANSA    440 1015A  240P WAITLISTED
CLASS:B  MEAL  ELAPSED TIME-11:25  MILES- 5231
NONSTOP                      EQUIP-340  
CONTACT TRAVEL ON AT: 240-387-4110 OR 877-657-4772 **YOU MUST VERIFY ITINERARY FOR ACCURACY/ACCEPTANCE OF INCORRECT INFORMATION IS TRAVELERS RESPONSIBILITY  
SERVICE FEE *SEE BELOW       0.00
*NO SERVICE FEE THIS TRANSACTION ** AFTER HOURS HELPLINE 800-366-2100 REFER TO: 16XL  
Jennie Hendrickson
Travel On
9000 Virginia Manor Rd Suite 201
Beltsville MD 20705
240-387-4033-phone
877-657-4772-toll free
240-387-4101-fax
jennieh@tvlon.com  
See you at noon.
La Griglia at West Gray at 12:00 - can't wait! 
Rosemary 
Jennie,
I made it home last night, but have been unsuccessful in resolving Kim & Alina's travel arrangements.  I have only been able to get the answering machine at your office this morning.
I need to get Kim & Alina on flights home on Wed. Jan 9.  My current thinking is that it may be better to take a refund on the Lufthansa return tickets (since the Moscow Lufthansa office doesn't want to reissue) and to instead prepay tickets home for them on a flight path that only requires one change ?
Please advise
Shelley Corman
713-853-7083
scorman@
Terrific.  I called to let Kim know.  They will be leaving in just a few hours.  One last item.  Can you make them a reservation on this flight.  Kim will purchase the tickets at the Dallas Airport.
Flight: 	 Continental Airlines flight 1662 on a McDonnell Douglas MD80 Jet - non-stop	
Depart: 	 Dallas/Ft Worth, TX (DFW) - Wed, Jan 09 at 4:40pm	
Arrive: 	 Houston, TX Bush (IAH) - Wed, Jan 09 at 5:45pm
TRAVEL ON                       AFTER HOURS: 800-366-2100 REFERENCE: 16XL  
9000 VIRGINIA MANOR ROAD STE 201 BELTSVILLE MARYLAND 20705 FOR YOUR UNIQUE TRAVEL ON TELEPHONE NUMBER...SEE BELOW  KIDSAVE INTERNATIONAL  2122 P STREET SUITE 302  WASHINGTON DC  20037  
DATE OF ISSUE: JAN 08 2002  ITIN/INVOICE NBR: ITIN         PAGE: 01
FROM             TO           AIRLINE   FLT   DEP   ARR      STATUS 09 JAN 02 WEDNESDAY
MOSCOW/SHEREMT  FRANKFURT       LUFTHANSA   3221  700A  835A CONFIRMED 
CLASS:B  MEAL  ELAPSED TIME- 3:35  MILES- 1262
NONSTOP                      EQUIP-32S  
WEDNESDAY
FRANKFURT       DALLAS/FT WOR   LUFTHANSA    438  945A  155P CONFIRMED 
CLASS:B  MEAL  ELAPSED TIME-11:10  MILES- 5142
NONSTOP                      EQUIP-340  
SERVICE FEE *SEE BELOW       0.00
*NO SERVICE FEE THIS TRANSACTION ** AFTER HOURS HELPLINE 800-366-2100 REFER TO: 16XL THIS TICKET IS NONREFUNDABLE. IF UNUSED..IT MAY BE USED AGAINST ANOTHER NONREFUNDABLE TICKET FOR FUTURE TRAVEL ON THE SAME CARRIER. AIRLINE IMPOSED PENALTIES MAY APPLY.  NAME CHANGES ARE NOT PERMITTED  
Jennie Hendrickson
Travel On
9000 Virginia Manor Rd Suite 201
Beltsville MD 20705
240-387-4033-phone
877-657-4772-toll free
240-387-4101-fax
jennieh@tvlon.com  
I sent it to her
Hi.  I'm here -- just barely though -- my sinus infection is back.  Can we get together in my office (the less elevator riding the better) sometime between 11-1?  I'm planning to be out of office tomorrow.
Shelley:
Welcome back! I was wondering if you had 30 minutes today to discuss NNG's major customers from a strategic perspective.  Stan has asked me (on a very confidential basis) to explore various "buy back" options for NNG, including raising a lot of money!  I wanted to get your thoughts on certain customers' willingness to participate in an ownership interest in NNG.  I did not want to meet with Dave and his team given the Dynegy transition. I am free all morning except at 9 and this afternoon except from 2 to 4.
See you then 4262
How about 11?
Hi.  I'm here -- just barely though -- my sinus infection is back.  Can we get together in my office (the less elevator riding the better) sometime between 11-1?  I'm planning to be out of office tomorrow.
Shelley:
Welcome back! I was wondering if you had 30 minutes today to discuss NNG's major customers from a strategic perspective.  Stan has asked me (on a very confidential basis) to explore various "buy back" options for NNG, including raising a lot of money!  I wanted to get your thoughts on certain customers' willingness to participate in an ownership interest in NNG.  I did not want to meet with Dave and his team given the Dynegy transition. I am free all morning except at 9 and this afternoon except from 2 to 4.
Thanks for your message.  I returned home on Monday, but Kim and Alina are in the air right now and will arrive home tonight.
Please let me know about your availability for an appoint 
Thurs. Jan 10 (PM)
Fri Jan 11
Mon Jan 14 (PM)
Tues, Jan 15 or Wed, Jan 16.
Thanks
Shelley Corman
713-853-7083
shelley.corman@
Here is my draft written review.  Take a look at it and we'll sit down when you have a chance.
Keep up the great work.  I know things have been really stressful for you lately.  It was terrific to have you to rely on when I was away (and when I'm here too!)
Here is my written review.  Let me know when you want to sit down and talk.
Tonya,
Haven't heard from you in awhile and I am assuming that you were probably just burnt out over the flurry of summer activity.  All of my paperwork (including INS approval) is turned into Ginger and I am now just anxiously awaiting the opportunity to travel to Kazakhstan.  Ginger and crew are so busy that I imagine that things won't happen very fast 
Not try to bother you if you had enough of this Kidsave stuff -- but on the other hand --- you worked hard to bring the kids here this summer and I just wanted to let you in on the fruits of your efforts.
Shelley
Donna,
Here is the draft written performance review that I prepared while I was traveling.  I would be happy to sit down and discuss with you in person at your convenience.
Does Fri at 10 work for you?  I may be in tomorrow too after I make sure Alina won't freak out with the babysitter.
Next week sounds fine for vacation.
I wasn't able to use the global phone in Kazakhstan. But a friend recently rented one and used in Europe.  The neat thing is that you use you're reg cell number.
Playdate sounds great
Talk to you tomorrow.
Yes please explain that 8 need Dr signature so she can start preschool Tues.  Besides Fri and Mon afternoons I don't have any other planned time off
I'll be in this afternoon and will give you a call
Great
Donna 
Attached is the written comments that I prepared while I was traveling.  I can't remember if I already sent this to you or not ...please forgive me if I already sent this to you (sinus congestion is not conducive to sound thinking).  Let me know when you want to sit down and talk.
Brad,
Attached are the written comments that I prepared while I was traveling.  Let me know when you would like to sit down and talk both about 2001 and directions for 2002.
I'm fine with giving him these charts and also the job description write ups from the website 
Shelley-
Attached are the org charts with no cost centers.  Should I forward these to Donnie Brown?
Thanks,
Fran
Fran, Donnie Brown with Dynegy would like Shelley's Org Chart showing
all the people that report to her Direct Reports.  The only one I had 
had cost center numbers on it and I wasn't sure we wanted to hand that
out 
Could you please get us an Org Chart we can give to Dynegy 	He would like for us to email it to him at dbdj@dynegy.com.
Since I will be out of the office tomorrow, Shelley, please let
Fran know if you have any concerns with sending this information
to him.
His reason for asking for it was to get a better feel for how the groups
looked.  If you have some questions, you can talk with Steve, since
he was in the meeting.
Thanks. Lynn
Barbara,
See you Sunday.
Hi Everyone:
It has been a crazy first week back after the holidays, and I failed to get a 
meeting notice sent out.  Nonetheless, we will have our last meeting of the 
2001 Children's Ministry Team on Monday, January 14, at 7:30 in the 
Fellowship Hall.  This will be an informal hour-long meeting at which we will 
celebrate and review the past year as well as share dreams for the future We also will have something good to eat, i.e. a low-fat (maybe) dessert!  I 
hope everyone will be able to make it Happy New Year!
Barbara Thompson
281-493-3035
P.S.  Please reply to let me know you received this message, and I would 
appreciate knowing that you are planning to attend.  Thanks!
Here is the other article=20
How Enron Blew It
Less than a year ago, the Houston-based energy behemoth had everything: money, power, glitz, smarts, new ideas, and a CEO who wanted to make it the most important company in the world. Now its stock is down, wall street is bearish, and the CEO is gone. What went wrong?
by Mimi Swartz  THE ENRON SKYSCRAPER NEAR THE SOUTH END OF HOUSTON'S DOWNTOWN feels like the international headquarters of the best and the brightest. The lobby in no way resembles the hushed, understated entryways of the old-fashioned oil companies, like Shell and Texaco nearby. Enron, in contrast, throbs with modernity. The people hustling in and out of the elevators are black, white, brown; Asian, Middle Eastern, European, African, as well as American-born. They are young, mostly under 35, and dressed in the aggressively casual uniform of the tech industry-the guys wear khakis, polo shirts, and Banana Republic button-downs. Almost preposterously fit, they move through the building intently, like winners. Enron is nothing if not energetic: A Big Brother-size TV screen frantically reports on the stock market near a bank of elevators, while another hefty black television relaying the same news greets people entering from the garage. A sculpture of the corporate symbol, an E tipped at a jaunty angle, radiates colors as it spins frenetically on its axis; a Starbucks concession on the ground floor keeps everyone properly caffeinated. Multicolored, inspirational flags hang from the ceiling, congratulating Enron on its diversity and its values; one more giant banner between elevator banks declares Enron's simple if grandiose goal: "From the World's Leading Energy Company to . . . The World's Leading Company!"
For a while, that future seemed guaranteed, as Enron transformed itself from a stodgy, troubled pipeline company in 1985 to a trading colossus in 2000. It was a Wall Street darling, with a stock price that increased 1,700 percent in that sixteen-year period, with revenues that increased from $40 billion to $100 billion. "The very mention of the company in energy circles throughout the world creates reactions ranging from paralyzing fear to envy," notes a 2001 report from Global Change Associates, a firm that provides market intelligence to the energy business.
This Enron was largely the creation of Jeff Skilling, a visionary determined to transform American business. Hired sixteen years ago as a consultant by then-CEO Ken Lay, Skilling helped build a company that disdained the old formula of finding energy in the ground, hauling it in pipelines, and then selling it to refineries and other customers. Instead, it evolved into a company that could trade and market energy in all its forms, from natural gas to electricity, from wind to water. If you had a risky drilling venture, Enron would fund it for a piece of the action. If you wanted your megacorporation's energy needs analyzed and streamlined, Enron could do the job. If you were a Third World country with a pitiful infrastructure and burgeoning power needs, Enron was there to build and build. Basically, if an idea was new and potentially-and fantastically-lucrative, Enron wanted the first crack. And with each success, Enron became ever more certain of its destiny. The company would be the bridge between the old economy and the high-tech world, and in February of this year, Skilling reaped his reward when he succeeded Lay as chief executive officer. Enron, says Skilling, "was a great marriage of the risk-taking mentality of the oil patch with the risk-taking mentality of the financial markets."
The Enron story reflects the culture that drove American business at the end of the twentieth century. Like the high-tech companies it emulated, Enron was going to reinvent the American business model and, in turn, the American economy. Maybe it was natural that this Brave New World also produced a culture that was based on absolutes: not just the old versus the new, but the best versus the mediocre, the risk takers versus the complacent-those who could see the future versus those who could not. The key was investing in the right kind of intellectual capital. With the best and the brightest, a company couldn't possibly go wrong.
Or could it? Today Enron's stock trades at around $35, down from a high of $80 in January. The press cast Enron as the archvillain of California's energy crisis last spring, and Skilling caught a blueberry pie in the face for his relentless defense of the free market. A long-troubled power plant project in India threatened the company's global ambitions. Telecommunications, in which Enron was heavily invested, imploded. Wall Street analysts who once touted the company questioned its accounting practices. Some of the change in Enron's fortunes can be attributed to the economic downturn in uncertain times that has afflicted all of American business. But the culture that the company created and lived by cannot escape blame.
ENRON, JEFF SKILLING SAYS, HAD "a totally different way of thinking about business-we got it." At Enron, in fact, you either "got it" or you were gone-it was as simple as black and white. It is not coincidental, then, that the color scheme of Skilling's River Oaks mansion mirrors the corporation he once headed. Here, the living room's white walls shimmer against the mahogany floors. Black leather trims the edge of snowy carpets. Billowy sofas set off the jet-black baby grand. In the entry, white orchids cascade from a black vase on a black pedestal table that in turn pools onto cold, white marble. There is only one off-color note: After almost twenty years, Jeff Skilling is no longer associated with Enron, having resigned abruptly after just six months as CEO. Once, Skilling was hailed as the next Jack Welch (General Electric's masterful CEO), as one of Worth magazine's best CEO's in America (anointed in 2001), and even as a daredevil who hosted the kind of unchained adventure junkets in which, a friend told BusinessWeek, "someone could actually get killed." Today, he sounds more like Ebenezer Scrooge on Christmas morning. "I had no idea what I'd let go of," Skilling says of all the personal sacrifices he made while retooling Enron.=20
From a black chair in the white library, across from a huge black and white photograph of his daughter and two sons, Skilling clarifies. The demands of working 24-7 for Enron caused him to ignore his personal finances. Divorced, he lived in a 2,200-square-foot house without a microwave or a dishwasher. He almost missed his brother's wedding. "Learning a foreign language-I never learned a foreign language!" he exclaims. He never once took his youngest son to school. "I'm interested in the kids. You don't do kids in fifteen-minute scheduling." Travel: "You can't go to Africa for a week and get anything out of it!" Skilling includes the study of architecture and design on his list of missed opportunities, then he stops and sighs. "I'm not sure that fulfillment in life is compatible with a CEO's job," he says, finally. Then his eyes lock on mine, and his voice, which had softened, regains its pragmatic edge. "It would have been easy to stay," he says. "But that would not have been good for me."=20
He's a smallish, ruddy-faced man who keeps himself at fighting weight, handsome in the way of corporate titans, with piercing cheekbones and that assiduously stolid gaze. But the impatience Skilling once reserved for cautious underlings and dull-witted utility company executives is now targeted at reporters who have labeled his resignation "bizarre" and associates who are bitterly skeptical of his need for family time. His shrug stretches the limits of his shimmering blue button-down, and his matching blue eyes look put upon. "I'm surprised," he says, "that people have so much trouble understanding this."
PEOPLE WHO PASSED THROUGH DOWNTOWN HOUSTON in the late eighties or early nineties couldn't help but notice a funny and, for its time, novel scene unfolding throughout the workday at the base of the Enron Building. From nine to five and before and after, you could see people slipping out of the pristine silver skyscraper to smoke. They perched on the chrome banisters or lurked near the glass doors at the entry, puffing like mad. They always looked hurried and furtive, even ashamed. Whatever people knew about Enron in those days (and most people didn't know much), it was often associated with that scene: Enron boasted one of the first nonsmoking corporate headquarters in Houston, and there couldn't have been clearer evidence of its break with the energy world of the past. What macho engineer would have put up with such humiliation?
But this company was a child of another time, that period in the mid-eighties when chaos enveloped the gas business. Federal deregulation of natural gas turned a steady, secure industry, in which gas pipeline companies frequently enjoyed a monopoly in portions of the areas that they served, into a volatile free-for-all. The situation was compounded five years later by federal deregulation of the pipeline business. So it happened that a gentlemanly gas pipeline company, Houston Natural Gas (HNG) found itself under attack from Coastal Corporation, Oscar Wyatt's less than gentlemanly firm. HNG was then run by Lay, a sturdy, taciturn former economics professor and Transco chief operating officer who had a passion for military strategy. (His doctoral thesis at the University of Houston was on supply and demand in the Vietnam War.) Lay, who was from Missouri and never succumbed-at least outwardly-to Texas brashness, had done well enough: Thanks to canny expansions, HNG's pipelines stretched from Florida to California and throughout the state of Texas.
HNG fended off Coastal, but to protect the company from other takeover attempts, Lay nimbly engineered the sale of HNG in 1985 to a friendly Nebraska pipeline concern called InterNorth, one of the largest pipeline companies in the country at the time. Then, a funny thing happened: HNG started acting in a way that would characterize the company for years to come-a lot like Coastal. What the Nebraskans blithely labeled "the purchase" was being called "the merger" back in Houston, and before long, following some particularly brutal politicking between Omaha and Houston, the company's center of gravity started shifting toward Texas, and shortly after that, Ken Lay was running a new company called Enron. "Over time it became clear that Lay had a better vision of the future," says one person associated with Enron at that time. "He never fought change. He embraced change."
Lay had won, but what exactly did that mean? Enron was saddled with massive debt from the takeover attempt, and thanks to deregulation, no longer had exclusive use of its pipelines. Without new ideas-for that matter, a whole new business plan-the company could be finished before it really even got started.=20
LIKE MANY PEOPLE WHO TEAMED UP WITH ENRON IN THE EIGHTIES, Jeff Skilling had spent a lot of time in the Midwest, and he was self-made-at fourteen he had been the chief production director at a start-up TV station in Aurora, Illinois. (His mother would drop him off there every day after school.) "I liked being successful when I was working, and I was smart," he told BusinessWeek earlier this year. But unlike many of his Enron colleagues, Skilling wasn't deliberate and soft-spoken and happy to go home at five o'clock; he was anxious and excitable, and nothing, but nothing excited him more than what he would come to call "intellectual capital." He loved being smart, and he loved being surrounded by smart people. He graduated from Southern Methodist University, went into banking-assets and liability management-and took on Harvard Business School, where he graduated in the top 5 percent of his class. Then Skilling took the next step on what was then the new, souped-up path to American success: He joined Manhattan's McKinsey and Company as a business consultant, and that is where Ken Lay found him in 1985.=20
It is often said of Lay that his instincts for hiring the best are flawless, and his choice of Skilling probably saved the company. Skilling was above all an expert at markets and how they worked. While everyone else was worrying about the gluts and the shortages that defined the gas industry, he alone saw the parallels between gas and other businesses. And so in a world where credit was nearly impossible to come by, Skilling came up with what he called the Gas Bank, which contractually guaranteed both the supply and the price of gas to a network of suppliers and consumers. Enron would not be a broker but a banker. It would buy and sell the gas itself and assume the risk involved. And Enron would make money on transactions, much like an investment bank would.
Skilling worked up some numbers and found them "absolutely compelling." Then the McKinsey consultant took the idea to a meeting of about 25 Enron executives. He had a one-page presentation. "Almost to a person," Skilling says, "they thought it was stupid." Almost. After Skilling left the meeting dejected, he walked Ken Lay to an elevator and apologized. Lay listened and then said, "Let's go."
The Gas Bank was not an overnight success. For months Skilling woke up in a cold sweat, sure he had ruined not only his career but the careers of dozens of colleagues who had assisted him. In fact, he had come upon one of those divides that seem to define his life: "I believed this whole world would be different, a huge breakthrough" is the way Skilling puts it today, and even if he is typically immodest, he was right. Fairly soon after launching, the company sold $800 million worth of gas in a week. True to Skilling's character, success turned out to be a matter of old versus new: He says the joke around Enron was that if a company's CEO was under fifty, "We were in." And he was in too: In 1990 Skilling finally left McKinsey and joined Enron as the head of Enron Finance Corporation, a new division created just for him. In 1991 that company closed a deal that earned $11 million in profit. After that, says Skilling, "we never looked back."
Skilling and Lay also realized that the Gas Bank couldn't work unless it had a trading component. Myriad trades were needed to build the market that would make the project go. But by buying and selling enormous quantities of gas, Enron not only constructed a market but almost instantly came to dominate it. The company had the best contacts, the best intelligence, and the best access to supplies. That, in turn, attracted more customers who wanted to be part of the play. With so many customers in its pocket, Enron could better predict the direction of the market and could use that knowledge to make trades for its own benefit-Enron could in effect bet on which way the price of gas would go, as one might do with pork bellies or soybeans, but with startling accuracy, thereby generating profits higher than anyone could have ever imagined.
THIS CHANGE COULD NEVER HAVE OCCURRED without another change Skilling had made: He created, within Enron, a new culture to match its new trading business. The idea was to build a "knowledge-based business," which demanded a skill set not exactly prized by Enron's employees from the old HNG days. Most were deliberate, cautious, responsible, somewhat defensive people, most of them men, of course-the kind of people you'd expect to find working in an industry regulated by the federal government. But now the company needed bolder people for its bold new era: that included anyone who wanted to make money-lots of money-for themselves and for the company. "Enron was going to create a niche for itself or die," one former executive explains. "The people who had narrow views eventually were forced out, because if they had narrow views about other things, they had narrow views about the market."
Skilling wanted smart people but not just any smart people. He wanted the smartest people from schools like Harvard, Stanford, and maybe, Rice. And because his firm was now acting more like a bank than a pipeline company, he wanted to draw from the pool of recruits that would be attracted to the biggest and best investment banks, like Merrill Lynch or Credit Suisse First Boston. In addition to being smart, Enron people were also supposed to be "aggressive." You were right for Enron if you didn't want to wait until you were thirty to close your own deals or move up in an organization.=20
You could see what he was looking for on "Super Saturdays" at the Houston headquarters: eight fifty-minute interviews with ten minute breaks in between-the company might herd as many as four hundred people through in just one day. They were scored from 1 to 5 on their smarts, their problem-solving ability, their passion for hard work, and what at Enron was called "a sense of urgency." People who scored less than 2.5 were scratched. The shrewdest candidates knew how to work Enron before they were even hired: These were the types that automatically turned down the company's first offer, knowing Enron would come back with more. The starting salary was around $80,000. Maybe it wasn't a fortune-yet-but the signing bonus, about $20,000, was more than enough for a lease on the obligatory Porsche Boxster or one of the lofts being renovated close to downtown. (Enron people didn't live in far-flung suburbs. Suburbs were uncool and too far from the office.)
For the lucky winners, Enron offered the corporate equivalent of a gifted-and-talented program. New associates learned the latest techniques for structuring energy deals, and there were rotations at Enron offices around the globe. The hours were long, but every possible need was taken care of. A company concierge handled all the things important people couldn't be bothered with: picking up dry cleaning or prescriptions, shining shoes, cleaning the house, planning a vacation. Of course, a lot of people who worked for Enron never got to take vacations-they were too busy making money-but they could use the company gym and the company's personal trainers. If they were overweight or wanted to quit smoking, they could join Enron's Wellness Program. Massages were offered six days a week, from seven in the morning until ten at night. "They were so cutting edge," rhapsodizes someone involved with the company health care program at the time. "They really thought about the psychology and what it took to keep these people going."
Skilling handed out titles analogous to those at Wall Street firms-analysts, associates, directors, and managing directors-but everyone knew that those titles didn't really matter. Money did. Instead of competitive salaries and decent bonuses, Enron offered competitive salaries and merit-based bonuses-with no cap. "If you really worked hard and delivered results, you could make a lot of money," says Ken Rice, who stayed with Enron for 21 years until resigning recently as the head of the company's faltering broadband division. Or, as the saying goes, you got to eat what you killed. Gas traders with two or three years of experience could wind up with a $1 million bonus. And the more you produced, the closer you got to Jeff: Real hot dogs joined him glacier hiking in Patagonia, Land Cruiser racing in Australia, or off-road motorcycling in a re-creation of the Baja 1,000 race, ending at a spectacular Mexican villa. "Every time he'd speak, I'd believe everything he'd say," one loyalist says.=20
And why not? By 1995 Enron had become North America's largest natural-gas merchant, controlling 20 percent of the market. But at a company where the buzzword was "aggressive," that was no place to stop: Skilling and Lay believed the Gas Bank model could easily be applied to the electricity business. Firmly committed to the notion that a deregulated market meant better service at lower prices for consumers (and untold profits for Enron), they began barnstorming the country, pressing their case with entrenched power company presidents (who, with their multimillion-dollar salaries and monopoly service areas, had little incentive to change) and energy regulators (who were somewhat more receptive, thanks in part to Enron's generous lobbying efforts).
But the biggest winner of all was probably Jeff Skilling. In 1997 Ken Lay made him the president and chief operating officer of the company. By then, 
I'm okay with the information (with cost center numbers excised).  Thanks
Donnie, 
Lynn Blair asked that I forward you a copy of Shelley Corman's Gas Logistics group.  I have also included a copy of the NNG job descriptions that are posted on our FERC website.
Thanks,
Fran Fagan
Sr. HR Rep
Enron Transportation Services
713.853.5219
fran.fagan@
Here are my thoughts
Please review attachment for web posting.  Will posting be critical or non-critical?
Thanks!
Saturday was great.  Yesterday was not a banner day for me.  I just kept having feelings of remorse and then guilt that I was feeling remorse.  You're probably the only person that can understand how I'm feeling.  Talk to you tonight.  If you and Chad are gone to Karate before we get home -- we'll go to the store and have dinner ready.
Q,
I've confirmed that all four of us are covered under the TSF health plan as
of 1/1/02.  Furthermore, inoculations are covered 100%, so you should only
pay the $10.00 co-pay.
Love Kim
Hi Nancy
I have Alina at the Dr for her physical this afternoon, but we should be home by 6 PM and be home all evening.  Sorry I missed choir last night .  We are still transitioning and Alina had a fit as we were leaving a friend's house to come to choir 
See you soon
Shelley
Ha Ha - We have no busy schedule.  We are just trying to do exciting things like making it to work each day.  Feb. 9 is fine.
Of course you have so kindly showered Alina with gifts that she isn't in need of much.
Will Saturday, Feb. 9th work for your and Alina's busy schedule? 
C.Baily
Please touch base with Gina and let her handle this.
Well, we get all kinds!
Where is the pipeline? Is it above ground where I could photograph it?
Todd Panagopoulos
Chief Photo Assignment Editor
Chicago Tribune
4th Fl. Photo
435 N Michigan Ave.
Chicago, IL 60611
I guess we'll cancel the direct report meeting since this means that Lynn, Steve & Mike will be absent.
Shelley, there is a meeting to discuss the SLA meeting today from 9:30 until 11:00 with Lynn, Steve, Mary Kay & Dave Neubauer.  Will you be attending or do you want to continue with your direct report staff meeting?
Thank you, Ricki
Sorry Teb but I have an appointment with the Sinus Dr.  Can we visit in advance of your meeting?
Yes - please reschedule for Tues.  Thanks
Shelley would you like for me to send out a message moving your staff meeting this Monday (1/21) because it's a holiday to 11:00 on Tuesday (1/22).  It's moved on your calendar and the conference room has been booked since we moved to 42.
Thanks, Ricki
How about 2:30?  I'll come to you if that time is okay 
How about tomorrow sometime?
Sorry Teb but I have an appointment with the Sinus Dr.  Can we visit in advance of your meeting?
I was afraid she'd think I was being difficult if I mentioned my displeasure at being pushed into the holiday airfare timeframe, not to mention my concerns about missing Chad's Christmas events in December and our nanny holiday issue.
My gut tells me that we should tackle this by trying to get some sort of understanding about when translation will be completed and when our papers will be forwarded to Kazakhstan.  Because frankly telling us that we can travel 10 days after the other group means nothing if our paperwork hasn't been turned in sufficient time.
Shelley,
No, she didn't, and I was too upset about the late November time frame to 
ask. I was thinking about emailing her and asking her when the documents 
would be sent and about how long before we have a court date. I didn't even 
confirm that the 15th was a set date for the other group, but I assume it is. 
If we leave a week or so after them, that puts us leaving right at 
Thanksgiving, which means higher airfare etc Should one of us email her or call her and ask?
Liz
Hi.  Thanks for the info.
Hi Shelley - Welcome home!  I hear you are feeling somewhat better.  Can't wait to see you again.  Rob said to forward this to you.
Hi.
Sorry we missed rehearsal Sunday, but we are definitely still "transitioning 
We will be out of town on Sunday morning at a family gathering and will not be in church to sing.  We will be at choir practice Sunday evening.
I'll look for March and April songs for the Cherubs.
The videotape of the Christmas program is cute.  Maybe we can find a time to watch it.
Hello, Ladies.
I will not be at choir rehearsal on Sunday.  Nancy has the music we will be
working on and will lead the rehearsal.
We sing at both services Sunday morning.  We are singing "We are the Light"
which we sang in September.   The choirs will sing together.   I will be at
both services.
Rehearsal went well on Sunday, but we were missing quite a few kids.  We
rehearsed "We are the Light".  They know it.   We rehearsed a song that
Nancy picked out for February - "Here is the Church".  I can't remember if
that's actually the name of it.    It is such a nice song, I think the
choirs should sing it together.  At one point, it goes . . . Here is the
church, here is the steeple, open the doors and see all the people.  There
are motions that go with that.    I think it would be cute if the Cherubs
sing that part alone and do the motions alone, at least the first time we
sing it in the song.
March is Palm Sunday.  Let's look for a cute song for the Cherubs to sing.
I think we'll re-use last year's song for the Sonshine Singers.
We need a song for April for each choir.   Steve mentioned he had a song
that he really liked, but I haven't seen it and don't know what type of
song it is.  We can take a look and see what we think.    We can look in
our books and find something for the Cherubs.
We started working on a song in the spring program that is to the tune of
"Take Me Out to the Ball Game."   We didn't get very far on it.  There are
a lot of songs to learn, and I'm shooting to have tapes ready by Sunday so
they can start listening to it.
I'm attaching a schedule.  The program date hasn't been confirmed.   I know
the confirmation class's mystery trip is that weekend.  I don't know
whether that will interfere or not.
(See attached file: Choir Schedule - Spring 2002.doc)
I've got three 4:00 - 6:00 rehearsals planned, but we may not need them.
Linda
My meeting with Rod is next Wed.
Shelley, have you scheduled the meeting with Rod to discuss some measurement issues?  Raetta & Jodie are asking and I suppose they are preparing materials for you.  They must need a timeframe.  Let me know and I will put this on your calendar and advise them.
Thank you, Ricki
I'm concerned about the magnitude of the supply imbalance that we've built up again.  Tim - are these numbers verified and up to date.  Can I get a breakdown of the 1.5 Bcf and the 700 MMcf current month portion.   It seems like we just worked down these balances in the fall and now we're building these balances back up again 
If these supply imbalances are building up as a result of Phase V outages perhaps the payback gas use should be separately captured and recorded against the project.
Did ETS officially make a bid to the bankruptcy court for abandoned equipment?  Any computers or just flat screens?
Shelley,
I was shut-out of the click-at-home program before I got a P.C. ordered and was wondering what the status, is on some of the surplus
computer equipment that is still in the building. I am guessing that there is some left of the same quality or better, than that offered in the
program. Maybe you could start a after Chrismas gift sale. Because it was my idea you could give me mine for free  Ha!
Thanks Ron Spain
Sorry I'm so slow in getting back with you on your suggestion.  Nothing moves fast in the world of bankruptcy.  Before I left to go out of the country we had put together a proposal to the bankruptcy court to buy computers -- per Donna's note below the bankruptcy court hasn't acted on it yet.  I'll let you know if I hear of any opportunity for employees to buy computers.
Shelley
Shelley,
Laptops and computers are not an option at this time.  The bankrupcy committee has not released them to sell due to their contents.  To date, we have only been able to secure flat screens.  We are still waiting to hear if employees can purchase flat screens, I assume you are still interested.  The committee has pushed the hardware liquidation topic back to the end of January.  We'll keep you posted.
Donna
Did ETS officially make a bid to the bankruptcy court for abandoned equipment?  Any computers or just flat screens?
Shelley,
I was shut-out of the click-at-home program before I got a P.C. ordered and was wondering what the status, is on some of the surplus
computer equipment that is still in the building. I am guessing that there is some left of the same quality or better, than that offered in the
program. Maybe you could start a after Chrismas gift sale. Because it was my idea you could give me mine for free  Ha!
Thanks Ron Spain
Ok I'm thru with appointment and am on my way in
Thanks again for the kind gift of beanie babies for the orphanage children.  Your kindness is memorialized in my journal.  If you are interested, I have in my office pictures of the kids with their beanies.
Please send me an email with your travel dates -- as I need to make some appointments and plans and I don't want to book while you are going to be gone.
Thanks
Tuesday will be fine
Shelley, 
Sheila Nacey called me today and gave me the details of your request for ENA data.  I have an appointment this afternoon and will be taking a half day of vacation - do you need for me to stay and finish this for you?  Otherwise, I will finish on Tuesday.  Please let me know.  nb
I will be about 15 minutes late
GISB group has not met yet.
I would like to offer the gas controllers the first opportunity on the Gas Logistics Aeros tickets ( 4 tickets)  for the month of February.  Available games are:
Sun, Feb. 3 at 5 PM  vs Utah Grizzlies
Tue, Feb 5 at 7 PM vs Chicago Wolves
Fri, Feb 15 at 7:30 PM vs Utah Grizzlies
Wed, Feb 27 at 7 PM vs Chicago Wolves
Please contact Ricki Winters at x35754 if you are interested.  The tickets will be given on a first come, first served basis.
Yes I am here actually I'm on a conference call.  I'll email later tonight.  Kim will be out of the country on Feb 9.  I'm hoping I can bring Alina and make a play date for Chad
We are headed to Austin tomorrow.
We'll be back Sun.  Can you meet at T and C on Sun afternoon Chad would like to go to Zainy Brainy and I need to exchange some things at Gymboree
I forgot to send the address list before we left for Austin.  I'll give it to you tomorrow.
Alina, Chad and I will meet you and Miss B tomorrow at 1:30 at T and C Starbucks.  Then we can go to Zainy Brainy.  How long can you guys shop?  I have some gift certificates for Ann T, Gap and Gymboree.
What is the shower at Patsy's for? When do you have to be there?
Kim has to travel to Indonesia on business Feb 8 to Feb 19.
I already had Donna prepare a revised budget with people assigned directly to pipes and no cross pipe allocations.  It is rough still -- but looks like we can stay within budget for each pipe.
Kate MacDougall
12602 Kingsride
Houston, TX  77024
Christi - here is the plaintiff malpractice reference from Cyndi.  Rick used to work with Cindy at Full bright and recently formed his own firm.  I know him and he's a great guy.
Rick A. Eckerson
Sydow, Kormanik, Carrigan & Eckerson, L.L.P.
1111 Bagby Suite 4650
Houston, Texas 77002
713-654-8100
713-654-9353 (direct)
713-752-2199 (fax)
reckerson@skcelaw.com
Earlier today, I stepped down as Enron?s Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer.  This decision was reached in cooperation with Enron?s Board and the Creditor Committee and is effective immediately.
To emerge from bankruptcy, Enron needs a CEO who can focus 100 percent of his or her efforts on rebuilding the company.  Unfortunately, with multiple inquiries and investigations that require my immediate attention, at this time I am unable to fully concentrate on what is most important to Enron?s stakeholders - preserving value for our creditors and our dedicated employees.
The Creditor Committee has begun a search for a restructuring specialist to serve as interim CEO to help the company emerge from bankruptcy.  This individual will join Enron?s remaining management team to direct the company?s ongoing operations.
I truly believe Enron can and will survive.  I will remain a Director of the Board to help see that it does.
During my time at Enron, I have witnessed tremendous change and opportunity.  I have seen people rigorously grow and maintain one of the world?s most efficient and safest gas pipeline networks; I have seen people dedicate themselves to a cause that became a passion - the opening of energy markets; I have observed smart people come together as a team to build creative solutions like EnronOnline; and I have watched people tirelessly give of themselves to help their fellow employees and those in the community.  Regardless of what has happened, I am proud of so much of what we were able to accomplish here.
Thank you for your contributions to the company and for the inspiration you have been to me over the years.
Ken Lay
Sorry I missed your call last week.  Kim misplaced your email address so I'm taking a stab that this is it.
I'd love to talk to you about your upcoming adventure to Kazakhstan.    Do you know where in Kazakhstan you'll be adopting from?
Happy New Year
Shelley
Please remind me of who you plan to have stay in the TW/FGT world to cover SCADA?
Please pick one up at lunch.
Q,
What does it look like for you?  Can you leave early enough today to pick up
a sleeping bag?  If not, I need to know as I would like to pick it up at
lunch.
Love
Kim
Did Ginger give you any read on how long to translate our documents or when they might be sent to Kazakhstan?
Shelley
Hi Shelley,
Thanks for your message.  The best way to reach me is really at work (this
address), but I do check the home account a few times a week.
Anyway, how are you?  It must be wierd seeing your own company in the news
everyday.  Kim said that you were in a good spot to rebound if you needed
to when the dust settles.  That is a relief to us.
As far as the adoption stuff......we still have a long way to go.  Our home
study is being written up this week; we've finished the interviews and have
all of our documents into the social worker.  We are hopefully going to get
notification from the INS to get our fingerprints done within the next week
or so.  We're hoping the INS stuff goes quickly, because that is really the
only major thing we have left to get done.
We don't know where in Kazakhstan we're gonna go yet, but, we are about a
month from getting our name on the referral list; we'll probably find out
possible locations then.  I don't know how much Kim relayed to you, but
we're hoping for a healthy infant, and the rest doesn't matter as far as
preferences.  We are pretty excited already.
How is Alina? (spelling?)  Kim's description of her sounds wonderful.  You
guys must be having a terrific time getting to know each other again after
a few months separation.
Lets definitely stay in touch.  Maybe the next time you come through DC we
can have you over or meet somewhere.
Anyway, say hi to everyone for us.
Love,
Kurt
kschier@market-bridge.com
w - 301-961-8936
h - 202-234-8045
Lisa and Kurt Schier
2029 Park Road, NW
Washington, DC 20010
Thanks.  Please send a note to the gas controllers that we will be having a staff meeting
Shelley, Mike and I have talked it over, and we agree that it makes sense to leave the Gas Control meeting scheduled as is, at 6:00 am on Wednesday. thanks. sj
Hi Mrs. Traylor,
Obviously things have been a bit chaotic in our family life as we try to get Alina ("Chad's new adopted sister) settled into our routines.  We have been trying to keep Chad's routines as normal as usual, including bedtime and homework time.  While he seems happy with school, I have noticed decreasing marks on his homework and practice tests.  This especially concerns me with respect to his math -- where he has always been an excellent student.
Do you have any suggestions to help Chad with timed practice tests?  Do you recommend any particular classes (Kumon, etc) or workbooks?  If you think it is appropriate to meet to talk about Chad's progress, I could come to school anytime this Friday, February 1 for a conference.
Thanks
Shelley Corman-Erb
281-531-0385 (H)
713-853-7083 (W)
< 	 RIGZONE    < 	   home <  | news <  | search <  | maps <  | data <  | jobs <  | market <  | store   get a job <  	 	 get a job The Rigzone Career Center is your place to find a job in the oil & gas industry. We have designed a system to make your job search easier through a powerful online resume creation tool, automatic job matching, advanced search functions, and more. At your finger tips you'll find the hottest industry jobs, and your resume will be presented to hundreds of industry employers and recruiters on a daily basis. Post your resume on Rigzone and get a head start on your future. Visit us today: jobs.rigzone.com 
< 	The Rigzone Career Center is the oil & gas industry's premier source for top quality candidates ready to work for you. Our advanced online systems combine with our best-in-class pricing and screened, premium resume database to help you fill your open position in record time. We've taken out the hassle and made finding the right employees easy and cost effective. Visit us today: jobs.rigzone.com 
Current Job Openings: 
Drilling (16 jobs)	
Production (16 jobs)	
Specialty Services (8 jobs)	
Engineering (61 jobs)	
Maritime (11 jobs)	
Management/Admin (29 jobs)	
Features & Benefits: 
Free to use: Candidates enjoy free access to the Career Center with free resume posting. 
Quick and easy resume posting: Our online system allows you to post a resume quickly and easily using a simple web form with create, edit and delete functions. Posting your resume is free. 
Unlimited job searches: Browse by job category or search through the entire jobs database - free! Search criteria include job category, industry expertise/skills requirements, experience desired, education desired, languages required, and job location. 
Full job access: Complete job detail is available for all jobs. 
Personalized career center: When you place your resume in Rigzone's Career Center you are automatically provided with a personalized page that allows you to track your job search efforts anytime, from anywhere. 
Automatic matching: Our automated system compares your resume to incoming jobs and matches jobs to your resume informing you of matches so you can quickly and easily apply for jobs that seem to fit your requirements and background. 
Hot jobs: find the hottest new jobs on Rigzone with the click of a button - the Hot Jobs feature gives you easy access to some of the best job listings on the Net. 
Confidential resume: Interested in looking for a new job but you want to keep it hush-hush? Keep your options open with a confidential resume. Your contact information will be hidden from employers until you provide it. 
Current Resumes: 
Drilling (1256 resumes)	
Production (753 resumes)	
Specialty Services (448 resumes)	
Engineering (1200 resumes)	
Maritime (240 resumes)	
Management/Admin (935 resumes)	
Features & Benefits: 
Specialized for the oil & gas industry: Our Career Center caters to the oil & gas industry only so we can serve your needs more effectively and efficiently. 
Candidate screening: Rigzone maintains the industry's premier database of job candidates by screening all incoming resumes for appropriate levels of experience in the industry so you can find the top quality candidates you are looking for. 
Quick and easy job postings: Our online system allows you to post job openings quickly and easily using a simple web form with create, edit and delete functions. Posting your first job listing is free. Additional listings may be purchased individually (unlimited access plan includes 10 free job listings Unlimited resume searches: Browse by region or search through the entire resume database - free! Search criteria include job category, industry expertise/skills, experience, education, languages, and location. 
Full resume access: Complete resume detail is available for all resumes and is absolutely free (note: contact information is hidden until purchased Automatic candidate filtering: When you post a job you have the option to automatically filter candidates who wish to apply to your listing. 
Automatic matching: Our automated system compares your jobs to incoming resumes and matches resumes to your job postings informing you of resume matches when the job is placed and informing candidates of job matches when their resumes match your job requirements. 
Start Your Job Search: 
Search Jobs Post Your Resume Start Finding Employees: 
Search Resumes Post Your Job  	
Mark your calender!  On  Wedneday, February 6th, access to Rigzone's  premium Gulf of Mexico Drilling Permit and Plans database will be open to all rigzone members and website visitors.  Additionally, HR managers and Industry recruiters will have unlimited free access to the Rigzone Career Center.  Take a test drive, we think you will like what you find  	
Member Services
If you no longer wish to receive this newsletter, you may unsubscribe by clicking here <  or by logging in to Rigzone and updating your profile. You can also change the format you receive (HTML or Text) and your email address by logging in and updating your account. Click here to log in 	
Patty, Stephanie & Barbara,
I have samples of Group's VBS curriculum and Children's Church curriculum and would like to get together and see what you think.
Group's VBS this year is called Bug Safari (think "Bug's Life").  The bible lessons are about David and play on theme of little in size, big in spirit.  The video (that can be used during refreshment time & is the basis of our Friday evening program) features Chatter the Chipmunk -- so we could reuse the adorable costume Ann Turney made.  I would like to select the curriculum with you guys before we have our volunteer luncheon (which I would like to do in late Feb or early March).   I would also like to agree on the date in mid-late July for VBS.  I think I currently have 2 weeks penciled on the church calendar.
I also have ordered samples of Group's Children's Church curriculum.  I have been struggling lately with inspiration for new lessons and some pre-prepared lessons might help us draw in additional volunteers.  Most of our volunteers are enthusiastic about helping -- but not preparing -- a children's church worship 
Evening meetings are difficult for me right now -- as there is much to do in the evenings and little time.  I would love to meet sometime this weekend if you are available.  (Kim will be out of the country the first few weekends in Feb.) or I can meet on Fri. Feb 1 or Fri. Feb 8  - if either of those days suit.
Thanks for your kind words.  I also wanted to thank you for your flexibility in covering both the gas control desks and the measurement desk.
In my office instead of 42c2.  Thanks
Please make note that Shelley would like to start her staff meeting at 9:30 this morning instead of 9:00.
Thank you, Ricki
Yes.  Please add Tami Head, Barbara Bakanic & Maggie Van Syckle if its not too many.
The offer is still open for you and Linda to host at my house if you would like.
Here is Gaby's address:
Gaby Paniagua
13014 Leader #937
Houston, TX 77072
Hi Shelley:
I am getting out invitations for the shower today.  I am sending one to you 
and Alina so you can see it.  Here is the guest list so far:
Giok Boothe
Lisa Corder
Linda Corredor (co-hosting)
Jacque Daughtry
Sydney Free Duvall
Peggy Erwin
Nancy Ginsburg
Dawn Goddin
Ange Grout
Wendy Houghton
Barbara Howard
Stephanie Keesling
Carla McGinley
Kathy Mynarcik
Becky O'Reilly
Dorothy Pledger
Letha Russell
Pam Thyssen
Ann Turney
Patty Wehn-Glowski
I do need to clarify the following:
1)    Did you say yes to inviting Tami Head?  (My notes aren't clear.)
2)    You listed Cherie Otto on your list.  I know that she and Barbara 
Bakanic are very close friends.  Barbara is also in our S/S class when she is 
not teaching.  Do you think we should invite both of them?
3)    You were going to get me Gabby's (sp?) address.
4)    I thought of Maggie Van Syckle.  Are you close with her?
If there's any one else you think of, just let me know.
Thanks,
Barbara
Okay
Please note there will be a meeting at 3:00 today in Danny's office regarding the floor plan.  We hope that everyone can accommodate their schedules to attend the meeting 
If you have any questions, please call Julie at x33597.  Thanks.
Hi There. So glad you are back.  How was skiing?  Hope we can get together on Sat. or Sun.
I never know the polite way to suggest gifts.  Perhaps just a gift ideas list?
Summer clothes (Size 4T pants/5T shirts) 
Swimming accessories
Loving Family Dollhouse Furniture & Accessories
Gift certificates
* In lieu of gifts, contributions can be made in Alina's honor to Kidsave International
Hi! The invites are nearly ready to go. I just need the map to Rosemary's
home. 
Also, Shelley -- we discussed that you may want to direct people to certain
things or places for gifts (e.g., books). Let me know what you the invite to
say and, if clothes are still an option, remind me what sizes.
Thanks!
C.Baily
Tomorrow is fine
Sorry I missed you today.
Looking forward to lunch tomorrow.  Will 11:45 at La Grilia suit you?
Have fun at your event tonight.
Also - mea culpa.  I just replaced my daytimer calendar for 2002 and realized that I missed Matt's birthday.  I hope that wasn't the day we were all over at your house.  Oops.  Wish Matt a belated greeting on us and of course congrats on his promotion.
See you tomorrow.
See you at 4 Pm 
Shelley:
Yes, we can!!  My Bible Study starts at 5pm. I have an hour!  We may change 
the Bible Study to an earlier time though due to the Super Bowl and then I 
will have more than an hour. Either way...I know I will be there.  Please 
know I am praying for you for strength and perseverance as you contine to be 
with Enron. I am sure things are not really comfortable right now but I sure 
am glad they have a wonderful light of Christ's witness like you to be among 
all the darkness.  My heart is still mourning the gentleman who ended his 
life. I pray there will be no one else. Alina grows in leaps and bounds each 
day. I see her at ACEC and she is pure delight. She yells a greeting to me 
when she sees me and it lights up my heart.  I am not sure what she is saying 
but we know each other and it really thrills me to see her smile and her 
little hand waving.  She is such a blessing!  Everyone shows her so much 
love. At Sunday school last week we all really gave Chad encouragment and 
affirmation that he is now the big brother.  He seemed pleased and a wee bit 
shy about all the attention.  Hope and pray we were not toooo much for him Shelly, if you ever get stuck for someone to keep the kids for a while...I 
would be honored if my schedule permits.  Just wanted you to know! 
Thanks for all you do and are doing! I can't wait to begin beating the drum 
for VBS.
In Him,
Patty 
Now that we have Alina's initial visit out of the way and she has stopped talking about the bad ("jaman") nurse that gave her the shots,  I guess it's time to plan round two.
Please let me know the appropriate timing to schedule a follow-up visit for further immunizations.
Thanks
Shelley Corman
713-853-7083
I worked on the grade level promtion.  I didn't know what her new title was supposed to be. Lynn chcecked with Fran and she told her coordinator.  So I guess we'll have to check back in with Fran
I think your outlined measures sound fine.  I would think we could change to the new hotline almost immediately.
Got your note.  I'm volunteering at school this afternoon and can't open the attachment on my Blackberry.  I'll review and send you a note over the weekend
Okay I'll go for a ticket.
Are you back in town.  Do you want to go to the cafeteria for lunch.
This isn't the language that we ageed on and it will cause serious objections from my camp.  I thought I sent Jim an email over the weekend 
The language needs to say that Enron has advised that it is willing to treat UBS as an affiliate. .  We cannot say the interstate pipelines are agreeing -- as this would take agreement of our partners.
11:45
Cyndi,
I have misplaced Lori Schroeder's cell phone number and need to set an appointment with her before Sat!  Help.
Thanks for getting together Sat. -- even if I am bad at picking movies.
Could you make a Dr appt for tomorrow for the Dr on level 3.
Hi,
I just got a really cool software package that is helping me write and
learn Kazakh.  I've attached my first letter.
Lisa and I hope things are going well for you guys.
We're filling out paperwork and getting things notarized almost every day.
And we're getting more excited with each passing document.
How's Alina doing?
Please send us some pictures if you have any.
Love,
Kurt and Lisa
Could you please be so kind as to send me the full shower address list back (my list was missing some addresses).  I want to make sure I get organized to send out thanks after the party.
Hope your week is going well.  Here are a couple of things I wanted to tell you.
1.  I made the arrangements for the house rental, bought 8 baseball tickets each to two of the games where I thought day of the game seats would be hard to come by & got our airline tickets.
2.  Hopefully you got the invitation from Cyndi/Rosemary for Sat.  I know you have Karate plans that day so I understand if it doesn't suit you.  If you decide to come let me know though.  Grandpa is willing to come and stay with Chad (Kim will be in Indonesia), but I wanted to also see what D&T will be up to.
3. Does any day this week suit you for exercise - walk/run?
Shelley
Hi Georgi,
It's nice to hear from you -- although I wish it were under happier circumstances from your end.  I know that your visited with Mike and Steve on gas control openings.  Please also keep in touch with Rick Dietz for contract group openings and Lynn Blair for potential scheduling openings.  I'll also touch base with them and let them know that you may be responding to upcoming job postings.
Hi Shelley!
Just a note to let you know that I have been looking for work and have applied and interviewed for several positions in gas control.  If you have any other openings available within the pipeline group in scheduling, contracts or accounting, I would appreciate any assistance you can offer. 
As you well know, I have a good work history and would be anxious to hear any input from you.  I really do need a job.
.
Georgi Landau
713/455-6869
glandau@bbnow.net
Congrats to you.
It hasn't been announced yet, but to keep you informed, I have been promoted to Director effective 02/01. I received the official word this morning. Apparently a memo will go out shortly with several promotions listed. There aren't any planned organizational changes, just a title change.
Thank you for all of your support. I've always enjoyed working in and around Gas Control and hope to continue to do so in the future.
Gary
My thoughts are written into the document 
Shelley,
What do you think?
Beez,
Since our telephone conversation concerning the special SPRC meeting, I have
prayed/thought about the topic and have the following opinion.
While I agree that this decision has to be made with the good of the entire
congregation in mind, I would like to say that my family and I feel that our family and the
congregation have benefited from Ernie's practical and humble approach to Christian living.
We have witnessed Ernie handle delicate situations with compassion and
consideration.  We also appreciate Ernie's support during Alina's difficult
transition to our home and at ACEC 
Ernie may not deliver the most inspiring sermons, may not be as outgoing as prior pastors at
the church, and may not display managerial qualities in dealing with church staff. Certainly these are important considerations, and perhaps the most important considerations for a pastor of a church the size of AUMC. 
But, I just want to make sure I raise up those gifts that I think Ernie has brought to the
church.  Ernie is the type of person that helps to fix a flat tire, helps pack up the folding chairs after
an event, or gives a stranded member a ride home.  In some ways it seems to me that Ernie is more comfortable
leading by quiet example than being a formal leader.  I believe that it has been good for our congregation to
see that a pastor can get his hands dirty in the process of pastoring to his congregation.
Having said this, both Shelley and I realize that we don't have the day to day contact with
Ernie in the church office setting and don't see the managerial issues that have been raised.  Furthermore, we don't
believe we can afford to have AUMC's membership adversely affected if we intend to grow this church to minister to the needs of our growing community.   In summary, Ernie has my family's support if there is any opportunity to work through the concerns that have been raised, but AUMC is our home and whatever is best for AUMC, that is the direction we should take.  I will support the SPRC's decision.
Kim  
Can they come in the afternoon on Feb 18 (President's Day)?  I have an appointment with the tax lady in the AM.
Can you see about getting Alina a Dentist appointment on Mar 1 at 8 AM  (or at 1 PM) ?  Is it time for Chad to have an appointment again?  Chad has off school on Mar 1 & I plan to take a vacation day.  Alina has an appointment for more vaccinations with Dr Kline at 10 AM.  We may go to the zoo after that.
Q,
What days are you available for Sundeck to come out?
Kim
Jayshree,
Here is the info that I think you need for the NNG package
NNG Top Revenue Contracts
Contract Expirations
Breakdown of Revenues into Reservation (Guaranteed Revenues), Commodity & Penalty
Revenues by Customer
?052400NHO 
Northern Natural Gas Company
Extensive Access to Major Utilities and Industrials in the Upper Midwest 
Flexible Operations 
-Interconnections with 4 Major Pipelines in Market Area 
-Storage Capacity of 56 Bcf 
-Bi-Directional Flow Capabilities 
Over 85% of Revenues From Demand Charges 
95% of Market Area Capacity Contracted Through 2003 
No New Rate Case Until November, 2003 
1999 2000 1999 2000
Michigan
Storage
Northern Natural Pipeline
Enron Assets
Texas
Oklahoma
Kansas
Missouri
Nebraska
South 
Dakota
Wisconsin
Iowa
Illinois
North 
Dakota
Montana
Wyoming
New Mexico
Minnesota
Market Area Volumes
(BBtu/d)
2,173
2,202
2,775
3,483
December 
Full Year 
1999
1999
2000
2000
I copied the children's church materials yesterday and will have Gaby drop them off at church tomorrow.
We agreed to have a children's church meeting tacked on to the end of the next children's ministry meeting.
Would you please check to see that VBS is penciled in July 22-26 on the church calendar.
Thank you
Shelley (making good use of my jury duty time)
Hi. Hope your week is going well.  I'm discouraged to still be sick (asthma or bronchitis or the like).
Also, I'm sure that you have heard the perils of Enron.  Then there is adoption stuff and then there is world news.  I am really hoping that you will have some time to be my therapist this weekend.  What would you think about tryin to coordinate hair appointments Sat?  My only constraint is Chad's noon soccer game.  If hair doesn't work then how about coffee?
Not at this time.  I plan to continue to use my personal American Express.
Shelley, would you like one of these corp MasterCard's?
Thank you, Ricki
The correct fax number for the T&E card applications is (713) 646-6040
slb
I am pleased to announce completion of negotiations with Wright Express to provide a travel and entertainment program for Enron Operations Services Company.   Travel and entertainment cards will be provided to any individual employed by the pipeline companies, who is required to travel on company business.   Each employee will be required to complete the attached application and agreement form, secure management approval and fax to Mary Ann Johnson at (713) 345-3479.   The T&E card will be mailed directly to the applicant. 
Implementation
Employees may use the T&E cards for domestic and international business travel.  Monthly, each employee will be required to complete an expense report utilizing the XMS system, if expenses are incurred.    .    Approved business travel expenses will be reimbursed to the employee via direct deposit or check, depending on how your payroll is currently processed.  Personal use of the card is discouraged.
The Wright Express travel and entertainment card has contingent liability, whereas, the employee's personal credit may be evaluated if:
*	Outstanding balances exceeding $3,500 or delinquent payments beyond 25 days past the due date.
*	A monthly line of credit for business travel exceeding $3,500.
Employees who are required to travel on Company business and expect to exceed the monthly $3,500 spending limit, may request a higher limit.  If you routinely require a spending limit exceeding $3,500 per month, please check the box under "Company Information" on the attached application form.  Your request will be submitted to Enron Operations Service Management and Wright Express for approval.  You will be notified of approval or denial concerning your request.
All travel and entertainment MasterCard accounts are due each month to Wright Express.  Failure, by the employee to pay Wright Express each month, submit expense reports or submit receipts may trigger card cancellation.
Procedure
The travel and entertainment procedure can be found on the ETS website at   will be responsible to review this procedure and comply with all requirements.  Following receipt of the signed, approved application and employee agreement form, employees should expect to receive a T&E credit card within ten to fifteen working days, but no later than March 15, 2002.
Card Activation:
Upon receipt of the travel and entertainment card, you will be required to follow the instructions on the sticker using the activation call-in number.  Following activation, you may immediately begin to use your T&E card.
Rewards Program
Wright Express travel card holders may participate in a rewards program, which is outlined in an attached document.  All fees charged by Wright Express for the rewards program is the employee's personal responsibility. 
Please address all questions concerning the travel and entertainment program to Bruce Martin 713-345-1833, Cheri Sublet 713-345-3475, Mary Ann Johnson 713-345-3479 or Morris Brassfield 713-646-7006.
Application		Agreement		Procedure		     Rewards	
Please feel free to give me a call anytime.  Work is better.  Home is still kind of crazy!
Shelley,
I just got down through my email to your emails with pictures. No, you had 
not already sent them and I want to thank you for taking them and sending 
them. Let me know when you are up for a chat.
Liz
I love Aigerim and visited with her on my recent trip to Taraz.  I took lots of pictures of Aigerim and
if you send me your mailing address I'll send them.  I am very interested in Aigerim's placement.  Let me know either way about your decision.  If you decide not to adopt her I would love to continue to advocate for her.
Hi, how's it going? Anything new on your end?
We heard from Ginger that a child named Aigerim who is from Taraz became
available.  She is from a different orphanage in Taraz.  She stayed in
the HOuston Area.  She is Kazak and speaks only Kazak.  She is five and
will turn 6 in March.  Did you meet any the kids from the Houston area.
Tonya Hoppe has sent me lots of pictures.  We are unsure and want to
wait until we are over to find a sibling for Anastasia.
I asked if they had a travel date, and Atwa told us no.  My work is
wanting to know when so they can find a replacement doc.  One of the
ATWA staff is due to travel on FEB 15th and she still does not have a
travel date.  Is this crazy or what?  I wonder if the other agencies
keep you hanging like this or if this is just our luck.   never boring,
tina
Somewhere convenient to Jim since he has to come from Beltway/EOTT.  Will he come down Wetheimer?  If so we can meet at Highland Village - Grotto is it?  Or if he comes down I-10n then 
She has absolutely everything.  A gift isn't necessary.  I'm working on family pictures for her -- so a recent one of you guys would be great.  And, if you want she could use a photo album or scrapbook for her story.
Call me anytime for info.  I'll let you know the next time I'll be in DC and you are always welcome to hop on down to Houston for a weekend.  Tracey is coming next weekend.  We'll be in State College around July 4.
Keep me posted!
Pressure to finish my review! My husband is in Indonesia on business, so don't be surprised if I reply in the middle of the night when kids are asleep and I can concentrate
What a nice note.  I hope you are feeling better.
Met sounds good
Janice told me that he would be in the office today.  Would The Met be OK?
Thanks, Ricki
Somewhere convenient to Jim since he has to come from Beltway/EOTT.  Will he come down Wetheimer?  If so we can meet at Highland Village - Grotto is it?  Or if he comes down I-10n then 
Great.  Thanks again for going out of your way to meet Alina and join in the party welcoming her.  You're the best!
I hope you didn't spend a lot of time looking in the apartment for my eye makeup.  I found what I lost this a.m.  Thanks again.  Maria
FYI
FYI
If I have left anyone off this distribution list feel free to forward this message.
John Buchanan
John-
You are right, employees have received these notices at home with no explanation.  Below is a memo from Karla Dobbs which explains that this is a notice that the IRS requires.  No action is required by employees.
Thanks,
Fran
The following information was/will be sent to active employees participating in the qualified plans as required by the Internal Revenue Service.  These notices use standard language supplied by the Internal Revenue Service.
We have sent these notices via postal mail (mailed 2/5/02 according to IRS requirements) and will send via e:mail to all active plan participants before the end of this week (2/8/02 according to IRS requirements).
NOTICE:
The attached notices are required communication to plan participants, in accordance with an application for an advance determination filing regarding the qualification of plans described in sections 401, 403(a), 409 and/or 4975(e)(7) of the Code.
1) Interested Parties' rights to Information and Rights to Notice and Comments; 
2) Notices to Interested Parties for the Enron Employee Stock Ownership Plan, 
3) The Enron Savings Plan, and 
4) The Enron Cash Balance Plan
Joan,
Stan tells me that in 2002 I will have the privilege of representing the pipeline segment on the GISB Board.  Will you be letting Rae McQuade know the results of the pipeline segment board elections?
Jayshree - give me a call this afternoon at your convenience. I've fact checked the IM and have a couple of questions for you and some language suggestions.
Sorry that was the wrong draft.  Here is the latest.  (I am sure that there will be spelling errors but I am more focused on content and will do a really thorough spell check at the end.)
HI Shelley,
Attached is a draft of the Northern IM.  I would greatly appreciate it if you could read it and provide any and all editorial comments.  I was hoping that you could provide the answers to the questions which Kevin forwarded to you earlier but I also would love someone to take a look at the overall IM and tell me if it is accurate, structured well, and "salesy."  Kevin said that you were one of the best people to do so given your knowledge of the pipeline 
Thank you so much for all of your help.  If you have any questions, please feel free to call me anytime today or this weekend.
Jayshree Desai
713-853-3290 (w)
713-660-9229 (H)
713-825-4539 (c)
Sounds good. I'll give you my handwritten notes 
4262
what is your office location?
Jayshree - give me a call this afternoon at your convenience. I've fact checked the IM and have a couple of questions for you and some language suggestions.
Sorry that was the wrong draft.  Here is the latest.  (I am sure that there will be spelling errors but I am more focused on content and will do a really thorough spell check at the end.)
HI Shelley,
Attached is a draft of the Northern IM.  I would greatly appreciate it if you could read it and provide any and all editorial comments.  I was hoping that you could provide the answers to the questions which Kevin forwarded to you earlier but I also would love someone to take a look at the overall IM and tell me if it is accurate, structured well, and "salesy."  Kevin said that you were one of the best people to do so given your knowledge of the pipeline 
Thank you so much for all of your help.  If you have any questions, please feel free to call me anytime today or this weekend.
Jayshree Desai
713-853-3290 (w)
713-660-9229 (H)
713-825-4539 (c)
Yes - you name the time
Are you 2 available thursday am to review th IT capital for NNG with Dynegy?
Rod Hayslett
Office  713-853-6178
Cell     713-201-6135
Sorry that was the wrong draft.  Here is the latest.  (I am sure that there will be spelling errors but I am more focused on content and will do a really thorough spell check at the end.)
HI Shelley,
Attached is a draft of the Northern IM.  I would greatly appreciate it if you could read it and provide any and all editorial comments.  I was hoping that you could provide the answers to the questions which Kevin forwarded to you earlier but I also would love someone to take a look at the overall IM and tell me if it is accurate, structured well, and "salesy."  Kevin said that you were one of the best people to do so given your knowledge of the pipeline 
Thank you so much for all of your help.  If you have any questions, please feel free to call me anytime today or this weekend.
Jayshree Desai
713-853-3290 (w)
713-660-9229 (H)
713-825-4539 (c)
Yes
added Steve Harris at 1:30 to discuss floor plan, your ofc.
Also, I have a call into Mike Nelsons assistant to find out if he has a preference for lunch.  Is The Met OK with you?
Thanks, Ricki
I'm fine with the 1-2% growth rate, but think we need to make an assumption about the major contracts that expire 10/31/03 
I met with Jayshree Desai this morning to discuss the recommended changes to the NNG valuation model.  She will make these and circulate the model later today.  I few items worth mentioning -
1) Capex assumptions still seem too high for 2002-2004.  However, the 2002 number is some $30 million below the "Dynegy transition" capex amount shown in the 2002 Capex schedule.  Can we just assume non-discretionary only with the Base Gas repurchase in 2002/2003? Any discretionary would be commercially-driven. [Geaccone, Tracy]  The lower capital is probably from the revised plan.  I am okey with the other assumption. 
2) Keep O&M flat to 2001 numbers? [Geaccone, Tracy]  Costs have been reduced due to Dynegy transition.  If we assume under our control, costs would be the same or slightly lower.  I would propose the same for now. 
3) Tracy / Shelley - Any thoughts on how to incorporate the contract info to better analyze the "contract roll off" scenarios? We have just assumed the 2002 Plan with 1-2% growth rate going forward with a new rate case in effect in 2005. Rod, not sure how you want to look at rate case assumptions or expansion opportunities but we can discuss tomorrow.  Recognizing the volume of NNG contract info and the time constraint we are under, there may or may not be any better alternative. [Geaccone, Tracy]    I think this is a good assumption 
4) Rod - we have assumed an equity infusion of $175 million to re-capitalized NNG to more "reasonable" levels.  I can reduce the amount to $112,500,000 which is the Citibank prepay amount allocated to NNG if that sounds reasonable. 
5) We will show a reduction in A/R of $1.807 billion and a corresponding reduction in equity due to the MCTJ loan.
Any thoughts you have on the above items would be very helpful.  We are trying to send out the info memo by the end of the week.  This model will be the basis for the NNG valuation.
Thanks,
Kevin
Thank you for your update.  Our hearts are very heavy today for Rich and his family.
I, on behalf of Infinite Energy, would like to offer my deepest sympathies to Richard Blaser, Executive Vice President of Infinite Energy, and his family.  Richard's parents were in a plane crash this past weekend  
Russ and Carol Blaser were celebrating a friend's 40th birthday with his wife by eating out in Cedar Key, Florida.  They flew out to Cedar Key and were intending to fly back to Gainesville after the celebratory dinner.  Russ Blaser was an accomplished and experienced pilot and in fact had participated in many air shows with his stunt plane  
Shortly after takeoff from Cedar Key, the plane Russ was flying crashed into the Gulf of Mexico. Richard's mom was killed and his father has not yet been found. 
The date for the funeral of Carol Blaser has not yet been set.  I will relay any relevant information regarding funeral arrangements and Russ Blaser's status to those on this email list as they become available  
Please take a moment to think of Rich and his family.
Darin
Jayshree - here are some thoughts on the IM.  I still can't tie to the top customer revenue figures.  Please give me a call to compare notes.
This table has IES instead of Alliant.  Alliant is customer # 7 in the table already included in the document 
Brad,
Please find the attached with the information you requested.  This information is based on data compiled back at the beginning of November 2001.  If you need additional information, please let me know.
Thanks,
Elizabeth
Hi Mom,
Chad just loves his apple checkboard.  Thanks again for it.
I am still feeling sick.  Last week my Dr. told me its just allergies/asthma, but I'm still feeling puny.  I trying to get in to see if I have a touch of bronchitis or something.
I'm going to forward this little list while I'm thinking of it.  Ordinarily, I'm not one of those people that believes in giving people a gift wish list.  It seems kind of rude and presumptious.  However, given that we may be traveling in the November-December time frame and unable to field the normal questions I receive about what Mr. Chad is into -- I thought I'd provide this list:
Things Chad Says He Wants for Christmas (That Santa isn't bringing) if anyone asks -- not he should expect to get these items (since some cost more than $20)
-Harry Potter Game for Computer (MS-Windows)  (more expensive item)
-Backyard Football Game for Computer (MS-Windows)
-Harry Potter Trading Cards
-Video or DVD of "Cats and Dogs"
-Harry Potter Snapes Potion Kit (More expensive item)
-Ultra Grip Nerf Football
Incidentally, Chad is asking Santa for the Harry Potter Legos Set, a Levitating Game and an Air Snare Drum Game.
More Later
Shelley
That's so sweet.  Sorry our time on the phone was short this morning.  As you well know, 6:50 AM is chaos at our house!
My sister is coming this weekend.  She arrives on Sat. at 11 AM and leaves on Tues.  Since you get home late Sat, I am anticipating that you'll want to sleep on Sunday.  Sunday afternoon we are going to Mary Beth Schatzman's birthday party at a Mexican restaurant.  Sunday morning the kids choir sings. 
Last night the Kudla's came over and we ate take-out.  Christopher broke one of the plates on the wall in the dining room and was very active.   I was pretty tired by the time I got everyone to bed.
Work is very stressful this week.  Tonight we are going to try to make it to Karate and we have to write out everyone's Valentine's cards.
I love you too.
Q
Q,
I know this is early, but I wanted to tell you today so that you can go home
tonight and retrieve something that I left for you and the kids.  Open my
top drawer in my dresser in the closet and you'll find your little surprise.
Hopefully my little token will make up for me not being there on Valentines
Day.  I love you and I'm always thinking of my three Valentines.
Love Kim
Can you please take care of this?
Shelley, do you have an extra copy of version 1.5 of GISB Standards?  FGU is looking for a copy.  Tom
Help
Hey guys,
I sent an amendment to Dan McCarty, for signoff by the NNG President. last week (before the memo) and was told that Danny would no longer be signing agreements for NNG; Danny instructed me to send the agreements to Dan Dienstbier.  Well, Dan Dienstbier just told me he can't sign them either.  Who is the interim NNG President/General Manager?  Any suggestions?
Craig
Lynn and Steve will attend for me.
Mike,
Per your request for information to assist you on a NM tax matter,  attached is a summary of measured receipts into the Transwestern system by state for the period 
April 2001 to June 2001.
,
Shelley Corman
713-853-7083
Perfect!  Thanks.
Attached is a summary of the volumes and percentages by state for measured receipts into TW for the period April 2001 through June 2001.  If you need more information, please let me know.
thanks
Sorry we were unable to have a staff meeting this morning.  I would like to have a brief (1 hr) staff meeting tomorrow or Friday instead.  Please let Ricki know about your availability.
I will be out of the office next Tuesday morning.  In my absence I have asked Mike Bryant to sit in on Stan's staff meeting and Steve January to sit in on Dan Dienstbier's meeting (both moved to Tues. due to President's Day holiday).   Please see that the normal Monday morning updates are set to these folks 
Lynn will compile the NNG Gas Logistics bullets and send to Drew/Emily Sellers.  Donna Scott will compile similar style weekly bullets for FGT/TW/ETS.  Donna check with Toby regarding the proper posting of these bullets.
Thanks
I love you too.  Thanks for the surprise.  Chad thought we were on a treasure hunt.  He especially loved the special kiss.
They both have the sniffles and I have a sore throat.  Man I don't want to get sick again.
Happy Valentine's Day
I can do any of these dates.  If we go to lunch on Feb 19 -- then my sister will be along with us.
Rosemary and Shelley:
I can could do lunch the 19th, 26, or week of March 4.  Fun!  I'll make the reservations (using Rosemary's name!)  C.
Please advise
Hey guys,
I sent an amendment to Dan McCarty, for signoff by the NNG President. last week (before the memo) and was told that Danny would no longer be signing agreements for NNG; Danny instructed me to send the agreements to Dan Dienstbier.  Well, Dan Dienstbier just told me he can't sign them either.  Who is the interim NNG President/General Manager?  Any suggestions?
Craig
My preference is to send out the notice as a Staff Meeting w/ Halloween Snacks.  I'd rather it be just us for this meeting.
Shelley,
39C1 is available from 3:00 - 4:00 pm on Tuesday, Oct. 30.  Would you like to have a social get together for your groups?  I was thinking of maybe a Halloween cake and ice cream social.  Maybe even invite marketing.  What are your thoughts?
Donna
Sorry I missed you this morning.  Could you take a look at this description from the outline.    I checked with John O'Shea and its fine for us to work together on this. I'm back in my office.  Please give me a call at your convenience (x37083)
Competitive Threats
Northern's competitive position is bolstered by the presence of (1) long-term agreements, and (2) a configuration of small-diameter branchlines with multiple delivery points that function as an extension of the LDC's distribution system.
Minnesota:
?	Northern's major Minnesota customers have contracts that extend through 2007.  Beyond current contract terms, there is a mid-high possibility of bypass in Minneapolis/Twin cities area (Alliance, Viking or Northern Border); low-medium bypass possibilities in Rochester and Mankato, MN (Alliance).
Iowa:
?	Northern recently extended the contract with its major Iowa customer (MidAmerican) thru 2005.   Beyond current contract terms, Northern will face competitive threats from NGPL in the Des Moines and Sioux City.
Wisconsin/Chicago:
?	With several significant contract terms up for renewal in 2003, Northern will face competitive pressures in the Wisconsin and Chicago areas because market prices are below maximum tariff rates and due to the high concentration of competing pipelines.   To some extent these competitive factors have already been recognized, as Wisconsin Gas has already bypassed Northern via Great Lakes.    The distance of competing pipelines to many Northern towns will preclude bypass for many others 
Major competitors in the market area include:
?	Alliance
?	ANR Great Lakes
?	Natural Gas Pipeline
?	Northern Border
?	Trailblazer
Viking 
Saturday night sounds good.  My sister will be here!
Things are going fine at home...but we'll be happy to have Kim home!
Although it is only Tuesday, I am already trying to plan for the weekend.
John's brother Gib is visiting us and we were hoping to see you (sans Kim)
on Saturday for dinner ... at Lupe's? 
How is it going in Kim's absence? If I can assist in any way, please let me
know.
C
Greg,
Typically I sign all these EDI trading partner agreements with Lee Huber's initials.  Can we get the proper agency/delegations in place so that I can continue to sign without further ado so long as the agreements are identical to the GISB standard agreement.  We can put in place a separate procedure for any non-standard TPAs?
Shelley,
Will you be able to continue executing the Northern Natural Gas Company TPAs?  If not, can you tell me who will so that I can update the TPA on the website.
Thanks,
Mary
Any numbers for me?
We will have the Great River and Power Tex information together very soon after lunch 
Can you send me the latest version?
Also, I am expecting to shortly have the power plant numbers to add for the 1 market and 1 southend power plant per year based on actual annualized revenues from a recent market power plan (Great River) and southend (PowerTex).
Great Rosemary,
I'm so slow in thanking you for the lovely party.  You are the best.
My sister will be here for our lunch on Monday too.  We're going to be out shopping that day.
the 19th is the best for me; 11:45? This will be fun!!! Christi, I am happy to make the reservations if you want! 
Rosemary 
Hi Shelley,
Here is the latest.
Stan/Rod,
I previously mentioned to you that I have assigned John Buchanan as Mgr, TW scheduling to ensure that we have a consistent focus on TW scheduling matters and presence at the 8 AM TW morning meeting (Lynn Blair, Steve January and Terry Kowalke are in the NNG morning meeting each day at the same time).
Previously Terry Kowalke and John Buchanan split time advising the TW and NNG team on day to day scheduling matters.  Terry was sitting on 39 and John on 42.  In light of the immediate change in their assignments, I asked John and Terry to switch desks.  I need you authorization to move their telephones.
This change is important to demonstrate to the commercial groups of both NNG and TW that we will not miss a step in tending to daily business even during the transition 
Thank you for the support 
It's not final yet.  I'll forward the latest copy that Jayshree sent me yesterday afternoon.  I still need to check that all our comments were added.
Shelley 
Can you provide a copy of the final NNG IM to me please 
Thanks
Brad
Hi Shelley,
Here is the latest.
Can you send me the latest version?
Also, I am expecting to shortly have the power plant numbers to add for the 1 market and 1 southend power plant per year based on actual annualized revenues from a recent market power plan (Great River) and southend (PowerTex).
You could never be a bother.  A woman serving food at a volunteer event always has a special place in my heart.
I bought the Louis Rich pre-cooked chicken & the caesar salad bowls (in plastic bowls - near fruit bowls) from Albertson.  Just added some extra parmesan.
Hi Shelley: 
I am helping to host a Girl Scout snack supper for 50 adults tomorrow evening, and I am thinking about making the grilled chicken salad like you made for the VBS planning meeting.  Can you tell me if you bought pre-cooked chicken, and if so where you got it?  Also, was that just romaine lettuce you used, or pre-mixed greens?  Did you toss a dressing in the salad, and if so, what kind? 
(Sorry to bother you with this - if you don't have time to respond I totally understand Thanks, 
Barbara 
FYI
OK
Stan/Rod,
I previously mentioned to you that I have assigned John Buchanan as Mgr, TW scheduling to ensure that we have a consistent focus on TW scheduling matters and presence at the 8 AM TW morning meeting (Lynn Blair, Steve January and Terry Kowalke are in the NNG morning meeting each day at the same time).
Previously Terry Kowalke and John Buchanan split time advising the TW and NNG team on day to day scheduling matters.  Terry was sitting on 39 and John on 42.  In light of the immediate change in their assignments, I asked John and Terry to switch desks.  I need your authorization to move their telephones.
This change is important to demonstrate to the commercial groups of both NNG and TW that we will not miss a step in tending to daily business even during the transition 
Thank you for the support 
I'll gladly bring my photo album and Alina.  Chad has a playdate at a neighbors house.
Gaby told me that she cannot attend.
You mentioned that several people may come to the get together late and that we may visit longer than 12:30 pm.  My sister is arriving in town for a visit around 12PM and a cab is picking her up at the airport.  I currently have arrangements for the cab driver to take her to my house (probably around 1 PM). Let me know if you think I should change this arrangement 
I can't think of anyone we missed for the party, except Bobby Oldfield.  She is going to start working with us on Children's Church and was a fantastic help with VBS.  I inadvertently dropped her name from the list 
Thank you for everything you do.  I'm always overwhelmed by your kindness.
Shelley
Hi Shelley:
I am looking forward to seeing you and Alina tomorrow for the shower.  It 
will be great to have the opportunity to visit with you.
Just so you know, Laura and Kathryn will be here tomorrow and can help 
entertain Alina if needed.
There are several people that I have not heard from as far as RSVP's.  We 
will have plenty of food, so if anyone asks you, please tell them just to 
come!
Take care,
Barbara
P.S.  By the way, if you have any pictures or mementos from your trip that 
you might like to share, bring them along.
Here are a few more minor edits I saw in the latest IM
I am looking for a way to assist a co-worker that is under stress with a wife with health problems, a baby and two other children at home.  I am interested in getting details about how I might pre-pay for a two-week personal chef service 
Could you give me a quote on two-week service to this family located in the Copperfield area? 
Would you deliver the pre-made meals to the home?  Could the gift recipient select the menu items?
Shelley Corman
713-853-7083
I am looking for a way to assist a co-worker that is under stress with a wife with health problems, a baby and two other children at home.  I am interested in getting details about how I might pre-pay for a two-week personal chef service 
Could you give me a quote on two-week service to this family located in the Copperfield area? 
Could the gift recipient select the menu items?
Shelley Corman
713-853-7083
Kevin,
We can get ETS-related pipe throughput for 2001 (and Rick has subsequently sent the TW 2001 data).  But we won't have non Enron pipeline throughput until they publish.
I'm confused - I thought we had throughput data on a more timely manner? Is it the specific format that is the problem or the data itself? If we want to estimate it, that would be fine also.
Unfortunately, I can only (immediately) help by providing throughput data for the Enron pipelines that was recently provided for another data request that covered the period 1996 - 2000.   It is attached below and has a tab for Transwestern.  The 2001 FERC Form 2 delivery data is not yet available since the Form 2 will not be completed until April 30, 2002.  Please let me know if you have difficulty finding the data elsewhere and I will ask the TW marketing or regulatory groups if they have any contacts.
Rick
Kevin Howard suggested that I contact you regarding some data for the attached slide.  I am looking for average throughput for four pipes in 2001.  Please let me know if you have this information.
Thank you,
Michael
Jayshree,
I j found three more minor nits 
Sorry but I don't have an isolated power plant capex number. 
In the NNG commercial folks original budget they forcasted $1.2 M revenue growth from $25 million 2002 Capital.  So my thought is that if you have already included maintenance capital = depreciation, then $25 million capital includes market area expansion as well as power plant growth.
One question, on the $1,000,000 margin per additional power plant that we are assuming for growth, is there any capex associated with that growth?  What about any increase in O&M expense?
Thanks,
Jayshree
Jayshree,
I j found three more minor nits 
We should change all refernces to say top 10 customers provide 66 percent of revenues .  I changed that in one prior draft.  The other figure is the top 15 contracts.  I think we should stick to customer figures rather than mix customer and contract stats
There are a couple of slides in the recent bank package NNG prepared and a few more slides in the original 2002 budget package.  I'm a vacation day but have to stop by the office later today and will round these up 
Thanks.  No-Notice Imbalances are market area from the perspective of commodity pricing.  The only reason that they are separated out from the rest of the imbalances is because of the transportation element of the cash-out price.
Okay.  I did not originally include the no notice quantities in the market area imbalances.  I or Galen can get that info from the monthly excel spreadsheets.  I will start gathering that data 
I consider the no notice to be part of the market imbalance for this analysis.
Skyline refers to added seasonality that NNG proposed to add to its rates.  The rate case settlement represented a compromise approach to shifting more responsibity to the peak.  So no we didn't implement Skyline as proposed and nothing is pending.  I expect that NNG will make a new proposal to refect peak cost responsibility as part of the next rate case
Tomorrow morning!
Okay - so I see that it's Orlando Cogen (not Orange).  I'm unclear what the relationship is with El Paso.  Do they own 100% of Orlando Cogen?  Are they the designee?  Have they sent correspondence to us that El Paso is now owner or contact party for this contract?
Jimmy,  we could use a helping hand in collecting about $518 K from Orlando Cogen for their January reservation billing.  Marion has called them on several occasions this week and they simply are not responding to her messages.  We have several small customers we're still chasing, but Orlando is the most significant outstanding issue we have left.  Could you give me a call in the morning so we can discuss.  Thks! Sheila
Can I see the Trunkline OBA too
Sharon
I'm not sure Sheila is the one for sign off.
Also, I'm not sure we have our act together.
We need to do that before the draft goes out.
I am especially concerned about the suggested tolerances.
Given our recent discussions, they may be too low.
If anything, it seems like they are less then the recent Shelley/Mike guidelines.
(Maybe we need some more "official" guidelines.)
If Trunkline sees these numbers, it may be hard to change the tolerances.
Finally, Shelley and Mike may be concerned if we sent it out without their comments.
I will continue to press for input.
Frazier
Why can't we just get Sheila's signoff.    It isn't like we are doing anything radical here.   Trunkline hasn't even seen it yet, so they might make more changes --- it's just our standard GISB agreement.   I think Trunkline should actually review before Shelley anyway.   (for discussion purposes)
Sharon,
I have placed several calls to Shelley about the Trunkline OBA.
I have not heard back and she is not in today.
So, I just sent the draft to Mike to get his input.
Frazier
I just got this message.  I assume it is an old message or do you have a new injury?
Shelley,
I scratched my cornea playing basketball or have a conjunctivitis infection in my eye.  I have a doctor's appointment for 11:00 on Tuesday  My home number is 281 359-6258 if you need to reach me.
Rick
In addition to the post-it note, please record the following items:
6572  Aeros  			$22
6573 Gaby    			$406.23
6574 Audobon Docent Guild	$70
6575 FPPS			$65
6576 Lynn Blair			$75
6577 ACEC			$125
* Also - please make sure to record the approx.  $2200 deposit I made while you wer gone.
Thanks
Rick
I need you to work out a full budget for this class & the Houston class -- both the customer portion + the individual employee travel expenses that will hit our budget.  Once you have the cost estimate together, lets sit down and make sure we're okay from an overall budget perspective and then make sure that the participating staff know that we need to stick to the budget.
What did we put in the 2002 plan for the TW contract training?
ssage Please see the attached invitation to our New Contract Management and Capacity Release System Training on March 4th and 5th in San Francisco, CA.=20
If you have any questions, please call Rick Dietz at 713-853-5691 or Linda Trevino at 713-853-5413.
Alma for Rick Dietz
Are you at all worried that this starts the move to zone rates in the market area?  Do we care?  Are we worried about having competitive Zone E/F rates?
If all of marketing is in agreement and we can demonstrate the elements sufficently to include in the filing.  How will this work in the field area??  Doesn't this conceptually give everyone the same priority or we narrowing it down to within the MID?  MK
In our meetings today on Order No. 637, we failed to discuss the topic of alternate point priorities "within-the-path". Marketing indicated in a meeting yesterday that they would like a change to alternate rights in the Market Area.  That change would provide that use of an alternate point within the operational zone where the shipper's primary rights are located would have priority over alternate rights in an operational zone where the shipper doesn't have primary.  This means we would have another level of alternate to be added to the tariff.  For example, if Minnegasco made an alternate nomination in Zone D at E.Dubuque, they would have a lower alternate right than Wisconsin Gas at E.Dubuque.
Please provide any comments you have on this issue along with your other comments requested to be provided to Maria by COB on Monday  
p.s. I recognize this would fall into the category of "needing system changes so it may take awhile".
When you have a chance - can we talk about this?
Are you at all worried that this starts the move to zone rates in the market area?  Do we care?  Are we worried about having competitive Zone E/F rates?
If all of marketing is in agreement and we can demonstrate the elements sufficently to include in the filing.  How will this work in the field area??  Doesn't this conceptually give everyone the same priority or we narrowing it down to within the MID?  MK
In our meetings today on Order No. 637, we failed to discuss the topic of alternate point priorities "within-the-path". Marketing indicated in a meeting yesterday that they would like a change to alternate rights in the Market Area.  That change would provide that use of an alternate point within the operational zone where the shipper's primary rights are located would have priority over alternate rights in an operational zone where the shipper doesn't have primary.  This means we would have another level of alternate to be added to the tariff.  For example, if Minnegasco made an alternate nomination in Zone D at E.Dubuque, they would have a lower alternate right than Wisconsin Gas at E.Dubuque.
Please provide any comments you have on this issue along with your other comments requested to be provided to Maria by COB on Monday  
p.s. I recognize this would fall into the category of "needing system changes so it may take awhile".
2:30 works for me 
Are you available around 2:30?  I wanted to come up and give you an update on a few things.  It will probably take an hour or so 
Brad
We received a call this morning from a gentleman, Todd Bearden (954-981-1101), who recently moved into a home in Hollywood FL and is trying to obtain information about gas service, could one of you pass this request on the appropriate person at NUI-City Gas or TECO/PGS 
I consider the no notice to be part of the market imbalance for this analysis.
Please coordinate a meeting next week between Don Hawkins, myself and Rod Hayslett for Don & I to discuss a proposal for NNG Measurement with Rod 
Another concern I have is that once we say that we can path -- then we've lost our best argument against physical segmentation.
Are you at all worried that this starts the move to zone rates in the market area?  Do we care?  Are we worried about having competitive Zone E/F rates?
If all of marketing is in agreement and we can demonstrate the elements sufficently to include in the filing.  How will this work in the field area??  Doesn't this conceptually give everyone the same priority or we narrowing it down to within the MID?  MK
In our meetings today on Order No. 637, we failed to discuss the topic of alternate point priorities "within-the-path". Marketing indicated in a meeting yesterday that they would like a change to alternate rights in the Market Area.  That change would provide that use of an alternate point within the operational zone where the shipper's primary rights are located would have priority over alternate rights in an operational zone where the shipper doesn't have primary.  This means we would have another level of alternate to be added to the tariff.  For example, if Minnegasco made an alternate nomination in Zone D at E.Dubuque, they would have a lower alternate right than Wisconsin Gas at E.Dubuque.
Please provide any comments you have on this issue along with your other comments requested to be provided to Maria by COB on Monday  
p.s. I recognize this would fall into the category of "needing system changes so it may take awhile".
Don,
I would like to see the following notations added to the Gas Logistics CAPEX page to fully reflect the discussion and agreement.
With respect to the specific project listed:
1.  Gas Logistics is authorized to proceed with 4 Discretionary projects, including the three gas control network/security upgrades that you have listed and also the blanket desktop replacement project ($19,000) (omitted from your listing).  No further written proposal is required by Dynegy and restated capital budget will constitute the written authorization to proceed with these projects.
With respect to Footnote 2.  I believe the description below more precisely reflects our discussion:
2.  Dynegy requested and Enron agreed that NNG will not be charged any additional amounts for the Base Contract System through June 30, 2002, UNLESS Dynegy authorizes Enron to begin work on the customization and implementation of the NNG contract system prior to June 30, 2002.   To the extent that Enron is not directed to begin work on the customization of the base contract system for NNG prior to June 30, 2002, it is understood that the implementation date of the NNG contract system will be impacted.
3.  Dynegy requested and Enron agreed that NNG will not be charged any additional amounts for the Base Rates and Revenue System through June 30, 2002  
An additional footnote should be added to the page.
4.    The 2002 Capital Budget does not currently authorize the system modifications that will be necessary to implement NNG's Order 637 filing/revised filing provisions or GISB changes.   Dynegy and Enron will need to mutually agree whether to commence work on these modifications to meet filing commitments or expected FERC requirements  
Attached for your review and information is a copy of the Restated 2002 Capital Budget (25 page report) which reflects the planned CAPEX recently agreed to between NNG/Dynegy and Enron.
Feel free to contact Mike McGowan (402.398.7110) or Don Vignaroli (402.398.7139) with questions or comments.
Rod,
I received Don's memo before I sent out the memo that we had talked about -- so I turned the thoughts into reply comments  
Don,
I would like to see the following notations added to the Gas Logistics CAPEX page to fully reflect the discussion and agreement.
With respect to the specific project listed:
1.  Gas Logistics is authorized to proceed with 4 Discretionary projects, including the three gas control network/security upgrades that you have listed and also the blanket desktop replacement project ($19,000) (omitted from your listing).  No further written proposal is required by Dynegy and restated capital budget will constitute the written authorization to proceed with these projects.
With respect to Footnote 2.  I believe the description below more precisely reflects our discussion:
2.  Dynegy requested and Enron agreed that NNG will not be charged any additional amounts for the Base Contract System through June 30, 2002, UNLESS Dynegy authorizes Enron to begin work on the customization and implementation of the NNG contract system prior to June 30, 2002.   To the extent that Enron is not directed to begin work on the customization of the base contract system for NNG prior to June 30, 2002, it is understood that the implementation date of the NNG contract system will be impacted.
3.  Dynegy requested and Enron agreed that NNG will not be charged any additional amounts for the Base Rates and Revenue System through June 30, 2002  
An additional footnote should be added to the page.
4.    The 2002 Capital Budget does not currently authorize the system modifications that will be necessary to implement NNG's Order 637 filing/revised filing provisions or GISB changes.   Dynegy and Enron will need to mutually agree whether to commence work on these modifications to meet filing commitments or expected FERC requirements  
Attached for your review and information is a copy of the Restated 2002 Capital Budget (25 page report) which reflects the planned CAPEX recently agreed to between NNG/Dynegy and Enron.
Feel free to contact Mike McGowan (402.398.7110) or Don Vignaroli (402.398.7139) with questions or comments.
FYI
Don,
I would like to see the following notations added to the Gas Logistics CAPEX page to fully reflect the discussion and agreement.
With respect to the specific project listed:
1.  Gas Logistics is authorized to proceed with 4 Discretionary projects, including the three gas control network/security upgrades that you have listed and also the blanket desktop replacement project ($19,000) (omitted from your listing).  No further written proposal is required by Dynegy and restated capital budget will constitute the written authorization to proceed with these projects.
With respect to Footnote 2.  I believe the description below more precisely reflects our discussion:
2.  Dynegy requested and Enron agreed that NNG will not be charged any additional amounts for the Base Contract System through June 30, 2002, UNLESS Dynegy authorizes Enron to begin work on the customization and implementation of the NNG contract system prior to June 30, 2002.   To the extent that Enron is not directed to begin work on the customization of the base contract system for NNG prior to June 30, 2002, it is understood that the implementation date of the NNG contract system will be impacted.
3.  Dynegy requested and Enron agreed that NNG will not be charged any additional amounts for the Base Rates and Revenue System through June 30, 2002  
An additional footnote should be added to the page.
4.    The 2002 Capital Budget does not currently authorize the system modifications that will be necessary to implement NNG's Order 637 filing/revised filing provisions or GISB changes.   Dynegy and Enron will need to mutually agree whether to commence work on these modifications to meet filing commitments or expected FERC requirements  
Attached for your review and information is a copy of the Restated 2002 Capital Budget (25 page report) which reflects the planned CAPEX recently agreed to between NNG/Dynegy and Enron.
Feel free to contact Mike McGowan (402.398.7110) or Don Vignaroli (402.398.7139) with questions or comments.
Would you guys be amenable to signing up the boys for Nature Explorer Camp July 29-Aug 2.  The Audubon lady said that I can sign Chad up with the 7-8's if he's going to be with a 7-year old buddy.
Summer Schedule
I'm not planning any camps for Chad the week of June 3 because of Swim Team (really busy first week of June 
June 10-14 is Grace VBS
We'll be on vacation week of July 1-7
Ashford VBS July 22-26
Hopefully Nature Explorer Camp week July 29 - Aug 2.
I'd like to sign him up Biron's or some other camp 1 or more weeks (either):
June 24-28
July 8-12
July 15-19
Yes I can either meet you at noon or at 3 PM take your pick.  I have to take the Kid's to a b-day party from 1:30-3PM -- Kim can watch them afterwards.
I'd like to go to Neiman Marcus last call.
Hi! I hope your week has gone well. I'm checking in to see if you have time
tomorrow afternoon to meet for coffee or to otherwise get together. John and
I are doing some yardwork in the morning and he and Miss B will go to his
hockey game in the afternoon -- thus I'llb be free then.
Take care, C
How did you make sure it was the right set?  Will it be delivered?
I,m so excited.  This will make my week.
can you resend.  There was no attachment
FYI
Yesterday, Sunday the 24th, one of our gas controllers was stuck in an elevator for approximately 5 hours. Apparently the alarm and the intercom were not functioning and she had no way of notifying anyone that she was stuck between the 39th floor and the plaza. After other dispatchers became concerned about her being missing and searched for her, it was 2 hours before they determined she was stuck in an elevator. It then took another 3 hours to repair the elevator and get her out. We were advised by one of the guards that the weekly test and inspection of the intercoms was not performed on Saturday, as scheduled. Evidentially the level of maintenance and monitoring of the elevators has recently changed 
We are pursuing this matter with Bill Donovan and the building/security staff.
Great.  Last week I was invited to a forum, but I was disappointed that I could not attend.
FYI - I was selected to attend a facilitated focus group meeting to candidly discuss the current environment of Enron from a mid level management point of view.  If anything comes out of this meeting that sounds particularly interesting, I will let you know 
Also, if there is a topic you would like me to comment on, please let me know your thoughts.
Rick
Thank you for agreeing to attend the "Sr. Director/Director Focus Group" Meeting scheduled for Wednesday, October 24, 2001.  The focus group will begin at 11:30 a.m. - 12:30 p.m. in EB/ECN 16C1.  Lunch will be provided.
Sally Alvarez
Manager
Employee Relations
713/853-6386
I'll try to attend this meeting if you need me.  I have a CLE class out of the office from 12-2 today.  But, I would like to dispel the suggestion that Jerry put together the spreadsheet for me.  I'm very enthusiastic about the AR tools that Jerry & Jim have developed and I'm happy that the reports seem to also serve the needs of the finance folks, but I feel like I made it clear that the customer service reps (like Marion) that are on the front line of collecting monies are the main clients of Jerry's reports.   If the tool needs to be modified to better meet their needs -- then it should be modified.  I'm all for automation and less manual intervention.
Shelley--If you have time on your schedule, would you also attend this meeting.  The reason I've scheduled this meeting is to determine exactly what it is John Keiser needs for cash flow analysis and what we can do to automate Jerry's process such that it doesn't require so much manual intervention and is more dependable.  (Marion spends too much time reconciling to Jerry's spreadsheet when she needs to be contacting customers for collections.)  I believe Jerry put this together for you, so your thoughts would be appreciated.  Sheila  (We're meeting in EB3907 at 2:30 pm.)
Attached is the Agenda and attachments for the Monday PM Cash Flow meeting. For those of you who are not real familiar with the process, we are attaching all related files to give you a chance to prepare for the meeting.
Please bring your copy to the meeting.
Jerry  
Wednesday will work best for me.  Say 11:45 at the Daily Review?
Hi! I hope you enjoyed the rest of your weekend. The weather was simply
beautiful. We did some extensive yardwork. Luckily we didn't plant much
since it is supposed to be chilly this week.
Brianna and I loved the sing-a-long Sound of Music. It was great fun. I'd go
again next weekend!
Let me know which day is best for us to have lunch --Wednesday or Thursday.
C
Would one of be able to email this gentleman.  He called me again this morning looking for information on connecting a well to Northern.
I'm not sure if you are the person I need to be contacting, so if you're not 
maybe you can lead me in the right direction.
I am in the process of working on a gas well in Hodgeman County, Kansas;
Section 18, T21S, R22W.  The BTU test for a well in the vicinity came back 
at 723BTU.  699.25 Methane, 14.64 Ethane, 4.77 Propane, 1.3 Isobutane, 0.98 
Normal Butane, 0.4 Isopentane, 0 Normal Pentane, 1.51 Hexanes.  Mole % is 
69.45 Methane, 0.83 Ethane, 0.19 Propane, 0.04 Isobutane, 0.03 Normal 
Butane, 0.01 Isopentane, 0 Normal Pentane, 0.03 Hexanes, 28.45 Nitrogen, 
0.04 Oxygen, 0 Carbon Dioxide, 0.93 Helium, and 0 Hydrogen.
Do you have a pipeline in the vicinity, and would you be able to purchase or 
transport the forementioned quality of gas.
If you could inform me on pipelines who could service this well please send 
me an e-mail.
Thank you.
Jeff Kidd
EEFSI
_________________________________________________________________
Send and receive Hotmail on your mobile device 
Ricki - would you please:
1. Make reservations at 11:45 on Thurs for Judy Johnson & I at Duck & Co in Hyatt
2. Set up a pre-meeting for Don Hawkins & I before our meeting with Rod tomorrow
3. Move my Wed. staff meeting to run from 10-11:30 (instead of 9-10).  Since we no longer have a Wash office, I plan to watch the Commission meeting myself
I'm confused how this fits in with the projects that we recently had Dynegy approve.  Is this one of the discretionary network upgrade projects that they agreed to support?  Or one of the other discretionary projects that we didn't have funding for before 6/30/02 anyway?
Shelley and Steve,
As you know, we have been working with facilities to develop options to replace or improve our 75KVA UPS that provides power to the Gas Control environment. My recommendation at this time is that we stand pat with the current 75KVA UPS and the redundancy that we currently have in place. Given the uncertainties of the status and ownership of the 40KVA UPS on EB44, and given Mr. Cooper's stated intention of moving out of this building, it simply doesn't make sense to spend the $28K estimated to leverage the 40KVA UPS on EB44. I've talked with Randy Lord and he is comfortable with us continuing to rely on the 75KVA unit for the near term. 
I do want to thank facilities for their efforts, particularly Charles Upshaw, who provided a great deal of assistance in reviewing what equipment was available and how we might leverage the equipment.
Let me know if you have any questions or concerns.
Thanks, Gary
Gary Kenagy
ETS Information Technology
713-853-3094
gary.kenagy@
I'd tell her that we have actual tickets for games on Mar 9 (Astros) and Mar 13 (Indians), but otherwise just plan to buy the day of the game.  We just pulled schedules from the web.
My feeling is that once they affirmatively decide they are going to FL, you should say that I rented a house and that you are going to come over and stay with us for a few days.  I know this might push us to the point of her asking whether they can stay with us .... but I'm afraid the kids will spill the beans.
Per my earlier email --- this is the maintenance company's response.
Yesterdays elevator problem was caused initially by a broken belt on the governor on Car # 21. This controls the speed of the car, and the car is designed to stop where it is if something happens to the governor rather than risk an overspeed condition. We have had the car thoroughly checked over today to see what else we could determine about yesterdays problems. The intercom in this car does not work, but the alarm bell does work. I can't explain why no one heard the bell. We have taken the car out of service until the intercom is repaired.
There have been several changes within the Maintenance Department since the bankruptcy in December, but none that should have impacted the maintenance levels of the elevators. We have eliminated the 24 x 7 on site coverage by the Maintenance Department, and returned to an on call arrangement which we previously had until about a year ago. We had to reduce the size of our staff as did everyone else, and simply do not have enough people to adequately staff 24 x 7 any longer. We also had two full time Elevator Mechanics on site Monday through Friday during our peak. That, however, was when we had over 8,000 people in the building. During that time we had a lot of problems just because of the extremely heavy usage. Now that we have fewer than 3,000 people here, the usage does not warrant two full time mechanics, so we have cut back to one. The routine maintenance on the elevators is still accomplished on schedule by the one mechanic. Most of the other high rise buildings in town have either one or none. In the past the second mechanic was tied up with trouble calls which we have very few of now.=20
While it is not required by code, we have always made it an internal practice to do a physical inspection of all of the elevators and test all of their functions on a weekly basis. This is generally accomplished by Security or Maintenance either on Friday or Saturday after hours, as you must recall them to the lobby to do this. The inspections were not completed this past Saturday. This would normally not be a significant issue, as routines are interrupted from time to time due to other occurring problems. Unfortunately this time it was significant.=20
This past Sunday has pointed out several procedural issues that either need corrected or reviewed with our support personnel. I do not know what time it was determined that someone was stuck in the elevator, but Security contacted our on call person at approximately 11:45 A.M. The on call Tech then proceeded to the building arriving at about 12:25 P.M. Our person tried unsuccessfully to reset the elevator, and when that was not possible, he asked Security if Schindler was on their way. It was at that point the he learned that Schindler had not been contacted yet. Security then called Schindler at 12:37 p.m. and Schindler contacted their mechanic at 12:44 p.m. The Schindler tech arrived on site at 1:45 p.m. and had the person out of the elevator about 2:20 p.m. It is standing procedure for Security to contact Schindler immediately in the event of an entrapment. Failure to do this resulted in an extra hour before help arrived.
I am reviewing procedures with the Security Supervisor to insure there are no delays in contacting the elevator service immediately in cases of an entrapment. We are also reviewing the routine inspection procedures on the elevators to insure that they are inspected weekly and taken out of service if the intercom does not work properly. Security will remain responsible for these inspections since they have people here at night. =20
I sincerely regret the extreme inconvenience your employee went through yesterday, and I assure you we are taking every precaution to insure this does not happen again. Elevators will occasionally break, and there will occasionally be an entrapment, but 5 hours and no ability to communicate is not acceptable.
Randy
Thanks for your concern.  While it was very scary for Helen, I'm satisfied with Randy's reply.
I don't know who/what got everything stirred up today.  It is true I have other offers, but none are new -- I've been thinking about them for several weeks and haven't made up my mind.  I'll let you know when I figure it out!
Tim,
Is the activity at the MidLouisiana points normal.  How did we build up a 156,000 MMBtu balance at Port Hudson.  Is this a measurement or a scheduling mismatch?  How big is this point?
Please find the attached.
Thanks,  Tim  
Return to Ricki and she can take care of it
I'm not sure, Alma, but I thought it is Ricki.
Shelley, Alma coordinates the pager activity for most of the people in the group, but yours is not one of them.  Would you like Alma to track down the person at Skytel to return your pager to or would you prefer she just hand it over to Ricki?  We do not want to continue to pay for your pager now that you have a blackberry.
Rick
Fawn Borger was told by Ricki to return Shelley's Pager to me.  Do you have any idea who pays for Shelley's pager?
Alma G.
Here are a few thoughts.
Attached is Dari's and my attempt to draft tariff language and an explanatory statement regarding a negotiated "System Flow Request" that may be incorporated into Northern's 637 filing.  Please provide comments by COB, Tuesday February 26th.  Thanks MW
Tim - The denominator in the load factor calculations needs to be updated.  Please check with Mike to get the current denominator for the months.
Please find the attached.
Thanks,  Tim 
Yes
18.            The primary term of this Agreement shall be from the Effective Date until cancelled upon fortyeight (8)-eight (48) hours prior written notice prior to the gas day by either Party or by other provisions herein.
Ann,
Per Rod Hayslett, you are able to process changes to list B to accommodate instances in which Dynegy & ETS can agree on the specific assignment of an individual.
Craig Buehler and Esther DaSilva are both currently company 179 employees.  We moved both of these individuals to list C because we anticipated that one of the two might need to stay to support deal capture/contracts/data requests for TW.  Craig Buehler has subsequently indicated his plans to leave the company if he is not assigned to list B.  Dave Neubauer has requested that Craig be moved to list B and both Rick Dietz (Craig's immediate supervisor) and I are in agreement.  And, if we agree to move Craig to list B, we need to make the same accommodation for Esther DaSilva.  Dave Neubauer is in agreement with this revision as well 
Accordingly, please move Craig Buehler and Esther DaSilva from List C to List B.
FYI - we will use another contract position vacancy to cover TW deal capture/contracts/data requests if deemed necessary.
Thanks
Shelley
Don - I never heard anything back.  Is everyone ok with these clarifications?
Don,
I would like to see the following notations added to the Gas Logistics CAPEX page to fully reflect the discussion and agreement.
With respect to the specific project listed:
1.  Gas Logistics is authorized to proceed with 4 Discretionary projects, including the three gas control network/security upgrades that you have listed and also the blanket desktop replacement project ($19,000) (omitted from your listing).  No further written proposal is required by Dynegy and restated capital budget will constitute the written authorization to proceed with these projects.
With respect to Footnote 2.  I believe the description below more precisely reflects our discussion:
2.  Dynegy requested and Enron agreed that NNG will not be charged any additional amounts for the Base Contract System through June 30, 2002, UNLESS Dynegy authorizes Enron to begin work on the customization and implementation of the NNG contract system prior to June 30, 2002.   To the extent that Enron is not directed to begin work on the customization of the base contract system for NNG prior to June 30, 2002, it is understood that the implementation date of the NNG contract system will be impacted.
3.  Dynegy requested and Enron agreed that NNG will not be charged any additional amounts for the Base Rates and Revenue System through June 30, 2002  
An additional footnote should be added to the page.
4.    The 2002 Capital Budget does not currently authorize the system modifications that will be necessary to implement NNG's Order 637 filing/revised filing provisions or GISB changes.   Dynegy and Enron will need to mutually agree whether to commence work on these modifications to meet filing commitments or expected FERC requirements  
Attached for your review and information is a copy of the Restated 2002 Capital Budget (25 page report) which reflects the planned CAPEX recently agreed to between NNG/Dynegy and Enron.
Feel free to contact Mike McGowan (402.398.7110) or Don Vignaroli (402.398.7139) with questions or comments.
I'll await Mike's email.  Thanks 
Shelley, first of all, I apologize for not responding in a timely manner.  I should have responded that we were waiting to gather additional comments, if any, and make one global response.  mea culpa.
Second, I received an email from Mike Mcgowan just a few moments ago wherein he is proposing a response to your request.  By copy of this memo, you can anticipate that Mike will forward a response shortly.
Again, sorry for the inconvenience 
Ditto Happy Birthday From Me Too!  Was I the first D-In-Law to wish you Happy Birthday?
Mom,
Happy Birthday.  Was I the first?  Can't what to see you this weekend.
Think about where you want to go to dinner.
Love
Your Favorite Son..........(Not Ryan) Kim
Let's see if Sheila can attend too
Sounds good.  Is Marion comfortable with the plan?
Results of Monday meeting:
1)  Marion will continue to maintain a spreadsheet of outstanding shipper receivables for reservation, commodity and cash in/out balances.
2)  Marion will supply John K & Sally with an estimate on Friday for the upcoming week of expected cash flow based on the history of cash received (using Jerry's existing spreadsheet) and maintaining an ongoing daily cash receipts balance (at a high level).
3)  Reviewing whether the invoice due date can be moved up to follow tariff, ie, net 10 days falls on Sunday, can  invoice due date be on Friday (9th) prior to Sunday (11th).
4)  Jerry S will follow up with the SAP IT team to automate his report after reviewing report requirements with John K, Rick & myself.
5)  MS Reps will follow up with customers sending cash in to Enron office rather than lockbox or by wire.
We plan to give this a try for a month.  If problem arise, we will reconsider the decisions 
Galen/Jim,
Thanks for the info.  I have been building spreadsheet cases all day.   FYI - majority/minority isn't driven by the number of shippers, its driven by the volume.  I made the appropriate changes on Galen's spreadsheet.
A couple of further things that I need:
- I need to reconcile the net volume on Galen's sheet by month with the net cash out volumes on Jim's sheet.  There are huge differences.  Can these really all be receipt imbalances?
Galen for the months Aug 00-Jul 01 can you break out receipt imbalances from market imbalances.   We are only planning to put the majority/minority pricing on the market area imbalances.
Let me know if you guys want to sit down and talk through this.  I need to get Teb my final analysis by the end of the week. 
Thanks.  I'll keep you posted.
Hi Shelley:
Again I will be working at camp the week of VBS, so I would love to be
able to help beforehand.  If there is anything I can do, registration or
supplies, etc. please let me know.  I will not be able to make the lunch
on Sunday.--Jo Glaves
Can you please advise what is going on with the flat panels that we had planned to distribute to our gas logistics team.  It was in the budget and we had the okay, but now I'm hearing there is some hold-up & the units are stored on 44.
Shelley
Does that mean Rita will need to go through security every day?  My preference is to give her a temporary badge or activate her old Enron badge for the full week.
What I would like to do is give Rita a temp badge every day.  Do you see a problem with this?
The most ability is responsibility.  Nothing happens until someone steps forward and says, "You can count on me."
Holly Strong
Security System Coordinator
Enron Corp
Business Controls
Office 713-345-3806
Cell 713-444-7368
Holly, I work for Northern Natural Gas Company and in March we are going to be working on a rate refund for our customers.  Usually when we do this, we need the help of Rita Bianchi who was a Northern employee until February 1, 2002 when she became a Dynegy employee.  I was wondering if we could get Rita's badge (#40024) activated for the time that she will need to be down here to help with the rate refund which will be from March 18 thru March 24.  She will need access to the 42nd floor which is the floor that I work on plus the 40th floor which is the floor that our IT people work on.  Please let me know if we can get this to work since that would make it so much easier for her to come and go for the time that she will be down here with us.
Thanks for your help,
Raetta
I just listened to the presentation on the GISB final rule on intraday recalls.
The final rule requires pipelines to support intraday recalls and allow the recalling shipper to nominate at each nomination cycle, but the implementation of the rule will be in two phases:
1. By May 2002, pipelines must file tariff revisions to be effective July 2002 to permit recalls at the evening cycle or for capacity which was not being used by the replacement shipper.
2. With respect to recalls during the flowing gas day, the Commission directs NAESB (GISB) to file comments by October 2002 on how these recalls should be accommodated, with reply comments by October 15.
Commissioner Massey noted that some parties claimed the new rule would undercut reliability.  Staff responded that if a shipper is worried about partial day recallability, then they should buy capacity release packages that are not designated as partial day recallable.  The releasing shipper can decide whether to offer the space with partial day recall rights or not 
The discussion of the order seems to be in step with ETS pipeline 637 proposals to only allow intraday capacity release/recall at the timely and evening cycles at this time and say that we would need to build additional validations and need more time if required to allow recalls during the flowing gas day.  The fact that comments aren't even being filed on phase 2 until Oct.  -- I think we're safe to assume that this phase won't be implemented until 2003.
I didn't understand we were borrowing them.  I thought we already reached agreement to buy them.
Jeffri,
I recently received a Schedule K-1 form from SSB.  I sending you an overnight package with the form to add to my other tax materials.
Thanks
Shelley Corman
713-853-7083
Yes.  Of course I'm still here.  I think my NNG friends are spreading the rumor that I'm out of here!  But, I just keep busy with my day to day work and try to put of making any decisions 
Are you still here?  Haven't seen or heard from you in a couple of days.  Hope you weren't upset at me for digging you about the TV 
appearance.  Did you  meet with Deb?
Bob
I haven't visited with Stan lately.  Why do you ask?  I know he has a lot going and doesn't have the crystal ball that I and others are looking for.  I'll try to sit Down with him next week.  I'm not planning on doing anything this week.
What is an Ambassador Doll and where can I buy one?
Thanks so much for lunch yesterday!
I looked up Nancy Kline's info. She is a nurse practitioner who also has a
Ph.D. -- a real underachiever.
I'm actually working with Mark Kline on their idea for an Ambassador Doll.
We are trademarking it. 
Have a good day.
CB
FYI
Unfortunately, with her being a non-employee she will need to get a temp badge everyday.  The other option would be to have her sign in as a visitor and have an escort.  I will let the Security Kiosk know that she will be coming that week and to issue a temp badge.
Thanks
Holly Strong
Security System Coordinator
Enron Corp
Business Controls
Office 713-345-3806
Cell 713-444-7368
Does that mean Rita will need to go through security every day?  My preference is to give her a temporary badge or activate her old Enron badge for the full week.
What I would like to do is give Rita a temp badge every day.  Do you see a problem with this?
The most ability is responsibility.  Nothing happens until someone steps forward and says, "You can count on me."
Holly Strong
Security System Coordinator
Enron Corp
Business Controls
Office 713-345-3806
Cell 713-444-7368
Holly, I work for Northern Natural Gas Company and in March we are going to be working on a rate refund for our customers.  Usually when we do this, we need the help of Rita Bianchi who was a Northern employee until February 1, 2002 when she became a Dynegy employee.  I was wondering if we could get Rita's badge (#40024) activated for the time that she will need to be down here to help with the rate refund which will be from March 18 thru March 24.  She will need access to the 42nd floor which is the floor that I work on plus the 40th floor which is the floor that our IT people work on.  Please let me know if we can get this to work since that would make it so much easier for her to come and go for the time that she will be down here with us.
Thanks for your help,
Raetta
Interesting
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA
FEDERAL ENERGY REGULATORY COMMISSION
Texas Gas Transmission Corporation   				Docket No.
RP01-278-002
NOTICE OF COMPLIANCE FILING
(October 22, 2001)
Take notice that on October 17, 2001, Texas Gas Transmission Corporation
(Texas Gas) tendered for filing as part of its FERC Gas Tariff, First
Revised Volume No. 1, the  following tariff sheets to become effective
October 1, 2001:
Primary
Third Revised Sheet No. 181
Third Revised Sheet No. 182
Third Revised Sheet No. 183
Sheet No. 184 (reserved)
Second Revised Sheet No. 185
Alternate
Alternate Third Revised Sheet No. 181
Alternate Third Revised Sheet No. 182
Alternate Third Revised Sheet No. 183
Texas Gas states that this filing is being submitted in compliance with the
Commission's Order issued on September 19, 2001 in the above-referenced
docket.  As directed, the tariff sheets removed  the daily  high/low index
price for cash-out.  In response, Texas Gas proposes to establish a
cash-out price based on a weekly high/low index price determined from the
weeks within the applicable month, plus the first week of the following
month.  The primary and alternate sheets require in-kind make-up  of
imbalances up to 2% and use the same index price  for  imbalances  above
5%.
However,  the primary sheets also propose to eliminate cash-out for all
imbalances up to  5%  by also requiring a mandatory in-kind make-up level
from 2% to 5% and by eliminating any use of the 100% price index for this
tier of imbalance.
Texas Gas states that copies of  the revised  tariff sheets are being mailed
to Texas  Gas's  jurisdictional customers and interested state commissions.
Any person desiring to protest said filing should file a protest with the
Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, 888 First Street, N.E., Washington,
D.C. 20426, in accordance with Section 385.211 of the Commission's Rules and
Regulations.  All such protests must be filed in accordance with Section
154.210 of the Commission's Regulations.  Protests will be considered by the
Commission in determining the appropriate action to be taken, but will not
serve to make protestants parties to the proceedings.  Copies of this filing
are on file with the Commission and are available for public inspection.
This filing may also be viewed on the web at   using the
"RIMS" link, select "Docket#" and follow the instructions  (call
202-208-2222 for assistance).  Comments, protests and interventions may be
filed electronically via the Internet in lieu of paper.  See, 18 CFR
385.2001(a)(1)(iii) and the instructions on the Commission's web site under
the "e-Filing" link 
David P. Boergers
Secretary
No idea.  Let me know if you hear something.
Are you watching Kinder Morgan stock this morning?  Wonder what's going on.
Bob
Alina's Dr. appt is at 10 in the medical center.  We'll have to have her go first at the dentist in case the dentist appointment runs long?
I was planning pasta for dinner.  I am not going to the Bunco game until 7 PM.
Chad should be in a really good mood -- since I put the treasure map in his lunch to find his post Stanford 9 Test present (Battletops) when he gets home.
Q,
I will be ordering pizza tonight, so please don't make other arrangements.
What time is Alina's doctor appointment tomorrow?
Kim R. Erb Supervisor, Marketing Services
(713) 232-7612
kerb@houston.deepwater.com
Mike - Alina & I have decided to join Kim & Chad at the Aeros game tomorrow night, so we'll get the boys together for another event soon 
Shelley
Per our earlier process discussion 	FYI.  Thought you would be interested in this.  Lynn
fyi, Kathy will be doing a manual invoice and a journal voucher to reverse the manual invoice that we originally did - if you have any other questions, please let me know.
Thanks,
Raetta
Upon further review with Frank regarding the alternate point usage on contract 23844 for the months of November '00, December '00, January '01, February '01 and March '01, it was determined there wasn't a violation.  MidAmerican is allowed 50,000 MMBtu/day delivered to alternate delivery points in association with contract 23844.  This information was overlooked at the time and since has been evaluated.  Please make the necessary corrections so that it is reflected that MEC did not have any alternate point use charges for those months .  If you need additional documentation, please let me know.
Thanks,
Courtney
(402) 398-7130
See my follow-up email
Shelley,
Jeanne mentioned there was supposed to be some new language for the profomas for the Phase IV or Phase V filing.  Do you know anything thing about this or who I should talk to?
Linda
I approve.
Hi Shelley:
How are things going at home?  I hope ya'll are settling in a bit and things
are going smoother.
We had our trustee meeting last night and the subject of inventory came up.
I remember two or three years ago, we took an extensive inventory and that
each head of each group at the church inventoried their items.  I remember
doing the sanctuary and Steve doing the music inventory.  Do you know where
all the paperwork is?  Do you have it on your computer or does Lisa or
someone else?  If so, could you email it to me?  or give me the originals?
Jim said he didn't see it in the stuff you gave him.  He also can't find the
Trustee Master Binder; do you know where it is?
Thanks.
Syd  see you Saturday depending on how my gum surgery goes on Thursday.
Thanks for the update.
To further respond to questions about the ENA imbalance as we reported in the accounts meeting on Thursday, the Receipt Point imbalance of 9,896 was the result of measurement PPA's for Nov. 01,  Oct. 01, and Aug. 01 at Matagorda 665 and Northwest Frisco on ENA's pooling agreement k5166. 
The No Notice imbalance of 1,616 that was recorded as ENA's imbalance should have been on Pratt and Whitney's own DPOA contract, but was not because the old system and the new system needed to be synchronized.  Most of this imbalance was traded with FGU (they forgot about the 40 mmbtus of fuel) leaving only a small amount on ENA.  This situation has now been repaired so it will not be a problem prospectively.  Starting February,  the Pratt and Whitney point in on FGU's DPOA.
Galen	
Rita,
I was recently quizzing payroll on why I received two W-2s (which sum in aggregate to my 12/31/01 payroll stub) when I thought had been employed by the same co. (366) all year.  Her records indicated that you had entered a change during the year.  Could you look into why I can listed as having worked for both Enron Operations Services Co & Enron Corp. in 2001?
Shelley Corman
x37083
Don,
I would like to see the following notations added to the Gas Logistics CAPEX page to fully reflect the discussion and agreement.
With respect to the specific project listed:
1.  Gas Logistics is authorized to proceed with 4 Discretionary projects, including the three gas control network/security upgrades that you have listed and also the blanket desktop replacement project ($19,000) (omitted from your listing).  No further written proposal is required by Dynegy and restated capital budget will constitute the written authorization to proceed with these projects.
With respect to Footnote 2.  I believe the description below more precisely reflects our discussion:
2.  Dynegy requested and Enron agreed that NNG will not be charged any additional amounts for the Base Contract System through June 30, 2002, UNLESS Dynegy authorizes Enron to begin work on the customization and implementation of the NNG contract system prior to June 30, 2002.   To the extent that Enron is not directed to begin work on the customization of the base contract system for NNG prior to June 30, 2002, it is understood that the implementation date of the NNG contract system will be impacted.
3.  Dynegy requested and Enron agreed that NNG will not be charged any additional amounts for the Base Rates and Revenue System through June 30, 2002  
An additional footnote should be added to the page.
4.    The 2002 Capital Budget does not currently authorize the system modifications that will be necessary to implement NNG's Order 637 filing/revised filing provisions or GISB changes.   Dynegy and Enron will need to mutually agree whether to commence work on these modifications to meet filing commitments or expected FERC requirements  
Attached for your review and information is a copy of the Restated 2002 Capital Budget (25 page report) which reflects the planned CAPEX recently agreed to between NNG/Dynegy and Enron.
Feel free to contact Mike McGowan (402.398.7110) or Don Vignaroli (402.398.7139) with questions or comments.
ANNOUNCING 1K PER DAY!
Take advantage of this incredible bonus Starpoint(SM) earning
opportunity. 
Register for 1K Per Day and you'll earn 1,000 bonus Starpoints
every night you stay Sunday through Thursday. Register today at:
These bonus Starpoints are in addition to the Starpoints you 
would normally earn as a member.  This incredible offer is 
available at more than 400 hotels in the continental U.S. 
now through January 31, 2002.
1K Per Day bonus is available at all participating Westin 
Hotels & Resorts(R), Sheraton Hotels & Resorts(R), St. Regis(R The Luxury Collection(R) and W hotels(R).  At participating 
Four Points(R) by Sheraton hotels, you will earn 500 bonus 
Starpoints.
START EARNING 1,000 BONUS STARPOINTS EVERY NIGHT!
REGISTER ONLINE FOR 1K PER DAY AT  
________________________________________________________________
Terms and Conditions
To receive the benefits of this promotion you must be a 
member of Starwood Preferred Guest and register online at
for the 1K Per Day promotion. 
New Starwood Preferred Guests must join online at 
and in doing so will be automatically 
registered. 1,000 Starpoint bonuses apply on a per night basis 
for eligible stays Sunday-Thursday nights and will be awarded 
on Starwood Preferred Guest eligible rate plans only. An 
eligible stay is defined as a stay at a Starpoint eligible rate.
Friday and Saturday nights are not eligible. Offer is valid 
October 18, 2001 through January 31, 2002 at all participating 
hotels in North America. 1,000 Starpoint bonus applies at all 
participating hotels, excluding participating Four Points by 
Sheraton Hotels, where a 500 Starpoint bonus per night will 
apply. This promotion may be used in combination with other
Starwood Preferred Guest bonus offers, provided that only one 
1K Per Day bonus is awarded per member per night. All bonuses
will be credited to the member's account 2-3 weeks after 
completion of stay. Additional restrictions may apply. Void 
where prohibited by law. All promotions are subject to the 
Starwood Preferred Guest terms and conditions, which are subject
to change without notice. Starwood Hotels & Resorts is not
responsible for typographical errors. For a complete list of
non-participating hotels please visit
________________________________________________________________
If you would like to receive future promotional e-mails in HTML
format when available, click the link below:
You are subscribed as: scorman@
If you would like your e-mail to be sent to a different address,
please click the link below:
Click the link below to review the Starwood Preferred Guest
privacy statement:
Click the link below to review the Starwood Preferred Guest
program terms and conditions:
You have received this e-mail as a member of Starwood Preferred
Guest. If you prefer not to receive future promotional e-mails
from Starwood Preferred Guest, please click below. It may take
up to 10 business days to completely remove you from our e-mail
list and there is a slight chance that you may receive e-mail
from us within that time.
Mike,
I've never received any feedback on my notes.  Can you give me some direction on whether my assumptions are correct? 
Don,
I would like to see the following notations added to the Gas Logistics CAPEX page to fully reflect the discussion and agreement.
With respect to the specific project listed:
1.  Gas Logistics is authorized to proceed with 4 Discretionary projects, including the three gas control network/security upgrades that you have listed and also the blanket desktop replacement project ($19,000) (omitted from your listing).  No further written proposal is required by Dynegy and restated capital budget will constitute the written authorization to proceed with these projects.
With respect to Footnote 2.  I believe the description below more precisely reflects our discussion:
2.  Dynegy requested and Enron agreed that NNG will not be charged any additional amounts for the Base Contract System through June 30, 2002, UNLESS Dynegy authorizes Enron to begin work on the customization and implementation of the NNG contract system prior to June 30, 2002.   To the extent that Enron is not directed to begin work on the customization of the base contract system for NNG prior to June 30, 2002, it is understood that the implementation date of the NNG contract system will be impacted.
3.  Dynegy requested and Enron agreed that NNG will not be charged any additional amounts for the Base Rates and Revenue System through June 30, 2002  
An additional footnote should be added to the page.
4.    The 2002 Capital Budget does not currently authorize the system modifications that will be necessary to implement NNG's Order 637 filing/revised filing provisions or GISB changes.   Dynegy and Enron will need to mutually agree whether to commence work on these modifications to meet filing commitments or expected FERC requirements  
Attached for your review and information is a copy of the Restated 2002 Capital Budget (25 page report) which reflects the planned CAPEX recently agreed to between NNG/Dynegy and Enron.
Feel free to contact Mike McGowan (402.398.7110) or Don Vignaroli (402.398.7139) with questions or comments.
Thanks for talking to Ange.  I'll give her a call tonight.
My preference is for me to take 3/17; you to take 3/24 (I'll have company); and no children's church on Easter.  Let me know what you think.
Shelley
Hi Shelley:
I talked to Ange yesterday, and she and Bobbie can lead C/C this Sunday 3/10. 
She stopped by my house today and picked up all the materials.  Sorry to not 
have told you earlier of my plans for this weekend.  It's all worked out, 
thankfully.
Let me know what you want to do the rest of the Sundays in March.  I'm 
available for any of the remaining Sundays in March, including Easter.  I 
know I owe you one, so let me know what you would like for me to do.
Thanks for a wonderful luncheon yesterday.  I think things are off to a good 
start with VBS!
Barbara
I've lost track of the email replies -- please just let me know the final time.
The NAESB Board of Directors meeting is scheduled for Thursday, March 7 at AGA's offices in Washington, D.C.
The pipeline segment pre-Board conference call is TENTATIVELY scheduled for Tuesday, March 5, 2:00 - 3:00 p.m. Central Time.  Please let me know whether you are available at this time.  If not, please suggest alternate times.  I'll set up the call and forward the agenda and conference calling information as soon as possible.
Also, please let me know whether you plan to attend the NAESB Board meeting and, if so, whether you will attend in person or via conference call.  I'll forward this information to the pipeline segment Board and EC members.
I apologize for the late notice.
Thanks,
Theresa
I approve of the below-noted access.
Shelley Corman
Vice President, ETS Gas Logistics
You have been granted full access to the requested directory path.
Changes will take effect after reboot.
Thanks!
Lupita Cantu
ETS Information Risk Management
713-853-3876
To ETS IRM:  Please set me up with the ability to open, modify, and save files in the following directory:  common on 'gthou-dv01' (P:), then Mkt_proc folder Shelley, please forward with your approval to allow me access to these ETS procedures files.
No change.  We are to retain all documents.
Shelley,  has there been any change to the document retention policy?  I had planned to throw away a good deal of my old files with this next move, given the space allowance out on the floor.  If we can't pitch the old documents, I will probably have to send them to the records center.  Sn
I'm okay with providing your attached sheet to Jane
Shelly,
I have not responded to  Jane's email.  I created the attached spreadsheet which has a summary of the Contracts and Rates & Revenue Project.  Please review the attached and let me know if we need to discuss.  How would you like for me to handle a response to Jane's email?  Thanks.
Lisa - we got the revised 2002 capital budget & I'm looking at both your spreadsheet and the budget.  A couple of questions for my clarification:
Could you fill in the blanks or correct:
CMS/CRS 
Total Cost for NNG - $_____?____ 
Paid in 2001             $406 K 
Budgeted for 2002    $130 K Balance (if any) $___?___ Remaining customization for NNG is $693K less $300K for Deal Sheet = $393K customization for CMS/CRS (correct?)
CMS/CRS   $100K for Interface to TRS/TAS - Is this considered a separate project from above and if so, is this included anywhere in 2002 Budget?
CAS 
Total Cost $154K, correct Budget for 2002 $54K; is remaining $100K in 2003 or already paid for in 2002 What department is this budgeted in (Operations?)
R&R      2002 Plan = $548,481 (of which Deal Sheet is $300 K) 
Is this total cost or was some paid in 2001 or projected for 2003 
R&R 2002 Cap Budget shows $548K less $252K paid in Jan. = 296K 
Cap Budget also shows 130K for CMS 
= $426K budgeted in Gas Logistics for CMS & R&R How does that link to the $463K Total Required shown on your worksheet (esp. Interface to TRS/TAS)?
Thanks! Jane
Great.  Just wanted to make sure I was on the right wave length -- as Jane Joyce has asked the IT folks for more detail on the contracts and revenue projects and I didn't want to lead the IT folks astray with my understanding of our meeting if it was incorrect.
Shelley - I was waiting to see if other comments would be submitted.  I will respond today or tomorrow.  Although it should be a basic reponse that your comments are correct. 
Hope all is well.
Mike
Tuesday
March 5, 2002	 iOTC     < 	 RIGZONE    < 	home <  | news <  | search <  | maps <  | data <  | jobs <  | market <  | store     < 	In This Issue  
Current Oil and Gas Industry News 
T! op Stories for the Past 7 Days 
Featured Events and Conferences 
What's in Store - Books & More
Featured Employment Opportunities 
Surplus Oilfield Equipment For Sale 
Worldwide Offshore Rig Utilization 
Oil & Gas Prices
Industry Headlines  PDVSA Workers Continue Protests PDVSA workers continued protests over the appointment of the new board of directors of the Venezuela's oil company. 
TotalFina Elf Shuts In Wells Due to Gas Blowout TotalFinaElf has begun efforts to stop the flow of natural gas and regain control of a well which erupted Friday afternoon during drilling operations in East Kalimant! an. 
Mobile MapWorks Plus 
Logica announces the release of its map-based field solutions offering, Mobile MapWorks Plus. This map-based field solution suite provides an innovative approach to mobile computing that addresses the many field requirements of energy and utility companies. For more information click here 
Exploration  Bligh Spuds Well Offshore China Bligh Oil & Minerals ! reports that the Wei 6-12-1 well spudded on March 1, 2002 by the CNOOC Services Ltd. jackup, Nanhai IV. 
OMV Begins Exploration in Pakistan OMV will begin exploration of a new gas field in Pakistan in the next few weeks. 
Production  FMC Awarded $16 Million Brazilian Subsea Contract FMC Energy Systems business has been awarded contracts valued at $16 million to supply subsea production solutions for Petrobras and Halliburton KBR offshore Brazil. 
ATP Announces Record Breaking Proved Reserves ATP Oil & Gas Corporation announced 235 billion cubic feet equivalent (Bcfe) as its total estimated proved oil and gas reserves as of December 31,! 2001. 
Halliburton Performs First Downhole Well Testing Using ATS Halliburton Energy Services has performed its first data acquisition project using the Acoustic Telemetry System (ATS(TM)) for Gaz de France, off the coast of the Netherlands. 
Company & Financial News  Weatherford and Shell Accelerate Expandable Technology Development Weatherford's Completion Systems division has obtained a worldwide license to Shell's expandable technology. 
Reliance Industries Merger Creates India's Largest Integrated Oil Company Reliance Industries has approved a merger with Reliance Petroleum to create the country's first fully integrated oil and pet! rochemicals major. 
Greka To Restructure and Sell E&P Assets Greka Energy Corporation announced that it is restructuring its business to focus on the Company's integration of its Central California operations. 
ExxonMobil's Hoover Diana Project to be Honored at OTC 2002 ExxonMobil's Hoover Diana project has received the prestigious Distinguished Achievement Award for Companies, Organizations and Institutions from the Offshore Technology Conference. 
PetroQuest Sells Valentine Field PetroQuest Energy, Inc. has sold its interest in Valentine Field to an undisclosed purchaser for $18.6 million. 
Resume of Marc Babineaux 
Mr. Marc Babineaux is available for assignment as a full-time, permanent employee or on a contract basis. Mr. Babineaux is a deepwater driling consultant with 20 years experience. He has most recently worked in the Gulf of Mexico on exploration projects in 3,500 to 7,700 feet of water. Click here <  to view a complete copy of his resume or call 1-337-367-1100 to arrange for an interview. 
Last 7 Days Top Stories  Senior Management Positions Announced by ConocoPhillips Phillips Petroleum Company and Conoco have named the initial members of the ConocoP! hillips global management team that will take office after the completion of their proposed merger of equals. 
Enterprise Oil scraps Llano Floating Production Unit Plan EEX Corp's floating production unit being considered to develop the Gulf of Mexico Garden Banks Llano field has been scrapped. 
Helmerich/Payne Announces Spin Off Helmerich & Payne Inc.will spin off its oil and gas production operations into a separate company named Cimarex Energy Co. 
Schlumberger Makes Management Changes Schlumberger Oilfield Services has appointed Andrew Gould to the post of President and COO. 
K2 Energy Corp. Announced Major Shallow Gas Pools to be Developed K2 Energy Corp. announced reverse! circulation drilling technology yielded gas flows 57% to 100% higher than rotary air drilled wells. 
Shallow-Water Malaysia Development Announced by Murphy Oil Murphy Oil Corporation is pleased to announce it has completed a three well exploration and appraisal drilling program offshore Sarawak, Malaysia. 
Shortfall Has Egypt Seeking To Delay Paying Foreign Gas Producers Egypt, facing a $2.5 billion current account shortfall since September 11, wants to delay payments to foreign companies producing gas for local consumption. 
Akom Oil Discovery Offshore Equatorial Guinea reported by Amerada Hess Amerada Hess Corporation reported another oil discovery offshore Equatorial Guinea on Block G in the Rio Muni Basin. 
Hornbeck-Leevac Reports 2001 Results Hornbeck-Leevac Marine Services, Inc. announced that revenues for the quarter ended December 31, 2001 increased 117.0 percent to $21.7 million compared to $10.0 million for the same quarter in 2000. 
Canadian Natural Resources West Africa Test Well Comes In Canadian Natural Resources Limited announces that its wholly owned subsidiary in Cote d'Ivoire, has successfully appraised the Baobab oil discovery in deepwater offshore block CI-40. 
Tidewater Takes Delivery of Supply Vessels Tidewater has taken delivery of two supply vessels. Both vessels entered the fleet with contracts in hand. 
Nabors Industries Buys Enserco Energy Service Co Nabors Industries Inc. announced it will buy Enserco Energy Service Co. for more than $252 million. 
Upcoming Oil & Gas Industry Events  Mar. 10 	AAPG Annual Meeting < 	 Houston	
Mar. 17 	Oil Field Chemistry Symposium - 13th International < 	 Geilo	
Mar. 20 	LNG North America < 	 Houston	
Apr. 2 	e-Business in the E&P Industry - Targeting the Value < 	 Houston	
Apr. 7 	CORROSION/2002 < 	 Denver	
Apr. 9 	2002 SPE/ICoTA Coiled Tubing Conference and Exhibition < 	 Houston	
May. 1 	Nigeria Oil & Gas 2002!  < 	London	
May. 6 	Offshore Technology Conference 2002 < 	 Houston	
May. 21 	Oil and Gas in the Gulf of Guinea < 	 London	
Jun. 23 	Ocean Mechanics and Arctic Engineering 2002 < 	 Oslo	
list your conference < 	 view upcoming events  
< 	Click here to go to Baker Hughes INTEC HoverDril Ocean International   promote your company 
Contact Directory 2001 on CD   World Deepwater Atlas   Anchor Handling Tugs and Supply Vessels of the World, 8th Ed    more products 
< 	featured equipment Dreco 1000 UE Land Rigs  	
Skytop Brewster Workover Rig    more equipment 
< 	featured jobs -	 Mud Logging Geologist -	 FPSO Operations Superintendent -	 Offshore Compressor Mechanic more hot jobs featured candidates -	 BEng, CEng, MSc Project Management -	 Well Testing / Underbalanced Drilling Supervisor -	 Drilling Consultant search for candidates   
< 	Drillships:	
To ! 5000': 	57.1%	 (8/14)	
+5000': 	96.0%	 (24/25)	
Semisubs:	
2nd Gen: 	70.8%	 (51/72)	
3rd Gen: 	82.0%	 (41/50)	
4th Gen: 	97.4%	 (37/38)	
5th Gen: 	85.7%	 (6/7)	
Jackups:	
To 200': 	55.2%	 (37/67)	
200' MC: 	41.7%	 (10/24)	
200' MS: 	14.3%	 (3/21)	
300' IC: 90.6%	 (87/96)	
+300' IC: 	94.4%	 (51/54)	
Severe Env.: 	85.7%	 (18/21)	
view complete utilization report 
< 	Light Crude Oil: 	$22.60/BBL 
(0.89 Brent Crude Oil: 	$21.93/BBL 
(0.18 Natural Gas: 	$2.49/MMBtu 
(5.96 Unleaded Gasoline: 	$0.71/gal 
(1.43 prices from: 	3/4/2002	
change since: 	3/1/2002	
Promotional Opportunities
Become a Sponsor, feature your job opening or, advertise your upcoming industry conference. Click here  
Member Services
If you no longer wish to receive this newsletter, you may unsubscribe by clicking here <  or by logging in to Rigzone and updating your profile. You can also change the format you receive (HTML or Text) and your email address by logging in and updating your account. Click here to log in 
You are going to be so very mad at me, but I have lost my ATM card.  Can you cancel my card.  I think this proves that I am no allowed to have an ATM card in the future.  Call me.
Q,
I saw you called what do you need?  I'm in a class and can call at break if
you need to talk, otherwise email me.
Kim
It's been canceled.  There were no unauthorized withdrawals.  It very well may be in the pocket of one of my blazers at home, but I didn't want to take any chances.  It's inactivated & I'll have to go to the local branch if I want a new ATM card with non-debit features.  The automated service only offers replacement cards with debit features.
Q,
We may end early today (about 1:00 or 2:00).  I can address it then.  When
did you lose it?  Thank God it is not a Debit Card.
Kim
Fantastic.  Is Sheila planning to attend?  If so then, there are already 8 tickets committed.  If any of these cancel, I have a back-up list.
I will take 2 seats.  Please give me the invites for those two.  I'll take care of their transport.  They will not need Enron transport.
The following are names that Lynn wanted invited to the Nutcraker:
Dawnell Pace  	NorthWest Pipeline
Janette Aggeguin PNM Gas Services
Julia Clevenger  	US Gas Transportation
Pat Davidson   	Southern CA GAs Corp.
Penny Barry	BP Energy
Stephanie Miller	ENA
Thanks,
Ava
Still working...for today anyway. We spent a cold weekend in Conroe TX.  Alina was well-behaved all weekend 
Can you do lunch this week?  Perhaps tomorrow?
Just checking to see if this e-mail is working. I hope you had a nice
weekend!
Okay with me
Shelley,
Please see the note below.  I recommend taking all the company numbers back to the original plan and any reduction that occurs during the year be viewed as a current estimate.  What are your thoughts?
Donna 
Donna,
In a Dynegy meeting this afternoon, we were instructed to change the Gas Logistics Dynegy Plan -- which we had submitted at $6.363M back to the Original Plan of $6.864M.  They viewed the reduction as more of a Current Estimate, so from this point, we will use the $6.864M as the official plan number for future comparisons.  (At least for Dynegy purposes.)
I will resubmit the plan to Steve Kleb this afternoon.   Please inform Shelley about this latest development.
Thanks,
Nancy
Caroline,
I'll have to do this by phone with you.  Chad is sick.  Kim stayed home this AM, but I'm planning to work from home this afternoon.
Mr. Chad is sick today with a 102 fever.  Kim stayed home this AM, but I have to relieve him and work from home this PM...so I need to reschedule lunch.  I really need to talk to you though.  Could you go for coffee or a quick dinner this evening on your way home assuming John is headed to Kingwood?
We'll have a brief meeting at nine
Are you listening to the commission hearings today?  Need to know if you want to start your staff meeting @ 9:00 or 10:00.
Thank you, Ricki
Unfortunately I didn't write down the name of the person in payroll that returned my call to the main payroll number.   Whoever it was logged into their system and said that the record showed you making the co. change.  Could you give payroll a call?
Shelley,
I have checked the system and find that the only changes made to your record during 2001 are as follows:
1/1/2001 - 4/15/2001 - VP Reg & Gov. Affairs - Co. 0366
4/15/2001 - 12/16/2001 - Title change to VP Gas Logistics - no company change
12/17/2001 - 12/31/2001 - FMLA Leave - no company change
1/1/2002 - to present company change to 179E.
I have nothing indicating a company change for 2001 
Let me know who in payroll you spoke with and maybe I can work with them to determine their conclusion.
Rita
Shelly,
As soon as SAP is back up, I will look to see what the changes made to your record were.   I'm thinking your Tax company is Corp and that perhaps you are listed as deferred comp.  That's just off the top of my head.  Again, once the system is operating again, I will check into this.
Rita
Rita,
I was recently quizzing payroll on why I received two W-2s (which sum in aggregate to my 12/31/01 payroll stub) when I thought had been employed by the same co. (366) all year.  Her records indicated that you had entered a change during the year.  Could you look into why I can listed as having worked for both Enron Operations Services Co & Enron Corp. in 2001?
Shelley Corman
x37083
Steve/Karen,
I need for Mike to carry a Blackberry.  Please advise on how to make this happy for Mike.
Shelley Corman
VP Gas Logistics 
If you would like me to have one -- i would prefer not to have to ask Steve Hotte and Rod H for approval.
Dannis and Mike,
Due to Financial constraints in November and December, all orders were cancelled.  Therefore to reorder, I would need for you to send me an email with your SAP Coding, Business Purpose and Manager Approval.
I then take that information and have to get IT Director approval, VP approval, CIO approval and CFO approval - This is still in force and to replace your order, please send me the email.
Thanks, Karon
FYI
Shelley - The final version is about 3/4s of an inch thick and there is only possibly a single paper version.   A copy was made this morning by George Kneisley in Roswell who headed up our sub-committee.  He is sending it overnight to Ricki Winters to give to you.   This is a much better document than the electronic copy I sent you earlier.   It was put together for Phil Lowery.
Tks - Mike W.
Shelley,  here is a copy of the UAF sub-committee findings and recommendations.   This is the committee I was on for a year.    I really believe this is a good document with a lot of valuable data but it is very large.   MIPS was the GMS system when this was written so many of the reports were MIPs generated.     They are working on reports for PGAS using "Business Objects" and Jodie and I will be receiving some one on one training tomorrow afternoon. 
Tks - Mike W.
Mike, all I have in electronic format is the UAF portion of the report. I couldn't find anything on PPA's.
Baker
Shelley,  here is a copy of the UAF sub-committee findings and recommendations.   This is the committee I was on for a year.    I really believe this is a good document with a lot of valuable data but it is very large.   MIPS was the GMS system when this was written so many of the reports were MIPs generated.     They are working on reports for PGAS using "Business Objects" and Jodie and I will be receiving some one on one training tomorrow afternoon. 
Tks - Mike W.
Mike, all I have in electronic format is the UAF portion of the report. I couldn't find anything on PPA's.
Baker
Sorry - but it looks like you'll soon be saddled with a Blackberry
We'll take care of all of the approvals and will make this request happen.
Karon will get with Mike on the correct cost center information.
Steve/Karen,
I need for Mike to carry a Blackberry.  Please advise on how to make this happen for Mike.
Shelley Corman
VP Gas Logistics 
If you would like me to have one -- i would prefer not to have to ask Steve Hotte and Rod H for approval.
Dannis and Mike,
Due to Financial constraints in November and December, all orders were cancelled.  Therefore to reorder, I would need for you to send me an email with your SAP Coding, Business Purpose and Manager Approval.
I then take that information and have to get IT Director approval, VP approval, CIO approval and CFO approval - This is still in force and to replace your order, please send me the email.
Thanks, Karon
I'm thinking that we may miss church altogether on Sunday.  We may spend the night at my inlaws in Conroe.  They have been bugging us to visit and I don't see another date on the calendar that will work.  Nov 3 for example, there is no children's church, but I am open/close trustee.  Don't worry about the CD player -- it's no problem.  I don't mind exchanging it until we get a CD player and duplicate copies of music (which I'm working on).
We received our INS approval to adopt Alina, but with court date delays etc., it looks like our most likely travel time is late November or early December.  When I get a little better info.  I will make Children's Church plans.  If it turns out that I'm gone several weeks in December, then perhaps we can talk Patty into letting the kids sit in regular church during Advent.  It is always such a fun time for them to be in church & they recognize so many of the songs.  If I'm only going to be gone in late Dec & first week of Dec, then we can probably continue with Children's church as planned.  I'm really just guessing now -- since this international adoption stuff changes by the minute.
Of course, that will be OK.  I'll need to find another helper so we have 3.  Will Kim be there?  If not, maybe I can enlist my husband. 
Will you be at 8:30 service?  If so I can get the CD from you then.  I really need to buy a CD player - maybe I can do that by Saturday so we don't have to pass yours back and forth.  I'll let you know if I'm successful. 
Thanks for the attendance numbers - I'll call Jackie tomorrow. 
Barbara 
Mr. Chad is still sick today, but he much appreciated the bear.
I'll have my cell phone with me too.  We will be back on Fri. Mar 15.
Please look at your calendar to see if one of the following dates would suit for our shopping excursion:  April 4 or 5, 10, or 11.
FYI - Alina had her first MMR vaccination back in Jan and will have her followup in early April.  She purportedly already had all her MMR vaccinations in the orphanage but I am repeating just to be certain.
I've got an attic full of stuff for you and many, many Saturday's full of wisdom (and humility 
I sure enjoyed dinner last night -- ice tea and all. For what it is worth, I
believe you made the right choice, recognizing it was not an easy one. Your
judgment is sound and you should believe in it. I hope you are feeling more
confident in your choice now.
Thanks for your words of wisdom to me. I am admittedly a bit scared -- since
I cannot control this situation very much. 
Just how did we get to be so Type A?
Have a wonderful trip. I will have my cell phone with me if you need to
reach me -- 713-557-8667. Also, the contact information for our condo in
Jackson Hole is Jackson Hole Racquet Club at the Aspens, 307-739-9050 (main
reservations number).
Take care, C
Thanks I found this too 
According to the Certificate changes, which are filed with the state of Delaware, Article VII, Section 1 was deleted in its entirety and replaced.  The replacement language is consistent with the latest copy that I gave you earlier today.
In this same filing, a change was made to Article V, Section 6.  It states that the determination of how to fund a budget deficit will be made via a super majority vote of the Board.  The language is:
Section 6. A vote of at least seventy-five percent (75%) from the Board, including an
affirmative vote of at least forty percent (40%) from the Directors representing each Segment
within each Quadrant, shall be required to determine how to fund a budget deficit or to
establish or modify a promotional dues program.
The filing is dated August 3, 1998.
Jim
I would be happy to do my usual Spring bedding flower planting, but I will be out of town on our Spring break trip on Sat.  Mar 9.  Please advise on whether you/the trustees would like me to add some new bedding plants around the trees, memorial and church entrance the following weekend on Mar 15  
Reminder Saturday, March 9, 2002    8:00 a.m. - 12:00 p.m.
All-Church Work Day
Come and help beautify the church for Easter.
I am looking to schedule a Vacation Bible School Training Meeting.  I am wondering whether there are any conflicts on the church calendar if I schedule this meeting for May 5, 12-2?
Shelley Corman
713-853-7083
I'm back.  I was gone all of two minutes.  I needed a bathroom break.  I figured out that the straw was simply the 2 or 3 issue and so I didn't bother to chime in when I returned.
Ricki may tell you that the Board was voting while you were out of the room.  IT WAS ONLY A STRAW COUNT for support of three voting members at a promotional rate.  It was not a real vote and we've moved on.  Boswell is taking the issues one at a time to determine support each -- an attempt to move us forward.
TH
Sorry but I'm hostage in. Meeting in 39c1.  I'll catch up wti you tomorrow.
Chris,
I was about to send off the info from the prior email when I received your latest update.  However, I'm confused by the update.  The form seems to be the same, except it is intended to be sent to the Republic of Kazakhstan in New York.  Is that really where we are sending our registration information?  What about the autobiography.  What is that, What is required 
I understand the urgency in registering and am prepared to do what it takes to accomplish this today.  But, frankly this whole process was a surprise to me.  Does your agency have an written materials on follow-up requirements/processes in general.  I'm sort of at a loss on the whole issue of what comes next.  When to apply for SS#.  What about readoption.  Passport, Certificate of Citizenship, etc.  I was surprised when a resident alien card arrived.
I need to take care of the registration issue today, as we will be on vacation starting tomorrow for a week 
Shelley Corman
713-853-7083
Dear Families,
Rod Archer gave me a better place for you to download the Registration form 
for the Embassy. When you get to the page go to #4 and you can download the 
Form so that it is easy to read and print.Thanks again.
Chris
_________________________________________________________________
Chat with friends online, try MSN Messenger 
Friday
March 8, 2002     < 	 RIGZONE    < 	home <  | news <  | search <  | maps <  | data <  | jobs <  | market <  | store     < 	In This Issue  
Current Oil and Gas Industry News 
T! op Stories for the Past 7 Days 
Featured Events and Conferences 
What's in Store - Books & More
Featured Employment Opportunities 
Surplus Oilfield Equipment For Sale 
Worldwide Offshore Rig Utilization 
Oil & Gas Prices
Industry Headlines  Snow White Receives Approval Norway's parliament approved the project to develop the Snow White natural gas field in the Barents Sea. 
PDVSA Employees Increase Protests Dissident employees of PDVSA decided to intensify their campaign in protest of recnet senior management changes. 
Mobile MapWorks Plus 
Logica announces the release of its map-based field solutions offering, Mobile MapWorks Plus. This map-based field solution suite provides an innovative approach to mobile computing that addresses the many field requirements of energy and utility companies. For more information click here 
Exploration  Talisman Hits Offshore Trinidad Talisman Energy Inc. has announced its Kairi-2 appraisal well in Trinidad has tested oil. 
Parker Drilling Awarded Sakhalin Drilling Project Parker Drilling Company has been awarded new contracts to build and operate a rig to drill extended reach wells to offshore targets from a land-based location on Sakhalin Island, Russia. 
Production  DONG To Bring Two Fields Onstream in 2003 Two new oil fields in the Danish part of the North Sea, Nini and Cecilie, are expected to go on stream in the summer of 2003. 
Statoil Wins NPD Award The Norne license and Statoil specialist, Egil Sunde, have jointly won the Norwegian Petroleum Directorate's improved oil recovery (IOR) prize. 
Norway Debates Over Snow White Field Deve! lopment Norway's parliament is debating over a plan to develop its first natural gas field in the Barents Sea. 
Company & Financial News  Keppel FELS Receives Kudos From Diamond Offshore Keppel FELS reports that work went so well on the Ocean Baroness upgrade that it earned not only a cash bonus but also another contract from Diamond for similar work on the Ocean Rover. 
Weatherford Achieves Milestone Weatherford's Completion Systems division has successfully deployed its first Expandable Liner Hanger in YPF Maxus' Cinta E-11 well offshore Indonesia. 
SA Five Engineering Wins Upgrade Contract Bluewater Energy Services B.V. ha! s awarded a contract to SA Five Engineering for the upgrade of the FPSO Glas Dowr. 
Resume of Marc Babineaux 
Mr. Marc Babineaux is available for assignment as a full-time, permanent employee or on a contract basis. Mr. Babineaux is a deepwater driling consultant with 20 years experience. He has most recently worked in the Gulf of Mexico on exploration projects in 3,500 to 7,700 feet of water. Click here <  to view a complete copy of his resume or call 1-337-367-1100 to arrange for an interview. 
Last 7 Days Top Stories  Halliburton Performs First Downhole Well Testing Using ATS Halliburton Energy Services has performed its first data acquisition project using the Acoustic Telemetry System (ATS(TM)) for Gaz de France, off the coast of the Netherlands. 
Schlumberger Makes Management Changes Schlumberger Oilfield Services has appointed Andrew Gould to the post of President and COO. 
Weatherford and Shell Accelerate Expandable Technology Development Weatherford's Completion Systems division has obtained a worldwide license to Shell's expandable technology. 
TotalFina Elf Shuts In Wells Due to Gas Blowout TotalFinaElf has begun efforts to stop the flow of natural gas! and regain control of a well which erupted Friday afternoon during drilling operations in East Kalimantan. 
Tidewater Takes Delivery of Supply Vessels Tidewater has taken delivery of two supply vessels. Both vessels entered the fleet with contracts in hand. 
Hornbeck-Leevac Reports 2001 Results Hornbeck-Leevac Marine Services, Inc. announced that revenues for the quarter ended December 31, 2001 increased 117.0 percent to $21.7 million compared to $10.0 million for the same quarter in 2000. 
Marathon To Develop UK Pipeline Marathon Oil Company announced plans to lead an initiative for a new North Sea natural gas pipeline designed to provide additional gas for the UK market. 
Dril-Quip Sees! 24% Increase in Results for 2001 Net income for the twelve months ended December 31, 2001 was $12.2 million, up from $11.0 million for the same period in 2000. 
PanCandian Files Deep Panuke Regulatory Applications PanCanadian Energy filed regulatory applications for development of the Deep Panuke natural gas project offshore Nova Scotia. 
ExxonMobil Exits Turkmenistan ExxonMobil Corp. will shut down its operations in Turkmenistan after disappointing test wells. 
Technip Wins Saudi Expansion Project Technip-Coflexip has been awarded, by Saudi Arabian Oil Company, a major lump sum turnkey contract for the expansion of the Berri gas plant. 
AJ Lucas Wins Major Directional Drilling W! ork AJ Lucas has successfully secured the contract to directionally drill under 12 rivers in the northern section of Tasmania for the Duke Energy Pipeline. 
The SGI Energy Summit 2002 - Visualizing the Future
<  Hear what leaders of top corporations, crucial software providers, and key policy makers have to say about the impact of advanced technology on the future of our industry. This summit promises to fish for all the critical answers to this industry's future success. To learn more, click here 
Upcoming Oil & Gas Industry Events  Mar. 10 	AAPG Annual Meeting < 	 Houston	
Mar. 17 	Oil Field Chemistry Symposium - 13th International < 	 Geilo	
Mar. 20 	LNG North America < 	 Houston	
Apr. 2 	e-Business in the E&P Industry - Targeting the Value <  Houston	
Apr. 7 	CORROSION/2002 < 	 Denver	
Apr. 9 	2002 SPE/ICoTA Coiled Tubing Conference and Exhibition < 	 Houston	
May. 1 	Nigeria Oil & Gas 2002 < 	 London	
May. 6 	Offshore Technology Conference 2002 < 	 Houston	
May. 21 	Oil and Gas in the Gulf of Guinea < 	 London	
Jun. 23 	Ocean Mechanics and Arctic Engineering 2002 < 	 Oslo	
list your co! nference < 	 view upcoming events  
< 	Click here to go to Baker Hughes INTEC HoverDril   promote your company 
Petroleum Industry Fundamentals Chart   Handbook of Oil Industry Terms & Phrases, 5th Edition   D & D Standard Oil Abbreviator, 4th Edition    more products 
< 	featured equipment:	
Ambar Marine 26' Fast Rescue Boats  	
Gardner Denver 2100 E Drawworks    more equipment 
< 	featured jobs -	 Recruiter -	 Senior Electrical Technician -	 Senior Welding Supervisior more hot jobs featured candidates -	 Wellsite Supervisor -	 Network Administrator -	 Environmental Management search for candidates   
< 	Drillships:	
To 5000': 	57.1%	 (8/14)	
+5000': 	96.0%	 (24/25)	
Semisubs:	
2nd Gen: 	70.8%	 (51/72)	
3rd Gen: 	82.0%	 (41/50)	
4th Gen: 	94.7%	 (36/38)	
5th Gen: 	85.7%	 (! 6/7)	
Jackups:	
To 200': 	56.1%	 (37/66)	
200' MC: 	41.7%	 (10/24)	
200' MS: 	14.3%	 (3/21)	
300' IC: 	89.6%	 (86/96)	
+300' IC: 	94.4%	 (51/54)	
Severe Env.: 	85.7%	 (18/21)	
view complete utilization report 
< 	Light Crude Oil: 	$23.73/BBL 
(1.41 Brent Crude Oil: 	$23.30/BBL 
(2.55 Natural Gas: 	$2.80/MMBtu 
(7.69 Unleaded Gasoline: 	$0.76/gal 
(1.33 prices from: 	3/7/2002	
change since: 	3/6/2002	
Promotional Opportunities
Become a Sponsor, feature your job opening or, advertise your upcoming industry conference. Click here  
Member Services
If you no longer wish to receive this newsletter, you may unsubscribe by clicking here <  or by logging in to Rigzone and updating your profile. You can also change the format you receive (HTML or Text) and your email address by logging in and updating your account. Click here to log in 
Thanks.
I won't be home until 6.  Have meeting ,. Will call when I leave
Let it rip
Dates all work great.  As you mentioned, I will likely be traveling in late November or early December
You probably noticed that I will be out this Friday for the Mylogram.  This outpatient procedure will determine if I will require surgery on my neck to remove the bone spurs that are pinching nerves.
November 5th - 7th I will be on vacation in Phoenix.
November 14th Jury Duty that I rescheduled from July.
Still working on the holidays and at the moment I'm trying to stay here for Thanksgiving and out the week of Christmas.  I'm purposely scheduling this so I will be here while your out of the country, so please let me know if things change.
Will these dates work for you?
Thank you, Ricki
John - please drop Mike a line about the Contracts system implementation on TW on Monday AM as Mike is attending Stan's staff meeting for me.
Shelley,
A reminder notice was posted today for TW customers about the implementation of the new CMS/Capacity Release system this weekend. 
Just wanted to let you know that I was going to come in the office Sunday morning as back up for the TW group just in case there were any issues from the implementation of the CMS/Capacity Release system. 
Ramona, Linda Trevino and their team will also be in the office Sunday morning for support.
John Buchanan
Shelley attached is the latest on the calendar and procedures.  I am still working on
both, but wanted to get something to you.  Let me know if I am way off base with what
you are looking for.  We'll keep trying to refine the document into procedures. Thanks. Lynn
I don't plan for us to sign on, we'll just wait for it to hit the board for vote.
Great.  Thanks!
Pre April 1997 was specifically not covered by the 6 month rule. -- but 8 don't think that means that we are automatically required to process all old ppas.  I think we should plan to manually handle any pre 1997 ppas that we feel bound to accept.
FYI I saw Ken Caminiti at Animal Kingdom yesterday!
Florida is great.  We have been on the go all day and its been after business hours when I've gotten back to the house so I didn't get to talk to you.  But I have been reading my emails along the way and know about all the meetings next week.  And we can send out an email on our staff meeting on Monday.
Disney was great and I've been to 8 baseball games. Today we're going to an Astros practice and then we catch our flight home.
See you Monday
See you soon!
I can either plant this Sat or next.  If you guys already mulched last week, then I can manage the planting on my own.  If not, I could use help with mulching the beds before I plant.
Have a great trip.  I'll be thinking of you.
Call me when you get to the office.  I have been thinking of you constantly this last week and am anxious to hear your voice.
Have a great week back at the office.
No, we live about 2-3 mi. off I-10.  It is really easy to get to our house from Austin by taking 71 to I-10 east. 
Here is a turn by turn:
Exit 1-10 at Highway 6 (17 mi. West of Downtown Houston 
Go South on Hwy 6 to the 3rd stop light (Chevron station on SE corner).  Take right onto Briarforest Drive.  Take first left onto Briarhome (Meadowbriar subdivision).  We live on Scarborough Fair -- third street off Briarhome.  Our home is 2-story red brick & is in the NE corner.
14126 Scarborough Fair
Houston TX 77077
281-531-0385
Also last night I emailed Sergei a brief note regarding what Ginger was telling us yesterday. I didn't want to jump ranks or push him for an earlier date -- but I wanted to make certain that he knew that all our paperwork is in. 
Shelley,
That sounds good. Fred and Marisa may go to the zoo. Do you live off of 290? 
That is the way we usually come.
Liz
Jeffri,
I have received the revised W-2 forms from Enron that increases my reported income to reflect my non-eligibility to participate in the dependent daycare spending accounts.  (See letter in the package of information that I previously delivered to you).  Evidently Enron failed the test for providing dependent day care benefits to highly compensated employees.  I will fedex the revised W-2 forms to you.
I would like to set up a date (perhaps over the lunch hour one day) to meet at your office to review my return and to discuss alternatives for the second home (either rental or sale to my mother and/or her fianc 
Shelley Corman
713-853-7083
shelley.corman@
I'm fine with not having Children's Church Palm Sunday -- recognizing that we won't have CC for 3 weeks then.  I'll adjust the curriculum notes accordingly and we'll pick up with Children's Church on April 14.
Shelley:
Read Patty's comments, and I will call you in the next day or two to discuss.
Thanks,
Barbara
Please let me know if there is a time in the day that you would like me to meet with or great your TECO guests.
Tuesday
March 19, 2002     < 	 RIGZONE    < 	home <  | news <  | search <  | maps <  | data <  | jobs <  | market <  | store     < 	In This Issue  
Current Oil and Gas Industry News 
T! op Stories for the Past 7 Days 
Featured Events and Conferences 
What's in Store - Books & More
Featured Employment Opportunities 
Surplus Oilfield Equipment For Sale 
Worldwide Offshore Rig Utilization 
Oil & Gas Prices
Industry Headlines  Russia Extends Cuts Into the Second Quarter Russian oil exports in the second quarter of this year will remain at the same level as the first quarter, Deputy Prime Minister Viktor Khristenko said on Sunday. 
Hugo Chavez Could Order Army to Run PDVSA Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez said on Sunday he would order the armed forces to take over PDVSA if protesting ! executives and employees tried to halt the company's operations through a strike action. 
Landmark Graphics Releases SpecDecomp 
Landmark Graphics Corporation has released SpecDecomp(TM), a new, innovative reservoir imaging and interpretation technology solution. SpecDecomp provides greater resolution of reservoir boundaries, heterogeneities and thickness than previously possible with traditional broadband seismic displays. For more information click here 
Exploration  Pemex Makes Dry Gas Discoveries Pemex has discovered three dry gas fields that could boost current reserves by 25 
TGS-Nopec Awarded 2D Seismic Contract Offshore Germany TGS-Nopec Geophysical Company announced the start-up of a new non-exclusive 2D seismic survey offshore Germany. 
Norway Receives Bids from 13 Oil Companies for 17th Round Licensing The Ministry of Petroleum and Energy has received applications from 13 oil companies for the 17th Licensing Round on the Norwegian Continental Shelf. 
Statoil Bids For Deepwater Acreage in 17th Round Statoil has only applied for deepwater blocks in Norway's 17th Offshore Licencing Round. 
K! err-McGee Scores with Navajo Kerr-McGee Corp. announced three oil and gas discoveries on separate fault blocks at the Navajo field in its core East Breaks area of the deepwater Gulf of Mexico. 
Production  Murphy Awards Front Runner Contract Murphy has awarded a contract to J. Ray McDermott to construct a Floating Production System for the Front Runner Project. 
Iran To Award South Pars Project Shortly National Iranian Oil Company said on Monday it will award a deal to develop phases 9 and 10 of its South Pars gas field by the second week of April. 
Statoil Announces First Light Crude from Sincor An upgrading plant at Jose i! n Venezuela has begun producing low-sulphur light crude from the Sincor project. 
Company & Financial News  Gulf of Mexico Brings Down GlobalSantaFe's SCORE GlobalSantaFe reported that the company's worldwide SCORE for February 2002 was down from the previous month's SCORE. 
Statoil Completes Sale of Varg Stake The 28 percent interest held by Statoil in the Varg field in the Norwegian North Sea has been sold to Petroleum Geo-Services. 
Halliburton Awarded Dolphin Pipeline Contract Halliburton Brown & Root Limited has been awarded a $3 million contract from Dolphin Energy Limited to carry out the midstream FEED work for the Dolphin Projec! t. 
Santos To Acquire Esenjay Exploration Santos and Esenjay Exploration have entered into a definitive merger agreement. 
Last 7 Days Top Stories  Aker Kvaerner Launches New Company Today, Kvaerner launched a new company to be known as 'Aker Kvaerner' which will supply products, services, technology and solutions to the global oil and gas industry. 
Rowan Gorilla V Contract Dispute is Resolved Rowan Companies, Inc. reported that an agreement has been reached to resolve a dispute over the Rowan Gorilla V contract. 
Newfield Hits in Gulf of Mexico Newfield has m! ade two discoveries in the Gulf of Mexico and expects production from these discoveries to commence by the end of this year. 
Tartan Commences 170 Well Drilling Program in California Tartan Energy Inc. announces a 170 development well, shallow reserve drilling program to commence in April 2002. 
Kerr-McGee Increases 2002 Budget by 15 Kerr-McGee Corp. has increased its capital budget for exploration and production development projects by 15%, or $120 million, to approximately $900 million. 
BHP Awards Contract for Angostura Development BHP awards CSO Aker Engineering the FEED contract for development of its Angostura project offshore Trinidad. 
TotalFinaElf Acquires Block 34 in Oman <  has signed an Exploration and Production Sharing Agreement with the Oman Ministry of Petroleum, taking a 100% interest as operator in Block 34. 
Ensco 7500 Will Experience Downtime During 1Q 2002 The semisub, Ensco 7500, will spend approximately 30 days in the shipyard during the 1st quarter of 2002 for repairs to her hull. 
In-Depth Systems Successfully Uses RFID Technology for Marathon Well In-Depth Systems, Inc. has successfully proven its RFID technology for firing the perforation guns to complete a Marathon well in Alaska. 
Chiles Discovery Christened in Singapore The Chiles Offshore new-build jackup, Chiles Discovery was christened at the Keppel FELS shipyard in Singapore this past weekend. 
Occidental To Invest in Pakistan's Oil Sector Occidental Petroleum Corp. will invest $150 million in Pakistan's petroleum sector. 
Agip to Begin Exploration of Second Block in the Caspian Sea An Agip-led consortium led said it would begin exploratory drilling of another offshore block in the Caspian Sea. 
The SGI Energy Summit 2002 - Visualizing the Future
<  Hear what leaders of top corporations, crucial software providers, and key policy makers have to say about the impact of advanced technology on the future of our industry. This summit promises to fish for all the critical answers to this industry's future success. To learn more, click here 
Upcoming Oil & Gas Industry Events  Mar. 20 	LNG North America < 	 Houston	
Apr. 2 	e-Business in the E&P Industry - Targeting the Value < 	 Houston	
Apr. 7 	CORROSION/2002 < 	 Denver	
Apr. 8 	Weatherman's Classic Charity Golf Tournament <  Houston	
Apr. 9 	2002 SPE/ICoTA Coiled Tubing Conference and Exhibition < 	 Houston	
May. 1 	Nigeria Oil & Gas 2002 < 	 London	
May. 6 	Offshore Technology Conference 2002 < 	 Houston	
May. 13 	Introduction to the Petroleum Industry < 	 Houston	
May. 21 	Oil and Gas in the Gulf of Guinea < 	 London	
Jun. 23 	Ocean Mechanics and Arctic Engineering 2002 < 	 Oslo	
list your conference < 	 view upcoming events  
< 	Click here to go to Baker Hughes AADE Horizon Offshore HoverDril   promote your company 
Static Electricity Hazards and Prevention Series   Dredgers of the World CD-ROM   Mobile Drilling Units of the World CD-ROM    more products 
< 	featured equipment:	
Cabot 250 Workover and Drilling Rig  	
4 1/2-inch 19.2 Lbs Pipe    more equipment 
< 	featured jobs -	 Safety & Regulatory Compliance Specialist -	 Manager-Preventive Maintenance Stand! ards -	 Project Manager more hot jobs featured candidates -	 Senior Electrical Experienced Drilling Supervisor -	 Contract Admin., International Experience -	 Deepwater Drilling & Well Intervention Technology search for candidates   
< 	Drillships:	
To 5000! ': 	57.1%	 (8/14)	
+5000': 	96.0%	 (24/25)	
Semisubs:	
2nd Gen: 	66.7%	 (48/72)	
3rd Gen: 	82.0%	 (41/50)	
4th Gen: 	94.7%	 (36/38)	
5th Gen: 	85.7%	 (6/7)	
Jackups:	
To 200': 	56.1%	 (37/66)	
200' MC: 	45.8%	 (11/24)	
200' MS: 	19.0%	 (4/21)	
300' IC: 	89.6%	 (86/96)	
+300' IC: 	94.4%	 (51/54)	
Severe Env.: 	85.7%	 (18/21)	
view complete utilization report 
< 	Light Crude Oil: 	$25.06/BBL 
(2.24 Brent Crude Oil: 	$25.07/BBL 
(2.12 Natural Gas: 	$3.26/MMBtu 
(6.19 Unleaded Gasoline: 	$0.83/gal 
(2.47 prices from: 	3/18/2002	
change since: 	3/15/2002	
Promotional Opportunities
Become a Sponsor, feature your job opening or, advertise your upcoming industry conference. Click here  
Member Services
If you no longer wish to receive this newsletter, you may unsubscribe by clicking here <  or by logging in to Rigzone and updating your profile. You can also change the format you receive (HTML or Text) and your email address by logging in and updating your account. Click here to log in 
Yes,  I volunteered to continue to keep up the flower beds again this year.  I was planning to pick up some flowers early Sat. morning at plant at the church.  If you want to meet me there around 8:30 AM or so that would be great (but please don't feel obligated).  I think we could get the planting done in about an hour.
Congrats to you on your recent wedding.  I am so thrilled for you both.
Hello Shelly,
Jim Keesling advised you were going to replant the flower bed by the
Sanctuary entrance. I mulched it last week and was going to do something
this week or  Saturday latest.
Please let me know if you need help in any way.
Thanks/ 
Chris Sanguinetti
St Paul Global Marine
ph - 713 260 9791
fax- 713 260 9795
FYI Regarding Mn EC Closing.
I really enjoyed our talk last night.  You gave me some really good advice 
I'm sure that vacation/going out of town is the very last thing that you feel like thinking about, but when you're up to travel thoughts let me know if you would be interested in going to the Hill Country Hyatt some weekend.  I think Alina would love the water rafting.  We could go the weekends of May 11, 18 or 25 if you are interested.
Talk to you soon.  Chad really, really wants to have Tom come over to play soon!
Dear Alumns,
I'm sorry to have to convey the bad news that the Penn State 
administration has decided to close the Department of Energy, 
Environmental, and Mineral Economics effective July 1.   This 
decision stems primarily from massive budget cuts confronting the 
University in light of a significant decrease in state appropriations 
and of a continuation of increasing costs of higher education.  Also, 
despite acknowledged progress in Department accomplishments, we are 
still lagging other EMS departments in major areas such as student 
credit hours and external funding.  Finally, it is easier to close a 
small Department, and one that is sometimes (and erroneously) viewed 
as duplicating educational efforts in the economics area, than it is 
to close a larger and more unique department in the College.
Fortunately, the University is formulating a plan with many positive 
aspects for our faculty, staff, students, and with respect to 
coverage of our fields of expertise.  Tenured faculty will be 
shifting their appointments to other units in the College 
(Meteorology, Geography) and elsewhere at Penn State (Business, Ag 
Econ).  The staff has been promised at least equivalent opportunities 
in EMS.  Continuing students will be provided the necessary courses 
over the next two years to graduate.  New educational initiatives in 
Environmental Risk Management and in Energy Business, and new 
research initiatives associated with Penn State's new Environmental 
Consortium will also serve to continue our intellectual tradition.
Still, there is no way of getting around the news that a wonderful 
educational entity that has been home to so many wonderful people and 
has contributed so much to education, the State of Pennsylvania, and 
the larger world community, will soon cease to exist.  Please know 
that our Department has worked valiantly for many years to amass 
accomplishments that would stave off such a decision.  As Head of the 
Department over the past fourteen years, however, I feel that I bear 
the ultimate responsibility for this outcome.  I only wish that I 
could have done more.
I regret that I have not kept in better touch with many of our 
alumns.  Recently, and facilitated by the ease of using e-mail, we 
had planned to start a semi-annual Alumni Newsletter.  The current 
situation actually makes this even more imperative-the Department may 
no longer exist but our Alumni Association can prosper indefinitely 
if we participate actively in it.  Let me encourage you to spread the 
word about our situation to alumns who have not received this 
communication and to ask them to send me their e-mail addresses for 
future communications.
A degree from Penn State's Mineral Economics Department, or the 
revamped Department of Energy, Environmental, and Mineral Economics, 
has served our alumns especially well over the past five decades. 
There is no reason that it should not continue to do so.
Thanks,
Adam Rose
Professor and Head
Please plan to get together tomorrow, March 20 from 3-4 PM in 39C1 for a staff meeting.  We can talk about the new Enron severance policy, the return of the personal best award program or anything else that is on your mind.  If you have issues that you know that you would like me to address please drop me an email today so that I can do some research and be better prepared to answer your questions.
Shelley
OCC has called me and I am on the call and the operations folks seem irritated with my explanation that I no longer cover communications so I have jotted down the notes on the call and would like to hand over to you as appropriate.
Summary notes from Tom Mertz
-There was an oil spill on the Block 49 platform off the coast of LA in Elod (sp?) Bay on an EOTT facility - Have 2 people on blocks but they are busy with booms (so they are out of communication) and others are on the way to the site to bring up communications.
- The spill was initially reported at 10 barrels.  But later received report that slick reported as 250 ft wide x 1.2 mi long.  And it is nearing the bank/shore.
- Going to do fly over.
- Govt agencies have been called including the Coast Guard. Coast Guard will meet us at site. 
- We have deployed US environmental to do containment and cleanup
-There is concern that news will cover when slick reaches shore.
FYI
OCC has called me and I am on the call and the operations folks seem irritated with my explanation that I no longer cover communications so I have jotted down the notes on the call and would like to hand over to you as appropriate.
Summary notes from Tom Mertz
-There was an oil spill on the Block 49 platform off the coast of LA in Elod (sp?) Bay on an EOTT facility - Have 2 people on blocks but they are busy with booms (so they are out of communication) and others are on the way to the site to bring up communications.
- The spill was initially reported at 10 barrels.  But later received report that slick reported as 250 ft wide x 1.2 mi long.  And it is nearing the bank/shore.
- Going to do fly over.
- Govt agencies have been called including the Coast Guard. Coast Guard will meet us at site. 
- We have deployed US environmental to do containment and cleanup
-There is concern that news will cover when slick reaches shore.
Let me know if you are okay with these and I will forward to Stan
Rick
I have a number of contracts that the bankers want early tomorrow. I am assuming Elizabeth will be in to help me?
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA
BEFORE THE
FEDERAL ENERGY REGULATORY COMMISSION
Regulation of Short-Term Natural                       ?            Docket No. RM98-10-000
Gas Transportation Services  
Regulation of Interstate Natural                       ?                Docket No. RM98-12-000
Gas Transportation Services  
MOTION TO INTERVENE AND COMMENTS
OF THE ENRON INTERSTATE PIPELINES
Pursuant to the March 21, 2001 Notice of Petition in the above-referenced proceedings and Rules 212, 212 and 214 of the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission's ("Commission") regulations (18 C.F.R. ? 385.211, 385.212  and 385.214 ), the Enron Interstate Pipelines hereby move to intervene and respond to the March 16, 2001 Petition of the American Gas Association ("AGA Petition  
I.
All correspondence and communications with regard to this filing should be directed to:
Shelley A. Corman
Vice President, Government Affairs and Public Relations 
Enron Transportation Services Company
1400 Smith Street, P.O. Box 1188
Houston, TX  77251-1188
Phone:  713-853-7083
Email:  shelley.corman@
Nancy E. Bagot
Enron Transportation Services Company
Manager, Government Affairs
Washington, DC  20006
Phone:  202-466-9148
Email:  nancy.bagot@
II.
MOTION TO INTERVENE
The AGA Petition raises issues that are directly related to the operation of pipelines.
2.      Enron operates a number of interstate pipelines subject to the jurisdiction of the Commission under the Natural Gas Act.  In some cases these pipelines are wholly-owned subsidiaries, in other cases Enron is a part owner.  These interests are collectively referred to herein as the Enron Interstate Pipelines.
The Enron Interstate Pipelines have currently pending Order No. 637 compliance filings and may be affected by the outcome of this proceeding, and thus have a direct and substantial interest in this proceeding that cannot be adequately represented or protected by any other party.  Thus, the Enron Interstate Pipelines' participation is in the public interest.
III.
COMMENTS
The Enron Interstate Pipelines wholly support the Response of the Interstate Natural Gas Association of America filed this day and incorporate the comments made therein.
Like INGAA, the Enron Interstate Pipelines take issue with both themes of the AGA Petition.  First, the Enron Interstate Pipelines take issue with the procedural request to implement the new capacity release timeline separately from Order No. 637 proceedings or GISB compliance filings.  Second, the Enron Interstate Pipelines wish to once again voice concerns about the far-reaching impacts of the flowing day recall rights that the AGA petition advocates             Rather than repeat those concerns again here, we have attached a copy of comments that were submitted to the GISB Executive Committee during the discussion of whether GISB should remove the current prohibition on partial day recall rights             For the reasons set forth in both INGAA's response and the attached comments of the pipeline segment, the Enron Interstate Pipelines ask the Commission to deny the AGA Petition.
December 8, 2000
Re:            Business Practices Subcommittee Priority Action Items 1 and 2 and R00026 
At the scheduled December 14, 2000 GISB Executive Committee meeting, the agenda includes a discussion and vote on Recommendations and Proposed Standards.  This agenda item contains certain BPS proposals related to implementation of Order No. 637 requirements and related standards such as R00026.   Among the proposals are new or revised standards for capacity releases and recalls which include support for intraday capacity releases and would remove current GISB restrictions against partial-day recalls. 
Our fundamental concern with the proposed standards is that they do not fully address the far-reaching impact of flowing day recalls.  There are significant operational concerns with these standards.  We are concerned about whether the operational provisions are in place to ensure that the recalled party does not continue to flow, particularly during critical periods.  We are concerned about whether current GISB communication time frames are adequate for handling the ripple effect of flowing day recalls across the grid.   The proposed standards address only one narrow operational concern - whether gas has been scheduled on the particular contract to be recalled.  This does not begin to address the operational challenges of the recall or the potential impact to other transactions across the grid  
Given these operational concerns, we do not understand the rush to adopt flowing day recall standards.  While we understand that this work is in response to R00026, we do not believe that flowing day recalls are necessary to fulfill the scheduling equality requirements of Order No. 637.   Order No. 637 requires that replacement shippers have the same nomination opportunities as shippers acquiring original capacity.  There are no existing pipeline contracting or scheduling functions that are the equivalent of the recall of capacity by a releasing shipper. Very few pipelines have received authorization to sell hourly services and most pipeline tariffs prescribe a uniform hourly flow rate throughout the day.   Further, most pipelines have not yet received approval to implement balancing provisions to address daily price fluctuations or intraday variability. 
In the spirit of compromise, we have worked on and concurred with revised standards that permit intraday releases.  However, under these revised standards, all capacity release options continue to be available only on Business Days to insure that the proper contractual relationships and notice provisions are supported.  Nonetheless, throughout the negotiations on this compromise approach, the pipelines have made it clear we cannot support the proposed flowing day recall standards  
Aside from our opposition to the flowing day recall standards, the pipelines have agreed to other recall standards that are more liberal than are supported by the existing standards.  In this area, we have agreed to support a revised standard which will permit capacity to be recalled for transactions in the Evening Nomination Cycle.  This allows a releasing shipper to recall capacity until the afternoon of the day prior to gas flow.  While this timeline supports a shorter notice for recalls, it still preserves the application of the full-day contract entitlement and gas flow rights for both the releasing and the replacement shippers.  Flowing day recalls, though, are a separate issue.  Flowing day recalls could significantly increase the incidence of scheduling problems, overruns, imbalances and increased occurrences of Operational Flow Orders.  Because of the potentially disruptive nature of flowing day recalls, pipelines cannot support the proposed flowing day recall standards. 
Any move from daily increments of service to partial-day increments of service must be undertaken in the context of all services offered on each pipeline system, including firm services, interruptible services, and balancing and operational provisions. Because these developments involve changes to tariffs and customers service offerings, this is not an area that is currently ripe for GISB development.
The attached Pipeline Segment position paper incorporates the concepts identified above into the BPS recommendation and is offered as an alternative to the BPS recommendation.
April 16, 2001
Mr. David Boergers, Secretary
Federal Energy Regulatory Commission
888 First Street, N.E.
Office of the Secretary, Room 1A, East
Washington, D. C. 20426
Re:               Docket No. RM98-10-000
Docket No. RM98-12-000
Dear Mr. Boergers:
Enclosed for filing with the Commission in the captioned docket are an original and fourteen (14) copies of "Motion to Intervene and Comments of The Enron Interstate Pipelines" in the captioned proceeding.  Also enclosed are three extra copies to be file-stamped and returned to the messenger.  These comments have also been submitted electronically through the Internet e-mail.
Very truly yours,
Shelley A. Corman, Vice President
Enron Transportation Services Company
For the Enron Interstate Pipelines
Jennifer,
Regrettably I will not be able to attend the April 19 meeting of the dinner.  Please pass my best wishes on to both Dean Dutton and Professor Kleit for a successful meeting.
Shelley Corman
713-853-7083
The FERC is presently deliberating on more restrictive rules, but I'll answer in the context of the current rules.
There are three main principles behind the current rules:
1. Pipeline can't share shipper information with affiliate
2. Pipeline can't share transportation info with affiliate -- unless pipeline is willing to publicly post info, and
3. Pipeline and affiliates must operate as separately as reasonably possible.
There is no prohibition on the pipeline having affiliate information, but the real root of your question is whether the entities are operating separately.  For example, pipeline gets forward price curve info from affiliate -- we'd argue that this is just info that helps pipeline do its job better.  But, compare with scenario where pipeline has a detailed list of all affiliates sales obligations - price, terms, etc. -- the argument can be made that the entities are not operating separately and the only reason that the pipe has this info is to favor affiliate business.  There was a real case to this effect.  The pipeline & affiliate attended a joint strategy meeting each morning.  The pipeline claimed that it only listened during the meeting.  FERC found that the pipeline and affiliate were not operating separately and fined the pipeline.
So, I'd say that the rules are asymmetric for the case where the pipeline wants access to research/training/historical type info, but probably symmetric when it comes to matters of day to day contracts of transactions.
Shelley, dumb question, but I'm thinking in terms of general synergies for reorgco.  I am familiar with restrictions that prohibit operating info and preferential treatment to marketing affiliates of pipeline co's, but do the regulated pipeline co's have unrestricted access to the info from marketing affiliates?  My guess would be that the rule is asymmetric, but Enron always seemed to treat it as a two-way street.
Thx-
Davis
New rules propose to:
1. Expand the list of who is a marketing affiliate
2. Require pipeline to keep detailed records of communications with affiliates 
Great, thanks - that gets to the heart of it.  I suppose that with respect to planning, separateness would apply.  Out of curiosity, are the changes going to be more restrictive or less?
The FERC is presently deliberating on more restrictive rules, but I'll answer in the context of the current rules.
There are three main principles behind the current rules:
1. Pipeline can't share shipper information with affiliate
2. Pipeline can't share transportation info with affiliate -- unless pipeline is willing to publicly post info, and
3. Pipeline and affiliates must operate as separately as reasonably possible.
There is no prohibition on the pipeline having affiliate information, but the real root of your question is whether the entities are operating separately.  For example, pipeline gets forward price curve info from affiliate -- we'd argue that this is just info that helps pipeline do its job better.  But, compare with scenario where pipeline has a detailed list of all affiliates sales obligations - price, terms, etc. -- the argument can be made that the entities are not operating separately and the only reason that the pipe has this info is to favor affiliate business.  There was a real case to this effect.  The pipeline & affiliate attended a joint strategy meeting each morning.  The pipeline claimed that it only listened during the meeting.  FERC found that the pipeline and affiliate were not operating separately and fined the pipeline.
So, I'd say that the rules are asymmetric for the case where the pipeline wants access to research/training/historical type info, but probably symmetric when it comes to matters of day to day contracts of transactions.
Shelley, dumb question, but I'm thinking in terms of general synergies for reorgco.  I am familiar with restrictions that prohibit operating info and preferential treatment to marketing affiliates of pipeline co's, but do the regulated pipeline co's have unrestricted access to the info from marketing affiliates?  My guess would be that the rule is asymmetric, but Enron always seemed to treat it as a two-way street.
Thx-
Davis
Thanks, I needed a little bedtime reading!
Shelley:
Thanks for your comments - we got an extra day to work through these so your timing was good.  I have attached the revised business plan that incorporates more formatting changes than anything else.  I will incorporate your changes in the next turnaround along with the Batchelder comments, due tomorrow.  Thanks for your assistance on this.
Kevin
ps - Thanks for lunch yesterday.
No material impact .  The filing concerns various scheduling and balancing rules.
Ricki - I don't yet have answers back to many of the questions that I pitched to HR and Lynn and Donna are out -- so could you see about the possibility of moving our staff meeting to tomorrow afternoon?
Hi Bev,
Just checking in.  What is the latest on your travel time frame?  Hope everything is moving quickly ahead for you.
Shelley
Or are you still swamped from being out of the office.
Let me know how your Drs appt goes.  I'll have to let you know later about Fri.  -- got some scheduling things up in the air.
I'd love to go but an at the doctor's office now and then have a March of
Dimes lunch for our Baylor team captains. How about Friday?
Let me know what you think about April 12 as a possible San Marcos date.  Second choice would be April 5.
I signed up for the class today.  I live on the far west side of town (just S. of 1-10) so we'll have to leave around 7:15 AM to make it to class in time on Sat. Nov 3 
Your family is also welcome to stay in our guest apartment.  The good thing about living on the west side of town is that it is only about a 2 1/2 hour drive from Austin.   I'll give you better directions later.
Chad has a soccer game at 9 AM on Nov. 3 -- so they'll be out and about very early.  I can drive to the conference so that your husband can have the car for a day of sightseeing.
I have another meeting at 3.  I'll join you late if I can.  I'm just finishing up my comments on the NNG business plan and will forward shortly.
This morning I discovered and forwarded to Teb/Rob the cases of several major pipelines (Trunkline & Texas Eastern) that converted to LLC status with no protests or conditions.  These were unpublished letter orders so they don't turn up on a Westlaw search.  Teb agrees that these provide a very straight forward road map for us.
Shelley:
We are having a meeting in 49C2 at 3:00 regarding the TW/NNG deal with Jerry Peters at Border. If you are available, please feel free to join us.
Kevin
Great
Thanks.
I talked with Maria re: who signs TPAs for NNG.  TPAs should be signed by an officer of NNG.  We can prepare the document (i.e., fill in the blanks), but not sign.  I'm working out the details of the process and will forward to you, Mary Draemer, Brad, etc.
The agreements look great.  Thanks for your efforts.
Are you interested in getting a group of people together to buy 4 tickets (est. cost $10,000)?  Would need to be split 10 ways to be doable?
Houston Astros Baseball season tickets are available sale to employees at their face value.  The seats range in price from $2,490 to $3,237 for the season, and are located in the box and club levels. 
If you're interested in being on the list of potential buyers for Enron's season tickets to the Astro's 2002 home games, please indicate your interest by 4PM, Central Time on Thursday, March 21 via e-mail to Elizabeth Linnell.  In your e-mail, please indicate the number of seats you're interested in purchasing for the full season (no partial season or individual games).  Once the number of interested potential buyers is determined, we'll know whether a lottery process will need to take place to fairly allocate the purchase opportunities and will communicate that to respondents.
Please note that the season begins on Friday, March 29 so payment for the tickets will need to be made early next week. 
If you have any questions, please call Elizabeth Linnell at x33896 or Rachel Tobor at x31481.
Here's my first stab
Key Findings
1. With only one significant exception, the groups acknowledge their tasks/responsibilities in the measurement process.  The only area that appears to be lacking defined roles/responsibility is follow-through on open issues/corrections that are not made prior to close
2.  The main issues with late data for billing relate to execution and lack of communication follow-through
3.  There needs to be an added focus in the field about how their tasks relate to the NNG billing process.  Current procedures are written solely in the context of calculating UAF.
4.  The customers chart changing arrangements raise audit concerns and concerns about our ability to gather timely data for billing.
Recommendations
1. Educate field and GMS staff on use of measurement data in billing -- combination of written materials and presentations  (Gas Logistics).
2. Renegotiate chart changing agreements/gain understanding of timing parameters.
3. Assign responsibility for past month issues past measurement close.
4. Develop single point of organizational accountability for quality/timeliness of data fed into PGAS, including Field Teams with respect to their measurement duties; measurement technology, GMS and UAF specialist.
I can make that work for Chad if that is when Drew is available.  I assume you are talking about Wk of June 24 
I agree with your strategy
Shelley,
FYI
A GISB ratification ballot has been distributed.  One item is the 'Base Contract for Sale and Purchase of Natural Gas'.  We did not participate in this effort because it doesn't affect us.
I voted in favor of it at the last EC meeting and plan to support it on the ratification ballot.  Richard Smith of ExxonMobil wants this item to be approved.  He's been very instrumental in getting our Order 637 transactional reporting issues pushed through GISB.  The transactional reporting data sets (EBB usage only) will be voted at the next EC meeting in April.  We may need his support.  Therefore, I'm supporting him on the base contract.
Ratification is due April 19.  I'll route and submit ballot as usual
Thanks,
Theresa
Brad Holmes
Steve January
Lynn Blair
Mike Bryant
Donna Scott (vac)
Sheila Nacey (vac)
Rick Dietz
Lindy Donoho
Mark McConnell
Michelle Lokay
Paul E Y'Barbo
TK Lohman (vac)
Kevin Hyatt
* Individuals noted will be on vacation -- but you should probably send an invite anyway.
Please remember that you guys are to stop by Stan's office first at 10:30
Please rearrange your schedules to attend a meeting with Stan Horton today at 10:45am in 49C3.   Sorry for the short notice.
Cindy Stark
Executive Assistant to Stan Horton
Tel:   713/853-6197
Fax:  713/345-7047
Cindy.Stark@
How about Monday?
Shelley,
Congratulations!  TW has a great marketing department and I know that you will enjoy working with everyone.  Can we schedule lunch next week?  I would love to visit with you and share with you some of the things we have been working on to ensure a smooth transition.  I am available on Monday, Wednesday or Friday.  Tuesday is possible, I would need to move another appointment.
Thanks, Kim.
Thanks of your words of encouragement 
Let me point out, this is NOT sucking up 
However, congratulations on your new endeavor.
I know it's too early to consider, but in the future, if you decide there is a position available in your new group, please consider me.
Don't get me wrong, I'm not unhappy where I am, just seeking opportunities to expand.
I bring 28 years experience in a variety of areas both in TW and NNG including Contracts, Scheduling, and Gas Control.
Again congratulations and good luck.
Dennis 
April 20, 2001
Maintenance of Houston, Inc.
6220 West Park, Suite 106
Houston, TX 77057
Dear Mr. _____________,
By prior correspondence dated ______, we notified you that we  you were notified of Ashford United Methodist Church's concern over the proEarlier this year AMaintenance of Houston currently provides janitorial service to Ashford United Methodist Church and Ashford Child Enrichment Center under a month to month contract.   Under this arrangement, Maintenance of Houston provides an on-site janitor.
In our initial correspondence soliciting janitorial service bids, we explained that our facility is used as a school during the week.  We explained the importance from a security perspective of minimizing the number of different people that have access to the facility.  We also asked Maintenance of Houston to provide documentation of employee screening procedures.
It has recently come to our attention that Maintenance of Houston has not furnished employee screening documentation for the individual that Maintenance of Houston currently has assigned to our facility.  It is our policy to request criminal background information for any contractor that is in our facility during school hours.
Please furnish such employee screening information to us by April 30, 2001.  To the extent Maintenance of Houston is unable to provide documentation for the current individual assigned to our facility or furnish another individual that does have appropriate documentation by April 30, 2001, we are hereby providing notice of our intent to terminate the month to month agreement effective May 31, 2001.
Sincerely
Shelley Corman, on behalf of
Ashford United Methodist Trustees
Please add to my calendar
Great.  I'll put 11:30 on my calendar 
Kim.
How about Monday?
Shelley,
Congratulations!  TW has a great marketing department and I know that you will enjoy working with everyone.  Can we schedule lunch next week?  I would love to visit with you and share with you some of the things we have been working on to ensure a smooth transition.  I am available on Monday, Wednesday or Friday.  Tuesday is possible, I would need to move another appointment.
Thanks, Kim.
Shellley would like to meet at 9:30 on Monday in her office to discuss Transwestern customer accounts.  Please let me know if you have a conflict with this time.
Thanks,
Lindy
Teb - would you have time to brainstorm with me on some middle of the road rate treatment scenarios on Monday?
Rod:
For purposes of using an LLC in the model, is there some level of value that we think we can keep relative to the tax allowance?  I don't think assuming that you give away 100% of the value you derive from not paying taxes at the LLC level +  still having to deduct your ADIT from rate base makes a lot of sense.  There should be some middle point here.  I could be wrong however.  The reason I ask is that if we assume both TW and NNG are C-Corps and we need to make the earnings per common unit accretive (leaving aside the fact that the CASH distritbution per unit is very accretive), this may not work.  Shelley, any help would be appreciated.
Kevin
Stan told me that you were using that title too.  So I guess perhaps I negotiated another thing as well.  Seriously though I would like to talk to you about using common titles.
Well, how does it feel to be MD and CCO of TW?  Glad you decided to stay..................have a good weekend.
Bob
Did you get in touch with TK?  How did you negotiate the chief comm title?  I'm impressed.  You did more in a day, than I did in several years 
Boy do I have a lot to fill you in on job wise.  Here is the short version.  Yes I have a new job.  But, surprise, it's still at Enron.  I am just swamped and will not have the 2 weeks off I expected so there is definitely no weekday San Marcos trip in my future.
We have no plans for Easter -- other than the fact that Alina is scheduled to be baptized at 8:30 AM church.  The Plaza/Houston/Met clubs have an Easter brunch that looks like it could be fun.  On the other hand we could just relax pool side.  We'd love to spend the day with you and gimpy.  Just let me know your leisure preferences 
Hi. How was your weekend? I hope you had a nice visit with your guests. 
As you can imagine I spent most of the weekend caring for John. He actually
slept quite a bit on Saturday but I thought I should stick around in case he
needed something. Yesterday, he started to get a little more mobile but it
is going to be a while before he is "back on his feet." He did go to work
today and starts physical therapy today as well.
I   all sometime soon. What are your plans for Easter?
C
I am going to be available in a few minutes
Ricki
Change of Plans --- Please change to 
Shelley A. Corman
Sr. VP & Chief Commercial Officer
and get my new room location Thanks
Kathryn, here is the information:
Transwestern Pipeline Company
Shelley A. Corman
Managing Director & Chief Commercial Officer
1400 Smith, ECN4262
Houston, TX 77002
(713) 853-7083
(713) 646-2461 - fax
(713) 857-2103 - cell
shelley.corman@
(we might not want to include e-mail address)
Kathryn, I need this IN-HAND by April 2nd and a proof by Wednesday March 26th.
Thank you, Ricki
What does this mean?????? Will it affect my Blackberry?  Will it affect the ability to check email at  
Due to recent concerns about the lack of security over wireless networks, all wireless hubs will be disconnected from the Enron network on Tuesday, 3/26.  Enron Network Services will continue to investigate alternative wireless security methods.  If you have any questions concerning this action please, please contact Mary Vollmer @ ext. 33381.
ETS Solution Center - Houston, at 713-345-4745
ETS Solution Center - Omaha, at 402-398-7454
Shelley,
Please review this announcement and let me know of any changes.  John Ambler has reviewed and provided input.  After I hear from you, I'll forward this to Stan for his approval.
Thanks, Gina
Please approve these requests
We received a request to move you and Kevin Hyatt to ECN3902 and 3903, respectively. The cost should be approximately $500.
Please advise if you approve this request.
Thank you.
Ruthann
x54212
Okay sounds like we are the first Taraz group and the Almaty group is before us.  That is the group that she said is not traveling until Nov. 15.  Sergei is the guide to both the Almaty group and to us 
I am so much praying that we will be home before Dec. 15. On that date my nanny returns to Bolivia for Christmas and I will be lacking childcare for Chad at home.  Wow this waiting is stressful.
Based on current est. travel times, I think that we will both travel over.  Kim will probably be the one to stay the two weeks, so that I can come home to tend to Chad & his obligations.   We definitely don't want to leave Alina to come with an escort.  But, the issue we still need to work through is the fact that Alina is still scared o Kim.
Ginger,
I was able to get Ginger on her cell phone. She said, that we were the first 
to go in, that the other group was a different region, and that they had to 
go in order and that their paper work was in before ours. She said she was 
not sure what Chris had told me, but would get with her about it when she 
gets back. I do NOT like it all, but will try to give them the benefit of the 
doubt that this is the best that can be done.
I also asked about the 2 weeks prior to court date, and the 2 weeks after 
court date, and she said as of now only the 2 weeks prior is being waived, 
but that Sergei is still working on it and will not have the answer until he 
has our court date and papers.
I also asked (again) about only 1 parent travelling and she said that to her 
knowledge there has been no law change to allow that, and I asked (again) 
what about a waiver or something and she did say they have been asking that 
question of Kazakhstan but no answer yet.
There is the option of having your child escorted back by future family, 
Ginger didn't think I would want to do that, and she is right, but I guess it 
is an option.
Well, at least we for sure will be able to do the conference.
Liz
I don't plan to attend the NNG customer accts meeting
Should I free up this time on your calendar?
Thanks, Ricki
I moved this meeting date to avoid potential conflicts with people being out the office on Good Friday.  Dynegy will be represented in this meeting so please come prepared to explain any issues or variances.
Rick
The NNG Customer Accounts Meeting scheduled Friday, March 22 has been moved to:
Thursday, March 28th
3:30pm - 4:30pm
42C2
Yes -  I will be moving to Steve's old offices
Shelley, this room change is Steve's old office.  Is this correct?
Thank you, Ricki
Kathryn, two changes already.
Title Change:
Sr. VP & Chief Commercial Officer
Location Change:
ECN3902
Thank you, Ricki
Ricki
Change of Plans --- Please change to 
Shelley A. Corman
Sr. VP & Chief Commercial Officer
and get my new room location Thanks
Kathryn, here is the information:
Transwestern Pipeline Company
Shelley A. Corman
Managing Director & Chief Commercial Officer
1400 Smith, ECN4262
Houston, TX 77002
(713) 853-7083
(713) 646-2461 - fax
(713) 857-2103 - cell
shelley.corman@
(we might not want to include e-mail address)
Kathryn, I need this IN-HAND by April 2nd and a proof by Wednesday March 26th.
Thank you, Ricki
Thanks for your support.  I'm sure that I'll be taking you up on your offer soon.
Shelly
Just wanted to say congratulations on the change to TW Marketing.
If I can help in anyway, please call.
Dan
Sorry for the unfriendly greeting in the lobby.  I just had my head in the clouds.  Have a great evening!
I am avialable tomorrow afternoon.  Will 2 PM ET work for you?  Will you call me or should I call you?
Liz,
I spoke with Ginger today to tell her that my notarized INS approval is in the mail.  She said she is really busy because Chris is on vacation.  She reiterated the point that you made that there is another group traveling to Almaty before us.  They are not traveling until Nov. 15.  We will be after that -- perhaps a week or 10 days later 
This journey is certainly full of ups and downs.  I was thrilled to receive INS approval and am now discouraged about not traveling until late November or early December 
I was thinking about making an appeal for us to go before the Almaty group.  What do you think?  Perhaps you have better standing for such an appeal given your health concerns for Oksana.
Shelley
We had 22 kids and 3 adult helpers.  The kids were pretty wild.  It wasn't one of our better days.  Oh well!
If it's okay with you, I'd like to take a week break next weekend.  I need to be at an event downtown at 1 Pm and it would be nice not to rush.  I will bring you the boom box and CDs with music suggestions.  Would that be okay?
Also, Stan is not available the third weekend in November so I have agreed to switch with him.  He will teach Nov 11 (I will be there to help)  and I will take Nov 18 (Kim promises that he will definitely be there).
Hi Shelley: 
I hope all went well on Sunday.  One thing I forgot was to ask you or Elizabeth to take a count of children/adults attending Children's Church and get it to Jackie in the office.  If you want to email the info to me, I will be happy to call Jackie Take care, 
Barbara 
P.S.  Will you be there next Sunday to handle music? 
I am feeling pretty blue today with all the Enron stuff.  Finances being what they are -- we need to do some serious soul searching on Royal Oaks.  Can we get our money back if we walk or are we stuck.  Please also calculate the value of your Transocean options.  I may want to monetize these to cover adoption/travel expenses.
I now  have another meeting over the lunch hour.  Perhaps another day this week Shelley 
Are you available for lunch today?  Your calendar shows you are open at 12:00. 
Brad
Rick,
When I was approving latest expense report I noticed an item listed Gulfstream project (lunch with Keith Higginbotham).  I have been working on Gulfstream OBA & interconnect agreement with Frazier/Dot/ Sharon for several weeks.  I didn't realize that you were working on Gulfstream items too.   What is your team working on on Gulfstream?
Also can I get a copy of the revised contract quick reference manual.  I think I had the outdated  one prior to the latest printing.
Thanks
Shelley
If I understand the question, the answer is that we only have to seek approval for corporate changes to TW, the regulated entity. We would disclose entities above TW in the corp chain for informational purposes.  FERC is interested for two reasons - to understnad that TW operates separately from its marketing affiliate and as part of determining TW,s capital structure and return in a rate case 
We received our INS approval today and will overnight thr notarized version to Ginger Monday.  So it is all in Ginger's hands now.                            Shelley
Thanks for taking the lead on this
Please set something up
Shelly:
Don Hawkins and Sarabeth Smith would like to get together with you to discuss the Citizens deal and how things are going for you and your group with the business that is being generated by EAMR.
Don will be traveling starting Tuesday, Oct. 23 through November 1st.  Therefore, they would like to set up the meeting sometime Monday, Oct. 22  afternoon - anytime from 1:30 - 4 (however, he has a meeting starting at 4pm - so would have to conclude by then).
Please let me know if you can do this on the 22nd.  Thank you!
Kim Pattison
6-8301
I am getting home early. We are supposed to land at 3 pm.  Love you .
Great.  I am getting back early around 4.30.  We will meet you at 6.30 even if  John is late we can have wine and catch up.
Whqt interview?
I am out of town on business tonight.  I saw you called but thought it is probably too late to reply.  Yes I would like to attend the conference and would love to get together while you are in town.  I will give you a call tomorrow night when I get back to town.  I didn't hear from Ginger this week.  I did talk to Connie the travel broker and she said that she was just holding our visa stuff pending instructions from Chris Ivins.  Suzanne emailed me that Randi Thompson the head of Kidsave is in Kazakstan right now and will be sending out an email to the Kidsave families.   .  Shelley
I am out of town on business.  Are you interested in dinner tomorrow night at cafe express?  On Sat Chad has a 3 pm soccer game and at 5.30 birthday party.  We can work around these plans if you prefer.
Are you going to apply?
Fuel is retained in kind from the shippers 
Ok
Great! I will review them on Monday no need to send to FL.
Great
Now I'm back at my desk.  I think we've finally found the right tool for you to stay constantly in touch with me.
This is sooooo Cool 
Thanks 
I agree since I am at the bank right now
Thanks
Here is my mark-up.  Please make sure that it is factually correct. 
Shelley,
Attached is a draft of the letter concerning the reinstatement of the old scheduled quantities report 
Jim
I think it sounds worthwhile -- since Linda Breathitt and Stacy Girard are participating.  If Stan is unavailable, I think Phil Lowry or Mike Nelson would also be great choices.
Stan's been invited to present at a broadcast that SGA is hosting.  Apparently, Jerry Halverson indicated to this organization that Stan would be a great person to represent the industry.  Would you both take a look at the agenda for the broadcast and let me know if you think this is something that Stan should participate in?
If it is something that you think is worthwhile, I would work with INGAA on exactly what message they want Stan to communicate.
Thanks for your insight.
Can I get your opinion by Thursday?
Gina
Gina,
Attached are two informational pieces regarding the November 1 Broadcast as
well as a registration form.  Hope you can join us.
Nadine
Drew - In your new organization is Frazier the marketing affiliate attorney?  or Hartsoe?  We need to continue to refine the procedure for posting updates.  For example this week I found some overdue changes that needed to be made to the website. =20
The following organizational change is designed to improve our level of service to your organizations.  Please feel free to contact me anytime on any subject, particularly additional ideas on how we can improve our client service.  DF =20
One of my goals as ETS General Counsel is to assure that the group is organized in a way that allows all of us to provide quality services to our clients in the most efficient manner possible.  One of the ways to do this is to modify our internal organization to better track the "functionalized" organization that ETS has recently adopted in the operations and commercial areas.  Additionally, we must continually revisit the way we allocate our resources to reflect client priorities.  Accordingly, I am pleased to announce that Colleen Raker will begin reporting directly to me, effective immediately.  Richard Melton, Lee Huber and Kim Wilkie will report to Colleen.  Colleen's team will have primary responsibility for serving the "new business generation" efforts within Steve Hotte's IT group and Phil Lowry's Operations group.  Additionally, Colleen's team will focus on asset purchase and sale transactions and financings, while Colleen and Richard will take lead responsibility on pipeline security efforts led by Mike Nelson's team.  Each of these lawyers will also continue serving the numerous other clients they assisted before this organizational change.
Lou Soldano's group will continue its emphasis on serving the needs of the rest of Phil Lowry's organization, including the key area of right of way acquisition and other legal requirements related to pipeline expansions.  Greg Porter's group will continue its focus on   commercial and regulatory activity on the NNG and TW systems.  Greg's group gets reinforcements on Monday, as Bill Rapp is joining us from EES.  Bill will focus on TW matters, and will coordinate closely with Tony Pryor, Maria Pavlou, and Greg and Dot as he gets up to speed on the busy TW docket.  Dot McCoppin's group will continue its role supporting all commercial and regulatory activity for Citrus/FGT.  Dot's group will also assist with TW matters as appropriate.
Given the dynamic business we are a part of and the small size of our group, the organizational structure outlined above is intended to be very flexible.  Each of us will continue to be called on by clients to assist with projects that don't fit neatly into the above structure.  That is part of the challenge we face, but also part of the fun we enjoy! =20
Please join me in congratulating Colleen on her new responsibilities and in welcoming Bill to the group on Monday! =20
=20
Thanks I needed that today!
Sherry called Kim the other night to see if he would run for the HOA.  Surely there must be more to this.  Why wouldn't the HOA pay their bills?   I'll have to ask Joe Carrabba tonight.
I thought this might interest you.
Cindy
 Good morning girl friends,