i am glad you reminded me b/c i completely forgot.  this couldn't come at a 
better time b/c i am fucking broke.  i haven't been this since school.  send 
it to:
1212 fairview #a
houston, tx 77006
wait until you get to glamorama.  it is the best except for 1 nasty chapter you will know when you get to it.  lsu is on espn this sat night.  look for 
me tied on to some 19 year old hottie  drunk off my ass.  i will have some 
pledges tie around my head and bourbon all over the front of my shirt.  just 
go ahead and over night that check.
they figured it out.  it was their mistake.  how is everything.  i am going 
to baton rouge this weekend for the lsu game.  i should be fun.  i will call 
sunday.
i think that i am going to take it easy tonight.  i am going to br tomorrow 
so i need my rest.  are you going to the lsu game?  i cannot wait to get back 
in town.  where are you guys going out afterwards?
we have a softball game chief
i don't know but the field is located off of i-10
so i will take minn (1.5).  you want that?
san antonio and vidor
did you get in  touch with kim
you must be bad luck for the tigers.  was it fun last weekend?  i havent 
heard of lz's.  what do you guys  have 8 happy hours a week 
i was just in town over labor day weekend.  my hoodlum friends and i didn't 
get into too much trouble.  so do you have to learn new "internet terms"  in 
your new job.  you need do be able to talk the talk with those it folks well the job sounds good if you are going to retire in one year.  i think i 
am going to work until i am 40 then i am moving to florida to live on the 
beach.  so how is denver?  i miss the good weather.  have you guys been 
partying?  did you have any good gossip for me.  you need to fill me in b/c i 
am way out of the loop.  good luck with your new job and email me back when 
you get a chance.
matt
is this going to be the buying op for apple 
i couldn't believe it when i heard it.  i would just hold it.  i am going to 
baton rouge this weekend.  hope all is well.  take care.
we are playing tenn.  they are going to hammer us.  i am going in.  it should 
be on at 530 espn your time.  griese and davis starting sunday?
Jill Allen >
- NPLEASE.MPG
- ATT00255.TXT
- RFC-822.TXT
do you have an extra glove?  also let me know where the game is at tues what is the next game you are going in for?
i am in if our football game is at 9
i got min -1.5 for $30
bama is a definate.  just call me tomorrow and we can go out there.  i hope 
there is a hottie working 1st.  i will hit singles all day.
i am in.
the lsu game rocked.  davey hasn't been playing b/c he has been hurt.  if he 
would have played last week we would have beat uab.  denver defense sucks that game made me sick.  i can do can cun for sure.  just let me know the 
dates.  what happened to cu?  i heard marcus houston hurt his hip.
it was awesome.  i didn't get your message until last night.  i didn't have 
my phone with me there.  it was so much fun.  that was one of the greatest 
games that i went to.  where did you watch it?  it sounded like you were 
partying some.
i will be in for cancun for sure 
i guess that means we need to go back to some more games.  i cant believe we 
didn't go.
when are we going to go get drinks with celeste's friend that is the hottie 
how about that game?  did you get to see it?  tell celeste to set it up for 
thurs.  we will go hit some cool place for drinks.
i went.  it was incredible.  one of the best games i have seen there.  rohan 
is the man.  we would be 4-1 if he could have played last week.  big game 
sat.  we need to do something for the game.
what do you mean i wasn't doing so hot saturday night?  i thought i was in 
great shape.  i was dancing better than menudo.  i was hurting when we left 
sat.  i almost puked in my car when i was driving back to houston.  going 
back to football games is so much fun, but the drinking kills you.  i haven't 
drank that much for that long in a while.  it was worth it.  i am tired 
today, but it is nice for everyone to say how we kicked ass this weekend.  i 
still can't believe you didn't get tickets.  i had extras.  i could have 
hooked you up.  i heard brittney spears was at fred's on sat night.  did you 
hear that.  not that i am a fan of hers, i just heard that.  shoot me another 
email when you get a chance.
matt
yeah.  you?  we have an extra day also.  i want to go out sat.
sorry i didn't call you back last night.  i went to bed.  i will try to call 
you tonight or tomorrow.
sounds good.  how long would we stay in cancun?  i don't think i can take 2 
weeks again this year.  i could meet you in n.o. and we could fly from there 
or if you have to go to cancun through houston i can meet you here.  i will 
try to call tonight after my softball game.  hope all is well.
have you ever been to monterey, cali?  i get to go there in two weeks for a 
pipeline meeting.  it looks gorgeous.  is grandma still staying in town with 
you?
you said some embarrassing things on the message.  just kidding.   this 
weekend will probably be low key.  i am sure i will go out sat.  what are you 
doing?
i am down in the crowd somewhere.
i dont remember monterey.  i think i missed it when i was curled in a ball in 
the back seat freezing my ass off.  i cant wait.  i looks awesome.
i am playing golf one day.  i am going to fly into sf and drive down the 
coast to monterey.  should be nice.
i ran on the field.  it looked awesome.  i had a blast.  it was one of the 
top 3 games  i saw at tiger stadium.
it is okay if i am getting old b/c i age really well.  anyway, men get 
distinguished as they age.  i don't care how old i get just as long as i keep 
my hair.  i can't believe you don't like freds when it is packed.  that is 
the best time to be at that place.  i do feel better at work today.  i found 
out i get to go to monterey, cali in two weeks for a boondoggle.  it is all 
paid for and all i will do is booze and golf.  i look foward shit like that 
now.    you should be going out every night while you can.  one day you will 
hit the real world and you can't do that.  lsu is not the real world.  you 
can still party a lot while you work, you just have to be in pain at work and 
pretend like you are not hung over so they don't think you have a problem.  i 
usually go out 2-3 nights a week.  i try to live like a rock star (like 
britney spears).  email me back when you get a chance.
what is up?  i didn't have your email.  anyway, i think you called last night 
and i answered and i could hear you talking to somebody, but you couldn't 
hear me saying hello.  dirty george does some sick shit.  he lost his hand up 
his ass the other day.  how is the new job?
we need to book a trip to club med can cun.  i heard it is just like that 
show temtation island.
are we on for drinks with the hottie?
cool bra.  what is up for the game this weekend?
do you get to go to ny ever?  sounds good.  are you going to start working 
100hrs/wk?
i have a joke for you.
Q:  what two words clear out a men's bathroom faster than anything?
A: nice dick
i don't listen to nsync.  i like color me bad more.  they are more my speed they have a more mature sound.  you don't know what a boondoggle is?  a 
boondoggle is where another company takes you on trip to discuss business 
over golf and booze.  they pay for it all and it is usually fairly 
extravagant.  they make this job worth it.  i am having a shitty day.  i am 
losing a shit load of money.  do you go out every night or something?  you 
are living the wild life.  what are you taking the gre for?  what the fuck is 
the gre for anyway?  is that the grad school test?  what is your major?  i 
can't remember what you told me.  speech something?  where are you going to 
grad school? lsu?  talk to you later.
you must be a hoodoo for the tigers.  i went in for the tenn game.  it was 
awesome.  you dont realize how good we had it at school until you leave check out md anderson.  it is the top cancer research hospital in the 
country.  how is everything going there?  i talked to our babe kelsey walker 
a couple of weeks ago.  she was in houston for a bachelorette party.  she is 
still hot.   i also saw  brooke and emily last weekend.  brooke looked good i am planning on going to jacques wedding.  when is it?  what lsu games are 
you going back in for?  i am definately hitting the bama game and possibly 
miss st.   talk to you later.
i spoke to her yesterday.  if she doesn't get you an interview with that guy 
she is going to get you one later.  game at tim or val's.
sounds good. 
we can bring some shit.  is this girl from the same town as celeste?  i am 
trusting you that she is hot.  i don't want to show up for some drinks and 
have to sit next to some troll.  well just let me know.  we can get drinks 
any night next week.
i think mitch is going to come over also.
i have your juvenille cd & i might not give it back.  you in town this 
weekend.
i just got a 46.  my mom is so proud she raised a good boy.
see how you do on this test.  let me know your score.
Bryan Hull
10/05/2000 01:28 PM
This is the test we were talking about Tuesday 
- CORRUPTI.EXE
- RFC-822.TXT
how did you lose 26 points from the last time you took the test.   you cannot 
pretend some of that stuff didn't happen.
i actually scored a 96.  that is respectable.  it doesn't make me a dope 
addict or dog lover so i am comfortable with it.
i didn't cheat like you did.  there is no way your score can go down on 
this.  i think you need to retake it and be honest with the test and be 
honest with yourself.  let me know what you really score.
did you see the debate last night?  i was impressed with cheney.  i thought 
he was more impressive than either presidential candidate.
wade might show up if that is ok
i tell him to bring some food
i am not going fucking ice skating.  that fag might be.  i think there is a 
power trader named rogers herndon.  why?  so what are you doing this weekend?
we should go get some beers after work at that new place near tim called the 
station or something.  let me know if you are in.
i am staying in town for the weekend.  what are you doing?  i think that i am 
going out sat.  give me a call if you are going out.
whenever.  i am ready to go now.
you won't be able to throw me when you are on ice skates boitano.
give me a call at work or at home when you can go.
i didn't bet with her.  she still owes me $50.  we came back to reality.
you didn't miss shit on saturday.  merc room was full of nothing but 
cougars.  it was a waste.  we need to hit this place called toc.  i heard 
that it is great 
texas sucks huh?  how was your weekend?
do you guys want to play golf sat morning?  let me know and i will get a tee 
time before the game.
somewhere decent.  if you want in i will get a tee time today.
damn!  you got a 112?  did you answer yes to the animal sex question?  i 
scored lower than you.  i scored a 96.  my mother would be proud.  i am just 
an angel.    you should move to the french riviera.  i think i am going to do 
something similar.  i need to go anna nicole and marry a rich old woman and 
move to the carribean.  i think i could quit work and become some old blue 
hair's boy toy.  i would only be a couple of years.  i would probably be able 
to get a girlfriend on the side who is more my age.  all i would really have 
to do is get on a different sleeping schedule than her and i could totally 
avoid her.  fuck working.  i don't want to use my mind.  i think that is what 
i am going to work on this weekend.  i can go volunteer at some old person 
place and find a honey.  sounds like a plan.  talk to you later.
is excel (psco) going bankrupt?  have you heard anything about that?
she lies
i don't think i can make it b/c we have a west desk dinner that night.
there was nothing but blue hairs there.  all the chicks were lying about 
their age.  i needed to escape that place.  my hair looks great today.
they are getting tighter.  my new diet seems to be working.  i need to drink 
more water so my skin will get smoother 
thanks.  i might check it  out.
Here are the prices.  Let me know if you need any other points.
sure. i will give you a call before i pick you up.
how much does the league cost for softball
i don't know what time i will be back.  i need to do cardio after work and 
then eat.  you still up for golf sat?  i will get the tee time tomorrow 
i have a tee time for 5 on sat @ 12:07 if you want to play.  the tee time is 
at herman golf course.  let me know today if you want in.
i don't think we bet, but i will give you the benefit of the doubt.  since 
florida won that makes us even.  here is the math:
you owe me 50
i owe you 50
net = 0
florida's math dept. must not have been that stellar.  so you and max are 
buying a house together?  that is good to hear.  i don't know what i am doing 
for thanksgiving.  one of my buddies from school is getting married that 
weekend and i might just go to that.  what else is new in denver?  you still 
selling drugs?  so who is going to be the bread winner, you or max?  i have 
been meeting some girls.  a lot of cougars.  cougars make me laugh b/c they 
think they are a hot commodity or something.  where are you and max going to 
buy?  does he still like the 5 points area?  that isn't exactly mayberry well practice your math and keep in touch.
i have a dinner to go to
i was having my toenails buffed, but i watched it.  i am heading downtown sat
are you in love?  what is his last name? claven?
well i am glad you are happy.  how is work.  i have been getting my ass 
kicked lately.
i work out at the met.  i am trying to turn into an adonous.  i need to do 
more sit ups, eat more chicken, and drink more water 
you guys want to do this?  i will play.
i wanna be a gooder speller.
i got a tee time sat at 10 am.  the course is cypresswood.  let me know if 
you are in or out.
how is everything going?  did you have fun in denver?  how about the 
cornhuskers.  they seem to be getting by barely.  it should be interesting as 
they play better teams.  have you been golfing?  i haven't golfed in a long 
time, but  i am going saturday.  i am also going to california next week and 
will golf there.  give me a call this weekend if you get a chance.
i thought i heard something but i wasn't sure.  i just didn't buy it.  how is 
everything going?
let's try that new place main station tomorrow night instead of kinneally's it is a block from the dog house.
i have to work through the 26th of dec.  i can start vacation on the 27th.  i 
think that is the day you said you wanted to head to cancun.  let me know 
when you get a chance.
here is a good excuse to get out of that concert:  lsu football game at 7 you don't need to mention to them that we are going to tear up downtown 
afterwards.  no holds barred is the motto this weekend 
i have to be here on the 26th.  i don't think we get that day off.  if we do 
have the day off  i can do whatever.  they guy i trade the northwest is going 
to be out of town, that is why i have to be here.
i will check the vacation schedule.  i don't know if i have the 26th or the 
24th off.  i will find out today.
you got to make her forget that dude.  your money 
val.generes@ac.com on 10/16/2000 07:05:37 AM
Andersen Consulting
Customer Relationship Management
William J. Benitez, Houston, (713) 83 / 73160
10/12/2000 10:29 AM CDT
This is pretty sweet...what a resemblance.
-BB
(See attached file: Mack N Rosco.jpg)
- Mack N Rosco.jpg
we went out too late.  there were enormous lines to get into each place.  it 
sucked.  we need to get there earlier.   i might not be able to play tomorrow 
night.
she cannot play on the team now.  she coaches or something like that.  i 
don't think bryan will be at the game either.  lisa should be there.
i might be able to make it.  i will know tomorrow.  are you in town this 
weekend.
why?  doesn't soy clean the pipes?
are you in if it doesn't?
are you staying in town this weekend 
so are you going to get that car?
that is scary 
that is just gross
i should be at the game tomorrow night.
looks like she is going to play
Roy_Dealy@veritasdgc.com on 10/16/2000 03:48:54 PM
I'm sure Matt or Lisa can provide guidance for you.  If not, here is a
map 
(See attached file: Sportsplex Map.gif)(See attached file: Sportsplex
Map-overview.gif)
See you out there,
Roy
Veritas will have a new office location effective October 16th:
10300 Town Park, Houston, TX 77072
Tel - 832-351-8515
Fax - 832-351-8744
Kendra.Dromgoole
I will most likely play if I can find someone I can follow after work.
- Sportsplex Map.gif
- Sportsplex Map-overview.gif
i am in for the happy hour
check this out.  it is a beau rivage special
double or nothing means  if  i win you pay me 100  and if i lose we are 
flat.  do you remember you lost $50 to me on jan 1?  your math is bad.  our 
bet isn't if i win you owe me $100 and if you win i owe you $100.  that 
doesn't make sense.    you need to stop sniffing the glue.  how is the house 
hunting going?  so are you and max going 50/50?  i haven't met all cougars i met a little hottie who is an education major.  she is still in school.  i 
am going young so when i get married i wont have to turn her in as early cougars don't have a long marriage expectancy if you marry someone who wants 
to trade you in when you are really old for a younger model.  geaux tigers.
sounds good.
what is up party girl?  i heard you are quite the dirty dancer 
are you playing softball tonight?
what field are we on tonight?
i will just meet you there
good one
1212 fairview #a
houston 77006
check this out it is pretty funny
Paul T Lucci@
10/17/2000 12:36 PM
Sent by: Paul T Lucci@
FT  
- rabbit.exe
do you get in on it?
jeff skilling was walking by when i opened it
Paul T Lucci@
10/17/2000 12:36 PM
Sent by: Paul T Lucci@
FT  
- rabbit.exe
12:05 at herman
why did they cancel it
how does this work
Christa Winfrey
10/18/2000 09:38 AM
do you know who the winner is?  i bet you want to go out with him b/c he has 
a new truck & boat.
yeah.  nothing turns me on like a woman in a truck.  does she have rebel flag 
stickers on the truck and calvin peeing on a ford symbol sticker?
there is chinese food up here.  i think i am going to run down to the 
delivery van and free the dogs out of the back.
i heard you were throwing a huge halloween party.
i don't understand your rationale in this bet.  i was up $50 going into our 
bet, you were down $50.  for me to now be down $100 is a $150 swing.  why 
would i risk $150 vs. you risking $50?  florida's math dept. is lousy.  when 
are you and max going to vegas?  i just got back in town from monterrey, ca it was another boondoggle for work.  here is a stock tip for you: pxlw check it out.  also ene.  very strong long term.
Ross Berthelot  Please respond to rossberthelot@home.com