I am impressed!  Anybody who can drink a pitcher of beer that fast is OK in
 my book.  I hope you didn't operate any heavy machinery afterwards.  I
 guess you won't be at this email address for awhile.  Keep in touch and
 give me call if you get a chance when you settle down in Katy.  Bye!
Attached for are the confirms to be added to the Gallup Enfolio Agreement for 
the incremental volumes to be delivered by TW to the LLC.  Please let me know 
if you have any questions.
Thanks for the quick turnaround!
Here it is.       dedeutsch@duke-energy.com
Janel Guerrero@
05/12/2000 12:52 PM
Hi.  Will you send me "Movieline Dave's" email address?  I'm trying to put 
together a happy hour for next week and I want to include him so he and Lara 
can meet.  (Although I don't think the two of them are really going to dig 
each other very much).  Oh well, it's a good excuse to drink 
thanks.
Ken,  Can you email me the particulars on Ted so we can put a consulting 
agreement into place with him.  I need the following information:
Full Name
Address
Pay rate (Hourly/Daily+Expenses?)
I think that's all for now.  Thanks.
Susan,  Attached is the letter with slight revisions I mentioned on your 
phone mail.  Let me know if you have any questions.
Attached is my changes redlined against your latest version.
Mark,  I joined the foundation today and should be in the system.  Let me 
know if there is anything else you need 
Thanks for your help.
Gerald Nemec
Movie sounds pretty cool.  When is the official release date?
Eric Gillaspie
05/15/2000 01:40 PM
Coens hit most notes in ``Brother''
O Brother, Where Art Thou? (Southern comedy-drama, color, PG-13, 1:46) 
By Todd McCarthy, Daily Variety Chief Film Critic 
CANNES (Variety) - A musically tinged riff on ``The Odyssey'' set in the 
Depression-era Deep South, ``O Brother, Where Art Thou?'' is a charming, if 
lightweight, Coen brothers escapade flecked by plenty of visual and 
performance grace notes. 
Picaresque tale of three cons in flight from life on a chain gang is more 
memorable for its fantastic moments than for its somewhat insubstantial 
cumulative impact, which will likely translate into just OK box office 
results come domestic release in the fall. 
While the film's epigraph and inspiration come from Homer, its title derives 
from Preston Sturges' film-biz classic ``Sullivan's Travels,'' in which the 
successful director played by Joel McCrea wants to abandon comedy to make a 
socially conscious drama about the Human Condition called ``O Brother, Where 
Art Thou?'' Despite appropriating the handle, the Coens aren't about to fall 
into the trap of pretentiousness themselves, crafting instead a seriocomedy 
that makes a fanciful tour of an Old Mississippi in which kismet and good 
bluegrass music prevail over racism and criminality. 
Working with their customary tonal precision and immaculate craftsmanship, 
the Coens release into the wilds three escaped criminals, with the leader, 
Everett Ulysses McGill (George Clooney), telling his cronies Pete (John 
Turturro) and Delmar (Tim Blake Nelson) that he knows where $1.2 million is 
buried. The first person they encounter, however, a blind black man driving a 
railway handcar, warns them that they will find treasure out there, but not 
the treasure they're seeking. 
A preening fancy man obsessively concerned with securing the right pomade for 
his coiffure and given to highfalutin phraseology (''It's a fool who looks 
for logic in the chambers of the human heart,'' he advises), Everett stands 
by as his buddies are cleansed of their sins in a mass river baptism. Picking 
up a young black musician, Tommy Johnson (Chris Thomas King), on the road, 
the fellows wander into an isolated radio station/recording studio and, 
posing as a group called the Soggy Bottom Boys, cut a lively tune and are 
paid a few bills for their efforts. They then take off again and remain 
oblivious to the fact that the record becomes a huge hit. 
One eventful encounter follows another as the boys make their way across the 
lushly verdant landscapes, which have been photographed by Roger Deakins in 
slightly washed-out and burnished hues that are a constant delight. They hook 
up for a bank robbery with gleeful adrenaline freak George Nelson (a 
wonderfully live-wired Michael Badalucco), who hates his nickname, Babyface, 
and goes into a huge post-crime funk. 
In a humorously lyrical sequence that represents a magical synthesis of 
visuals, performance and music, the boys come upon three ``sirens'' who 
seduce them in a watery glade; when Pete disappears thereafter, the dense 
Delmar presumes that his friend has been turned into a toad, which he 
proceeds to carry around in a shoebox until a predatory one-eyed salesman for 
the word of God (a Cyclops-like John Goodman) squeezes the critter to death 
while beating the other two silly. 
Pete eventually turns up again, only to become perturbed when Everett reveals 
that his real goal, rather than the nonexistent treasure, is to reunite with 
the mother of his seven daughters, Penny (Holly Hunter), who is about to 
marry another fellow. In the course of things, the errant adventurers brush 
up against local politics, a governor's race that pits old incumbent Pappy 
O'Daniel (Charles Durning) against a reform candidate whose motto, ``Friend 
of the Little Man,'' is literally represented by a broom-toting dwarf who 
accompanies him at every campaign stop. 
After slipping in a quiet homage to ``Sullivan's Travels'' in which members 
of a chain gang are given a little recreation at a ``picture show,'' the 
Coens deliver one of their major set pieces, a stupendously choreographed Ku 
Klux Klan rally that is disrupted by the boys in a fashion that slyly evokes 
the invasion of the Wicked Witch's castle by Dorothy's friends in ``The 
Wizard of Oz'' Raucous, the-devil-gets-his-due musical climax is fun (and 
given a big charge by Durning in a splendid, performance-capping turn), but 
is also rather too fairy-tale-ish and too-good-to-be-true to truly satisfy, 
leaving this an ``Odyssey'' without full closure. 
Lack of irony and complexity in the wrap-up may be a shortcoming, but it also 
points up the welcome absence of condescension and ridicule in the film's 
portrait of dimwits, con men, rednecks and country folk. Most of the 
characters, including the three leads, may be dumb, misguided and delusional, 
but they are also engaging and straightforward, to be enjoyed for the 
colorful oddballs that they are. 
Not for the first time recalling Clark Gable in his looks and line delivery, 
Clooney clearly delights in embellishing Everett's vanity and in delivering 
the Coens' carefully calibrated, high-toned dialogue. Turturro and Nelson (a 
character actor who directed the 1997 indie ``Eye of God'' and the upcoming 
``Othello'' update ``O'') are a real dumb-and-dumber combo without veering 
into slapstick, while supporting cast reflects the typical Coen richness, 
from Durning and well-known regulars Goodman and Hunter through Stephen Root 
as the blind recording entrepreneur, musician King as the boys' sometime 
collaborator and Daniel Von Bargen as a relentless sheriff who pursues the 
escapees to the bitter end. 
Not as elaborate as ``The Hudsucker Proxy'' or ``The Big Lebowski'' pic is 
nonetheless a modest technical marvel in which Deakins' splendid camerawork 
blends seamlessly with Dennis Gassner's evocative production design, Mary 
Zophres' imaginative costumes and some special and digital effects that are 
all but imperceptible as such (watch for that cow). Delta blues music, a 
combo of T Bone Burnett and pre-existing tunes, is another major plus. 
Everett Ulysses McGill .. George Clooney 
Pete .................... John Turturro 
Delmar .................. Tim Blake Nelson 
Pappy O'Daniel .......... Charles Durning 
Big Dan Teague .......... John Goodman 
George Nelson ........... Michael Badalucco 
Penny ................... Holly Hunter 
Radio Station Man ....... Stephen Root 
Tommy Johnson ........... Chris Thomas King 
Homer Stokes ............ Wayne Duvall 
Sheriff Cooley .......... Daniel Von Bargen 
Pappy's Staff ........... J.R. Horne, Brian Reddy 
Wash Hogwallop .......... Frank Collison 
Vernon T. Waldrip ....... Ray McKinnon 
Junior O'Daniel ......... Del Pentecost
Eric Gillaspie
713-345-7667
Enron Building 3886
Pat,  Could you please print the attached docs for me and also save them in 
my directory under the Generation Barges folder.  Thanks.
Scott A Monson
05/15/2000 05:22 PM
Gerald:
All the following are working documents since we have no executed agreement 
with LIPA or any other entity at this stage.
Here is the LD information from the PPA: 
Here's the force majeure section:
Here's our initial permit working document parts of which may be directed to 
EE&CC. For now assume the entire list is our responsibility.
Here's an initial cut at scope and a draft materials list:
Utility coordination is a bit of a mixed bag because we have to work with 
LIPA on transmission issues and KeySpan on site access and demineralized 
water supply issues. KeySpan is also LIPA's contractor for transmission 
operations. We are hoping to structure a management services agreement with 
KeySpan where they would provide mooring space, interconnections for water 
and power as well as operation and maintenance services.
Let me know what else you need. I'll keep you updated as we move closer to 
agreement with LIPA/KeySpan. 
Scott Monson
Gerald Nemec
05/03/2000 04:53 PM
Attached is a draft of the turnkey construction contract for your review 
Ron,  As we discussed, Exhibit A - Scope of Work will need to be included Please note the following points:
1.  Liquidated Damages - Need to assess a value for these damages.
2.  Force Majeure - This would currently provide EE&CC with relief from the 
In-Service Date requirements and consequently, the LDs.  Is this acceptable?
3.  Permitting - Need to specify in Exhibit F, those permits that ENA would 
secure, and make EE&CC responsible for any others.
4.  Utility Coordination - Currently this is very generally.  Are there 
specific responsibilities that should be stated in this Agreement wrt the 
Utility?
Please review with these in mind.  I will be out tommorrow and Friday.  Let's 
plan on meeting Monday to discuss the draft 
I will get something to you within the next couple of days.  Should be a 
straightforward letter agreement 
Eric,  Let's discuss in the morning.
Candace L Bywaters
05/16/2000 08:41 AM
Please advise as to the status of the agreement I requested you draft for 
me.  Specifically, I seek a reimbursement agreement with HPL as payee and ENA 
as payor whereby HPL will be kept whole on its costs to install the Lockhart 
meter for Southern Union.  We are currently awaiting the final word from El 
Paso to determine if they elect to participate in this meter as is allowed 
them under the JV Agreement., so the reimbursement amount will either be 
HPL's full share of $44,000 or half of that amount, as you know from the 
Lockhart Agreement in which you participated.
Please let me know where you are on this.
Thanks, Gerald!
Candy
Big 12 leads recruiting charge	
?	By Bill Hodge
FANSonly.com
Dominating the 1999-2000 college basketball recruiting season, the Big 12 has 
five teams in the top 15 men's classes following the late signing period. 
Search for signings 
The spring signing period ran from April 12 to May 15. Use FANSonly.com's 
databases to find all the signings for your favorite school. 
Men's database search 
Women's database search. 
Oklahoma, Oklahoma State, Texas, Missouri and Iowa State all had outstanding 
recruiting campaigns. 
Overall results are pending as signed scholarships continue to arrive 
following the final signing day on May 15. Financial aid agreements (binding 
schools, but not athletes) may still be signed. Eligibility problems are 
common and will affect final rankings as well. 
Iowa, Indiana and Michigan State head up the top of the Big Ten, while 
Connecticut, Seton Hall and St. John's collected impressive classes in the 
Big East. North Carolina headed the ACC and Cincinnati topped Conference-USA, 
while Memphis, under new head coach John Calipari, finished strong. Alabama 
leads the SEC. 
If you're looking for pure size, 7-foot-6 center Neil Fingleton, a native of 
England who attended Worchester-Holy Name Central Catholic, Mass., signed 
with North Carolina. Curtis Johnson, a 7-4 center from Norfolk-Ryan Academy, 
Va., is set for St. John's. However, neither will play early roles. 
1. Connecticut
F Caron Butler,6-7, Pittsfield-Maine Central Institute, Maine
G Taliek Brown, 6-1, Astoria-St. John's Prep, N.Y.
F Scott Hazelton, 6-8, Lawrence-Central Catholic, Mass.
F Johnnie Selvie, 6-7, Flint, Mich/Southeastern CC, Iowa
G Robert Swain, 6-4, College Park-Tri-Cities, Ga. 
The Huskies have an outstanding class, adding a top junior college player in 
Selvie, plus Swain during the spring. Coach Jim Calhoun had to worry about 
signing Butler, the top prep school prospect in the nation, at the last 
minute over UNLV. Brown and Hazelton are both McDonald's All-Americans and 
potential stars, but all attempts by the UConn staff of signing a big man 
failed. Brown is physical and a scorer. Hazleton is a smooth wing player. 
2. Seton Hall
F Eddie Griffin, 6-8, Philadelphia-Roman Catholic, Pa.
G Andre Barrett, 5-8, Manhattan-Rice, N.Y.
G Marcus Toney-El, 6-6, West Orange-Seton Hall Prep, N.J.
F Damion Fray, 6-8, Huntington Station-Whitman, N.Y. 
Coach Tommy Amaker has this program on the way up and added three Top 50 
players in Griffin (considered by many as the top prospect in nation Barrett and Toney-El. All three should step into the starting lineup or find 
extensive playing time off the bench. 
3. Oklahoma
F James Wright, 6-6, Winchendon School, Mass.
F Johnnie Gilbert, 6-7, Minneapolis-Patrick Henry, Minn.
F Aaron McGhee, 6-8, Vincenness JC, Ind.
F Daryan Selvy, 6-6, Carl Albert JC, Okla.
C Ronnie Griffin, 6-9, Tallahassee CC, Fla.
G Blake Johnston, 6-1, Midland, Texas
F Joszef Szendrei, 6-9, Northeastern JC, Colo. 
Coach Kelvin Sampson landed athletes who can run and rebound with power. 
McGhee and Selvy are first-team junior college All-American forwards and both 
Griffin and Szendrei are very strong inside. Wright and Gilbert were highly 
rated preps. 
4. Oklahoma State
F David Anderson, 6-8, Hargrave Military Academy, Va.
G/F Terrence Crawford, 6-6, Oklahoma City-Bishop McGuinness, Okla.
G Ellis Kidd, 6-5, Dallas-Madison, Texas
C Jack Marlow, 6-11, Tulsa-Union, Okla.
F Ivan McFarlin, 6-7, Sugar Land-Willowridge, Texas
G Maurice Baker, 6-1, Dixie JC, Utah
G Melvin Sanders, 6-5, Seward CC, Kan. 
Coach Eddie Sutton is very high on Sanders, McFarlin and Crawford. Marlow 
weighs 285 pounds. Kidd can light it up and Anderson is very quick for 6-8. 
Baker and Sanders were Spring additions and can score. 
5. Iowa
C Jared Reiner, 6-11, Tripp-Delmont, S.D.
F Glen Worley, 6-8, Iowa City-West, Iowa
G Brody Boyd, 5-10, Dugger-Union, Ind.
F Courtney Scott, 6-6, Lansing-Waverly, Mich.
F Sean Sonderleiter, 6-9, Des Moines-Christian, Iowa
F Reggie Evans, 6-8, Pensacola-Woodham, Fla/Coffeyville CC, Kan. 
Guard Luke Recker and guard Ryan Hogan, both redshirt transfers, also join 
the Hawkeyes. This is one of the top Hawkeye classes ever, as coach Steve 
Alford signed a highly rated center in Reiner (who passed on UConn and 
Kansas), a top forward in Worley and an unbelievable shooter in Boyd. Evans 
is considered a top junior college prospect at power forward and Hogan played 
at Kentucky before transferring. The huge prize is Recker, who transferred to 
Arizona from Indiana and then moved to Iowa in order to be nearer his family 
and girlfriend, who was seriously injured in a car accident. After an appeal, 
the NCAA allowed eligibility this fall. Recker averaged 16 points as a 
sophomore for the Hoosiers and was third-team all-Big Ten. The Hawkeyes 
already have a junior committment from one of the top guards in the nation, 
Pierre Pierce of Westmont, Ill. 
6. St. John's
G Omar Cook, 6-1, Middle Village-Christ the King, N.Y.
F Kyle Cuffe, 6-8, Manhattan-Rice, N.Y.
C Mohammed Diakite, 6-11, Rockville-Montrose Christian Academy, Md.
G Willie Shaw, 6-6, Bronx-Stevenson, N.Y.
C Curtis Johnson, 7-4, Norfolk-Ryan Academy, Va. 
Forward Alpha Bangura and center Abe Keita are coming off redshirt years, 
which makes coach Mike Jarvis' list of fresh faces even bigger. Jarvis had 
corralled a super class, perhaps best in the nation, but the key was F Darius 
Miles, 6-9, East St. Louis, Ill. A do-everything player generally rated among 
the top three prospects in the country, Miles turned to the NBA rather than 
attend St. John's. Without him, this group tumbles a few notches from their 
No. 1 ranking after the early signing period. Cook is dynamic and Diakite 
could the Red Storm's best center in years. Both have great basketball bodies 
and athleticism. Johnson was a late addition and is considered a project. F 
Eric King, 6-7, Brooklyn-Lincoln, NY., had entrance problems. 
7. Cincinnati
F Jamaal Davis, 6-8, Purdue/Barton County CC, Kan.
F Rod Flowers, 6-8, Huntsville, Ala.
G Field Williams, 6-3, Houston-Waltrip, Texas
F Antwan Jones, 6-8, Tallahassee CC, Fla.
G Immanuel McElroy, 6-4, Tyler JC, Tex. 
Reloading, the Bearcats have a great class with junior college standouts 
Jones, McElroy and Davis. Davis played at Purdue before transferring. Flowers 
and Williams are promising. National-quality guard/forward Jerome Harper of 
Columbia, S.C., had his letter withdrawn due to off-court/entrance problems 
and will attend junior college. 
8. Texas
G/F Brandon Mouton, 6-5, Lafayette-St. Thomas More, La.
C/F Brian Boddicker, 6-9, Duncanville, Texas
C Jason Klotz, 6-11, Houston-Klein Forest, Texas
F James Thomas, 6-8, Hargrave Military Academy, Va.
G Fredie Williams, 6-2, Mississippi Delta CC, Miss.
G Royal Ivey, 6-3, Blairstown, N.J. 
This group, powered by big men wanting to play for coach Rick Barnes, is one 
of the nation's best. Thomas is tough and Boddicker was rated the best 
propect in the state. Both should get playing time with the departure of 
center Chris Mihm to the NBA. Purdue wanted Mouton badly, as he is a major 
offensive threat. Other keys are Ivey, Williams and Klotz. 
9. Indiana
F Jared Jeffries, 6-10, Bloomington-North, Ind.
F/G A.J. Moye, 6-5, Atlanta-Westlake, Ga.
G Andre Owens, 6-3, Indianapolis-Meridian, Ind.
F Mike Roberts, 6-8, New Hampton-Prep, N.H. 
Coach Bob Knight and the Hoosiers shocked Duke by signing Jeffries, one of 
the best forwards in the nation, and all four prospects are top quality. Moye 
is a physical player and suited for the Big Ten wars, and Owens and Roberts 
are very tough. Jeffries, a huge believer in Knight, threatened to transfer 
if the veteran coach had been fired. 
10. Michigan State
G Marcus Taylor, 6-3, Lansing-Waverly, Mich.
F Zach Randolph, 6-8, Marion, Ind. 
Spartan followers can't complain about a class with the top guard and 
center/forward in the nation. Higher-rated schools just had more prospects. 
Taylor is outstanding and should see time early. Randolph, still not 
qualified, is a widebody who dominated prep all-star play and could be the 
Spartans' best post player in recent years 
Please see the attached.  I am still trying to obtain the DOE reports for 
Canada from Juanita Marchand for Question #19 of the Pan Alberta.  Any help 
you could give me there would be greatly appreciated.
Brian,  Do you know how quick D&B would have data entered into this system We need to move this as fast as possible.
One of the contract administrators in my group was not able to find the DUNS 
number you provided in the D&B database online.  I am not sure how quickly 
updates are made to their database.  Are you aware when this number was 
issued?  I will put in a request to inquire again at the beginning of next 
week.  If you have any questions in the meantime, please feel free to give me 
a call.  Thanks.
Gerald Nemec@ECT
06/18/99 10:54 AM
Elizabeth,  The Duns number for Enron Compression Services Company is 
072773547.   I will be completing the Agency Agreement this afternoon and 
will forward to you.  Also I faxed the corporate data sheet for the company 
to you yesterday.  Let me know if you need anything else.  Thanks for your 
help.
Couple of Coca-colas?
Janel Guerrero@
05/17/2000 11:40 AM
Drink with your friends.
Thursday, May 18th
5:30 pm State Bar Patio
If we left someone out -- it's for a reason.......(kidding -- friends and 
lovers are welcome).
Here are the revised responses with your suggested changes.
Attached are the reports to be attached for #20 of the Pan Alberta Request Please note that there are  3 sheets in each files which report different 
volumes.  I also removed all pricing information from the reports.  One 
report for each quarter of 1999.   Please let me know if you have any 
questions.
Becky,  Attached are the revised responses per your voice mail.  Let me know 
if you need anything else.
Bruce,  Attached is the information for the property settlement.  Sorry, it 
took so long.  I am still missing Lisa's vehicle VIN # and Loan information 
for that vehicle.  We can fill that in after we review the paperwork you have 
drafted.
Gerald's Car
VIN # - 4T1SK12E4PU288881
Loan on Gerald's Car 
Loan #1221609900 with USAA
House Description
1403 Banks
Houston, TX 77006
House Loan
Washington Mutual 
Loan # 7019479976
Stock Options to be transferred to Lisa from Gerald
626 Options at Grant Price of $15.25 per share
268 Options at Grant Price of $22.25 per share
Let me know if you need anything else.  I think we are ready to review the 
doc as soons as you get done.  Thanks.
Were you able to confirm that they received our Fedex?
Rebecca W Cantrell
05/22/2000 12:23 PM
FYI.  I don't think our contribution is included, since I sent it to Doug 
John.
Attached is final data request reponses by John Brickhill.
Jim
- JAB Data Request Responses - ALL.pdf
Bruce,  Attached is the information for the property settlement.  Sorry, it 
took so long.  I am still missing Lisa's vehicle VIN # and Loan information 
for that vehicle.  We can fill that in after we review the paperwork you have 
drafted.
Gerald's Car
VIN # - 4T1SK12E4PU288881
Loan on Gerald's Car 
Loan #1221609900 with USAA
House Description
1403 Banks
Houston, TX 77006
House Loan
Washington Mutual 
Loan # 7019479976
Stock Options to be transferred to Lisa from Gerald
626 Options at Grant Price of $15.25 per share
268 Options at Grant Price of $22.25 per share
Let me know if you need anything else.  I think we are ready to review the 
doc as soons as you get done.  Thanks.
Chris,  My comments are as follows:
1.    The term (Article 4) was revised from the previous draft (month to 
month) to now being a definitive term with no evergreen provision.  Is this acceptable commerically?  Should we add an evergreen provision on to the end 
of the current definitive term?
2.  Section  9.9 - Doesn't give a time frame for this approval process Hattiesburg has no obligations under this agreement until this approval 
occurs.   What if it doesn't occur for 3 years?  Need either (i) ability to 
walk away from this agreement if not done by date certain, or (ii) assurances 
from   Hattiesburg that this is a short process or has already been 
accomplished.
3.  Definition 1.2 in the GTC of "day".  Does this day match the gas day for 
the interstate pipelines?  If not will this cause problems in scheduling. 
4.  General Comment:  Does this interruptible agreement provide the level of 
service that this power plant will commercially   require?  Hattiesburg can 
interrupt service at any time at  its discretion and furthermore, never 
provide service under this   agreement by indicating to Caledonia that its 
storage capacity is full with other storage committments.  Does this work?
Chris Meyer
05/19/2000 12:49 PM
Attached below is a revised copy of the Hattiesburg storage contract.  Please 
review and comment ASAP.
chris
x31666
- Caledonia Hattiesburg Storage1.doc
Ken,  Attached is the form of services agreement for Ted Huss.  In the 
interest of time, you can print out two executables for Ted's signature and 
then return to me for initialling for Brian's signature.  Let me know if you 
have any questions.
Let's talk about this one also when you get a chance.
Candace L Bywaters
05/23/2000 06:19 AM
Gerald, please effect the change that Steve indicates he wants and forward 
the revised document to me for his execution in two executable originals, 
initialled off by yourself, when this is accomplished.
Thanks 
Steve HPL Schneider
05/22/2000 12:50 PM
I would structure the agreement as an absolute obligation by ENA to pay the 
full amount, as that is what they have committed.  Our arrangement with Tejas 
is outside this agreement and should be handled separately.  Make that change 
and let's execute.  Call Janet Wallis to determine the ENA person to execute.
Candace L Bywaters
05/22/2000 08:09 AM
Please review the enclosed document.  I find it satisfactory, especially in 
light that it allows that "up to $44,780" will be reimbursed by ENA to HPL, 
since we're still awaiting word from Tejas as to whether or not they will 
participate.
If this looks fine to you, please advise and I will have two originals 
presented to you for your execution.  Who would you think would be the 
appropriate executor for ENA?
Thanks!
Eric Gillaspie
05/18/2000 02:32 PM
Gerald & Candy,
Per your instructions the Draft Reimbursement Letter Agreement between HPL 
and ENA.
Eric Gillaspie
713-345-7667
Enron Building 3886
Gerald Nemec
05/16/2000 05:39 PM
I will get something to you within the next couple of days.  Should be a 
straightforward letter agreement 
Eric,  Let's discuss in the morning.
Candace L Bywaters
05/16/2000 08:41 AM
Please advise as to the status of the agreement I requested you draft for 
me.  Specifically, I seek a reimbursement agreement with HPL as payee and ENA 
as payor whereby HPL will be kept whole on its costs to install the Lockhart 
meter for Southern Union.  We are currently awaiting the final word from El 
Paso to determine if they elect to participate in this meter as is allowed 
them under the JV Agreement., so the reimbursement amount will either be 
HPL's full share of $44,000 or half of that amount, as you know from the 
Lockhart Agreement in which you participated.
Please let me know where you are on this.
Thanks, Gerald!
Candy
Attached is the revised Schedule I to the Bisti Compression Services 
Agreement Amendment.  Please replace the existing Exhibit with this one.  If 
you have any questions, please call me at x-33512.  Thanks for your all help 
in getting these done timely.
GT,
How is it going brother?  Got that house finished yet?    Wanted to see if 
you were going to be in town for the Memorial Day weekend.  I was kicking 
around the idea of doing some tubing and maybe stopping by Austion for a 
night to chase some good looking Austin women.  Drop me a line.
Could you get with Candy on this and provide her what she needs.  Let me know 
if you need any help.  Thanks.
Candace L Bywaters
05/17/2000 09:35 AM
Gerald, I am pursuing a narrow window for collection of moneys due and owing 
Intratex by Citgo.  I am required to provide information about the company 
status of Intratex, and if it is dissolved as I believe it to be I am to 
provide a copy of its dissolution papers.
I had made this request of Ann Elizabeth but realize she is overwhelmed with 
requests.  Could you possible get that information to me instead?
I would appreciate it!  Thanks!
Candy
Mary,  Here is another one from Candy.  Might want to check with AEW to make 
sure she hasn't taken care of this already.  Thanks for your help.
Candace L Bywaters
05/18/2000 07:55 AM
Along the same lines as my previous request for Intratex's company 
dissolution, I would like to verify the status of HPL Resources Company and, 
if it is also dissolved, would request a copy of the dissolution.
I am making filings to the State's Comptroller's office for payment of 
suspensed moneys and the form requires this type of information and 
documentation.
Thanks, and would appreciate this information at your earliest convenience.
Candy
I am trying to compare the CA1 doc with the CA doc.   Thanks for your help.
GT,
Congratulations on the engagement!  Hate to see a good man go down, but it 
happens to the best of us.  Sounds like things are going really well for 
you.  When is the wedding?  Sounds like there are a lot of wedding bells in 
the Townsend family these days.
With respect to the weekend; change of plans.  I will be staying in Houston 
this weekend.  However, the following weekend myself and the red-faced Eric 
and possibly his wife want to come to Austin to hang out.  Are you around 
that weekend and could you handle 3 people crashing at your place.  If its a 
problem let me know.
"Townsend, George"  	05/24/2000 02:03 PM
G,
I will be in town this weekend but my sister is getting married Saturday so
I will be tied up until late Saturday night. Does that fit your schedule.
Also, I am now an engaged man. Heather and I are super happy but don't
worry, that does not change things buddy. I am going to need all the male
bonding I can get. Heather is going to Spring on Sunday so I have Sunday and
Monday totally free.
Let me know
GT
Attached is a revised construction agreement (redlined version) incorporating 
the changes we discussed.  I have not changed either the liquidated damages 
or force majeure provisions at this point.  Ron, you indicated in your voice 
mail that you wanted to wait until things firmed up a bit more with respect 
to those provisions.  Please review and let me know if you have any questions.
Not sure if we should forward to EE&CC at this point yet, given the 
uncertainty on the two provisions.  What are your thoughts?  Thanks
Heidi,  I have reviewed the contracts and the amendments and the following is 
their status:
1.  Contract Number 96006959 (012-41991-02-004)  Amended April 1, 1999
Term:  Month to Month and may be terminated by either party with 10 days 
written notice prior to end of the month (But see rate section below)
Rate:  Agreement was amended on April 1, 1999 to put a flat rate of $0.085 
for all receipts at Thompsonville (Meter #6351) through March 31,   2006 
(This language would override the month to month term)  No other Points of 
Receipt are allowed under this contract.
Note:  Prior to the Amendment on April 1, 1999, the $0.01 fee escalator was 
still in effect for any volumes moved under this contract prior to the Amendment.  If the escalator wasn't assessed during that time, it should have 
been.  This escalator would have applied to all receipts and    fees on the 
original Exhibit A to the contract. 
2.  Contract Number 96006966 (012-41991-02-003)  Amended April 1, 1999
Term:  In effect through March 31, 2006
Rate:  Those set forth on Exhibit A as amended on April1, 1999 for the 
terms set forth on Exhibit A.
Let me know if you have any questions concerning the above summary 
Brad,  Can you give me a status on where you are at with the review of the 
Lease Docs for the MEGS Facilities? I forward those documents about a month 
back.
Gerald Nemec
Greg,  Have you had a chance to review this document yet?  Any comments?
Gerald Nemec
04/26/2000 02:25 PM
Greg,  Attached is the document we discussed.  Please review.  Mariner is a 
party to this agreement since Mariner is performing all operations and 
maintence functions for the MEGS assets and this is consistent with the 
Operation and Maintance Agreement between Mariner and MEGS.  Please call me 
at (713) 853-3512 with questions.
Bruce,  The legal description for my house is as follows:
Lot 27 Ranch Estates, an addition in Harris County, Texas according to the 
map or plat thereof recorded in Volume 22, Page 68 of the Map Records of 
Harris County, Texas.
Thanks
Our risk manager has reviewed the insurance requirements.  His only comment 
concerned the Owner's/Contractor's Protective Liability Insurace requirement 
on the bottom of the first page of Exhibit E.  He thinks this is unnecessary 
as we have adequate coverage under the General Liability and Excess Umbrella 
Liability.  Since this cost is likely to be passed on to us, we should waive 
this insurance requirement 
Everything else is OK from our perspective.  Let me know if you need any 
further information or have any questions.
Here is the link to the Enchantment Resort.
Rude-Dog,
How is it going out there brother?  Been keeping your sanity while living at 
home?  Things here are about the same.  Talked to your boy Tree the other 
day.  He had some interesting new developments in his love life.  Of course 
they were sordid and made me somewhat uncomfortable.  Well sort of. Your 
furniture is still almost completely intact.  The longer you stay out there, 
the better my chances of picking up some furniture real cheap.  Haven't seen 
that much of Janel lately.  She went out to Florida this weekend to convince 
a gay guy that the opposite sex is not icky after all.   Should make for some 
interesting stories when she returns.   Drop me a note when you get a 
chance.  Talk at you later.
G$
Check out the attached response from Marathon concerning our revisions.  I 
guess this is a new negotiation technique.  Just ignore the counterparty's 
concerns.  Let's discuss this before I call Brad back.  Thanks.
"Bradley G Penn"  	05/26/2000 10:00 AM
Attached are our response and ratification agreement.
BGP
>> "Gerald Nemec Brad,  Can you give me a status on where you are at with the review of the 
Lease
Docs for the MEGS Facilities? I forward those documents about a month back.
Gerald Nemec
Richard,  The attached resume is from an attorney who is a friend of an 
Associate here at Enron.  I had worked with the Associate before but don't 
know his friend.  I told the Associate that I wasn't sure of our hiring 
needs, but that I would pass the resume along.  Barbara indicated you were 
our recruiting coordinator.  So here it is.
- Resume~1.wpd
Lori,  Thanks for the diskettes.  The one disk did have the final version of 
the Agreements.  The other disk had earlier versions of the docs.   I will 
use the final versions to develop the amended and restated agreements Should have drafts for BR's review later this week.  Do you want these 
diskettes returned 
I talked to Shonnie about any amendments to the LLC and Capacity Allocation 
Agreements, and she wasn't aware of any.  I don't think those 2 agreements 
were revised unless you have other information.  Let me know.
Thanks, 
Gerald
"Lori Marlatt"  	05/22/2000 02:32 PM
Please respond to lmarlatt
Gerald:
I checked my computer and couldn't find any evidence of the files on my hard
drive; however, I did find two diskettes that, at first glance, appear to
contain the same documents, some of which look like they might be the
finals.  If you'll email your street address back to my assistant, April
Williams, at awilliams@br-inc.com, we can have the diskettes sent to you via
courier.  You can take a look at them and see if in fact they are identical
and have the information you need on them.  If you find them to be exactly
alike, just send one back to me for safekeeping here.
Thanks!
Lori
Lauri,  Per my voicemail, the attached docs outline the elements for 
comparable shippers in the RailRoad Commissions eyes.
Richard,  I wouldn't worry about a letter.  It was a very informal 
submittal.  I will let my Associate friend know.  Thanks.
Richard B Sanders
05/31/2000 05:42 AM
We have no interest. Do you think I need to write a rejection letter?
Gerald Nemec
05/30/2000 09:38 AM
Richard,  The attached resume is from an attorney who is a friend of an 
Associate here at Enron.  I had worked with the Associate before but don't 
know his friend.  I told the Associate that I wasn't sure of our hiring 
needs, but that I would pass the resume along.  Barbara indicated you were 
our recruiting coordinator.  So here it is.
- Resume~1.wpd
I have reviewed your response and disagree with the characterization of our 
modification the documents. I would like to clarify our reasons for the 
modifications to avoid any further miscommunications.
MEGS' alteration of the documents do not impair the protections afforded to 
Marathon under the Production Handling Agreement.  Our modifications were 
simply intended to allocate certain risks between MEGS and Mariner with 
respect to Marathon (as operator of the South Pass 89 B Platform) as such 
risks were intended to be allocated by MEGS and Mariner.  Mariner's transfer 
of interest in the flowline to MEGS introduces a new party which Marathon can 
look to for certain obligations with respect to the platform.  The 
alterations do not remove Mariner from its current role as operator and 
maintainer of the flowline and owner of the hydrocarbons.  For these reasons, 
I would disagree with your response that the draft alterations do not provide 
the intended protections that Marathon would expect absent such a transfer to 
MEGS.  Mariner still shoulders these risks and expenses under the Production 
Handling Agreement.
Having MEGS fully ratify the Production Handling Agreement  and becoming 
jointly and severally liable to Marathon is not appropriate.   MEGS does not 
hold title to any hydrocarbon production or operate the facilities and should 
not be liable for all risks and expenses associated therewith.  Mariner 
should continue to shoulder those risks and as before.
I would be happy to discuss your issues with our Platform Lease revisions at 
your convenience or to discuss the above further 
"Bradley G Penn"  	05/26/2000 10:00 AM
Attached are our response and ratification agreement.
BGP
>> "Gerald Nemec Brad,  Can you give me a status on where you are at with the review of the 
Lease
Docs for the MEGS Facilities? I forward those documents about a month back.
Gerald Nemec
I had actually called you before I had seen this email.  I wasn't involved in 
the NOx emissions deal.  I don't think legal was involved at all, at least 
from a Compression Services perspective.  Mark Courtney was the deal maker 
for Compression Services and I believe that John Scarborough, an analyst was 
also involved 
Let me know if you can do lunch tommorrow and I can tell you exactly how 
exciting my weekend was.  See ya.
Janel Guerrero@
05/31/2000 10:21 AM
Hi.  How was your weekend?  Did anything wild happen while I was away?  On 
another note....are you familiar with a NOx emissions deal between 
Compression Services and our emissions trading desk that was originated last 
year?  I need to talk with those who were involved so I'm nailing everybody Let me know. thanks
Attached is a clean and redlined version of the Capacity Allocation and 
Expansion Determination Agreement.  I will follow with the LLC and 
Administrative Manager Agreement, however those changes will  be minor.  The 
substance is in this Agreement.
GT 
Looks like I will be hitting town on Saturday morning.  Eric and his wife 
will be with me.   We will come by your house in the morning, probably around 
10 am or so to group up.  Let me know if everything is still a go for you 
this weekend.  I will probably need directions to your house again.  I don't 
remember how to get there from the last time 
G
"Townsend, George"  	05/25/2000 12:09 PM
G,
I AM IN TOWN THAT WEEKEND AND I HAVE ROOM. COME ON DOWN. LETS GO TUBING OR
SOMETHING. TALK TO YOU LATER.
GT
Please review.
Do you have any type of pro forma agreement that she refers to?
Candace L Bywaters
05/31/2000 05:38 PM
I have forwarded to you via one of our assistants a copy of the standard 
Timber Harvesting Agreement that has been offered to me by Southern 
Timbergrowers, our chosen contractor, for work that we desire to begin 
immediately.
Assuming that HPL has some type of pro forma agreement that would better fit 
this situation, I tried to mark-up their agreement indicating some of the 
features at a minimum that we would desire from this business arrangement.
Please could one of you (Gerald is receiving the walk-up copy) get back with 
me with some type of draft agreement within the next few days that I can take 
to ST in order that we may begin the evaluations that we have before us?  I 
would very much appreciate your attention to this.
Thanks!
Candy
Attached is Marathon's response to our email.  I will call Brad to set up a 
telephone conference 
Ted,  Steve asked that I forward this information to a lawyer at Burlington, 
but couldn't recall the name.  Do you have any contact information for 
Burlington.  Thanks.
"Bradley G Penn"  	06/01/2000 09:17 AM
Gerald, It seems that the drafts that have been sent back to Marathon have 
confused the relationships of Marathon, Mariner and MEGS. As an example you 
have requested that the LOPSA rely on the O&M Agreement between Mariner and 
MEGS, which Marathon is not a party.  We would rather that agreement remain 
between MEGS and Mariner and be the basis for your resolution of disputes. 
The legal capacities presented in your response to the LOPSA draft are 
confusing. All rights seem to flow to MEGS, yet the obligations seem to be on 
Mariner, we do not believe the division of rights and obligations in this 
manner are a good situation. By example the Indemnity provisions have been 
altered to have Mariner indemnify the Owners and Operator (no mention of 
MEGS)and then further change the indemnity to a negligence based indemnity 
(of Platform Operator). The PHA is a unilateral indemnity to Platform 
Operator and Platform Owners and we must insist on this same level of 
protection with MEGS.
If you would like to make another attempt at either a ratification or LOPSA 
that addresses MEGS as Lessee and Mariner as its operator and provide for any 
resolution between those two in the O&M Agreement we would be happy to 
discuss this further. If you would like to go through the LOPSA line by line 
please call and we can set up a teleconference with our legal department to 
do so.
BGP
I have reviewed your response and disagree with the characterization of our
modification the documents. I would like to clarify our reasons for the
modifications to avoid any further miscommunications.
MEGS' alteration of the documents do not impair the protections afforded to
Marathon under the Production Handling Agreement.  Our modifications were
simply intended to allocate certain risks between MEGS and Mariner with
respect to Marathon (as operator of the South Pass 89 B Platform) as such
risks were intended to be allocated by MEGS and Mariner.  Mariner's
transfer of interest in the flowline to MEGS introduces a new party which
Marathon can look to for certain obligations with respect to the platform.
The alterations do not remove Mariner from its current role as operator and
maintainer of the flowline and owner of the hydrocarbons.  For these
reasons, I would disagree with your response that the draft alterations do
not provide the intended protections that Marathon would expect absent such
a transfer to MEGS.  Mariner still shoulders these risks and expenses under
the Production Handling Agreement.
Having MEGS fully ratify the Production Handling Agreement  and becoming
jointly and severally liable to Marathon is not appropriate.   MEGS does
not hold title to any hydrocarbon production or operate the facilities and
should not be liable for all risks and expenses associated therewith.
Mariner should continue to shoulder those risks and as before.
I would be happy to discuss your issues with our Platform Lease revisions
at your convenience or to discuss the above further.
"Bradley G
Attached are our response and ratification agreement.
BGP
>> "Gerald Nemec Brad,  Can you give me a status on where you are at with the review of the
Lease
Docs for the MEGS Facilities? I forward those documents about a month back.
Gerald Nemec
Candy,  We are working on a draft and should have something for you early 
next week.  Sorry for the delay.
Candace L Bywaters
05/31/2000 05:38 PM
I have forwarded to you via one of our assistants a copy of the standard 
Timber Harvesting Agreement that has been offered to me by Southern 
Timbergrowers, our chosen contractor, for work that we desire to begin 
immediately.
Assuming that HPL has some type of pro forma agreement that would better fit 
this situation, I tried to mark-up their agreement indicating some of the 
features at a minimum that we would desire from this business arrangement.
Please could one of you (Gerald is receiving the walk-up copy) get back with 
me with some type of draft agreement within the next few days that I can take 
to ST in order that we may begin the evaluations that we have before us?  I 
would very much appreciate your attention to this.
Thanks!
Candy
GT,
Yea, he realized that as soon as we got to San Marcos.  Can you mail it Next 
Day Air also called Priority Mail?  I will pay you back next time I am in 
town.  His address is 
Eric Gillaspie
1007 Bay Oaks
Houston, TX 77008
"Townsend, George"  	06/05/2000 08:59 AM
Gerald,
I think I have Eric's wedding ring. What does he want me to do with it?
GT
Please see attached.  Thanks.
Attached is the draft CA for Intergen.  Note that there are still several 
blanks in the Agreement that I need information to complete.  Please review 
and let me know if you have any questions.
Greg 
Attached is correspondence between Marathon and Enron (MEGS) concerning the 
revised draft of the lease that I had forwarded for Marathon's review and 
also to you for Mariner's review.  I wanted to give you the benefit of these 
discussion we have had with Marathon concerning how the MEGS and Mariner's 
responsibilities should be split.  Our intent with these revisions, and the 
our goals as we continue to work with Marathon on these issues is to simply 
allocate the risks between Mariner and MEGS with respect to Marathon, as 
Mariner and MEGS intended them to be allocated under the O&M Agreement 
between the two.  We are not asking Marathon to rely on the O&M Agreement to 
which they are not a party.  Risk associated with ownership of the flowline 
should run to MEGS and risk associated with the operation and maintenance of 
the flowline and ownership of the hydrocarbons should run to Mariner as they 
currently do under the Production Handling Agreement.  We intend to work with 
Marathon toward this end.  If you have any comments concerning these 
discussions or would like to discuss this further with me, please contact me 
at (713) 853-3512.  I would also be interested in any comments you may have 
with respect to the draft lease agreement I forwarded to you earlier.  Thanks.
Gerald Nemec
ENA-Legal
"Bradley G Penn"  	06/01/2000 09:17 AM
Gerald, It seems that the drafts that have been sent back to Marathon have 
confused the relationships of Marathon, Mariner and MEGS. As an example you 
have requested that the LOPSA rely on the O&M Agreement between Mariner and 
MEGS, which Marathon is not a party.  We would rather that agreement remain 
between MEGS and Mariner and be the basis for your resolution of disputes. 
The legal capacities presented in your response to the LOPSA draft are 
confusing. All rights seem to flow to MEGS, yet the obligations seem to be on 
Mariner, we do not believe the division of rights and obligations in this 
manner are a good situation. By example the Indemnity provisions have been 
altered to have Mariner indemnify the Owners and Operator (no mention of 
MEGS)and then further change the indemnity to a negligence based indemnity 
(of Platform Operator). The PHA is a unilateral indemnity to Platform 
Operator and Platform Owners and we must insist on this same level of 
protection with MEGS.
If you would like to make another attempt at either a ratification or LOPSA 
that addresses MEGS as Lessee and Mariner as its operator and provide for any 
resolution between those two in the O&M Agreement we would be happy to 
discuss this further. If you would like to go through the LOPSA line by line 
please call and we can set up a teleconference with our legal department to 
do so.
BGP
I have reviewed your response and disagree with the characterization of our
modification the documents. I would like to clarify our reasons for the
modifications to avoid any further miscommunications.
MEGS' alteration of the documents do not impair the protections afforded to
Marathon under the Production Handling Agreement.  Our modifications were
simply intended to allocate certain risks between MEGS and Mariner with
respect to Marathon (as operator of the South Pass 89 B Platform) as such
risks were intended to be allocated by MEGS and Mariner.  Mariner's
transfer of interest in the flowline to MEGS introduces a new party which
Marathon can look to for certain obligations with respect to the platform.
The alterations do not remove Mariner from its current role as operator and
maintainer of the flowline and owner of the hydrocarbons.  For these
reasons, I would disagree with your response that the draft alterations do
not provide the intended protections that Marathon would expect absent such
a transfer to MEGS.  Mariner still shoulders these risks and expenses under
the Production Handling Agreement.
Having MEGS fully ratify the Production Handling Agreement  and becoming
jointly and severally liable to Marathon is not appropriate.   MEGS does
not hold title to any hydrocarbon production or operate the facilities and
should not be liable for all risks and expenses associated therewith.
Mariner should continue to shoulder those risks and as before.
I would be happy to discuss your issues with our Platform Lease revisions
at your convenience or to discuss the above further.
"Bradley G
Attached are our response and ratification agreement.
BGP
>> "Gerald Nemec Brad,  Can you give me a status on where you are at with the review of the
Lease
Docs for the MEGS Facilities? I forward those documents about a month back.
Gerald Nemec
"Townsend, George"  	06/06/2000 01:59 PM
G,
I have sent Eric's ring today. It will be there at noon tomorrow.
Later
GT
GT 
Thanks for taking care of the ring and thanks again for the hosptality.  I 
will be back in not too long.  See Ya
G$
How is it going?  Did you have a fun weekend?  My weekend was, although 
enjoyable,  challenging.  First Eric's wife got sick Friday night and wasn't 
able to go out the whole weekend.  Next, my car battery completely died when 
I arrived at my friends house in Austin.  I replaced the battery and 
everything was fine.  Eric, I,  and my friend proceeded to Maggie Maes to see 
the band Pale (the whole point of our trip, right!).  We arrived at Maggie 
Maes and asked which level Pale was playing on and were informed they had 
cancelled.  Great.  Oh well we had a good time that night anyway.  Cool Then, driving back to Houston and coming up upon the Beltway I noticed that 
my temp gauge needle was buried deep into the danger zone.  I had to have the 
car towed back into downtown.  Anyway, it was an interesting trip.
Kay,  Please see attached.  Thanks
Staci,  Attached is the amendment.  Please forward your revisions for my 
review.  Thanks.
Got my car back.  $700 to fix.  Ouch!  I am really just glad it wasn't 
worse.  When I stopped my car it was really smoking and I was afraid I had 
burned my moter up.  Eric was providing my transportation during the absence 
of the car.  What a great guy.  Yes, we should try to hook up this weekend The only thing I have going right now is a party that one of the attorneys in 
my group is throwing Saturday night.  Hopefully I will be able to get out of 
there fairly early.  Let's talk before the weekend to try and work something 
out.   I am interested in discussing the Anne situation with you also.  Talk 
to you later.
Janel Guerrero@
06/06/2000 05:34 PM
Your weekend sounds like a nightmare.  I guess now you have a great excuse to 
buy a new car.  What did the garage say about the problem(s 
My weekend was pretty fun.  I went to a happy hour Friday night with the 
power trading folks -- now that I'm gone, they're all friendly and talk to 
me.  My cleaning lady came on Saturday so I met two friends for brunch at 
Guggenheim's and we were their from 11:00 to 3:30!  Totally killed the day, 
but it was nice and relaxing.  I did manage to run some errands (something 
productive).  Anne (tall blonde that was at the happy hour) and I went to 
Liberty Noodles for dinner and then hit the downtown bar scene -- totally 
boring.  (Anne is single these days if you want me to hook you up).  Sunday, 
more brunching and then Anne and I went to see Mission Impossible 2...Tom 
Cruise is still totally hot and i didn't mind watching him for two hours That was it.  Not very exciting 
We should try and do something this weekend.  I have another happy hour 
Friday night but other than that no plans.  This week is pretty busy.  I'm 
starting to panic.  Gotta run.
By the way....how are you getting around these days?
Gerald Nemec@ECT
06/06/2000 04:54 PM
How is it going?  Did you have a fun weekend?  My weekend was, although 
enjoyable,  challenging.  First Eric's wife got sick Friday night and wasn't 
able to go out the whole weekend.  Next, my car battery completely died when 
I arrived at my friends house in Austin.  I replaced the battery and 
everything was fine.  Eric, I,  and my friend proceeded to Maggie Maes to see 
the band Pale (the whole point of our trip, right!).  We arrived at Maggie 
Maes and asked which level Pale was playing on and were informed they had 
cancelled.  Great.  Oh well we had a good time that night anyway.  Cool Then, driving back to Houston and coming up upon the Beltway I noticed that 
my temp gauge needle was buried deep into the danger zone.  I had to have the 
car towed back into downtown.  Anyway, it was an interesting trip.
Here it is guys.  Still checking for any cleanups, but in interest of time I 
am forward for your review.  It is redlined against the previous revised 
version.
Attached is a redlined version of the agreement with the revisions.  Some 
revisions beyond  those we discussed with BR were made strictly to clear up 
inconsistencies in the original document.  Please review and let me know if 
you have any questions.  I plan on being at the Member Meeting in Denver next 
week, but please call any time prior if you wish to discuss.  (713) 853-3512.
I will be forwarding the LLC and Administrative Agreement with revisions 
tomorrow.  The revisions to these docs are slight and only made to reflect 
the be consistent with the substantive changes in the Capacity Allocation and 
Expansion Determination Agreement.
I should have a draft for you by Friday.
Candace L Bywaters
06/07/2000 06:39 AM
How are we doing on this?  Any hope I can get it by Friday?  Thanks.
Candace L Bywaters
05/31/2000 05:38 PM
I have forwarded to you via one of our assistants a copy of the standard 
Timber Harvesting Agreement that has been offered to me by Southern 
Timbergrowers, our chosen contractor, for work that we desire to begin 
immediately.
Assuming that HPL has some type of pro forma agreement that would better fit 
this situation, I tried to mark-up their agreement indicating some of the 
features at a minimum that we would desire from this business arrangement.
Please could one of you (Gerald is receiving the walk-up copy) get back with 
me with some type of draft agreement within the next few days that I can take 
to ST in order that we may begin the evaluations that we have before us?  I 
would very much appreciate your attention to this.
Thanks!
Candy
I won't be able to make it.  I will be in Denver getting back late that 
evening.
Xochitl-Alexis Velasco
06/07/2000 12:33 PM
Enron Compression Services would like to invite you to a Project Gallup 
Appreciation Dinner on June 15 at 6:30 PM at Ruggles Bistro Latino (711 Main 
Street).
Please RSVP to myself no later than Monday, June 12.  If you have any 
questions, please call me at 3-4529.
Thank you
Xochitl Velasco
Carolyn,  Can you send me a copy of this document for our files.  Thanks.
Steve HPL Schneider
06/07/2000 05:42 PM
The original is being sent to you.
Steve HPL Schneider
06/07/2000 05:36 PM
I have executed the Interconnect Agreement with CPS.  Please proceed to issue 
the required work orders.
Attached is the term sheet with my revisions.  Let me know if you have any 
questions.
FYI  Attached are the FERC materials we discussed earlier concerning third 
party ownership of compression in interstate pipes.
I will continue to research and see what might work.
"Randall Rich"  	06/08/2000 01:16 PM
Here are two FERC cases for your ECS files.  The certificates for Cotton 
Valley Compression are on tomorrow's FERC agenda.  The forthcoming orders may 
be relevant to future ECS projects.  With respect to Transwestern, the 
attached orders make it clear that the FERC knows how to order what it views 
as a jurisdictional entity to show cause regarding its status and, ultimately 
to file for a certificate.  This is consistent with our view  of the 
Transwestern order. - Randy
- COTVAL.DOC
- COTTNVAL.DOC
Attached are redlined versions of an amended and restated LLC agreement and 
an amendment to the Administrative Services Agreement.  I decided to simply 
amend the Admin. Agreement since the change was so minor.  You will note that 
the changes in the LLC Agreement were solely to accommodate the revisions 
made in the Capacity Allocation Agreement which I forwarded earlier.  Please 
call if you have any questions.
Mark,  Attached are the confirms for both the ECS purchase and the ECT 
purchase.  Please take one last look.  If OK I will forward the ECS purchase 
to Porter and Hedges.
The ECT confirms still have the TW West Texas Pool as being the point at 
which ECT takes title.
Cris,  Attached are redline versions of revisions to the Lost Creek Capacity 
Allocation and Expansion Agreement which we had discussed some time back The changes were made to accommodate several goals, but the one that you 
should have any concern with are in Section 2.3 and the definition of Third 
Party Gathering Agreement.
Rob,  Attached are redlined versions of the Lost Creek Docs displaying the 
revisions we had discussed some time back.  Please review and let me know of 
any issues you see with respect to the financing.
I am doing fine.  Work is fairly busy.  I went to Austin last weekend to see 
George.  He is engaged now and I think he will get married March of next 
year.  Met his fiance and she is really nice 
I received Jacob's B-day invitation in the mail this week.  Please let Janice 
know that I am sorry but won't be able to come down for the Party.  I will be 
coming down for the family reunion on July 1.  I will see the kids then.  I 
guess Sharon and Will are planning on coming down for the reunion also.  I 
will probably be there late Friday night.
Take care and talk to you later
Edward Nemec  	06/10/2000 04:08 PM
Haven't heard from you in awhile.   Is everything o.k..........We are all
fine getting some rain today from that tropical depression. Not much they
told us we would get 3to4 inches. I think they kinda blew it out of
proportion. Dad's playing cards and I'm just writing some e-mails. So how
are things going.I guess you have been busy at work. Dad went to Robstown
yesterday for a field day tour with James and he said James has some real
good crops so far. Now if he can harvest them all That will be the test.
Well all for now we send our love........MOM 
Kay, Please see attached.  Thanks.
Ned.  Attached is the CA with some comments incorporated.  Please let me know 
if you have any questions.
Jamie Ginsberg@
06/12/2000 04:38 PM
here is the email i received from questar
questar regulated services company
180 east 100 south
p.o. box 45360
salt lake city, ut  84145-0360
please put it to the attention of gaylen haag for now.  the signature line is 
blank for now 
thanks,
jamie
Jamie,
Thank you for coming by.  I actually had a conversation with JC this morning 
regarding electrical compression.  I have an idea I am working on and I was 
wondering if I gave you horsepower requirements and assumed  distances from 
high voltage power lines for 4 compression stations along a pipeline.  Would 
it be a big deal for you to get me some estimated rates?
Again,  this is only an idea right now so I don't want you spinning your 
wheels if it takes a lot of work.  But, I thought if you just had a couple of 
spreadsheets that you needed to fill in some blanks on, maybe you could do it?
Also, the total horsepower requirements are on the order of 13,755 hp in 4 
stations.  So if your minimum is 9,000 hp per station we can't hit that, but 
if it is a 9,000 hp min. on a project as a whole then it might amount to 
something.
Thanks,
Gaylen
>>  Shelley,
Thank you for your time last week.  I enjoyed meeting with you and your
colleagues to discuss electric motor compression and its applications for
the Questar system.  As I was walking out of the building, JC and I had a
couple of minutes to chat and he told me that he would give me a call
sometime in the next couple of weeks to discuss some projects that Questar
may be considering in the near future.
I am looking forward to exploring opportunities with you.
If you have any questions, or need any further information from me, please
do not hesitate to call.
,
Jamie Ginsberg
Manager
Enron Compression Services
713.853.5696
Attached is the NNG Termination Agreement, clean revised CSA Agreement, and 
redlined revised CSA Agreement.  Please review.
Jaime,  This CA accidentally was sent to you with choice of law being New 
York.  It should be Texas law.  If Questar has seen this doc., we need to let 
them know.  Thanks.
Eric Gillaspie
06/14/2000 01:37 PM
Jamie,
Per Gerald Nemec's request, please see the attached confidentiality agreement 
for your further handling.
Thanks,
Eric Gillaspie
713-345-7667
Enron Building 3886
Attached is a redlined revised agreement based on my discussions with 
Hoekenga Thursday.   James, We still need to talk about our Commercial 
Management activities in the Madden Field area and how those should be 
limited.  That change would be effected in the LLC Agreement.
I talked to Susan last Friday and she gave me her changes which I put into 
the doc.  So I am only waiting on Foti and Dushinske's changes.
Attached is the Vector term sheet.
Jamie Ginsberg@
06/19/2000 09:08 AM
gerald,
i have a couple of questions for you:
1)  susan scott told me that she would get back to you with some of the nits 
that she had on the hubbard document.  i am waiting for the final comments 
from dushinske, but they should come today.  i would like to get everything 
signed today because we want to make sure that we can book the gas at these 
high prices.
2)  vector term sheet.  i seem to have deleted my copy of the most recent 
draft we had circulating.  can you send me your most recent update, please?
if i hear anything from dushinske, i will let you know,
thanks,
jamie
Paula would be fine for me.
This is redlined against the original.
Staci, I am fine with the attached version.  I am checking with Mark to make 
sure he doesn't have any issues.  Thanks.
Staci Holtzman@
06/19/2000 10:30 AM
Attached is the ECS Amendment with the changes I discussed with Gerald to 
3.7(c 
Attached are the latest revised redlined documents for Lost Creek.   Please 
note the following:
1.  The changes include those that Chris and I discussed in Denver.  The 
Capacity Allocation Agreement is redlined against the version BR had reviewed 
earlier.  All other docs. are redlined against the originals.
2.  Due to the Credit Agreement structure, portions of the Natural Gas Fuel 
Liquidation concept were placed into the Administrative Services Agreement This was done in order to allow that portion of the Natural Gas Fuel value 
which covers the Power Bill to be included in the Debt Service Coverage Ratio 
calcs in the Credit Agreement.  The remainder of the Natural Gas Fuel will be 
distributed under the Capacity Allocation Agreement to avoid the inclusive of 
these excess amounts in any distribution tests under the Credit Agreement.
3.  Since more significant changes were made to the Admin. Services 
Agreement, it is now being amended and restated.
Dean,  have you resolved the accounting questions you raised this past Monday?
Ned,  Looks fine.  Let me know when you get the originals and I will initial.
Ned Higgins
06/22/2000 11:05 AM
Attached is the latest draft C/A  from  Intergen for their Deweyville plant. 
Please take a look and advise.
Here is the final. We'll get the orignal to you this week. 
Attached is the final version of the Enron conf agrm.? Please run two 
originals for Dave Rogers. 
If time is of the essence, we can consider this to be my "electronic 
intitials" and we can have any VP in Houston sign off on it.? I can initial 
the hard copies when they circle back after signature by Enron.
- Enron conf agrm.doc
Attached are the final versions of the Gallup and Kachina CSAs.  Note that 
both Bloomfield and Bisti have amendments
Gallup CSA and Gas Conversion Agreement and Gas Conversion Agreement Amendment
Bisti CSA and Amendment
Bloomfield CSA and Amendment
It is getting very close to departure time.  Are you organized for your trip 
yet?  I know you really only have to pack about 5 thongs and you're done.
Attached are redlines.  Please review.   Susan will be out of the office on 
Mon. and Tues. of next week, so we need to get this to her asap 
I am going to a farewell party for Mike Vigeant tonight.  He is leaving 
Enron.   Did you know Mike?  He worked in various groups and is currently in 
EBS.   I am open for Sat. and Sun.  Maybe we could hook up Sat.  I will give 
you a call on Saturday.  See ya.
Janel Guerrero@
06/23/2000 01:27 PM
Well, I've made the executive decision to bring a BIG suitcase rather than 
the backpack.  So I'm planning on filling it up with lot's of shi-shi girl 
things for any and all occasions.  Seriously, Saturday is crazy -- lot's of 
errands.  I probably won't worry about packing until Wednesday night and then 
I'm leaving the office around 1:00 on Thursday 
What are you doing this weekend?  I'm sure a few of us will get together for 
drinks or something but nothing is concrete at this point.  Maybe we can hook 
up somewhere 
Gerald Nemec@ECT
06/23/2000 09:41 AM
It is getting very close to departure time.  Are you organized for your trip 
yet?  I know you really only have to pack about 5 thongs and you're done.
Attached are redlines of the revised docs.  They are redlined against the 
versions NNG reviewed earlier.
Hello Miss Cynthia,  I am doing fine.  Work has been really kicking my butt 
lately.   Lunch Tuesday works for me.  I will give you a call on Monday to 
confirm.  Hope everything is going well with you also.  Take care.
"Cynthia San Marco"  	06/23/2000 09:11 AM
Hi Mr. Nemec, how are ya? Hope all is well. I am going through my
appointments and was going to see if you wanted to try and meet for lunch
one day next week. I can't go on Wednesday, but the rest of my week looks
pretty open. I want to try Hard Rock Cafe downtown beacuse I have trade
there and I have never tried it before. Besides, it is close to your office.
Call me or e-mail me if you want to try and get together next week. Talk to
you soon.
Cynthia
Ken Pearson 
Attached is revised facilities agreement reflecting a small change in the 
design of the station.  Please review and let Cheryl Marshall know if it is 
acceptable asap.   We will replace that page in the originals and execute and 
forward one to Celanese.  The revised section are underlined and highlighted.
Cheryl will also be faxing revised exhibits to the agreement for your review.
Chris,  The firm schedules referred to are those currently in place on the 
Firm Gathering Agreement.  The latest amendments were dated September 24, 
1999.  I only have hard copies, but can fax them to you.  Lori should have a 
copy of the amendments.   Also attached is the Capacity Allocation and 
Expansion Agreement most current changes redlined against the original.
"Chris Hoekenga"  	06/26/2000 10:32 AM
Please respond to choekenga
Gerald,
In reviewing the changes I need to see what the "Firm Schedules" are.  This
looks like it is new and is apparently part of the Firm gathering
agreements.  Also, would it be possible to get a red-line version of the
documents that compares these latest changes with the originally executed
documents as I think some of the interim changes have been absorbed already.
Give me a call if you need any clarification.  713-624-9003.
Attached are the latest revised redlined documents for Lost Creek.   Please
note
the following:
1.  The changes include those that Chris and I discussed in Denver.  The
Capacity Allocation Agreement is redlined against the version BR had reviewed
earlier.  All other docs. are redlined against the originals.
2.  Due to the Credit Agreement structure, portions of the Natural Gas Fuel
Liquidation concept were placed into the Administrative Services Agreement.
This was done in order to allow that portion of the Natural Gas Fuel value
which
covers the Power Bill to be included in the Debt Service Coverage Ratio calcs
in
the Credit Agreement.  The remainder of the Natural Gas Fuel will be
distributed
under the Capacity Allocation Agreement to avoid the inclusive of these excess
amounts in any distribution tests under the Credit Agreement.
3.  Since more significant changes were made to the Admin. Services Agreement,
it is now being amended and restated.
Dean,  have you resolved the accounting questions you raised this past Monday?
(See attached file: Amended and Restated Admin(RED).doc)(See attached file:
AMENDED AND RESTATED CAPALLEXP AGREEMENT4RED.DOC)(See attached file: Amended
and
Restated LLC Agreement1(RED).doc)
Shonnie,  I believe Brian left you a voicemail about this. Here is the latest 
from Hanover.  These guys are trying to renegotiate this deal.  Lets talk 
about this after you have had a chance to review.
Ken Choyce@
06/21/2000 02:37 PM
Gerald,
Wanted to keep you in the loop on where Hanover would like to see things 
going with our contract.  They've been complaining almost from day 1 and 
their format is getting a little more formal and aggressive as seen in the 
attached spreadsheet and memo.  The attached memo in my opinion violates in 
several points made the spirit of the intent of the agreement as executed The guy that put this together (Jerry Griffith) was not a Hanover employee 
when the contract was negotiated.  I believe he is being put up to this by 
his management who appear to want to change some very fundamental things that 
were agreed to (most of which were explicitly spelled out in the document No action requested of you I just wanted you to be informed. Thanks
Ken
this is our strawman, best shot at a methodology to get started;
pls comment,
I would like to proceed with this and try to get together in Denver
sometime during the first week in July, maybe Weds & Thurs & or Friday or
possibly
the end of next week.
We need this resolved, an acceptable consencious to allow us to proceed as
necessary in the future.
thx
Jerry
- Contract Enhancement.doc
- ENRON CONTRACT SCHEDULE.xls
Bob,  Attached is the scope of work.  I gave you the hard copy earlier.
Attached are the form of confirm that are being executed for the Gallup 
Amendments.  Let me know if you have any questions.  I have also attached the 
TW gas letter agreement which I had forward earlier.  These are all the 
operational docs. required for the amendment.
For completeness,  Attached are the operational documents that reflect the 
Gallup Amendments.  The Gas Price Letter reflects TW's agreement to provide 
incremental gas volumes.  The confirms to the existing Enfolio deals reflect 
Gerald Nemec
06/26/2000 05:48 PM
Attached are the form of confirm that are being executed for the Gallup 
Amendments.  Let me know if you have any questions.  I have also attached the 
TW gas letter agreement which I had forward earlier.  These are all the 
operational docs. required for the amendment.
Bob,  Attached is the form of Agreement we need to use for ForeRunner.  It is 
the same form we used for High Mountain.  We need to make sure it reflects 
design and engineering services provided.  We will also need a Tasking 
Letter.  Ken Choyce should be able to provide a contract at ForeRunner as 
well as scope of work.  Let me know if you have any questions.  Thanks.
Attached are the redlined revised docs and a new letter agreement for the 
payment of the $2 mil.
Dan,  I have reviewed the Wildhorse (Mesa) Gathering, Processing, and 
Transport Agreement.  This agreement is still valid and the gas is dedicated 
to this Agreement through 2013.  The agreement present some problematic 
issues which I will outline.
1. Gas Quality -  The gas quality provisions only require Wildhorse to 
transport the gas if the gas meets the downstream carriers (in this case 
Northwest Pipeline) gas quality specifications.  We propose to put in a 
treating plant which would allow the gas to meet the specifications, however 
there are no provision in this Agreement which allow us to insert a plant 
between Northwest Pipeline and Wildhorse.  Wildhorse could delay are extract 
value from us for this connection.  This is an uncertainty.
2.  Wildhorse Obligation to Perform - Based on my understanding of the 
facts, at some point during the term of this agreement, Northwest Pipeline 
enforced their gas quality specifications and refused to take the gas at the 
downstream side of Wildhorse's Gathering System. As a result, Wildhorse shut 
in Enogex's production and it has been shut in ever since.  Wildhorse has a 
right to do this under this Agreement (see #1 above) and therefore Wildhorse 
has not breached its obligation to transport under this Agreement Wildhorse's obligation was suspended when Northwest refused receipt of the 
gas.
3.  Unprofitability - Assuming Wildhorse worked with us to install the 
treating plant which conformed the gas to Northwest Specifications, they 
could refuse to provide gathering service under this agreement if it was 
still uneconomical for them to do so.  If they decided it is uneconomical for 
them to do so, they have the right to provide Enogex with various potential 
solutions which include (i) renegotiating the terms (ii) allowing Enogex to 
operate Wildhorse's equipment at Enogex sole cost, expense and risk, or (iii) 
release the gas from the Agreement.  The problem here is that there is no 
time limit under which Wildhorse must reach a solution with us and no 
specific solution they must reach.   Wildhorse could drag this out for some 
extended period of time and they could extract significant value.
My  recommendation is that we make Enogex's resolution of these issues with 
Wildhorse a condition precedent to closing and funding this deal. I know the 
timing is late.  However if Enron funds this deal and takes on the risk of 
negotiating with Wildhorse to resolve either a new deal or a release of the 
gas,  everyone needs to understand that such negotiation could take 
substantial time and Wildhorse will have significant leverage 
Let me know if you wish to discuss this further or have any questions 
Have a great trip and try not to hook up with too many Italian hotties!  Must 
come back with lots of pictures and potentially a few life changing 
experiences.
Attached are executables for the Hubbard Transaction.
Mark,  Please review the attached letter and provide the missing date.  If 
everything looks good, I will prepare an original for your signature 
Also,  do you have any resolution on the TW transport issue?  Is it 
acceptable for ECT to take title at the West Texas Pool and ECS still operate 
the transport agreement as its agent?
Heidi,  Attached is the modified confirm form.  Please note the following:
1.  This will only work with an Interruptible all points master contract
2.  This confirm cannot extend the term of a transport agreement.  We need to 
make sure that the master is still in its term.
3.  The counter -party should sign off for every transaction.  Via fax 
signature is acceptable.
4.  A single form per contract must be used.
5.  This form is set up for 1 month or less deals.
We need to make sure this confirm can be handle under the existing global 
contract # for the master contract.
Please review and let me know if you have any questions.
Fyi,  Attached is Marathon's Response 
"Bradley G Penn"  	06/14/2000 09:16 AM
Attached is a revised Lease of Platform Space Agreement (LOPSA) for the MEGS 
property associated with the Mariner Pluto subsea development. This version 
has Mariner  as operator on behalf of MEGS, L.L.C. as Lessee. The responsible 
party will be Mariner for performance and notification. The obligations 
between Mariner and MEGS are covered in their separate agreement for O&M. 
Please review and let me know if you have suggested changes. I will not be 
able to access my e-mail between June 21 and June 29. Hopefully on June 29 we 
will be in our new offices in Houston and ready to go.
Thanks,
BGP
- Megslops.doc
Check's in the mail.  Sorry for the delay, I will review today.
Chris Sonneborn
06/30/2000 09:50 AM
Gerald -
Where do you stand on reviewing the Gregg agreement?  Just a quick update, 
please.
Thanks,
Chris Sonneborn
HPL Facility Planning
Chris attached is a clean and redline version of the Gregg Agreement with my 
revisions.  The form Gregg sent was the original form they had forwarded for 
the first project.  I change to reflect the change we made at that time.  As 
you will notice it is quite a few changes.  However, since Gregg signed off 
on this form once already, they shouldn't have a problem doing it again.  Let 
me know if you have any questions.
I reviewed the draft you forwarded.  Looks good.  I have the following two 
questions 
Section 1.1 - The fourth sentence down in the parenthesis "(whether owned or 
leased by LESSEE)".  Shouldn't that read "(whether owned, operated, or leased 
by LESSEE)" since Mariner only operates the Property for MEGS?
Term  -  Shouldn't the term mirror the term for the Production Handling 
Agreement?  Section 7.1.2.e allows termination after January 1, 2005.  Why 
would Marathon want to terminate while the PHA is still in effect?
"Bradley G Penn"  	06/14/2000 09:16 AM
Attached is a revised Lease of Platform Space Agreement (LOPSA) for the MEGS 
property associated with the Mariner Pluto subsea development. This version 
has Mariner  as operator on behalf of MEGS, L.L.C. as Lessee. The responsible 
party will be Mariner for performance and notification. The obligations 
between Mariner and MEGS are covered in their separate agreement for O&M. 
Please review and let me know if you have suggested changes. I will not be 
able to access my e-mail between June 21 and June 29. Hopefully on June 29 we 
will be in our new offices in Houston and ready to go.
Thanks,
BGP
- Megslops.doc
Sounds good.  Pencil me in.  Of course this won't be as nice as going fishing 
to catch those small fish.
Will Snyder  	07/05/2000 02:43 PM
We're putting together a golf tournament for Friday morning, August 18 at
Estes Park Golf Club.  I've already talked to the pro and I told him I could
give him a head count within the next few days.  For now, he's got us
penciled in for about 10 tee times beginning at 8:32 a.m.  (I'll be playing
in that first foursome since it's most important that I get to the church
before any of you knuckleheads).  The cost will be $44.00 (green fee and 1/2
cart).  Please let me know as soon as possible, via return email, whether
you want to play.
William S. Snyder
SAYLES, LIDJI & WERBNER
Eric,  Can you pull the FERC document cited below and print it out.
Mark Courtney
07/05/2000 11:01 AM
This is a footnote from one of the cases you sent earlier.  Can you check on 
this for us, too.
Thanks
Mark
More on point is Texas-Ohio Pipeline, Inc., 69 FERC ?61,145 (1994), where the 
Commission issued a certificate to allow the operation of a pipeline facility 
constructed to alleviate a bottleneck between the jurisdictional services of 
two interstate pipelines.
Here is the other one.
Mark Courtney
07/05/2000 11:03 AM
See Clear Creek Storage Company, 84 FERC ?61,210 (1998).
Attached is the cite you forwarded earlier. =20
=09LEXIS(R)/NEXIS(R) Print Delivery  =0907/06/2000 03:31 PM
=09=09=20
=20
108CKF
Print Request:   LEXSEE
Time of Request: July 6, 2000  04:31 pm EST
Number of Lines: 394
Job Number:      711:0:11094446
Client ID/Project Name:
Research Information:
Lexsee 84 FERC P61,210
Note:
=0F,                                                                         =20
PAGE 1
LEXSEE 84 FERC P61,210
Clear Creek Storage Company, L.L.C.
Docket No. CP98-256-000
FEDERAL ENERGY REGULATORY COMMISSION - COMMISSION
84 F.E.R.C. P61,210; 1998 FERC LEXIS 1726
ORDER ISSUING CERTIFICATE
September 1, 1998
PANEL:
[*1]  Before Commissioners: James J. Hoecker, Chairman; Vicky A. Bailey,
William L. Massey, Linda Breathitt, and Curt Hebert, Jr.
OPINION:
On March 2, 1998, Clear Creek Storage Company, L.L.C. (Clear Creek) filed=20
an
application pursuant to section 7 of the Natural Gas Act (NGA), for a
certificate to convert a natural gas production reservoir to a natural gas
storage facility, to construct appurtenant facilities, and to operate the
storage field and related facilities for the sole use of Clear Creek's two
owners, Questar Energy Trading Company (Questar Energy) and Montana Power
Ventures, Inc. (Montana Power). Clear Creek requests that, to the extent
feasible, the authorization granted to it be a limited jurisdiction=20
certificate.
Clear Creek also requests waivers of various Commission regulations and
requirements.
For the reasons discussed below, we will grant Clear Creek's request for
authorization to convert the production reservoir to a gas storage facility=20
and
to construct and operate facilities. However, we will require Clear Creek to
operate the facility on an open access basis.
I. Background
Questar Energy and Montana Power formed Clear Creek to own and operate the
proposed Clear Creek storage [*2]  project. Questar Energy owns 75 percent and
Montana Power owns 25 percent of Clear Creek. Questar Energy is a wholly-owned
subsidiary of Questar Corporation and a natural gas marketing affiliate of
Questar Pipeline Company, an interstate pipeline. Questar Energy engages in
marketing of natural gas, crude oil, and electricity. It purchases natural gas
from affiliated production companies and unaffiliated companies.
Montana Power is an affiliate of Montana Power Company, an electric and gas
utility regulated by the Commission as well as the State of Montana. Montana
Power engages in natural gas business development, which will include=20
purchasing
and selling natural gas upon approval of Clear Creek's application.
Clear Creek states that both Questar Energy and Montana Power plan to actively
purchase and sell natural gas in the Rocky Mountain region, and elsewhere in=20
the
United States. Therefore, they both wish to develop storage capabilities to
better manage their natural gas supplies, including the balancing of their
=0F,                                                                         =20
PAGE 2
84 F.E.R.C. P61,210; 1998 FERC LEXIS 1726, *2
respective natural gas supplies and supply acquisition opportunities with
current and projected demand for natural gas. Clear Creek states that the
storage capacity will [*3]  assist Questar Energy and Montana Power to buy and
sell gas when it is most economically favorable to do so, to offer more=20
reliable
supply products to potential customers, and to manage transportation=20
obligations
to minimize exposure to penalties and cashout charges.
Clear Creek proposes to locate its storage project in the depleted Nugget
reservoir in the Clear Creek Field in Uinta County, Wyoming, an active natural
gas production region. Chevron, Inc. discovered the field in 1978. The field
produced gas from 1979 until 1994 when it was shut-in after production of oil
and gas from the field was no longer economic. Prior to shut-in, 15 wells
produced natural gas that was delivered through existing pipeline facilities
into Northwest Pipeline Corporation, Kern River Gas Transmission Company, and
Questar Pipeline Company.
Clear Creek states that the interconnecting pipeline taps, laterals,
gathering facilities and wells are still in place and, with minor=20
modifications,
will be used to transport gas in and out of the proposed storage facility.
Questar Energy has owned and operated the Clear Creek field since late=20
1993,
having acquired it from its affiliate, Universal Resources Corporation [*4]
(Universal), a natural gas producer. Universal tested the field in 1996 and=20
1997
and determined that the depleted oil/gas reservoir in the Nugget formation can
economically be converted to a storage project of up to 4 Bcf of working gas.=20
n1
Questar Energy plans to transfer its interests in the field to Clear Creek.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -Footnotes- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -=20
-
n1 Universal requested and received an exemption, pursuant to section
7(c)(1)(B) of the NGA, to test the Clear Creek field for a possible storage
project to be undertaken by it or one of its affiliates. See Universal=20
Resources
Corp., 76 FERC
P 61,002 (1996)(Docket No. CP96-528-000).
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -End Footnotes- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -=20
-
II. Proposal
Clear Creek proposes to convert a reservoir in the Nugget formation in a
depleted natural gas production field in the Clear Creek Participation Area=20
(PA)
of the Painter Reservoir Unit to a gas storage facility. The Clear Creek PA is
located in Uinta County, Wyoming, approximately 15 miles northeast of=20
Evanston.
The proposed project would reuse facilities in place within the Clear Creek PA
from previous activities [*5]  in Sections 4 and 9 of the production field.
Lands in Section 4 are administered by the Bureau of Land Management (BLM) and
lands in Section 9 are owned privately by Uinta Livestock Grazing Partnership.
The Nugget formation is located at an approximate depth of 8700 feet and
storage will be water driven. Clear Creek expects to operate the storage
reservoir at a pressure of approximately 3200 psi. Clear Creek proposes to
develop 4 Bcf of working storage capacity, supported by 2 to 4 Bcf of cushion
gas. Questar Energy and Montana Power will supply cushion gas in proportion to
their membership interests. The project is expected to have a maximum gas
=0F,                                                                         =20
PAGE 3
84 F.E.R.C. P61,210; 1998 FERC LEXIS 1726, *5
injection capability of up to 35 MMcf/day (at approximately 4200 psi) and a
maximum withdrawal capability of up to 50 MMcf/day (at approximately 750 psi).
Clear Creek states that it will own and be responsible for operating the
storage project. Under the Construction, Operation and Management Agreement
between Clear Creek, Questar Energy and Montana Power, Clear Creek will=20
contract
with Questar Energy to operate the field on a day to day basis.
A. Facilities
Clear Creek states that conversion of the field to storage will require
minimal construction [*6]  and will enable it to maximize the use of existing
facilities that were installed in connection with previous exploration and
production activity at the field.
Clear Creek proposes to use a single, existing well (#44-4) for injections
and withdrawals and up to 8 existing wells for monitoring. Clear Creek expects
to use the existing roads, pipeline facilities, buildings, fencing,
rights-of-way, pads, and cleared areas, and some of the existing storage=20
tanks.
Clear Creek proposes to install the following new facilities:
two 2100-hp compressors (possibly leased), which will be installed in an
existing building designed and historically used for compressors;
one Joule-Thompson Liquid Extraction Plant (skid mounted), which will be
located in an already cleared, fenced site;
new insulation, wrapping and electric heat tracing for the existing
injection/withdrawal line that connects the injection/withdrawal well to the
compressor building;
one 30,000-gallon natural gas liquids storage tank, located in an existing
cleared, fenced site;
a skid-mounted production unit to separate water and free hydrocarbon=20
liquids
from the production stream during withdrawal operations;
two additional 400-barrel [*7]  water tanks, to be located in pre-disturbed
sites;
new 3.5-inch tubing in the injection/withdrawal well, #44-4, inside the
existing 5.5-inch casing; and communications and monitoring equipment.
Clear Creek anticipates that it also will be necessary to modify existing
pipeline facilities that connect the field to Questar Pipeline. Clear Creek
expects Questar Pipeline to replace, under its blanket construction=20
certificate,
approximately 50 feet of 4-inch pipe and meter run with an equivalent length=20
of
6-inch pipe and meter run. Clear Creek requests authority to modify its line
connected to the Clear Creek Field to accommodate those modifications by=20
Questar
Pipeline.
Clear Creek states that, historically, gas was delivered from the field=20
into
Questar Pipeline, and was received from and delivered back to Questar Pipeline
during Universal's well tests. Clear Creek submits that, in the future, it
=0F,                                                                         =20
PAGE 4
84 F.E.R.C. P61,210; 1998 FERC LEXIS 1726, *7
expects to receive gas from and deliver gas to other pipelines in the area,
including Northwest Pipeline Corporation and Kern River. However, Clear Creek
does not seek approval at this time to construct any facilities necessary to
implement these additional receipt and delivery points.
B. Services [*8]
Clear Creek proposes to render storage services solely for its two members,
Questar Energy and Montana Power, which will receive storage capacity rights=20
in
direct proportion to their ownership interests, i.e., Questar Energy will have
use of 75 percent of the field's storage capacity and Montana Power will have
use of 25 percent of the capacity. Questar Energy and Montana Power will also
have firm use of injection and withdrawal capabilities totaling 35 MMcf/d and=20
50
MMcf/d, respectively, on a percentage basis equal to the share of storage
capacity rights. Each will have a right to unused injection and withdrawal
capabilities on an interruptible basis.
Clear Creek proposes to provide no storage service to any entity other than=20
its
owners. Questar Energy and Montana Power will each own and store its own gas=20
in
the capacity it holds.
C. Requested Waivers
Clear Creek states that it neither requests nor desires a blanket=20
certificate
to transport for others. Therefore, Clear Creek requests the Commission to=20
waive
any requirement that the proposed project be operated on an open access basis.
Clear Creek submits that its proposal is different from the situations
presented in two cases,  [*9]  Total Peaking Services, L.L.C. (Total Peaking)=20
n2
and Hopkinton LNG Corporation (Hopkinton), n3 in which the Commission rejected
private storage proposals involving existing liquid natural gas (LNG)=20
facilities
belonging to local distribution companies (LDCs) and required the applicants=20
to
provide open access storage. Unlike those cases, Clear Creek maintains, its
proposed project is not located in a market area but in a supply area=20
surrounded
by both major production areas and major interstate pipelines. In addition,=20
the
reservoir Clear Creek proposes to convert to storage was not previously
developed by a regulated LDC or any other form of regulated entity and thus
there are no risks of cross-subsidies by ratepayers. Further, submits Clear
Creek, there are no concerns about an affiliated LDC engaging in capacity
brokering to deliver gas to or from market area LNG plants, a unique market
advantage described by the Commission in Total Peaking.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -Footnotes- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -=20
-
n2 81 FERC P61,246 (1997).
n3 81 FERC P61,291 (1997).
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -End Footnotes- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -=20
-
[*10]
Further, Clear Creek argues, its proposal is for a small, low budget=20
project
which cannot readily be increased in size to accommodate new demands for=20
storage
from a third-party without a great increase in associated costs and, to a=20
lesser
extent, environmental consequences. Clear Creek also maintains that dilution=20
of
=0F,                                                                         =20
PAGE 5
84 F.E.R.C. P61,210; 1998 FERC LEXIS 1726, *10
the quantity of storage available to Questar Energy and Montana Power would
undermine their incentives to proceed. Clear Creek states that the project's
costs would increase due to the sizable regulatory burdens associated with
preparing and maintaining tariffs, ratemaking, utility-based accounting
practices, reporting, GISB, EBBs, additional personnel, and=20
marketing-affiliate
rules requiring separation of Clear Creek from its two marketer owners.=20
Further,
it contends, an open access requirement would expose it to economic risks and
third-party liability issues such as risks of gas loss, force majeure, project
failure, and credit that do not exist for a project that would only serve its
two owners.
Accordingly, Clear Creek requests waivers of all reporting requirements,
including the obligation to file Form 2 or similar reports; any obligation to
file rates, tariffs,  [*11]  contracts, or contract amendments; any obligation
to justify rates on any basis other than those the parties negotiated as part=20
of
the Agreement; any obligation to follow the Uniform System of Accounts; any
obligation to adhere to GISB standards or to maintain an EBB; any obligation=20
to
separate personnel or otherwise to adhere to marketing affiliate rules as they
might otherwise apply to the relationship between Clear Creek and its owners;=20
n4
and any other rules or requirements that would otherwise apply to an open=20
access
pipeline or storage company.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -Footnotes- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -=20
-
n4 Clear Creek acknowledges that Questar Energy would remain subject to the
marketing affiliate rules as they apply to its dealings with Questar Pipeline
Co.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -End Footnotes- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -=20
-
III. Interventions
Notice of Clear Creek's application was published in the Federal Register=20
on
March 24, 1998 (63 Fed. Reg. 14077). Colorado Interstate Gas Company, Natural
Gas Clearinghouse, Northwest Pipeline Corporation, and Questar Pipeline=20
Company
filed timely motions to intervene.  [*12]  n5 No protests were filed.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -Footnotes- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -=20
-
n5 Timely, unopposed motions to intervene are granted by the operation of @
385.214(c)(1) of the Commission's regulations.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -End Footnotes- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -=20
-
IV. Discussion
A. Jurisdiction
Since the proposed facilities will be used for the transportation of=20
natural
gas in interstate commerce subject to the Commission's jurisdiction, the
requested authorization is subject to section 7(c) of the NGA.
B. Public Convenience and Necessity
Order No. 636 n6 was designed to encourage interstate pipelines to provide
=0F,                                                                         =20
PAGE 6
84 F.E.R.C. P61,210; 1998 FERC LEXIS 1726, *12
unbundled, open-access transportation. Clear Creek proposes that the=20
Commission
make an exception for its storage proposal, and not require it to provide open
access storage services. As we stated in Hopkinton and Total Peaking, we find
that such proposals are not in the public interest.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -Footnotes- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -=20
-
n6 Pipeline Service Obligations and Revisions to Regulations Governing
Self-Implementing Transportation; and Regulation of Natural Gas Pipelines=20
After
Partial Wellhead Decontrol, 57 Fed. Reg. 13,267 (April 16, 1992), III FERC
Stats.
& Regs. Preambles P 30,939 (April 8, 1992); order on reh'g, Order No.=20
636-A,
57 Fed. Reg. 36,128 (August 12, 1992), III FERC Stats. & Regs. Preambles P
30,950 (August 3, 1992); order on reh'g, Order No. 636-B, 57 Fed. Reg. 57,911
(December 8, 1992), 61 FERC P61,272 (1992); reh'g denied, 62 FERC P61,007=20
(1993)
remanded in part sub nom., United Distribution Co. v. FERC, 88 F.3d 1105 (D.C.
Cir. 1996), order on remand, Order No. 636-C, 78 FERC P61,186 (1997); cert.
denied, 117 S. Ct. 1723 (1997).
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -End Footnotes- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -=20
-
[*13]
Clear Creek seeks to distinguish its proposal from those in Hopkinton and
Total Peaking by noting that, unlike those two proposals, its proposed storage
facility is not in the market area and does not raise cross-subsidization or
capacity brokering issues. We recognize that those issues are not present in
Clear Creek's proposal. Nevertheless, its proposal is the same in one=20
overriding
aspect. Clear Creek seeks authorization to perform jurisdictional interstate
transportation with no requirement that such service be offered on an
open-access basis. Such proposals are inconsistent with the regulatory goals
embodied in Order No. 636, which was intended to encourage interstate=20
pipelines
to provide open-access services, including storage. Therefore, we will require
Clear Creek to restructure its proposal into one that is consistent with the
principles of Order No. 636. Specifically, we will issue Clear Creek a Part=20
284
blanket transportation certificate conditioned on Clear Creek's filing, within
60 days of the date of issuance of this order, a revised Exhibit P to its
application, setting forth its proposed tariff and initial rates along with
supporting schedules for open-access firm [*14]  and interruptible storage
service and storage-related transportation that comply with the requirements=20
of
Part 284 and with the Commission's restructuring rules as expressed in Order=20
No.
636.
To the extent Clear Creek seeks to charge market-based rates, it must make=20
a
showing that it lacks market power. The Commission has issued several orders
that provide guidance on the criteria it uses to evaluate market-based rate
proposals. n7 In addition, an applicant's market-based study should be
consistent with the Commission's policy statement on ratemaking n8 and must
show, among other things, that: (a) the relevant market provides good
alternatives to the applicant and is not defined too broadly; (b) the
alternatives are timely; (c) the applicant is not able to exercise market=20
power
over the price of the product; and (d) the quality of service is equivalent.
Clear Creek should provide this information in the tariff filing required=20
above.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -Footnotes- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -=20
-
=0F,                                                                         =20
PAGE 7
84 F.E.R.C. P61,210; 1998 FERC LEXIS 1726, *14
n7 New York State Electric & Gas Corporation (NYSEG), 81 FERC P61,020=20
(1997);
Moss Bluff Hub Partners, L.P., 80 FERC P61,181 (1997); Egan Hub Partners,=20
L.P.,
77 FERC P61,016 (1996); and K N Interstate Gas Transmission Company, 76 FERC
P61,134 (1996).  [*15]
n8 Alternatives to Traditional Cost-of-Service Ratemaking for Natural Gas
Pipelines, 76 FERC P61,076 (1996).
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -End Footnotes- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -=20
-
Clear Creek requests a limited jurisdiction certificate. The Commission
issues such certificates to allow nonjurisdictional parties to engage in=20
certain
jurisdictional activities without affecting the status of their otherwise
nonjurisdictional activities. Since Clear Creek's sole function is to provide
interstate storage services, there is no need to issue Clear Creek a limited
jurisdiction certificate. However, we clarify that the authorization granted=20
to
Clear Creek will not affect the nonjurisdictional status of Questar Energy or
Montana Power.
Because we are approving a Part 284 blanket certificate rather than the
limited jurisdiction certificate Clear Creek requested, Clear Creek must=20
comply
with the accounting and reporting requirements applicable to other natural gas
companies providing Part 284 service. Accordingly, we deny Clear Creek's=20
request
for waiver of those requirements.
We will not require Clear Creek to hold an open season since it has
agreements [*16]  with Questar Energy and Montana Power for all of the=20
capacity
of its proposed storage facility and no party has protested the arrangement.
Clear Creek's concern that an open- access requirement for its storage=20
facility
would require it to enlarge its project is unfounded. There is no requirement=20
to
offer more capacity than exists or to increase a facility's capacity to
accommodate potential customers. An open-access transporter need only offer on
an open-access basis existing capacity for which it has no contracts. In this
regard, we note that the agreement between Clear Creek and its two owners is=20
for
all of the existing capacity for a term of twenty years.
Finally, we note that Clear Creek may apply for a Part 157 blanket
certificate under which it could undertake future modifications to the storage
facilities and operations.
C. Engineering
The Commission has evaluated Clear Creeks's proposal and concludes that the
development of the Clear Creek reservoir as an underground gas storage field=20
is
feasible. We also evaluated the proposed storage design, facilities, capacity
and injection/withdrawal estimates and do not foresee any technical problems
regarding the development of this [*17]  field.
Accordingly, in view of these circumstances, we will require that:
1. The maximum inventory of natural gas stored in Clear Creek shall not
exceed 8.0 Bcf at 14.73 psia and 60 degrees F, and the maximum shut-in bottom
hole reservoir pressure shall not exceed 5500 psig, without prior Commission
authorization; and
=0F,                                                                         =20
PAGE 8
84 F.E.R.C. P61,210; 1998 FERC LEXIS 1726, *17
2. Clear Creek shall submit semiannual reports in accordance with section
157.214(c) of the regulations. These reports shall continue to be filed until
one year after the storage inventory volume has reached or closely=20
approximates
8 Bcf.
D. Environmental Assessment
The Commission prepared an environmental assessment (EA) for Clear Creek's
proposal. The EA addresses construction procedures, geology, soils, water
resources, wetlands, vegetation, wildlife, hydrostatic testing, federally=20
listed
threatened and endangered species, cultural resources, land use, air and noise
quality, and alternatives.
Based on the discussion in the EA, we conclude that if constructed in
accordance with Clear Creek's application and supplements filed on April 8 and
May 20, 1998, approval of this proposal would not constitute a major Federal
action significantly affecting the quality [*18]  of the human environment.
As recommended in the EA, this authorization includes the following
conditions:
1. Clear Creek shall follow the construction procedures and mitigation
measures described in its application and supplements (including responses to
staff data requests) and as identified in the EA. Clear Creek must:
a. request any modifications to these procedures, measures, or conditions=20
in
a filing with the Secretary of the Commission;
b. justify each modification relative to site- specific conditions;
c. explain how that modification provides an equal or greater level of
environmental protection than the original measure; and
d. receive approval in writing from the Director of Office of Pipeline
Regulation (OPR) before using that modification.
2. The Director of OPR has delegated authority to take whatever steps are
necessary to ensure protection of all environmental resources during
construction and operation of the project. This authority shall allow:
a. the modification of conditions of this Order; and b. the design and
implementation of any additional measures deemed necessary (including stop=20
work
authority) to assure continued compliance with the intent of the environmental
[*19]  conditions as well as the avoidance or mitigation of adverse
environmental impact resulting from project construction and operation.
Any state or local permits issued with respect to the jurisdictional
facilities authorized herein must be consistent with the conditions of this
certificate. The Commission encourages cooperation between natural gas=20
companies
and local authorities. However, this does not mean that state and local
agencies, through application of state or local laws, may prohibit or
unreasonably delay the construction or operation of facilities approved by=20
this
Commission. n9
=0F,                                                                         =20
PAGE 9
84 F.E.R.C. P61,210; 1998 FERC LEXIS 1726, *19
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -Footnotes- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -=20
-
n9 See, e.g., Schneidewind v. ANR Pipeline Co., 485 U.S. 293 (1988);=20
National
Fuel Gas Supply v. Public Service Commission, 894 F.2d 571 (2d Cir. 1990); and
Iroquois Gas Transmission System, L.P., et al., 52 FERC P61,091 (1990) and 59
FERC P61,094 (1992).
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -End Footnotes- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -=20
-
Clear Creek shall notify the Commission's environmental staff by telephone
[*20]  or facsimile of any environmental noncompliance identified by other
Federal, state, or local agencies on the same day that such agency notifies
Clear Creek. Clear Creek shall file written confirmation of such notification
with the Secretary of the Commission within 24 hours.
At a hearing held on September 1, 1998, the Commission on its own motion
including
the application, supplements, and exhibits thereto, submitted in support of=20
the
authorization sought herein, and upon consideration of the record,
The Commission orders:
(A) A certificate of public convenience and necessity is issued authorizing
Clear Creek to construct and operate the proposed storage and related pipeline
facilities as described in this order and more fully in the application.
(B) A blanket certificate of public convenience and necessity is issued
pursuant to section 284.221 of the Commission's regulations to Clear Creek
authorizing it to perform the activities specified in Part 284, Subpart G, of
the regulations conditioned on Clear Creek's filing, within 60 days of the=20
date
of issuance of this order, tariff provisions setting forth terms  [*21]  and
conditions and rates for open-access firm and interruptible storage service=20
and
storage-related transportation.
(C) The certificate issued in ordering paragraph (A) is conditioned on=20
Clear
Creek's compliance with the Commission's Regulations including Part 154, 157=20
and
284 and paragraphs (a), (c), (e), and (g) of the section 157.20 of the
Commission's Regulations.
(E) Clear Creek is required to complete the facilities and place them in
service within one year from the date of this order.
(F) The authorization granted in ordering paragraph (A) is conditioned on
Clear Creek's compliance with the environmental and engineering conditions set
forth in this order.
(G) Clear Creek shall notify the Commission's environmental staff by
telephone and/or facsimile of any environmental noncompliance identified by
other Federal, state, or local agencies on the same day that such agency
notifies Clear Creek. Clear Creek shall file written confirmation of such
notification with the Secretary of the Commission within 24 hours.
By the Commission.
=0F,                                                                        =20
108CKF
**********  Print Completed 
Time of Request:   July 6, 2000  04:31 pm EST
Print Number:      711:0:11094446
Number of Lines:   394
Number of Pages:   9
=0F,
Here is the other cite.
=09LEXIS(R)/NEXIS(R) Print Delivery  =0907/06/2000 03:30 PM
=09=09=20
=20
108CKF
Print Request:   LEXSEE
Time of Request: July 6, 2000  04:30 pm EST
Number of Lines: 661
Job Number:      59:0:11094435
Client ID/Project Name:
Research Information:
Lexsee 69 FERC P61,145
Note:
=0F,                                                                         =20
PAGE 1
LEXSEE 69 FERC P61,145
Texas-Ohio Pipeline, Inc.
Docket Nos. CP92-217-000, CP92-217-001 and MT94-2-000
FEDERAL ENERGY REGULATORY COMMISSION - Commission
69 F.E.R.C. P61,145; 1994 FERC LEXIS 2340
Order Issuing Certificates and Denying Rehearing
November 2, 1994
PANEL:
[*1]
Before Commissioners: Elizabeth Anne Moler, Chair; Vicky A. Bailey, James=20
J.
Hoecker, William L. Massey, and Donald F. Santa, Jr.
OPINION:
On December 3, 1991, Texas-Ohio Pipeline, Inc. (Texas-Ohio) filed an
application pursuant to section 7(c) of the Natural Gas Act (NGA) and Parts=20
157
and 284 of the Commission's regulations for certificates of public convenience
and necessity to operate its facilities in interstate commerce and to perform
open-access transportation services on existing facilities known as the Hunter
Pipeline in Garrard County, Kentucky. Texas-Ohio also requested a temporary
certificate to operate the Hunter Pipeline on an interim basis pending=20
issuance
of a permanent certificate.
On January 15, 1992, the Commission issued Texas-Ohio a temporary=20
certificate
authorizing service to existing customers utilizing the Hunter Pipeline; the
temporary certificate is to expire upon issuance of a final Commission order=20
on
the request for a permanent blanket certificate. n1 On February 14, 1992,
Industrial Energy Services Company (IESCO) sought rehearing of the January 15
order.
n1 Texas-Ohio Pipeline, Inc., 58 FERC 61,025 (1992).
We will grant Texas-Ohio [*2]  a case-specific certificate pursuant to Part
157, subpart A of the Commission's regulations to operate the Hunter Pipeline=20
in
interstate commerce and a blanket transportation certificate pursuant to Part
284, subpart G of the Commission's regulations. These authorizations are made
subject to compliance with the conditions set forth in this order. For the
reasons set forth below, IESCO's request for rehearing is denied.
Notices and Interventions
Notice of Texas-Ohio's application was published in the Federal Register on
December 10, 1991 (58 Fed. Reg. 64,507). Algonquin Gas Transmission Company,=20
CNG
Transmission Corporation, Elizabethtown Gas Company, Endevco Oil and Gas=20
Company
(Endevco), Enron Gas Marketing, Inc., Equitrans, Inc., IESCO, O&R Energy, Inc.
(O&R Energy), Public Service Electric and Gas Company, and Texas Eastern
Transmission Corporation (TETCO) filed timely, unopposed motions to intervene.
=0F,                                                                         =20
PAGE 2
69 F.E.R.C. P61,145; 1994 FERC LEXIS 2340, *2
n2 Endevco, O&R Energy, and TETCO support Texas-Ohio's application. IESCO
protests the application and requests an evidentiary hearing.
n2 Timely, unopposed motions to intervene are granted pursuant to Rule 214=20
of
the Commission's Rules of Practice and Procedure, 18 C.F.R. 385.214. [*3]
On December 26, 1991, Texas-Ohio filed an answer to that portion of IESCO's
protest opposing the issuance of a temporary certificate. IESCO responded to
Texas-Ohio's answer on January 14, 1992. n3
n3 Pursuant to section 385.213(2) of the Commission's regulations, 18=20
C.F.R.
385.213(2), an answer to a protest is not permitted unless the Commission=20
orders
otherwise. In order to have as complete a factual record as possible in this
proceeding, we will accept the December 26, 1991 and January 14, 1992 filings=20
of
Texas-Ohio and IESCO, respectively.
On February 3, 1992, Energy Marketing Exchange, Inc. filed a petition for
leave to intervene out of time. For good cause shown, and since the late
intervention will not prejudice any party to this proceeding or otherwise=20
delay
the proceeding, we will grant Energy Marketing's motion to intervene out of
time.
Background
The Hunter Pipeline is an interconnection between facilities of Tennessee=20
Gas
Pipeline Company (Tennessee) and TETCO. It consists of two 1,000 horsepower
compressors and approximately 600 feet of above-ground 10-inch diameter gas
pipeline. The Hunter Pipeline is capable of transporting 60,000 Mcf per day of
natural gas.  [*4]
Texas-Ohio constructed the Hunter Pipeline pursuant to a certificate issued
by the Kentucky Public Service Commission (Kentucky PSC) on November 19, 1990.
This authorization designated Texas-Ohio as an intrastate pipeline operating=20
as
a transporting utility. However, because Texas-Ohio did not hold an=20
open-season
prior to commencing transportation operations, only Texas-Ohio Gas, Inc. and=20
its
sales customers acquired capacity on the Hunter Pipeline. n4 After=20
constructing
the facilities, Texas-Ohio filed an application with the Commission in Docket
No. PR91-5-000 seeking approval of rates under section 311(a)(2) of the=20
Natural
Gas Policy Act (NGPA). The Commission instituted rate proceedings on April 29,
1991 to determine whether Texas-Ohio's rates were fair and equitable. n5
n4 Texas-Ohio is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Texas-Ohio Gas, Inc. (TOG), a
Houston-based marketer that ships Gulf Coast gas to northeastern industrial
end-users via Tennessee and TETCO. Prior to construction of the Hunter=20
Pipeline,
TOG faced separate bottlenecks on the Tennessee and TETCO systems during the
winter heating season; the location and capacity of the Hunter Pipeline was
selected to avoid these bottlenecks.
n5 Texas-Ohio Pipeline, Inc., 55 FERC 61,137 (1991).
[*5]
On June 3, 1991, Texas-Ohio suspended transportation service through the
Hunter Pipeline upon discovering that the gas being moved through those
facilities was not produced in Kentucky and, therefore, that it was engaged in
=0F,                                                                         =20
PAGE 3
69 F.E.R.C. P61,145; 1994 FERC LEXIS 2340, *5
the interstate transportation of natural gas without authorization under NGA
section 7 or NGPA section 311. Subsequently, the Commission instituted an
investigation into the construction and operation of the Hunter Pipeline. That
investigation determined that from the first day of operation on December 1,
1990 through its voluntary shut-down on June 3, 1991, the Hunter Pipeline
transported gas in interstate commerce. n6 On October 19, 1993, the Commission
approved a stipulation and consent agreement in which Texas-Ohio agreed to=20
pay a
$ 125,000 civil penalty and to implement a program to comply with the NGA and
NGPA. n7
n6 Texas-Ohio received all the gas that flowed through the Hunter Pipeline
from Tennessee's interstate facility. Texas-Ohio then redelivered the gas to
TETCO's interstate facility.
n7 Texas-Ohio Pipeline, Inc., 65 FERC 61,069 (1993).Proposal
Texas-Ohio requests authorization to operate its facilities in interstate
[*6]  commerce and perform open-access transportation service. Texas-Ohio
proposes to charge firm shippers a transportation rate consisting of a
reservation charge of $ 1.4813 per MMBtu and a commodity charge of $ 0.0103=20
per
MMBtu.
Interruptible shippers would pay a transportation rate consisting of a
commodity charge of $ 0.059 per MMBtu. n8n8 The proposed initial rates are the
same as those which Texas-Ohio was authorized to charge during the=20
effectiveness
of the temporary certificate. Texas-Ohio Pipeline, Inc., 58 FERC 61,025 at
61,059 (1992).
Texas-Ohio states that operation of the Hunter Pipeline will permit=20
shippers
to avoid bottlenecks on the systems of Tennessee and TETCO. TETCO's bottleneck
is located at a point near the Kentucky-Tennessee border. Due to this
constraint, TETCO has historically curtailed the interruptible transportation=20
of
natural gas from receipt points located south of the Kentucky- Tennessee=20
border
that is destined for delivery to points north during the winter heating=20
season.
During the past three winter seasons, TETCO has curtailed interruptible
transportation for gas originating upstream of its Mt. Pleasant compressor
station [*7]  in Tennessee that is scheduled for delivery downstream to Zones=20
C
and D.
The bottleneck on Tennessee's system occurs in Mercer County, Pennsylvania.
As a result, gas produced and transported from receipt points south of Mercer
County cannot be transported to points north of Mercer County during certain
periods of the year. During the past four winter seasons, Tennessee has
curtailed gas moving on an interruptible basis from points upstream of=20
stations
219, 237, and 313 to locations downstream of those stations.
Texas-Ohio's facilities are positioned to avoid both bottlenecks. In this
regard, Tennessee typically has interruptible transportation capacity for
deliveries to Texas- Ohio's facilities, but has bottlenecks downstream of its
interconnection with Texas-Ohio. Conversely, TETCO has a bottleneck upstream=20
of
Texas-Ohio's facilities, but has capacity for the movement of interruptible
transportation volumes downstream of its Mt. Pleasant compressor station. As
such, Texas-Ohio's facilities can be utilized to alleviate bottlenecks on two
different pipeline systems and thereby move gas to markets in the Northeast.
=0F,                                                                         =20
PAGE 4
69 F.E.R.C. P61,145; 1994 FERC LEXIS 2340, *7
Discussion
The Commission finds that by utilizing the Hunter [*8]  Pipeline shippers
located upstream of the TETCO bottleneck can utilize Tennessee's system to=20
move
gas to Texas-Ohio for redelivery to TETCO and continued transportation
downstream. Shippers upstream of Tennessee's bottleneck, but downstream of
Texas-Ohio's facilities, can, by displacement, utilize Texas-Ohio's system to
access the TETCO system for continued transportation downstream. This
arrangement will avoid both the upstream and downstream bottlenecks and allow
continued delivery of gas to various northeast markets located off both the
TETCO and Tennessee systems. We find that the public convenience and necessity
requires issuance of a certificate pursuant to Part 157, subpart A,=20
authorizing
operation of Texas-Ohio's Hunter Pipeline.
The Commission also finds that Texas-Ohio's pro forma tariff generally
complies with the requirements for a Part 284 blanket transportation
certificate. Accordingly, we will grant Texas- Ohio's application for a Part=20
284
blanket transportation certificate, subject to the conditions set forth herein
to ensure Texas-Ohio's full compliance with the conditions of Order Nos. 636,
497, and 566. Texas-Ohio's Part 284 blanket certificate will become effective
[*9]  upon Texas-Ohio's full compliance with these conditions.
I. Rates
Texas-Ohio proposes to charge the initial rates that were approved in the
temporary certificate. Under this proposal, firm shippers would pay a
transportation rate consisting of a reservation charge of $ 1.4813 per MMBtu=20
and
a commodity charge of $ 0.0103 per MMBtu. Interruptible shippers would pay a
transportation rate consisting of a commodity charge of $ 0.059 per MMBtu. The
proposed rates are based on the modified fixed variable rate design (MFV), 100
percent equity capitalization, a 15 percent return on equity, and a 10 percent
depreciation. The reservation and usage charges are based on 100 percent of=20
the
system design capacity.
A. Rate Design
Order No. 636 requires pipelines to use the straight fixed variable (SFV)
rate design methodology. n9 Texas-Ohio has not provided any evidence which=20
would
support an exception to this requirement. Accordingly, we find that Texas-Ohio
should be required to use the SFV rate design methodology. Additionally, since
Texas-Ohio's cost of service does not include any variable costs, we will
require it to use $ 0.0000 as the minimum FTS usage and ITS rates. n10
n9 See 18 C.F.R. 284.7(d).
n10 See Gateway Pipeline Co., 55 FERC 61,488 (1991). [*10]  B.=20
Capitalization
and Rate of Return
Texas-Ohio proposes a capitalization consisting of 100 percent equity. We
find that it is appropriate to use a hypothetical capital structure consisting
of 57 percent debt and 43 percent equity; this structure is based on the 43.18
percent average equity ratio held by a group of seven major investor- owned
interstate pipelines at the end of 1993.
=0F,                                                                         =20
PAGE 5
69 F.E.R.C. P61,145; 1994 FERC LEXIS 2340, *10
We have generally used recent rates for Baa-rated public utility bonds to=20
set
the debt costs on similar projects since Baa is the prevailing rating for
pipeline bonds. The rate for Baa utility bonds averaged 8.40 percent for the=20
six
months ending July 31, 1994, with a one month average of 8.80 percent for July
1994. We find it appropriate to utilize a cost of debt of 8.50 percent.
Texas-Ohio's proposed 15 percent rate of return on equity is excessive
considering the prevailing cost of capital. We find acceptable a rate of=20
return
derived from a range of returns based upon an analysis of recent interest=20
rates
and a discounted cash flow (DCF) study. The lower end of the range is=20
determined
by the prevailing Baa rating for public utility bonds; as discussed above, we
will use a figure of 8.50 percent for [*11]  the most recent six months. Since
equity is riskier than debt, 100 basis points should be added to the bond=20
rate,
thus bringing the lower end of the range to 9.50 percent.
The upper end of the range is determined by a DCF analysis of a proxy group
of seven publicly held natural gas transmission companies. n11 This proxy=20
group
is used because the DCF methodology requires market price data as an input in
the estimation of investor-expected equity returns. The DCF analysis for the
proxy group results in a range of equity returns of 10.77 percent to 13.41
percent, with a median return of 12.19 percent.
n11 Coastal Corporation, El Paso Natural Gas Company, Enron Corporation,
Panhandle Eastern, Sonat Inc., Transco Energy, and Williams Companies, Inc.
This analysis uses dividend yields and forecasts of long- term growth rates
as follows. For the first five years, the Institutional Brokerage Estimate
System (IBES) estimates of five year growth in earnings per share was used.=20
For
longer-term growth (for the years 2000-2010), estimates taken from DRI/McGraw
Hill (Energy Review, Spring-Summer 1994) for growth in the natural gas=20
industry
were used. A growth rate for each company in the [*12]  proxy group was
determined by averaging the two growth rates. Combining the bottom and top
figures establishes a range of 9.50 percent to 13.41 percent. The midpoint of
this range is approximately 11.50 percent.
The Hunter Pipeline went into initial operation in 1990 and faces no
construction risk. Accordingly, we find that the company's risk is no higher
than that of the average pipeline. Therefore, we will require a rate of return
on equity of 11.5 percent, which is equal to the midpoint of the range of
reasonableness.
C. Depreciation
Texas-Ohio proposes a book depreciation rate of 10 percent calculated on=20
the
straight-line method which supports an economic life of 10 years. We believe
that the economic life of the Hunter Pipeline will depend upon gas reserves
connected to the Tennessee system and the future demand for natural gas
downstream of those facilities. We are confident that market demand and
operation of Tennessee and TETCO to service downstream markets in the=20
Northeast
States will continue for the next 25 years. We also believe that the Hunter
Pipeline will operate on a permanent basis and play an important role in the
delivery of gas, especially during high demand [*13]  periods. Based on these
factors, we find that an economic life of 25 years should be used to=20
calculate a
depreciation rate of four percent for the Hunter Pipeline facilities.
=0F,                                                                         =20
PAGE 6
69 F.E.R.C. P61,145; 1994 FERC LEXIS 2340, *13
D. Conclusion
We will require Texas-Ohio to modify its rates as follows. For=20
interruptible
service, the minimum rate shall be $ 0.0000; the maximum rate shall be $=20
0.0518.
For firm service, the minimum reservation charge shall be $ 0.0000; the=20
maximum
reservation charge shall be $ 1.5749. The usage charge for firm service shall=20
be
$ 0.0000. n12 The rates approved herein are initial rates under NGA section 7;
their approval does not constitute approval of any underlying rate=20
methodology,
principle, or concept to be used in any general rate change filed pursuant to
NGA section 4. These initial rates will remain in effect until such time as
Texas-Ohio files an NGA section 4 general rate proceeding. At that time, any
party or the Commission staff may propose new rates based on different
methodologies, principles or concepts.
n12 All rates are expressed per MMBtu.
II. Pro Forma Tariff
Texas-Ohio has applied for a blanket transportation certificate under section
284.221 of the Commission's regulations. It  [*14]  proposes to provide both
firm and interruptible transportation service. To commence service under a
blanket certificate, Texas-Ohio must file and place into effect rates, terms,
and conditions that are consistent with Part 284 of the regulations.=20
Texas-Ohio
has not made a tariff filing in this proceeding; it has, however, filed pro
forma tariff sheets which indicate the form its tariff will take. Generally,=20
the
pro forma tariff conforms to the Commission's requirements. As discussed=20
below,
however, certain provisions are either inconsistent with the Commission's
policies or are not adequately justified. Certain specific changes that we=20
will
require to be made to Texas-Ohio's pro forma tariff are set forth in an=20
appendix
to this order.
A. Order No. 636
Review of Texas-Ohio's pro forma tariff indicates a number of changes that
must be implemented to satisfy the requirements of Order No. 636. To implement
those changes, Texas-Ohio must make a tariff filing within 45 days of the date
of the issuance of this order. Also, Texas-Ohio is reminded that while certain
provisions of Order No. 636 may not apply at this time, future changes in its
operations may require tariff revisions to satisfy [*15]  the requirements of
that Order.
1. Equality of Service/Open Season
Pipelines that offer open-access transportation service must provide those
services on a basis that is equal in quality for all gas suppliers, whether=20
the
gas is purchased from the pipeline or from another seller. Section=20
284.14(b)(iv)
of the Commission's regulations, 18 C.F.R. 284.14(b)(iv), requires a=20
pipeline's
tariff to reflect the principle of equality of service for all gas transported
under each rate schedule.
Texas-Ohio performs only unbundled transportation service; it does not
provide pipeline sales service. Texas-Ohio does, however, provide=20
transportation
service for its affiliated marketers, TOG and Texas-Ohio West, Inc. Original
Sheet No. 6, section 3.2, of Texas-Ohio's pro forma tariff provides that
=0F,                                                                         =20
PAGE 7
69 F.E.R.C. P61,145; 1994 FERC LEXIS 2340, *15
customers with an already executed firm transportation contract for service on
the Hunter Pipeline as of the effective date of the tariff shall have a=20
priority
over customers executing a service agreement at a later date. Service is
otherwise offered on a first-come, first-served basis. We find that this
provision gives preferential treatment to selected customers. It is unduly
discriminatory and must be [*16]  removed from the tariff. Further, we find=20
that
Texas-Ohio has never held an open-season or otherwise provided for the
non-discriminatory allocation of system capacity prior to initiating service.
Accordingly, we hold that Texas-Ohio must implement an open season within 30
days of the date of issuance of an order in this proceeding to ensure non-
discriminatory allocation of system capacity.
2. Pregranted Abandonment and Right of First Refusal
Section 284.221(d) of the Commission's regulations, 18 C.F.R. 284.221(d),
authorizes pregranted abandonment of interruptible and short-term firm
transportation at the end of the contract. A short-term contract is one with a
term of less than one year. For long-term transportation with a term of more
than a year, section 284.14(b)(1)(xiii) requires the pipeline to establish=20
right
of first refusal procedures for use upon expiration of the long-term contract.
Texas-Ohio's pro forma tariff does not comply with these requirements; it is
directed to amend its tariff accordingly.
3. Capacity Release and Electronic Bulletin Board
Section 284.243 of the Commission's regulations, 18 C.F.R. 284.243,=20
requires
interstate pipelines offering firm transportation [*17]  to establish a=20
capacity
release mechanism that allows firm shippers to release all or part of their=20
firm
transportation capacity rights to any person who wants to obtain that capacity
by contracting with the pipeline. The release may be temporary, permanent, or
subject to conditions (i.e., on an interruptible basis). The pipeline must
allocate released capacity to the person offering the highest rate (not over=20
the
maximum rate) and offering to meet any other terms and conditions of the
release.
Order No. 636 requires pipelines to provide timely and equal access to any
and all information necessary for buyers and sellers to arrange gas sales and
capacity release, including information regarding the availability of capacity
at receipt and delivery points, and whether capacity is available from the
pipeline directly or through capacity releasing. This information must be=20
posted
on an electronic bulletin board (EBB).
Texas-Ohio's proposed tariff lacks these provisions. It must amend its pro
forma tariff to provide a capacity release mechanism and establish an EBB.
4. Upstream Capacity
Section 284.242 of the Commission's regulations, 18 C.F.R. 284.242, provides
that an interstate [*18]  pipeline that offers transportation service on a=20
firm
basis under subparts B or G of Part 284 must offer, without undue
discrimination, to assign to its firm shippers its firm transportation=20
capacity,
including contract storage, on all upstream pipelines. Texas-Ohio does not
appear to hold any upstream capacity. In the tariff filing it is required to
make to comply with the requirements of Order No. 636, Texas-Ohio should state
whether it holds any capacity on upstream pipelines. If it does, Texas-Ohio=20
must
=0F,                                                                         =20
PAGE 8
69 F.E.R.C. P61,145; 1994 FERC LEXIS 2340, *18
revise its tariff to comply with Order No. 636.
5. Transition Costs
Texas-Ohio's filing predates Order No. 636 and consequently makes no=20
comment
regarding incurrence of transition costs. Accordingly, we will not make a
determination at this time with respect to Texas-Ohio's level of transition
costs. III. Docket No. MT94-2-000 Pursuant to our order of December 23, 1993,
Texas-Ohio filed revised tariff sheets in Docket No. MT94-2-000 to comply with
the requirements of section 250.16(b), 18 C.F.R. 250.16(b). n13 With the
exception of the items discussed below, we find that Texas-Ohio's filing
complies with those requirements. n14
n13 Texas-Ohio Pipeline, Inc., 65 FERC 61,387 (1993). Section 250.16 of the
Commission's regulations requires interstate natural gas pipelines that
transport natural gas for others pursuant to subparts B, G, H, or K of Part=20
284,
and that are affiliated in any way with a natural gas marketing or brokering
entity, to file certain information relevant to that relationship.
n14 On June 17, 1994, Order No. 566 modified section 250.16(b) effective
August 1, 1994 by, among other things, eliminating the requirement that
pipelines (1) receive certain information from shippers in requests for
transportation service, (2) log and post on the EBB complaints made by=20
shippers,
and (3) include procedures to communicate pricing and capacity information.
[*19]
The tariff sheets filed by Texas-Ohio do not set forth the information
required to be filed in a transportation request. Texas-Ohio contends that=20
since
it is operating under a temporary certificate and is prohibited from providing
transportation service to new customers pending further action on its
application, that information is not applicable.
While Order No. 566 eliminated certain information previously required to=20
be
provided in the transportation request form, it still requires pipelines to
maintain a log of data used to allocate capacity. Texas-Ohio must comply with
this provision and file a transportation request form as specified.
Texas-Ohio can address this deficiency by either revising existing tariff
provisions, including its FTS and ITS request form, or by incorporating the
changes into Section 16 (Order No. 497 Compliance Procedures) of its proposed
tariff. Texas-Ohio must make a compliance filing within 45 days of the=20
issuance
of this order incorporating all information required by Order Nos. 497 and=20
566.
Additionally, since the tariff sheets Texas-Ohio filed in Docket No.=20
MT94-2-000
are not pro forma, Texas-Ohio should filed corrected tariff sheets in a form
[*20]  acceptable to become effective upon issuance of an order in this
proceeding.
IV.Environmental Matters
On August 22, 1990, Texas-Ohio notified the Commission that it intended to
commence construction of the Hunter Pipeline and that the facilities would be
used for the transportation of natural gas under NGPA section 311(a)(2). This
notice provided the environmental information required by section 157.206(d)=20
of
the Commission's regulations.
=0F,                                                                         =20
PAGE 9
69 F.E.R.C. P61,145; 1994 FERC LEXIS 2340, *20
To ensure that operation of the Hunter Pipeline compressors complies with=20
the
noise requirements of section 157.206(d)(5), Texas-Ohio must perform a
post-construction sound survey of the compressor station. This survey must be
performed not later than 30 days after the date of issuance of this order. n15
Texas-Ohio's application for a Part 157, subpart A certificate to operate the
Hunter Pipeline and a Part 284, subpart G blanket transportation certificate
relies solely on the use of existing facilities; no additional construction
authorization is requested or granted. Accordingly, subject to Texas-Ohio's
compliance with section 157.206(d)(5), we conclude that approval of the=20
instant
application is not a major Federal action significantly affecting [*21]  the
quality of the human environment.
n15 Section 157.206(d)(5) provides that the noise attributable to any
compressor facility shall not exceed a day-night sound level of 55 dB(A) at=20
any
existing noise-sensitive areas.V. IESCO's Protest
In its protest and request for an evidentiary hearing, IESCO charges that
Texas-Ohio's jurisdictional status must be determined as a precondition to the
issuance of a certificate.
IESCO states that if Texas-Ohio was not a interstate pipeline for the=20
period
from November 1990 through June 3, 1991, it could not legally offer NGPA=20
section
311(a)(2) service and competing sellers of gas (such as IESCO) could have been
unfairly deprived of their markets.
The Commission's January 15, 1992 order issuing Texas-Ohio a temporary
certificate to operate the Hunter Pipeline laid to rest concerns regarding
Texas-Ohio's jurisdictional status. Further, Texas-Ohio agreed in the=20
settlement
approved in the Commission's October 18, 1993, order to comply with the NGA,
NGPA, and the Commission's regulations. This order issues Texas-Ohio a case-
specific certificate pursuant to subpart A of Part 157 and a blanket
transportation certificate pursuant to subpart G of [*22]  Part 284. No
questions remain as to the jurisdictional status of Texas-Ohio.
IESCO then complains that Texas-Ohio should have held an open-season during
which prospective shippers would have an opportunity to obtain services on the
Hunter Pipeline. As discussed above, the Commission has investigated
Texas-Ohio's operation and determined, among other things, that Texas-Ohio
notified only its marketing affiliate and the marketing affiliate's customers=20
of
the availability of capacity prior to construction of the Hunter Pipeline. The
Commission's policies require Texas-Ohio to use a non-discriminatory method of
selecting customers for both firm and interruptible transportation service=20
when
operating under Part 284. n16 As noted above, we are holding that Texas-Ohio
must hold an open season prior to commencing service under its Part 284=20
blanket
certificate. This approach will ensure that prior notice of firm capacity is
made available to all interested parties on a contemporaneous basis and in a
non-discriminatory manner. n17
n16 18 C.F.R. 284.8(b) and 284.9(b).
n17 See, e.g., Pacific Gas Transmission Co., 54 FERC 61.035 at 61,154=20
(1991);
ANR Storage Co., 51 FERC 61,114 at 61.304 (1990). [*23]
IESCO next asserts that Texas-Ohio's proposed tariff does not assure that
nondiscriminatory service will be provided. We disagree. Acceptance by
=0F,                                                                        =20
PAGE 10
69 F.E.R.C. P61,145; 1994 FERC LEXIS 2340, *23
Texas-Ohio of the blanket transportation certificate authorized by this order,
and as conditioned herein, will subject Texas-Ohio to the full range of the
Commission's requirements, including those prohibiting discriminatory=20
practices.
IESCO states that Texas-Ohio must be required to comply with the provisions
of the Affiliated Marketer Rule. As we noted in the order issuing a temporary
certificate, Order Nos. 497 and 497-A apply to all interstate pipelines with
affiliated marketers. Upon acceptance of the temporary certificate Texas- Ohio
became subject to the conditions of those orders. n18 Texas-Ohio's standards=20
of
conduct implementing Order No. 497, filed in Docket No. MG93-5-000, have been
accepted by the Commission. n19 When Texas-Ohio complies with this order's
directions, Texas-Ohio will be in full compliance with Order No. 497.
n18 Texas-Ohio Pipeline, Inc., 58 FERC 61.025 (1992).
n19 Texas-Ohio Pipeline, Inc., 65 FERC 61,387 (1993); Texas- Ohio Pipeline,
Inc., 67 FERC 61,149 (1994). [*24]
IESCO asserts that Texas-Ohio's proposed rates have not been shown to be
required by the present or future public convenience and necessity. It is
particularly concerned with the fact that Texas-Ohio seeks to depreciate its
facilities over a ten-year period. As discussed above, we agree that
Texas-Ohio's proposed rates and ten-year depreciation period are=20
inappropriate,
and we have required adjustments to those figures as appropriate.
IESCO also raises in its protest issues relating to Texas- Ohio's=20
application
for a temporary certificate. Those issues were addressed in our January 15,=20
1992
order issuing a temporary certificate. Issues raised by IESCO on rehearing of
that order are discussed below.
In view of our disposition of the issues raised by IESCO, we find that=20
there
are no disputed material issues of fact and, therefore, no need for an
evidentiary trial-type hearing. n20
n20 See Arkla Gathering Services Co., 67 FERC 61,257 (1994).VI. Request for
Rehearing
On February 14, 1992, IESCO filed a request for rehearing of the=20
Commission's
January 15, 1992 order issuing Texas-Ohio a temporary certificate. IESCO
contends first that issuance of the temporary [*25]  certificate to Texas-Ohio
was unlawful on three grounds: (1) the Commission acted beyond its statutory
authority because it improperly determined that an emergency existed; (2) even
if an emergency existed, the Commission failed to make adequate findings
supported by substantial evidence; and (3) the Commission failed to resolve
jurisdictional and tariff issues in connection with issuance of the temporary
certificate.
NGA section 7(c)(1)(B) provides that "the Commission may issue a temporary
certificate in cases of emergency, to assure maintenance of adequate service=20
or
to serve particular customers without notice or hearing, pending the
determination of an application for a [permanent] certificate . . . ." The=20
order
issuing a temporary certificate expressly found that an emergency exists=20
within
the meaning of section 7(c)(1)(B) of the Natural Gas Act and section 157.17 of
the Commission's regulations, and that the public convenience and necessity
required the issuance of a temporary certificate authorizing Texas-Ohio's
=0F,                                                                        =20
PAGE 11
69 F.E.R.C. P61,145; 1994 FERC LEXIS 2340, *25
operation of the Hunter Pipeline in order to continue service to existing
customers who had been relying on that service. n21 In support thereof, the
order referenced [*26]  the fact that: (1) Raritan River Steel Company, the
largest employer in Perth Amboy, New Jersey would be forced to purchase gas=20
at a
higher price and might have to close its plant with disastrous impacts on the
community; and (2) a number of entities, including the Philadelphia Housing
Authority, the Dartmouth Finishing Corporation, and various schools indicated
that they are operating under strained budgets and that the inability to
transport gas on Texas-Ohio would result in severe fiscal restraints.
n21 Texas-Ohio Pipeline, Inc., 58 FERC 61,025 at 61,059 (1992).
Under these circumstances, we believe that an emergency situation was shown
to exist within the standard established by NGA section 7 and that this
conclusion is appropriately supported by the evidence relied upon in the=20
order.
n22
n22 See generally, Penn-York Energy Corp., 37 FERC 61,109 (1986);
Transcontinental Gas Pipe Line Corp., 34 FERC 61,402 (1986).
With regard to its assertion that the Commission failed to resolve certain
jurisdictional and tariff issues prior to the issuance of the temporary
certificate, IESCO complains that:  [*27]  (i) the Commission issued a=20
temporary
certificate without making a finding that Texas-Ohio is a "natural gas=20
company"
subject to the Commission's NGA jurisdiction; (ii) the failure to resolve the
jurisdictional issue leaves unresolved the question of whether a certificate=20
of
public convenience and necessity is needed for the construction of the Hunter
Pipeline; and (iii) the Commission has left unresolved the question of whether
an open-season is required to assure non-discriminatory access to Texas-Ohio's
facility, thus precluding shippers who were denied service from any=20
opportunity
to obtain service during the period that the temporary certificate is in=20
effect.
IESCO's arguments misapprehend the function of a temporary certificate. By
its very nature, issuance of a temporary certificate precedes decisions on
matters related to issuance of the permanent certificate. The issues raised by
IESCO are appropriate for decision in connection with the issuance of a
permanent certificate and we have addressed them above. n23
n23 We in fact noted in the January 15, 1992 order that the issues raised=20
by
IESCO relating to the jurisdictional status of Texas-Ohio and the provision of
service on a nondiscriminatory basis would be resolved upon consideration of=20
the
application for a permanent certificate. We stressed at that time that "the
grant of a temporary certificate is made to allow the resumption of service by
specific customers previously utilizing Texas-Ohio's facilities to prevent
hardship." Texas-Ohio Pipeline, Inc., 58 FERC 61,025 at 61,060 (1992). [*28]
IESCO also asserts that the Commission improperly refused to order an
evidentiary hearing before issuing the temporary certificate. IESCO alleges=20
that
efforts in Docket No. PR91-5-000 to determine the original and ultimate
destination of gas transported by Texas-Ohio were unsuccessful. It also states
that the proceedings in Docket No. PR91-5-000 and the instant docket have been
plagued by uncertainty over the identity of Texas- Ohio's customers and the
nature of the services rendered.
We disagree that an evidentiary hearing was required prior to the issuance=20
of
=0F,                                                                        =20
PAGE 12
69 F.E.R.C. P61,145; 1994 FERC LEXIS 2340, *28
the temporary certificate. NGA section 7(c) does not require either notice or
hearings in conjunction with the issuance of a temporary certificate. Even=20
where
the statute requires an evidentiary, trial-type hearing, it is necessary only
where material issues of fact are in dispute that cannot be resolved on the
basis of the written record. n24 The matters raised by IESCO are speculative=20
or
immaterial to the decision to issue a temporary certificate to allow the
resumption of specific services to specific customers. Finally, IESCO alleges
that the Commission failed to attach conditions needed to prevent abuse of the
temporary [*29]  certificate. IESCO states that the temporary certificate=20
should
have been expressly limited to serving customers previously served through the
Hunter Pipeline and that it should have included a condition for potential
refunds.
n24 Arkla Gathering Service Co., 67 FERC 61,257 (1994).
Our January 15, 1992 order specifically provided that the temporary
certificate is not a blanket authorization, but is limited to only those
customers with whom Texas-Ohio has existing transportation agreements. n25 The
order further specified that the grant of a temporary certificate is made to
allow the resumption of service by specific customers previously utilizing the
Hunter Pipeline. n26 Thus, the temporary certificate expressly limited service
to existing customers. Finally, the NGA does not provide for making initial
rates subject to refund.
n25 Id. at 61,059.
n26 Id. at 61,060.The Commission Orders:
(A) Upon the terms and conditions of this order, a certificate of public
convenience and necessity is issued to Texas-Ohio pursuant to subpart A of=20
Part
157 of the Commission's regulations, as amended from time to time, authorizing
it to operate the Hunter Pipeline [*30]  in interstate commerce.
(B) The certificate issued in Order Paragraph (A) above is conditioned upon
Texas-Ohio's compliance with Part 154 and paragraphs (a), (c)(3), (e), and (g)
of section 157.20 of the Commission's regulations.
(C) Upon the terms and conditions of this order, a blanket certificate of
public convenience and necessity is issued to Texas-Ohio authorizing it to
perform the activities specified in subpart G of Part 284 of the Commission's
regulations, as amended from time to time. The certificate issued to=20
Texas-Ohio
in Ordering Paragraph (A) above is conditioned upon Texas-Ohio's acceptance of
this blanket certificate.
(D) Upon the terms and conditions of this order, permission for and=20
approval
of the abandonment by Texas-Ohio of the services authorized in subpart G of=20
Part
284 of the Commission's regulations, as amended from time to time, are=20
granted.
(E) The certificate issued in Ordering Paragraph (C) above, the abandonment
authorized in Ordering Paragraph (D) above, and the rights granted thereunder
are conditioned on Texas-Ohio's compliance with the applicable Commission
regulations under the NGA, including Parts 154, 157, and 284, and paragraphs=20
(a)
and (e)  [*31]  of section 157.20 of the Commission's regulations.
(F) Texas-Ohio must make a filing within 45 days of the date of issuance of
=0F,                                                                        =20
PAGE 13
69 F.E.R.C. P61,145; 1994 FERC LEXIS 2340, *31
this order revising its tariff to implement the requirements of Order No. 636.
(G) Texas-Ohio must make a filing in Docket No. MT94-2-000 within 45 days=20
of
the date of issuance of this order revising its tariff to comply with Order=20
Nos.
497 and 566.
(H) Texas-Ohio must conduct an open-season to allocate capacity on its=20
system
to initiate Part 284 transportation within 30 days of the date of issuance of
this order.
(I) Texas-Ohio shall conduct a noise survey of its compressor station to
comply with 18 C.F.R. 157.206(d)(5) not later than 30 days after the date of
issuance of this order.
(J) IESCO's protest and request for a hearing is denied. (K) Energy=20
Marketing
Exchange's petition for leave to intervene out of time is granted.
(L) The motions of Texas-Ohio and IESCO to file answers dated December 26,
1991 and January 14, 1992, respectively, are granted.
APPENDIX:
APPENDIX
Pro Forma Tariff Analysis: Specific Comments
1. Rate Schedules FTS and/or ITS
Section 1 - Availability
In this section, Texas-Ohio reserves the right, in its sole judgement=20
(exercised
on a reasonable [*32]  and non-discriminatory basis) to decline service=20
whenever
it would be contrary to good operational practices or detrimental to other
customers. Texas- Ohio should revise this section to set out the specific
criteria or detrimental actions that would trigger this clause.
Section 1.(iii) of Rate Schedules FTS and ITS requires shippers to provide
Texas-Ohio with "acceptable" evidence of, among other things, gas supply,
market, and other transportation services. The term "acceptable" is vague and
subject to unduly discriminatory interpretation. Texas-Ohio must set forth
specifically the evidence required to be "acceptable".
Section 2- Applicability and Character of Service
Section 2.4 of Rate Schedule ITS states that transportation will be "subject=20
to
curtailment or interruption as deemed necessary in Texas-Ohio's discretion."=20
The
provision is vague and could result in unduly discriminatory application of
curtailment procedures. Texas-Ohio must modify the provision to detail the
specific operational characteristics and criteria used to determine the
conditions and need for curtailment.
Section 3 - Priority and Interruption of Transportation Service
=0F,                                                                        =20
PAGE 14
69 F.E.R.C. P61,145; 1994 FERC LEXIS 2340, *33
Section 3.2 of Rate Schedule  [*33]  FTS provides for firm service on a first
come, first served basis. However, Texas-Ohio retains a priority for customers
with existing FTS agreements. This provision is unduly discriminatory and must
be removed from the tariff.
Section 3.4 of Rate Schedule FTS provides that Texas-Ohio can curtail=20
service
due to reasons of force majeure "or any other operational considerations to be
reasonably determined by Texas- Ohio". Texas-Ohio must set forth the specific
operational considerations it would rely upon in exercising this authority.
In Section 3.5 of Rate Schedule FTS and Section 3.3 of Rate Schedule ITS,
Texas-Ohio proposes to suspend service if a shipper's account is unpaid for 30
days. Texas-Ohio can suspend service without prior Commission approval if a
customer fails to pay a billed amount within 30 days of the due date, but only
where 10 days notice is given and the shipper neither pays the bill nor=20
provides
guarantee of payment. Texas-Ohio must modify these provisions to provide for a
10 day notice period.
Section 4 - Requests for Transportation
Section 4.1 of Rate Schedules FTS and ITS states that a shipper must complete=20
a
FTS or ITS Request Form; however, no request  [*34]  form is included.
Texas-Ohio must establish a request form as part of its tariff. That form must
comply with the requirements of Order No. 497 as set forth in section=20
250.16(b)
of the Commission's regulations.
Section 5 - Operating Conditions
Section 5.1 of Rate Schedules FTS and ITS requires shippers to provide
Texas-Ohio with estimates of gas to be transported and such other operating=20
data
as Texas-Ohio may require. This section should be amended to specify what=20
other
operating data may be required of shippers.
Section 5.4 of Rate Schedules FTS and ITS specifies that Texas-Ohio will=20
not
provide service on any day for which all necessary upstream and downstream
arrangements cannot be confirmed. This clause should be amended to state that
any action will be taken on a non-discriminatory basis.
Section 6 - Rates
Section 6.2 of Rate Schedule FTS defines the monthly reservation and commodity
(usage) charge. Texas-Ohio should insert the word "maximum" in the second
sentence prior to "monthly commodity charge" and "unit commodity rate(s 
Section 9 - Waivers
Section 9 of Rate Schedule FTS provides that Texas-Ohio may waive any rights
hereunder or any obligations of a customer on [*35]  a basis which is not=20
unduly
discriminatory.  This language creates the impression that Texas-Ohio retains
the discretion to waive default by the shipper of any provision in the tariff.
This would give Texas-Ohio excessive latitude in operating under its tariff=20
and
provide an opportunity for undue discrimination among shippers. Waiver
provisions are permissible, but they must serve a functional purpose and=20
operate
under a specific and clearly defined set of circumstances. Texas-Ohio must
specify the criteria it will use in determining whether to waive a particular
=0F,                                                                        =20
PAGE 15
69 F.E.R.C. P61,145; 1994 FERC LEXIS 2340, *35
provision.
2. General Terms and Conditions
Texas-Ohio's pro forma tariff contains no scheduling or imbalance penalties.
Pipelines are permitted, but not required, to impose penalties to maintain
control of their system. If scheduling or imbalances become a problem in the
future, Texas- Ohio can make a tariff filing to propose appropriate penalties.
Section 2 - Transporter Receipt Point(s)
Section 2.2 provides that Texas-Ohio's obligation to receive and deliver=20
gas
shall never exceed the total daily volume Shipper is able and willing to
receive. Texas-Ohio must remove the words "and willing" from this provision.=20
The
phrase [*36]  is vague and could lead to discriminatory activities.
Section 5 - Nominations and Balancing Deliveries
Section 5.1 provides that a shipper will inform Texas-Ohio daily, "or on some
other basis as Transporter may reasonably require pursuant to such other
procedures as may be established and published by Transporter from time to=20
time
. . . ." of the daily gas quantity. The phrase is vague and should be replaced
with language specifying what other basis for notification is required (e.g.,
phone, fax, or telecopy).
Section 5.2 requires shippers to give Texas-Ohio notice 24 hours in advance
"or as Transporter may designate from time to time" of any change in the daily
quantity. Texas-Ohio should specify what alternative time frame would meet its
requirements or delete this phrase.
=0F,                                                                        =20
108CKF
**********  Print Completed 
Time of Request:   July 6, 2000  04:30 pm EST
Print Number:      59:0:11094435
Number of Lines:   661
Number of Pages:   15
=0F,
I didn't find any wells in this file.  Looks like you inadvertantly attached 
the wrong file.
Robert D Morgan
06/22/99 01:32 PM
Attached is a file showing the wells that GCO pulls charts on. 
Will,  Sharon left a voice mail indicating that you could set me up with a 
set of clubs on Saturday.  That sounds great.  I will plan on playing with 
you guys tomorrow.  Thanks.
I will review and get back to you by no later than tommorrow.
Stephanie Miller@
07/07/2000 01:30 PM
I asked Fannette to deliver a PA from WBI that needs to be executed and 
returned by July 14.  Can you please review and add the standard "management 
out" on our side.  I briefly reviewed and noticed that WBI has a couple of 
unilateral "outs", but nothing for us.
Please advise.
Thanks
Stephanie
Marlene,  I am not sure what you are asking me to do.  If these contracts are 
active then they should be put into whatever is the proper contract tracking 
system for these types of services contracts (transport, pooling, etc.).  If 
they are not active and are of no value, then they probably should not be put 
into the database.  However, this is not a legal question, but a business 
question.  If the business decision is made that they are of no value and 
inactive, then they should be terminated in accordance with their terms. 
Let me know if I am missing the point of your question.  If I am not, then I 
will return these contracts to you.
Marlene Hilliard
07/07/2000 12:17 PM
Gerald,
I have 62 contracts in  a box that I will be routing to you for your review These are active Columbia Energy Services Contracts that are not setup in our 
Global Contracts system.  We would like for you to make a legal determination 
whether to setup the contracts in our system or not.  Attached please find a 
spreadsheet to indicate whether or not to setup these contracts and your 
comments. 
Once completed, please forward the spreadsheet back to Sylvia Campos.
Marlene Hilliard
Kay,  Please see attached.  Thanks.
Ruth,  Attached is a redline with my revisions.  I will be forwarding two 
hard copies of the revisions to your attention.
I will have my comments to you by tomorrow shortly after lunch.
Chris Meyer
07/10/2000 02:16 PM
Gerald - here is the amendment.  Do you think you can have these done by 
tomorrow in the p.m.?
chris
x31666
Call to discuss or with questions.