The guy says, "Yeah, the dog didn't want to go hunting either."
Slow browser may need to wait 15 seconds for your email to appear, then scroll to view. mailto:leave-enerfaxdaily-799289M@relay.netatlantic.com to unsubscribe enerfaxdaily as: mwhitt@ect.enron.com forward to web@enerfax.com 
If your email does not support this web version, please subscribe to the free text version by writing subscribe@enerfax.com If you received this in error or no longer wish to subscribe click this link mailto:leave-enerfaxdaily-799289M@relay.netatlantic.com or forward to web@enerfax.com 
The graduate has to buy drinks for all of her unemployed friends!
I'm done!!  I'm all done!!  Remember when I left you guys a message after 
having my eyes done?  Well this is the same feeling.  It's just so great, I 
had to share it with all of you.  It's a tremendous feeling.  I can't stop 
smiling.  Thanks for all your help on my many little projects for school.
Talk to you guys later.  Take care,
Jess
please download and make a backup copy.
Ireached Barry yeaterday at 011-529-848-7400  Rm.1607.
Are you sure your info is correct?
fyi
Yes
did you send this to Louise and John L?
You can reach Barry at the Westin Regina Resort at (998) 848-7400 in room 1907.
Please fax this to the fax number I provided last week.
Mr. Whitt:
Attached is a letter regarding the above-referenced matter.  If you have any questions, please call.
Patricia Flanigan
Bear Paw Energy, LLC
1400 16th Street, Suite 310
Denver CO  80202
Phone: 720-946-3661
Fax:  720-946-3710
tricia.flanigan@
Let's get a new product.
I think they will struggle to get the 175 MM/d.  Have you heard anybody else contemplating taking space on Western Frontier?
Thanks for the information.  I am a little surprised by Marathon.
FYI - WE'RE CHECKING ON ENTERGY
WILLIAMS PUTS MEAT ON THE BONES OF WESTERN FRONTIER PROJECT DESIGN
Touting a need for more pipeline capacity linking the "prolific" supply basins of the central Rockies and increasingly hungry Mid-Continent markets, The Williams Cos. Inc. last week took the next step by filing for authorization to build and operate the Western Frontier project.
The sponsor has in hand four negotiated-rate deals for long-term service covering roughly two-thirds of the 540,000 Dt/day of project design capacity, it told FERC in an Oct. 24 certificate application (CP02-11). Williams wants to have the $366 million project up and running by Nov. 1, 2003; it asked the commission to issue a final certificate by Dec. 11, 2002, so that it can commence construction by the following April.
Williams unveiled initial plans for Western Frontier early last summer (IF, 9 July, 14) and held an open season in June and July. To carry gas from the Power River, Big Horn, Wind River and Green River basins- estimated to hold 173 Tcf of potential and recoverable reserves - the new 30-inch-diameter mainline would run 398 miles, starting at the Cheyenne Hub and ending at an interconnection with the system of affiliate Williams Gas Pipelines Central Inc. in Beaver County, Okla. Characterizing the Cheyenne Hub as "a liquid point of supply," Williams asserted that "presently, supply capability to the hub has outpaced transportation capacity away from the hub to market areas due to insufficient pipeline infrastructure."
Along the way, the Western Frontier mainline would make another interconnection with Williams Central as well as with Northern Natural Gas Co., ANR Pipeline Co., Natural Gas Pipeline Co. of America and Panhandle Eastern Pipeline Co., "thus providing multiple avenues for gas produced in the central Rockies to be transported throughout the Mid-Continent using the existing pipeline grid."
To "further enhance its supply options," the sponsor wants to build a 9.7-mile lateral from the mainline to the Wattenberg gas processing plant east of Denver to tap the Denver-Julesberg basin. Rounding out the project design are two new compressor stations, the 10,000-horsepower Chalk Bluff station to be constructed at the Cheyenne Hub and the 20,000-hp Denver station to be built in Adams County, Colo. Following the open season, Williams hammered out precedent agreements with Marathon Oil Co. (75,000 Dt/day), Williams Energy Marketing and Trading Co. (200,000 Dt/day), Utilicorp United Inc. (15,000 Dt/day) and Entergy Power Generation Corp. (75,000 Dt/day). The initial term for the deals is 10 years, except for Marathon which committed to a five-year term with an option to extend it an additional two years, said the application.
"Other shippers have expressed serious interest for the remaining capacity on Western Frontier, and active negotiations are moving forward with these potential shippers," said the application, adding that Williams was "confident . . . that the remaining capacity will be committed in the upcoming months." With the addition of compression, the project could "facilitate relatively inexpensive expansions to accommodate future market growth," the sponsor told FERC. And that may well be necessary, it continued, pointing to "stagnant to declining supply" in the Mid-Continent basins coupled with "projected demand increases." As in many areas of the country, "much of the anticipated demand increase is attributed to installation and operation of . . . gas-fired electrical generation," it said. The 11,439 Mw of "active winter generating capacity" in the combined service areas of Western Frontier and Williams Central is expected to more than double by 2004, said Williams.
The application seeks negotiated rate authority for the project operator, Western Frontier Pipeline Co. LLC, and approval of initial recourse rates. The maximum daily reservation rate under schedule FTS would be 35?/Dt for contract demand in Zone 1 and 79.4?/Dt in Zone 2. Under the negotiated deals reached with the four "anchor" shippers, Utilicorp and Entergy would pay a combined reservation and commodity rate of 25?/Dt at a 100% load factor for Zone 1 service to the Williams Central Hugoton station in Kansas, while WEM&T would pay a combined rate of 30?/Dt for Zone 2 transportation to the Williams Central system in Oklahoma and Marathon would pay 32?/Dt under the shorter contract for Zone 2 service to interconnects with ANR, Panhandle and Williams Central in
Oklahoma. All transportation would originate at the Cheyenne Hub.
I don't recall a fax number.   I received an email from you that said you were going to forward to your credit department, but I don't remember a fax number 
Tricia
Please fax this to the fax number I provided last week.
Mr. Whitt:
Attached is a letter regarding the above-referenced matter.  If you have any questions, please call.
Patricia Flanigan
Bear Paw Energy, LLC
1400 16th Street, Suite 310
Denver CO  80202
Phone: 720-946-3661
Fax:  720-946-3710
tricia.flanigan@
Look at the weekly strategy product for producers.  Let's see what one of these will look like for our customers.
That sounds good.
Mark - do you want to meet before the PUC hearing on Thursday at 8:30?  How meeting me in the lobby of the downtown Hyatt at 7:30am?
We are probably more interested in people who have more experience in the Western U.S.  Preferably direct producer relationships and Rocky Mountain Utilities and Industrials.  We don't do any trading in the Denver office.
Thanks for the lead though.
Good afternoon, Mark.
Thank you for the opportunity to speak with you on the 15th and regale you
with the background and talents of Christian Schutz.  Just following up to
see if there are any opportunities within your offices that you would be
interested in speaking with him about.  Christian is extremely motivated to
get to Denver and asked that I follow up with you.
Thank you and 
Jennifer L. Beard
Vice President, Client Services
The Austin Group Energy, LP
(281) 497-8595
jbeard@austingrp.com
Visit our Website
www.austingrp.com
 Here is a pretty neat little thing from Paul Harvey.  See if you can guess
 the riddle at the end.