P.S.  For some reason, I can't send Van mail, so could someone maybe
forward this to him?
Leave for Vegas Thursday Afternoon, April 26th.  Come Back Sunday April 29th.
John, not going to be able to make the Barton creek trip; however, the Vegas trip would be fun ... I will check into planes.  What did you have in mind as far as specific times and dates?
Dave
Recession, What Recession.
Barton Creek was full the weekend of the 20th and 21st.  Dorie managed to get me a room.  However, the Golf times were non existant so I figured I would play it by ear and try to book later.  If you and Donna want to join us feel free 
The next weekend the 27th and 28th is the weekend that I may go to Vegas.  I may also stay and play lots of Golf here.  Let me know your thoughts.
Lavo 
My Picks (Lav)
Elias nj
Jagr pitt
Lemieux pitt
Kovalev pitt
Yashin ott
turgeon st. louis
tkachuk st. louis
pronger st. louis
sakic  col
forsberg col
yzerman det
modano dall
brodeur nj
Gentlemen,
After consult with Red Skelton, pool entry deadline is now
Wed April 11 at 4 pm.  Games don't start til Wed pm.  E-mail your
12 players PLUS 1 goalie to me.  Will try Vulcan mind meld
tonight to try and reach Mac.
Chris
get a job
Gentlemen,
Lav has officially entered the fray, albeit with an
uncharacteristically bland and ineffectual lineup.  Your chance
to exact revenge for past pools has arrived.
Chris
We were thinking of having another interview session for the Trading Tract later this month.   I've been screening outside resumes but internally we haven't received many suggestions from each of you about other people already at Enron.  If you think anyone could qualify send the name to Karen Buckley.  If we don't have enough candidates, we will wait until the new analysts and associates arrive and do a session then.
Lavo
How about Mezaluna?
Good Afternoon Mr. Lavorato
please find enclosed your Tee-times here at Barton creek
Golf Course         Time                 Date           #Players
Crenshaw Cliffside  1.32pm         4/20       2 Players
Fazio Canyons  11.40 am       4/21       2 players
All Spa reservaitons should be reserved in advance by calling 512. 329
4550. The Hours of Operation: 8am - 8pm
Please check-in at the Spa at least 15 minutes prior to your first
appointment.  All services available in the Spa, can be viewed on our
Website www.bartoncreek.com.
If you could provide me with soem more details about where you would like
to have dinner what type of food you are interested in eating. I can then
pass this information onto our Concierge staff, this will help them narrow
down the restaurants available during your stay in Austin.
If I can be of anynore assistance please do not hesitate to coantact me at
1 800 336 6158 or via email.
Sincerely
Olivia Ross
When I win, just send me the difference.
Lav
Hello out there,
Just a reminder I prefer new, unfolded, crisp bills.
Chris
Set me up
Chinese Wall training of one hour has been scheduled on the dates listed below.  The training is mandatory and allows EWS to continue operating all its businesses including equity trading without violating the securities laws.
Please register for one of the four one-hour sessions listed below.  Each session is tailored to a particular commercial group, and it would be preferable if you could attend the session for your group.  (Your particular group is the one highlighted in bold on the list below 
Monday, March 5, 2001, 10:00 a.m. - Resource Group
Monday, March 5, 2001, 11:00 a.m. - Origination/Business Development
Monday, March 5, 2001, 3:30 p.m. - Financial Trading Group
Monday, March 5, 2001, 4:30 p.m.  - Heads of Trading Desks
Each of the above sessions will be held at the downtown Hyatt Regency Hotel in Sandalwood Rooms A & B.  Alterntatively, two make-up sessions are scheduled for Tuesday, March 13, 2001 at 3:30 p.m. and 4:30 p.m.  Location information for the make-up sessions will be announced later.
Please confirm your attendance at one of these sessions with Brenda Whitehead by e-mailing her at brenda.whitehead@ or calling her at extension 3-5438.
Mark Frevert and Mark Haedicke
I wish I could help.
To add an element of fun to tonight's hockey,  whomever is going against Brad should "team up" and make a concerted effort to  NOT allow him to carry the puck over the blue line. If two or three guys "rush"  him, he will be forced to "dish the puck" off to a teammate, which he HATES to  do on a rush. He is not happy unless he either shoots or makes a sleek,  goal-mouth pass. His natural arrogance will force him to try to beat all those  who challenge him. If you check him or he makes a bad pass, he gets furious and  is LOTS of fun to watch.
I, for one, am changing teams tonight just to do  this . If I succeed only once, it will have been well worth it!
,
Joe.
Joseph Galea
McGown Intermac Inc.
160 Bloor  Street East
Suite # 1124
Toronto, Ontario  M4W 1B9
Ph. #  416-966-1622
Fax. # 416-966-1434
i'm not sure
Hi John,
Are you okay with combining the Retail line and Executive line for Canada?
I am currently looking at reconciling Canada's P&L numbers for Q1 and Q2 to the ENA Earnings Estimate for Q1 & Q2 for 2001.  Could you let me know who is responsible for generating the total margin, direct & operating expenses and capital charge numbers for Canada in the ENA Earnings Estimate file?  In addition, can you please combine the Retail (Milnthorp) and Executive (Milnthorp) rows together on the Q1 and Q2 Earnings Estimate as the Retail division no longer exists in Canada 
Thank you in advance for your assistance.
Grant
Goal :  Fun in 2001
Dave,
Greg is requesting Enron Americas' 2001 Goals & Objectives (no more than 3 to 4 each) asap.
Many Thanks,
Liz Taylor x31935
Put this in my central desk binder - gas.
Louise/John:
Attached are the specific numbers associated with the Central Region Goals/Objectives for 2001.  If you have questions or require additional clarification, please contact me at 312/541-1225.
Thanx,
Laura
Joe
First of all - blow me.
Second, my wife is expecting in early November so I might be able to slip away in September.  I would vote for anything that would require one flight from Houston.  I'm sure Rich would agree.  ie.  Timmins would be tough.  I would love to join you all and get mocked for an entire weekend.
Lav
or Lavo as the hacks down here call me.
As anticipated when the constraints of having  the "luck of the draw" taken out of the equation, I have moved into a first  place draw with Headley Jones in our newly formatted hockey pool. I never  once drew first pick in all previous Uncle Buzzy pools (remember him?) , so  this feels particularly sweet. With one game left, all I need is one point  from either Jason Arnott or Beretta Blake to stand alone. My only worry is a  Brodeur shut-out.
I offered Don Headley a split earlier when I was 7  points back, but he chose to poke fun instead. Charles, whose not even in the  pool, cried collusion, to which I explained to him that for this to be the case,  1. Discussions would have had to be held "in camera"  and 2. Others would have to be negatively impacted.  Neither of these criteria were met. I was simply being a good  capitalist.
Regardless, our American friends have yet to pony  in, nor has Galea ll, and I want my clams immediately! McConvey ( in  perhaps the orangiest, sweetest moment of all), please send the $20 owing  to my employer's address below, I do not want you having  access to my home address.
On as totally separate note, I'm beginning to now  look past when my son Yanic arrives and hold true in my very public decree that  having a child will not totally change my life. As such, we should open up  discussions on a second annual road trip, perhaps in late September? I know  Glove is very interested this year, and I'm sure Lav could be pried away from  cooking his companies books for a long week-end. We could always do Tremblant  again, but I'm in Mack's corner (for the first time ever!) in stating that I  could care less if we golf!!! Perhaps we could do Vegas, visit Lav or Glove (  which their respective wives would love) or simply go to my cottage. It doesn't  really matter, as long as we're together for a few laughs!!!!!! Air Canada is  offering $235 flights to Norfolk and Charleston, but that would obviously mean  golf, which increasingly irritates me with all its gimmicky  bullshit!!
So the floor is open for discussion, and knowing us  , I hope you all have enough space in your hard drive for the written  diarrhea that you're about to be assaulted with over the next month, until we  can all agree on something! Are you ready Charles? (" If he's in, I'm OUT!)".  Hey McConvey, are you going live a little outside that Weston comfort zone of  yours and spend a few shillings elsewhere?
Let the witchypooing begin. I'll explain that to  you later Lav.
Joseph Galea
McGown Intermac Inc.
160 Bloor  Street East
Suite # 1124
Toronto, Ontario  M4W 1B9
Ph. #  416-966-1622
Fax. # 416-966-1434
Dave,
Attached please find our 2001 Plan.  It contains things we think you will want to talk about.  It is intended to help frame the discussion during our scheduled time together this week.  If something you wish to talk about is missing please let me know and we will come prepared to discuss it on Thursday.
Thanks,
Kish
PS - I will be in Houston starting Wednesday (to do some performance appraisals) and Orlando will be arriving early Thursday morning should you need to contact either of us the next few days.
Enron Energy Services Loss Notification
LIMIT		-	($7.00 Million)
LOSS		-	($34.81 Million)
We were thinking of having another interview session for the Trading Tract later this month.   I've been screening outside resumes but internally we haven't received many suggestions from each of you about other people already at Enron.  If you think anyone could qualify send the name to Karen Buckley.  If we don't have enough candidates, we will wait until the new analysts and associates arrive and do a session then.
Lavo
Take a two week vacation 
ouch! I'm trying not to look at emails but some are difficult to ignore.   Oh well  - we have seen worse.
Louise
Chris Abel
05/15/2001 03:56 PM
Attached is the Enron Americas gas VAR limit violation for May 14, 2001.  The Office of the Chair for Enron Americas is responsible for printing out a hard copy of this memo, signing it and returning the hard copy to Chris Abel who will forward it to RAC to obtain their signature 
Please call me at X33102 if you have any questions.
Thanks,
Chris Abel
Ben
What bid would you show me to take the price risk and capital charge on these units.
John
John:
Fred Mitro and I just got off the phone with Duncan Croasdale at Enron Canada regarding the 11N1s. He indicated that, although nothing has been signed yet, that they are working on several leads. Steve Thome (he works for Calger) is also pursuing a lead on these units with Montana Power.
Duncan advised me and Fred that the units are on Canada's books for US$38 million, and the asking price is US$39.5 million.
I am happy to take these units on as you requested. Fred Mitro and Chris Booth in my group, who also worked on the successful LM6000 sales and pending GE7EA and SW501D5A sales, can be made available to work on a sale of these units. In my conversation with Duncan, however, he indicated his group wants us to instead help to provide customer leads which we would turn over to them. We can certainly do this as an alternative to taking the units on directly.
Please let me know how you would like us to proceed.
,
Ben
Email me a resume and your career goals.
D ear John,
I am first  year MBA student at Richard Ivey School of Business, University of Western  Ontario. 
I  have a bachelors degree in electrical engineering and prior to returning to the  business school Iworked in oil &  gas and telecom industries. I was interested in finding out  oppertunities for summer internships at Enron that will eventually lead towards Enron's  Associate program for full time employment.
I  understand that you must have a very busy schedule due to your position. I would  appreciate any kind of advice and  guidanceand will look forward to  hearing from you.
Irfan  Ali
Irfan  Ali
MBA Class of 2002
Richard Ivey School of  Business
Tel : (519) 642 3052  
Greg do you agree with the notes below.
John
FYI.  Here is our agenda for the FERC staff that is coming to Houston to visit next Monday.  Please call if you have any questions.
Jim
Marvin -- We look forward to your visit.
Agenda for Meeting at Enron
Monday, June 11
12:15:		FERC Team arrives at Enron	
1400 Smith Street
Come to the Front Desk -- Sarah Novosel (Senior Director, Federal Regulatory Affairs) 
and Christi Nicolay (Senior Director, Power Trading, Federal Regulatory Affairs) 
will be waiting to meet you and sign you in with security
12:30-1:30	Lunch with Christi Nicolay, Sarah Novosel, Jim Steffes (Vice President, Government Affairs)
1:30 - 2:30	Presentation by Dave Forster, Vice President, EnronOnline
2:30 - 3:00	Tour of Power Trading Floor with meeting and demonstration of trading activities with 
Kevin Presto, Vice President 
3:00 - 3:30	Tour of Gas Trading Floor with meeting and demonstration of trading activities 
with Phillip Allen, Managing Director,  West Gas Trading 
3:30 - 4:00	Wrap Up
fyi
Friday is the day when we are supposed to close the Alamac sale to AIG Highstar.  Should we fail to close this transaction, we should look to our potential alternatives for withdrawing from the fund, unless of course we view that we will close but it will happen over the few days following.    Interestingly, AIG may be planning to use further funds raised to create a second fund rather than add to the current fund leaving us with more of a percentage ownership but less capability of accessing the deals (fuel supply, despatch and EPC rights would not be attached to any second fund).
We also have far too many people talking to AIG now and we need to stop this immediately, going forward only Joe Deffner should communicate with Bob as at the moment we have too many people doing all of the work for AIG for no return.  As of Friday or the close of Alamac - Bob can only talk through Joe.  We are not in the business of doing work for this fund.
Can you put together (only if we fail to close) a short review for John of why we should stay in the fund over removing ourselves.  I recognize that contractually we have no capability of exiting at this point but I know you think differently and I hope you are right.  My view is that we need to get out as we have no control over their investments.  I have spoken to Brian Stanley on this fund and Brian is (unless someone in his group has a reason not to)  happy to follow whatever approach we take particularly as EE&CC is no longer a EPC company.
Send me a cleaner summary of your curve on 1/17/200.  All I want is a the curve by year - peak/off peak and total.
no
Louise will be out of the office, do you want to do this?
k
Kim,
Salomon Smith Barney will bring 6 Italian institutional investors to visit Enron on May 21st @ 11:30 a.m.  They are very interested in our wholesale business and  Paula Rieker would like to have John Lavorato, if he is available, meet with them.  We will be arranging a lunch in 50M03 
Please let me know if John Lavorato would be available for this meeting 
Thanks, 
Laura
Aucoin
Gentlemen,
Who would you recommend?
ENA		Brawner
Aucoin
Kuykendall
EIM		Klein
Moulton
EGM		Green
Fraser
ENW		Samuels
David
David,
Per my voicemail, the Associate and Analyst Program is currently looking for additional Director level Analyst PRC Representatives.  The breakdown that is needed is as follows:
1 - Enron Americas
1 - EIM
2 - EGM
Your previous nominations made at the end of the year will be used which will helps to reduce the number of Analysts for each Representative to ten.  However, we need more Representatives.  Again, we are looking for the Directors that are considered to be the up and comers in these business units.  The Analysts that will depend on them need to know that they are people who are willing to take on this responsibility and represent them fairly 
We would like to have your new nominations by March 1st so we may begin communicating to the new Analyst PRC Representative Board.  Please let me know if you have any questions.  Thanks so much.
Great 
John, we closed our first management services arrangement with a royalty trust - ARC Resources (~60mm/d) for a 2 year term. For your information, Eric and Cyntia have been aggressively targeting the Royalty Trust Co.'s as they should be a perfect fit re reducing/fixing G&A, back-office costs, etc.
I am of the opinion it will close Wednesday. Legal teams meeting tomorrow for final review. Municipal Resolution received and accepted by our legal today. Bank transfers being set up tomorrow for Wednesday 2 pm. But we have been here before. Will advise 
MFG
Joe Kishkill
02/19/2001 07:08 PM
The municipality approved the outstanding issue and produced a resolution.  Haedicke needs to review the resolution.  If no issues in the resolution then we should close on Wednesday.  Mike is working the details...anything to add Mike?
Kish
What happened with Arcor.
Lavo
Hello everyone.
In December we decided to kill our planned offsite due to market volatility.  Louise and I would like to get everyone together offsite, probably in late June (once Louise is back from holiday (just kidding)).  I think it's time to go have a little fun with the group driving Enron's success. 
I would like suggestions as to:
1)  Where to go.
2)  What should be the focus of the business meetings.
3)  Should we have business meetings or should we do something else (ie. climb a mountain)?  I'm not a strong bid on climbing a mountain. 
4)  And any other ideas you have.
In addition I would like to start having staff meetings about once a month.  The first one will be Friday May 11th at 2:30 p.m.  Please add this to your schedule.  I have invited everyone who has P/L responsibility.  Portland, Calgary and Toronto will have to be on Video or Phone conference 
John
kIM PRINT THIS STUFF AND MAKE IT A HIGH PRIORITY FOR ME TODAY,.
Per your request here are the documents you might need regarding Arcor. This was what Dave reviewed last with the exception of the latest currency forwards.
Short Story Version:	Plant close pending Monday February 12th
Need Skilling's approval because most recent revisions to the dash incorporated a new market view of Argentina devaluation risk 				lowered the Project IRR below RAC Capital Price 18.92% vs 21.88%.
Additional $800,000 not in the dash from true up structure and major maintenance savings.
Currency forwards significantly down since the project was reviewed in December due to 40 Billion IMF Argentine package
Low cost commercial platform to build from $180 per KW
Liquid market to resell asset due to pending utility privatization in Cordoba
Please let me know if you have any questions I am in town until Thursday afternoon.
MFG
Project Overview
Original Dash  
Amended Dash
Heat Rate Curve
Upside Analysis
Currency Forwards-February 6, 2001
Months		Future FX	Cost p.a.
1		1.0007		0.8%
2		1.0015		0.9%
3		1.0030		1.20%
6		1.015		3.00%
9		1.025		3.35%
12		1.04		4.00%
24		1.085		4.16%
36		1.15		4.77%	
Currency Forwards-Late December 2000
Congrats
Please put a plan together for me.
John
As of this moment the acquisition of the Arcor Modesto Maranzana Power Facility has been completed. All documents and assets have been executed and/or transferred. =20
Congratulations to the deal team and all those who have diligently worked on this project over the past eighteen months. Your efforts our are greatly appreciated and you have achieved bottom line results for Enron.
Michael F. Guerriero
How many groups does Don have?
We are pleased to announce the creation of a new group - Asset Marketing - within Enron Americas. The Asset Marketing group will have responsibility for the asset divestment function within Enron Americas and work with Generation Investments on selected portfolio acquisitions as well as managing power origination funding requirements with Treasury 
Don Miller will head the Asset Marketing group and will report directly to the Office of the Chair, Enron Americas. Joining Don's group will be Stuart Zisman.  Stuart was formerly in ENA Legal, having most recently worked on the sale of ENA's peaker plants with Don.
Please join us in congratulating Don and Stuart in their new roles.
Please get someone to deal with this.
all yours
Teresa Bosien@
02/21/2001 04:07 PM
In order for the Enron Performance Review process to work effectively, it is essential that employees receive written performance evaluations. The attached list indicates Associates and Analysts in your business unit for whom we have not received written YE2000 performance evaluations.  Thank you for your attention to this matter.  If you need any additional information please do not hesitate to contact me.
Terry Bosien
Human Resource Manager, Associate and Analyst Programs
We have had 100 percent turnover in our risk group in the last 9 months, including two people leaving in the last week.  One of the main frustrations comes from many overtime hours spent working through technology issues 
Last Friday is a typical example.  The three members of our risk group were here until about 10 PM Friday night working through a problem caused by Technology.  For some reason, our Futures position was dropping out of our positions.  They noticed this and stayed until it was fixed.  It turns out that a DBA somewhere made a change that caused the mapping of our Futures positions to change.  Had this person communicated to people what he/she was doing, it is my understanding that the problem could have been avoided.  Stated another way, lack of communication by someone in technology caused our risk group to work an extra 15 hours on Friday night.  I should add that one or more people in technology had to work extra on Friday as well.
It is so frustrating to see this sort of thing happen over and over.  The list of little things that cause lots of extra work is so long that it is not funny.  It kills morale and burns out smart, hard working people.  What do you think we can do to change this situation?
Sources have conducted the following "off-the-record" interview with a BC Hydro executive 
Executive Summary
BC Hydro projected capacity 
BC Hydro/Liberal Government's export policy
BC Hydro expanded capacity projects
BC Hydro Capacity
The individual stated that BC Hydro is convinced it has sufficient capacity to supply British Colombia through 2005, even if faced with increasing demand from business expansion.  He stated that BC Hydro's long-term contracts to supply power to the grid in the Western US amounted to only 1% of BC Hydro's capacity.  Therefore, the company likely would continue to be active in the spot market through Powerex, the company's "main revenue generator."  For example, according to a company report, BC Hydro benefited from a revenue increase of $2.876 billion Canadian for the first 9 months of fiscal 2001, largely due to spot market trading.
BC Hydro Exports
BC Hydro feels the new Liberal government likely will "make a concerted effort to expand capacity" in British Colombia. Likewise, since the Liberal government will be "business-oriented," the BC Hydro official expects the government to promote increased exports of power to the US.  However, the individual cautioned that there would likely be a public relations battle on this point, as "people don't necessarily favor increasing capacity to produce energy for export."  This is due to broad-based environmental opposition to building more plants.  Therefore, in the long-term BC Hydro's new projects will favor "green alternatives" such as dam expansion and biomass, thermal and solar plants over gas-fired plants.
The spokesman stated that the Liberal Party intends to go forward with its campaign promise to remove BC Hydro's monopoly on power.  If and when this happens, relations between the company and the government are expected to "quickly sour."
BC Hydro Capacity Projects
BC Hydro is pursuing a number of new projects to expand/improve generation capacity, including:
Seven-Mile Dam -- BC Hydro will likely add a 213 MW turbine to the 3 units already in place
Revelstoke Dam -- BC Hydro is "looking very seriously" at adding a 500 MW unit to the 4 units already in place.  There is also the potential to add a 5th 500 MW unit, though this is not being considered at this time.
Site C Dam -- A plan for a 960 MW dam was shelved in the 1980s due to environmental concerns, but now appears to once again be a "viable option." Though BC Hydro reportedly has no definite plans to pursue this option at this time, the individual said that constructing the dam would be more valuable now than it was in the 1980s, and that resurrecting the plan would be a BC Hydro decision.
Burrard Thermal Plant - BC Hydro has invested $250 million to upgrade generation systems to reduce emissions.
Calpine has bought a 240 MW gas-fired co-generation plant called Campbell River on Vancouver Island.  This plant is "in the final stages of testing and is already generating."  Calpine plans to bring the plant online commercially "in the next few weeks."  BC Hydro will buy power from the plant for use on Vancouver Island. This is part of a plan to make Vancouver Island self-sufficient in electricity.  Another "key plank" in this plan is the Port Alberni plant, a 250 MW, independently-owned plant that is being sold to BC Hydro.  The plant reportedly will be online in two years and will supply Vancouver Island.
What's up Ross.
To your questions:
Yes to Houston
Yes to Enron
Almost to running the company although I'm thinking about demoting myself (I miss trading).
Married, one child, 2 1/2 Michael.
Give me a call if your in Houston and we'll have a few drinks.
John Lavorato
President and Chief Executive Officer
Enron Americas
713-853-7991
Lavorato@
John baby, 
What are you up to?  Are you in Houston?  If so, we should touch base @ some point.  Still with Enron?  Do you run the company yet?  Are you responsible for my pricing at the pump?  I have been back in Dallas since '95 and am working with The Carlyle Group...getting married in August...you?
Hope all is well. 
Ross 
Founding Partner 
Carlyle Management Group 
200 Crescent Court, Suite 1900 
Dallas TX 75201 
rgatlin@cmgtx.com 
214-762-3443 C 
214-756-6260 W 
Come up to my office on 33 and I'll give you the keys to check it out.
John
John,
I was speaking to Barry Tycholiz about a week ago and he was telling me about your BMW.  If you're still interested in selling it, I'd like to take a look 
Thanks,
Dan Diamond
x39673
Great 
Following up our conversation 
- Garrett and Dana are in constant contact re British Energy and have no issues with extending the contract 
- Paul and his team are "very confident" that they can roll the hedges and maintain the existing margin
- They are 100% confident that they can hedge all 500MW's at say a $2 margin
- Their plan is to hedge at least 400MW between now and november (new deals + rollovers)
- We will continue to update both you and Dana before entering into any hedges
Were you a guest speaker?
Spring is finally here -- there are a lot of things to do.
Are you having problems seeing the bright side?
If so, please join Kelly Williams for a brown bag on
"5 Ways to be More Positive"
Tuesday, March 27th
11:30 - 12:30
EB49C4
We have been assigned 24 new Associates, 26 new Anaysts, 8 summer Associates and 8 summer Analysts from the incoming class.
Please let me know your needs with respect to numbers.   Louise and I will then decide if we agree and then we will create a process to pick from the ones we have assigned to us.  I'm assuming that Calgary, Toronto and Portland have done their own thing and don't need any of these people (let me know if this is incorrect 
If you received this and you report to someone else on this list (ie. you don't report to the office of the chair) please cooridinate your needs with your supervisor.
Please respond prompty,
John
Boy does this sound like something that would get fucked up.  Start with Paul Devries in Toronto and let me know what happens.  I didn't even know it was closing.
John,
We will have a substantial multi-year C$ short when our mill closes.  We're looking at about C$100mm in 01 and $300/yr thereafter.  I understand ENA may have an opposite position.  Could we discuss this? or would you refer me to one of your myriad of underlings?  I would like to keep EGM out of our pockets if possible 
Later,
bobc
Jim Hughes was trying to send this message to you but had problems so sent it to me.
k
see message below
Thanks.
James A Hughes
03/05/2001 01:59 PM
John:
I have a friend, Matt Whittaker,  that has a small power plant construction company.  They specialise in fast track projects using used turbines.  A small niche, but he has made some decent money doing it.  He asked me a few days ago if Enron would have any interest in a very small 35-40 MW project in California for a cement plant.  According to him, the cement plant is owned by Hanson plc and they have a site that has been permitted by the local air quality board for a used turbine that he has located and can have up and running by summer.  What he says they want is someone like Enron to develop the inside the fence plant and help them capture any upside from a potential expansion of the facility. (apparently the site is capable of supporting a larger facility, but that requires further permitting.)
I have done no independent verification of this and it may not be real, but thought you might be interested.  If so, Matt can be reached at 713-660-7171 office or 713-823-7222 cell.  Have whoever calls reference me.  If you are not interested, just let me know and I will tell him its of no interest.  If someone calls, please ask them to drop me an email so I can act like I know who they are if Matt brings it up.
Thanks and call if you have any questions.
Jim Hughes
John,
Here is your California position at close of business 2/7/01. If you have any questions please call.
Bob
fyi
Alan Comnes
04/25/2001 08:06 AM
Here's the call-in info FERC Meeting, now scheduled at 11:00am Pacific/2:00pm Eastern.
The plan is the DC office will dial in near a TV broadcasting the meeting.  There will be a discussion immediately following the meeting.
Details of the call are as follows:
Date:		TODAY, Wednesday, 25 April
Time:		11:00am Pacific / 1:00pm Central / 2:00pm Eastern
800#:		888/380-9636
Participant #:	546778.
Portland folks:  MT. ADAMS conference room has been reserved
I was all set to send the press release to my mother and then I saw Louise's name.
FYI: The Calpine press release hit the wire services at 1 pm EST today.
Eric
Dave
I'm not sure Milly can escape this 
John
John/Dave, in reviewing the 2001 plan, I have been trying to understand the capital charge portion. In discussions with Laynie East, our Accounting contact, the capital charge represents the cost of capital for investments funded by ENA Houston. 
I have since investigated each of ECC's balance sheet items and each has been funded by ECC - not ENA Houston. Based on this, Laynie is in agreement that the capital charge on the 2001 plan for ECC should be nil.
Please let me know if you are also in agreement or have further questions.
Milnthorp
Print and put in my inbox.
here is a good article on powerex.
News from sacbee.com 
ADVERTISEMENT * [IMAGE 
This story was sent to you via sacbee.com 
A winner found north of border: Canadian firm cashes in on California ills
By Dale Kasler
Bee Staff Writer
(Published March 4, 2001)
VANCOUVER, British Columbia  --  The room doesn't look like much: a bank of computer screens flickering quietly, a group of youthful-looking employees swappping jokes or finishing odd chores. The only noteworthy feature is the small electronic tote board in the middle of the room flashing the going rate in U.S. dollars  --  $175 to $200 a megawatt hour  --  for electricity in the Western United States.
Perched on the 14th floor of a downtown Vancouver office tower, the room is the nerve center of a phenomenally successful energy trading empire, a company that's raked in hundreds of millions of dollars by selling electricity to California and neighboring states in recent months.
The company is Powerex Corp., the wholesale trading arm of British Columbia's government-owned electric utility, BC Hydro. Thanks to Powerex's adroit, well-timed buying and selling of electricity, BC Hydro's profits have nearly tripled in the past nine months to about $862 million in U.S. dollars, from $303 million a year earlier.
You can see the rest of this story at 
Chris
Set up a time to go through Pastoria with me.
Today we entered into an agreement with CDWR.  A condition of any new deal was payment for power deliveries already made.  We received $500M earlier this week and $10.9MM today (this $10.9MM was not technically due until March).  Based on those payments, we executed a confirm and EEI with the following terms:
EPMI Sells
CDWR Buys
200MW
Peak
NP-15 
Feb 24-Mar 31
Price: $265 
Payment: Every 7 Days starting Mar 2
CDWR gave EPMI the option (exercisable up to Mar 28, 2001) to extend this deal through March 30, 2006 at a price of $127 (price is retroactive to Feb 23,2001 so if we exercise, we credit CDWR for the difference).   This option enables us to try to work out the credit issues with CDWR 
This is a very valuable contract if we can get comfortable with the credit so I will continue to work on it.  I will also pursue discussions with them with respect to Pastoria, but I believe we may want to make a decision with Calpine in early March (which might be before we can ink a creditworthy deal with DWR).
Chris
Can we sell them Pastoria or do we have to sell them the power from us.
Gentlemen:
I have spoken with CDWR several times since we submitted our proposal.  They are immediately interested in a 5 year power sale and then want to discuss Pastoria.  I updated a price for Freeman for 200MW Peak SP-15 5 Year ($124/MWh).  I also spoke with their lawyers a couple of times to start trading comments.  I volunteered to send a team to LA today or tomorrow, but so far they prefer to discuss by phone.   Their lawyers acknowledge that the primary issue for suppliers is credit.  They are working on an agreement with CPUC that would ensure that CDWR would have an adequate revenue stream to support the contracts.  Their intent is to make the supply contracts have priority over the bonds.  Until that happens, we maintain that we require a cash prepayment or letter of credit to support any deal.  I expect to hear from them again later today.  I will keep you posted.
,
Chris
Working you.
John, I'm trying to close these employment contracts this week - you wanted me to talk to Chad. Can you give me some parameters on s/b and equity.
Dave
I changed it slightly so I could sleep at night.
The top line is just a little joke from me to you.
Let me know. 
Lavo
If he shows up for work again can you get him to call me.
Just to let you know,  Chris did not quit when his book was taken away from him, however, he also did not show up for work today.
,
Jon
Print and put in my inbox
John & Louise -
To follow up on our previous meeting regarding the coal initiative, I've attached a brief description of the approach going forward, including some first-cut proforma results.  Our goal over the next month is to more fully vet the cost and operations numbers in the attached and to nail down probable sites.
In mid-April, after we've more fully vetted the costs, we'll route our detailed proforma.
After reviewing, let me know if you have questions or want to discuss further.
Mitch
I'm prettry pumped about losing 13
The gas desk lost $13MM. West desk made $56MM, financial desk lost $45MM.
East Power lost 10MM
West power lost approx 5MM
Frank
WE seem to be missing Matt Motley in Portland
John -
Attached is the file of ENA Commercial Managers and above with supervisors and LTI unvested equity added.  We used an Enron stock price of $65 for the unvested equity.
Let me know if you need additional info.
Sheila
X36628
Steve looks ok.  Although I always thought I built Canada.  I guess not eh.
Lavo.
CONFIDENTIAL - DO NOT DISTRIBUTE
Steve Kean would like your comments on this email as soon as possible.
Thanks.
Greg
Our Copel shares are falling in value.  We have never marked this investment even though it is public.  We currently own ADR's - ELP is the ticker.  We are restricted (i think) in selling until July.  At the current price we would lose 15 to 30 Million Copel is trading at $6.70, down over $1.00 from Thursday close. The rumor is that this is the aftershock of a 7 MM block trade last week.	
YOUR CALL, JUST DO IT QUICK
John,
Should we request in the DASH to sell 1,270,000 shares or the whole block of 14,173,600 in one shot? Vlady
Is the Geresul contract done.
Unfortunately we seem to have lost the deal with CSN today.  This caught us by surprise: they claim that they were offended by the changes in the contract that we submitted this morning as well as by the call that was made to S? Paulo de Oliveira (to try to get CSN guarantee).
Next step: I don't think that there is much of a chance of getting the deal with any type of intervention, although opinions differ on the matter.  We need to talk about it tomorrow.
Remi
We don't need the currency or mmbtu/gj conversion language if Gas Daily agrees to what we want.
This is the language we have to start swapping EOL products vs. Gas Daily.  The next set is to get this language as an alternative to select when setting up products.  Please let me know if you think we need to make any changes.
,
Jon
Greg Johnston
03/13/2001 05:53 PM
Here is the revised long description.  It incorporates the two changes you had proposed.
Thanks
Greg
From the Gas and Power side, we wouldn't need any traders in Montreal, but perhaps some marketers.
Paul Devries in Toronto runs our Eastern Canada operation if you would like to talk to him.
John
John,
I haven't spoken to you in a while and trust that your off to another strong year and that your family is well settled in Houston.  As you may have heard, I have spent the last year in Japan with Global Mkts trying to help kickstart an fx and interest rate trading operation that would tie this region into our global operation. 
Something has arisen personally and wanted to ask you in confidence of any potential opportunities that you may be aware of in Canada for a trading and/or origination role, perhaps in the next 2-5 months time.  My wife is keen to relocate near her family in Montreal, and so ideally I am wondering if you are aware of any needs that Rob Milnthorp, David Delainey, or yourself may have in that area, be it in metals, power, gas etc. I am aware of a satellite metals office in Montreal under a Director named Jean Michaud, as well as the recent Quebec City paper mill acquisition but am not aware of any other activities which we are involved with in that region. 
, John
Sincerely,
Darren
Attached pls find resume 
Hi my name is Joooohhhn Lavorato from Tarona Canada.
How the hell are you guys? Where the hell are you guys 
Call me, I'm still an Enron hack.
713-853-7991
Cliff
Good luck and more importantly, have fun 
Thanks again for bringing me down here to compete with the big dogs.  I think I've survived so far.
Lavo
Seemed to want to trade equities.
John, I spoke with Doug Gilbert-Smith the other day to get a status update on your interview with David McKeon. He stated that it was abit uncertain on what the final status was.  Can you please advise?
I told you that Pope and Milly wouldn't last.
FYI
Ron James@EES
02/21/2001 10:30 AM
FYI
Dawn Doucet@ECT
02/20/2001 06:31 PM
David Pope has "officially" given us his termination notice.  His last day at Enron is March 6th, his last day in the office is Feb 21.  Let me know if you have any questions 
good
Last week:
We just signed a 5 month, very small deal (1.2 MW, interruptible, R$85/MWh at busbar).
We signed 2 contracts for past transactions: Tradener/Itambe and AES-Sul.
,
Remi
Accounting lists the high prob. q2 deals for my budget meeting with Whalley.  Currently you have one deal on it that is DWR and it says 10 Million. Could you please make sure the commication with Accounting is taking place.
John
- No significant change in margin or hotlist summary
Las Vegas:  Allegheny, Black Hills, Northland Power are on dealbench reviewing data, info memo and purchase and sale agreement Process: review docs and data, visit site, negotiate purchase and sale - still on track for June 30 signing and August 31 funding.
Roseville: Exercised option for $6MM of ERC's from Georgia Pacific.  Working on development agreement and initial CEC application.
AMPS: Last week received complete emissions data on units.  Pursuing deals to install, sell or lease first 2 units.  Most likely structure: Site owner contributes site and pays 20% of costs and get 20% of margin associated with selling energy into merchant market.  Currently in discussion with 6 industrials and 8 utilities.  Oregon Steel is in the lead - they are spending $ on permitting and engineering at their site in Portland (unfortunately the site is near my house so I may protest 
Blue Dog: $3.5MM of income recognition for turbine sale has moved to Q2 from Q3.
Tolls to Generators: Reliant did not lift our 100MW Mid-C offer. but they are still working on it - they had VAR constraints.  We are also showing synthetic tolls to other generators that expressed interest in our LV toll:  Duke, Constellation, Cinergy, NRG, Dynegy and Allegheny.  While these companies lead with assets, they also have trading functions that seem willing to get long through a PPA.
DWR: Still working through credit and financial info.  Their bid is still there and in the money, but has fallen $2-$3/MWh due to the falling prices in the west 
Maybe you can have a diesal position.  If you can justify it to me and Rick Buy.  Talk to Shankman and see who in his organization runs that product.
with all of the diesel generation going into the west for this summer, should we buy some diesel?  who runs that book?  can the west desk carry a diesel position?
I'm not sure that we have enough candidates to bother.
John,
To ensure a consistent approach with the previous trading track interviews, we will shcedule a dinner the night before the interviews (Tuesday, 29th May).      Your entire Interview/Management Team will be invited (24 people).
I trust that you are available/happy for us to proceed on this.
Karen.
x54667
Don Sanders' phone number is:  713-250-4213.
Are you guys okay with this.
Lavo
As part of the settlement of Enron Canada's lawsuit against NGX, they (NGX) are required to issue a press release.  The draft of the release is attached.  It is expected to be released at the end of the day on Monday, April 30 or Tuesday, May 1.
Please send any comments to me at your earliest convenience.  If you have any questions, call me at ext. 3-9053.  Thanks.
Eric
Ask Milnthorp
I'm fine, just wondering about what "data from transactions in the relevant contracts listed on EOL EnronOnline will be fed to NGX in real-time" means from a practical standpoint and if we are going to have to build something to accomodate this 
Are you guys okay with this.
Lavo
As part of the settlement of Enron Canada's lawsuit against NGX, they (NGX) are required to issue a press release.  The draft of the release is attached.  It is expected to be released at the end of the day on Monday, April 30 or Tuesday, May 1.
Please send any comments to me at your earliest convenience.  If you have any questions, call me at ext. 3-9053.  Thanks.
Eric
I don't care as long as I see them
Neil has approached me on the Duke trader candidates we had identified  Do you want to get the resumes when we get them from our consultant, or should they go to Neil Davies?  Copies to both you and Neil?
Scott Tholan
02/07/2001 03:11 PM
Neil,
We are still moving ahead with our consultant to get the resumes of the Duke traders.  The bonus season at Duke occurs towards the end of this month, and all the candidates have explicitly told us that they are waiting to share their resumes only until after their bonuses are distributed.  We'll keep on top of it and advise.
rams -3.5
wash -7
raiders -9 1/2
balt -5
bears lions over 37
eagles bengals under 35 1/2
pats +4
vikings +5.5
I guess they have signed quite a few deals.
John,
The news story relates to this report that DWR released today.  They held a press release.  They said that the state would honor all of the executed agreements, but any non-binding "agreements in principle" would be subject to renegotiation.  In general, they say they have executed about 6,000MW of long term agreements and about 5,000MW under "agreements in principle 
DWR signed our Master Agreement.  We are holding off signing it because of litigation risk, per Tim and Legal 
Chris
Dear John,
You do not know me, but I got your contact details  from Bruce Angus who I know from Kellogg as we both graduated in  1994.
The reason for this email is that I am very  interested in working in a management or business development position at Enron  Broadband Services in London. At the moment a headhunter is supposedly setting  up an appointment with Enron for me, but I believe it would be extremely useful  to approach you as well to speed up the process. Therefore I would really appreciate it if you could forward my details to  one of your colleagues in the US or the UK.
For your information please note that if you have a  look at my CV, you will see that my last two jobs were quite short. When I  joined eos internet ventures I knew I was taking a substantial risk, but  believed there was an opportunity due to the strong management, but  unfortunately we were not able to raise 2nd round funding. United Internet AG is  a German publicly traded company with 3000 employees and revenues of Euro 200  million. The Board decided to change the international strategy during my first  month of employment and offered me the temporary job (but minimum of 9 months)  of Head of Investor Relations for United Internet AG in Germany. I declined as I  was hired as MD in the UK and not Head of IR in Germany. In addition, I am  (still) happily married so I didn't want to travel between the 2 countries  for such a long time.
Anyway, it would be fantastic if you could help me  in any way and if you have any questions please do not hesitate to contact me or  let me know if and when I can contact you.
Best wishes,
Eylard Wurpel
P +44 (0)20 7244 8978
F +44 (0)20 7460 3139
M  +44 (0)7979 368 960
E eylard@hotmail.com 
- CV Eylard Wurpel.doc 
On separate sheets.
John:
Do you want both 12/31/2000 Carrying Value and 3/31/2000 estimated Carrying Value on the ECR Portfolio?
Steven H. Pruett
Vice President
Energy Capital Resources
I don't need to see him.
John
fyi - I'll call him this afternoon/evening and get his feedback and work with Kim on getting him in to close this down - Whalley has asked to meet him when he comes in.
Do you want to see him again ?
Neil
I had a great visit with Eddie Rietze last night.  We spent about 3 hours together.  I think we should definately pursue him.
He is interested talking further.  We will probably need to meet with him during the evening.  Please let me know if I need to do 
anything to proceed.  I indicated to Eddie that you would be contacting him to set an interview schedule.
thanks,
Scott 
We should have room on 6.  Check and see if Arnold has redone the floor plan.  You need to keep this away from Fred's group.  I would suggest locating near Gas Structuring.  Ed McMichael, the head of gas structuring can be a big help.
John -
What are your thought s on location of EES' Gas desk - current head count = 47.  FYI, we just assigned Jim Homco to this group to address commercial and operational issues.
Is there any space on 6 with ENA's Gas desk?  We have had discussions lately re: the many areas where potential integration efficiencies could be achieved, such as having a retail fixed price rep sit on Lagrosta's desk to achieve more timely and accurate prices for non-swap products.
We could fit the group on 5, but the functional benefit just isn't there.
Also, does Sally Beck's group provide the confirms/contract/risk services for ENA's gas desk as it does for ENA Power?  If so, shouldn't Sally be involved in retail?  These guys are really behind in this respect and it is a big factor in ongoing losses and commercial imperfections.
Rogers 
talk to Don on the EES stuff
John,
Does anyone report to you the EES-CAL positions? As of this morning, that book was screwed up, for example, it included the Nepool positions. Is P&L of $20.5 MM as of 1/30 correct? Also, no VaR is reported on these positions as of this morning.
I am going to try to clean this mess up today.
Vlady.
It's more related to the size of this transaction and the fact that the transport model apparently doesn't calc var.  I have no fundamental concerns but this one hit me from left field.  On our other issue, I working on getting something in front of you this week.
I understand that there was a new EPNG transport booked yesterday but that you did not want any option value booked.  Could you let me know your thoughts on this?  Is this a revenue management issue or do you still have fundamental concerns with the option value concept?
ok
John,  We finished the presentation for discussion.  I suggest we review during our Thursday meeting 
ok
John:
We executed the transmission connection contract with Light (local distribution company) yesterday for the project.  Based on completing this agreement and our conversation, we are moving forward with the shipment of the turbines.  Initial loading of loose items will start this afternoon and turbines tomorrow with a planned departure of the ship on Sunday.  Let me know if you have any questions or comments?
Thanks,
Brett
Kim can you set up a phone interview with this guy next week.
Mr. Lavorato:
I was given your name by Brian Edgeworth as a  possible contact for employment opportunities with Enron.  I was part of  Goldman Sachs C$ fixed income effort for four (4) years.  Goldman recently  decided to exit this business entirely.  I was involved in a  trading/capital markets role in both C$ corporate bonds and securitized  products.  I am interested in Enron because I believe it to be one of the  "smarter"  organizations out there.  I am flexible in terms of  location.  I have attached a copy of my resume for your  perusal.
I thank you in advance for your time and consideration.   I can be reached either via the phone number below or by replying to this  email.  I will attempt to contact you in the next couple  of days to confirm your receipt of this email.
,
Robert Downer
(416) 544 1846
- Robert Downer - Resume.doc 
those were all 250
Just use mids on the day they were pulled.
John, 
As per our conversation yesterday, I suggest that we put the two trades that you closed with us in January (25 MW baseload swap, 1 year, Feb. 01 to Jan 02) back on the MTM books and give you simultaneously the opportunity to close these positions.  Our prices for  June 01 - Jan 02 swap rates are as follows:
Argentina power $18.50 - $20.40 per MWh (this is a bid-offer spread in US dollars; you are currently long)
Brazil power R$425 - R$475 per MWh (this is a bid-offer spread in reais; you are currently short);
We are also making sure that there will be no adverse tax impact for Enron.
Please let me know if you agree to close these positions.
Remi
Stacey
Assuming this P/L is going to stay at 0, get the line item off the DPR.
Just go ahead and talk to Dave about the other industries.
John,
I surveyed the group.  In general, people are fine but we should ask for a bit more.  This should apply to US only as Milnthorp has already cut a separate deal with Janet.
EES Proposed that they own all SIC Codes EXCEPT the following:
Mining
Oil and Gas Extraction
Paper Manufacturing
Chemical Manufacturing
Petroleum and Coal Manufacturing
Plastics and Rubber Products Manufacturing
Fertilizer Industry
Rail Transportation
In our discussion with Dave, we suggested and he agreed that Primary Metals should be added
In discussions with the different regions:
ENA should add: 
Refining 
Grain Processing - Baughman and Luce
Meat Processing - Luce
Cement Manufacturing - Luce 
Auto Manufacturing - Luce, Baughman
Aerospace Manufacturing - Tycholiz, Baughman
Heavy Industrial Equipment Manufacturing (caterpillar, john deere) - Baughman
Paper Manufacturing should include - pulp, board, lumber, etc.
Glass Manufacturing - Luce ( I suspect Dave will resist this because of their Owens Corning deals)
Let me know if there is anything else I should do.
Chris
My thoughts are the same.  You should stay in Canterra.  We can squeeze way more desks on that floor and I'm sure you can boot someone out below or above over the next couple of years.  Given the experience with the walls I would stick to your day job.
Lavo
John, I want to re-confirm your approval to enter into a new lease. We need to give notice to Canterra by end of June on whether we are extending for an additional 3 years to June 2005 or terminating our lease June 2002. 
I'm currently negotiating on 3 different sites as well as discussing the extension with Oxford:
Canterra		3 year lease - no renewal rights - $26sq/ft at 20,000 sq. ft. No ability to expand contiguously. Currently, at capacity.
TCPL Tower		Conoco has 3 floors (26,27,28 at 25,000 sq.ft/floor). With Gulf takeover, they will consolidate into Gulf Square. Looking for 3 floor 				sub-lease tenant. Likely $25/sq.ft 10 year lease w/renewal rights. Good floor-plate (column-free rectangle). One floor would likely be 			adequate for the next few years. Would overlap canterra lease by likely 9 months.
Bankers Hall		Calpine has 2 floors (39,40 at 19,000 sq.ft/floor). With Encal takeover, they will consolidate into Canada Trust. Looking for 2 floor 				sub-lease tenant. Likely $25/sq.ft. 10 year lease w/renewal rights. One floor would be less than adequate - 2 floors would be more 				than we need for the next few years. Would overlap canterra lease by likely 9 months.
Phillips Warehouse	2 floor warehouse being converted to 3 floor office bldg. 10 year lease w/renewal rights on 35,000 sq.ft at $20sq/ft. Will build to suit and 			Enron would have building naming rights. Timing with expiry of Canterra lease is good (Occupy date would be 1st qtr, 2002 
My preference is to target the Phillip's brothers warehouse.Timing, location, price, sq.footage, parking all look good. They are willing to deal with us exclusively and have aspirations of designing a state-of-the-art office building (this is consistent with their reputation) while Calpine/Conoco want to free-option us while they look for multi-floor tenants (much like what happened when we made an offer on TCPL tower previously and they used it to lever Hunt Oil into a mulit-floor lease 
Let me know your thoughts on this as I need to move fairly quickly.
Rob Milnthorp
02/14/2001 09:06 AM
John, first off, congrats on your promotion! 
You may recall that our Canterra lease expires June, 2002. When we consolidated our floor space on 35, we were able to incorporate an option to extend the 35th floor lease (at market rate approx $24 sq.ft) for an additional 3 years to June, 2005. Notice to extend has to be provided June of this year. 
The reason I'm bringing this to your attention is that I'm concerned that we will not be able to accomodate any growth for years 2002 - 2005 in our current space. We will be at 115 employees this summer (150 sq. ft./employee) and our max is 130 (135 sq.ft/employee) which should get us through June 2002.
Given this, I have explored a number of leasing opportunities outside of Canterra with the goal of finding a floor plate more conducive to a trading organization. You may recall that TransCanada was in the process of building a new office tower across from Esso Plaza. They are now in the process of sub-leasing a number of the floors. 
The tower was designed for their own trading organization and is the largest column-free floor plate in Canada (28,000 sq. ft.). It's state of the art technology includes a raised floor system for wiring (ie no coring). Coral Canada recently leased two floors in the tower for their Canadian trading operation. 
We are looking at the 31st floor at $24 sq. ft for a 10 year term with some overlap with our current lease for build-out. At 135 sq. ft/employee we would be able to staff 200 employees. However, given the rectangular/column-free floor plate, we probably could get down to 100 sq. ft/employee (270 employees). This should be sufficient for many years to come.
Please let me know whether we should proceed in negotiating a lease with TCPL.
Milnthorp
Your employees will be upset to leave Canterra.
Lavo
John, first off, congrats on your promotion! 
You may recall that our Canterra lease expires June, 2002. When we consolidated our floor space on 35, we were able to incorporate an option to extend the 35th floor lease (at market rate approx $24 sq.ft) for an additional 3 years to June, 2005. Notice to extend has to be provided June of this year. 
The reason I'm bringing this to your attention is that I'm concerned that we will not be able to accomodate any growth for years 2002 - 2005 in our current space. We will be at 115 employees this summer (150 sq. ft./employee) and our max is 130 (135 sq.ft/employee) which should get us through June 2002.
Given this, I have explored a number of leasing opportunities outside of Canterra with the goal of finding a floor plate more conducive to a trading organization. You may recall that TransCanada was in the process of building a new office tower across from Esso Plaza. They are now in the process of sub-leasing a number of the floors. 
The tower was designed for their own trading organization and is the largest column-free floor plate in Canada (28,000 sq. ft.). It's state of the art technology includes a raised floor system for wiring (ie no coring). Coral Canada recently leased two floors in the tower for their Canadian trading operation. 
We are looking at the 31st floor at $24 sq. ft for a 10 year term with some overlap with our current lease for build-out. At 135 sq. ft/employee we would be able to staff 200 employees. However, given the rectangular/column-free floor plate, we probably could get down to 100 sq. ft/employee (270 employees). This should be sufficient for many years to come.
Please let me know whether we should proceed in negotiating a lease with TCPL.
Milnthorp
Fun Fun Fun
John,
I hate to whine, but 
EES:
Duran and I talked with Delainey yesterday.  It seems as though we are setting up one centralized trading/risk function but we will have overlapping origination functions.  I am sure I can work with whatever arrangement you make with Dave, but it seems as though we will be tripping over each other in the market.  Industrial coverage seems easy, but they want to call on IOU's and Munis in order to buy customers.  These are fundamentally large, structured short positions that are very similar to what we have been and are pitching 
Transport/Operations Eric Gadd came back from London and reports to Stan Horton.  He heads up an Asset Development group that is focusing on, among other things, power plant development in the southwest.  This sounds crazy - do you want to call Stan or should I?
Portland General:
They are developing generation in Oregon that is competing with one of our projects.  No one in RAC has heard of this yet.  Not a big deal, I will call Peggy Fowler, but thought you should be aware.
,
Chris
1.  How much is Reuters paying us.
2.  What is you decorators number.
REUTERS TO PROVIDE ITS CUSTOMERS WITH ENRONONLINE REAL-TIME QUOTES
Effective June 4, 2001, Reuters has launched a new EnronOnline Real-Time Quotes service benefiting commodity traders and industry analysts. Subscribers to this service will be able to view bids, offers and midpoints as well as high, low and closing midpoint and change from previous day indications for numerous commodity products available on EnronOnline.  Subscribers will be able to integrate EnronOnline Real-Time Quotes with Reuters' news, data and analytical tools to view real-time prices and charts as well as create option models, position reports and other analysis.  Initially, the  quotes will be available for power, natural gas, crude oil and refined products, metals, bandwidth, coal, seafreight, emission allowances and weather derivatives markets in North America and Europe 
For more information, visit www.reuters.com/enrononlinequotes or call Reuters at 1-800-226-3955.  Please forward this e-mail to others who may benefit from this service.
Disclaimer
All prices presented by Reuters through the EnronOnline Real-Time Quotes service shall not constitute or be deemed, for any purposes, to be an offer by EnronOnline or Enron to enter into any transaction on those or any other terms, and are not available through or deemed to be an offer within any trading products that may be offered by Reuters in association with the EnronOnline Real-Time Quotes service. Any use of the EnronOnline.com website is expressly subject to the terms and conditions contained within the EnronOnline.com website, including the registration process detailed therein. By presenting this information within the Reuters site, EnronOnline.com is not representing or indicating automatic qualification for access to or use of the EnronOnline.com website for commodity trading.
Dave 
Thanks
What happened to the new trader graphs.
Lavo
John,
Further to our meeting the other day, my guys have determined the following:
1) Approximately 2% of all non-Nymex natural gas transactions are completed after 2:30 pm.
2) Approximately 10% of all Nymex natural gas transactions are completed after 2:30 pm
3) As of Jan. 23, we have completed 113 gas and 112 power transactions on ICE.
4) As of Jan. 23, we have completed 139 gas and 72 Power transactions on Dynegy Direct.
Dave
Liquidity feeds on itself.  PJM Cinergy and Entergy were not liquid until we made them liquid.
No to be overly defensive, but in very liquid markets (ie PJM, Cinergy and Entergy) the EOL bid/offer is 2.5-3.5%.  In the west MidC, NP,SP, the bid offer is 3-4.5%.  In a market it which I am 95% of the trades with no liquidity without me, my EOL bid offer is 4-5%.  I think the is very reasonable, if I felt that being tighter would allow more trades without me either being the repository of unwanted MW or being the only supplier of MW, then I would be tighter.
You need to arrage this yourself.  The key is that the top companies on this list who don't trade with us neeed to.
Lavo
John, I took a look at that report last night.  You are correct. I do not receive that report today but would like to receive it if possible 
Thanks and I will return this copy to you.  BT 
hey guys
I know my limit goes done on Wednesday night.  I saw some memo a while ago that said it goes to 70 until Jan 2 and then 60.  Is this correct or does is go to 60 immediately.
John
Print and put in my inbox
John,
Please find attached the ESA Trading Reports.
,
Ricardo Lisboa
wow
Wednesday, April 25 at 10 a.m. Houston time, join Sherri Sera, executive assistant to Jeff Skilling, on eSpeak.  Sherri will answer questions about how her job has changed since Jeff became CEO 
If you can't make the live event, post your questions on eSpeak <<  now.  Sherri will answer them during her eSpeak, and you can find the answers in the transcript later.
Have you been wondering what happened to the information about Enron's severance pay policy?   Would you like to see an innovation suggestion for the Saturn's ring that will connect the two Enron buildings?  Read the new postings in the "Office of the Chairman" category in eMeet 
Thanks for the great response to the new "Cost Reduction" category in the Idea Vault!  Visit the ThinkBank <<  today and read the suggestions for cutting costs; and, while you're there, add your own.
yes
John,
It would probably be more useful if you gave Tom Martin and Jim Schwieger their EOY reviews as part of the trading evaluation process.   Are you up for this? 
,
Brian
This goes in the second coverless binder we created.  Get you not me on the distribution list.
Attached is an updated EWS Litigation Status Report.
I'm confused by this one. Who in ENA is bidding this stuff and did we know about the balancing.
FYI.  John, you said to smother you with e-mails so you could understand what was going on so just let me know if I am overdoing it.
Rogers
Jess Hewitt@EES
05/21/2001 05:05 PM
Don/Rogers,
We have a situation that occurred today where ENA beat us on a retail gas deal.  I don't know how accurate our information is in this case but I wanted to pass this on to you for further consideration:
1.  Energy Gateway is a retail gas portal where users can request proposals for gas supply to Commercial and Industrial sites.
2.  EWS Gas Desk (fka EES Gas Desk) monitors and makes offers on the system where the buyers meet our requirements.
3.  Procter and Gamble requested bids today for a site inside West Ohio Gas that is supplier balanced.
4.  P&G wanted a one year deal beginning 7/2001.
5.  Load was shaped and averaged 534 MMBtu/day or 195,200 MMBtu per year.
Bottom line:  We were beat by ENA by 7 cents/MMBtu 
I don't think we need to compete against each other and had ENA not bid we would have been the low bid at a price that was 7 cents higher.  Your thoughts?
Jess Hewitt
Director, Gas - Risk Management
ENRON ENERGY SERVICES
Ph:  (713) 853-9464
Rob is the deal actually signed.
John, as requested, please see the attached summary regarding the pcog extension. Eric did an excellent job at moving this forward through the "petro-can machine" and demonstrated a lot of patience and perserverance.
Milnthorp
On Wednesday the President of Petro-Canada approved the extension of our Wholesale Gas Services Agreement after the first term expires November 1, 2002, for an incremental 5 years.  This has taken me a a while to get closed (and while doing so we have had to keep up a consistently high level of service), but keep in mind it's not easy to renew something half way through the first term.
This extension is very significant for the following reasons:
1. It creates a MTM income of $2.9 MM CDN, net of directly attributable costs to provide the back-office services;
2. It supports further deal flow and potential incentive arrangement income (along with all the production information etc 3. Of even greater importance it provides a very critical and frequently used marketing tool as we continue to build our gas and power businesses across Canada.  As you know, we have used the Petro-Canada arrangement as an example of the services we can provide, not only when marketing in Canada but also in the US and Europe.  Now we can tell potential customers that we not only have provided services to this customer for 3 years, but they've liked it so much they've already extended the agreement for five more years after the first term - the message has to be that we are providing a good quality of service. 
Obviously this is a great credit to our Commercial staff and the Operations, Accounting and IT staff that work with Petro-Canada.   I will separately advise each of the individuals who works on this account about the renewal and congratulate them.  It takes alot of effort to "enchant" the customer day after day, year after year.  In fact it's incredibly difficult to be effectively on trial day in and day out as a service provider.
The numbers:
Under the extension, we have provided Petro-Canada with a rebate applied to the remaining term of the agreement from our original base fee.
Original base fee is $1.75 MM CDN per year, payable monthly.
Rebate offered:
Jan/01 - Nov/01				($458,300) CDN
Nov/01 - Nov/02			($517,000) CDN
Fee charged for extension term:
Nov/02 - Nov/03			$1,366,000 CDN
Nov/03 - Nov/04			$1,400,000 CDN
Nov/04 - Nov/05			$1,435,000 CDN
Nov/05 - Nov/06			$1,470,000 CDN
Nov/06 - Nov/07			$1,510,000 CDN	
We have thoroughly defined our back-office costs required to provide these services at $428,700 CDN/yr (2000$), and have 3 years of operating history to support this as a projection (with escalation at 2% per year) for the second five year term.  These costs include back-office staff allocations (salaries and benefits), and rent/infrastructure allocation.  We have checked on the allocation of Houston costs, and on a per transaction basis these are insignificant compared to our base business transaction levels.  We do not include commercial staff costs in the above as they are covered by the incentive arrangement and ongoing transaction deal flow.
In discussions with Wes, this definition of the costs and certainty about the arrangement scope, will allow us to MTM this income.  The MTM income of $2.9 MM CDN includes the rebate offered for the last two years of the current term, and has been reduced by the above annual costs.
Notes:
1.  We have not defined the incentive fee for the second five year period yet as we are doing some work at the moment with PCOG on what our benchmark should be, given that much of the intermediate Producers in the group of 40 have disappeared.  We will revise the agreement to reflect the fact that there will be a further revision once the incentive fee is agreed to.
2. If Petro-Canada's sales volumes fall to 60% of last years levels, there will be a price reopener for the remaining term because we have defined the fee as an absolute cost rather than per unit rate.  We also have a reopener on price if the volumes grow to about 140% of today's levels.  Petro-Canada has a growth strategy for gas so this is not at all expected.  Volumes over the last 6 months have increased by about 7-8% year on year.
3. Peter and I should have the amended agreement out next week.
Hunter
Did you know that the Extrinsic value of the Northern Border Trasport from Ventura to Chicago has increase from 4.7 Million to 
7 Million over two months 
Lavo
John Lavorato expressed concern last week that we may be falling into the same trap again regarding the extrinsic value in our transportation books.  I prepared a spreadsheet summarizing the EXTRINSIC VALUE ONLY (in total and $/MMBtu) that were in each of the books as of 12/5/00, 1/2/01 and 2/1/01.  Hopefully this will provide you with the information necessary to determine if this is, in fact, happening    Please note the following facts::
CENTRAL:
* The NB Ventura to Chicago capacity's extrinsic value has increased signficantly both in total dollars and in $/MMBtu.  This may need review * Note that, although the ANR & NGPL capacities to Consumers have decreased in total dollar extrinsic value, the $/MMBtu value is very high.  This may need review.
* The new capacity--NGPL Midcon to Chicago has an extremely high $/MMBtu value--$.2227/MMBtu.  This may need review.
WEST:
* The West added two new deals--the extrinsic value is so minimal there is no impact here.
* There were 3 capacity deals that, in December, had no extrinsic value--they have all increased in value but they appear to be properly valued now.
* The PGT capacity was sold, obviously showing no extrinsic value any longer.
* The EPNG Perm to Valero capacity decreased in value, both in total extrinsic dollars and $/MMBtu.
EAST:
* All capacity from Rayne to Leach decreased in total extrinsic dollar value, but the $/MMBtu increased on all except the longest term Rayne to Leach deal.
* All capacity from Onshore to Rayne increased in total dollar value, both in total and $/MMBtu.
The net impact of these two changes was a net increase of approximately $267,000, but $/MMBtu mostly saw net increases * A new transaction on Tennessee accounted for the other $266,000 in extrinsic dollar value increase.
Here is your attachment 
If you have any questions, please advise. 
Phil
Are we allowed to attend?  Can we send an Analyst?
FYI
FYI
Today, FERC issed the attached notice of a technical conference on the Californi
a natural gas transportation infrastructure, scheduled for May 24th.
- pl01-4.000.doc=20
Call me about the dynegy thing I have an idea.
Fines:
I know you have talked with Phillip but I wanted to give my two cents.  I think the fines are a great idea. We must be accountable for VAR.  However the fines do not allow the desks to push the envelope.  The desks need to stay a couple million under VAR to protect against volatility and factor changes.  We do not have the tools to predict our VAR with any strong degree of accuracy but we are penalized for going over a few hundred thousand dollars.  I propose a one day grace period of 10% to 12% over limit.  This would allow the desks to max their VAR and protect against unexpected changes.
EOL:
We continue to have trouble with brokers not working our EOL numbers.
We believe Dynegy has written a program to mirror our cash markets on their system. When we suspend, they suspend and as our markets move, so do theirs.
I would like to talk about Dana.  Can you a Oxley recommend a contract to me.  Do not mention it to Dana.
Just a second  note to follow up on whether you have decided to renew employment agreements for Rob Benson and Mark Dana Davis.  Rob's has expired 2/1/01 and Dana's expires 2/28/01.  I would be happy to supply you with recommendations.  Please let me know at your earliest.  Thanks!
thanks
h
This is bizzare.  Global Markets promised Jean this money and won't seem to write her a check.  It was also a low number relative to what was created for GM.
John
John -
Global Markets is maintaining that there are "accounting issues"  with the $1.25 million.  Should we get Faith Killen or Wes to get this wrapped up?
this one is from john - and should say from john
Dave
I think we are going to go back to the original Pebble Plan.  The 8th to the 11th.  Tych and Calger are O.K. with this.  There is a small chance that I will have to cancel or come back Saturday night but what the hell.
Let me know if you can do this and we will all attempt to arrange transportation.
John
P.S.  Sorry for the confusion.
IGNORE FRANK.
I DON'T WANT YOU GUYS TRADING POWER RIGHT NOW BUT THAT MIGHT CHANGE SOON.
John,
Did you put Frank Hayden up to this?  If this decision is up to me I would consider authorizing Mike G., Frank E., Keith H. and myself to trade west power.  What do you think?
Phillip
I've been asked to provide an updated list on who is authorized to cross trade what commodities/products.  As soon as possible, please reply to this email with the names of only the authorized "cross commodity" traders and their respective commodities. (natural gas, crude, heat, gasoline, weather, precip, coal, power, forex (list currency), etc 
Thanks,
Frank
PS. Traders limited to one commodity do not need to be included on this list.
I wasn't aware of schedule B. What is it.
Kim 
Print this out for my trip.
John, here are recent articles by the two journalists with whom Ken Lay is meeting on Wednesday morning.  When you read this stuff, you will see that Reguly and Corcoran are true believers. 
Please find attached articles by Eric Reguly and Terence Corcoran pertaining
to electricity de-reg in Ontario.
Sasha
This email message has been swept by MIMEsweeper
for the presence of computer viruses
Ce courrier a fait l'objet d'un balayage antivirus au moyen
du logiciel MIMEsweeper
- Eric Reguly-Energy Dergulation.27March01.LFlancman.doc 
- Terence Corcoran-Energy Dergulation.27March01.LFlancman.doc 
Jeff
Sorry it took so long to respond.  I talked to our EOL guys and they keep this stuff very close to their vest.  People are talking to us about buying the code but this would cost tens of millions of dollars.
So I don't think I can help.
Sorry
John
 John,