Hello!
Just a friendly reminder that tomorrow all   presentations are due as I will be in and out of the office for the rest of the  week at the Asset and Liability Management conference  
If your presentations are not ready, for whatever  reason, please send me an email to notify me and I will send you a headcount as  to how many copies of your presentations to print.  You will need to take  them to the training course yourself  
Please remember that you will need to bring your  own laptops as we do not provide them.  Spyros, I believe you are to  inquire with Peter to see if you can use his  
Also, I am under the impression that the  presentations submitted for the London training course, will be the same ones to  be used in the New York and Houston Financial Mathematics training  courses.  Please correct me if I am wrong and let me know by when you will  have presentations ready for those particular courses in those  locations.
Should you have any questions or comments, please  feel free to contact me.
All the best and I look forward to meeting you  soon.
Joanna
Joanna Vidal
Events Coordinator
Risk Waters  Group
T: (212) 925 1864 ext. 197
F: (212) 925 7585jvidal@riskwaters.com www.riskwaters.com 
Attached is the latest issue of Btu Weekly
e-mail: info@Btu.net
phone: 732-758-8222
fax: 732-758-8286
- wg123101.pdf 
Zimin,
Looks like a very good paper for the Tech Corner next week. 
Please, review before publication.
I looked at it and it looked OK. Sam
will need it by Fri evening.
Vince
Vince,
I've been meaing to ask you about the paper I sent to Sam on calculating implied pdf's for futures prices. Sam told me that you didn't want to include it in RI because it and the EOL article gave too much away.  I've talked with several folks about the approach outlined in the paper.  I've reworked the paper to try and better tailor it to traders, and I'd be interested in your feedback 
thanks
ken
BTW = By the way. 
Putnam in Boston.
it's official.
Vince
Thanks.  What does BTW mean?  I assume "between the wall and us", I'll
keep it quite.  Where is he going?
On Wed, 20 Jun 2001 11:02:22 -0500 Vince.J.Kaminski@ writes:
 Joe,