SLA File
Here is a copy of our latest proposal on the SLA/Carlton.  Feel free to give me a call if you have any questions.  MK
For SLA file
The attachment is the latest proposal for the SLA and Carlton resolution.   Shelley, as you can see the timing on the in kind is now 11/1/02.  However, you also note there is no consequence when we aren't able to accomplish.   MK
The customers asked that we send them our 7/17 offer in writing.  Here is a draft for your review.  The .xls spreadsheet shows the calculation of the 6/1/01 adjustment amount for R&T and the credit to the SLA.
We'd like to send this out to the customers this afternoon.  Please give me any comments you have by 3:00 today.  sjk
Please add Suzanne Hoffman to my contact list -- Her email address is twhiteman@austin.rr.com  Shelley,
We will need to change the address and then get it all signed again.  It is good to know that the study overall meets their requirements.  This is probably going to take a few more days.  Still, it is better to have all of this taken care of now than to have someone send the study back.
Sorry for the delay. 
Suzanne  
Dear Suzanne, 
I reviewed the homestudy you emailed to Ginger and it looks good.Please 
change the address for Across the World to :399 Taylor Boulevard,Suite 
102, 
Pleasant Hill, California 94523.That is the address for the main office in 
Calif. I did notice that MARITAL was spelled marial in the marital 
section. 
I'm sure your spellcheck probably caught it.I noticed that you mentioned 
the" Republic of Kazakhstan" quite a few times. I'm not sure if that is 
the 
correct name of the country. I will check and let you know if you need to 
change it.There is only one other thing that needs to be changed .It is 
located about the last paragraph of recommendation where you state that 
"the 
family is excited to experience the Russian culture".That statement would 
be 
very offensive to the Kazakhstan officials if you were to mention Russian 
culture. These people are not part of Russia-they are Kazakhstani- and a 
very proud people.So you could just change the word Russian to Kazakhstan. 
They do not like to be referred to as Russian.Let me know if you have any 
questions. I left you a message to call me but I don't think you need to 
call back unless you have questions. Please make sure that there is a 
current agency license at the back of the homestudy when the family sends 
their homestudy to me. I will be the one helping Ginger go thru everything 
so if you have questions feel free to call Ginger or me. 
Chris 
tina whiteman wrote: 
Ginger, It was so nice to talk with you.  Please find attached a copy of Shelley Corman and Kim Erb's homestudy. Thanks, Suzanne Hoffman(512)335-0536
I thought you'd get a chuckle out of the email below -- especially the part where he copied Stan.
This is some unsolicited feedback I received on the presentation I gave to Phil's staff.  I'm not quite sure what to make of the fact that he was "sold" on my seriousness.  Evidentally there was some issue 
Shelley 
Looking over my notes from the Operations Directors Conference, I am reminded of what a fine job you did delivering your presentation and I thought I'd provide you this feedback.
I felt you clearly conveyed your information in a manner that engaged the participants and helped them understand and retain your message.  Specifically, you organized your presentation in a logical sequence, you spoke distinctly with varying voice inflection and without "umms" (a very difficult thing to do!), and you related well to your audience through a friendly tone in your voice and in your body language (smiles, eye contact and open posture).  Watching and listening, I both "liked" you and felt "sold" on the seriousness of you and your group in executing the duties of your function and providing effective customer service.
To improve the effectiveness of your slide show, you might consider reducing the number of bullets in some slides.  As a general rule, slides become "busy" and impact the receiver's comprehension when the number of bullets gets past about six; so, I suggest that you limit the number of bullets in any one slide to 5 or 6 and break up a list any longer than that into two or more slides.  This will make your audience more comfortable and enhance their retention.
Thanks for the effort and energy you put into your session.  I learned helpful new things about gas logistics and enjoyed your presentation.  You were very effective.
,
- Roger
Copy:  Stan Horton
(Note to Stan - I had to step out while you were speaking; so, please don't expect this level of feedback on your presentation, though I'm sure it went just as well!)
FYI -- NERC is expanding their role to include development of wholesale electric business practice standards, in addition to reliability standards.  It looks like they're making it clear that they don't want an EISB developing wholesale electric standards.  They plan to be the single organization for developing these standards.  They've even added balanced voting for their committees.  I don't know the details, but they're using pieces of GISB's process that they know work and that people like.
Some GISB representatives have been making it look as if everyone in the energy industry is on board with EISB.  Clearly, they're not.
I'll let you know if I hear anything else.
Theresa
October 16, 2001
NERC Expands Role
At a watershed meeting today in Vancouver, BC, the North American Electric
Reliability Council's (NERC) Board of Trustees took bold steps to expand
its
role for developing standards for the wholesale electric industry in North
America.
Michehl R. Gent, NERC President and CEO, said, "On the strength of strong
recommendations from the NERC Stakeholders Committee, the Board pledged to
take all necessary steps to become the single organization in North America
to develop both reliability standards and wholesale electric business
practice standards and to file such standards with the Federal Energy
Regulatory Commission (FERC) and appropriate government agencies in
Canada."
"NERC is committed," says Gent, "to establishing a fair, open, balanced,
and
inclusive process for developing all standards."  NERC's Board approved a
new process for developing standards and agreed to a new composition and
weighted sector voting model for its standing committees.
NERC has long been recognized and respected as the industry's developer of
standards for the reliable planning and operation of interconnected
transmission systems throughout North America.  These standards have been
the basis for the reliable operation of the bulk electric systems for over
30 years.
Richard Drouin, Chairman of NERC, stated, "The Board of Trustees recognizes
the urgent need for a single organization to develop both reliability
standards and wholesale electric business practice standards that are well
coordinated.  Such standards," Drouin added, "are vital to support the
evolution of competitive electricity markets, the formation of large
regional transmission organizations, and continued reliability and security
of interconnected transmission systems."
Today's actions are a major step toward formalizing a role that NERC has
filled for some time.  NERC spearheaded the OASIS "What" and "How" Working
Groups that developed the Standards and Communications Protocols followed
by
all transmission providers; formed a Market Interface Committee to address
the impact of reliability standards on markets and the impact of market
practices on reliability; and facilitates the Electronic Scheduling
Collaborative, which recently filed a report with FERC on its efforts to
develop common business practice standards for electronic scheduling (OASIS
Phase II).
To accomplish its reinvention, NERC will actively solicit support from
Canadian and U.S. government entities, and facilitate ? jointly with
interested trade associations; federal, state, and provincial regulators;
and other stakeholder organizations ? an open and inclusive process to
achieve consensus on the details of its new role.
In parallel actions, the Board also took steps to ensure the independence
of
actions by its 21 Security Coordinators from any wholesale or retail
merchant functions, and agreed to revamp the composition and voting
structure of its standing committees.
For more information on NERC or its transformation into NAERO, visit NERC's
web site (  The web site also includes information on
the electric industry's electricity supply and delivery programs and
activities.
NERC is a not-for-profit company formed as a result of the Northeast
blackout in 1965 to promote the reliability of the bulk electric systems
that serve North America. It works with all segments of the electric
industry as well as customers to "keep the lights on" by developing and
encouraging compliance with rules for the reliable operation of these
systems. NERC comprises ten Regional Reliability Councils that account for
virtually all the electricity supplied in the United States, Canada, and a
portion of Baja California Norte, Mexico.
You don't need to keep the attachment.  I was going to read it online -- but since you've printed I'll take it along for casual reading.   I just want to add Liz Gras email address to my contacts.  Sorry for the confusion.
I printed the attachment & will keep in my folder for future reference.
(quite long)
Please add to contacts
Shelley,
I don't know if you've joined this group or not, but I they had some 
informative posts about Adoption Discounted airfare, and Taraz and I thought 
you might like to read it.
Liz
Please add to contacts
Shelley,
I don't know if you've joined this group or not, but I they had some 
informative posts about Adoption Discounted airfare, and Taraz and I thought 
you might like to read it.
Liz
Have some adorable pictures of your child you'd like to share????  Create a FAMILY FOLDER for your family and upload pictures of your child for other PAKK members to see.  It's simple and easy!
There are 24 messages in this issue.
Topics in this digest:
1. Re: HIV Testing and Russia
Message: 1
Date: Tue, 16 Oct 2001 11:29:26 -0000
>...here is the State Dept's Foreign travel requirements section for 
Kaz, showing a different HIV requirement 
Any idea what the Russian laws are with respect to HIV testing?  We 
were not asked to show proof of HIV testing to obtain Kaz visas or 
anytime (to our knowledge) that we were in Kaz.  However, we were 
asked by the consular staff at the Russian Embassy in DC to show proof 
before they would issue our visas.  It took three trips to the Russian 
Embassy to get our visas -- so it's possible the guy was just giving 
me the run-around -- but I'd be curious to know what the law says 
since Kaz families must return via Moscow.
Message: 2
Date: Mon, 15 Oct 2001 17:55:13 -0400
Hello,
We are John Shalhoup and Martha Szufnarowski, we live in Orange Cty, CA, and 
we hosted a 6 year old girl from Kaz through Kidsave this summer.  We have a 
bio daughter who is 4 and looking forward to having a sister!
We completed our homestudy through Family Connections and our int'l agency 
is HATO.  We are now playing the waiting game and excited to get our 
invitation to Kaz!
Thanks!
_________________________________________________________________
Message: 3
Date: Tue, 16 Oct 2001 11:33:52 -0000
A new thread on accomodations in Kazakhstan was proposed by one of our 
newer PAKK members.  She's traveling soon and wondered what the 
options are for accomodations.  She specifically asked about the pros 
and cons of staying with a local host family versus "renting" an 
apartment or staying in a hotel.  If you've already traveled to Kaz please share your experiences with the list!
Message: 4
Date: Tue, 16 Oct 2001 10:06:13 EDT
Go to the State Dept's web site -- it's all there.
[Non-text portions of this message have been removed]
Message: 5
Date: Tue, 16 Oct 2001 11:06:44 -0500
Hi All,
For those planning to travel to Kazakhstan in the near future, here is some
info we received about airfares from Travel-On.
Patty Panni
Williams International Adoptions
                                FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
 NEW ADOPTION AIRFARES TO RUSSIA AND KAZAKHSTAN
[Non-text portions of this message have been removed]
Message: 6
Date: Tue, 16 Oct 2001 16:11:28 -0000
--- In pakk@y..., adopt101@a... wrote:
 A new thread on accomodations in Kazakhstan was proposed by one of 
our 
 newer PAKK members.  She's traveling soon and wondered what the 
 options are for accomodations.  She specifically asked about the 
pros 
 and cons of staying with a local host family versus "renting" an 
 apartment or staying in a hotel.  If you've already traveled to Kaz 
 please share your experiences with the list!
We stayed in a hotel during our stay in our son's adoption city and 
then had an apartment during our stay in Almaty.  We personally loved 
having an apartment - it was "our time" with our son - we were able 
to start being a family and doing family things - playing, cooking, 
cleaning, etc.  Our life began together immediately - I think (and I 
don't know, since we didn't do this) if you were with a host family it would put a different twist on the situation.  Not saying good or 
bad - just different.  Kind of like when you visit someone and stay at 
their house vs renting a hotel room.  You can be more "open" when you 
are with your own family.
Best wishes on your adoption journey 
Cyndi
Message: 7
Date: Tue, 16 Oct 2001 09:22:22 -0400
I find all of this very interesting.  We traveled in June of this year
and didn't have the HIV test done.  The only thing that we had read was
that we needed the HIV only if we would be there more than 3 months.  No
one ever asked us for the results in Kazakhstan or Russia, thankfully!
Debbie
On Tue, 16 Oct 2001 11:29:26 -0000 adopt101@aol.com writes:
However, we were asked by the consular staff at the Russian Embassy in DC
to show proof before they would issue our visas 
[Non-text portions of this message have been removed]
Message: 8
Date: Tue, 16 Oct 2001 13:36:20 -0400
I'd like to share the experience we had in Karaganda.  We stayed with a family in a small apartment adjacent to their own apartment.  It was a wonderful way to get our new son used to family life as well as have Russian speakers nearby to ease the transition to living with English-only speakers.
The particular family we stayed with consisted of a grandmother (retired schoolteacher) who was there ALL the time.  Babushka cooked all our meals as well and she and I became close friends even though she spoke only Russian and I only English.  The father was an engineer by training but was currently doing much of the document running necessary for the adoptions processed by our facilitator.  The mother was an ear/nose/throat doctor and there were 2 children (17 year old boy who spoke wonderful English and acted as our translator - for a fee of course - and his 10 year old sister).
I would encourage anyone who has the option of staying with a family to do so.  It helps to see how families live over there as well as observe first hand how food is served.  They eat the same sorts of food we see all the time here but serve it differently.  That knowledge alone was wonderful to have when our son first came back.  I fixed the food in the manner he was accustomed to seeing it served.  He now eats the way we do (big plates and cooked in our way) and he's been back since 1 March this year.
Lynn McCarthy
[Non-text portions of this message have been removed]
Message: 9
Date: Tue, 16 Oct 2001 18:17:18 GMT
Hello.
Has anyone on this list adopted (or in the process of adopting) from Taraz? I 
would really like some information about it. Please feel free to respond 
privately if necessary.
Thanks.
Message: 10
Date: Tue, 16 Oct 2001 11:37:18 -0700
Hi Everyone!
The tantrums just crack me up because of their similarities.  Of course, that's cuz we havent had one here in a week.  But, it is so typical for our kids to be "set off" by something that seems so simple, and then they end up hating themselves (I call it a "hate fest") and being self abusive.  Karly has told me during her tantrums that she is going to run away or kill herself, and she hits herself too.  How Kaz of her....yet her therapist says she's processing everything well and doesn't need to be seen every week.  But, it still is a worry for the future 
Here's a question.  If the kids are tantrumming and abusing themselves, doesn't that show guilt and self hatred?  Even though Kira doesn't feel bad about drinking the soda, doesn't she feel bad for doing a wrong thing?  Is the problem that she doesn't feel bad for hurting and disappointing the family?  Is this just misplaced guilt?
Here is an idea (and it is just an idea) about the conscience thing. The current behavioral theory with "normal" children is to discipline and consequence inappropriate behaviors without expressing anger, so kids don't feel shame or guilt.  So, would a way of teaching guilt include the parent sharing feelings of sadness and disappointment at the behavior?For instance, when Kira is calmed down, or at a later time, can you share your sadness that she lied to you?Can you on a regular basis model different feelings (it is totally hard for me NOT to model anger and frustration).  Just an idea 
What do the professionals who you all are working say about conscience 
Shannon, just once in a while, Karly has a positive feeling about her first family (such as when her birth parent bought her koolaid-wow there's a real  great parent, huh).  Anyway, I point at that it's good that at least she has ONE good memory about her, but when she begins sentimentalizing (?!) she is reminded that the nice kool aid lady also left her alone for hours, beat her, screamed at her and cut her with a knife.  This way, I figure she has a balanced perspective 
See you all later,
Denise
[Non-text portions of this message have been removed]
Message: 11
Date: Tue, 16 Oct 2001 18:50:33 -0000
--- In pakk@y..., bbrierefamily@j... wrote:
 we needed the HIV only if we would be there more than 3 months. 
 Debbie
I have been trying to check out the requirements for Russian Visa's 
and Kazakhstan Visa's with several of the agencies that assist people 
in getting their visa's.  For both Russia and Kazakhstan, I have only 
found that it is required if you are planning to stay over 3 months 
I wonder if it once was required for all traveling but is no longer??
Lisa A 
Message: 12
Date: Tue, 16 Oct 2001 20:12:19 -0000
One of our list members mistakenly sent a reply to the PAKK list that 
was intended for another list 
If you find yourself in this situation, and feel the post needs to be 
removed from the PAKK archives, please feel free to go into the 
MESSAGE archive on the PAKK home page and remove the message yourself. 
The Web address is 
You must be a registered yahoogroups user in addition to being a PAKK 
subscriber.
Once you are at the PAKK home page, simply click on the MESSAGE link 
along the left-hand side of the page, locate your message, open the 
message, and click on DELETE.  You are ONLY permitted to delete 
messages posted from YOUR email address.
If you have concerns about a message posted by another PAKK member 
that you feel needs to be removed from the archive, please either 
contact the originator of that post with a request that s/he remove it 
OR contact me or Suzanne Baker and we can delete it.
Laura
Message: 13
Date: Tue, 16 Oct 2001 20:30:42 -0000
My husband and I are discussing the pro's and con's of changing our 
soon-to-be-sons birthdate back a year.  He turned 8 in May 2001, and 
is JUST starting school in Kazakhstan.  When he comes home, I'd like 
to get him into second grade after a few months of english at home, 
home-bonding and home-schooling.  My husband wants to take away the 
stigma of him being older - but I don't want to "lie" (for lack of 
better words) to him about his birth date.  So, I'm leaning against 
it, but he, of course, is leaning towards it.  Thoughts anyone?
Smiles,  Annie
Message: 14
Date: Tue, 16 Oct 2001 16:34:14 -0400
I am all for "turning the clock ahead."  You can always skip a grade when they catch up and excell!
Thank you,
Jim McKay
>> anniejamaca@hotmail.com 10/16/01 04:30PM My husband and I are discussing the pro's and con's of changing our 
soon-to-be-sons birthdate back a year.  He turned 8 in May 2001, and 
is JUST starting school in Kazakhstan.  When he comes home, I'd like 
to get him into second grade after a few months of english at home, 
home-bonding and home-schooling.  My husband wants to take away the 
stigma of him being older - but I don't want to "lie" (for lack of 
better words) to him about his birth date.  So, I'm leaning against 
it, but he, of course, is leaning towards it.  Thoughts anyone?
Smiles,  Annie
Have some adorable pictures of your child you'd like to share????  Create a FAMILY FOLDER for your family and upload pictures of your child for other PAKK members to see.  It's simple and easy! 
Your use of Yahoo! Groups is subject to 
[Non-text portions of this message have been removed]
Message: 15
Date: Tue, 16 Oct 2001 16:42:34 EDT
Since Taraz seems to be the topic of conversation for so many right now, I 
decided to post directly to the list in hopes that I can share our experience.
We adopted our son, now 3 from Taraz in August of 2000 using Kids First/Frank 
Foundation 
In answer to alot of your questions, We flew through New Yorks JFK to Moscow, 
that flight was 10 hours long and we arrived in Moscow in mid morning and 
were brought to a hotel close to the airport to eat and rest.  Our flight to 
Almaty left at 11pm.  We arrived in Almaty after a 3 hour time difference and 
I believe the flight was about 3 hours as well, so it was about 4am Almaty 
time.  Once we got our luggage and made it through customs to our 
coordinator, the sun was just coming up.  We then went to her flat to rest 
some more and eat breakfast.  (Although it seems like we had alot of time to 
rest, it was worth it to lay down as much as possible and relax to help us 
adjust to the time change)  We then went to the bank to get money that had 
been wired to us and then got our tickets for the train ride for that night. 
I believe we got to the train station about 5pm for the train to leave about 
6pm.  We had our own cabin that had 2 padded benches with clean linens, 
plenty of pillows, a table and a window.  We were able to store our luggage 
under the bences.  The door to our cabin locked from the inside and we felt 
completely safe the entire time.  We took alot of video footage of the towns 
we went through.  There were people that would try to sell stuff at each of 
the stops.  Everything from bottled water to fried chicken.  The bathrooms 
were not the greatest on the train, but when you have to go, you take what 
you can get, although they were better than any port-a-potty I have ever been 
into here in the states.  Although I didn't visit other areas on the train, 
one of the people we were traveling with did and said you will see all sorts 
of people that are in non-private cars, but nobody ever bothered us.
We arrived at the Taraz train station around 4am and were met by the driver 
of the orphanage with his van.  We were brought to our host families flat to 
get settled and then went to the orphanage to meet our son.  Each day we were 
able to visit the bobek for about 3 hours in the morning and 2-3 hours in the 
afternoon.  Our court experience was short and non-eventful.  We were able to 
have dinner with the orphanage director at a restraunt by her flat.  We were 
able to go to the store everyday for bottled,noncarbonated water (and beer 
too)  We also visited the internet cafe which is just down the street from 
the telecom building.  It was very inexpensive.  We ate at a few restraunts 
in Taraz as well and never got sick.  One gentleman got sick from drinking 
some bad vodka, but said it was just like he drank something that didn't 
agree with him, he vomited once and was fine. 
The train ride back to Almaty left about the same time and we had no worries 
with our son.  We made a bed for him on the floor between our benches and he 
slept the entire time.  Another couple I know, made a bed for their infant in 
their small suitcase ontop of their clean clothes so the child wouldn't roll 
around.
One thing I can't express enough was the CHILDRENS CHEWABLE DRAMAMINE!  It is 
perfect and the last thing you want is a vomiting toddler on the plane.  It 
is messy and awful.
Also take lots of pictures!  While putting together my sons scrapbook of our 
journey to get him, I realized I hadn't taken pictures of things that now are 
important.
If you have any questions, feel free to email me.
God Bless and good luck.
Jennifer
Blakes Mom
b. 5/19/98
a. 8/31/00
Taraz, KZ
[Non-text portions of this message have been removed]
Message: 16
Date: Tue, 16 Oct 2001 17:16:25 -0400
We gave our youngest a two year "discount" -- which actually puts her in the
50th percentile on weight and height.  We explained it to her as the fact
that she was getting some of the years she spent in the orphanage back.
This was one of the best decisions we made early on.
Gavin Helf, Ph.D.
Director of Grant Programs
The Eurasia Foundation 
1350 Connecticut Avenue N.W., Suite 1000
Washington, D.C. 20036
(202) 234-7370, ext. 129
(202) 234-7377
ghelf@eurasia.org
Message: 17
Date: Wed, 17 Oct 2001 00:17:56 -0000
>My husband and I are discussing the pro's and con's of changing our 
soon-to-be-sons birthdate back a year 
We held each child back 1 year in school from their American age 
peers, but did NOT change their actual birthdates.
Initially, I felt strongly that we should change their birthdates by 
1 year -- but Jackson felt VERY strongly that we should not.  His 
logic was that after we opted to change their Russian and Kazak 
names -- the only "thing" they brought with them from Kaz was their 
birthdates.
The school district initially placed a GREAT deal of pressure on us 
to place them with their age peers, but we resisted and basically 
demanded that they be placed back 1 year -- which was within our 
rights to do -- although the school district tried to convince us 
otherwise.  They kept telling us that ESL would catch the kids up 
soon enough -- but given the fact that neither child had much formal 
education, we didn't feel starting them in 2nd and 4th grade was in 
their best interest.
So, although our kids were 8 and 10 years old when they came home in 
April of 2000, we started them off in 1st and 3rd grade.  The kids 
then attended 1st and 3rd grade summer school -- and we moved them on 
to 2nd and 4th grade in September 2000, just over 4 months after they 
came home 
Academically and socially, they were really still about a year behind 
their classmates, maybe more, when they started 2nd and 4th grade 
last year -- but by the end of the school year they were almost 
working at grade level and were nearly on par socially with their 
classmates.
In terms of their sizes, which was a MAJOR driver behind holding them 
back 1 year -- I would say they were about in the middle of their 
classes in terms of their heights and weights when they started 
school.  HOWEVER, after being home for 16 months -- BOTH kids were at 
the 60th percentile for height for their AGES -- making them two of 
the tallest kids in their grades.
I don't have the exact figures on how much they grew -- but we know 
that in the first 18 months after Nicholas left the orphanage he grew 
more than 7 inches and Kira grew more than 6 inches and gained 11 
pounds the first year home.
We did initially consider holding them back 2 years from their age 
peers when they came home -- but we are VERY, VERY glad now that we 
didn't do that.  If we had held them back 2 grades instead of just 
one BOTH kids would have TOWERED over the other kids right now Academically they would have been better off, but socially it would 
have been disasterous.  As it is now, the kids look noticeably bigger 
than many of their classmates -- which is incredible given how small 
they were compared to most of the other kids when they came home.
Anyway, this is what we did 
Laura
Message: 18
Date: Wed, 17 Oct 2001 00:34:23 GMT
 We gave our youngest a two year "discount" -- which actually puts her in the
 50th percentile on weight and height.  We explained it to her as the fact
 that she was getting some of the years she spent in the orphanage back.
 This was one of the best decisions we made early on.
This is something that I have also considered for the child that I intend to 
adopt, in order to put her on a more even level with her "peers" here. She just 
turned 6, but is about the size of a 3 1/2 year old.
As far as I know, she has not gotten any formal schooling yet where she is, 
even though she would be in Kindergarten or 1st grade here by now. I want her 
to have every advantage to get the most out of her experiences in life, and 
feel that she will be best served by allowing her to be the "same age" as other 
children that are closer to her size and developmental level.
Message: 19
Date: Tue, 16 Oct 2001 20:33:45 -0400
We have been home from Taraz for 6 months now, and I have traveled there
twice.  Would be happy to answer any questions....I'm out of town until
Sunday though
Kristin in Va
Saule - 11 years old from Taraz
Kate (10) and Ellis (8) homegrown
 Hello.