Thanks.
Vince
Happy Birthday !
Hope you had a nice weekend
P
Paula,
Do u want to go out and eat one day on weekend?
Vince
Just saw your name - I am on a conf call - how are you?
Krishna,
Should you go and Youyi go?
Vince
Dear Dr. Kaminshi:
I obtained your e-mail from Youyi Feng at Enron. I would like to bring to
your attention the INFORMS Revenue Management conference that I am
organizing at Columbia University with Prof. Garrett van Ryzin. You can find
more information about the conference by following the link
I truly hope you
can attend.
Sincerely,
-Guillermo Gallego
Columbia University
Dept. of Ind. Eng. & Oper. Res.
324 S.W. Mudd Bldg.
500 West 120th Street, New York NY
Phone: (212) 854 2935
Fax: (212) 854 8103
e-mail: ggallego@ieor.columbia.edu
John,
Sounds interesting. I shall put July 27th on my calendar.
Vince
Vince,
Great to talk with you this morning and hear that you are well (if not
connected).  Here's my suggestion for "setting my work platform on fire".
On July 27th I am teaching in the Dallas Executive MBA program.  John
McCormack (Stern-Stewart, NY) is going to come down to help out with the
class and I would like you to come as well.  If you would like to come in
on Thursday evening then you, John, and I can meet and work on a joint
project.  What I have in mind, generally, is delving more deeply into the
actual use of real options in creating synthetic multi-fuel power plants.
I have a paper that I assign the class which introduces real options as an
attribute of the physical power plant that can switch from oil to gas.
When I was writing our paper I read one of your papers that suggested the
use of energy swaps to accomplish the same end in a synthetic manner.  I
would like to "learn more" about how this might actually be done
(costs/benefits, etc) and write-up a case study surrounding a specific
application.  I know this is not rocket science to you but I believe there
is value in "translating practice and science to application in the form of
educational materials".  My standard of "what's valuable" relies on my own
ignorance here.  I figure that if I don't know it then there are a lot of
folks in the profession that might benefit from my learning.  Both you and
John are very knowledgeable here so I will again sit at the feet of the
masters.
That's the project, now let's talk about the class.  The idea of the class
is to let John do some Stern-Stewart stuff (performance measurement and
compensation) and let you talk about how Enron uses energy derivatives to
facilitate trade in the energy business.  I'm sure we will have had some
brownouts in California by the time of the class will be very interested in
the energy business and the way that Enron has redefined it.
Hope you can make it.
John
John D. Martin
Carr P. Collins Chair in Finance
Finance Department
Baylor University
PO Box 98004
Waco, TX 76798
254-710-4473 (Office)
254-710-1092 (Fax)
J_Martin@Baylor.edu
web 
Paula,
No, I drove.
Vince
Did you ride the bus today?
Joseph,
It was a pleasure meeting you last week
at the conference. 
Thanks for the materials regarding the Energy MBA program
at the University of Alberta that you sent me. I forwarded a copy
with my recommendation to Billy Lemmons who heads our 
Analyst / Associate program.
Vince Kaminski
See the attached very interesting paper. 
=20
Dear Participants,
Attached is file containing one new and three slide shows that are to be presented at the conference. =20
If you have any questions or concerns please feel free to contact me.
Sincerely,
Jeremy T. Guenter
Administrative Assistant
Center for Research in Regulated Industries
Rutgers University - Graduate School of Management
180 University Avenue, Room 200P
Newark, NJ 07102-1897
phone: 973-353-5761; fax: 973-353-1348
crri@andromeda.rutgers.edu=20
=20
- Update2.pdf=20
=20
Center for Research in Regulated Industries
Rutgers University - Graduate School of Management
180 University Avenue, Room 200P
Newark, NJ 07102-1897
phone: 973-353-5761; fax: 973-353-1348
crri@andromeda.rutgers.edu  =20
=20
Jeannie,
No problem. please, call Shirley (3-5290) to set up a meeting.
Vince
Vince, you may remember me as the writer who helped on the natural gas chapter for the Risk Management book. As you know, I work for Enron full-time as a writer of many articles and publications.
I will be in Houston next week and I wondered if you had a half hour on Tuesday afternoon or Wednesday to talk about market trends. I'm also available until 11 a.m. on Thursday.
Thanks,
Jeannie
Michael,
I really appreciate it. It will be a great opportunity to give you
an update about my plans. I hope to continue working
in the energy industry and continue as a customer of CERA once
I move to a new position. My last day at Enron will be January the 31st.
My personal E-mail address in the interim period is vkaminski@aol.com.
I assume I can just show up on the first day of your conference.
Vince
Vince,
The CERA contract with Enron has expired, but it would be my pleasure to
invite you as my guest this year.  Let me know if you would be
interested.
Michael
_______________________________________
Michael Maddox
Senior Director
CERA
20 University Rd.
Cambridge, MA  02138
617-498-9131
mmaddox@cera.com
www.cera.com
Vince,
Here is the latest copy of the note.
Please comment.  Thanks.
Rakesh
Please do not reply to this e-mail.
You are receiving this message because an invoice requiring coding, issue resolution, or approval has been forwarded to your iBuyit Payables in-box.  This requires your action through iBuyit Payables.
To launch iBuyit Payables, click on the link below:
Note:  Log into iBuyitPayables using the same Employee PID (P-Number) and Password you use to enter the eHRonline system and/or SAP.
First time iBuyit Payables user?  For training materials, click on the link below:
Need help?
Please contact the ISC Call Center at (713) 345-4727.
Ms. Fraser -
Let me briefly introduce myself. My name is Harry Baumes and I head the
Agriculture Services area at DRI-WEFA. I have been working with Peter McNabb
regarding ENRON's interest in our agriculture and fertilizer capabilities.
He has asked me to forward samples of some of our short-term oriented
agriculture publications to you.
Peter has forwarded material to you and your colleagues already. The
materials attached are in PDF format. These products include:
US Agriculture Executive Summary
Corn Commodity Update
Cotton Commodity Update
Rice Commodity Update
Soybean Commodity Update
Wheat Commodity Update
Fertilizer Market Assessment
In addition I am also including a recent "Agriculture Commentary". This is a
product that we release on an as needed basis. When there is a major USDA
publication release or a major event that impacts agricultural markets, we
typically release an assessment of the event or publication. For example, on
March 30, the USDa released it Planting Perspective report, we provided our
clients with an Commentary. The outbreak of Foot & Mouth Disease in the UK
earlier this year was an event that led us to release a Commentary. The
Commentary is DRI-WEFA's quick response newsworth items.
Also, to help support clients. We make available to our clients, Planting
and and Harvest Progress Reports. this information is available to
individuals and/or organizations through USDA. The value DRI-WEFA provides
is that we include graphics that enable a comparison of the current year's
progress with the 10 year average and the PROGRESS high and low over the
past 10 years. This detail is available at the national and for each
reporting state.
If you have any questions after reviewing the attached material, please feel
free to contact either Peter or me.
I look forward to the opportunity to work with you and your colleagues at
ENRON.
Have a  nice weekend.
Harry Baumes
Sr Vice President
Industry & Agriculture
(610) 490-2521
- 013001exsum.pdf 
- 020801FMArev.pdf 
- corn0101.pdf 
- cot0101.pdf 
- rce0101.pdf 
- soy0101.pdf 
- SRcommentary.pdf 
- wht0101.pdf 
Vince,
Forwarded for your approval.
Thanks,
Sam
Sam,
Bob Lee looked this over and thought you may consider it for RI.  Vince has not seen it yet.
After this, I don't think I'll have any other tech corner articles for a while thanks
ken
Vince:  I received this resume today.  Would you take a look at it and let me know if you would be interested in talking with him?
Thanks,
Molly
x34804
Tai Woo,
Here are the c-codes for the CrudeAPO.  'Sig' is the spot
volatility meaning the price volatility within the delivery period. 
You should consult  with Pavel for the definition of this "extra" parameters.   We 
would like to see the Position Monitor once you get it running.
We might have some additional suggestions.
Paulo,
Why don't we have a documentation on CrudeAPO you worked on ?
I can not find it in Exotica help file.   Please supply that to Tai, thanks.
This morning, Zimin told me that Pavel is using a special model in evaluating his Asian option portfolio. 
He asked me to talk to you in order to access to the code so that I can see the difference made to the model.
As I cannot find the doc. describing this model, please tell me what that new input parameter 'Sig' is.
Thanks,
Liz,
I can take one set, either today or tomorrow.
Thanks.
Vince
Greg Whalley's four diamond club level Astros tickets are available for tonight and tomorrow night (5/21 & 22).  Please advise if you have an interest.
Many Thanks,
Liz Taylor
x31935
Dear Dr Kaminsky,
on behalf of the Scientific Committee of the 2nd World Congress of the
Bachelier Finance Society, it is my pleasure to invite you to give one of
the plenary lectures.
The Bachelier Finance Society came into being in 1996 by the initiative of
mathematical finance researchers who found the need to create an
organization where academia and practitioners would meet and exchange
ideas spanning on the crossroads between Finance, Economics, Econometrics,
Insurance and Mathematics.
The conference is the Society's second biannual meeting and it will take
place in the island of Crete, from June 12 to June 15, 2002.
The other members of the Scientific Committee are G.Constantinides,
M.Davis, F.Delbaen, D.Duffie, H.Foellmer, M.Jeanblanc and E.Platen.
Either myself or any other member of the committee would be happy to
discuss with you about the Conference and the Society.
Crete is one of the most beautiful greek islands. The conference will take
place in a resort in Xersonissos, a picturesque site close to Irakleion
and Knossos. The airfare (economy class) and all local expenses (lodging,
meals and local transportation) will be covered.
We will all be honored by your presence.
Sincerely,
Thaleia Zariphopoulou
Chair of the Scientific Committee
V.N.Neuhaus Professor
Dpts of Mathematics and MSIS
The University of Texas at Austin
After more years than I care to mention, I am leaving Enron tomorrow as part of the team that's going to AEP with the sale of Houston Pipe Line Company.
I just wanted to say thanks to as many people as I could remember that helped make the time at Enron pass so quickly.  It's been great working with you!!
Best wishes
Lee
p.s. My new email will be:	llpapayoti@aep.com
Bill,
Yes, I am coming to Boston.
Look forward to meeting you there.
My son has not made any decision yet.
I am enclosing his resume: please, let
me know what you think.
Vince
Hi Vince -
I wanted to check on a couple of items following our discussions earlier
this year: 1) has your son decided where he will work? and 2) will you be in
Boston for the Risk 2001 conference?
Development is moving along at a good pace here at Opt4.
,
Bill Balson
Dear Vince
I have not heard from you for a few days and was  wondering what is happening. The last time I spoke to Shelley, everything was  fine and that you were still going ahead with your presentation and  co-presenting the workshop on energy risk.
Please do reply to put my mind at  rest!
Thank you
Andreas
______________________
Andreas  Simou
Conference Director, GARP
Tel: +44 (0)20 7626 9301
Fax: +44 (0)20  7626 9900www.garp.com 
Don't miss the GARP 2002 Convention,
for full  program details visit our web site, www.garp.com  
Due to technical difficulties the previous copy of Btu Weekly contained some incorrect data. Please discard the previous issue and use this one. We apologize for any inconvenience this may have caused.
e-mail: info@Btu.net
phone: 732-758-8222
fax: 732-758-8286
- wg052801.pdf 
Due to technical difficulties the previous copy of Btu Weekly contained some incorrect data. Please discard the previous issue and use this one. We apologize for any inconvenience this may have caused.
e-mail: info@Btu.net
phone: 732-758-8222
fax: 732-758-8286
- wg052101.pdf 
Due to technical difficulties the previous copy of Btu Weekly contained some incorrect data. Please discard the previous issue and use this one. We apologize for any inconvenience this may have caused.
e-mail: info@Btu.net
phone: 732-758-8222
fax: 732-758-8286
- wg051401.pdf 
Attached is the latest issue of Btu's Weekly Power Report
e-mail: info@Btu.net
phone: 732-758-8222
fax: 732-758-8286
- wp060401.pdf 
Attached is the latest issue of Btu's Weekly Power Report
e-mail: info@Btu.net
phone: 732-758-8222
fax: 732-758-8286
- wp052801.pdf 
Attached is the latest issue of Btu's Weekly Power Report
e-mail: info@Btu.net
phone: 732-758-8222
fax: 732-758-8286
- wp051401.pdf 
CPUC Delays QF Payment Vote 
Sources believe that the delay in the PUC vote on paying the QFs 15% of  their undercollected debt is likely a result from both a concern about bankruptcy issues raised by issuing what could be seen as a "preference payment" to the QFs (the PUC does follow these issues out of necessity, given the current environment) and a lack of clarity regarding how to implement the 15% payment.  The delay was unsurprising and characteristic of how the PUC operates.  It is also noted that there are many claims on SoCal's and PG&E's cash flows currently.  Additionally, agreeing to pay 15% of debts to the QFs raises legal issues, in that the utilities would be paying debts to some creditors, but not others.  This could increase the likelihood of an involuntary bankruptcy filing against SoCal by the non-QF creditors.
Below are details of new plan currently being created by California State Treasurer Phil Angelides and supported by Sen. Burton.  The plan is in the initial stages and is not currently on any legislative fast-track.  It is also not motivated by a desire to save SoCal from bankruptcy.  The creator's goal is to give Californians more control over their energy and electric futures as well as giving the tax/rate payers a share of the pie in return for money that has/will go to the utilities.  We will continue to monitor this plan, its supporters and progress.
Plan Z
California State Treasurer Phil Angelides and a powerful group of legislators are finally taking action and are developing a plan to solve California's energy crisis this summer.  The group is comprised of leftish legislators, environmental advocates, in-state energy company executives and business leaders and they are pulling together a Plan Z.  At the core of the plan is the recently passed authorization to erect a California Public Power Authority that issues bonds, constructs new power plants and buys up transmission lines.  There is even talk within this group of using newly legislated authority to buy SoCal Edison for $3.5 billion (less than it owes) although they would face huge obstacles and receive strong opposition from power companies as well as Edison itself.
The five-year goal is to have enough power generation capacity to guarantee a 5%-15% "cushion" against energy peak demand.  Angelides and Burton want to create enough capacity to form a buyer's market.  One of the points of the plan is to replace private sector generation with more public sector generation.  This plan may short-circuit private sector plans to build new plants, but the state has the ability to issue $5B in revenue-backed bonds (in addition to the $12B rate-backed bonds).    The second key element in the Angelides-Burton Plan Z is additional rate hikes for California's consumers and businesses.  Although discussions are still underway between this group and business leaders, Angelides is wanting to propose an additional 45% increase in residential and commercial electricity rates, however, there is immense sympathy for loading a disproportionate share of the burden on businesses.   This increase is on top of the 50%-60% already mandated by previous PUC decisions this year.  These rate increases will do two things: stop the immediate fiscal drain on the state of California and prevent emergency tax hikes (being serious considered last week). =20
Issues to consider in   to this plan are: (1) how much will current shareholders be diluted in return for helping the utilities repay long-owed debts (or what would they get if the state decided to buy up all of SoCal Edison); and (2) how much will creditors have to "eat" in the legislated repayment plan?   In other words how big will the equity and bond haircuts be?  There is no answer to these questions right now as legislators work to cobble together a plan with numbers that work without triggering a massive and politically destructive rebellion by voters next year.
Mike,
Steve is still producing his numbers under the Research Group logo.
Vince
- ENRON RESEARCH Nat gas.doc 
Gwyn,
No problem. Feel free to take time off  to study and treat it as work at
home. You can also expense the costs releated to the exam and the prep
course.
Vince
Hi Vince, 
I am sitting the CFA exam (Level I) on June 2.  In order for me to stay on track with my study schedule, it would be most helpful for me to take a number of days off prior to the exam.  I am wondering whether Enron has a paid-time off policy for individuals who are taking time out of the office to prepare for written professional exams.  In this effort, I am hoping to take the 2 days off prior to Memorial Day, as well as the 4 days after Memorial Day to study.  The spillover from working some weekends during the last few months (when curve demand was heavier, Mitra hadn't yet started, and GMM preparation) pushed back my schedule somewhat, and I'm hoping to make up for it in the days leading up to the actual exam date 
I'd appreciate it if you let me know if there is such a policy to allow time off with pay for situations such as mine 
Also, regarding reimbursement of my expenses associated with the CFA exam, will Enron (or ENA Research, now that I am out of the A/A program) reimburse me for my exam prep costs as well as incidental expenses (e.g. airfare to Chicago to take the CFA prep course (3 days) in early May, as I was out of town on a pre-planned vacation during the Houston session).
Thanks for your help and guidance.
Gwyn Koepke
Upton Sinclair 
A B C D E F G H I J K L M 
N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 
It is difficult to get a man to
understand something when his
salary depends upon his not
understanding it. 
Upton Sinclair 
Thomas,
I shall send you two copies. Please, confirm the receipt
when you receive the copies.
Vince
P.S. Shirley, please send 2 copies to Thomas.
Dear Vince,
I'm working in the Continental Power Structured Products group here in London, and we'd like to use the Clewlow/Strickland book "Energy Derivatives. Pricing & Risk Management".
Is there such a thing as an "Enron discount", and if so, how should we purchase the book (two copies) to get it?
Thanks,
THOMAS.
Traci,
I shall be glad to work with your team at Carnegie Mellon.
Vince Kaminski
Shirley,
FYI
Vince
The above referenced meeting has been scheduled for Monday, June 18 from 1:30 - 2:30 in EB7C1.
Thank you,
Debbie
Bryan,
I am trying to set up a conference call 30 minutes with Andy Kalotay.
I worked with Andy at Salomon; he is now running his consulting
firm in NYC and would like to talk to us about marketing a credit
product he helped to develop. The info is attached below.
Shirley will call you in the morning.
Vince
S&P Credit Indices reflect daily movements in credit spread levels within two
sectors of the U.S. bond market. S&P Credit Indices are quoted in basis
points over the U.S. Treasury yield curve once daily. 
Credit spread movements within the investment grade spectrum are
represented in the S&P U.S. Industrial Investment Grade Credit Index while
movements within the speculative grade rating spectrum are captured in the
S&P U.S. Industrial Speculative Grade Credit Index. 
Each credit index represents the distribution of U.S. corporate issues across
different rating categories and subsectors. Re-balancing occurs regularly to
ensure that the indices are composed of relevant issues with sufficient
liquidity. Pricing information for the S&P Credit Indices' underlying securities
is derived from a number of sources. 
Option adjusted spreads (OAS) are used as a proxy for nominal credit
spreads in order to adjust for the presence of embedded options. Standard &
Poor's utilizes the proprietary option adjusted spread model developed by
Andrew Kalotay Associates, Inc. 
For a copy of our methodology please send us an e-mail with your name and
mailing address. To download index history, please click here.For more
information about S&P Credit Indices, including licensing opportunities,
please call (877) 779-7724 or contact: 
Andrew I. Pedvis, CFA 
Director 
(212) 438-6504 
andrew_pedvis@standardandpoors.com 
Diane Vazza 
Director 
(212) 438-2760 
diane_vazza@standardandpoors.com 
Todd,
I shall be glad to speak at the conference.
Please, send me a detailed agenda when it's ready.
Vince
Vince Kaminski
Enron
Dear Mr. Kaminski:
I invite you or someone from your group to speak at a conference on Gas
Volatility and Storage Valuation, to be held 10-12 October in Houston.
Invited participants include modelers from Aquila, Williams, and El Paso,
market participants from HNG Storage and Consumers, storage expert Ken
Beckman of International Gas Consulting, and software vendors Lukens,
Caminus, and Pros Revenue Management. INFOCAST is the conference organizer.
I invite you, or someone from your group, to present on "Implied Volatility
from Options." Other presentations in this session include:
? Estimating Volatility in NYMEX Futures
? Estimating Volatility in Spot and Basis
The session is scheduled for Wednesday afternoon, 10 October 2001, as part
of the preconference workshop.
I will call you follow up on this invitation. Please feel free to reply via
e-mail, or call me at the number below.
I look forward to discussing this with you.
____________
Todd Strauss
Director, Quantitative Analysis
PG&E National Energy Group
7600 Wisconsin Avenue
Bethesda, MD  20814
(301) 280-5523
todd.strauss@neg.pge.com
Howard,
The conference call is confirmed. Friday, June 1, 9:00 a.m. Central Time.
Mark Tawney, the Head of our Weather Desk will participate.
The call will originate from my office, EB1962, 713 853 3848.
Shirley Crenshaw's number is 713 853 5290.
Vince
Vince:
Paul and I are looking forward to our conference call tomorrow at 10 am EDT.
I can be reached at  610 664-8776
Paul can be reached at 412-268-5960
Please let Kate and Theresa (both copied on this message) know whether we are to call a number or whether someone will be calling us tomorrow. Thanks.
Howard
Howard Kunreuther
Cecilia Yen Koo Professor of Decisions Sciences and Public Policy
Chairperson   Operations and Information Management Department
1326 Steinberg Hall-Dietrich Hall
Wharton School
University of Pennsylvania
Philadelphia, PA 19104-6366
Phone:215-898-4589
FAX:215-573-2130
Email:kunreuth@wharton.upenn.edu
Clare,
I regret to inform you that I have to decline your invitation due
to prior commitments on the same days.
Vince Kaminski
Vince,
I am writing in   to an energy derivatives training course I am
developing.  I would like to invite you to be an instructor for the course.
A preliminary agenda is attached.  Brett Humphreys from Risk Capital
Management is teaching on Day One, and I was wondering if you would be
interested in covering all or part of Day Two.  The topics outlined here can
be modified based on your feedback.
Our training courses are structured for an interactive, classroom-type
setting.  We limit the audience to 25 people and bring in 2-3 instructors to
cover the material over the course of two days.
I will follow up but please let me know what you think.
Thank you,
Clare Fitzgerald
Director, Training Courses
marcus evans
312-540-3000x6785
- Agenda.doc  
Piotr,
Tak, koniec czerwca.
Dam Ci znac.
Wicek
Pozdrowienia, Piotr
Hi Mark,
This email is in reference to our meeting today regarding the following issues:
1.  Meeting with Mark Braemer (??) to discuss subjective inputs to your credit models (to be released this summer).
2.  Your willingness to let us use some of your data (in files on the 6th floor) to experiment with Moody's RiskCalc.
In the near future I would love to meet with Mark and some of the model developers to learn more about their modeling process - especially the subjective component.  Please let me know how I can contact Mark and any relevant parties.
Also, thank you in advance for allowing Kyriakos access to your files on the 6th floor.  We will contact you on Tuesday morning to find out when it is convenient for him to come down.
More specifically, to evaluate Moody's RiskCalc we will need the following financial inputs for Enron's North American (private firm) counterparties:
Fiscal Year
The prior twelve months of financial data are represented. Annual statements are usable as well as quarterly statements after summing the flow variables, such as cost of goods sold, net income, sales, and EBIT. The value should be a four-digit integer year without mention of the day or month such as 1999 or 2000. Forecasts until the year 2009 can be made. A constant rate of inflation is applied to future years using last year's (1999) inflation level. In general this 'estimation error' will not cause any great problems, as size affects default rates at very large scales (e.g., $10,000,000 vs. $1,000,000 makes a significant difference, $1,000,000 vs. $1,050,00 does not 
Cash & Equivalents
This measure of liquid assets includes cash and marketable securities. 
Inventory
Inventories are taken directly from the balance sheet, in thousands dollars, without any alterations for accounting method (e.g., LIFO, FIFO, Average Cost). This item represents merchandise bought for resale and materials and supplies purchased for use in production of revenue. Specifically this would include purchase cost, sales cost, sales taxes, transportation costs, insurance costs, and storage costs.
Current Assets
This item primarily represents cash, inventories, accounts receivables, marketable securities, and other current assets. 
Total Assets
Total Assets and every other variable are entered in thousands of dollars. For example, $15,500,000 should be entered as 15500. Specifically, total assets are the sum of current assets plus net property, plant, and equipment plus other noncurrent assets (including intangible assets, deferred items, and investments and advances). Leave previous year's total assets blank for Australian companies. 
Current Liabilities
Liabilities are positive values. Included in current liabilities are short-term debt, accounts payable, and other current liabilities. 
Total Liabilities
This balance sheet account, total liabilities, is a positive number representing the sum of current liabilities plus long-term debt plus other noncurrent liabilities (including deferred taxes, investment tax credit, and minority interest 
Retained Earnings
Retained Earnings, a historical measure of performance, is the cumulative earnings of the company less total dividend distributions to shareholders. Typically, it is the prior year's retained earnings plus net income less distributions. Retained earnings are generally positive. Some firms with low credit quality will have negative retained earnings. Leave this field blank for Australian companies. 
Sales
This item consists of the industry segment's gross sales (the amount of actual billings to customers for regular sales completed during the period) reduced by cash discounts, trade discounts, and returned sales and allowances for which credit is given to customers. 
Cost of Goods Sold
Entered in thousands of dollars, this value is generally a positive number less than sales. It represents all costs directly allocated by the company to production, such as material, labor, and overhead. Not fixed overhead or items that would be included in Selling, General, and Administrative Expenses. Leave this field blank for Australian companies. 
EBIT
Earning before interest expense is operating income after depreciation. It can be positive or negative but is usually greater then net income. 
Interest Expense
This item represents the periodic expense to the company of securing short- and long-term debt. Typically, we expect this charge to be approximately the prevailing interest rate times the total liabilities. One measure of computing this is: Interest Expense = 0.07 * total liabilities. 
Net Income
This item represents the income (or loss) reported by a company after expenses and losses have been subtracted from all revenues and gains for the fiscal period including extraordinary items and discontinued operations. A loss is represented by a negative sign. For example, a $5,000,000 loss would be entered as -5000. Leave previous year's net income blank for Australian companies. 
Extraordinary Items
Positive or negative, this item represents unusual items that sometimes appear on the income statement. The items are designated by the company as extraordinary and presented after net income from continuing operations and discontinued operations. These items include extraordinary gains/losses, income (loss) from discontinued operations, and cumulative affect of accounting changes. Expenses are entered as negative values, gains as positive values. Leave previous year's extraordinary items blank for Australian companies. 
Country
This model is calibrated for the United States, Canada, and Australia. 
Thanks for your assistance,
Iris
Alex,
Data from Larry Thorne.
Vince
Dear Vince,
Just to remind you, I will be graduating this May with an MBA from Rice.  My
concentration is in finance, but I'm also an undergraduate engineer from
Cornell University and an IT specialist.
I need help not simply finding a job, but perhaps some suggestions on how I
can differentiate myself from my classmates in my job search.  I've been
somewhat frustrated trying to explain why I'm more effective than my peers.
Mike Roberts even said that I achieved more for the weather group in three
months over the Summer than any other MBA achieved in a year.  This was
probably due to my technical background and ability to put models into
program code quickly and reliably.
I know this is a tough economy, but I just want a chance to do good work and
show quick success.  What I can't say in my resume is that I'm the best in
my class at finance, statistics, and information technology.  However, this
combination is also my biggest crutch.  I'd like to engage all my skills,
but typically, interviewers are only looking for one.
Do you have any leads to big or small companies that might be interested in
my skill set?  I'm indifferent to moving anywhere in the U.S.
Vince, in any case, I appreciate your time and any suggestions you could
offer.  I had a wonderful time working for you, we really had a good team.
If you have any questions for me, please call or email me at any time.
Sincerely,
Chris Pernoud
P.S. If your son ever wants to startup a linux company, I'd be interested in
helping, he could email me at cgp1@cornell.edu.
4848 Pin Oak Park
Apt. 1516
Houston, TX 77081
(713)349-8963
cgp1@cornell.edu
- ChrisPernoud.doc 
Attached please find a draft for the decision tree, please give me some feedback.
thanks,
-chonawee
=20
Dear Participants:
Here are the Directions to the Tamiment:
From New York & Points East: West on I-80 to Delaware Water Gap to bridge crossing into PA. Continue to Exit 52 --- Marshalls Creek, get off the exit and take 209 North to Bushkill. Turn left at the blinker traffic light (onto Bushkill Falls Road) and Tamiment is 4 miles up the hill.
From Philadelphia and Points South: North on the NE Extension (I-476) of the PA Turnpike to Exit 33 (Lehigh Valley). Proceed East on Route 22 to Route 33 North, which then meets I-80 East. Take 80 East to Exit 52. Get off and take 209 North Bushkill .Turn left at the blinker Traffic light and Tamiment is 4 miles up the hill.
From Washington and Baltimore: Take I-83 North to junction of I-81. Proceed North on I-81 to junction of I-78 to Route 33 North. Then Proceed as indicated on directions fron Philadelphia.
From Connecticut and New England: West on I-84 to 209 South. South on 209 to Bushkill. Turn right at blinker traffic light (onto Bushkill Falls Road) and Tamiment is 4 miles up the hill.=20
If you have any questions or concerns please feel free to contact me.
Sincerely,
Jeremy T. Guenter
Administrative Assistant
Center for Research in Regulated Industries
Rutgers University - Graduate School of Management
180 University Avenue, Room 200P
Newark, NJ 07102-1897
phone: 973-353-5761; fax: 973-353-1348
crri@andromeda.rutgers.edu=20
Center for Research in Regulated Industries
Rutgers University - Graduate School of Management
180 University Avenue, Room 200P
Newark, NJ 07102-1897
phone: 973-353-5761; fax: 973-353-1348
crri@andromeda.rutgers.edu  =20
Tony, 
Great. Richard is a very important internal customer. 
Also, please keep in mind that for power trading in the UK
and Europe winter is the most important season.
We should be thinking about ramping up resources by then.
Vince
Hi Vince
Just thought I would bring you up to speed on conversation last week with Richard Lewis.
Turns out I had already met him briefly way back at start of March!  He is very personable and was impressed with the daily briefing I give to UK Gas which he has overheard on several occasions.
He is very keen for me to provide a daily briefing for UK Power, similar in format to current briefing for UK Gas.
He introduced me to Simon Hastings who heads up UK Power Trading Desk (similar level to Peter Crilly in UK Gas) - I will be meeting with him later this week to discuss specific UK Power weather requirements.
Initially, due to workload at this end, I will provide them with the same package as UK Gas (i.e. 1 to 5 Day temperature outlook for UK) at around 8:15 am, but they are interested in getting 1 to 5 day outlook for precipitation and illumination (cloud cover) up and running - we can work towards spinning these up in the future.
Will be spinning up a daily briefing for Softs starting on Monday, and a daily briefing for Weather Derivatives starting Mid June/July.
,
Tony
Mike,
Great appearance on Frontline.
PQ was late. He asked us to call tonight 5:30.
Vince
Sorry I missed the Paul Q call
The meeting with Doane Agricultural (Gary Hickerson) started late (3:15) and went way over
It has great potential, their proposal
I'll update you at your first convenience
Mike
Steve, Thanks.
I shall add to the length when DVN drops
on the news of lower nat gas prices.
Let's go out and eat (moderately)
in a few weeks.
Vince
Good Morning Vince,
DVN might be bought on the next  pullback.
Thank You again for the great dinner at Brennans. I  miss the camaraderie that we had by being in the same local. Just got back from  Pittsburgh, so I will start getting stock picks to you. 
Steve 
John,
The adddress that works is Vince.J. Kaminski@
Vince
Paul and Howard,
I am sending you as promised the E-mail addresses of
the participants of the conference call on Friday.
Vince
joseph.hrgovcic@ 
mark.tawney@ 
claudio.ribeiro@
Paul and Howard,
I am sending you as promised the E-mail addresses of
the participants of the conference call on Friday.
Vince
joseph.hrgovcic@ 
mark.tawney@ 
claudio.ribeiro@
Diane,
Thanks for thinking about us.
We should have an answer shortly.
Vince
Vince,
I was waiting till Kevin gets back - he's cleaning up 30c2
He has a file on it all
$300 per month seems like a lot, but we use the heck out of it 
for communications daily with Tony, for video briefing preparation
I know it needed it's own server, but I want to make sure we only pay our fair share
I'll let you know accurate cost allocation as soon as kevin returns
- Mike
Mike,
Any thoughts?
Vince
Have you had a chance to look into this yet?
Thanks,
Diane
Mike,
Does it sound right?
Vince
Vince,
I have gotten notice from EGM that they want to charge your cost center for the use of a weather research system named Avistar that someone is your group is using.  The plan is to allocate part of the depreciation of the asset to your cost center.  The total cost will be $10,583 over a 3-year period so the cost will not be significant, but I wanted to be sure you were aware of and approved of this charge.  Please let me know.
Thanks,
Diane
X5-7996
Berney,
My coordinates:
Vince Kaminski
10 Snowbird Place
The Woodlands, TX 77381
(281) 367 5377 (h)
(713) 410 5396 (c)
vkaminski@aol.com  
Vince
Vince
I wish you and your family all the best. I has truly been my privilege to work with you and get to know you over the last several years. You and your group has taught me a lot and I feel very grateful for this.
It has been a sad ending to a phenomenal period at Enron. The one thing that no one can take from us is the experince we gained and the relationships we've made.
Good Luck and Best Wishes
Berney Aucoin
Berney, 
My last day is Jan 31. The group was disbanded on Tue. Jim Fallon told me not to do anything till I receive a formal letter from him instructing me to transfer the software. He will writwe a letter today.
Vince 
Mike,
Any thoughts?
Vince
Have you had a chance to look into this yet?
Thanks,
Diane
Mike,
Does it sound right?
Vince
Vince,
I have gotten notice from EGM that they want to charge your cost center for the use of a weather research system named Avistar that someone is your group is using.  The plan is to allocate part of the depreciation of the asset to your cost center.  The total cost will be $10,583 over a 3-year period so the cost will not be significant, but I wanted to be sure you were aware of and approved of this charge.  Please let me know.
Thanks,
Diane
X5-7996
Mike,
Does it sound right?
Vince
Vince,
I have gotten notice from EGM that they want to charge your cost center for the use of a weather research system named Avistar that someone is your group is using.  The plan is to allocate part of the depreciation of the asset to your cost center.  The total cost will be $10,583 over a 3-year period so the cost will not be significant, but I wanted to be sure you were aware of and approved of this charge.  Please let me know.
Thanks,
Diane
X5-7996
Shirley
Please send this info Michelle
Vince
Hi Vince,
I received a memo from your company regarding the new Enron address and
invoice guidelines.  Please provide your EID number to ensure proper receipt
of invoices.
Thank you,
Michelle Vasquez
Accounts Receivable Specialist
Financial Engineering Associates
2484 Shattuck Ave.
Ste 225
Berkeley, CA  94704
Tel. +1-510-548-6200
Direct. +1-510-549-8702 x103*PLEASE NOTE THE NEW EXTENSION NUMBER*
Fax +1-510-548-0332
or
Maya,
Thanks for the invitation. I shall attend.
Vince
Dear Adjunct Professors and Lecturers,
Gil Whitaker would like to invite you and a guest to a breakfast on
Wednesday, May 30, 2001.  This breakfast is to celebrate the 25th
anniversary of the first graduating class, to celebrate the end of the
school year and to allow all of you the opportunity to hear about the state
of the school.
The breakfast will be in Farnsworth Pavilion from 8-10 am.  Farnsworth
Pavilion is in the Ley Student Center.  It is the meeting room on the side
closest to the new Jones School.  It is a casual event.
Please RSVP to Maya Houston by May 25th.
Thank you,
Maya
Maya C. Houston, '99
Director of Development
Jones Graduate School of Management
Rice University
347 Herring Hall
713.348.6145
Shirley.
OK
Vince
Vince:
This is the gentleman that wants to meet with you on the 29th?
Shirley: 
As requested, herein is information regarding the meeting with Vince Kaminski The presentation on the EGE tool's applications and the Allegheny Energy case study is timed to take an hour.  If the meeting is most conveniently scheduled for Tuesday, May 29, might I request it be set for late afternoon (as my other appointments are the next day And, as Vince will recall, I was Co-Leader of the energy consulting business of PHB Hagler Bailly, and developer of the Ramp Up, Real Time, 75check and Electric Strategy tools.  Presently, I am CEO of Energy Leader Consulting (ELC).
Background
The U.S. power generation industry has become increasingly efficient in recent years.  Rapidly growing new entrants seek profit maximization aggressively.  Utilities, who still control most power plants, endeavor to adopt the entrants' methods.  Yet, inefficiency among many utilities remains widespread.
Utility inefficiency arises from adherence to decades-old habits and in unit commitment and dispatch and planned maintenance scheduling.  Many utilities, notwithstanding the industry-wide trend towards profit maximization, cling to ingrained routines.
Inefficiency can also arise from the diseconomies of small scale.  A utility may operate a relatively small system (fewer than a dozen plants).  A small system lacks portfolio diversification and perspective in its focus on its regulated customers, playing the wholesale market at the margin.
For a variety of reasons, utilities are reluctant to cut back the starts of their generating units, let alone shut down any (even temporarily or seasonally).  Economically inefficient units continue to be committed, week after week, and run in the half-load range.
EGE Objectives
EGE identifies and assesses generating units of a utility with questionable commitment routines.  Taking into account transmission and reliability factors, the procedure points towards profit opportunities that may be exploited by another industry participant.
I. An industry participant can use EGE as a basis for a medium or long-term wholesale power transaction with a utility; or to price wholesale power more aggressively, to take market share from the utility (i.e., compel changes in unit commitment habits     II. An industry participant can use EGE to spot and quantify efficiencies that would come from a merger or acquisition     III. A power plant developer can use EGE to estimate the incremental value a new plant will enjoy when the target utility's unit commitment routines inevitably become rationalized.
Specific EGE Concepts
EGE reduces and analyses the extraordinary but unwieldy continuous emission monitoring data base intelligently focusing on profit opportunities It produces indicative statistics such as:
a. the frequency distribution of starts per week;
b. the frequency distribution of starts by day/15-minute segment during the week;
c. the frequency distribution of load level;
d. the frequency distribution of hours of operation per start;
e. average heat rate and approximate fully-allocated cost in the half-load range;
f. average ramp rate from the half-load range;
g. the frequency distribution of unused connected capacity during the highest demand hours; and
h. forced-off maintenance outage rate (where indicated).
Indicative statistics are generally aggregated by month/year; in some cases, by temperature range.  (They can be by regional wholesale prices as well.)  EGE establishes if the target utility has changed unit commitment routines significantly in recent years.
EGE is based upon uniquely timely actual hourly operating data.  EGE is now updated for the 4th quarter 2000 (through December 31, 2000).  EGE 1st quarter 2000 (through March 31, 2001) will be available approximately June 15, 2001.
EGE also compares and ranks generating units' commitment and dispatch with that of similar units operated by the target utility (as well as other regional generators).  Some utilities operate a group of economically marginal units at the half-load level for lengthy time periods (without an apparent reliability basis), splitting the limited economic demand for power among the units.
Other EGE supporting data:
i. planned maintenance schedule (where indicated);
j. actual maximum generating capacity;
k. actual minimum generating capacity (actual maximums and minimums can differ significantly from government-reported values);
l. average heat rate in the full-load range; and
m. average heat rate in the three-quarter-load range.
With respect to a generating units' average heat rate in the half-load, three-quarter-load and full-load ranges, it can be instructive to rank these relative to similar generating units within a region.  It can also be of interest to identify significant seasonal variations in average heat rates and maximum capacities, and changes in recent years in these parameters.
The Real-World Example of Allegheny Energy
Allegheny Energy can serve as a case study to illustrate the application of EGE.  In the 4th quarter 2000, for instance, one high-cost generating unit was started virtually every weekday morning (52 times) and committed for the whole day (in all but two cases).  Arguably, there are power products that could substitute for this routine (in part at least) at a profit to the seller of the product and Allegheny Energy.
Another high-cost Allegheny Energy generating unit was started virtually every weekend during the autumn (nine times) and committed for most of the coming week.  At another plant, two high-cost units were operated too often in the expensive half-load range (some 550 hours) and three-quarter-load range (another 400 to 600 hours); they were seldom called upon to run at higher levels.  Again, there are power products that that address these practices and might appeal to Allegheny Energy.
Offering of Energy Leader Consulting (ELC)
EGE is a procedure, not a software package or data base.  ELC believes this format is more effective in arming clients with the information they need to act upon profit opportunities.
ELC transfers its "knowledge" about the EGE procedure and the supporting data methods in a straight-forward four-step process:
1. Enron would select one to three target utilities.
2. ELC would perform the EGE procedure on the target utilities.
3. Employing this real-world analysis as a pedagogic tool, ELC, in a one-day seminar with Enron personnel, would instruct how to perform the procedure in the future (without the assistance of ELC).
4.  Optionally, ELC would provide EGE supporting data, quarterly, to Enron.
The basic EGE supporting data set is national including all generating units under the continuous emission monitoring program (virtually all fossil fuel units).  Parameters that are incorporated, and the data set format, will be specified upon request.  Custom modifications will be considered.
Steven A. Mitnick
Chief Executive Officer
Energy Leader Consulting
4807 41st Street, NW
Washington, DC 20016
(202) 997-0924 voice
(202) 537-0906 fax
SMitnick@EnergyLeader.com
FYI
Vince
Dear Jennifer,
It was a pleasure to meet with you last week.  As part of our follow-up I
have prepared a preliminary proposal outlining DRI.WEFA's ability to provide
agriculture and fertilizer commodity data as well as freight rate
information (truck, rail and barge) in support of your fundamental analysis
at ENRON.
As I mentioned, Kemm Farney and I also met with Jeff Andrews.  We have
already forwarded on to him our Coal Monthly service, which is part of
ENRON's current services package.  We have also forwarded our forecast of
the current RCAF for coal, taken from our US Energy service (also a part of
your current package).
As discussed, the plan for follow-up is to have you and your colleagues
review this submission.  With your feedback, we will then present these
capabilities in a more detailed format that will include additional service
options.  Our current plan is to return to Houston in mid-June for this
purpose.
I have attached an Agriculture and Fertilizer Commodity Spreadsheet that
details the commodity type, forecast frequency, domestic and/or
international coverage.  I have also mapped the commodity price forecast
capability to the actual DRI.WEFA publication so that you can sample the
output.  All content is delivered electronically.  Telephone access is
always included.  Onsite presentations are available and customized white
paper reports can also be included.  Further consultative work tailored your
specific requirements can be included. Fees for these services, depending on
amount and frequency as well as customization, if any will likely fall in
the range of $10,000 to $30,000 annual. With your feedback we can better
tailor a package and establish fees.
Please review the attached spreadsheet and the accompanying attachments to
this email reviewing the DRI-WEFA Agriculture Services as well as a recent
PPT presentation. The spreadsheet refers to attachments and these will be
forwarded to you under a separate email from the head of the Agriculture
Services, Dr. Harry Baumes.
I look forward to discussing this submission with you and I'll plan to
follow-up next week to hear your comments.  Perhaps we can schedule our
presentation in Houston at that time.
As you can imagine, with the merger between WEFA and DRI many service issues
need to be finalized. We remain committed, however, to serving your
interests in a timely and professional manner.  We will therefore,
independent of this submission, review your combined WEFA/DRI services to
ensure we have the most efficient and appropriate set of services in place.
I have attached the press release announcing the merger for your review.
, Peter
Peter A. McNabb
Vice President Energy, North America
DRI-WEFA
2 Bloor St. W.
Toronto, Canada
M4W 3R1
416-513-0061 ex 227
- #1press release.doc 
- agr services intro.PPT 
- ENRON AGMKTGPIEC.doc 
- ENRONcommodities.xls 
Here is an outline of the possible scope/impacts for the EWRM effort as discussed:
Jeff,
This is a memo on Enterprise Wide Risk Management.
Vince
Cassandra,
This is an outline of the scope of the project on Enterprise Wide Risk Management.
Vince
BUSINESS HIGHLIGHTS
Enron Industrial Markets	
The Transaction Development group (TD) is responsible for corporate development, transaction execution and portfolio management activities within EIM.  TD is responsible for asset and corporate acquisitions to support EIM's efforts in the Forest Products and Steel industries.  TD works with EIM's Forest Products and Steel Origination groups to structure and execute complex transactions for EIM's customers.  TD also manages EIM's equity investments, such as EIM's ownership position in Papier Masson, Ltee, a paper mill in Quebec, Canada.
TD is comprised of approximately 20 professionals with a wide range of backgrounds including investment banking, commercial banking, management consulting, law, project development, accounting and engineering.  In addition, the majority of the analysts and associates within EIM work in TD since it provides a strong base of deal experience for junior members of our organization 
Enron Freight Markets
Enron Freight Markets has continued to expand the transportation services offered to its customers and completed several flatbed truck moves outbound from Georgia this week.  There was a shortage of flatbed equipment supply in this market and EFM was able to obtain more than three times the normal margin on each move.
IN THE NEWS
"Enron's bilateral internet trading platform, EnronOnline, was launched in November 1999 and is the largest e-commerce site on the planet based on the value of its transactions.  As EPRM went to press, it had average daily trading volume of $3.5 billion, accounting for nearly 50% of the company's revenues from wholesale marketing activities." -- Energy Power Risk Management, May 2001
WELCOME
New Hires
EIM   - Cheryl Lindeman
ENA  - Chris Bystriansky, Paula Craft, Eugene Lee, Bhalachandra Mehendale, Sarah Wooddy
Transfers (to or within)
ENA - Grace Taylor, Steven Irvin, Dina Snow
NUGGETS & NOTES
Enron is hosting the Chicago Energy Risk Management Seminar at The Drake Hotel in Chicago on June 14, 2001.  Topics include: Power Outlook, Natural Gas Outlook, Hedging Strategies, Weather Risk Management and Pulp and Paper Risk Management. The RSVP deadline is June 8th so please contact Laura Pena as soon as possible at x 3-5376.  This is a great event for "new" as well as established customers.  There will be a cocktail reception immediately after the presentations.  Enron will also be hosting seminars in Atlanta, Houston, Denver and San Francisco.  Dates to be announced soon.
Travel tip of the week:
Flights reserved through Travel Agency in the Park provide you with $150,000 of flight insurance at no additional charge.
EnronOnline Statistics
Below are the latest figures for EnronOnline as of May 29, 2001.
*	Total Life to Date Transactions >  1,015,000
*	Life to Date Notional Value of Transactions > $610 billion
NEWS FROM THE GLOBAL FLASH
Enron arranges first gas pipeline import into Italy
Enron has continued its pioneering activities in the Continental gas market by arranging the first gas import into Italy.  The Italian team worked with the Continental Gas desk to arrange this strategically important agreement with Blugas SpA., the wholesale gas company formed by the municipalities of Cremona, Lodi, Mantova and Pavia in north-eastern Italy.  Enron has sourced 100,000 cubic metres per day of natural gas from northern Europe to transport to Italy, transiting it through Germany and Switzerland, despite fierce resistance from Ruhrgas and TransitGas respectively 
Aside from isolated LNG imports by incumbent monopolies this is the first time that any company has managed to import natural gas by pipeline into Italy since the Italian gas sector was officially liberalised in August 2000. The gas, which started flowing at 06.00 on Thursday 17th May 2001, will be used to meet the needs of two thirds of Blugas' residential customers within the four municipalities. The current contract lasts for five months.
Congratulations to Fabio Greco, Carsten Haack, Didier Magne, Michael Schuh, Marco Lantieri and Daniela Uguccioni.
Enron in the Middle East 
Enron has relinquished its stake in Dolphin Energy, the joint venture company formed to develop gas reserves in Qatar.
Enron has agreed to transfer its 24.5 per cent stake in the project to the United Arab Emirates Offset Group (UOG), the majority shareholder. The agreement allows Enron to deploy capital elsewhere and gives UOG the opportunity to seek new partners before the project moves into its next phase.
Development of the Emden/Oude gas hub moves ahead fast
An important milestone in the evolution of the new gas trading hub on the Dutch-German
border was reached last week. Last Friday some of the major European gas players held a meeting to officially establish the Emden/Oude gas hub. Although Enron had already initiated the development of the Emden/Oude hub by making a market through EnronOnline as early as December 2000, the goal of this meeting was to set up a working group similar to the Zeebrugge focus group who can  work on setting a legal framework for the Emden/Oude hub. 
Enron was elected as the only new market entrant in this group, reflecting the high level of respect industry peers have for Enron as a major player in the Continental gas market -- even from incumbents!
LEGAL STUFF
The information contained in this newsletter is confidential and proprietary to Enron Corp. and its subsidiaries.  It is intended for internal use only and should not be disclosed.
Hello Rakesh and Gwen,
I am sorry that I have been out of pocket all week and did not have access to my e-mail.  I have just returned from NY and want to thank you for all of your hard work in helping us track the data.  You and your team have been extremely responsive in trying to get the information that we need.   I apologize for making numerous requests but everything that you have provided us will be useful to SSB  
SSB has been provided with some information.  They will be incorporating the information that you have provided as well as information from the traders in their board presentations.  At this stage, I believe that we have done all that we can.  If I hear something further, I will let you know on Monday.
Again, thank you very much for all of your help.
Jayshree Desai
3-3290  
Sarah, 
As I have not yet heard from Jayshree, I thought I would convey the gist of our phone conversation by e-mail 
Over the last several days, we in the research group have looked at ORACLE risk management databases and Enrononline data to corroborate the profitability numbers for power and gas trading.  Our analyses yield figures which are substantially at variance with what is normally believed to be the case.  Of course, there may well be information sources we are not privy to.  Moreover, we found some irregularities in the data which only serve to raise our doubts about the quality of the data.
As a result, we are not able to make an authoritative statement about the profitability of power and gas units. As we are not able to intepret the data ourselves, we have provided the spreadsheets so you can draw your own conclusions.  Thanks.
Rakesh Bharati 
Phone: (713) 853-0936 
Fax:     (713) 646-2503 
BUSINESS HIGHLIGHTS
Enron Industrial Markets
EIM has recently formed a Forest Products Origination team led by Rob Saltiel to pursue structured transactions.  Typically, these deals employ a combination of physical supply/offtake, price risk management and/or finance to bring value to Enron and our customers.  Priority commodities include pulp, newsprint, recycled papers, linerboard, and lumber.  Response to the new team's efforts has been positive, as many of the Forest Products companies have needs for commodity and capital solutions that are currently unavailable 
Enron Freight Markets
During its first month in the over-the-road (OTR) trucking business, Enron Freight Markets has completed over 120 spot OTR trades.  On Friday, March 18, there was a shortage in the Houston outbound market and capacity was selling for $1.65 per mile.  By comparison, average market price has stayed in the $1.05-$1.10 per mile range in recent weeks.
EnronOnline
On May 23, Enron Corp. announced that it completed its one-millionth transaction on EnronOnline, the world's largest web-based e-commerce platform for commodities. As an online extension of its successful wholesale energy business, EnronOnline began transacting natural gas and electricity on November 29, 1999.  Since that time, the company has extended the platform to approximately 1500 wholesale commodity products ranging from energy-related commodities to bandwidth, metals, forest products, plastics, petrochemicals, and weather and credit derivatives.
Approximately 60 percent of all Enron transactions are now conducted online, and the cost of processing the transactions has been reduced by 75 percent. 
EnronOnline Statistics
Below are the latest figures for EnronOnline as of May 23, 2001
?		Total Life to Date Transactions   > 1 million
?	Life to Date Notional Value of Transactions   > $600 billion
IN THE NEWS
Enron Corp. Chief Executive Officer Jeff Skilling likes to say that the nation's leading energy merchant was ready for the Internet long before there was anything.com. Enron's business of buying and selling commodities - by phone or fax - was a natural fit for the Web. The challenge now is to get the new broadband Internet trading unit on solid footing by proving that bandwidth can be traded like a commodity. BusinessWeek e.biz/May 14,2001.
WELCOME
New Hires
EGM - Gregory Sharp, David Cho
EIM - Rosie Carrizal-Moulinet, Thomas Mathieu
ENA - John Poppa, Brandy Powell 
Transfers (to or within)
EGM - Rhonna Palmer
NUGGETS & NOTES
Travel tips of the week: 
1)	Fly Coach.  Elite members of frequent flyer programs are often upgraded to first class at no additional charge.
2)	Consider Alternate Airports. If you live within driving distance of two or more airports, examine fares for each airport carefully.  Sometimes special fares are offered for flights into specific airports.
LEGAL STUFF
The information contained in this newsletter is confidential and proprietary to Enron Corp. and its subsidiaries.  It is intended for internal use only and should not be disclosed.
Vince,
I attached the data sets used to generate the results we discussed this morning.  The original MTM's were multiplied by -1 prior to generating these quantiles.  We then examine the right tail.
Mark
Bjorn,
I don't think the scope of the project is really that big. When we looked
into it, it seemed like a relatively minor issue. 
To me, it's  really a matter of routine maintenance that should not be
an equivalent of a Desert Storm operation.
Zimin and I will call Slava on Tuesday and determine what has to be done.
Vince
Vince:
We had discussed this briefly before I went on vacation. What did you want to do with this?
Bj?rn Hagelmann
Director
Rac - Market Risk Management
E-Mail: bjorn.hagelmann@
Office:  + 1 713 345 7984
Mobil:   + 1 713 302 5279
Hi Bjorn,
some time ago we, you, Stinson and I, had a meeting in Houston regarding having the same versions for Houston and London.
We agreed that you would talk to Ted Murphy to get his support for this project. I know that Ted did not come to Houston at the time he planned and therefore you were not able to talk to him (you were on holidays when he came to Houston).
This project is really big (several man month work) and we cannot do this without Ted's support. You know that requests from RAC are always taken very seriously.
Please, could you talk to Ted to get his support.
many thanks,
Slava
Scott,
Please, take a look at it. 
You may find it useful.
Vince
Vince,
Enclosed is information on textual mining and expert systems I spoke to you about in the lobby 
EDS is currently providing commercial applications using experts systems and textual mining to derive value for our customers.  The presentation below has two examples of current applications.  It seems to me that there a multiple applications for this type of program within Enron which would have short payback periods.
Please let me know if you wish to investigate further.
Cheers,
Jim Kolodgie
EDS Client Executive - Enron
1400 Smith St
EB 4072
Houston, Texas 77002
w (713) 853-1635
c (832) 656-6777
jim.kolodgie@eds.com
Vince,
Enclosed is information on textual mining and expert systems I spoke to you about in the lobby 
EDS is currently providing commercial applications using experts systems and textual mining to derive value for our customers.  The presentation below has two examples of current applications.  It seems to me that there a multiple applications for this type of program within Enron which would have short payback periods.
Please let me know if you wish to investigate further.
Cheers,
Jim Kolodgie
EDS Client Executive - Enron
1400 Smith St
EB 4072
Houston, Texas 77002
w (713) 853-1635
c (832) 656-6777
jim.kolodgie@eds.com
Anita
No problem. I hope the results are OK.
Vince
I have my 6 month eye appointment on Monday, June 25, 2001, at 1:30 PM.  I have to go in every 6 months because of my diabetes.  It will take most of the afternoon because they will have to dilate my eyes and possibly do a Field of Vision test.   Let me know if this is OK.  Thanks.  Anita 
Pavel,
713 410 5396 (cell)
281 367 5377 (home)
vkaminski@aol.com
Vince
Sure, Vince. Let me call you sometime this week since I don't know exactly what my schedule is going to be like.
Pavel,
Let's meet for drinks before you head for the Big Apple.
Vince
Dear Vince and Stinson,
Today I announced my resignation from Enron. It's been very interesting and exciting 5 years and I enjoyed working with you. But for various reasons I decided that I need a fresh start in a new place. So I am moving to New York to trade crude oil financial derivatives for HETCO. I may stick around for a couple of weeks to finish up some stuff, the management should tell me today what they want. But if I leave today and cannot stop by to say good bye, then good luck to you and thanks for giving me the opportunity to work at Enron. I can be reached at pzadoro@yahoo.com.
Pavel
Dear Vince and Stinson,
Today I announced my resignation from Enron. It's been very interesting and exciting 5 years and I enjoyed working with you. But for various reasons I decided that I need a fresh start in a new place. So I am moving to New York to trade crude oil financial derivatives for HETCO. I may stick around for a couple of weeks to finish up some stuff, the management should tell me today what they want. But if I leave today and cannot stop by to say good bye, then good luck to you and thanks for giving me the opportunity to work at Enron. I can be reached at pzadoro@yahoo.com.
Pavel
Bob,
I am writing to you to confirm my voice-mail message regarding the SEC deposition.
I decided that I don't really  need a counsel to assist me at my deposition before
the Commission. I may retain a lawyer of my own choice to give me general 
advice about the procedures and I shall send you the bill for reimbursement
of expenses. 
My decision should not be interpreted as a statement about Mr. Levy's qualifications.
I found him to be an exceptionally competent lawyer. My only regret is that I shall not be given
an opportunity to spend more time with him and learn from his experience. 
You may recall that  I have indicated to you a few weeks ago that my intention was to waive my
right to a counsel.  This was before I had the pleasure to meet Mr. Levy in person. 
I am sending you the copy of my fax to the SEC as an attachment to a separate message.
Vince
Zimin,
Did I send it to you before?
Vince
05/14/2001
Dear Vince Kaminski,
This is to inform you of the release of @Energy2.1. FTP download
instructions are available immediately. The download instructions are
included at the end of this email.    Please see below for more information
regarding this new release..
FEA is pleased to enclose your new version of @ENERGY/ErgLib. The
accompanying documentation contains installation and other information.
Here is an overview of the new and changed features since Version 2.0.
@ENERGY (Forward Curve) No change.
@ENERGY (Basics) A control variate methodology Hull (1997) has been
implemented for valuation of American options (OPT), Black and
Mean-reverting models. It greatly improves accuracy at minimal cost in
speed. All models now supports new scalar risk measures corresponding to
parallel displacement delta, hedge, and gamma.  Average price/strike options
now support an alternative way of computing theta. The definition of Gamma
curves has been modified for all models.
@ENERGY (Advanced) A faster and more accurate methodology is used to value
spread options. Models affected are SPREADOPT, STRIPSPREADOPT, OPTSPREADOPT,
OPTSTRIPSPREADOPT. The new methodology dramatically improves speed. All
models now supports new scalar risk measures corresponding to parallel
displacement delta, hedge, and gamma.  Average price/strike options now
support an alternative way of computing theta. The definition of Gamma
curves has been modified for all models.
@ENERGY (Swing) The definition of Gamma curves has been modified for all
models.
@ENERGY (Weather) No change.
See the file fea\energy\ergnote.txt in your distribution for a list of bug
fixes.
Here is an overview of the new and changed features since Version 1.6.
@ENERGY (Forward Curve)
Jump parameters are now calibrated for use in other @ENERGY functions.
Inputs and outputs to POWERCALIB and COMCALIB have changed. See the
corresponding function syntax in the User Guide for additional information.
35-40% speed improvement. The module is now out of beta.
@ENERGY (Basics)
Different interpolation schemes on forward prices are now supported. If you
use INDEXSWAP , EXOTICSWAP, or OPTINDEXSWAP with floating price linked to a
series of futures dates, such futures dates need not be close to dates
specified in the forward curve input.  A new utility function, PATHUTIL,
allows you  to simulate and visualize price paths consistent with the models
supported by @ENERGY. 25-30% speed improvement.
@ENERGY (Advanced)
Different interpolation schemes on forward prices are now supported. If you
use OPTDIFFSWAP or DIFFSWAP  with floating price linked to a series of
futures dates, such futures dates need not be close to dates specified in
the forward curve input. CALSPREADOPT now allows for the specification of
two different mean reversion rates. 30-35% speed improvement.
@ENERGY (Swing)
SWINGOPT and STRIPSWINGOPT now allow for valuation of swing straddle
contracts with overall load constraints. 65-70% speed improvement. The
module is now out of beta.
@ENERGY (Weather)
30-35% speed improvement.
See the file fea\energy\ergnote.txt in your distribution for a list of bug
fixes.
If you are a user of the ErgLib library, please be aware of possible
backward compatibility issues in calls to Eapo, Easo, Espreadapo,
Espreadaso, and Ecrackapo.  See fea\energy\ergnote.txt for additional
details.
Here is an overview of the new and changed features since Version 1.5.
@ENERGY (Basics)
European options  and strips of European options now support valuation via a
jump diffusion model (see OPT and STRIPOPT functions). Average price options
(see the APO, SPREADAPO, CRACKAPO functions), and average strike options
(see the ASO, SPREADASO functions) now allow for a direct input of the
fixing dates.
@ENERGY (Advanced)
Includes two new functions, OPTSTRIPOPT and OPTSTRIPSPREADOPT for valuation
of complex compound options.
If you are a user of the ErgLib library, please be aware of backward
compatibility issues in calls to Eapo, Easo, Espreadapo, Espreadaso, and
Ecrackapo.  See fea\energy\ergnote.txt for additional details.
Here is an overview of the new and changed features since Version 1.4.
@ENERGY (Forward Curve)
@ENERGY (Forward Curve) is the new module which includes functions designed
to generate forward curves, volatility curves and mean reversion rates used
in many other @ENERGY functions. Module in beta release.
@ENERGY (Basics)
APO's and ASO's: bug fixed when avg_starts < opt_expiry, and num_fixings=1.
@ENERGY (Advanced)
No change.
@ENERGY (Weather)
Additional ways of formatting the temperature data are now provided.
@ENERGY (Swing)
Pay_at_end with strips: previously implemented was pay at end of  all
periods. Now implemented is pay at end of each subperiod. . Module still in
beta release.
Bug fixes:
1)	if max_const=min_const and max_const in not a multiple of the maximum
daily amount (in previous version min_const was disregarded in this case).
2)	in strip with global constraints: if allowed number of swings per period
changes (currently this can only be due to calendar effects).
3)	strip at index: index was incorrectly evaluated after first sub_period.
New Excel Templates
The following Excel workbooks and worksheets have been added:
powercalib.xls	examples of generating @ENERGY parameters for power.
Add-in Manager
Now supports function help. If template is open with the Add-in manager and
function help is requested through the manager, the relevant portion of the
documentation get displayed.
Your input into the refinement of this product is welcome and greatly
appreciated. Any comments or suggestions may be sent to support@fea.com
To download @ENERGY via FTP, follow these instructions:
NOTE: Using EXPLORER leads to unpredictable results, so we suggest using
NETSCAPE or a DOS shell.
USING NETSCAPE:
In the Location box type: ftp://energy@ftp.fea.com
Password: ect9sq5h
energy-2.1-win32.exe is for Excel 7, 97SR1 or 2000;
for Windows 95/96/2000/NT/ME;
download and run on a local drive.
USING A DOS SHELL:
At a DOS prompt type: ftp ftp.fea.com
User: energy
Password:  ect9sq5h
Type "binary" and hit 'return'.
Type "ls" for a list of available files.
Type "get" energy-2.1-win32.exe and and wait for the ftp> prompt.
Type "quit".
The file will be downloaded into the directory at which you entered the ftp
site.
Double click on the exe and follow the instructions on the screen.
There is also a readme file which contains installation instructions.
You may wish to print this out for easy reference.
N.B.:  The password is only valid until the first Friday of next month.
If you have any questions please feel free to contact us. We appreciate this
05/14/2001
Dear Vince Kaminski,
This is to inform you of the release of @Energy2.1. FTP download
instructions are available immediately. The download instructions are
included at the end of this email.    Please see below for more information
regarding this new release..
FEA is pleased to enclose your new version of @ENERGY/ErgLib. The
accompanying documentation contains installation and other information.
Here is an overview of the new and changed features since Version 2.0.
@ENERGY (Forward Curve) No change.
@ENERGY (Basics) A control variate methodology Hull (1997) has been
implemented for valuation of American options (OPT), Black and
Mean-reverting models. It greatly improves accuracy at minimal cost in
speed. All models now supports new scalar risk measures corresponding to
parallel displacement delta, hedge, and gamma.  Average price/strike options
now support an alternative way of computing theta. The definition of Gamma
curves has been modified for all models.
@ENERGY (Advanced) A faster and more accurate methodology is used to value
spread options. Models affected are SPREADOPT, STRIPSPREADOPT, OPTSPREADOPT,
OPTSTRIPSPREADOPT. The new methodology dramatically improves speed. All
models now supports new scalar risk measures corresponding to parallel
displacement delta, hedge, and gamma.  Average price/strike options now
support an alternative way of computing theta. The definition of Gamma
curves has been modified for all models.
@ENERGY (Swing) The definition of Gamma curves has been modified for all
models.
@ENERGY (Weather) No change.
See the file fea\energy\ergnote.txt in your distribution for a list of bug
fixes.
Here is an overview of the new and changed features since Version 1.6.
@ENERGY (Forward Curve)
Jump parameters are now calibrated for use in other @ENERGY functions.
Inputs and outputs to POWERCALIB and COMCALIB have changed. See the
corresponding function syntax in the User Guide for additional information.
35-40% speed improvement. The module is now out of beta.
@ENERGY (Basics)
Different interpolation schemes on forward prices are now supported. If you
use INDEXSWAP , EXOTICSWAP, or OPTINDEXSWAP with floating price linked to a
series of futures dates, such futures dates need not be close to dates
specified in the forward curve input.  A new utility function, PATHUTIL,
allows you  to simulate and visualize price paths consistent with the models
supported by @ENERGY. 25-30% speed improvement.
@ENERGY (Advanced)
Different interpolation schemes on forward prices are now supported. If you
use OPTDIFFSWAP or DIFFSWAP  with floating price linked to a series of
futures dates, such futures dates need not be close to dates specified in
the forward curve input. CALSPREADOPT now allows for the specification of
two different mean reversion rates. 30-35% speed improvement.
@ENERGY (Swing)
SWINGOPT and STRIPSWINGOPT now allow for valuation of swing straddle
contracts with overall load constraints. 65-70% speed improvement. The
module is now out of beta.
@ENERGY (Weather)
30-35% speed improvement.
See the file fea\energy\ergnote.txt in your distribution for a list of bug
fixes.
If you are a user of the ErgLib library, please be aware of possible
backward compatibility issues in calls to Eapo, Easo, Espreadapo,
Espreadaso, and Ecrackapo.  See fea\energy\ergnote.txt for additional
details.
Here is an overview of the new and changed features since Version 1.5.
@ENERGY (Basics)
European options  and strips of European options now support valuation via a
jump diffusion model (see OPT and STRIPOPT functions). Average price options
(see the APO, SPREADAPO, CRACKAPO functions), and average strike options
(see the ASO, SPREADASO functions) now allow for a direct input of the
fixing dates.
@ENERGY (Advanced)
Includes two new functions, OPTSTRIPOPT and OPTSTRIPSPREADOPT for valuation
of complex compound options.
If you are a user of the ErgLib library, please be aware of backward
compatibility issues in calls to Eapo, Easo, Espreadapo, Espreadaso, and
Ecrackapo.  See fea\energy\ergnote.txt for additional details.
Here is an overview of the new and changed features since Version 1.4.
@ENERGY (Forward Curve)
@ENERGY (Forward Curve) is the new module which includes functions designed
to generate forward curves, volatility curves and mean reversion rates used
in many other @ENERGY functions. Module in beta release.
@ENERGY (Basics)
APO's and ASO's: bug fixed when avg_starts < opt_expiry, and num_fixings=1.
@ENERGY (Advanced)
No change.
@ENERGY (Weather)
Additional ways of formatting the temperature data are now provided.
@ENERGY (Swing)
Pay_at_end with strips: previously implemented was pay at end of  all
periods. Now implemented is pay at end of each subperiod. . Module still in
beta release.
Bug fixes:
1)	if max_const=min_const and max_const in not a multiple of the maximum
daily amount (in previous version min_const was disregarded in this case).
2)	in strip with global constraints: if allowed number of swings per period
changes (currently this can only be due to calendar effects).
3)	strip at index: index was incorrectly evaluated after first sub_period.
New Excel Templates
The following Excel workbooks and worksheets have been added:
powercalib.xls	examples of generating @ENERGY parameters for power.
Add-in Manager
Now supports function help. If template is open with the Add-in manager and
function help is requested through the manager, the relevant portion of the
documentation get displayed.
Your input into the refinement of this product is welcome and greatly
appreciated. Any comments or suggestions may be sent to support@fea.com
To download @ENERGY via FTP, follow these instructions:
NOTE: Using EXPLORER leads to unpredictable results, so we suggest using
NETSCAPE or a DOS shell.
USING NETSCAPE:
In the Location box type: ftp://energy@ftp.fea.com
Password: ect9sq5h
energy-2.1-win32.exe is for Excel 7, 97SR1 or 2000;
for Windows 95/96/2000/NT/ME;
download and run on a local drive.
USING A DOS SHELL:
At a DOS prompt type: ftp ftp.fea.com
User: energy
Password:  ect9sq5h
Type "binary" and hit 'return'.
Type "ls" for a list of available files.
Type "get" energy-2.1-win32.exe and and wait for the ftp> prompt.
Type "quit".
The file will be downloaded into the directory at which you entered the ftp
site.
Double click on the exe and follow the instructions on the screen.
There is also a readme file which contains installation instructions.
You may wish to print this out for easy reference.
N.B.:  The password is only valid until the first Friday of next month.
If you have any questions please feel free to contact us. We appreciate this
Anurag,
I forwarded the resume to London but I have not heard from
them. I shall be in London late in June and I shall bring it up
in person with the IT people.
Vince
Vince,
I  wanted to follow up with you concerning our earlier exchange regarding my  brother Vikas Saksena. Have you had a chance to speak to your IT folks? I will  be meeting with Vikas in London by the end of this month and will get a chance  to talk to him in more detail. May I ask him to call you directly. For your  reference his phone number in London is 44 208 343 3298.
Thanks
Anurag
(952)  857 6133 ( work)
(952)  943 8501 ( home)
Hi Joe,
No luck yet. I could not find the issue
you are looking for.
We are reorganizing our group library
and all magazines are in one big pile.
I should know  by Friday if we still have it.
Vince
Vince:
I know how busy you are but I was wondering if you had any luck in
finding the 1996 Risk Magazine Article we discussed.  Thanks.
Joseph T. Pokalsky
Energy Vertical Analysis, LLC
Office:  404-350-8562
Cell:     404-456-5173
Fax:      413-691-5614
Jennifer,
The materials were very useful and helped me to present better the position of Enron on  the
issue. There were some very interesting materials presented at the conference
and I shall get the copies to you.
Vince
P.S. Shirley, Please remind me about it.
Vince:
I work in Government Affairs and pulled together the California briefing materials you requested last week.
I would like to follow-up to see if the materials we provided you were useful.  Is there anything else you need? Was anything missing that you suggest we provide to others within Enron in the future who come to us with similar requests? 
Finally, I understand that you wanted to look over these materials in preparation for a meeting this week.  If you come across other "California solutions" documents presented by other parties, I would appreciate if you could forward a copy to me (EB4731 a).
Thank you for any feedback you can provide.
Jennifer
5-3550
Vince Kaminski
Enron Corp.
1400 Smith
Houston, TX  77381
(713) 853 3848
Dear Colleague,
GasTrader would like to offer you a COMPLIMENTARY trial subscription to GasTrader Newsletter - the only natural gas industry publication that deals with today's critical issue of where natural gas prices are headed, and not where they have been.
GasTrader features weekly analysis and commentary from the industry's leading forecasters, observers, and traders.
GasTrader brings you short and long term weather predictions, useful for planning load and power requirements, as well as price trends, market outlook, and economic analysis.
In addition GasTrader in its' Market Outlook section brings you no-nonsense trading recommendations for the wild and volatile natural gas futures. A key feature for those doing deals tied to the Nymex futures contract.
Check out GasTrader's market recommendations from long time Commodity Trading Advisor and analyst Bill Burson. See if those recommendations help you do better deals and expand the razor thin margins so prevalent today in natural gas marketing.
If you would like to receive your FIVE WEEK COMPLIMENTARY SUBSCRIPTION to GasTrader, please reply to this e-mail and include your name, company, address and phone number. The publication will be delivered by e-mail usually late Friday afternoon giving you plenty of time to formulate your trading strategy for Monday.
We're currently offering a special discount, over 15%  for an annual subscription to those who subscribe by June 1. After the end of five weeks, if you don't want to continue with the subscription, you owe nothing.
I hope to hear from you soon.
Sincerely,
Bill Burson,
Editor
P.S. Please visit our website for more information at www.gastrader.net
__________________________________________
If you would prefer not to receive further messages from this sender.
1. Click on INFO below (3)
2. Replace the subject field with the word REMOVE
3. gastrader0312@cs.com
4. Click the SEND button
=20
Wednesday, June 06, 2001 DPC lenders' Singapore meet inconclusive
The above article also appeared in the following newspaper:
=20
Wednesday, June 06, 2001 FIs meet on Enron remains inconclusive=20
The above article also appeared in the following newspaper:
=20
Wednesday, June 06, 2001 DPC lenders to meet again today=20
The foreign lenders were expected to be updated by their Indian counterparts about developments like DPC's preliminary termination notice to MSEB, which in retaliation rescinded the PPA and stopped drawing power from the multinational from May 29. The Indian lenders would press for completion of the $3-billion project, as DPC has stopped commercial production and doubts are being expressed for commissioning of its 1,444-mw phase-II, due on Thursday. The Indian team is led by Industrial Development Bank of India executive director R S Agarwal, who is also DPC board member, along with representatives of State Bank of India and ICICI. The foreign lenders include a consortium led by ABN-Amro, Citibank NA, Japan Exim Bank and Opic. (PTI)
The first day of the crucial meeting between the Indian and international lenders in Singapore has opened on a positive note with the foreign lenders showing signs of giving more time to Indian government to resolve the problem.=20
Foreign lenders are enthused by the fact that the Centre is ready to give incentives to the project so that DPC can reduce its tariff. The Centre' package include cutting interest rate on the project, and asking the Central Electricity Authority (CEA) to work out a contingency plan for sale of power to other States from the Dabhol power project.''The international lenders are ready to give some more time to find out a solution. Lenders will take the maximum hit if the Enron pulls the plug into the project,'' FI sources said. Hence, the rethinking among the international lenders. The Centre's package, to be ready in another two months, would also lower the customs duty on imported LNG which would further help the company to lower the tariff.
Enron India managing director K Wade Cline and DPC president Neil McGregor are likely to participate in the second day of the meeting on Wednesday to present their side of the story. Tuesday's meeting, which went on for over an hour, discussed the on-going financial and legal disputes between DPC and its partner Maharashtra State Electricity Board (MSEB).At the meet, the lenders have come together to try and diffuse escalated tension and unite the two warring partners, DPC and MSEB, say FI sources.=20
While loans from international FIs enjoy the Indian government guarantee, it would be Indian FIs which will have to take the maximum hit if the project gets derailed. On Tuesday, the foreign lenders were updated by the Indian counterparts over series of events like DPC's Preliminary Termination Notice to MSEB, which in retaliation rescinded the PPA and stopped drawing power from the multinational from May 29. The Indian team is led by Industrial Development Bank of India (IDBI) executive director R S Agarwal, who is also DPC board member, along with representatives of State Bank of India and ICICI. The foreign lenders include a consortium led by ABN-Amro, Citibank NA, Japan Exim bank and OPIC.=20
Sanjay Jog=20
The Central Electricity Authority (CEA) has launched an exercise to assess the viability of despatch of Dabhol power to various power deficit states across the country, announced the Union minister of state for power Jayavantiben on Tuesday. Mehta said that the CEA, which has been asked to undertake this exercise recently, will take into account the burden to be borne by various power deficit states during the despatch of power. Currently, if the power has to be transported from eastern grid to western grid, there is certain fixed charge imposed on it. "The CEA will have to carry out this exercise at length so that the exact picture will emerge whether or not the Dabhol power despatch is viable and whether the states are keen to purchase that power," the minister added. Mehta said that the centre will not purchase Dabhol power as its undertakings cannot take the additional burden on them. She informed that the union finance ministry in no uncertain terms made it clear that the centre cannot purchase Dabhol power and sell it at cheaper rate to the states especially when these states owe over Rs 30,000 crore to various central public sector undertakings. Mehta said that prime minister AB Vajpayee who has been apprised him of the present situation on the Dabhol front has assured to provide necessary assistance especially technical one to resolve the issue.
THE two-day talks to resolve Dabhol tangle opened on a positive note in Singapore on Tuesday.Sources in Indian financial institutions (IFIs) told The Financial Express that the IFIs comprising representatives of IDBI, ICICI, State Bank of India (SBI) met to chalk out their strategy at the two-day meeting with offshore lenders and Enron officials. The Indian team was lead by Mr RS Agarwal, IDBI executive director, along with the other officials from other lending institutions including those from the SBI and ICICI.Apparently, the IFIs, on Tuesday revived their efforts to convince DPC's offshore lenders to maintain "restraint" to save the Dabhol project. The meeting between the IFIs and their foreign counterparts remained inconclussive on Tuesday. The foreign lenders are expected to take a clear stand on Wednesday.
Interestingly, the meeting is expected to be participated by members of the DPC on the second day, said financial institutions sources. The sources said, Enron India managing director K Wade Cline and DPC president Neil McGregor are likely to participate in the second day of the meeting. The meeting was also attended by a consortium led by ABN-Amro, Citibank NA, Japan Exim Bank and OPIC. According to sources in IDBI: "The foreign lenders have given us a patient hearing to our views suggesting that they should not precipitate the crisis by any of their further moves." The sources said the IFIs are determined to take up the issue of completion of the Dabhol phase-II in view of 90 per cent of its completion. "The IDBI has recieved a mandate from the government that an all-out effort be made to save the Dabhol project," the sources added.
The offshore lenders are believed to have sought various details with reference to the payment guarantees from the Maharashtra State Electricity Board (MSEB) as well as fulfilment of contractual obligations in the wake of revoking of the power purchase agreement. The IFIs are likely to press for the revocation of suspension of loan disbursement by offshore lenders so that phase-II be completed. The offshore lenders had suspended loan disbursement after the DPC board meeting of London on April 25.=20
THE Dabhol Power Company (DPC) has accepted the Finance Ministry's proposal for a two months' extension for the conciliation process. The extension will be effective from June 7. This development is perceived by the Government as a positive signal as it offers more leeway to work out a solution to resolve the Dabhol crisis. DPC's nod for an extension, which was communicated to the Finance Secretary on Monday, is subject to the Government acceding to the company's stand on the ongoing arbitration proceedings. The company has said that it would continue to pursue the arbitration proceedings which have already been initiated by the company, according to senior Ministry officials. Under the power purchase agreement (PPA), conciliation and arbitration are two methods under the contract to resolve disputes between the two parties. Normally, arbitration is resorted to only after conciliation fails. However, in this case, DPC has dragged MSEB to the arbitration forum even as the conciliation process is being pursued.=20
DPC has already slapped three arbitration notices on the Maharashtra State Electricity Board (MSEB). The first notice was issued to the board for its failure to honour the December 2000 bill of Rs 102 crore and the January 2001 bill of Rs 111.6 crore while two other notices were for failures to honour the Maharashtra Government's State support agreement and the supplementary State support agreement. The conciliation process was adopted in the wake of the dispute arising over the settlement of DPC's December bills of Rs 102 crore, followed by the MSEB's counter claim of Rs 400 crore for the same period.=20
The conciliation process was agreed upon on April 7 and was to be concluded in two months. However, simultaneously, arbitration proceedings were triggered between DPC and MSEB. With the conciliation process making little headway, the Finance Ministry sought an additional two months time for concluding the process. Prior to that, the Attorney General's interpretation of the MSEB-DPC contract was that the payment could be made to DPC only if the bill was undisputed. Hence, the Centre decided to opt for the conciliation process.=20
During recent meetings between the Government and the DPC officials, the latter had pointed out that if the Government was able to work out a package in six months, it would withdraw its termination notice and reamin in the project for up to a year. The Finance Ministry officials feel that the Centre has been dragged into the DPC controversy well beyond its contractual obligation. ``The Centre's involvement in DPC-MSEB issue is restricted to the first phase. The fate of the second phase is entirely a matter between the MSEB and DPC,''they said.=20
Analysts feel that the Power Minister, Mr Suresh Prabhu's words of hope to defuse the Dabhol crisis are not grounded in reality. ``The Centre is totting sale of Dabhol power to third-party as a key solution. However, first, under the existing electricity laws, the Centre cannot authorise third-party sale since it is in the State's domain. Secondly, since it is a purely commercial decision, the Central Electricity Authority's (CEA) intervention does not offer any significant breakthrough.'' Recently, the Power Ministry had instructed the CEA to survey the demand requirement of neighbouring States over the next two years as well as their purchase price.=20
EVEN as officials from various financial institutions and banks split hairs in Singapore on whether to sink or sail with the Dabhol power project, the Maharashtra State Electricity Board (MSEB) is cool about the entire affair. Unlike previous instances when the odds were stacked against it, this time MSEB knows pretty well that whatever happens, it will remain unscathed. If someone has to take a hit, it has to be the financiers and maybe the Governments.At the hearing before the Maharashtra Electricity Regulatory Authority (MERC), the Advocate-General, Mr Goolam Vahanvati, had said on behalf of the board that MSEB was being kind towards Enron when it rescinded the contract for ``material misrepresentation''. One more step, and it's fraud, he had told MERC.=20
Knowing this fully well, MSEB has kept its cool throughout the altercation. It firmly believes that if nothing else, it can pin down the company on just this one point at any forum. Enron too has not said at any point of time that it can actually perform as per the ``cold-start graph'' in the power purchase agreement. In fact, it has said such performance -- making available full power in 180 minutes -- is ``not possible'' by any such plant in the world. In a way, it was MSEB's defiant posturing coupled with the Maharashtra Government's passing the buck up that got the Central Government to act.=20
One thing evident throughout the crisis is that all the players are trying to save their own skin. In spite of the developments, Enron has played its cards close to its chest, and hinted to institutions at taking a hit on its returns only a few days ago. Even that, Mr Wade Cline, Managing Director, Enron India Pvt Ltd, is reported to have told Indian lenders, would hinge on substantial give and take. Indian lenders have a genuine case in that they are the ones without any assurances apart from the plant itself. And, they are not in the business of running power plants. They cannot do much except try get the players to somehow shake hands. They had tried to convince the Government some time ago to get MSEB to activate the escrow and increase the letter of credit amount. But they were told off by MSEB which was in no mood to relent. Today's meeting in Singapore remained inconclusive and the talks will continue tomorrow. Tomorrow, Enron will make presentations to lenders at Singapore on what it feels can be done to move ahead. Whatever the outcome of the meeting, MSEB is unlikely to agree to anything that might queer its pitch.=20
THE Central Electricity Authority (CEA) has launched an exercise to assess the viability of the despatch of Dabhol power to various power deficit states across the country, Union  minister of state for power Jayavantiben Mehta on Tuesday. Ms Mehta told The Financial Express that the CEA, which has been asked to undertake this exercise recently, will take into account the burden to be borne by various power deficit states during the despatch of power. Currently, if the power has to be transported from eastern grid to western grid, there is a certain fixed charge imposed on it. "The CEA will have to carry out this exercise at length so that the exact picture will emerge whether or not the Dabhol power despatch is viable and whether the states are keen to purchase that power," the minister added. Ms Mehta said that the Centre will not purchase Dabhol power as its undertakings cannot take the additional burden on them.=20
She informed that the Union finance ministry had in no uncertain terms made it clear that the Centre cannot purchase Dabhol power and sell it at cheaper rate to the states, especially when these states owe over Rs 30,000 crore to various Central public sector undertakings. Ms Mehta said that Prime Minister Atal Behari Vajpayee, who has been apprised of the present situation on the Dabhol front, has assured that he would provide necessary assistance, especially technical, to resolve the issue. "The Centre is quite eager for the resolution of issue and will provide necessary cooperation," she added.
Ms Mehta said that she had a meeting with the representatives of the Bank of America and ABN Amro before they left for the Singapore meeting. "These lenders explained their position and the amount involved in the Dabhol plant. However, they also expressed their wish to participate in finding an acceptable wayout," she added.
Uttar Pradesh, Delhi and Gujarat are moving ahead with implementing reforms in the power sector, even as the reforms in Maharashtra have come to a standstill due to the Dabhol fiasco. Maharashtra was one of the first states to initiate steps for reforms phase-II, by appointing a state regulatory commission and going in for unbundling MSEB. Uttar Pradesh State Electricity Board and Delhi Vidyut Board are finalising plans to privatise transmission and distribution, while Gujarat is planning to set up one more power project with private sector participation.=20
According to State Bank of India Capital Markets officials, UPSEB is going to float a new tender, inviting private sector players for power supply in Kanpur region. Due to employees' protests against the privatisation, the state electricity board had cancelled its earlier tender floated in 2000.  SBI Caps had also short-listed four companies: L&T, CESC, BSES and Tata Power for transmission and distribution in Kanpur. The officials said: "UPSEB will come out with a new tariff order for Kanpur by this week end and a new tender will be floated by month-end. We would undertake the short-listing process by mid-July."They said that besides this, the UP State Industrial Development Corporation is also setting up a 30 MW captive power project for the newly-developed industrial park, Tronica City, in the state. Total cost of the project is estimated at Rs 100 crores and BHEL is the equipment supplier for the project.
SBI Caps short-listed six private players for supplying power in three regions Tata Power, BSES, Reliance Power, China Light&Power, AES, the AV Birla Group and CESC. Two months back, the Delhi government had cleared State Bank of India Caps' proposal for the unbundling of DVB by dividing the board into five separate units. The proposal envisaged three transmission and distribution companies and two generation companies. DVB makes losses to the tune of Rs 1 crore per day. Officials said the Gujarat, on the other hand, is focussed more on generation and the state electricity board recently proposed a 500 MW project in Mundra and invited a proposal from the private sector.
The project will use imported coal as fuel and the state will keep a minimum equity in it. There are two independent power projects in Gujarat: the Reliance-promoted, 500 MW, naphtha-based Hazira project and the 500 MW, gas-based project promoted by Gujarat Power Corporation. According to the officials, the unbundling of Gujarat SEB has failed to take off because the state government has not yet appointed any merchant banker for it. The government initiated the state electricity board unbundling around two years back.
Nita,
Please, forward this msg to the group ASAP.
Change in the PBS schedule for tonight.
Very interesting.
Vince
Vince, I enjoyed our conversation this afternoon.
I came back to my desk to read this story in the clips -- it says the Frontline show is airing tonight.
I'll dig up TVA for you,
Jeannie
Shirley,
Please, read.
Vince
David C. Walkup
Sr. Financial Advisor
713-658-1685
800-456-9712
CAUTION: Electronic mail sent through the Internet is not secure and could
be intercepted by a third party.  For your protection, avoid sending
identifying information, such as account, Social Security or card numbers to
us or others.  Further, do not send time-sensitive, action-oriented
messages, such as transaction orders, fund transfer instructions, or check
stop payments, as it is our policy not to accept such items electronically.
Vince -
Here is the Java job description.  The other is similar, but for a more
experience SE.
Bill
FYI
Vince
Vince -
Here is the Java job description.  The other is similar, but for a more
experience SE.
Bill
Hi Christie,
Thanks. He is graduating on June 16.
By the way, did you see some of the movies I recommended
to you?
Vince
Thanks Vince!   I'm out of town but will check with Mark.
Hope all is well with you!  Did your son graduate 
Take care!
--Best!
--Christie.
Christie,
I sent this resume to Mark Palmer.
Any other thoughts where he might fit?
He is a very good friend of mine.
Vince
- Mar Comm Dir 2001.doc  
Susanne,
Thanks a lot for the answer to my question.
I shall work with the numbers at home tonight. 
Congratulations to you and your colleagues on
a great paper and exciting work in the risk
management area.
Vince Kaminski
Dear Mr. Kaminski,
Thank you for your email concerning my paper on EVT and VaR.
I have thought about your question:
If you take formula (2.8) and plug in the parameters (u=10, N_u=56, beta=11.120
chi=0.186, q=0.95, n=108) you get hat(x)=42.86 DM.
Now we only have to explain the minus:
If you look at figure 3, you see that we considered the absolute negative
returns, i.e. we neglected the minus sign of these returns. but in the DRC we
have to pay attention on the minus sign, since we consider returns, not only
absolute returns. this is the reason for the minus in equation (3.10).
I hope I could help you with this explanation.
If you have further questions don't hesitate to ask me.
Sincerely,
Susanne Emmer
Please forward to all. Thanks.
********************  VIRUS ALERT >************* VBS/VBSWG.Z@MM  (Mawanella Virus >