hey...just got back from a late lunch
another conference call- amen!  but for how long...?  either way, am free to drift, and have just updated myself on the climate trends in the top 10 most likely cities i'll be living in in the next few years....VERY productive!  what time are you leaving today?  any interest in grabing a HH drink?  let me know e
Chat with friends online, try MSN Messenger: Click Here 
call me if you get a chance 713-853-1455
another conference call- amen!  but for how long...?  either way, am free to drift, and have just updated myself on the climate trends in the top 10 most likely cities i'll be living in in the next few years....VERY productive!  what time are you leaving today?  any interest in grabing a HH drink?  let me know e
Chat with friends online, try MSN Messenger: Click Here 
Barnaby's 
Backstreet Cafe 
Mark's 
Hey Lis 
As always it's good to hear from you.  I've been meaning to write and ask what you think of the food there (although, obviously you are surviving).  Please tell Priya, "Congratulations!!!!" for me...that is awesome.  I was actually looking into that program the other day, so on a selfish note I'm really curious to see what she thinks of the school, etc.  I think it'd be awesome to work in D.C. (or Boston or Northern California for that matter).  You should definitely keep rolling with the momentum you've got going right now...run with it!  And, good luck trying to arrange the trip w/ Niclas.  If you do manage to go...just have fun (it doesn't have to be "it", it can just be fun).
I have an offer in KC right now, should be getting the formal offer from Cincinnati next week and still waiting to hear from Chicago.  So things are definitely happening.  I'm just struggling with this decision a bit and have a real tug to head to France or Switzerland for 6 months to become fluent in French (you think I'm kidding, but I've really been checking this stuff out 
Part of the reason for my seemingly flaky turn is because of a recent sad event.  Chris went into premature labor on Tuesday (she was about 6 mos along) and the baby didn't make it.  She had a heart beat when she was born, but it was very weak.  They tried to resuscitate her but after about 15 minutes Chuck and Chris told the doctors to let her go.  Her name was Kelly Elizabeth Scott.  My Mom and Chris's Mom flew out to TN on Tuesday and my Dad went out there Wednesday...they are managing, but it's been really tough.  Chris is fine health-wise which we are all very thankful for, but everyone is really just trying to come to grips with why this happened.  So say a little prayer for them if you can.
I miss you too (you were actually in my dream last night) and really hope you're enjoying yourself.  Take care and I'll talk to you soon.
Sue
how's it going?
just thought i would check in and see how you were?  you were
right, my mom said i did received the $1100, pre-tax, so actually
$700. oh well, at this point money is money. priya just found out
she was accepted to SAIS at Johns Hopkins so she has been
frantically looking on the internet for jobs for me in DC. it is one of
the places that I am interested in relocating to but am also looking
in boston and northern california as well. have you heard anything
from the KC, Cincinnati, or Chicago jobs?
hope all is well. i miss you all tons. oh, starting to finalize travel
plans for the summer and it looks like niclas and i are going to be
meeting in Europe somewhere for about 5-7 days. he's mentioned
skiing in the swiss alps and italy? i am sure i wont be lucky
enough for it to work out, but we will see. talk to you soon,
lisa
Hi Jose,
I just wanted to check in and see how you are doing these days, and more importantly where you are?  I'm still at Enron right now working for the "estate".  I've been interviewing and have a few offers, but am not completely sure what I will be doing.  Hope all is well with you and I'd love to hear what is going on in your life.
Susan
ha...this bites
i hate UBS systems , im down again
ha...why not
should i put the word in for you to trade the futs for ene estate 
ha...this bites
i hate UBS systems , im down again
the most up-to-date, informative site available 
you are right you got www.nymexinfo.com
ha...why not
should i put the word in for you to trade the futs for ene estate 
ha...this bites
i hate UBS systems , im down again
ahwwwwww
anything for you mainline
the most up-to-date, informative site available 
you are right you got www.nymexinfo.com
ha...why not
should i put the word in for you to trade the futs for ene estate 
ha...this bites
i hate UBS systems , im down again
I promise I'm not trying to rub it in....actually, I was just going to do the spa thing to give you study time but if you don't need it (and you'd rather go shopping, etc.) let me know and I will forget about it.  I must admit though that an hour long massage sounds wonderful.
Sue
hey susan-
you are so demanding with your spa schedule!  : )  are you rubbing it in, or what??   friday sounds better, because saturday we have  bunch of tentative plans....i'm also not as stressed about the studying factor because i took monday as a vacation day to study, but please do go ahead- the spa treatment sounds wonderful!  so anytime friday works great for me 
julie
At 01:33 PM 4/11/2001 -0500, you wrote:
Hey Julie,
Just wondering if you had any preferences regarding the spa times I emailed
you yesterday.  If you get a chance let me know and I will go ahead and
make a reservation.
Ciao,
Susan
Hey Julie,
Just wondering if you had any preferences regarding the spa times I emailed you yesterday.  If you get a chance let me know and I will go ahead and make a reservation.
Ciao,
Susan
Caycie,
I just left a message for you at work...How EXCITING!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  I can't believe both you and Jen got engaged on the same weekend.  I'm absolutely thrilled for you and look forward to all the fun festivities this will warrant.  You know I think Briggs is great (I've had so much fun hanging out with him at all of these weddings) and you're obviously pretty fond of him so I can't imagine a better bit of news than that of your engagement.  I can't wait to hear all about the event (and see the ring - I'm sure it's gorgeous).
I think I'm actually going to try and come up to Austin the weekend of the 12th...from what I understand Jessica will still be in town, as will Corey, and Jen had expressed some interest in making a road trip so we'll see.
Love,
Sue
PS - Are you coming in for Deborah's wedding?
Susan-
I hope that all is well.  you might have already heard by now, but Briggs
and I are ENGAGED!!!!  It happened Friday!  I didn't know how to reach you
so I would your e-mail on one of Lisa's e-mails.  I hope that all is well.
Let me know when you will be in Austin next.
Talk to you soon!
Caycie
Accenture
Direct 512-732-5718
Fax     512-732-5943
Octel  472/5718
Never
Don't forget about me!
Dave
Ditto
=20
See Joe Hartsoe's summaries of FERC recent RTO orders.
Rick  -- Attached is my list of rehearing issues for the Southern and GridSouth RTO orders that you requested.=20
=09=09=09=20
Also included are summaries of GridSouth and Southern Orders.
=09=09 =20
Ditto
For your reading pleasure!
Real time market discussion right before "Ancillary Services" discussion in GridFlorida.
Summaries to follow.
-
Please see attached.  Please note that the GridFlorida Order (RT01-67-000) is 92 pp.
- RT01-67.1 
- RT01-34.1 
Ditto
FERC Order Issued 3/28/01 Rejecting SPP/Entergy's RTO 
The Commissioners were generally displeased by SPP and Entergy's lack of substantive work toward complying with the Commission's previous orders and failure to sufficiently discuss the feasibility of a broader RTO.  As Chair Herbert said:  SPP should have read the Commission's order in May and taken it more seriously.  (Issues for possible rehearing are 
?	The Commission declined to approve SPP's scope and configuration because the SPP members remain uncommitted to the RTO and have not made a decision to transfer operational control and the SPP/Entergy relationship remains somewhat undefined.  The Commission wants to see evidence of serious efforts to form RTOs that combine current RTO proposals and Entergy and SPP must file a report by May 25 addressing this scope issue.
o	Bulk power sales and purchase figures indicate that natural markets extend beyond the SPP RTO borders.  There are significant sales and purchases between SPP and SERC (and Midwest companies to a lesser extent.)
o	Expect the existing TOs to file Section 203 applications to transfer control of transmission to SPP.
o	MOU must be clarified to demonstrate that the minimum requirements of an RTO, such as operational authority, ATC calculation and planning/expansion, will be met.
?	Approves Entergy's proposal for a Managing Member that controls all voting rights to the Transco and approves Entergy's Board approval process (states that Entergy would control no more than two of the selection committee's seven members 
?	Allows Southwestern Public Service Company to satisfy its merger obligation by joining SPP instead of MISO.
?	The Commission did not address EPMI's motion to condition market based rate authority on RTO participation 
Ditto
On March 28, FERC provisionally approved the GridFlorida RTO.
Some positive aspects for EPMI:
States that EPMI's proposal for a real time energy market has "theoretical merit", but practically may not be implemented when operational.  Encourages consideration of our proposal and how it could be practically implemented.
Grants EPMI's protest that Applicants cannot acquire software and other systems implementing market design until after the independent Board is seated and given its approval.
I believe this was intended for the other Susan Scott...I'm with Nat Gas Trading. 
Thanks
I talked with Rogers, who said that it makes sense for us to advocate one RTO from Entergy through Southern into GridSouth (presumably getting TVA to commit at some point to an RTO).  Florida should probably be separate.  SPP could be in this RTO or the Midwest.  Therefore, the overall theme that Jim discussed this morning (that FERC has started something somewhat positive, but should take the step to actually state that it wants these utilities to work toward one SE RTO) can be put into the GridSouth and Southern request for rehearing (Tom C. is getting the draft of this.)  Thanks.
Hey Kasey,
I just got an email back from KJ and he seemed to think you're going to be in San Diego until Saturday or Sunday of this week...so, I thought I'd drop you a line and let you know I too will be in San Diego.  I arrive Thursday evening and don't leave again until Sunday afternoon.  If you have any free time give me a call on my cell phone, 713-775-6472, and we can try to get together.  I've got your number from your last visit to Houston so don't be suprised if you hear from me.
Talk to you soon,
Sue
Okay...On Friday they have openings at 10:00, 10:30 & 11:00 and Saturday there are openings from 2:00 to 5:00.  Either works for me.  The packages I'm looking at are about and hour and a half long and I thought to buy you some more time I could just visit all the shops.  Here are the two packages I'm looking at...what do you think?  (The lady at the spa recommended the second one)
Fruit Body Facial: A double-exfoliating facial for the entire body leaving the skin feeling silky smooth and shining -- ideal before a wedding or 
a special occasion that's just right for that backless dress. You are first exfoliated with crushed Californian grape seeds followed by a light 
misting with an orange blossom aromatherapy oil. After a brief shower, you'll enjoy an all-over message with a facial quality message lotion. 
Then it's your choice of either an invigorating peppermint glycolic or a calming aloe vera/grapefruit finishing skin treatment.
Benefits: Skin feels rejuvenated and healthy; circulation is stimulated and the skin has a healthy glow.
Time: 90 minutes
Pacific Paradise Body Scrub& Massage: Pineapple papaya lotion is the moisturizer and California grape seeds - nature's anti-oxidant are the exfoliant in this 20 - 25 minute body scrub. You'll feel like island Royalty as warm coconut kuki oil is used as the lotion during a 50-minute 
message that completes the treatment.
Benefits: Rough skin disappears as the powerful moisturizing properties of tropical oils sink deep into your skin.
Time: 90 minutes
Ta Ta,
Susan
I'm checking out the L'Auberge website as we speak...it sounds wonderful.  As for baseball, I'd love to stop by for a few innings on Saturday.  It sounds like fun and I wouldn't mind checking out the stadium.  I can't stress enough how flexible I am on all this stuff.  We can wait a while before deciding which is our best beach day bet.  I'll check out the spa's schedule regarding massages to see what kind of flexibility there is there.  As for the clothing I will try to remind myself SD is casual...Houston's gotten pretty sassy over the last couple of years.  I always feel underdressed when I go out here.  Thursday night sounds great...two days and counting.
=20
great ideas and suggestions!  i'll respond in more detail later, but wanted to let you know you picked some of the best restaurants in san diego!  i'll try to gather some people to go straight out on thursday evening- that would be fun....i was going to study on saturday, but may have to rethink that if you've found saturday to be better beach weather.  i do like your plan for friday...i've asked my rooomate for spa suggestions....the one i do know of is L'Auberge resort in del mar- you can probably find info on the web and/or call them (don't have the phone number handy, unfortunately!).  i definitely think a jacket is better than a sweater- unfortunately it's quite cold today.  does usually warm up during the day, though.   do you like baseball?  i might be responsible for hosting our skybox on saturday, so we could drop by for a few innings, but if not, then i can get someone else to be in charge.....i am taking monday off of work to study all day, so it should make me much more relaxed this weekend. and i'm going to study like crazy tonight. =20
there are several churches near me, so we'll probably go in del mar, cardiff-by-the-sea, or encinitas.....still working that out. but definitely plan on a run on the beach (if that appeals to you!)- i've been so horrible about working out these past several weeks. =20
since san diego is pretty casual, you should be able to bring a pair of black pants or a skirt or something and have it function for both dinner out and church.....and of course, i always have sweaters and jackets, so you can always borrow something of mine. =20
i'll drop you more info once i have it!
love,
julie
At 11:49 AM 4/10/2001 -0500, you wrote:
Okay, given the weather conditions out there right now I'm going to have to
put a little extra planning into my packing.  I figure we'll be engaging in
the following activities:  beach, shopping, dinner, going out, church and I
think you mentioned something about a museum.  Given those various
situations, I was wondering what you suggest I bring along.  For instance,
am I going to need a jacket at night or is a sweater sufficient and what do
you suggest in the way of "go-out" clothes?   Also, let me know if you hear
anything about the spas...that way I can try and make a reservation (=20
figure Friday mid-morning would be a good time.  We could go for a run in
the morning and then I could go for the massage while you study.)
Supposedly, it's going to be warmer on Saturday than Friday so maybe we
should plan Saturday as our beach day...of course, I'm completely flexible.
As for brunch on Sunday, I did a little research yesterday and came up with
a few suggestions... George's on the Cove, The Marine Room, Brockton Villa,
Trattoria Acqua and Pacifica Del Mar.  All of these, with the exception of
Pacifica Del Mar, are in La Jolla so I suppose we'd have to take that into
consideration...There is a Presbyterian church in La Jolla that could be an
option (but if your friends have suggestions I defer to their judgement
both religiously and gastronomically).  All of the places mentioned above,
in addition to The Fish Market, Cafe Japengo and En Fuego Cantina & Grill,
also sounded good for just regular meals.  Depending on local culture (and
your own opinion) I was just going to let you know that I can go straight
from the airport somewhere if you want on Thursday.  I didn't know what
time people typically go out to eat or if you even wanted to go out
Thursday night.
I know, I know...I had way too much time on my hands yesterday.
In the end, I'll really do anything and go anywhere...just thought I'd help
out with a few suggestions.
Love,
Susan
Okay, given the weather conditions out there right now I'm going to have to put a little extra planning into my packing.  I figure we'll be engaging in the following activities:  beach, shopping, dinner, going out, church and I think you mentioned something about a museum.  Given those various situations, I was wondering what you suggest I bring along.  For instance, am I going to need a jacket at night or is a sweater sufficient and what do you suggest in the way of "go-out" clothes?   Also, let me know if you hear anything about the spas...that way I can try and make a reservation ( I figure Friday mid-morning would be a good time.  We could go for a run in the morning and then I could go for the massage while you study.)  Supposedly, it's going to be warmer on Saturday than Friday so maybe we should plan Saturday as our beach day...of course, I'm completely flexible.  As for brunch on Sunday, I did a little research yesterday and came up with a few suggestions... George's on the Cove, The Marine Room, Brockton Villa, Trattoria Acqua and Pacifica Del Mar.  All of these, with the exception of Pacifica Del Mar, are in La Jolla so I suppose we'd have to take that into consideration...There is a Presbyterian church in La Jolla that could be an option (but if your friends have suggestions I defer to their judgement both religiously and gastronomically).  All of the places mentioned above, in addition to The Fish Market, Cafe Japengo and En Fuego Cantina & Grill, also sounded good for just regular meals.  Depending on local culture (and your own opinion) I was just going to let you know that I can go straight from the airport somewhere if you want on Thursday.  I didn't know what time people typically go out to eat or if you even wanted to go out Thursday night. =20
I know, I know...I had way too much time on my hands yesterday.
In the end, I'll really do anything and go anywhere...just thought I'd help out with a few suggestions.
Love,
Susan
=09
Just heard from the Earl...he said he's okay but has just been really busy the last few weeks.  I encourage you to drop him another line sometime in the near future and suggest lunch, as he seems receptive to interaction at this point 
As for last Wednesday, we had actually moved on to Steak Night by 9:30 and then were off to Sierra's.  Needless to say it was a big night 
Glad to hear the game was good and I'm not suprised in the least that you have "get-up-and-go" (I've seen you when an attractive woman passes by).
I'm a no go for Thursday as I've actually already made dinner plans with a friend.  Besides, Dean's is the ex's favorite Thursday night hang-out for the reason you mentioned and for that same reason it sadly is not mine.  I'm sure after this response Ben will be convinced I'm avoiding him, but I assure you that is not the case.
Cheers
I should be in town this weekend if anything is going on 
Oh I am so glad to hear from you! How are things? Been thinking about you---no not in that way No, actually, Daniel and I got back around 9:30 and I went into Farrago's to see if you were there....but you weren't. I looked like death warmed over after the game...it has been way too long since my playing days. To be true, I have the get-up-and-go, but I literally whiffed a few kicks Thankfully, Daniel played well. He had one pitch that was sweet!!
What are you up to this week? I am trying to get Ben to go with me to Dean's on Thursday. I love that place on Thursdays....wait, I digress...I like the ladies on Thursdays there. Want to go?
Let me know what the Earl says...I am a little disappointed in him as of late...not that he cares 
Walle (that's Latin for "good day")
Susan M Scott@ECT
04/25/2001 03:31 PM
What happened to you last Wednesday?  Were you too pooped after you soccer game for a cold brew?  Hope you had a good weekend anyway and that things are in general are going well. 
I just dropped the Earl a line to see if he's still breathing.  I'll let you know if I hear anything back.
Caio
Thanks for thinking of me (the ride back was lovely - lots of gummy food items and carbonated beverages)...i'm very tired from all of the weekend activity though and don't see much rest in my future.  Oh well life is short, right 
I'm so glad we were able to spend some time together this weekend, and that you got a chance to meet my parents.  I'm going to have to make a trip up to Austin soon for a visit to make sure you're hitting all the must sees/eats.  By the way, how long are you going to be there?
Susan
Maybe I'll hit an "Eaters" outing.
Please respond to  Well, that clarified it 
How are you doing?  I hope that you and Jen had a safe trip back to Houston.
I thought of you this morning when the Uncle Kracker song popped up on
sonicnet.  Song is "Follow Me" and the album is Double Wide.  Classy,
classy.
Have a great week and hope to catch up soon!
MR
Since I don't recognize your name, try susan.m.scott@
(there are 2 Susan Scotts at Enron)
Thanks for the info...I will check into it.  Hope you manage to get some rest.  The wedding was fun, super sweet and huge (800+ at the reception).  I got hit on by a waiter at the rehearsal dinner and groped in the hotel elevator by one of the groomsmen...so I'm up on guys right now 
Talk to you soon,
Sue
just got this response.  have not read it, but after what has felt like the
longest day of my life, am not sure i can still read.  go ahead and analyze
and act as necessary.  will chat when i come bk out of coma.  goodnite.
e
_________________________________________________________________
Sounds good...I failed to comment on your movie question.  No, I haven't seen any lately so that sounds good to me too.  I've been going crazy on the internet today looking for things/places to do/go.  Anyway, I was also remembering how wonderful getting that massage was last time I was there and wondered if you knew of a good spa close by your place that maybe we could both go to ( or I could go to while you're studying).  Just a thought.
no, i don't really.....do you have ideas??  we have a couple options:  there is an easter service in some flower fields that are just beautiful and have an ocean view- if it's nice, it might be a unique place to go for a service.  otherwise, there's always my parent's church, but that's rather far so i've already set them up for us not joining them.  there is another church in my area which a bunch of friends go to, but to which i've never been.....i'll send out the email and find out where everyone is going this weekend.....let me know if you've heard of good brunch places!
At 12:10 PM 4/9/2001 -0500, you wrote:
So do you have any ideas/plans for brunch on Sunday...my guess is there are
a ton of places with special Easter Brunches.  I just thought maybe you had
a regular spot.  Let me know.
So do you have any ideas/plans for brunch on Sunday...my guess is there are a ton of places with special Easter Brunches.  I just thought maybe you had a regular spot.  Let me know.
I'm flying Continental and I will check my mailbox for the card...I haven't checked it in a while.  I'm going to bring my pictures from the last two weekends ( very fun activities...I tell you all about them this weekend).
Love ya,
Susan
great- sounds perfect!  have you seen any movies lately?  i haven't seen a movie in forever and there are several girl movies out that i would love to see....chocolat among them.- i've heard the scenery is amazing.  what airline are you flying?  i'll be there thursday at 7, and will check the arrival time before leaving work.  i will be picking you up directly from work, but always have my cell phone on me, should you need to get in touch:  619-890-7565 
yeah!!! thursday will be here before we know it!!
have a great week.....oh- i have several rainy day activities, should the weather be less than stellar. did you ever get the card i mailed you at work?
can't wait to see you!
love,
julie
At 10:49 AM 4/9/2001 -0500, you wrote:
Hi yourself,
I swear you read my mind sometimes...I was just about to email you.
Anyway, things here are good and I am equally (if not more) excited about
my visit.  I know the weather's been kind of funky the last week or so but
I've been hearing the same rumours as you regarding a weekend warm-up.
Therefore, I'm still bringing my suit/beach clothes and will just make sure
I've got some stuff in case it stays on the chilly side.  I'll also make
sure to include some work-out clothes and Sunday attire ( I'm assuming 
skirt or dress will work okay 
No worries about the need to study.  I've been go-go-go the last couple of
weekends and would not mind at all having some down-time during the day for
naps, lounging, walking, etc. while you study to your hearts content.
Honestly, we've got plenty of time to do things so it's no big  deal.
My flight is supposed to arrive Thursday night at 7:00 and I leave at 3:40
Sunday afternoon ( I got direct flights this time so I won't be nearly as
tired).
Hope this week isn't too crazy for you...of course, if it is you'll be more
than ready for a little R&R.
Love,
Susan
hi susan-
how are you??  things are super crazy here, so wanted to drop you a note
before it's suddenly thursday!  i am SO excited for your visit and a day
off- i do have to warn you that my statistics mid-term got postponed
(horrible and a relief at the same time) until the monday after easter, so
i may have to study a bit over the weekend....i'll of course try to get it
all done before you get in on thursday, though!  don't want to intrude on
our beach time!
the weather is odd right now- raining and chilly, but they're claiming it
will warm up to 68 by friday- hopefully warmer.....so still definitely
bring your suit, running shoes, and church clothes for Easter 
what are your flight times?
can't wait to see you!
love,
julie
Hi Ashley,
It's so funny that you emailed me today because I was just telling Jessica this weekend that I needed to drop you a line.  Unfortunately, I'm no longer moving to London.  I was offered a job here in Houston trading and just couldn't pass it up.  However, I will definitely tell my friend Emily about the flat...she's always looking for ways to save a little bit of money.  I'll also keep my ears open for any Enronites who are looking for places to live.
Actually, the reason I was going to email you was to let you know I'm coming over to visit again this June.  I will be in town basically the 6th through the 11th (flying in on the 5th and departing the 12th).  I hope you're in town at least some of that time...I'm still frustrated we never had a chance to hook-up last time.  Food for thought...there's an Eagles concert on the 9th and my friend already has tickets with some buddies... I'm was planning on just getting a single ticket and hopefully squeezing in with them, but if you have any interest please let me know and we could just get tickets together. 
Talk to you soon,
Susan
Susan,
I know this is a bit random, but I know that you had maybe mentioned coming
over to London for a year.  I have no idea if this will pan out, but I am
looking for a roommate.  If you were comign over and might want to be my
roommate, I would be super excited.  I live in a really cool area in teh
middle of everything and do not want to have to give up the flat.  It is
actually really cheap rent at ?200 a week or so.  the little man who owns
it lives next door and keeps different flowers planted depending on the
season.
If you are not coming, or just do not want to be my roommate, do  you think
you could keep your ears open for anyone you know who might be moving over.
Do you think your friend who you were visiting might need a roommate?
Think on it and let me know any feedback.
Take care,
Ashley
Hi yourself,
I swear you read my mind sometimes...I was just about to email you.  Anyway, things here are good and I am equally (if not more) excited about my visit.  I know the weather's been kind of funky the last week or so but I've been hearing the same rumours as you regarding a weekend warm-up.  Therefore, I'm still bringing my suit/beach clothes and will just make sure I've got some stuff in case it stays on the chilly side.  I'll also make sure to include some work-out clothes and Sunday attire ( I'm assuming a skirt or dress will work okay 
No worries about the need to study.  I've been go-go-go the last couple of weekends and would not mind at all having some down-time during the day for naps, lounging, walking, etc. while you study to your hearts content.  Honestly, we've got plenty of time to do things so it's no big deal.
My flight is supposed to arrive Thursday night at 7:00 and I leave at 3:40 Sunday afternoon ( I got direct flights this time so I won't be nearly as tired).
Hope this week isn't too crazy for you...of course, if it is you'll be more than ready for a little R&R.
Love,
Susan
hi susan-
how are you??  things are super crazy here, so wanted to drop you a note
before it's suddenly thursday!  i am SO excited for your visit and a day
off- i do have to warn you that my statistics mid-term got postponed
(horrible and a relief at the same time) until the monday after easter, so
i may have to study a bit over the weekend....i'll of course try to get it
all done before you get in on thursday, though!  don't want to intrude on
our beach time!
the weather is odd right now- raining and chilly, but they're claiming it
will warm up to 68 by friday- hopefully warmer.....so still definitely
bring your suit, running shoes, and church clothes for Easter 
what are your flight times?
can't wait to see you!
love,
julie
There is only one Susan Scott at Enron that really matters, right?  Best ways to ensure it's me...either use sscott5@ or check to make sure the middle initial that pops up is "M 
Ciao
There is only one Susan Scott at Enron that really matters, right?  Best ways to ensure it's me...either use sscott5@ or check to make sure the middle initial that pops up is "M 
Ciao
You're gonna love this site.  So true.
What happened to you last Wednesday?  Were you too pooped after you soccer game for a cold brew?  Hope you had a good weekend anyway and that things are in general are going well. 
I just dropped the Earl a line to see if he's still breathing.  I'll let you know if I hear anything back.
Caio
You should check out the 2nd deal...there are also trips to Cayman etc. on the same link at great prices.
See ya Saturday,
Susan
Travelzoo Weekly Top 20
Visit   for a free subscription.
Every week we search 200+ companies for their very best
sales and compile this Top 20 list.
Thank you for subscribing. Please forward this to a friend!
TOP 20 DEALS -- APRIL 5, 2001
$99 or Less -- Between Texas & Almost Anywhere
Source: Southwest Airlines
$262 -- Jamaica, 3 Nights Hotel, R/T Air
Source: American Airlines Vacations
$39 -- California, Rent a Convertible or SUV on Weekends
Source: Hertz
$373 -- Honolulu, Hawaii, 7 Nights Hotel, R/T Air
Source: Costa Travel
$72-$95 -- Fly Throughout Midwest, Leather Seats & Champagne
Source: Travelocity.com
$19 -- Reno, Per Night at the Atlantis
Source: travelscape.com
$899 -- Business Class to Italy, R/T from Midwest
Source: Northwest Airlines
$239 -- Rome, Italy, Spa Retreat at Orsini Castle
Source: travelscape.com
$99 -- Between Minneapolis and 18 Cities
Source: Sun Country Airlines
$279 -- Cruise to the Bahamas in September
Source: mytravelco.com
$79 -- Luxor Las Vegas, Select Spring & Summer Nights
Source: Luxor Hotel and Casino
$265 -- Manhattan, 1-Bedroom Suite w/Champagne, Breakfast
Source: Hotel Giraffe
$739 -- Thailand, 5 Nights Hotel, R/T Air
Source: Leisure Link International
$99 -- Williamsburg, VA, 2-Night Spring Special
Source: Historic Howard Johnson Hotel
$299-$379 -- Bahamas, 3 Nights, R/T Air
Source: 11th Hour Vacations
$39 -- Fly Between Seattle, Portland, Boise, or Spokane
Source: Southwest Airlines
$290 -- Cozumel, 4 Nights, R/T Air from Dallas
Source: AskAboutTravel
$178 -- Las Vegas, R/T from Dallas or Chicago
Source: National Airlines
$399 -- Cancun, 7 Nights Hotel, R/T from Detroit
Source: TravelbyJen
$649 -- France, Fly & Drive Package
Source: France Vacations
Do you have a deal we should consider for our next Top 20
list?  Fax it to Carol at 650-943-2433.
Please read the following terms and conditions of use
carefully.  By using this newsletter, you agree to the
following terms and conditions:
Sales and promotions listed in this e-mail may contain
restrictions and are subject to change.  For complete
details, please contact the travel supplier.  Fares often do
not include taxes or fees.  Sales and promotions listed in
this e-mail are offered and provided by the respective
travel supplier and/or its agents, not Travelzoo Inc.
Unauthorized distribution or commercial use of this e-mail
is strictly prohibited.  Travelzoo Inc. does not
independently verify the accuracy of this information and
does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness.  Sales and
promotions listed in this newsletter may have expired, may
have changed, or may not be available anymore at the time
you receive the newsletter.  The information provided in
this e-mail may include inaccuracies and typographical
errors.  Travelzoo Inc., it's subsidiaries and affiliates
are not liable for any claims of damages, loss or injury to
persons or property arising out of this newsletter.
"Travelzoo," "Travelzoo Top 20," and "Top 20 Deals" are
trademarks of Travelzoo Inc.  Other companies, products, or
service names may be trademarks or service marks of others
and are referenced for informational purposes only.
To unsubscribe, please visit the edit profile page at
This email was sent to sscott5@
Hey buddy,
Out of curiosity, what all are you bringing with you to San Antonio?  I'm running into some problems in the area of cocktail dresses as I developed some noticeable tan lines from my trip.  Oh well, I guess they're not that big a deal right 
Also, do you just want to swing by my complex Friday morning to pick me up?  I promise not to run too late.
Talk to you soon,
Susan
We know about Merle...don't know if I'll be able to go though b/c I have to be in San Antonio at a bridal luncheon by 12:30 on Friday.  There's no reserved seating anyway so I think I might be a bit of a mess (remember how crowded the Bellamy Brothers were?)
As for the trip over...I'm arriving on the 6th ( Wednesday morning at 7:45) and I'll be leaving the morning of the 12th.  Not perfect, but if something looks appealing on the mid-week trip front let me know.  I'll have a total of 6 full days over there.  Plenty of time to do something interesting right?
Sue
I'm not going to tell Lisa for a little while, so mum's the word....hopefully she'll already have booked her own flight.
did you girls know merle haggard was going to be at tine hall on thurs. the
5th?! can't believe it!  hope y'all are planning on going e
_________________________________________________________________
Sunil,
I promise I have not forgotten about you.  Things around here have just been crazy with the beginning of the month and all.  I should have some time tomorrow to get together if you like, just give me a call.
Talk to you soon,
Susan
Hey stranger,
Haven't talked to you in while, how are things going?  The trip was absolutely incredible.  We went scuba diving, swam with stingrays and drank enough (rum for me personally) to drown a large school of fish 
Anyway, I've decided I'm a no go for Austin this Thursday night.  I'm already exhausted and Jen Bowles offered to drive Friday morning so I've decided to take her up on the offer.  After the Caymans last weekend, Lisa's wedding this weekend and San Diego next weekend I've decided my best move is to try and conserve some energy.  Regardless, I will see you and Doug Saturday night and we'll do our catching up then.  My parents are coming to the wedding as well so I'm sure they'll want to have a nice chat with you and Doug.
Talk to you soon,
Susan
Hope Law Review isn't wearing you too thin.
Actually, I'm thrilled you want to drive.  I know I like to drive most of the time, but I'm not kidding about being exhausted and thus wanting to limit my exertion.  I think we should shoot for leaving by 8:00 so that if we're running a few minutes late it's no big deal (as long as we're on the road by 8:30 we should be fine).  I have no idea what I'm wearing yet either...oh well, necessity is the mother of invention, right 
The trip was incredible.  My life has done an absolute about face.  Can't wait to tell you all about it.
Talk to you later, 
Susan
Yeah!!!  If you don't mind, I would love to drive... Matt is flying in and
I'm not sure if he'll need a car but I wanted to have mine available to him
if he did need it.... is that alright?
THANK YOU... BIG for making maps... that will be wonderful!
The luncheon is at 12:30 and how long does it take to get to S.A.?  Should
we leave by 8:00 or 8:30????  I don't even know what I'm wearing yet ughhhh!
I can't wait to hear about your trip... how was it?
Talk to you soon friend!
Love,
Jen
_________________________________________________________________
Lexi,
I would like to volunteer for the Information Session on September 17.  My apologies for not being able to help out with this year's spring recruiting, but from the beginning of October through last Friday I couldn't take a single day off from work.  Fortunately, I'm in a new rotation and they have a bit more flexibility when it comes to my schedule.
Thanks,
Susan
x31455
Okay,  I'm in for driving together on Friday.  Although I'd love to see my sister and her family in Austin, I decided last night that I'm just too tuckered out to make this weekend any more exhausting than it's already going to be.  So...we just need to figure out what time we're leaving on Friday morning and who wants to drive.  I'm going to map out all of the directions for the weekend today so I cut down on my frustration level in   to San Antonio.  Absolutely no more getting lost for Susan...zapps my energy.
Talk to you later,
Sue
Yes, I am going home before the reception and am going to have Katy meet me at the apartment around 6:15 (at least that's what time I'm telling her).  If you want to tell Laura to meet at the apartment around that time too, I will be there to greet her.  I'm going to drop off some dry cleaning, finish my laundry and clean up a bit before they get there.  I'm so glad everyone is up for this outing...we are so culturally aware 
So that's the plan.  I suggest we eat somewhere around the Museum District...I'll do some research this afternoon.
Talk to you later,
Sue
Here you go....Katy wrote me an email and said she'd prefer to eat afterwards ( as would I ), so I say we plan to get to the "reception" around 7:00 and leave for dinner roughly 8:30.  Let me know if that works for you.
Week of 04.02.01	
Discounted tickets to 104 KRBE / Enron Earth Day are available for Enron employees to purchase for $16 (regular price = $20) on-line through the Signature Shop at www.enronsigshop.com now until this Wednesday, April 4.  Concert information is available at www.104krbe.com .  Check out volunteer opportunities in the Volunteer Section below!
Give us your best shot and join Cliff Baxter to help raise funds for Junior Achievement by participating in the Birdies for Charity Putting Contest in the Enron Lobby on Tuesday, April 3, from 11 a.m. - 1 p.m. Watch for special appearances by Jeff Skilling, Greg Whalley and others!  Donate $5 and you will have three chances to sink a putt and be entered to win some great golf prizes! 
Contingent Staffing Solutions - An New Enron Innovation Frequent user of temporary employees for administrative / clerical support? Then learn about Contingent Staffing Solutions (CSS) a new Enron innovation designed to provide you with better, faster and more cost efficient service when you need a temporary employee.   Come and hear all about it at our InfoSessions, scheduled for this Friday, April 6, 11:30 AM - 12:30 PM  in EB5C2.  Cookies and drinks will be provided, plus register to win two tickets to an upcoming Astros game.
The new 2000 Enron Annual Reports are now available and can be ordered through the Forms Management Group, Item #43884.  You may order them through Moore Source eProcurement or fax in a Forms Requisition.
The Museum of Fine Arts and KRTS 92.1 invite you, your co-workers and your friends to a Corporate Partners' event... First Fridays (the professional's happy hour) on Friday, April 6 , 2001  5:30 till 8:30 p.m.  Enjoy the music of the Dylon Robbins Quartet in the Cafe Express of the museum's Audrey Jones Beck Building 5601 Main Street.  Lite refreshments, Cash Bar, Please come as you are!  Call India Mittag at (713) 639-7570 for more information
First Fridays provides an opportunity to mingle with other professionals, listen to music, and get your monthly dose of culture.
THIS MONTH
Drop your business card to have a chance to win a pair of free tickets to 
"La Vida Loca" - "The  Crazy Life" at The Glassell School of Art Annual Benefit and Art Auction on Friday, May 4, 2001.  You will be treated to a dinner buffet followed by dancing in the Cullen Sculpture Garden(price of ticket $125/person).
The 5A Gala Benefiting the African American Art Advisory Association and honoring Houston artists, Michelle Barnes and Rick Lowe on Saturday, April 7, 2001 Dinners will be served at several homes around Houston and then guests will come to the Museum of Fine Arts, Houston for dessert and entertainment(price of ticket $75/person).
2001 Museum of Fine Arts, Houston Corporate Partners Spring Reception, April 3!
Be a part of the Museum of Fine Arts, Houston 2001 Corporate Partners Spring Reception on Tuesday, April 3 at the Law building of the MFA.  Enjoy great food donated by ARIES Restaurant and The Redwood Grill, free drinks, cool art, and good friends.  To attend or with questions call (713) 639-7585.
Recycle Your Cell Phone Did you forget to bring in your discarded cell phones last week?  If so, please send them to Gavin Dillingham at 3AC1526b by April 30th.  By bringing your old phones, bag phones, batteries, adapters, charging units and other cell=phone related items, you will support Enron's effort to benefit the Houston Chapter of CARE.
CARE is on the world's largest international relief and development organizations with funds going directly to develop sustainable agricultural and economic systems including medical and educational programs in Latin America, Asia, Africa, Europe and the Caribbean.  All collected cell phones will be recycled back into use or disposed of in an environmentally responsible manner and you will receive an acknowledgement letter from CARE for this donation.
Monday, April 9th
Pecan Grove Country Club
$125 a player (includes green fees, cart, lunch, dinner & 2 drink tickets)
For registration call Donna Clement at (281) 240-8181
WalkAmerica, taking place April 29, is the March of Dimes biggest fund-raiser. Money raised from the WalkAmerica supports pioneering research and innovative programs that save babies born prematurely or with birth defects. Since its beginning in 1970, WalkAmerica has raised more than $1 billion to help give babies a fighting chance.
Every dollar raised will be matched by Enron.
You can read more about the March of Dimes at www.modimes.org.
For more information, please contact Kimberly Nelson (ext. 33580) or Gina Taylor (ext. 37681).
The Lone Star Boxer Rescue Golf Tournament will be held at Cypresswood Golf Course on Wednesday, April 11 beginning with a Shotgun Start at 1 PM.  All proceeds for the tournament benefits the Lone Star Boxer Rescue group which is an all volunteer orginization who works to provide veterinary treatment and find new, permanent homes for unwanted and abandoned Boxer dogs
- GOLF TOURNEY HOLE SPONSORSHIP FORM.doc 
- GOLF TOURNAMENT REGISTRATION FORM.doc 
Hockey Fans!!!  The Houston Aeros Booster Club End -of-Season Banquet is Monday, April 9, 2001 from 6 PM - 10 PM at the Warwick Hotel located 
at 5791 Main Street.  All proceeds benefit "Kids Unlimited Foundation",  an all volunteer organization benefiting  children with cancer and their families "Kids"  sponsors family oriented events to bring together everyone affected by these devastating circumstances 
Donation
Nonmembers:     	$70.00		Cocktails:	6pm-7pm
Members:             	$60.00		Dinner:		7pm-8:30pm
Table:	                 	$750.00		Silent Auction:	6pm-9pm
(table seats 8 persons plus player)
Beer, wine and soft drinks included in the price.
For additional information contact Debra Perlingiere @ 37658 or Aeros Booster Banquet Contact John Shaw @ 281-531-7799, john@cruiselife.com.
This group of young professionals is a fun, energetic group of young professionals in their twenties and thirties working hard to increase the awareness of DePelchin Children's Center among young adults in Houston.  The organization hosts social gatherings, helping with various volunteer projects and raising funds for DePelchin Children's Center. Please call (713) 802-7648 or go to www.depelchin.org/young.html  to learn how you can become a member. 
As a member of Young Friends, you will: receive free admission to social functions have the opportunity to volunteer for fun projects that benefit children who are served by DePelchin Children's Center be able to serve on Young Friends' committees receive the Directory of Members as well as DePelchin's quarterly newsletter, Today have the satisfaction of supporting one of Houston's most well-established charitable organizations. receive networking opportunities with other young professionals 
Support TEAM ENRON and Jeff Skilling by participating in the MS150 from Houston to Austin on April 21st and April 22nd.  All-purpose volunteers are needed to handle various logistical duties including serving meals to the Team, playing music, directing riders to the Enron Tent, setting-up and tearing-down, making massage appointments... to name just a few!
Can't commit to the whole weekend?  Participate where you can!  Main sites include Bellville (Saturday lunch), LaGrange (overnight stop), Bastrop (Sunday lunch) and Austin (the FINISH LINE!).  While everyone will be responsible for their own transportation & lodging, our volunteers are welcome to camp out with the Team in the Enron Tent in LaGrange.  You may also investigate the possibility of staying at lodging establishments in the area.
All volunteers will receive a free Enron Cycling Club tee-shirt, free meals and a priceless experience.  Feel free to bring along your friends and family to volunteer, too!  Take this opportunity to be a hero for our riders who take on this cycling adventure to benefit the National Multiple Sclerosis Society supporting the Houston, Dallas, San Antonio, Austin, and Corpus Christi areas.  Please contact Heather Choate via e-mail or at x33278 for more information! 
On Saturday, April 7th, volunteers are needed to work the KRBE Kid's Zone and the Ultimate Enron Solar-Powered Anti-Haze Maze at the 104 KRBE / Enron Earth Day Festival.  As a volunteer, you'll receive a free special-edition volunteer tee-shirt, one (1) free ticket to the concert and free lunch!!!  A brief orientation will take place in the Energizer on Tuesday, March 27th at 3:00pm 
Please call Jessica Nunez at ext. 31918 to reserve your slot!
VOLUNTEERS NEEDED FOR 15TH  ANNUAL HOUSTON HOOP-IT-UP MAY 5-6!
The best way to get yourself jump-started for a full year of Hoops.  Become a part of this jammin'hoops scene with over 1,200 teams & 4,800 players.  Join us at Greenspoint Mall for a basketball-crazed atmosphere.  Games and special events being played simultaneously on 110 courts so the basketballs will be flying HOOP-IT-UP is where you play for FUN.  EVENT BENEFITS THE "ESCAPE FAMILY RESOURCE CENTER"
SATURDAY - 	MAY 5TH	8:00 - 6:00 PM
SUNDAY - 	MAY 6TH	8:00 - 5:00 PM
For more information please call "Hoop-It-Up Hotline": 713-521-4535 or
E-Mail: Hoopitup@Texas.Net 
Join the Integrated Solutions Team & PSI Homesavers on April 21 & April 28!
Enron is proud to support PSI Homesavers with three crews for their annual spring volunteer project.  More crews can be added so sign up to participate or include your team!  Responsibilities include being part of a work crew to complete needed exterior home repairs for low income, predominately elderly homeowners in Houston neighborhoods.  Contact Donnis Traylor at. ext. 55667 for more information!
Please contact Charla Reese at x35202 if you are a member of a band that would interested in playing at an Enron employee event.
Weight Watchers "At Work" is gearing up for another session.  Cost is $164 for 15 weeks ($143 for Weight Watchers "Lifetime Members").  There are 18 spaces remaining and they will be filled on a first-come, first-served basis.  Reserve your space by e-mailing georgia.fogo@.  Classes are held every Wednesday at 11:45 a.m. beginning April 4.  E-mail confirmations for class participants will begin on Monday, April 2. 
Double click on the icon below to learn more about the new Enron Kids' Center 
Have News to Share?
To post news or events in Enron In Action, please e-mail your information to EIA@ 
no later than 12:00 noon the Thursday prior to the next Monday's mailing.
lol
Hey, make sure you don't migrate your old last name over to UBS.  You are coming up out of Egypt and need your Freeland name 
**For New UBS employees 
I am going to send all of our File Migration compliance forms in one batch, so give them to me when you have signed the Document Migration Certificate. I will be sending this the evening of the 8th.
If you don't know who I am or what this is about, ask Dave Steiner or any of the Admins.
Thanks,
Cara Freeland
Would it help if I faxed you the 'you will have your card in 2 weeks' note they just gave me?
Good Morning,
I am going into a meeting at nine for I am not sure how long, so just leave a message if you have a problem or a question.  The loss schedule is per Crandall.
Cara
Hi,
I am sitting here at my desk talking contracts and energy, and in my
head I am thinking about kisses, caresses, and waking up with you. 
You make me feel so special, and beautiful, and cherished. I would
really like to play hooky all during your shutdown and just be with you.
I want to have a completely lazy day, just vegging, reading, snacking,
keeping my feet warm, petting cats, watching movies, and snuggling by my
fireplace. How does Christmas Eve sound? Do you have plans?
Bye my special one,
Kitten
Hi,
I am sitting here at my desk talking contracts and energy, and in my head I am thinking about kisses, caresses, and waking up with you. 
You make me feel so special, and beautiful, and cherished. I would really like to play hooky all during your shutdown and just be with you. 
I want to have a completely lazy day, just vegging, reading, snacking, keeping my feet warm, petting cats, watching movies, and snuggling by my fireplace. How does Christmas Eve sound? Do you have plans?
Bye my special one,
Kitten
I the undersigned, hereby accept the intended offering of the parties in the first part to provide "food" and "beer", with the following provisions:
1. The sponsors of the feast, Christian Yoder and Steve Hall, must attend the function in person and engage in conversation and laughter.
2. Gratitude from the attendees must be accepted at any and all times.
Thanks Guys! I look forward to scarfing a little pizza and brew with you!
Cara (soon to be Freeland)
Friends and Co-Workers:
You are hereby cordially invited to a pre-holiday office lunch this Thursday at approximately 11:30 a.m, courtesy of the Trading Attorneys.
LEGAL NOTICE:  Christian Yoder and Steve Hall (hereinafter "we" or "our" or "us" ) intend to pay for the food (which will probably, but not necessarily, be pizza and salad) with post-petition Chapter 11 salary dollars that have already cleared our respective individual bank accounts and, therefore, by joining us in the meal ("Lunch") you will not be exposed to any retroactive claw-back risk by way of the Cash Account Committee.  We are also investigating the possibility of providing a limited quantity of a certain kind of beverage ("Beer") under a provisional waiver of the defunct pre-petition Company's drinking policies, subject to approval by the Estate's Liquor Control Board which is being sought on an expedited basis 
We feel like making this modest holiday gesture for several reasons: 
1.  It has been a pleasure working with you all during the past year.
2.  We are optimistic about this office's prospects in the upcoming year.
3.  American Express forgot to cancel our Corporate Cards.
We hope you will join us for a free lunch as we look forward to a prosperous New Year.
Christian and Steve 
Hi Sweetie,
I am doing fine, things are still wierd, but Dave has gone to stay with his parents and only comes to town to deal with his vending machines.  I went to the law store and got all the documents, but I find them very intimidating. I think I would rather pay the single fee to the lawyer so that I know it is all done right. I would like your advice on this matter.
I have been going to parties and movies and such,  having fun.  I have been on a date, and am currently enjoying the company of a man named Craig. He is a very sweet man, and we have just clicked.
Talk to you later, have a good long weekend off. I have a new cell phone number 810-1105
Cara
Thanks Frank,
Hey did that intermittent blank drop down field bug in the physical path area get fixed?
I tried doing a tag a few days ago and still got that error.
Have a good day,
Cara
503/464-3814
OATI has recently completed the effort to contact each customer by phone to provide access to the Etag 1.7 Tagging Simulator.  If you would like to have an opportunity to use this system and do not already have access, please inquire within your company to determine whom we've contacted, and they should be able to provide you with a user account, password, and the web location of the Etag 1.7 Simulator.
If you have any questions, please feel free to contact OATI by email at ideas@oatiinc.com or call us at 763-553-2725.
There are still a few openings left in the Etag 1.7 Training workshops scheduled prior to the March 6 rollout date.  Please visit the OATI Corporate Home Page for Workshop details, by clicking the "OATI" logo in your tagging toolbar.
Hi There,
What a great e-mail!  I got a warm glow and a great laugh all rolled into one.  I am keeping that one in my palm pilot so I can read it anywhere I want.
I woke up thinking about you, took my bubble bath and looked at my pink toenails thinking about you, put on my lotion thinking about you, drove to work singing along with the radio to Steely Dan thinking about you, and am just about useless at my desk thinking about you.
I really enjoyed just vegging last night.  You have a good day too cutie pie.
;)
Everything is wonderful......................just wonderful..............................there is a suprise on the way for you today from me.
Craig is so nice, we had a really good weekend. Thanks for inviting me to your drunken bash!
About another hour or so and I am outta here. I am tired..........ti..............yerd.
I ran up and bought the Charlotte Church CD, listening to it now, it is very nice.  I will bring it home with me  
I would like to come over and finish that movie tonight for a bit, but I am going HOME to sleep  
That ok?
C
Cara's new number is
503-810-1105
you need to contact support@oatiinc.com
They can walk you thru it.
:)
Cara, I still can't get into Oati - am I doing something wrong??I am using the ID and password you have below.
Thanks, Serena
Good Morning,
I need new logins created for the following people
Serena_Bishop
serena.bishop@
pw: welcome
Mike_Purcell
mike.purcell@
pw: welcomeback
I need the following logins deleted:
Lisa Gang
Susie Wilson
Stacy Runswick
Within a couple of weeks, most of the Enron folks will no longer be active, and I will have no access to the system.  Mike Purcell will be handling the account and can be reached at mike.purcell@
Please call me at 503/464-3814 within the hour if there is additional information that you need to set up Serena and Mike's logins by the end of today.
Thanks
Cara Semperger
West Power Scheduling Supervisor
Have a good day
Cara
Y'all have a good day 
C
Should we go ahead and separate our names on the credit cards?  I think it would be wise.
Also, If you want to transfer Pahio to our joint account that is fine,  I would like to have Pahio.
When you come up, if you want to come to work here and get the car and give me the truck keys, we can do that.  Just let me know.
Thanks,
C
Everyone keeps asking my why I am grinning today. I thought I was playing it pretty straight 
It's all good 
Dear Mom,
I just want you to know that I love you VERY much.  You still mean as much to me now as ever. I am your family whether I am married to Dave or not.  You are an example of kindness and giving, and one of the most special women on the planet as far as I am concerned.
I have been kind of keeping quiet because I know how much Dave needs you right now, and I don't want to say anything that would diminish him in your eyes. Part of the reason that I waited as long as I did to do this is that I desperately wanted one last family Thanksgiving where nobody has to choose who can come or feel strange or anything. 
Dave has decided to stay with Bob and Sandi, and just come up to deal with the vending machines.  I am glad, things are very tense and weird.  I just want to get everything settled. He seems like he is getting angry, and I don't like that.  He told me he wants me to keep the truck instead of the car because everytime he looks at the truck he feels like it is a betrayal. I got him this truck to help him with his business. Wanna buy a brand new truck?
Anyway,  it will all work out and we will all get thru this .  I have a new cell phone number, please feel free to call me, and I will probably call you tonight just to touch base and let you know I love you.
503/810-1105
Love,
C
My boss just said "It's all good".  I laughed my ass off
Hey , is there any way on the face of the earth that I can get ahold of one of the remaining Drexler basketballs?
Cool!  No problem.  We plan to buy something nice (like your bath goody idea) for each of the mothers', so this works!
You're awesome!
Julie K
I threw the tree tag away, but I gave Lynn a bunch of bath goodies in the handle bag.
Hello all!
First, thank you for your generosity this holiday season, especially during this difficult time. Your gifts and donations will help bring holiday cheer into the lives of our three adopted families.
If you have chosen a gift tag from the tree: 
Please make sure your gift is clearly labeled with the recipient's name and a description of the gift. (We want to insure that all of the children have received gifts We ask that all gifts be wrapped and under the tree by Tuesday, December 18th. 
Also, if you have not already dropped the half of the gift tag into the red/gold box by the tree, please do so. This will not only allow us to keep track of who is purchasing what and for whom, but it will also enter your name into the drawing for Blazer tickets.
Once again, we appreciate your participation in our Enron Elves Event. If you have any questions or suggestions about ways we can help make our adopted families' holiday even more jolly, please let us know.
Happy Holidays!
The Roberts Children
Selena (9 year-old girl)
Sam (5 year-old boy)
The Zurita Children
Felipe (13 year-old boy)
Carolina (8 year-old girl)
Kimberly (5 year-old girl)
The Pruitt Children
Laveria (3 year-old girl)
Deltric (11 month-old boy)
I am so glad you got internet service at home!  Earthlink is good.
Have a wonderful time in Florida, I liked it bunches when I went.  Things are strange here, Dave is still very upset but is starting to trend toward anger now. He wants me to take the truck because he sees it as a betrayal that I got it for him a couple of months ago.  OK. I have a truck now and he has the car.  Wanna buy a truck?  He is also not wanting to be at home, which is fine with me. It is so tense and weird right now that I am glad to have the house to myself.  I don't really want to be there either.
I have been keeping busy with friends, they have been so good to me during this. I went to a Seattle Seahawks game yesterday at the University Stadium, and thought about those trips up there to sit with you all during Scotty's surgeries. Seattle was nice, but it was a long day and horrbile horrible rain. Our seats were in the upper stadium away from the wind so we were dry. I have a movie Tomorrow and a party Wednesday. Tonight is just being home catching up on my laundry and my sleep.
I love you very much! Thanks for keeping me in your heart.
Cara
I threw the tree tag away, but I gave Lynn a bunch of bath goodies in the handle bag.
Hello all!
First, thank you for your generosity this holiday season, especially during this difficult time. Your gifts and donations will help bring holiday cheer into the lives of our three adopted families.
If you have chosen a gift tag from the tree: 
Please make sure your gift is clearly labeled with the recipient's name and a description of the gift. (We want to insure that all of the children have received gifts We ask that all gifts be wrapped and under the tree by Tuesday, December 18th. 
Also, if you have not already dropped the half of the gift tag into the red/gold box by the tree, please do so. This will not only allow us to keep track of who is purchasing what and for whom, but it will also enter your name into the drawing for Blazer tickets.
Once again, we appreciate your participation in our Enron Elves Event. If you have any questions or suggestions about ways we can help make our adopted families' holiday even more jolly, please let us know.
Happy Holidays!
The Roberts Children
Selena (9 year-old girl)
Sam (5 year-old boy)
The Zurita Children
Felipe (13 year-old boy)
Carolina (8 year-old girl)
Kimberly (5 year-old girl)
The Pruitt Children
Laveria (3 year-old girl)
Deltric (11 month-old boy)
I had to put all my OATI files in a secure non-UBS place, but it is 600 per month for up to 15 users, and 100 a month flat fee for faxing.
They are going to raise the rate to 750 per month to pay for the e-tag 1.7 upgrades.
My contact at OATI is Frank.Billington@oatiinc.com
or  kevin.burns@oatiinc.com
Thanks,
Cara
Cara,
Can you please provide the latest contract terms we have with OATI for the West.  I would think that we too could reduce our # of users and Tags being printed every month.
Thanks for your assistance - MO
ENSE, MDEA and East Power was $5425 for last month.  I'm trying to reduce the number of users and services that we don't require.  In the end the cost should be significantly less than this number.
The west has their own arrangements with OATI 
You will not require anything for the change over to etag 1.7 in march as OATI will take care of this as part of their services.
Kevin Burns from OATI will be in Houston on Feb 13th from 1-3 to discuss UBS services required and I would recommend that you have some one sit down and review the services that you will need going foreward.
Hope this helps. 
For passwords you can contact Don for MDEA & EPMIEA and Eric has the Genco ones.
Thanks.
Lloyd,
Paul and I are meeting with Bob Hall tomorrow morning to sort out what resources we need.  What is the cost per account for these and do these include Portland requirements as well?  Also, what do we need to do for the changeover to the new scheduling system in March 
Tom.
Corry, Don, Theresa and Tom.
I have asked OATI to reduce the number of accounts from 40 to 10 to reduce the costs for the estate.  Therefore I recommend we go down to the following accounts Enron01-10.
Please reply ASAP.
Thanks
Lloyd,
I am going to attach a document that contains the 40 users for EPMIE.
Please let me know which 30 users you would like me to delete, and I will
take care of that for you.  I will also let my billing department know to
change all of the contact information on your invoices to what you have
stated below.  Do you know if these are going to be the Entity names that
you will be using for UBS AG or will they be different.  Just let me know.
If you could let me know which users you would like deleted, I will get this
taken care of for you. [May, Tom Thank you,
Mary Tollefson
Support Technician
Open Access Technology Int'l, Inc.
(763) 553-2725 Phone
(763) 553-2908 Fax
Mary.Tollefson@oatiinc.com
CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION:  This email and any attachment(s) contain
confidential and/or proprietary information of Open Access Technology
International, Inc.  Do not copy or distribute without the prior written
consent of OATI.  If you are not a named recipient to the message, please
notify the sender immediately and do not retain the message in any form,
printed or electronic.
In   to the billing of Enron related OATI services please complete the
following starting February 1st.
Entity EPMIE - Enron Power Marketing, Inc.  PSE Name EPMIEA.
Please change the billing contact from Lloyd Will to Bob Hall (7138536956),
the billing address is the same.  Please also reduce the number of accounts
from 40 to 10.
Entity MDEA - Mississippi Delta Energy Agency.  PSE Name MDEA.  Please
change the billing contact from Lloyd Will to Bob Hall (7138536956), the
billing address is the same.
OATI WebOasis tool Please change the billing contact from Lloyd Will to Bob
Hall (7138536956), the billing address is the same.  (Used for TVA, Big
Rivers, Associated & East Kentucky.)
Entity ENSE - Enron SE .  CA Name ENNA  We no longer have these control
areas but require access to the account for final reporting reasons.  Please
change the billing contact from Lloyd Will to Bob Hall (7138536956), the
billing address is the same.
Please contact me at 713-853-3383 with any coordination or additional
details.
Thanks.
You have got to se this.  Mom
Monty and Jackie,
Thought you might like to see a "REALLY" BIG" "BEAR"!
Dad