Please see the attached memo regarding the Enron Advisory Council Meeting 
scheduled for 
September 16 & 17.
Forgive me if I have forgotten, but had you suggested a topic for our next 
advisory council meeting?
Although I realize some of you may not be able to join on such short notice, 
please try to participate in a conference call in preparation for the FERC 
meeting on Thursday.  I'd really like to have your input.
Date:   Wednesday, November 8
Time:   10 a.m. CST
Call in #:  888-422-7132
Host Code:  239900
Participant Code: 491703
Attached is the (near) final draft of the organization announcement 
If you have any comments, please contact me as soon as possible.
oops -- thanks
Ken Rice@MUNICATIONS
11/08/2000 08:33 AM
Steve
Only comment is that you have both Jeff and Ken named as CEO
Ken
Steven J Kean@
Sent by: Maureen McVicker@
11/08/00 08:23 AM
Attached is the (near) final draft of the organization announcement 
If you have any comments, please contact me as soon as possible.
print
Joe Hartsoe
11/01/2000 05:49 PM
Folks  -- Attached is a summary of the Commission's Order on California Constitutional Crisis here we come.  Later JOE
print
Joe Hartsoe
11/01/2000 11:14 AM
"Nancy Pickover"  	11/01/2000 11:13 AM
The order issued from today's meeting is attached.  It is approximately 80 
pages.
- EL00-95.1
=09Sanjay Bhatnagar@_DEVELOPMENT
=0911/08/2000 12:41 PM
=09=09
Steve:
I am discussing this draft below with Jeff Skilling. The present draft was=20
not agreed with me. I will get back wih you after my discussion with him.
Sanjay Bhatnagar, currently CEO of Enron India, has joined EBS as CEO for the=20
Middle East and Asia region. Sanjay will be responsible for building our=20
broadband business in this region and the current EBS team in the region will=20
report to Sanjay.  In this role, Sanjay will report to the EBS office of the=20
Chairman.  In addition, Sanjay will continue to remain responsible for Enron=01,
s wholesale energy business in India and will work at transitioning this=20
business into Enron Global Assets by March 31st, 2100 and integrating the=20
India Communication business into EBS.
Sanjay
Joe:
Steve asked that I pass the following request along to you 
Kathy Cash, reporter for McGraw Hill, called wanting Steve's comments on the 
regional market/policy info released by FERC today. 
Please follow up.  Her number is 202/383-2274.  Thanks.
Joyce for Steve
Do we have a sense for how many we can reach, how many we can't and where 
they are?  Are whole offices (eg Tokyo) unreachable or is it only those who 
have home offices?
Courtney Votaw
11/08/2000 11:02 AM
Mark and Steve- 
Erin Rice and I would like to meet with you to discuss the issues concerning 
BackWeb before we proceed.  As you can see from the Design Document, they are 
pretty significant.
Thanks,
Courtney
I appreciate you pressing this issue.  You should both be aware that 
Unocal(?) has been sued by the families of four employees who were shot in 
Pakistan a couple of years ago.  Their claim is that the company did not 
provide adequate security and ignored official warnings of trouble in the 
region.
Gabriel et al:
Looks like the risks to Enron travelers to (and employees in) Colombia have 
increased.  This is another indication that a 'travel policy' for travelers 
to Colombia should be in effect.  What happened to the one we were discussing 
earlier?  The steps outlined there would go a long way in improving the 
security of our travelers.
Control Risks' report discusses responses to the media - be sure you have the 
approval of Enron's media people before making any response.
The report also recommends suspending bidding on new projects - probably not 
viable advice, but reinforces the importance that additional security 
measures be built into all new projects from day one.
Now that our name is in front of the Colombian public, we could see 
retaliation for various acts, not all of which we have control over.  Recent 
US Government actions such as extraditing criminals to the US for trial and 
training Colombian anti-drug troops have done little to endear American 
businesses to the Colombian public, who see such actions as interfering with 
Colombia's right to govern themselves.  These actions have significantly 
raised the risk of all American companies and their employees in Colombia.
A meeting I had about two years ago with David Beddow of Control Risks in 
Bogota indicated that we could see some changes in the methods of attack in 
urban areas by FARC/ELN.  With an elevated risk level, we should begin 
thinking about these threats.  FARC seldom uses the car bomb method of attack 
because it generates little interest among the domestic or international 
media.  FARC plans on using letter bombs mailed to select targets, i.e., head 
of an American-owned corporation who may have an office in Bogota.  This 
method will generate headlines in the press and generate a fear of FARC among 
businessmen who may be targets.  Control Risks' reported timetable for this 
change in FARC's tactics was to be three to five years, but now that our risk 
is higher, the timetable may well be moved up.
On a related note - did you employ the security person we recommended?
Please let me know how I can help you.
,
Mike Hicks
Gabriel Sanchez-Sierra@_DEVELOPMENT
12/05/99 08:15 PM
FYI please find attached the "Security Assessment Report " carried out  by 
Control Risk  . Please let me have your feed back .GSS
Mark Carlson  Gabriel,
Please find attached Control Risks (Bogota) initial Security/Risk
Assessment of the issues/situation we discussed on Friday, November 26th.
I've also included our Risk Assessment Matrix that summarizes the issues
we've reviewed as part of our analysis.
Once you've had the opportunity to review the attached documents we can
further address the steps we  discussed at breaKfast concerning Control
Risks (Bogota) working more closely with Enron Colombia and our office
dedicating on-call resources to suppport you in Colombia.
,
Mark
MD Carlson
Deputy General Manager
Control Risks Group
Bogota, Colombia
- Enron.doc
- Enron Risk Assessment Matrix.doc
fyi
Below find the proposed message that we intend to send to all US employees=20
regarding the alleged "gifting clubs."  I wanted you to be aware of the=20
Company's position concerning these "gifting clubs" in the event that your=20
staff was to receive any questions concerning this matter.
Thank you.
Kriste Sullivan
EB 4861
Ext. 37557
=09Kriste Sullivan
=09Sent by: Tanja Murray
=0907/28/2000 06:14 PM
=09=09=20
Below find a draft of the All Employee communication regarding "gifting=20
clubs."  Please provide me with your comments.
Thank you.
=01&The Company has become aware that Company employees have been solicited for=20
participation in =01&gifting clubs.=018  These clubs appear to be illegal pyramid=20
schemes.  If you are approached about joining a club but aren=01,t sure if it=01,s=20
an illegal gifting club, contact the Better Business Bureau. =20
Please be advised that use of the Company=01,s premises without management=01,s=20
prior approval or use of any of the Company=01,s communication services=20
equipment (i.e. email, fax machines, telephones, etc.) for non-business=20
related ventures is against Company policy.=018
KKS/tmm
Kriste K. Sullivan
Enron Corp. Legal
1400 Smith, EB 4861
Houston, TX  77002
(713) 853-7557
(713) 646-5847 Fax
KSulliv@
calendar
Gerry Gibson has rescheduled this meeting
12/07/2000 03:00 PM Local Time
12/07/2000 05:00 PM Local Time
Title: Large Diversity Task Force Group Mtg w/Ken Lay - Exec. Board Room
Location:  -No room information available-
Chair:  Gerry Gibson/Corp/Enron
To (required): Connie F Estrems/NA/Enron@, Melissa 
Becker/Corp/Enron@, Sharon Butcher/Corp/Enron@, Stanley 
Horton/Corp/Enron@, Calvin Eakins/Corp/Enron@, Tom 
Delaney/Corp/Enron@, Brandon Rigney/Corp/Enron@, Dave 
Schafer/NA/Enron@, Gerry Chatham/Corp/Enron@, Kelly H 
Boots/HOU/ECT@ECT, Beth Perlman/HOU/ECT@ECT, Christie Patrick/HOU/ECT@ECT, 
Philippe A Bibi/HOU/ECT@ECT, Amit Walia/HOU/ECT@ECT, Bill 
Donovan/EPSC/HOU/ECT@ECT, Daniel 
Castagnola/ENRON_DEVELOPMENT@_DEVELOPMENT, Wanda 
LaBaume/ENRON_DEVELOPMENT@_DEVELOPMENT, Kelly H Boots/HOU/ECT@ECT, Linda 
Strahm/Enron Communications@munications, Rachael Tobor/HOU/EES@EES, 
Gerry Chatham/Corp/Enron@, James Mihalic/HOU/EES@EES, Gwynn 
Gorsuch/NA/Enron@, Donald Miller/Corp/Enron@, Paula 
Rieker/Corp/Enron@, Lohit Datta-Barua/OTS/Enron@, Gerry 
Gibson/Corp/Enron@, Cindy Olson/Corp/Enron@, Diane 
Bazelides/HOU/AZURIX@AZURIX, Gene Humphrey/HOU/ECT@ECT, Jeffrey A 
Shankman/HOU/ECT@ECT, Joseph W Sutton/ENRON_DEVELOPMENT@_DEVELOPMENT, 
Elizabeth Tilney/HOU/EES@EES, Steven J Kean/NA/Enron@, Brian 
Schaffer/Corp/Enron@, Vanessa Groscrand/Corp/Enron@, Deborah 
Arango/HOU/EES@EES, Zakiyyah McClure/HOU/EES@EES, Daniel 
Brown/NA/Enron@, Ranendra Sengupta/ENRON_DEVELOPMENT@_DEVELOPMENt, 
Rick L Carson/HOU/ECT@ECT
cc (optional 
for meeting file
Cindy Olson@
08/14/2000 08:51 AM
Sent by: Bobbie Power@
See attached memo.
thanks for your help in preparing for the Texas hearing.  I think Texas 
legislators are viewing the California experience in the proper context and I 
think I was at least marginally articulate on the emissions issues as well.
thanks again.
Please see the attached documents.
Mandelker document
Dasovich document
Luntz documents
- PRINCIPLES 4 with notes.doc
- Pro-Dereg - revised.doc
- Pro-Reg-revised.doc
D. Haug's Response - Steve Kean Talking Points
I think this is a fine attempt, but I continue to believe that a pure 
relative ranking offers the most flexibility and is more like the way the 
process works in practice.  A separate list of desired behaviors, criteria 
etc can be used to guide discussion but I believe the ranking itself should 
remain purely relative.
Gina Corteselli
09/14/2000 06:04 PM
All;
Aattached are a draft of the PRC cluster descriptors which we discussed 
several weeks back.  I has sent a first draft to Michelle and Dick, and both 
had some suggestions which I have tried to incorporate.  I am still awaiting 
Dick and Michelle's impressions of the below, but also  look forward to your 
impressions and input. Likewise I would appreciate your input on whether or 
not we need to change the ratings on the feedback forms to numerical ratings 
1-5 to mimic the clusters.  look forward to hearing from you,  Many thanks, 
Gina
Gina Corteselli
09/14/2000 05:03 PM
Dick; here is another try at the descriptors.  I tried to apply the 
information you provided and to describe qualities of an employee's 
performance . I'm  not sure whether this is any better, but would appreciate 
your input.  What I am finding most challenging writing descriptors which are 
interchangeable with all levels and job groups within the company.  The 
behaviors these describe and measure need to be general in nature so that 
they can apply to a VP and an admin assistant, as well as to all four Peer 
Groups within Enron 
Likewise, I would appreciate your thoughts on the necessity/value of changing 
the feedback forms to reflect the same numerical ratings.  presently the 
feedback forms use the same descriptors as the cluster (i.e. Superior Issues).  In your opinion should these also be 1-5 ratings with one = to 
highest and 5= to lowest in scale I look forward to hearing your thoughts and impressions.  You may either 
e-mail me or call me on 713 345-3377.  Many thanks in advance, Gina 
2 = Relative to his/her peers this employee drives change, demonstrates 
vision and values, displays resourcefulness when faced with unexpected 
challenges, and comprehends and effectively uses the business and technical 
skills required to perform his/her job.
3 = Relative to his/her peers this employee supports innovation and 
improvement, understands Enron's vision and values, and continues to develop 
the core skills and business/technical skills necessary to satisfy the 
requirements of his/her position 
4 = Relative to his/her peers this employee accepts change, demonstrates some 
independent thinking and can apply resources and business and technical 
skills to adequately perform his/her job.
5 = Relative to his/her peers this employee has difficulty accepting change lacks resourcefulness, offers minimal contribution and  does not demonstrate 
the skills or knowledge to fulfill the responsibilities of the position  This 
employee must make changes or termination is likely.
I share your perceptions of Jose, though I don't have as much contact as you 
do.  I know also from some recent discussions with Rick (who has also had a 
fair amount of contact with Jose) that he has very positive views on Jose's 
work.  I think we should make a concerted effort to get the feedback and have 
a good discussion about Jose at year end to ensure that he is properly ranked.
James M Bannantine@_DEVELOPMENT
10/03/2000 07:13 PM
Delivery Failure Report
Your document:	Re: Questions for Executive Business Review- URGENT
was not delivered to:	Steven J Kean@EES
because:	User Steven J Kean (Steven J Kean@) not listed in public 
Name & Address Book
What should you do?
You can resend the undeliverable document to the recipients listed above by 
choosing the Resend button or the Resend command on the Actions menu Once you have resent the document you may delete this Delivery Failure Report.
If resending the document is not successful you will receive a new failure 
report
Unless you receive other Delivery Failure Reports, the document was 
successfully delivered to all other recipients.
EDC_NMAIL01/ENRON_DEVELOPMENT, EI-NHUB01/ENRON_DEVELOPMENT, EESHOU-HUB/EES, 
EESHOU-HUB/EES, EI-NHUB01/ENRON_DEVELOPMENT, EDC_NMAIL01/ENRON_DEVELOPMENT
________________________
This is a good summary of the scope of Jose's responsibilities and the value 
he manages.  This obviously takes a lot of my time as well because of its 
importance, in some ways  like you or Stan Horton, in terms of drivers of my 
P&L.  However, Jose manages this pretty much on his own without much 
involvement from Houston (it is a local effort by its nature), which was the 
point I was making at the PRC.  He has a good grasp of the commercial, 
regulatory and political elements of all of this and keeps them all balanced 
well.  He is methodical and systematic (which can also be perceived as not 
especially dynamic), and English is really his second language, which may 
have hurt him in the PRC.  He is on the job I would wager as much as 80 hours 
a week.  Do we have anyone at his level with as much or more responsibility 
elsewhere in the company?
Jose Bestard
10/03/2000 09:05 AM
FYI-  For  Steve Kean to prepare for their Executive Business Review with 
Jeff Skilling and Ken Lay on this Wednesday, Oct 4th
Jose Bestard
10/02/2000 11:02 PM
John.
1) I am attaching a power point file of the key issues we are following in 
the regulatory group as of now. I highlighted a few to further discuss.  See 
below.
2) I am enclosing the descriptors for the items I highlighted.
Jose
Jose:
Jim Steffes, Gia Maisashvili and I  are helping Rick Shapiro and Steve Kean 
prepare for their Executive Business Review with Jeff Skilling and Ken Lay on 
this Wednesday, Oct 4th.  Some of the "success stories" that we want to 
include have originated in your region, and we want to be sure that we have 
the proper information on each of the listed activities.
We need to talk today because of the time sensitivity involved here - I will 
give you a call this morning.
Thanks, Jose-
John 
Regulatory Risk Management   -   Firm Numbers
Elektro EBIDTA Recovery     $50,000,000
Cuiaba Bolivian Natural Gas Export Permit   $91,000,000
Transredes Deferred Account      $100,000,000
Transredes Administrative Rule 411/99 + 412/99  $21,600,000
Puerto Suarez Brazilian Electricity Import Permit  $150,000,000
I realize the group may go a different way with this, but I remain convinced 
that we should go to a pure number system (ie a pure relative ranking) and 
use the behaviors and skills descriptions as a way of discussing the 
differences between people.  Just adding the qualifier "relative to peers" 
glosses over what's really going on.  The behavior and skill descriptors tell 
everyone what is valued here and guide the discussion.  The relative ranking 
lets us have the flexibility to meet business needs by getting tighter or 
"looser" on performance rankings, terminations, and comp.
Gina Corteselli
10/16/2000 01:31 PM
Steve, 
We have revised the PRC Cluster descriptors again, in an attempt to include 
"relativity" into the language.  Likewise,  for consistency we opted  not to 
change them too drastically at the year end.  Instead we will look at making 
other changes (for example, reducing the number of clusters from 6 to 5 
and/or changing the wording)  at the mid-year 2001.
The VP PRC Committee had a chance to look at the revised clusters at last 
week's meeting.  However, I apologize that I did not send them to you in 
advance of that meeting 
Cindy has asked me to send them to the Executive Committee after you have had 
a chance to review them 
Please let me know what you think 
Thanks in advance,
Gina Corteselli
Response from Steve Kean:
Ken will be cosponsoring the event and asked us to do a PAC contribution.  I 
think your points are most valid and we'll reduce to $2,000.
Joe Hillings
10/24/2000 03:07 PM
Joe Hillings
Enron
1775 Eye Street, NW
Suite 800
Washington, DC  20006
202-466-9145
202-828-3372 (fax)
email:  jhillin@
Steve: I understand that you are considering a $3,500 Enron PAC contribution 
to Congresswoman Shiela Jackson Lee. Chris and Citigroup co-hosted an event 
for Shiela last August in Washington which raised $17,000. Additionally, 
Enron PAC contributed $1,500 for her primary race (she had no race) and 
$1,000 for the general election. Her opposition is nominal. We have also 
handled various personal requests for her such as tickets to Enron Field. 
She has been helpful on several issues this year such as H1-B Visa and was in 
India with President Clinton at which she spoke to the Power Minister in a 
helpful way. Ken Lay and others jawboned her to get her vote in favor of PNTR 
for China although I think she was bargaining with everyone as she frequently 
does. Chris Long has developed a good relationship with Shiela but she seldom 
seeks us out and I think her "delayed" position on PNTR for China was 
unbecoming a representative from Houston. Houston will gain from PNTR for 
China. 
I would recommend a maximum of $2,000 to go along with our recommendation 
that she be more attentive to our positions on leading issues. 
Joe
Please see attached.
After you put Ken's signature on this, please email it to Joe Hartsoe.  Also 
send it via email to Dan Watkiss - his email address is 
dwatkiss@bracepatt.com
Thanks.
I think paul has a number of good suggestions here.  I think that tying 
rankings to clear objectives does not reflect the fluidity of our charge, 
though, and will lead to expectations which may not be met.  I also feel 
strongly that the ranking needs to be a relative one -- I would go to a pure 
number system.  We are going to need to assess at each PRC whether the 
organization is strong (in which case I think it's ok to have a 
disproportionate number of high ratings) or whether the organization has 
weaknesses that force us to grade tougher.  You don't get that in an absolute 
system with preset expectations.  I think your group in particular has done a 
good job of emphasizing team work ( and punishing those who don't play well) 
so we need not create a competitive or jockeying environment so long as that 
emphasis is communicated explicitly.
I agree with Paul's points about giving clear, specific feed back (though I 
don't think we can give a clear target for what one must accomplish to be 
superior).  I also like the idea of the abbreviated mid year PRC to deal with 
those we need to counsel more vigorously.  I'm not sure we can get away with 
it but I am willing to give it a shot.
I think Paul is to be complimented for taking time to focus on the larger 
organizational issues .... very vice presidential of him... no overstepping 
of bounds ... quite the contrary.
Richard Shapiro@EES
10/31/2000 02:52 PM
Can we discuss?
Paul Kaufman@ECT
10/27/2000 07:04 PM
Here's my effort to respond to the PRC discussion we had in Kohler 
The criteria for evaluating folks is at the end of the presentation ... but I 
took the liberty to go a bit further and comprehensively address the PRC 
process.    Hope I didn't overstep my bounds 
I'm around today, as well as Monday (ENA meeting most of the day) and 
Tuesday, but then traveling in Reno, Las Vegas and San Francisco for the 
remainder of the week.   I'd welcome the opportunity to discuss the reasoning 
and rationale behind the document 
As I said on my voice mail, I circulated the document to the attendees at 
Kohler (with the exception of Sue L. and Linda R.).  I've had feedback from a 
number of the attendees, but I can't call it a consensus document.
As always, thanks for the opportunity to make suggestions like this 
Please check schedule and respond
"Andrew Horsman"  	11/06/2000 10:58 AM
Dear Mr. Kean,
In the effort to schedule the first meeting of the Advisory Board of the 
CEC's Initiative on North American Electricity Restructuring and the 
Environment we are proposing the following three dates:
1. Thursday January 11th, 2001
2. Tuesday January 16th, 2001
3. Thursday January 18th, 2001
Due to the difficulties with finding one date that will allow everyone to 
attend the meeting, we will select a date based on the greatest number of 
participants who can attend. For those who will not be able to attend the 
meeting on the selected date, we will try and find an alternative such as a 
conference-call link. 
The one-day meeting will take place at the CEC's offices in Montreal, Quebec, 
Canada, and the CEC will be happy to cover the costs associated with your 
attendence at the meeting. 
If you have any questions please do not hesitate to contact me at 
ahorsman@ccemtl.org, or at 514-350-4335. We look forward to seeing you in 
January.
Andrew Horsman
I understood the "validation" process to be a fairly flexible name applied to 
a wide variety of approaches.  What we specifically discussed, and what scott 
s. left prepared and committed to do, involved looking at individual curves, 
the assumptions underlying them and some process (yet to be specifically 
determined) for addressing updates.  We agreed to start with the top 20 
curves and especially those which are involved in the upcoming deals.
I think the confusion is in what the term validation means.  In the ENA 
context it means one thing; in this context it means what we discussed (which 
was in Jim's memo and, as you'll recall, we went through point-by-point Let's just get this done.
James D Steffes
04/18/2000 03:46 PM
Scott 
We should talk about what was agreed to at the meeting 
My discussions with others indicated that both (a) a curve validation process 
and (b) a deal-by-deal review would be undertaken.  The deal-by-deal review 
is especially critical during the implementation of a structured curve 
validation process.  In addition, even when the curve validation process is 
fully up and running, we should continue looking at major position impacts in 
new transactions.  There are many curves to review.  It seems reasonable to 
look at the critical rate curves as appropriate.
Let me know.
Jim Steffes
Scott Gahn
04/15/2000 07:25 AM
In the interest of clarity:  It was agreed that ongoing curve validation 
consistent with that followed on wholesale curves would be instituted.  It 
was further agreed that certain information would be provided by Scott 
Stoness to get this process going.  Such ongoing validation should make the 
impractical deal-by-deal review described below both redundant and 
unnecessary. 
I assume the list below did not contemplate the type of curve validation 
process we discussed and agreed to at the meeting.
As mentioned in yesterday's meeting, below are Jim Steffes' comments relative 
to what information should be presented to Government Affairs when EES brings 
a deal to RAC.
James D Steffes@EES
04/09/2000 12:11 PM
I received word late last week that Dave Gorte (works for Rick Buy) is 
setting up a meeting to discuss the process under which EES will have its 
deals considered by RAC.
I think that we should argue that the following package of information be 
pre-assembled and provided to Govt Affairs when EES brings a deal to RAC:
1. List of each position by utility and by rate class within the deal 
2. Regulated Rate forecasts by utility and by rate class for each position in 
the deal.  Not just the "scalars" but also the absolute $/Mwh.
3. For each impacted position, the key assumptions contained within the 
curves  a. deregulation date (if any)
b. stranded cost roll-off date (if any)
c. standard offer end date (if any)
d. other rate reduction dates and amounts (if any)
4. Revenue side or Cost side contract terms that impact the deal (for 
example, movement in pricing terms given some event)
I also think that we should have at least 3 working days to review this 
package 
If anyone can think of anything else that would ease our analysis, I would be 
game.
Thanks.
JDS
I will be getting back from Washington late today, but will be in early in 
the morning (evening your time).  Give me a call
Nicholas O'Day
11/06/2000 03:41 AM
Steve, 
Is it possible to have 30 minutes of your time sometime this week to discuss 
by phone an issue relating to the performance evaluation process?  Apologies 
for being cryptic - this is something that I had hoped to talk with you face 
to face about when you were in Tokyo.
kind  
congratulations on a great launch!  The US press on the office opening has 
been great.  If you haven't seen it, get in touch with Ann Schmidt.
Nicholas O'Day
11/02/2000 04:15 AM
Preliminary figures for the Enron Japan website are looking promising. Since 
its launch on Tuesday, we have had 4000 page hits, with an average of 320 
site hits per day and an average stay of 20 minutes.
Advertising to date has been limited to the 300 guests at the office opening 
and the office opening press conference. We will be increasing awareness of 
the site over the coming weeks, mainly through word of mouth, and will 
finalize the articles for next month's edition in a couple of weeks.
kind  
Just FYI.  These guys did a great job on the polling here, but I can't speak 
to their other qualifications or their California ties.
"Michael D. Baselice"  	11/09/2000 09:03 AM
Please respond to "mikeb@baselice.com"
1. Thank you for all your support on the Arena Proposition.
2. The following article reminded me to pass along a note about a PR/PA 
firm in California who Baselice & Associates worked with this year in 
passing Prop 35 (a contracting out initiative).  The firm is a full service 
firm named Woodward & McDowell.  They have been active in California 
legislative and initiative battles for some 20 years and I highly recommend 
them if Enron is in search of support with the electric deregulation fight 
out there.  Dick Woodward or Dave Fogarty can be reached at 650-340-0470.
If you have any questions, please call.
Mike
MICHAEL BASELICE
Baselice & Associates, Inc.
4131 Spicewood Springs Road
Suite O-2
Austin, TX  78759
Phone: (512) 345-9720
Fax: (512) 345-9740
email: mikeb@baselice.com
November 8, 2000
Calif Regulators,Grid Oper In Turf War Over Generation By JASON LEOPOLD Of 
DOW JONES NEWSWIRES LOS ANGELES-California's electricity regulators and 
power-grid operator are locked in a turf war over who has the authority to 
order new power plant construction next summer to ensure the state has 
enough juice on hand when demand soars.
The California Public Utilities Commission says it can bring emergency 
power on line at a fraction of the cost that the Independent System 
Operator is expected to pay independent power producers for the same 
service.
Under it's plan, PG&E Corp. (PCG) unit Pacific Gas & Electric Co., Edison 
International's (EIX) Southern California Edison unit and Sempra Energy's 
(SRE) San Diego Gas & Electric Co. were ordered to submit documents by the 
end of November stating whether they can build and operate "peaking" plants 
by June 1.
The utilities weren't immediately available to comment.
On the other hand, the ISO - which is on the verge of signing contracts for 
440 peaking units with between 20 and 91 megawatts of electricity - says 
the commission's meddling could endanger any chance of additional resources 
coming on line in time.
"Any further interference on the state level could destroy the plan 
altogether," said an ISO source close to the issue. "There is no guarantee 
the utilities will be able to pull this off by next summer. And if the 
whole project is scrapped, you can expect there will be blackouts."
Interference by federal regulators has already cost the ISO two 
participants and nearly 600 megawatts in its peaking program.
Calpine Corp. (CPN) and Enron (ENE) initially agreed to build peaking 
plants for the ISO next summer, but withdrew their offers after the Federal 
Energy Regulatory Commission proposed capping the clearing price for 
California's wholesale electricity market at $150 a megawatt-hour.
The ISO, which operates one of the state's wholesale power markets and 
manages most of the high-voltage transmission grid, has already solicited 
and received bids from merchant generators for 1,800 megawatts of new 
peaking power for next summer.
Burned by the summer's power crisis and facing an 8,000-MW shortfall next 
summer, the ISO put out a request for bids in August. The ISO's board voted 
Oct. 30 to enter into the contracts, which it estimated would cost about 
$250 million a year for three years.
The state's Electricity Oversight Board, which oversees the performance of 
the ISO, and the Public Utilities Commission protested the decision on the 
grounds that the contracts were too expensive.
The commission is also questioning whether there is even a need for peaking 
power next summer and, if there is, whether the ISO should handle the 
solicitation.
"The question also arises as to whether the ISO - which is empowered only 
to operate the state's transmission system and which does not represent the 
state or its consumers - is the appropriate organization to plan, solicit 
and pay for the construction of new power plants across the state," the 
commission wrote in its Nov. 2 order.
Ind the end, the decision is up to state regulators. If utilities can come 
up with a cheaper alternative and if the regulators determine that 
additional generation is needed by next summer, then they will follow 
through with the utilities proposal.
Thank you
David Rosenberg
11/09/2000 07:35 AM
Congratulations.  Next stop the top.
Unbelievable ... 130K/month?
Richard Shapiro
11/06/2000 10:04 AM
Here's the info on D.C. office.
Carolyn Cooney
10/17/2000 06:40 AM
Rick,
As per your request.  If you have any questions please let me know.
Thank you,
Carolyn
Carolyn Cooney
10/27/2000 02:36 PM
Rick,
As per your request.  If you have any questions please let us know.
Thanks,
Carolyn
Wendy Gramm (an Enron Board member) referred Jay Valesquez(sp?) to Jeff 
Skilling about an event in Dallas for  Senator Lugar.  The event is Sunday 
November 19 and Jeff is out of town.  Would you please give Jay a call and 
decide what we should do?
Jay's number is 202-973-5980
Sandi deserves time off and she shouldn't have an obligation to do e-mail 
while she is out.  Further,  I was only copying her on messages that many 
others received (so I don't need to hear back from her).  But, if this is a 
standard message going out to everyone while the fires continue to rage in 
California, I think it leaves a bad impression.  Can we find a way to direct 
urgent requests to someone else in the office or to someone on our external 
lobby team?
Sandra McCubbin
11/10/2000 01:00 AM
I will be out of the office starting  11/09/2000 and will not return until 
11/27/2000.
I will respond to your message when I return.
Per my voicemail, attached is a proposed "statement" to open the Executive 
Committee meeting on Monday.
Sarah Novosel
11/08/2000 09:44 AM
Here is Part I of the Staff report (on Calfornia).
Sarah Novosel
11/08/2000 09:39 AM
Steve:
Here is Part II of the Staff report (covering the rest of the country).  We 
are downloading part I of the report (on California) and will send it to you 
in a couple of minutes.
Sarah
"Jackie Gallagher"  	11/08/2000 09:13 AM
Attached is the second part of the FERC staff report.  It can also be found 
on the FERC web site, www.ferc.fed.us.
Jacqueline Gallagher
Research/Policy Assistant
Electric Power Supply Association
1401 H Street, NW
Suite 760
Washington, DC  20005
202.789.7200
202.789.7201
jgallagher@epsa.org
- ercot.PDF
"Jackie Gallagher"  	11/08/2000 09:20 AM
Attached is the entire Part II of the FERC staff report on bulk power 
markets.  The report can also be found on the FERC web site, at 
www.ferc.fed.us.
Jacqueline Gallagher
Research/Policy Assistant
Electric Power Supply Association
1401 H Street, NW
Suite 760
Washington, DC  20005
202.789.7200
202.789.7201
jgallagher@epsa.org
- southeast.pdf
- midwest.pdf
- northeast.pdf
- reportcover.pdf
- ercot.PDF
"North American Summit Team"  	11/10/2000 03:34 PM
Please respond to ibarreto
[[ MAPI 1.0 storage : 5435 in winmail.dat 
NARUC and DOE are the hosting the North American Summit on Harmonizing
Business Practices in Energy Restructuring in Dallas, Texas, on November 29
to December 1.  This email is an update on recent developments in the
Summit.
Newly confirmed speakers include Commissioner Linda Breathitt, Federal
Energy Regulatory Commission; Rep. Joe Barton (R-Texas), chairman of the
House Energy and Power Subcommittee; Phil Sharp, Lecturer in Public Policy,
Kennedy School of Government, Harvard University; Kurt Yaeger, president and
CEO, Electric Power Research Institute; Bob Anderson, commissioner, Montana
Public Service Commission; Karen O'Neill, vice president for new markets,
GreenMountain.com; Steve Ward, public advocate, Maine Attorney General's
office; Donato Eassay, vice president, securities research and economics,
Merrill Lynch; Rick Rumbarger, president and CEO, PowerTrust.com; Kathleen
Magruder, Vice President, Government Affairs, The New Power Company (a joint
venture of IBM, Enron, and AOL)
We have established a bulletin board for the Summit.  You can access the
bulletin board through the following link:
The Forums
in this board will permit you to ask questions or raise issues for the
speakers on each of the panels at the Summit.
You can register for the Summit at
Information on reserving a room a the Adams Mark is at
Please forward this email to colleagues who may be interested in the subject
of the Summit.
Thanks!
Isabel Barreto
North American Summit Coordinator
Center for the Advancement of Energy Markets
5765-F Burke Center Parkway (PMB333)
Burke, VA 22015-2233
Voicemail and Fax: (703) 234-3373
E-mail: ibarreto@caem.org
Thanks!
Isabel Barreto
North American Summit Coordinator
Center for the Advancement of Energy Markets
5765-F Burke Center Parkway (PMB333)
Burke, VA 22015-2233
Voicemail and Fax: (703) 234-3373
E-mail: ibarreto@caem.org
- winmail.dat
Let's process this request.  I think it's justified.
Richard Shapiro
04/17/2000 09:33 AM
Please call on Wednesday to discuss so we can bring to closure. Thanks.
Sandra McCubbin
04/11/2000 06:16 PM
I am in complete agreement with you..this was for a total of $150 and was 
given at the request of a powerful woman senator, who is the sponsor of this 
program..if it had been for more money I would have not have contributed, but 
the 17 women members that were there are of importance to us.
Eliz -- does this allocation reflect the cuts we have already made?
David W Delainey@ECT
11/10/2000 01:04 PM
Steve, I noticed that our allocation from 2000 to 2001 is going up by 21% 
year on year (ie) $13.9M from $11.5M.  We have been able to keep ENA's direct 
group expenses flat year on year, we are trying hard to keep the corporate 
allocation flat year to year as well.  Do you have a view on how we might be 
able to achieve this goal?
Delainey
Don't worry about it ... sorry for putting you back on speaker.  I just 
wanted Sue to hear (she enjoys utility bashing so much).  Thanks for the 
comment on the hearing.  In some respects I don't think the first panel could 
have gone much better;  everyone thanked FERC for intervening (though for 
different reasons).  The other staff reports are also looking good.  Scott 
Miller has been a godsend -- somebody not afraid to tell it like it is.
Jeff Dasovich
Sent by: Jeff Dasovich
11/10/2000 12:33 PM
I apologize if I offended anyone.  Please let them know that I was simply 
quoting the CEO of a large, regulated utility in  California.  Thanks for 
attributing the quote to me.  You did a great job at the hearing----it went 
decidely downhill after you left.
Best,
Jeff
Does she have any interest in meeting one-on-one or is she just looking for a 
public hanging?  I remain convinced that if we can just get the facts in 
front of people they will modulate their approach.
Jeff Dasovich
Sent by: Jeff Dasovich
11/10/2000 12:21 PM
Given the short notice, we will politely decline to participate at the 
hearing on Monday, but will let the good Senator know that, in general, we 
intend to engage actively in the process and plan to help California find a 
solution that works for everybody.  Amen.
See below.  Can we get some help on the IBM issues?
Erin Rice
11/10/2000 11:08 AM
Steve:
At this point, our IT contacts are backpedalling a bit and suggesting they 
can overcome the TIBCO and Terminal Server problems.  There are still four 
important issues, however:
IT still cannot commit to transferring messages across domains.  This means 
that messages initiated at Corp and intended for the entire Enron 
organization will not reach any business units outside the Corp domain.
No messages will reach the EES organization unless IBM agrees not to use 
their proprietary message delivery tool, WebSphere, and will use WebLogic 
instead.  WebLogic is required by BackWeb, although it is designed by a 
separate company.
HR, intended to be a key user of this tool, will not use BackWeb because 
survey responses cannot be made anonymous.  HR has already purchased a tool 
called CONFIRMIT that can execute anonymous surveys.
Messages will not be delivered simultaneously to all users in the same 
domain, nor will they be delivered for two to five hours after they are sent 
by the message administrator.
Another thing to consider is that these messages will be set to expire and 
disappear within a set period of time, meaning users cannot retrieve them and 
read them later (as they can with e-mail).  This means that I could be away 
from the office for several days and miss a message entirely, because it 
would have expired and disappeared by the time I returned.
The plain fact is that a few members of IT are pushing this initiative, but 
they lack commercial sponsorship.  They are hoping Corp will foot the bill 
for a pilot which will allow them to fully test this tool before implementing 
it company-wide.
Please let us know if you have additional questions.
- er
Steven J Kean
11/09/2000 11:35 AM
Do we have a sense for how many we can reach, how many we can't and where 
they are?  Are whole offices (eg Tokyo) unreachable or is it only those who 
have home offices?
Courtney Votaw
11/08/2000 11:02 AM
Mark and Steve- 
Erin Rice and I would like to meet with you to discuss the issues concerning 
BackWeb before we proceed.  As you can see from the Design Document, they are 
pretty significant.
Thanks,
Courtney
calendar
Paul Kaufman@ECT
Sent by: Lysa Akin@ECT
11/10/2000 05:59 PM
Paul Kaufman has asked me to set a conference call to review the FERC Meeting 
that was held Thursday, Nov. 9th.
Please be advised that I have set the call as follows:
Date:  Monday, Nov. 13th
Time:  11:30am / 1:30pm Central / 2:30pm Eastern
Call In #: 888-422-7132
Pin #:  411507
Pin # for Paul Kaufman ONLY: 362416
If you have any questions, please call 503/464-7927.
Lysa Akin
Ass't. to Paul Kaufman
There are a few other issues we need to look into:
Larcamp told Hartsoe and I after the meeting that FERC may clarify that the 
price caps and reporting obligations apply only to bids into the PX and ISO 
-- ie no bilateral transaction will be subject to the requirements.  He asked 
if knowing this would change any of our views (esp peaking plants, though I 
suspect it's already too late for that).  My gut reaction is that so long as 
the market continues to clear through the centralized exchanges this 
"exemption" for bilateral transactions won't matter much, but let's think it 
through.  Is EOL or APX an alternative?
Massey specifically asked us to address forward markets in our comments Specifically, "has FERC done everything it can to encourage forward market 
development?"  In addition to any other points we might make, I think we 
should argue that "PJMing" the market won't facilitate and may even hinder 
forward market development.  Also, we should advocate actions by FERC that 
take away second-guessing by the CPUC in order to reduce utility fears about 
contracting forward.
We have to give the Commission a way out on price caps.  We need to think 
through whether there is something we can live with here, or we should take 
the approach I took in my testimony:  FERC should encourage the state to 
provide rate protection for selected customer classes by putting those 
requirements up for bid (ie get the utility out of the commodity business as 
much as possible).
Finally, on governence issues we should argue for a narrowe role for the ISO 
as a way of diffusing the emotional governence debate.  Analogy:  if the ISO 
is simply the air traffic controller all parties will simply be interested in 
retaining the most technically competent people (not hiring or appointing 
their lackies or friends).  So long as the ISO has a role in setting prices, 
acquiring supplies or running the market, it is destined to be controversial 
and highly politicized.  Those functions should be left to the market.
Mary Hain@ECT
11/10/2000 11:13 AM
For purposes of our discussions, Alan and I have put together an outline of 
issues raised in the FERC meeting today that we might consider putting in our 
comments to FERC.  Our written comments would also include the issues we have 
already raised in our white paper and our oral comments at FERC.  Of course 
to the extent we have discussed things in our white paper we could simply 
cite the paper.  Given the potentially long list of issues to be addressed, I 
haved left a voice mail asking Seabron if he is available to help Alan.
per voicemail
Mike.Train@emrsn.com
11/09/2000 02:41 PM
Steve,
Thanks for arranging a great afternoon yesterday - - I very much enjoyed our
conversation on people and idea generation as well as gaining a good
overview of Enron's key businesses. The tour was extremely educational and
we had a good discussion with Nate Ellis on Retail Services at the end of
the day.
I like your idea of getting the top executives together at some point soon -
- I know our Chairman, Chuck Knight, would be very fascinated with the
transformation at Enron and your business models for future growth. He also
loves to share and contrast different management processes and I think all
involved would take away some ideas to consider. David Farr, our new CEO,
would gain much from such an interaction and hopefully the establishment of
a long relationship between our firms and executive teams.
On top of this, I see a tremendous potential for our firms to work together
in a number of key areas where our product and service technologies would
complement the Enron offering of market making and risk management. I
appreciate your offer to help navigate some contacts to evaluate some of
these opportunities. Some initial impressions include:
* Evaluating the use of Energy Services on a broad scale at Emerson
operations
* Evaluating the solution package that we could jointly put together for
industrial customers with your Energy Services group and our remotely
controllable transfer switch, UPS and back-up power technologies that would
permit remote (Enron) control of whether a site is on/off the grid or even
selling power back to the grid.
* Evaluate the potential packages of Emerson systems, measuring devices,
control elements, power diagnostic, remote monitoring and visualization
products and technologies for use with Energy Services contract offerings -
- especially in specific vertical markets such as retail stores, grocery
stores, pipelines, paper plants,  semiconductor fabs, etc. We have over 2000
service and solutions people spread throughout USA and other world markets
which could support this effort.
* Enron Broadband Services is already a primary user of Emerson fiber optic
conduit, precision air conditioning, UPS, and other power and connectivity
products and services - - we can evaluate how we can extend our technology
platform to support the bandwidth market making activity and the content
offering of Enron.
* I also see some potential for Enron finance and risk management in
international infrastructure projects such as the Caspian Sea gas
development - - where it looks like there will be 30+ years of gas
production - - some of the local customers who are intrigued with embracing
our new PlantWeb Fields technologies for better yield/uptime/asset
management have had trouble getting conventional project finance resources
to support their projects. Given Enron understands what to do with gas in
kind, there could be a very interesting triangular arrangement with Enron,
Emerson, and local gas production companies.
These are some initial thoughts - - I expect there may be several other
interesting possibilities come to light as we start to have additional
conversations.
Steve, again, thanks for the arrangements yesterday and I will be back to
you shortly to organize a follow-up set of conversations.
,
Mike Train
VP Planning
Emerson Electric Co:
T: 314-553-2120
F: 314-553-3851
per our discussion.  Want to schedule a tour and want to make sure that 
Marchris is avail (let Rick and Montovano know)
Naomi Olson  	11/09/2000 04:58 PM
Mr. Mitchell will not be able to attend the meetings in Texas on November
10, 2000 that were scheduled earlier this week.  He is assisting the
National Republican Party in resolving the issues that have arisen in
several counties here in Florida and has been asked to attend to those
matters again on Friday, November 10, so that the election process can be
completed.  Mr. Mitchell's assistant (Naomi) will call you on Monday,
November 13th, to reschedule this meeting.  Thank you for your attention to
this matter and we apologize for any inconvenience this may cause.
Naomi Olson, assistant to Stephen J. Mitchell
This email is for the sole use of the intended recipient(s) and may contain
confidential and privileged information.  Any unauthorized review, use,
disclosure or distribution of this email or its contents is strictly
prohibited.  If you are not intended recipient, please contact the sender by
reply email and destroy the original and all copies of the original message.
Annis, Mitchell, Cockey, Edwards & Roehn, P.A.
201 North Franklin Street, Suite 2200
Tampa, Florida  33602
(813) 229-3321
What does this proposal imply about transmission pricing.  We have debated 
from time-to-time whether we would be better off with a pure "loads pay" 
transmission pricing scheme because it would leave fewer places for utilities 
to hide the ball (when they pay for transmission they are just transferring 
money from one pocket to the other) and it would allow us to reach the 
maximum number of counterparties for each MW (thereby increasing liquidity Where do we stand?
Charles Yeung@ECT
11/09/2000 11:19 AM
These questsions seem to be focus on the modularity of the product.  This is 
fine from the vendors' perspectives, however, from a Tariff perspective, it 
hints at conceding to others' tariiffs/structures.  There should be a few 
questions that paint the entire Real Flow solution - even referencing that a 
tariff is available.
Also, can I assume the entities listed are endorsing eTransMart?  Or do they 
not even know their name is referenced here?
Please see the note below.   EtransMart is the consortium's name for E-trans 
and they are putting together the FAQ's for their website.  If you have any 
comments feel free to send them to me and I will forward them to Dave.
"Dave Perrino"  	11/08/2000 02:47 PM
Please respond to dperrino
To All,
Mike Heinrich has asked me to make a first draft of some FAQ's for our
collaborative's web site.  I have taken a shot a several questions.  I would
appreciate if you could review the attached document and add/modify it as
you see fit.  Once you've made your additions and/or deletions, please send
it back to me by this Sunday (November 12) so that I may incorporate all the
suggestions and send out a "final" draft for the groups approval prior to
our posting this information on the web site.
If you have any questions feel free to send me questions via email and I
will respond as soon as I return from vacation on Sunday.
Kind 
Dave
David F. Perrino
Automated Power Exchange
Grid Management Services
Director Market Development - West
5201 Great America Parkway, Suite 522
Santa Clara, CA  95054
Voice: 408.517.2146
Mobile: 650.906.5020
Fax:  408.517.2985
Visit us at 
- eTransMart Frequently Asked Questions.doc
Corporate Benefits
Sent by: Enron Announcements
11/14/2000 06:40 PM
I need you to run these items by Rick.  I take full responsibility for 
approving the hiring of the Hills firm (and I look forward to meeting with 
you and Carla as we discussed), but remain hopeful we can use their services 
for something other than WTO.  In the wake of Seattle, and as I have come to 
understand better what the WTO can and cannot do for us on the energy 
services front, I have come to the view that our talent and money would be 
better spent on other activities.  My inclination is to do the bare minimum 
necessary to keep the machine going.  If we have specifically committed to 
certain things, then let's follow through.  If there are things we can avoid, 
let's avoid them.  Specifically with respect to Fischer going to Geneva, Why 
not have him available by phone at all hours to provide assistance and mage 
that known to USG instead of underwriting additional travel.  With respect to 
the Hills firm, can we use the retained time to help with the specific 
strategies we are now working out for the regions?  These are the kinds of 
things we need to consider.
Joe Hillings@
04/19/2000 04:13 AM
Steve: This is a brief extension of our conversation yesterday afternoon 
putting in print some of the upcoming dates and possible committments for 
your consideration and decision.
We have no exit strategy at this time and in order to follow your general 
instructions to withdraw gradually (I'm not quite certain that is possible at 
this stage) you need to know the following.
The April meeting at the WTO in Geneva (Committee on Specific Committments) 
spent considerable time discussing how energy services would be considered in 
the WTO GATS (General Agreement on Trade and Services) . The USTR raised the 
issue, tabled the issue and guided the discussion. We did not send anyone to 
that session.
As planned for several months, we issued the Rachel Thompson study which is 
completing its basic distribution now. There has already been considerable 
interest in the study and I fully expect it to generate discussion in the 
days ahead. I have sent you the correspondence from the Japanese Ministry. 
Tonight I am hosting a small dinner for the top staff person for the leading 
Japanese business organization affiliated with the CSI organization. He 
raised the issue of Japan's industry feeling energy services was going too 
fast too soon when Ken addressed the WTO Ministerial Forum last December in 
Seattle. Now he has told Bob Vastine, president of CSI that he was told later 
by his collegues that his statement was a misstatement. We'll hear more 
tonight.
Later today, the ESC Executive Committee is meeting with the DOE to discuss 
how they can support energy services for the USTR who has lacked technical 
advisers since Donna Bobbich and Russ Profozich left DOE earlier this year. 
DOE has appointed a group to help USTR and this is an orientation meeting 
held at their request.
Next week I have scheduled the first ESC full meeting since January to update 
members (now 50 since Schlumberger joined on Friday) on developments which is 
essentially a report by USTR Carol Balassa who is the responsible official 
handling energy services.
She has given a couple of us a debriefing on what happened at the WTO meeting 
and a request to prepare more detailed information for the May 10 meeting in 
Geneva where she tells us that energy services will be even more involved in 
the discussion. We should have Bob Fisher go to that meeting to be of 
assistance. This is a decision point for you.
We have made some other committments which are also decision points although 
the Helsinki meeting on June 18th has been agreed upon based on my feelings 
that when I discussed it (the SCO/FSN Showcase Europe) in Houston with you 
and Rick, you raised no objection which I took as agreeing that it should go 
forward.  We have done this meeting annually where I have brought in someone 
from Enron companies to brief them and host them for dinner. These are the 
commercial people in the US embassies throughout Europe and the former Soviet 
Union. They are important points of contact for our commercial people.  This 
year they want to have energy services in the WTO and as we would like them 
to exist in their territory. A few members of the ESC Executive Committee 
will do the former and Peter Styles the later. I have organized the dinner.
Following that meeting is one that EC Trade staffer Uta Klinkers wants the 
ESC Executive Committee to put on in Brussels which is a joint meeting she is 
organizing with European energy industry representatives. This is a dialogue 
on energy services. The EU is an important player in the WTO and Uta, who 
recently met with the ESC Executive Committee in Washington is quite 
supportive of liberalized energy services. At the EC she reports directly to 
Commissioner Pascal Lamy. Rick's memo this week suggested we have Peter 
Styles do this briefing. Peter is not an American and is not affiliated with 
the ESC. Therefore, unless we participate, Europe's energy industry is not 
talking with US industry. If this is what you want, then I should tell Uta 
that we are unable to do the meeting.
The last meeting is the presentation by Ken Lay at the OECD Forum 2000 on 
June 26 which I engineered with Doug Worth, Secretary General of the BIAC 
(Business Industry Affairs Committee) to the OECD. This is a major world 
conference and Ken is addressing e-commerce and services. Doug, an American 
and former head of the Washington IBM office wants to have Ken meet with OECD 
Commissioners in a smaller meeting to discuss trends for the future.  I had 
planned to be there with Ken for the day, day and a half he will be in Paris. 
I introduced our company to the OECD several years ago and it has become 
increasingly involved in issues of interest to us.
Well, these are the near-term items that require your fine hand if we are to 
proceed. A dramatic drop off at this time will have its effects and no one is 
likely to pick up our leadership. There is growing support for what has been 
accomplished and the USG plus others are now hooked on the energy services 
agenda. I cannot easily see an exit strategy that can do anything but cause 
criticism at this point. This is definately a longer term committment that I 
thought we had made when approval was given to hire the Hills firm. However, 
if you want to exit, other than pulling back from the Brussels meeting, I 
think the other meetings are firm committements at this point.
These are some thoughts for your consideration and decision.
Joe
congratulations!
One thing to add to the arguments:  we have to make the adverse effect on 
consumers the centerpiece of our arguments.  We need the legal arguments too, 
but this is fundamentally a political and consumer protection driven 
discussion.  We have to be prepared to demonstrate that the key to Alberta 
reducing prices is allowing new generation to enter and to do that you have 
to allow a true market price to be posted.  California has seen the 
cancellation of numerous projects while they remain desparate for new supply 
because they have tried to artificially constrain prices.  That's not good 
for consumers.  If they need a lower cost solution for consumers (or 
protection from price volatility in the meantime) they need to "outsource" 
the residential supply business in blocks for fixed price bids.
Regardless of how we frame the arguments, or the solutions, however, we have 
to make the public policy/ consumer protection arguments the center of our 
written and oral presentations.
Do you agree?
Robert Hemstock@ECT
11/15/2000 06:28 PM
Dale McMaster called this afternoon to advise that the Power Pool Council 
agreed to delay any decision on the recently proposed rule changes (importers 
excluded from setting pool price and dispatch risk) for a period of two 
weeks.  During this two week period Dale has been asked to obtain stakeholder 
input into ways to address concerns about whether the spot price in the 
Alberta Power Pool is a product of interaction among competitiors in a 
efficient market 
In our discussions with the Power Pool and ADRD today and yesterday Enron 
expressed its willingness to work with the Power Pool to provide feedback on 
suggested rule changes but has also made it clear that we do not agree with 
the premise that there is a "problem" that requires "emergency" amendments to 
the Pool rules.  Our position has been that Alberta is short supply, and 
significant changes to the rules and/or market design will only discourage 
new generation development. 
Dale McMaster had just left the Power Pool Council meeting when he called and 
had not yet put much thought into how to define the issue he has to address 
and what the process will be.   We discussed the process and it appears he 
will likely receive comments from stakeholders at large and also assemble a 
small committee of 4-5 stakeholders (which would include Enron) to work with 
the Power Pool to consider possible changes to the Pool rules.  Dale said he 
would try to pull together a "terms of reference" document that would define 
the mandate of the small committee by tomorrow.
After my call with Dale McMaster, Peter Keohane and I spoke to Aleck Trawick 
and we have asked Blakes to assist us in three areas:
1) Once the terms of reference of this small committee are released (and 
assuming Enron is asked to participate on the committee) Blakes will assist 
us with preparing a letter that states that Enron's participation does not 
represent acknowledgement or agreement that the Power Pool Rules must be 
amended to address the concerns of some stakeholders about real time pricing 
in Alberta and that Enron's participation on the committee is on a without 
prejudice basis;
2) Enron needs to obtain the final memo from Frontier Economics in which 
Frontier provides its opinion on how the proposed rule changes: i) would 
introduce price discrimination into the Alberta electricity market, ii) would 
be contrary to the development of an efficient, fair and openly competitive 
market for electricity, iii) would compromise the independence of the Power 
Pool, and iv) would have the expected effect of artificially depressing the 
real time price of electricity in Alberta.  Once Blakes receives a copy of 
the Frontier Economics memo, they will prepare a memo for Enron advising: i) 
whether the two week process of consultation by the Power Pool is in 
accordance with the standards required of the PPC as an administrative 
tribunal operating in Alberta; and ii) whether such rule changes offend the 
provisions of the EUA;
3) Blakes will advise Enron of the possible avenues of recourse (i.e. appeal 
to the AEUB, and/or legal action in the Court of Queen's Bench) in the event 
the proposed rule changes (or similar changes) are approved by the PPC at the 
end of this two week period.   GPC and Eric Thode will also be consulted on 
this issue and obviously input from all those within Enron working on this 
project will be sought prior to any decision being made to pursue any 
possible legal remedies 
Please advise if you have any comments.
,
Rob 
Thanks for the message.  I agree that once we have a good outline of what we 
are going to do we are going to need someone who can get it done.  I think 
you would be an outstanding candidate for that role (seems to me we went 
after you once before).  Is your inquiry confidential or can I discuss it 
with others?
Anthony Mends@MUNICATIONS
11/15/2000 09:50 AM
Steve,
Thank you for taking the time to see me whenever I have requested an 
appointment with you. I believe there are discussions to consolidate Enron 
websites and also to develop a Knowledge Management infrastructure.  You and 
I have shared some thoughts on these subjects. Properly managed, these are 
potent tools in the strategic mix that would help keep Enron innovative. I 
know that no concrete plans have yet emerged from your deliberations but I 
can foresee when you might want someone to lead this effort full time.
It is eminently sensible to move towards consolidation in both areas. Among 
the several benefits, a common infrastructure would sharply reduce both 
development and maintenance costs.  Also, we would eliminate duplications and 
give coherence to the look and feel of websites that would emphasize 
corporate branding 
I am doing some great things here at EBS and generally speaking I am happy. 
Nevertheless, I see a tremendous potential in this role and very much would 
like to be considered a prime candidate for the lead position in this effort. 
Everything I have done here at Enron has richly prepared me for this 
position. My relationship with business units has given me a unique 
education.  I have developed information value chain, built and managed three 
websites in three different operating companies. At all times my products 
were considered benchmarks. In addition, I shall be able to manage potential 
political problems that are likely to attend any consolidation. 
I should be grateful if you would think about this. 
Once again, thank you for your time.
Tony
Enron Broadband Services
713-853-3939
fyi
=09Shelley Corman
=0911/15/2000 08:58 AM
=09=09
Enron Energy Services is presently a marketing affiliate of several of the=20
Enron pipelines because EES: (1) buys/sells gas; and (2) holds transport=20
contracts on our pipelines. =20
Under the FERC's standards of conduct, the pipelines cannot: (1) share=20
transportation information or shipper information with EES; (2) must function=20
independently and keep separate books and records.  Generally, I don't see=20
the FERC having any problem with mechanical, electrical, air-conditioning=20
types of services.  However; there are 2 specific concerns that arise with=20
respect to the described arrangement under the FERC's marketing affiliate=20
standards of conduct:
1. Records -- FERC has ruled that giving a marketing affiliate "access" to=20
transportation and shipper records (including something as simple as file=20
room access) is deemed to be impermissibly sharing the information with a=20
marketing affiliate in violation of the standards. Thus, it seems to me that=20
EES will explicitly not be able to perform any records management function=20
for NNG, TW or NBPL.
2. Billing -  FERC scrutinizes intercompany charges carefully.  In a recent=20
Kinder-Morgan consent order, the FERC used payroll and intercompany charge=20
records to make the case that the pipeline and marketing affiliate did not=20
operate separately.  It would be helpful if any EES facility management=20
charges/allocations come from Enron Facility Services (not EES) --  leaving=20
us room to argue that the facility management subsidiary involves separate=20
functions and staff than the EES subsidiary that is a marketing affiliate.
=20
=09
=09
Sent by: Enron Announcements
Responsibility  for daily operations of building support services in the=20
Enron Building, Houston leased offices, and Two Pacific Place (Omaha) will be=20
transitioning from Corporate to Enron Energy Services (EES) by year-end.  The=20
areas affected include facility operations and maintenance of mechanical,=20
electrical, and air-conditioning systems; mail delivery;  housekeeping; =20
food, copier, and records services.
This transition of services, as presently managed by Enron Property and=20
Services Corp. (EPSC), is designed to optimize value to Enron=01,s Business=20
Units by leveraging facility management businesses now offered by EES to=20
their commercial customers.  EPSC staff having administrative responsibility=20
for these services will report to Enron Facility Services, a subsidiary of=20
EES=01,s Global Energy Services group led by Daniel Leff, President and CEO.
EPSC is responsible for Enron=01,s internal real estate and office development=20
needs, including leasing, space allocations and facility planning, project=20
and construction management, furniture systems, and office relocation.  EPSC,=20
in its development role, remains a part of Enron Corporate Administration=20
Services (ECAS) along with Corporate Security and the Aviation Department,=20
reporting to Bill Donovan, Vice President, Corporate Administrative Services.
This alignment of responsibilities offers the opportunity for EPSC to focus=20
resources on effective utilization of our existing office space assets and=20
managing the development of Houston=01,s new Enron Center Campus project.
Thanks, I enjoyed it too and would be happy to do it again.
John Baker  	11/15/2000 07:47 AM
Steven,
Thank you for visiting with my class at Rice last night. They thoroughly
enjoyed your talk -- after you left for the evening, we had a good
discussion on topics that you had raised. My apologies again for the room
mix up; somehow between myself, the university, and my secretary, the
classroom assignment changed several times and the update did not get to
you.
Next year, if your schedule permits, perhaps you would consider a return
engagement. I would certainly enjoy having you back.
,
John
John A. Baker
Director of Information Technology
Fisher-Rosemount / Daniel (A Division of Emerson Electric)
9753 Pine Lake Drive
Houston, TX 77055
713-827-3328
John.Baker@daniel.com
If we are interested in doing this, the interviewee should probably be from 
EEL
Christian Schmollinger  	11/14/2000 10:00 AM
Dear Mr. Kean,
Hello, I am Christian Schmollinger, a reporter with Natural Gas
Week. I'm not sure if you remember but we met at the press briefing that Mr.
Skilling held at the National Press Building at the end of the summer here
in Washington to discuss the California electricity markets.
I am contacting you today in the hopes that I might be able to speak
with you or someone else from Enron for a story I am working on for this
week's issue concerning American natural gas marketers moving into Europe. I
was hoping I could interview someone with the company before Thursday so
that I could write the story before my Friday deadline.
For the story, I am basically looking to do background, i.e. How is
the European market different from the American market? Will the network
business model translate well there? What kind of regulatory pitfalls do the
companies' face? Will a liquid natural gas market develop in Europe? If so,
what kind of timeline are we talking about? What is Enron's position and
take on the whole European market?
I would appreciate any time or guidance you might be able to give me
on this subject. If you have any questions or comments please don't hesitate
to call. Once again 
Sincerely,
Christian Schmollinger
Staff Reporter, Natural Gas Week
1401 New York Ave., NW Suite 500
Washington, DC 20005
Ph. 202-662-0726
Fax 202-347-8089
Has anyone talked with Tim B about what Larcamp said -- ie the soft cap only 
applies to PX and ISO bids and not to any bilateral contracts including 
bilateral fwd contracts 	Donna Fulton
11/14/2000 09:33 AM
Just to pile on with the issues, I will add a few thoughts of my own for 
issues that we might want to consider in our November 20 comments Re: the application of the price cap to only PX and ISO, Commissioner Massey 
is not totally on board.  He specifically asked about capping the forward 
market.  He raised the idea that he had gotten from the San Diego hearing 
that there be an accepted forward contract for a specified timeframe (18-24 
months) and specified rate, and that all loads must buy a minimum percentage 
of their needs from this contract.
A staffer (Don Gelinas) asked whether the forward/bilateral market 
(presumably uncapped) could take care of investment recovery so that 
generation not be cancelled in California.
Dynegy and other marketers raised the issue of the test to be used by the 
Commission in reviewing transactions above the soft cap.  Specifically, what 
is opportunity cost?  As long as the test is not known until after the fact, 
there will be lack of secuity selling into the California and greater 
incentive to sell elsewhere.
Hobbs from Williams raised the possibility that if the Commission does not 
eliminate the soft cap (his preferred approach), that the cap should be 
temporary and escalating and there should be limited time for raising issues 
and retaining the refund liability (he suggested that the refund liability be 
only for one month).
Many, especially the utilities, raised their position that the Commission 
should not institute penalties only on the load.  They claimed this was 
one-sided and suggested if penalties were required, they needed to be applied 
to the supply side as well.  They also argued that the load could not meet 
the 5% test.
Massey had a concern at the end of the day that the Commission's 
encouragement of forward contracts will be stymied by the CPUC by their 
authority in reviewing prudence of the utilities' purchases.
Larcamp asked at the end of the day for information on the cost of generation 
before deregulation - normalized for gas prices and emmission prices of 
today.  The marketer on the panel added that we would need to include 
stranded costs.
There was almost no support for the single price auction in California.
The California politicians argued that the ISO Board structure needed to be 
changed, but that California had jurisdiction to change it, not FERC.  A 
Court battle was threatened.
Steven J Kean
11/13/2000 08:51 AM
There are a few other issues we need to look into:
Larcamp told Hartsoe and I after the meeting that FERC may clarify that the 
price caps and reporting obligations apply only to bids into the PX and ISO 
-- ie no bilateral transaction will be subject to the requirements.  He asked 
if knowing this would change any of our views (esp peaking plants, though I 
suspect it's already too late for that).  My gut reaction is that so long as 
the market continues to clear through the centralized exchanges this 
"exemption" for bilateral transactions won't matter much, but let's think it 
through.  Is EOL or APX an alternative?
Massey specifically asked us to address forward markets in our comments Specifically, "has FERC done everything it can to encourage forward market 
development?"  In addition to any other points we might make, I think we 
should argue that "PJMing" the market won't facilitate and may even hinder 
forward market development.  Also, we should advocate actions by FERC that 
take away second-guessing by the CPUC in order to reduce utility fears about 
contracting forward.
We have to give the Commission a way out on price caps.  We need to think 
through whether there is something we can live with here, or we should take 
the approach I took in my testimony:  FERC should encourage the state to 
provide rate protection for selected customer classes by putting those 
requirements up for bid (ie get the utility out of the commodity business as 
much as possible).
Finally, on governence issues we should argue for a narrowe role for the ISO 
as a way of diffusing the emotional governence debate.  Analogy:  if the ISO 
is simply the air traffic controller all parties will simply be interested in 
retaining the most technically competent people (not hiring or appointing 
their lackies or friends).  So long as the ISO has a role in setting prices, 
acquiring supplies or running the market, it is destined to be controversial 
and highly politicized.  Those functions should be left to the market.
Mary Hain@ECT
11/10/2000 11:13 AM
For purposes of our discussions, Alan and I have put together an outline of 
issues raised in the FERC meeting today that we might consider putting in our 
comments to FERC.  Our written comments would also include the issues we have 
already raised in our white paper and our oral comments at FERC.  Of course 
to the extent we have discussed things in our white paper we could simply 
cite the paper.  Given the potentially long list of issues to be addressed, I 
haved left a voice mail asking Seabron if he is available to help Alan.
You might try Scott Tholan, Mike Hicks, or Rick Buy.
Linda Robertson
11/13/2000 05:36 PM
Steve, I mentioned to you late on Friday that Jeff asked me to get up to 
speed on a troubled project in China.  Any thoughts on tracking this down Thanks, Linda
As I mentioned at the executive committee meeting, we have a number of people 
who either have expressed interest in serving on the transition team or who I 
would like to approach to serve on the transition team for Bush.  We believe 
that a call from you to Cheney may be required.
David Haug.    David will be returning from his honeymoon on Dec 4 and has 
expressed a strong interest in serving on the Bush team.
Woody Wodraska.  Woody would like to work on environmental and water issues 
and has been in touch with Bush campaign folks in both California and 
Florida.  He would appreciate a call on his behalf to Cheney.  Amanda is 
aware of his interest and is amenable to his service.
James Steffes.  You know Jim.  He is one of the most creative and talented 
people in my organization.  He is familiar with state and federal energy 
regulation as well as the state and federal policy makers who have played an 
active role in deregulation efforts.  He would be great to have on a vetting 
team for commission nominees.  I have talked to Jim and he is interested.
Others.  We can make another 4 people available from the government affairs 
organization with qualifications in energy, communications and market 
regulation.  The question is more a matter of how many Enron people they 
would like to have.  Among them:  Dan Allegretti (who will be chair of NEPOOL 
next year) who campaigned for Bush in New Hampshire; and Sue Landwehr, a 
republican who works for us in the upper midwest.
Linda Robertson has suggested that we try to put as many people on the 
"vetting" team as possible.  Let me know how I need to proceed.
can you find the contact and see if they are still interested in the money?
Elizabeth Linnell
11/16/2000 03:57 PM
Steve - Do you have a contact number for Ensign's campaign, and shall we call 
them to see if they still need the money for debt retirement?  They did cash 
the check we sent a month earlier for $2,000.
Gus Perez
11/15/00 12:08 PM
This PAC contribution was mailed out 10/30 to 
John Ensign
Ensign for Senate
P.O. Box 26568
Las Vegas, NV  89126
It was returned to me today stamped "unclaimed".
I have checked the 1999 & 2000 contibutions and they all have the same PO box.
Please let me know what you want me to do.
Below is all the information on the Candidate.
ID Candidate Name Committee Name Date Requested State/Fed State  Political 
Party Office Sought 
396 John Ensign  Ensign for Senate 10/26/2000  Fed-NV    R Senate 
Election Date  Who Requested Amount Requested W/L/U
11/00   E. Linnell  $3,000.00  Won
Thanks,
That flight time is fine.  A couple of other things:  I need to meet with 
McKinsey while I'm in town on Monday.  Please set up with Suzanne Nimocks' 
office.  Also, my return should be first thing Tuesday morning (I think we 
had discussed Monday night originally).  Just get me on the first available 
flight to Roswell.
Also, I didn't mean to put you in  a difficult spot with Melissa.  I had 
tried getting hold of her last night but only got the answering machine Don't worry about tellling her my travel schedule.  If I haven't told her 
first, I'll deal with the consequences (I've logged "couch time" before plus 
I'm usually pretty good about keeping her up to date).
Thanks
Maureen McVicker
11/16/2000 02:44 PM
It turns out that the co. plane flight from Roswell to Houston only takes a 
little over an hour.
We currently have it scheduled for:
Depart  Roswell at 7:00 p.m (MST) on Sunday 11/19/00
Arrive Houston at 9:17 p.m. (CST)
Your HR PRC starts at 7:30 a.m. on Monday 11/20/00.
Just FYI - the co. plane will land in Roswell at 4:05 p.m. (MST) and wait for 
you.
Is the departure time at 7:00 pm ok with you Do you want to leave a little later since the flight doesn't take very long?
Kelly Kimberly@_DEVELOPMENT
04/20/2000 07:28 AM
A TV program in Brazil this morning announced that an investment bank has 
been hired to help Enron sell Elektro.  Attached are the latest statement and 
Q and As.  Who in IR needs to see this 
I think this is something we should consider.  I'm asking Rob to look into it.
"Gilbert R. Whitaker, Jr."  	11/16/2000 02:06 PM
Steve -
As you may know, Murray Weidenbaum, former Chair of the Council of Economic 
Advisors, and Professor of Economics at Washington University in St. Louis 
will be the Ken Lay Vinson &Elkins Visiting Scholar at the Jones School for 
the period January to May 2001. As he is on sabbatical from Washington 
University, he will have no teaching requirements of us but has offered to 
give some talks around and about for us.
Since Ken Lay once worked for Murray when Murray was Assistant Secretary of 
the Treasury, I wondered if Enron might be interested in jointly sponsoring 
a breakfast or luncheon talk by Murray sometime after the first of the 
year. He is giving a major address to the Detroit Economic Club in Janurary 
and I suspect that he will have the basis for a great talk in Houston as well.
In any event because of the title he will hold and because of our many 
joint ventures, I wanted to begin the process of finding a partner in this 
endeavor.
Let me know what you think.
gil
"Lynn Coldwater"  	11/16/2000 01:02 PM
Dear Steven,
In the Internet/Intranet security world time is everything.  Some security
vendors are using Certificate Revocation Lists (CRL) to revoke user
privileges.  This can be very dangerous to your data!
We would like to show you how Xcert enables its customers to immediately
revoke all network privileges from former employees, customers and business
partners while protecting their company data and assets.  We are the only
digital certificate company that provides this real-time revocation
capability because our products were built on the Internet to work on the
Internet.
Please call 800-721-9191 or send us an email so that we can arrange for you
to talk to one of our
Account Representatives who can show you how Xcert protects your data in
real-time.
Thanks,
Xcert Inside Sales
info@xcert.com
Thanks
Robert Hemstock@ECT
11/16/2000 11:39 AM
Thanks for your comments Steve 
The legal arguments are one piece of our 5 point action plan (it relates to 
action items 2,3, and 4) that I outlined in my November 13 e-mail to the 
group.  Action item #1 (and I agree this must be our primary focus) is to 
communicate to the Alberta Government: i) Enron's views on what mistakes are 
being made by governments in other jurisdictions in response to high price 
levels,  and ii) Enron's plans for Alberta if the Alberta Government "stays 
the course" and does not interfere in the market.   We are hopeful this can 
be done through Milnthorp and Delainey meeting with Premier Klein and/or 
Minister Cardinal.  If such a meeting isn't possible we will simply have to 
get the message through to them via lower level officials in the Alberta 
Government. 
On Tuesday Rob Milnthorp left messages for Premier Klein, the Premier's Chief 
of Staff, and Minister Cardinal, and the Cardinal's Deputy Minister, Ken 
Smith.  I also spoke to Larry Charach of the ADRD.    The speaking points 
that we prepared to guide us through these calls are as follows:
Enron understands that electricity prices in Alberta are an important issue 
for the Government
Enron has concerns with a number of recent rule and market design 
developments in the electricity market 
Enron feel that it would be helpful for the President and CEO of Enron North 
America and Rob M to sit down for a brief meeting with the Premier and 
Minister Cardinal to:
1)  Explain Enron's current plans to expand commercial operations in both the 
electricity and natural gas sectors;
2) Express Enron's concerns that the Alberta electricity market "may not 
indeed be open for business" given recent developments, including 
(i) The MAP and its adverse effect on the PPA Buyers and the "no harm" 
commitment;
(ii) Power Pool rule changes of the sort recently proposed will irreparably 
damage existing suppliers such as Enron, the ultimate effect of which will 
undoubtedly be the lack of development of much needed new supply and longer 
term high prices for consumers 
3) Express Enron's willingness to draw on our experience in other markets and 
explain our vision of how the Government can work through this difficult 
period in the shortest possible time frame.
Ken Smith returned Milnthorp's call this morning and Rob Milnthorp advised 
that he covered each of the above speaking points and the conversation went 
very well.  Smith asked him "what would you do if you were us?" and Rob 
replied that the Government must stay the course as the alternatives will 
make the situation worse.  Rob also told Smith that Enron's preference is to 
continue to work with the Government on these difficult issues and Enron 
"doesn't like sending letters that threaten legal action to the Government or 
the Power Pool", especially since we share a common vision on electricity 
restructuring with the Alberta Government.  Smith indicated that with the 
Alberta Legislature back in session it would be difficult to get a meeting 
for us with the Premier but he would try to do so and would get back to 
Milnthorp 
Whether we get a meeting with the Premier, or not, we still need to prepare a 
new briefing note for the government within the next week and at the very 
least Rob Milnthorp and I can meet with Larry Charach and Ken Smith to walk 
them through this document.  As you say, our document must focus on "the 
adverse effect on consumers" and the implications of the Government moving 
off the strategy it continues to publicly support (the Premier said again 
this week in question period that the problem is that we are short supply) 
which is to "allow the market to work 
,
Rob
congratulations!
One thing to add to the arguments:  we have to make the adverse effect on 
consumers the centerpiece of our arguments.  We need the legal arguments too, 
but this is fundamentally a political and consumer protection driven 
discussion.  We have to be prepared to demonstrate that the key to Alberta 
reducing prices is allowing new generation to enter and to do that you have 
to allow a true market price to be posted.  California has seen the 
cancellation of numerous projects while they remain desparate for new supply 
because they have tried to artificially constrain prices.  That's not good 
for consumers.  If they need a lower cost solution for consumers (or 
protection from price volatility in the meantime) they need to "outsource" 
the residential supply business in blocks for fixed price bids.
Regardless of how we frame the arguments, or the solutions, however, we have 
to make the public policy/ consumer protection arguments the center of our 
written and oral presentations.
Do you agree?
Robert Hemstock@ECT
11/15/2000 06:28 PM
Dale McMaster called this afternoon to advise that the Power Pool Council 
agreed to delay any decision on the recently proposed rule changes (importers 
excluded from setting pool price and dispatch risk) for a period of two 
weeks.  During this two week period Dale has been asked to obtain stakeholder 
input into ways to address concerns about whether the spot price in the 
Alberta Power Pool is a product of interaction among competitiors in a 
efficient market 
In our discussions with the Power Pool and ADRD today and yesterday Enron 
expressed its willingness to work with the Power Pool to provide feedback on 
suggested rule changes but has also made it clear that we do not agree with 
the premise that there is a "problem" that requires "emergency" amendments to 
the Pool rules.  Our position has been that Alberta is short supply, and 
significant changes to the rules and/or market design will only discourage 
new generation development. 
Dale McMaster had just left the Power Pool Council meeting when he called and 
had not yet put much thought into how to define the issue he has to address 
and what the process will be.   We discussed the process and it appears he 
will likely receive comments from stakeholders at large and also assemble a 
small committee of 4-5 stakeholders (which would include Enron) to work with 
the Power Pool to consider possible changes to the Pool rules.  Dale said he 
would try to pull together a "terms of reference" document that would define 
the mandate of the small committee by tomorrow.
After my call with Dale McMaster, Peter Keohane and I spoke to Aleck Trawick 
and we have asked Blakes to assist us in three areas:
1) Once the terms of reference of this small committee are released (and 
assuming Enron is asked to participate on the committee) Blakes will assist 
us with preparing a letter that states that Enron's participation does not 
represent acknowledgement or agreement that the Power Pool Rules must be 
amended to address the concerns of some stakeholders about real time pricing 
in Alberta and that Enron's participation on the committee is on a without 
prejudice basis;
2) Enron needs to obtain the final memo from Frontier Economics in which 
Frontier provides its opinion on how the proposed rule changes: i) would 
introduce price discrimination into the Alberta electricity market, ii) would 
be contrary to the development of an efficient, fair and openly competitive 
market for electricity, iii) would compromise the independence of the Power 
Pool, and iv) would have the expected effect of artificially depressing the 
real time price of electricity in Alberta.  Once Blakes receives a copy of 
the Frontier Economics memo, they will prepare a memo for Enron advising: i) 
whether the two week process of consultation by the Power Pool is in 
accordance with the standards required of the PPC as an administrative 
tribunal operating in Alberta; and ii) whether such rule changes offend the 
provisions of the EUA;
3) Blakes will advise Enron of the possible avenues of recourse (i.e. appeal 
to the AEUB, and/or legal action in the Court of Queen's Bench) in the event 
the proposed rule changes (or similar changes) are approved by the PPC at the 
end of this two week period.   GPC and Eric Thode will also be consulted on 
this issue and obviously input from all those within Enron working on this 
project will be sought prior to any decision being made to pursue any 
possible legal remedies 
Please advise if you have any comments.
,
Rob 
I sent an electronic copy to John Baker.  Maureen could you send one directly 
to Jason and schedule lunch? thanks
Jason Sokolov@ECT
11/17/2000 10:09 AM
Steve,
Thanks a lot for coming to class and talking to us on Tuesday I think your presentation had a strong impact on Rice students, and many of 
them, including me, got a much better idea of Enron and its businesses.
I am not sure if you were going to distribute the copy of your presentation 
to us, but I certainly would consider it useful for my self-education about 
the company.
Let me know if I could possibly get a copy from you.
As I mentioned to you on Tuesday, I am starting full-time at Enron on the 
15th of January as a manager in Research Group, under Vince Kaminski.
I would like for us to go out for lunch sometime in January, if this is OK 
with you.
Sincerely,
Jason Sokolov  
Carolyn Cooney
11/16/2000 06:45 PM
I have left a message at his campaign headquarters.  Hopefully I will hear 
back from them tomorrow.  Thanks
Steven J Kean
11/16/2000 07:11 PM
can you find the contact and see if they are still interested in the money?
Elizabeth Linnell
11/16/2000 03:57 PM
Steve - Do you have a contact number for Ensign's campaign, and shall we call 
them to see if they still need the money for debt retirement?  They did cash 
the check we sent a month earlier for $2,000.
Gus Perez
11/15/00 12:08 PM
This PAC contribution was mailed out 10/30 to 
John Ensign
Ensign for Senate
P.O. Box 26568
Las Vegas, NV  89126
It was returned to me today stamped "unclaimed".
I have checked the 1999 & 2000 contibutions and they all have the same PO box.
Please let me know what you want me to do.
Below is all the information on the Candidate.
ID Candidate Name Committee Name Date Requested State/Fed State  Political 
Party Office Sought 
396 John Ensign  Ensign for Senate 10/26/2000  Fed-NV    R Senate 
Election Date  Who Requested Amount Requested W/L/U
11/00   E. Linnell  $3,000.00  Won
Thanks,
Contact Steve Walton
=09Eric Hirst  =0911/10/2000 10:03 AM
=09=09=20
Dear Steve,
Once again, I call on you for advice. Who, within Enron, should I talk with=20
about a new project I am working on, related to real-time balancing=20
operations and markets (all the messy stuff that causes so many problems=20
within all the existing ISOs)?
Here is the outline for the project. Can you send me your suggestions on=20
revising the outline, other people at Enron (and elsewhere) to contact=20
related to these markets, and written materials on how the various ISO=20
markets operate.=20
Thanks.
Eric
1. Introduction: Importance of real-time operations and markets=20
Essential for reliability, especially security=20
Basis for all forward contracts (hour- and day-ahead, block monthlies,=20
bilaterals)=20
Real-time prices motivate generation-capacity decisions: new construction,=20
repowering, retirements=20
Ensure equitable treatment for =01&new=018 intermittent and distributed resources=20
2. Physical Requirements and Operations=20
Balance generation to load in near-real time (intrahour)=20
Normal conditions (frequency response, CPS1, CPS2)=20
Contingency conditions (DCS)=20
In neither case is it necessary for generation to exactly balance load over=20
short time periods (e.g., 10 minutes), but must balance energy over longer=20
intervals=20
Benefits of aggregation=20
Performance and characteristics of individual generation and load resources:=20
random fluctuations, energy level, ramp rate, acceleration rate, startup=20
time, minimum run time, block loading, energy-limited characteristics of=20
hydro units, etc=20
Control-area balance vs individual-schedule balance, good vs bad inadvertent=20
interchange=20
NERC and FERC requirements=20
3. Operations with Vertically Integrated Utilities=20
Unit commitment=20
Economic dispatch=20
Regulation=20
Contingency reserves=20
Control area forecasts of loads and resources, effects of forecasts on unit=20
commitment and dispatch=20
Treatment of (payments and penalties for) energy imbalance and inadvertent=20
interchange=20
4. RTO Operations and Markets=20
Generation not owned by RTO, RTO must purchase outputs from generation and=20
load resources=20
Relationship between real-time operations and markets, how are resources=20
dispatched (and by whom) and how are they compensated=20
Time interval (1, 5, 10, or 15 minutes) for dispatch and price setting; what=20
are the tradeoffs in choosing among these intervals=20
Single market-clearing price in each interval vs pay-as-bid for each resource=20
Pay for energy only or pay also for maneuverability (e.g., ramp and=20
acceleration rates); how do resource constraints determine which resources=20
are permitted to set the market-clearing price and which aren't, and why?=20
Set prices ex ante or ex post? If prices set ex ante, what is the basis for=20
the value?=20
Should unit commitment (resource scheduling) be done by individual suppliers,=20
by RTO, or both?=20
Relationship between real-time markets and ICAP and RMR requirements, and RTO=20
requirements to ICAP and RMR units to bid resources into real-time market=20
Treatment of exports and imports, rules governing interchange scheduling=20
(number of schedule changes per hour permitted, ramp rates for schedule=20
changes)=20
To what extent does the RTO make short-term forecasts of load and generation,=20
how far into the future (10 minutes to 24 hours), how does the RTO use these=20
forecasts? Should the RTO commit and dispatch resources on the basis of=20
expected future conditions (i.e., beyond the current and next interval)? Who=20
pays for these RTO decisions?=20
Should RTO publish prices and let demand and supply respond to the price=20
signal, or should RTO dispatch resources up and down based on supplier bids?=20
If the RTO explicitly dispatches resources, should uninstructed deviations be=20
treated differently, in terms of payment or penalties, from instructed=20
deviations? What about a resource=01,s failure to follow instructions?=20
Under what circumstances should RTO go =01&out-of-market=018 for resources? What=20
should set the price of (payment to) these resources?=20
Under what conditions, if any, are penalties appropriate, for what kinds of=20
behavior, what determines the magnitude of the penalty? Should penalties=20
apply to generation only or to loads also?=20
How, if at all, should capacity assigned to ancillary services (especially=20
the reserve services) be incorporated into real-time operations and markets?=20
For example, should the capacity assigned to contingency reserves be set=20
aside and used only when a major outage occurs? Or should such reserves be=20
used routinely whenever it is economic to do so, as long as sufficient=20
capacity is available to meet the NERC reserve requirements?=20
How should intermittent resources (e.g., wind) be treated in real-time=20
operations and markets? Should they be treated any differently from a large,=20
volatile load?=20
Can retail loads participate in real-time markets? How?=20
5. Case Studies of U.S. ISOs=20
California=20
PJM, New York, and New England=20
ERCOT=20
6. Conclusions and Recommendations=20
Key features of operations and markets=20
What works=20
What are the options=20
What problems still remain=20
Another key point:  to avoid the mistakes of California, policy makers must 
make it easy to site and interconnect new generation.  In California peak 
demand rose by about 5500 MW from 1996 - 2000.  The market responded with 
porposed capacity additions of about 11000 MW.  Most of these facilities are 
working thier way through the tangle of state and local approvals.  The 
problems we saw in California did not need to occur if policy makers simply 
enabled the market to work.  Also, it's worth noting that the deregulated 
market did work.  Customers who signed with Enron saw a lower bill than 
prederegulation, Enron hedged its commitments and so our customers (and 
Enron) did just fine during the summer.  Deregulation worked; the problems in 
California can be directly traced to continued regulatory interference in the 
market.
Susan J Mara
11/17/2000 06:09 PM
Mark,
Here's my shot.  I did it in Revision mode so you can see the changes.  Note 
that Enron never got out of the retail market in CA and has gathered about 
1,000 MW of retail load -- we're bigger than all but two of the municipal 
utilities in the state.  Enron stopped marketing to residential consumers that's what all the  fuss was about in 1997.  Anyone else feel free to take 
your own shot.
Sue
Mark Schroeder@ECT
11/17/2000 09:52 AM
Some of our people get asked on the phone about what is going on in 
California.  I have drafted the attached paper for their use.  It is intended 
to be simple and user-friendly.  Your thoughts on whether I achieved that 
objectvie are welcome.  More importantly, I need you to confimr that I got 
the story and facts correct, and that I have not said anything about the 
situation that you (Enron USA) would not want to say, or have not said, or if 
we have said something fundamentally different, I need to know that, too thanks for taking the time to review.  mcs
It looks like a good letter.... heavy on explanation of our position. At some 
point I'd like to hear more of the background that's leading us to this 
position.
Richard B Sanders@ECT
11/17/2000 10:19 AM
"Meringolo, Peter"  	11/16/2000 03:27 PM
Please let either Gary or me know your thoughts and comments regarding the
below draft letter to the CPUC.
Thanks,
Peter
 PRIVILEGED AND CONFIDENTIAL
 ATTORNEY CLIENT COMMUNICATION
 ATTORNEY WORK PRODUCT