Thanks Leslie--I appreciate your efforts and being kept up to speed.  I'm 
forwarding this to some folks who are much closer to the Navajo ROW issues 
than I am.  Lou and Steve, please let Leslie and/or me know what direction TW 
prefers as well as any pitfalls to be wary of.   DF 
Leslie Lawner@EES
07/10/2000 11:11 AM
Drew, as you may remember, before Tim Aren abandoned service, he had signed 
TW up as a sponsor the the New Mexico First Townhall on energy issues.  I 
attended as the Enron person.  The Townhall is now in its implementation 
phase and I want to bring you up to date on what is involved.  A number of 
issues were put in our report, and I will get you a final copy this week (I 
think one will be available shortly).  There is an implementation meeting in 
Alb. tomorrow.  From TW's standpoint, a few issues stand out.  First, 
producers and others joined in our frustation with the native American access 
issues (I did not raise them, but they came out loud and clear from the 
producers, which I thought was fine).  Accordingly, the Townhall has 
recommended that our Congressional delegation use their bully pulpit power to 
call a summit with the energy industry and the indian nations to discuss 
right of ways, access, taxes, development and other issues.  I would think 
that TW would want to be involved in this, if not  a leader in this.  Second, 
the townhall noted that pipeline infrastructure may need upgrading in the 
state.  There are other issues that affect TW not as directly, but that you 
should be aware of.
I will continue to be on the implementation team, and I can bring your issues 
along and keep you up to date as well.  At some point, it may be appropriate 
to bring in TW or ETS folks, as the action items move forward.  Tom 
Rutherford is another resource that Tim used and that we can consider as 
things develop.  Let me know if you need anything, have any thoughts or want 
to discuss.  I am mindful of the marketing affiliate rules and I don't want 
to get in trouble with them, but I am an employee of Enron Corp. so I do feel 
that so far we are in the clear.
Cabo's--very hip if you like meat markets (which I do, of course).  I suspect 
that fish tacos are a  very popular dish in London--at least among the London 
surfer crowd.  You can reach me on the cell phone @402-630-8461--I'll leave 
it on all day.  So what brings both of you down to Houston?  Anything going 
on that I ought to know about?  DF 
Mark Schroeder@ECT
07/10/2000 12:11 PM
Dinner at Cabo (grilled fish tacos), downtown, hits the spot.  We should be 
reachable at the Four Seasons, downtown, so leave us a message as to where to 
reach you.  mcs 
Outstanding!  I'm in Houston on Thursday, flying to the big O on the 8:30 pm 
flight.  I'd love to get together for dinner around 5:00 or so if that works 
out for you guys.  Any chance of getting together with both of you?  DF  
Mark Schroeder@ECT
07/10/2000 04:24 AM
Flying in to Houston with Mary on Thursday afternoon, and back to London on 
Saturday p.m.  Any chance of seeing you, e.g., an early dinner on Thursday mcs 
Just got an update on the project that won't go away.  Dennis has a meeting 
lined up with DOE decisionmakers on the 25th.  He is going to pitch the 
project as an approximately 100 mw power plant, to be owned by (read 
"financed by") DOE, with the gas pipeline owned by Dennis and\or third 
parties (read "Enron"?).  Dennis has run economics that show the DOE will get 
a more than 10% cost savings on the project compared to current PNM rates, 
even assuming a fairly high gas transport cost because of the smaller gas 
load.  How did he do it?  Very easy:  they ran the power plant economics 
using about a $2.00 gas cost instead of current, real world prices.   Dennis' 
argument is going to be:  "I'll take the risk on building the pipeline and 
the power plant at a capped cost, and then sell the power plant to you "You take the risk on gas cost:  if gas cost tracks the 18-24 month average, 
you will realize your 10% cost savings, but if current fuel costs continue or 
escalate, you lose."    Either way, your reliability improves and you kick 
PNM in the shins."  Dennis and Tino apparently think they can sell DOE on 
this.  By the way, their current story on Richardson is that he won't resign, 
and won't be forced out by the administration because that would create even 
more publicity.  You'll love this:  they think Richardson is even more likely 
to sign off on the deal now because his chances of being nominated for VP or 
cabinet are dead and he now has nothing to lose in DC.  They think his real 
angle is now to bring home the bacon to New Mexico and then run for governor 
out there!!  Apparently the rank and file out in the home state think he got 
hosed and made a scapegoat unfairly  I've asked  Lorna Brennan to pull some historical San Juan prices together 
to give to Tino to confirm whether his $2 price is wacky.  Other than that, I 
just told Tino that we are potentially interested in the pipeline part of the 
project if the risks and rewards make sense, and that EE&CC might be 
interested in the design/build on all of it.  He said he'd get back to me 
after the 25th meeting and tell me whether the project is undead.  DF 
Tino,  this was easier than I thought!  Just eyeballing the numbers, it looks 
like $2.00 may even be on the high side on a 24 month or 18 month average 
basis.   I wasn't sure which email to use so I used both.  Let me know how 
your meeting goes.  DF
Lorna Brennan
07/10/2000 04:13 PM
Drew,
I pulled TW San Juan (Blanco) prices off the RDI database for January 1, 1998 
through June 8, 2000 (the most current in the database).  If you need to have 
the remainder of June and the first part of July input, let me know.  The 
file is attached and is saved in Excel so you can edit as needed.
Lorna
Congratulations to you both!  Your designation as V.Ps. is richly deserved Just among us "constrained technical" people, however,  couldn't they have 
come up with a better description of our category?  It makes us sound like we 
are deficient in something other than just career choice!  See you 
soon--beers are on me!  DF
pls print thanks df
At the request of Lou Soldano, please see the attached memo from the Enron 
Litigation Unit regarding Stone & Webster.  Please advise of any objections 
to the proposed assignment.
Eric Benson
Senior Research Analyst
07/07/2000 12:04 PM
Are we involved?
Michelle Lawless
07/07/2000 10:38 AM
Please see attached memo.
Michelle Lawless
Enron Litigation Unit
Tel:  (713) 853-6298
Fax:  (713) 853-6576
Excellent!  This a great idea and perfect timing given the kind of things we 
have lately been getting more and more involved in.  I'll strongly encourage 
our guys to attend.  DF  
Shelley Corman
07/11/2000 06:09 PM
Please plan to attend an in-house training session on an "Introduction to the 
Electric Industry."   Jim Crist, a lecturer with IGT  is preparing a day-long 
seminar customized to our interests and issues 
Here is my "top 4 list" on why GPG staff need to increase our understanding 
of the electric industry.
First and foremost, gas-fired electric generation is the growth market for 
gas pipelines.  We need to get a sense of why and where generation is being 
built and who the likely customers are.  This involves understanding the 
different between utility generation and merchant plants, the dynamics of 
siting, understanding a little bit about how utilities plan and economically 
justify generation investments.
Second, we need to understand electric utilities as customers.  Who is the 
customer these days -- the generator?  Who should we be dealing with within 
the utility organization.  What types of load patterns should we expect 
various types of electric players?  What types of services do they need?  We 
also need to get a sense of how the timing of their processes 
compare/contrast to our processes on the gas side.
Third, we need to understand the regulatory climate on the electric side and 
the implications for electric generation demand growth.  We need to 
understand the state/federal jurisdictional issues.  We need to learn about 
the debates over ATC, TLR, locational marginal pricing, price caps, and 
control areas.  We need to understand how these issues fit into Enron's 
position in support of restructuring the electric industry, unbundling 
transmission, removing native load exceptions, and avoiding prices caps and 
we need to understand how these debates affect GPG.
Fourth, we need to understand electric tariffs and practices, services and 
OASIS because the FERC has started to insist on common rules between gas and 
electric.  The recent electric interconnection policy has now been applied on 
the gas side.  FERC is talking about imposing the RTO principles on 
pipelines. And, we hear a lot of comparisons between OASIS and pipeline 
EBBs.  We want to learn how to take advantage of electric best practices 
where it makes sense and on the flip side, know how to argue against the 
imposition of electric rules on our pipelines where there are legitimate 
differences between gas and electric.
I've shared this list of interests with Jim Crist as he prepares a customized 
seminar for us.  Please feel free to email me with any other areas of 
interest for the course.   I will keep you posted on the specific location as 
things progress.  In the meantime, please make sure to save the date Please pass this notice along to others in your organization that may be 
interested.
Thinking about bailing out of the big O for a couple of days w/o rugrats or 
Sandra. Taking Kari out of her native biome is more hassle than its worth 
these days.  Might just blow up for a long weekend and do some fishing and 
beer drinking.  Send me the name of that book on flyfishing in the Hills--I 
want to see if I can get it on Amazon.   AMFDJF 
Sorry, I neglected to forward this to you earlier.   You've gotta give these 
guys credit for being tenacious!  I'll keep you posted on any meaningful 
developments after their meeting with DOE on the 25th.  Thanks for your 
patience.  DF 
Just got an update on the project that won't go away.  Dennis has a meeting 
lined up with DOE decisionmakers on the 25th.  He is going to pitch the 
project as an approximately 100 mw power plant, to be owned by (read 
"financed by") DOE, with the gas pipeline owned by Dennis and\or third 
parties (read "Enron"?).  Dennis has run economics that show the DOE will get 
a more than 10% cost savings on the project compared to current PNM rates, 
even assuming a fairly high gas transport cost because of the smaller gas 
load.  How did he do it?  Very easy:  they ran the power plant economics 
using about a $2.00 gas cost instead of current, real world prices.   Dennis' 
argument is going to be:  "I'll take the risk on building the pipeline and 
the power plant at a capped cost, and then sell the power plant to you "You take the risk on gas cost:  if gas cost tracks the 18-24 month average, 
you will realize your 10% cost savings, but if current fuel costs continue or 
escalate, you lose."    Either way, your reliability improves and you kick 
PNM in the shins."  Dennis and Tino apparently think they can sell DOE on 
this.  By the way, their current story on Richardson is that he won't resign, 
and won't be forced out by the administration because that would create even 
more publicity.  You'll love this:  they think Richardson is even more likely 
to sign off on the deal now because his chances of being nominated for VP or 
cabinet are dead and he now has nothing to lose in DC.  They think his real 
angle is now to bring home the bacon to New Mexico and then run for governor 
out there!!  Apparently the rank and file out in the home state think he got 
hosed and made a scapegoat unfairly  I've asked  Lorna Brennan to pull some historical San Juan prices together 
to give to Tino to confirm whether his $2 price is wacky.  Other than that, I 
just told Tino that we are potentially interested in the pipeline part of the 
project if the risks and rewards make sense, and that EE&CC might be 
interested in the design/build on all of it.  He said he'd get back to me 
after the 25th meeting and tell me whether the project is undead.  DF 
Thanks--excellent news.  DF
FYI
Good news:  I've just received word that the FERC has issued an order denying 
SoCal's request for rehearing of the Gallup order.  FERC also ordered that 
TW's request for rehearing (which asked the Commission not to require TW to 
disclose discounted rates) is now moot because we filed a discount report at 
the time required by Section 284.7(b)(6) of the Commission's rules (as we 
always do 
If SoCal is still feeling vindictive, they can file an appeal in the D.C. 
Circuit.  I believe their window is 60 days.  In any event, the pendency of 
an appeal would not affect the validity of our certificate.
If you have any questions, let me know.
pls print for me.  thanks df
Attached for your review is a draft of Transport Options filing that 
incorporates the comments and suggestions I've received since last week Please provide any further suggestions/changes to me as soon as possible, but 
in no case later than close of business, Friday, July 14 
The timeline I've discussed with TW Commercial for this project is as follows:
Final draft comments   Friday, July 14
Circulate draft to customers,
customer meetings, time for
customers to respond, informal 
discussion with FERC   Mon. July 17 - Wed. July 26
Final internal review/edit of filing  Thursday, July 27
FERC filing    Monday, July 31
Please let me know your comments on this proposed timeline as well.  Thank 
you.
Can't make it, unfortunately.  The agenda sounds great--I believe you have 
seen the latest draft of the proposed options filing for TW, so I have 
nothing else to add on that.  Thanks. DF 
Shelley Corman
07/13/2000 03:55 PM
Dan Larcamp, Director of the FERC Office of Markets, Tariffs and Rates will 
be visiting Enron on July 18.   I am planning for him to have lunch with a 
group of staff from the GPG at 11:30 (catered lunch in 50M).  Please RSVP at 
your earliest convenience whether you can participate in this lunch meeting 
and/or the topics that you would like to see us discuss.
The lunch discussion will be informal, but I think we should have two or 
three themes that we'd like to steer discussions towards.  Here are some 
tentative ideas.
How to Bring New Ideas to FERC.  Get Dan's suggestions on how to best work 
with FERC on new ideas.  Perhaps talk about capacity options as an example.
What were his Impressions about the Recent Outreach Meetings.  Did he hear 
anything new from any trade groups.   Is there any general feedback he'd like 
to give to pipelines as a group?
Get Dan to Talk about Expectations for the fall Order 637 Technical 
Conferences.  The first conference has been scheduled for Sept. 19.  What are 
the top issues on Staff's mind What Does he expect to see in the upcoming RTO filings.  Are there Staff 
resources concerns that we should be aware of and/or any suggestions for gas 
filings during this time period? 
FYI - Here is an outline of what I tentatively has lined up for Dan's visit.
10:30-11:30 Trading Floor Visit  Christi Nicolay/Kevin Presto/Steve Kean
11:30-1  Lunch (50M)   GPG Staff
1-1:30  Gas Control Tour  Mike Bryant
pls grab me when I come in and make me do this.  thanks df
Sent by: Enron Announcements
As the Global VP/MD mid-year PRC draws closer, I want to take the opportunity 
to stress to you the importance of  updating your profile information in the 
GIS system.  Details on your current responsibilities, employment history, 
skills and education should have been updated by 7 July 2000.   For those of 
you that have not opened your profile in GIS, I urge you to do so as soon as 
possible to ensure that your profiles are current and complete 
GIS is accessible via the HRWEB home page on the intranet.  You may go to 
hrweb.enron.com and look for the GIS link, or just type eglobal.enron.com on 
the command line of the browser. 
Your  timely response to this request is greatly appreciated. 
Thank you,
Great draft!  I had just a few comments and typos, set out in this redline I'll be in to take a look at the tariff sheets a bit later this AM.  Thanks 
for the excellent work!   Martha, pls copy for Steve Stojic 
I'm up for Wed. pm assuming a flight from denver to dc is available Martha--please check and make sure there is a late flight from denver to 
dc--leaving after 5 pm would be best.  pls coordinate with jeff.  thanks Jeff:
Please note the message below.  If you can help us out, that would be great,
but I have passed along the word that we need to wrap up with you by 3:30 or
so.
In any event, I'll GB
 George,