- 9-19 The M Group.pdf
I think I mentioned this before to you. Dave Noonan and I jointly own a 3 bedroom condo in Park City, Utah. If you and your wife, with or without kids, want to get away for a break(and remain beyond the California borders), you are welcome to use it. It sits vacant most of the time.
Thanks. I'll take the third week of February. By the way-- if you call the house during that week and someone tells you they rented it from me for $5000 per day, that's my brother and no matter what he says, that's only an inside joke in our family.
I think I mentioned this before to you. Dave Noonan and I jointly own a 3 bedroom condo in Park City, Utah. If you and your wife, with or without kids, want to get away for a break(and remain beyond the California borders), you are welcome to use it. It sits vacant most of the time.
Sounds good
Andy Edison tells me we are considering using John Quinn in case EBS files an arbitration versus Qwest.  Also, we may need California counsel to file some suits for EES against some customers for breach of contract.  The amount of these claims range from $150,000 to $2 million.  I was going to propose using Shaun Morgan and Kristen Bird, who did outstanding jobs on the UC/CSU case, to handle these. 
FYI. Jim
Hi Jim--
I am glad you got the book.  I thought reading it might help you go to sleep.  Seriously, it is a terrific piece of work.  I am sure Mark will find it helpful.
I understand that it has been finally determined the unfair competition\antitrust suits against Ernon are now is state court in California.   You have invested a lot of money educating us about your business. If there is anything we can do to help you, Robin and his team, we would be delighted to pitch in any way we can.
If you and Karrin ever make it out here, Mary and I would love to get together again.
,
Bill
A. William Urquhart
Quinn Emanuel Urquhart Oliver & Hedges LLP
865 South Figueroa Street, 10th Floor
Los Angeles, CA  90017
Tel:  (213) 624-7707
Fax:  (213) 624-0643
E-Mail:  awu@quinnemanuel.com
Web 
>> "Derrick Jr., James"  Bill, thank you for the treatise relating to the law of the internet.  I
have passed it on to Mark Holworth of our legal department, who often
deals with these issues for Enron.  I hope all is well with you and
yours.  All the best.  Jim
Thanks for the check. The entire Sanders family is going next weekend for a "work weekend." It woild be great if you could go, even for a short time. No one is bringing kids, although Ben is old enough to help. Call me if you want details. 713-853-5587.
Call me on my cell phone 713-410-6128. I am ready to go.
I am traveling with my brother to Picton on Feb 22. Do you have a room w/ 2 beds for the night of the 22nd?
I would like to book a room w/ 2 beds for Thurs the 21st. I have inquired on the NZ bed and breakfast website but cannot get to the reservation desk. My Visa # is 4388 5490 0061 6748 exp 11/03. Can you confirm a reservation?
All joking aside, we would love to use it. Maybe next summer. By the way, although I have not invited you and Dave to come to Portland on the 3rd, you are welcome. I am not sure it is the best use of your time. I am flying to SF to meet w/ Gary on the day of the 3rd to catch up on FERC issues You may want to come to that.
I think I mentioned this before to you. Dave Noonan and I jointly own a 3 bedroom condo in Park City, Utah. If you and your wife, with or without kids, want to get away for a break(and remain beyond the California borders), you are welcome to use it. It sits vacant most of the time.
In your firm's name
I assume you got this. Do you want the repository in Enron's name or in my firm's name? It might be advisable not to have Enron as the named tenant in Sacramento. I do not have a problem having the firm or myself as the tenant. I am already subject to jurisdiction here.
The information contained in this e-mail message and any accompanying documents is subject to the attorney-client privilege and/or the attorney work product rule and is confidential business information intended only for the use of the individual or entity named above.  The information herein may also be protected by the Electronic Communications Privacy Act, 18 U.S.C. ?? 2510-2521.  If the reader of this message is not the intended recipient or representative of the recipient, you are hereby notified that any dissemination of this communication is strictly prohibited.  If you have received this communication in error, please notify the Systems Administrator at admin@pkns.com and immediately delete this message from your system.
Received: by b1b.brobeck.com; id QAA21482; Tue, 18 Sep 2001 16:30:20 -0700 (PDT)
X-Server-Uuid: b0fe6c76-9e59-11d1-b373-00805fa7c2de
Tracy Wilson faxed copies of the new sublease agreement to Mike Kirby and to
me.  Our boxes and our telephone lines will be moved this Thursday, 9/20/01,
to Room 55, a 165 square foot interior office with a closet on the West side
of the 9th floor at 400 Capitol Mall Executive Center.
Bob
Yes. XL.RC#105656
SENT ON BEHALF OF LISA MELLENCAMP
Please save the date!
For those new to the EWS legal group and as a reminder to those who are not, we are having our annual EWS Legal Conference at The Woodlands on Thursday afternoon and Friday morning, October 11 and 12, 2001.
The meeting will begin with lunch on Thursday at 12:00 noon followed by speakers beginning at 1:00 p.m.   The meeting will conclude at 12:00 noon on Friday.
Please RSVP to Linda Simmons as soon as possible.  When responding please include your company and rc number.  Also, we need your shirt size (S, M, L, XL, 2XL).
Soon you will receive another e-mail about the various leisure activities that are being planned.
We look forward to seeing everyone at the conference.
Linda Simmons
Dear Richard, 
As requested, please find hereinbelow the different sections of Law No. 25,188 of Public Ethics (PEL) and of our criminal code (CC) that could be in play in this matter.
Please notice that we have recently discovered through our criminal lawyer the unpublished opinion of the Anticorruption Office dlivered at the enquiry of the Secretary of Communications. Some of the ideas therein expressed could benefit Mr. X in case than a specific investigation or challenge is made. We will work in a memo to illustrate on the matter.
Section 13, PEL: It is incompatible with public office: 
a) to manage, administer, represent, sponsor, provide any advise, or, by any other means, render services to any person that negotiates or has a concession or is a supplier of the State or performs activities regulated by the same, so long as the relevant public office position has a direct competence with respect to the engagement, achievement, negotiation or control of such concessions, benefits or activities;
b) to be a supplier, either on its behalf or on behalf of a third party, of any State body where the relevant person is an officer.
Section 15, PEL: If at the moment of his appointment, the public officer is held to be within any of the incompatibilities mentioned in Section 13, he must:
a) resign to such activities as a condition precedent to assuming the position. 
b) refrain himself from intervening, during the performance of his duties as an officer, in matters related to the persons with whom or issues in which he were connected with for the past three (3) years or where he has a corporate participation.
In such circumstances, those acts could be considered null and void and generate the responsibility mentioned in section 17 of the abovementioned law that provides:
Section 17, PEL: Notwithstanding the rights of any third party acting in good faith, in the event that the acts performed by the persons comprised in Section 1 are within the scope of Sections 13, 14 and 15, the same shall be absolutely invalid and void. In case of the issuance of an administrative act, such acts shall be absolutely invalid and void pursuant to the terms of Section 14 of law No. 19,549.
The concession companies or other counter parties shall be severally liable for any damages caused to the State by these acts.
Section 173, CC: 
Fraudulent administration 
Notwithstanding the general provision of the above-mentioned Section, the following shall be considered special cases of fraud and shall be subject to the penalties established therein[prison of one month to six years ...7) who, due to any applicable law, authority or legal act, is in charge of the management, administration or care of assets or economic interests belonging to a third party, with the purpose of seeking on its behalf or on behalf of a third party an illegal profit or of causing damage, infringes the duty of care, damaging the entrusted interests or illegitimately forces the owner of the same Section 256, CC: 
Passive Corruption 
The public officer who, on its behalf or through any third party, receives money or any other grant or accepts a direct or indirect promise, in order to act, delay the performance or omit to act with respect to anything related to his office, shall be punished with confinement or prison from one to six years and perpetual disqualification to hold a public position.
Section 256 (bis), CC: 
Influence peddling 
Who, on its behalf or through any third party, asks for or receives money or any other grant or accepts a direct or indirect promise, in order to illegally influence a public officer so as to make the latter act, delay the performance or omit to act with respect to anything related to his office, shall be punished with confinement or prison from one to six years and life disqualification to hold a public position..
Section 258, CC: 
Active Corruption 
Who, direct or indirectly, grants or offers benefits seeking any of the behaviours referred in  articles 256 and 256 (bis), first paragraph, shall be punished with prison from one to six years. If the grant was made or offered to obtain any of the referred behaviours by articles 256 bis, second paragraph and 257, the punishment will be of prison from two to six years. If it was a public officer, he will be punished with special disqualification from two to six years in the first case and from three to ten years in the second one.
Section 258 (bis), CC: 
Influence peddling 
Who grants or offers to a public officer of another State, direct or indirectly, any  value or other benefits as donations, favours, promises or advantages, in order to illegally influence him so as to make, as exchange, the latter act or omit to act with respect to anything related to his office related to any transaction of economic or commercial nature, shall be punished with confinement from one to six years and life disqualification to hold a public position.
Section 268 (3), CC: 
Affidavit Omission or Falsification 
Who, under law and in view of its position, is required to file a patrimonial affidavit and maliciously omits to do so, shall be punished with prison from fifteen days to two years and perpetual disqualification.
The violation shall be deemed such when, upon sufficient notification demanding compliance, the relevant person fails to comply with the requested obligations within the terms foreseen by applicable laws.
The same penalty shall be applicable to anyone who maliciously falsifies or omits to include in the referred affidavits any data or information that is required to be included in accordance with any applicable law and regulations.
Do not hesitate in contacting us should you need any further clarificaction. 
Guido Santiago Tawil 
M. & M. Bomchil 
Suipacha 268, piso 12 
(C1008AAF) Buenos Aires 
Argentina 
Tel  (54 11) 4321 7500 
Fax (54 11) 4321 7555 
E-mail gt@bomchil.com.ar 
www.bomchil.com.ar 
I have done it but not until this morning. You may want to call him. Also-Novack and Williams have not completed reviews.
Hey Richard-I'm just following up to tell you that I want to take Bruce Lundstrom off my review list and ass John Guidry who is a client, since Bruce is already on the PRC anyway. How do I do that?
Michelle
Call Guidry. Bruce is probably relieved he doesn't have to complete another form. I also left you a VM on the propsed McCartney trip. I need you to coordinate through Stephanie so we can get the dates set in stone.
I haven't completed any of mine.  Our understanding down here is that we got an extension.  Do you mean call Guidry or Lundstrom?  Do I need to do something on line?
I have done it but not until this morning. You may want to call him. Also-Novack and Williams have not completed reviews.
Hey Richard-I'm just following up to tell you that I want to take Bruce Lundstrom off my review list and ass John Guidry who is a client, since Bruce is already on the PRC anyway. How do I do that?
Michelle
I would have David interface with the Costilla D&O insurer. I would call Jim Studdert re Enron coverage.
Is there an insurer to whom we ought to forward the Zapata and/or Harris county suits? In the alternative, should I send a copy to David Brown at VE? 
Yes-- deal with Willie directly. As for the claim of 1.825 million, as long as ENA accounting agrees to that #, I am fine. Is that just ENA or does EES also have a claim?
Hello!
It was nice to see you at the POS event last week.  I can't believe that
we're into a new school year. I'm sorry I haven't been in touch; we did a
fair amount of traveling this summer and now I'm over my head preparing for
a trial that begins mid-October.
I assume/hope that you did receive a payment from the PCA trustee on
account of EPMI's allowed claim.  If you didn't, shame on me for not
following up.  If you need me to, please just let me know.
The only other open matter I have for ENA is in the Perry Gas case in which
ENA filed a proof of claim in the amount of about $1,918,000.  A plan of
liquidation has been confirmed by the Bankruptcy Court and the anticipated
(not guaranteed) payout over time is expected to be in the 55-60% range.
The post-confirmation trustee is in the process of reconciling claims.
From the email below sent to my from the post-liquidation trustee's counsel
(who was also counsel to Perry Gas during the bankruptcy case), it appears
that the trustee's accounting people have been talking to Willie Stewart in
accounting at ENA to try to reconcile the slightly different numbers.
From what I understand, Willie Stewart and Perry agree that, with the
exception of $78,337.16 that ENA owed Perry  for August 1999 deliveries,
the amount of the prepetition claim is $1,903,490.72.   Provided that there
is no disagreement about the amount of unpaid sales from Perry to ENA for
August 1999, the $78,337.16 should be offset against the $1,903,490.72
claim, which would leave ENA with a prepetition claim of $1,825,153.56.
I would be happy to deal directly with Willie on this if you'd like -- just
let me know.  If Willie agrees with the $78,337.16 amount due to Perry for
August 1999, do I have authority to agree to the prepetition claim of
$1,825,153.56?  Perry has made one distribution and I'll get the commitment
up front that as soon as the agreed order allowing ENA's claim, Perry will
cut a check for the first distribution.
If my case settles, I'll give you a call to set up a lunch.  I'd like to
get caught up.  Thanks and take care.
Thanks,
Randall A. Rios
Floyd, Isgur, Rios & Wahrlich, P. C.
700 Louisiana, Suite 4600
Houston, Texas 77002-2732
Tel: 713 222-1468
Fax: 713 222-1475
Email: rrios@floydisgur.com
Randy,
The name of the person with whom I have had contact is:
Willie Stewart:  Tel.  (713) 853-5950,  Fax (713) 646-8420
I will follow this up with a fax containing a summary of their A/R balances
with Perry Gas.
,
Maurice Marichal
**********NOTE The information contained in this email message is intended only
for use of the individual or entity named above.  If the reader
of this message is not the intended recipient, or the employee or
agent responsible to deliver it to the intended recipient, you
are hereby notified that any dissemination, distribution or
copying of this communication is strictly prohibited.  If you
have received this communication in error, please immediately
notify us by telephone (713-546-5000), and destroy the original
message. Thank you.
Twanda will call you
Mr. Sanders,
Gary has asked me to book flights for you and him from San Francisco to
Portland on 10/3/01.  Would the 5:47pm flight leaving SFO, landing at 7:22pm
okay?  Please let me know so I may book these flights.
Thank you.
Jane
Jane Chen
Brobeck, Phleger & Harrison, LLP
Assistant to Gary Fergus & Kirstin Wolf
SF ext. 2944
SF rm. 2917c
DD (415) 979-2944
all 3's. She wasn't bad.
Your comments are needed for Lisa Wynters who sat in for Twanda Sweet on 5/25 and 5/29.  Please return as soon as possible.  Thank you!-Becky
Excellent = 5       Above Average = 4      Average = 3            Below Average = 2            Poor = 1
Initiative
Cooperation
Punctuality
Attendance
Quality of Work
Would you request this person again Y/N?
Comments:
I am flying in on the morning of the 3rd, arriving at approx. 9:30. I will be leaving for Portland at 5:30. That should give us from 10:30 to 3:30.
Richard- I definitely want to attend the FERC briefing with you and Gary Fergus in San Francisco. Is it on Oct 2 or 3? At what time? I have advised Dave Noonan about it and he will go if he isn't in New York. Are you going from San Francisco to Portland on the evening of the 3rd? Let me know. Thanks
The information contained in this e-mail message and any accompanying documents is subject to the attorney-client privilege and/or the attorney work product rule and is confidential business information intended only for the use of the individual or entity named above.  The information herein may also be protected by the Electronic Communications Privacy Act, 18 U.S.C. ?? 2510-2521.  If the reader of this message is not the intended recipient or representative of the recipient, you are hereby notified that any dissemination of this communication is strictly prohibited.  If you have received this communication in error, please notify the Systems Administrator at admin@pkns.com and immediately delete this message from your system.
You have this on my calender for the 27th of September.
The Litigation group's Quarterly Legal Review with Mark Haedicke is scheduled for Thursday, October 25, from 3:00 to 5:00 p.m. in EB38C2.  Please plan to attend.
Thank you.
Janette Elbertson
Enron Wholesale Services
Legal Department
Telephone:  (713) 853-7906
Fax:  (713) 646-2600
e-mail:  janette.elbertson@
Jim Derrick sent me your message to him about this lawsuit. Thanks for your intrerest. We have already retained V&E to represent us. 
Thanks. I am a mean 30 handicap.
Gentlemen:  I work with Bill Abington, Partner in our Financial Advisory
Services Group at PricewaterhouseCoopers - Houston.  Bill met with you on
Wednesday and asked that I add your names to our mailing lists for the
various activities hosted by our group during the year.  In order to make
sure that I put you on mailing lists for the events that you would find
most interesting, would you please advise me if you play golf or shoot
sporting clays?  We have our annual Sporting Clays event coming up on
October 19th at American Shooting Center.  If you are interested in either
golf or clays, would you please let me know?  Thank you.
Lisa Snell
PricewaterhouseCoopers
1201 Louisiana, Suite 2900
Houston, Texas  77002
(713) 356-4437
email - lisa.d.snell@us.pwcglobal.com
I would like to talk to your partner. Can you give me the info.
Richard:  One of my litigation partners mentioned to me the other day that he had seen that Enron recently had been sued by Bid/Ask LLC in the Eastern District of Texas. I assume that this type of case would fall under your "jurisdiction."  (Just what you need, another lawsuit 
Apparently, this caught my partner's attention because he recently had been considered as litigation counsel by another company that had been sued by Bid/Ask for infringement of Bid/Ask's patent and, in that respect, had done a considerable amount of diligence on Bid/Ask's patent and its patent application history. (This lawyer is a patent litigator).  He surmised that the lawsuit against Enron might be somewhat along the same lines; however, I don't know whether or not this is the case or not.
Since the action was brought in Texas, I assume that you are (or will be) using one of your Texas outside counsels to assist you.  Nonetheless, I thought I would just mention this prior diligence to you on the off hand chance that it could be of some assistance to you or your outside counsel, at least in terms of getting a download of any information that we may be able to impart in the event the case is very similar to this previous one.
I hope that you are doing well (or as well as can be expected with everything you have going on).  Congratulations on the resolution of the CA Senate investigation proceeding.  Let me know if you want to follow up at all on this.  If I don't talk to you before then, hopefully we can catch up for a few minutes at the ENA Legal Conference in two weeks.
John
I have to move some stuff around on the 8th. Is that set in stone?
Are you available for a call with George and I this afternoon?  George, what works for you? 
The 8th is fine. Mel knows he never responded since I have raised that with
him three times. George we need your help with Seth. I was in Washington
today and they are not ready on damages although they were supposed to be. I
am going to meet them again on Friday to drive this foward. They need
additional information from you and maybe a pep talk. I have already tried
to impress on them the urgency of the situation  
ISAS Members and Interested Parties,
OATI is currently not prepared to accommodate open ended testing during the
WSCC test period of now through Tuesday, February 12, 2002. However, they
have graciously agreed to provide us with two, four hour test periods as
follows:
Thursday, February 7, 2002, 0800-1200PPT
Monday, February 11, 2002, 0800-1200PPT 
Please make best efforts to kick the tires on E-Tag 1.7 during these time
frames. We have attached another copy of the WSCC testing guidelines.
Thanks and Good Luck!
Report.doc 
please sign me up for myself and spouse.
Thank you
Diana Scholtes
Flu Shot Clinic Sponsored By Enron
When:  Tuesday, November 13, 2001
Time: 8:30 a.m.-10:30 a.m.
Where:  Enron 3WTC Office
Who: Enron employees, spouses and domestic partners are 							welcome to participate
Please sign up, via email to Josie Jarnagin,  by Tuesday, November 6, 2001.
The following is a list of employees already signed up for the clinic.
Last Name	First Name	Quantity	
Alport	Kysa	1	
Axford	Kathy	1	
Belden	Tim	2	
Bruce	James	1	
Calger 	Chris	1	
Clark	Ed	2	
Cutsforth	Diane	1	
Davidson	Debra	1	
Driscoll	Michael	1	
Elafandi	Mo	1	
Eriksson	Fredrik	1	
Fuller	Dave	1	
Gilbert	Jim	2	
Gustafson	Mollie	1	
Hall	Steve	1	
Hall	Erin	1	
Malowney	John	1	
Mays	Wayne	1	
Meyer	Jim	1	
Miles	Darryl	2	
Mumm	Chris	1	
Nalluri	Susmitha	2	
Nelson	Kourtney	1	
Oh	John	1	
Rance	Susan	2	
Rasmussen	Dale	1	
Semperger	Cara	2	
Sheppard	Kathryn	1	
Shields	Jeff	2	
Slaughter	Jeff	2	
Soderquist	Larry	1	
Van Gelder	Jon	2	
Villeggiante	Theresa	1	
Wente	Laura	1	
Williams	Bill	1	
Williams III	Bill	1	
Yoder	Christian	2	
Either Sean or I will be forwarding the e-mails to real-time for now on.
Diana
Diana,
Here is the message that Kate sent to Diane, and the original messages from Diane are below that. I think we will have this sorted out going forward.
Let me know if you have any questions.
Thanks,
Bill
Diane -
I'd like to clarify the type of information Real Time needs in order to fulfill positions for the short term desks. 	As we're all sadly aware, PGE has become increasingly frustrated with our confusion regarding delivery points when we do lending and parking deals with them, so it is imperative that any information included in an e-mail to Real Time corroborates with data entered into Enpower. Following are the discrepancies I see between Enpower and the information given to Real Time:
1. On Sunday, according to Enpower, STNW is long on peak @ PGE System. The deal number that would be relevant to Real Time in this case would be the purchase (855033, not 855032). That way we can link our real time sales to the day-ahead purchase in Deal Scheduling. Also, Diana confirmed that this length should be sold off @ Mid-Columbia, not PGE System, which is not what is shown in Enpower. 
2. On Monday, according to Enpower, STNW is short 53 mw on peak @ Mid-Columbia. The relevant deal number here would be 855044 - again, we only need to know the deal number that corresponds with your position. Also, since anything that alludes to the wrong hours, delivery point, or deal number only serves to confuse the traders on shift, I was thinking it might work better if we sat down and went over these positions together before sending anything out to the group. (This is what I do with Holden when STSW does lending or parking deals.)
Please let me know if you have any questions about this, or any suggestions about how to make this work more smoothly.
Thanks,
Kate 
Forgot the light load on Monday and deal numbers The deal number is 855032.1 for Sunday the 4th 7-22 Heavy Load  Hours only 
The deal numbers for the 53 MWH on light load for Monday is 854942.1/855044.1 - please supply at PGE System.
For November 4th, Midc HL hours 7-22 only, we are 50 long, please supply at PGE system.
Diane Cutsforth
FYI
This just came to me today.  This information is widely available to corporations and law enforcement around the country.  It will likely hit the media in the next day or so.  This is all the information that is available.
Enron Corp. Business Controls/Corporate Security received the following information via the National Threat Warning system.  While we do not wish to unduly alarm employees, the specificity of the information dictated immediate dissemination to our West Coast offices 
THE FBI IS IN POSSESSION OF UNCORROBORATED INFORMATION INDICATING THE
POSSIBILITY OF ADDITIONAL TERRORIST ATTACKS AGAINST THE UNITED STATES,
SPECIFICALLY THE WEST COAST.  REPORTEDLY, UNSPECIFIED GROUPS ARE
TARGETING SUSPENSION BRIDGES ON THE WEST COAST.  SIX INCIDENTS ARE TO
TAKE PLACE DURING RUSH HOUR BEGINNING FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 2 AND CONTINUING
THROUGH NOVEMBER 7, 2001.
NO FURTHER INFORMATION ABOUT THIS ALLEGED ATTACK IS KNOWN AT THIS TIME.
THE FBI IS ATTEMPTING TO VERIFY THE VALIDITY OF THIS REPORT.  RECIPIENTS
WILL BE UPDATED AS EVENTS WARRANT.
RECIPIENTS WHO RECEIVE OR DEVELOP INFORMATION RELATED TO THIS MATTER
SHOULD IMMEDIATELY CONTACT THEIR LOCAL FBI OFFICE.
We will keep you apprised if we receive any further information.
Thank you.
Top 10 reasons why trick or treating is better than sex..... 8 
10. You're guaranteed to get at least a little something in the sack.
9. If you get tired, you can wait ten minutes and go at it again.
8. The uglier you look, the easier it is to get some.
7. You don't have to compliment the person who gave you candy.
6. It's okay when the person you're with fantasizes you're someone else,
because you ARE someone else.
5. 40 years from now you will still enjoy candy.
4. If you don't get what you want, you can always go next door.
3. It doesn't matter if the kids hear you moaning and groaning.
2. Less guilt the next morning.
.....AND the #1 reason,
1. You can do the whole neighborhood!!
Happy Halloween ! Be safe!
During the past few days several people have approached us wondering why we are continuing to do college recruiting and continuing with the floor build out given the state of the company today.  We appreciate people's concerns about adding people and spending money at a time when we ought to be reducing unnecessary expenses.  Let us begin by saying that we share these concerns and are not hiring people or undertaking significant capital expenditures without a great deal of thought.  We would also encourage people to talk to their manager or either of us if you don't understand why we are doing certain things.  In short, we have decided to continue with the college recruiting, although we have not yet decided how many, if any, we will hire.  We have decided to delay the beginning of the floor build out for a couple of weeks.
Why Are We Continuing With College Recruiting?
During the last few years we have made tremendous progress establishing a presence for Enron broadly and the Portland office specifically with leading schools in the northwest.  This past year we finally reached critical mass and had tremendous success in our recruiting efforts.  Although we are uncertain about our hiring needs this year, we feel that it is in our best long term interest to continue having a presence with the schools in the northwest.  We have already made presentations and done initial screenings at most schools.  We have identified the best people from each school and have already made plans for them to come to our office for two super Saturdays.  The cost to us to finish this process is not large compared to the benefit that we gain from honoring our commitment to the schools and students as participants in their on-campus recruiting programs.  We also realize that it is a hard year to be coming out of school looking for a job.  It is our belief that students would rather interview with us even if the possibilities of employment may be somewhat diminished.  Finally, we would like to emphasize the point that we have not yet committed to hiring anybody.  We will interview people, identify the best candidates, and make hiring decisions based on the needs of the office.  Before extending offers we will consider the potential impact that it could have on people in this office and Enron employees in other offices who have been redeployed.  Stated another way, we don't intend to hire a bunch of new people if there are people within Enron who could fill positions or if it would put the jobs of the people already here at risk.  We may end up postponing hiring decisions until we are more certain about the state of affairs in the company.
How Will the Floor Move Play Out?
We have decided to postpone the floor build out for a few weeks.  While we still think that it makes sense for the office, we have decided to pause for a couple of weeks before we start to spend significant amounts of money on this.  When talking to the build out team today it became clear that delaying would accomplish several goals.  First, it allows us to get final architectural plans in place and firm quotes from contractors so that we can more precisely peg down the costs before moving forward.  Second, it gives the build out team breathing room to iron out more of the details of the move.  Finally, it buys us a little more time to decide whether or not it makes sense to do this project given the state of affairs of the company right now.  While we still think that we are going to move forward with this project, it seems like buying a couple of weeks of time is the right thing to do right now.  In about two weeks we will reconvene with the build out team with firm budget numbers and make a decision to either move ahead, cancel, or delay again. =20
As always, we will try to keep people updated on things as soon as new, reliable information becomes available.  We recognize that this is a very hard time for everyone.  Please try to stay focused on the job at hand and keep up the success of this office.
Tim Belden and Chris Calger
Hi, Here is my schedule to be home in Nov.
11/5 - 11/9 and 11/26 - 11/30.
The rest of the time I'll be gone somewhere. If your schedule says to come some other time during the month, I'll make sure there will be someone here.
Let me know what your plans are.
Hey Monica!
Long time no hear!  Just wanted to make sure you and Kristian are doing fine.  Morale here is extremely low.  I'm sure its the same there.  But we continue to be busy.  Good thing for all of us!  When are you guys coming back to the states?  By the way, how are your parents?  I hope they are safe and well.  Keep in touch!
Diana
thanks
Spoke to Houston, and they know that it is not working. It is a problem with the database. The Database Administrators are working on it as we speak. As soon as it is done, they will call me.
Michael S. Tully
Trade Floor Support, Portland
(503)464-7790 Desk
(503)807-7862 Cell
michael.tully@
He who runs behind car, often get exhausted.
Hey just wanted you to know that the Real-Time position Mgr. is still not working; or updating 
ds
Hey just wanted you to know that the Real-Time position Mgr. is still not working; or updating 
ds
From the desk of
Bill Scholtes
Premier Pump Company
Virginia,
Not sure who handles the PGE account, but I have completed the settlements for the year 2001.  I am still working on Dec 2000 issues and should have those complete this week.  Can you please forward this to the appropriate people in Houston.
Thanks,
Diana Scholtes
FYI 
Here's our password for the TSIN registry.  Dave, I figured someone in IT would need to have this password incase Cara and I aren't around 
Diana
login and password for EPMI is
jzurita
redfish
Note EPMI has two desks EPMIEA and EPMIWE
If you dont mind just email me the changes you have made.
Thanks.
julie,
this is first of the month week for us and busy!  if there is no one else, let me know and we can try to re-arrange our coverage.
Thanks,
diana
Diana,
Would you be available to help me with the Assoc / Analyst recruiting this week?  We are going to Portland State this week 
Here's how it works:  There is an Info Session on Thursday at 5:00 PM and interviews on Friday.  The Info Session is from 5:00 PM  --> 6:30.  There is a PowerPoint presentation which explains Enron's business  which depending upon how many questions, usually takes from an hour to an hour and a half.
Then, Friday morning, we are only interviewing in the morning from 8:00 AM to 12:00 Noon.  The interviews are 1/2 hour each.  You should be back to the office before Noon. 
Would your schedule allow you to help me out?
Julie K
x7404
sean just asked who jeff shields was AGAIN	
Wonder what their nomination will be for Nov?
Thanks
Diana
O.K.!  Just to keep you appraised of what I'm doing,  I have left a message with Bob Sullivan @ CISO and I spoke to WAPA.  I think the call to WAPA was just to notify them that they won't be managing Shasta's transmission position for the term of our deal.  I'm going to be working with Bob Sullivan to create procedures for scheduling purposes.  Not sure if you want to stay in the loop for that?  You can update Gerry though, for me.  I appreciate your help!
Thanks
Diana
Diana,
Great work.  Is there anything you need me to do?
If everything is in place, I will contact Gerry Cupp at Shasta letting him know.  Or, if he needs to do something, I will get that started.
Thanks,
Laird
Vicky,
Thank you again for you assistance with this process.  As you requested, this is our notification to PG&E of our purchase from the City of Shasta Lake of their COTP Transmission Capacity bi-directionally.  The term of the deal will include the months of November and December 2001.  Also as you requested, I faxed the Confirmation Notice between Shasta and EPMI to your office.  I have listed my office number below if you have any further questions.
Thanks again,
Diana Scholtes
Enron West Trading	
503-464-3807
diana.scholtes@	
Vicky,
Thank you again for you assistance with this process.  As you requested, this is our notification to PG&E of our purchase from the City of Shasta Lake of their COTP Transmission Capacity bi-directionally.  The term of the deal will include the months of November and December 2001.  Also as you requested, I faxed the Confirmation Notice between Shasta and EPMI to your office.  I have listed my office number below if you have any further questions.
Thanks again,
Diana Scholtes
Enron West Trading	
503-464-3807
diana.scholtes@	
Lynn,
Who can I talk to regarding my password to get into the TSIN site 
Diana Scholtes	
Enron 
503-464-3807
diana.scholtes@
Ladies and Gentlemen:
Registration of new data elements as required by E-tag 1.7 can
commence immediately.  Please go to   click
Registrant's Area, and log onto your account for more information 
Documents pertaining to electronic tagging, including
"Electronic Tagging: Functional Specification, Version 1.7" and "What's
New in E-tag 1.7" are available from
Please email info@tsin.com if you have any questions.
Sincerely,
Lynn P. Costantini
Robert W. Cummings
NERC
609-452-8060 
FYI	
Diana,
As a follow-up to our discussions earlier this week, Sally Long (Al Paschke's assistant) called me this morning to inform me that 
1.  TBL "inappropriately denied our tag last week."
2.  She has "educated a few people" so this won't happen again.
Let me know if you have any further problems.
Steve
Paul,
Put me down for a 21" and a 19" if there's availability 
diana
All,
We will be offering monitors for sale again in the Portland Office.  We have a variety of monitors for you to choose from. 
Older 17' units - $10
Newer Compaq 17' units - $20
Older 21' units - $25
Newer Compaq 19' units - $35
Please respond to this email with the type of monitor you would like to purchase.  Will have a lottery type drawing on Friday Morning. By Friday afternoon, you will be notified that you can come by and pick out your monitor. We need to have all monitors picked up and removed my Friday the 2nd. After that, all remaining monitors will be donated to charity.
,
Paul Kane
Portland IT
not that we have much equity in our 401 anymore, but we may need to look at which fund to invest in.
ds
October 26 is fast approaching 
Mark your calendar 	as the Enron Corp. Savings Plan moves to a new administrator!
As a Savings Plan Participant, Friday, October 26 at 3:00pm CST will be your last day to:
?    Transfer Investment Fund Balances and make Contribution Allocation Changes
?	Change your Contribution Rate for the November 15th payroll deductions
?	Enroll if you were hired before October 1
TWO important reminders: 
?    Vanguard Lifestrategy investment options  are being replaced with Fidelity Freedom funds and ?	Your funds will remain invested in the funds chosen as of 3:00pm CST until 8:00 am November 20 
At 8:00 am CST, November 20 the Savings Plan system re-opens with great new features 
Should you need assistance during the transition period, call ext. 3-7979 and press Option 6.  This option will be available from 8:00am CST October 29 until 5:00pm CST November 19.
Enron Benefits... keeping pace with your lifestyle.
ISAS Members,
Attached is a draft test procedure for E-Tag 1.7. It was created and
approved by a small "swat team" of ISAS members and WSCC Staff. Please
review this draft procedure and provide any comments you may have by 1200
MST Tuesday, January 29, 2002. 
Thanks.
I went into Scheduling to view these deals and they have been zeroed out.  I'm confused as to why they would appear in the view actuals in deal entry.  I believe these should synchronize, or they read off of one another 
diana
Deal # 517673.1 and 517674.1
HI Diana and Sean:
Would you advise whether I can ask scheduling to zero out volumes for NCPA buy/resale deals for 10/1/01-10/3/01 in "View Actual" tab in deal entry 
Thanks,
Fran
Hi Diana and Sean:
I believe we didn't buy/resell with NCPA for 10/1/01-10/3/01.  Although we are good in scheduling (no activities scheduled) there are some volumes showing up in deal entry side ("view actuals" tab).  In order to make sure that at month end settlement processes will be smooth for these NCPA buy/resale deals, I would like to ask the scheduling group to zero out those volumes for 10/1/01-10/3/01 in view actuals in deal entry, but I need you to give me the green light first.  Your confirmation will be appreciated.
Thanks,
Fran 
x7973
You have received this message because someone has attempted to send you an e-mail from outside of Enron with an attachment type that Enron does not allow into our messaging environment. Your e-mail has been quarantined and is being held at the MailSweeper server.
Sender:  sliebert@dcpud.org
Date:  Mon, 22 Oct 2001 14:36:56 -0700
If the intended email is of valid business-related content and you believe it requires Enron resources to retrieve it, you may call your Help Desk and ask to have it released from quarantine and delivered to your e-mail Inbox. Your message will be scanned and checked for viruses prior to requested release.  If it contains a virus or there is reason to suspect it is malicious code, it will not be delivered.
North American Resolution Center: 713 853 1411
European Resolution Center: 0044 207 78 36777
EES Help Desk: 888 853 9797
ETS Solution Center: 713 345 4745 (Houston) or 402 398 7454 (Omaha)
Please DO NOT reply to this address as it is not a monitored system mailbox.
Hey what's the scoop on this?
diana
What is this project?  Who is the sponsor in the west?
Per our discussion yesterday, these are the people we have identified who will parallel test the consolidated position manager, after an initial limited production release, against results from whatever tools they are using in production today 
EAST		WEST
Smith Day	Kysa Alport
Corry Bentley	Kate Symes
Only the East guys have participated in early testing in our test environment.  Generally, it is much easier for everyone to test against production data once the app is migrated.  The data in test is pretty ugly.  Since CPM is new and does not update anything, we have no problem moving to prod for further testing once the app is stable.
Glad to discuss 
Steve
FYI I have to tell you more than you want to know to preface this response. 
There are 5 hydro projects in the Mid-Columbia region. These 5 projects are owned and controlled by 3 control areas - Douglas County PUD, Chelan County PUD and Grant County PUD. Some of the generation from these 5 projects has been sold on a long-term basis to several participants. I'm not familiar with the term "take away rights", but every mwh generated at these 5 projects is either used for load in the 3 control areas or it is moved away to participant's control areas. The fact that some want to represent their share of generation as being part of a "single bus" and claiming it can be moved away without naming a transmission provider does not accurately represent the transfer of energy from one control area to another. Douglas, Chelan and Grant are the only control areas at the Mid-Columbia with other adjacent control areas.
Each participant has transmission capability (either their own or purchased) to transfer their share of generation from one of our control areas to their own. These transmission paths serve one of two purposes. 1) dynamic schedules or fixed schedules to serve load or 2) transfers for sale or resale.
The "single bus" idea at the Mid-C will soon be correctly represented for 4 of the 5 projects. Chelan and Grant plan to combine their control area boundaries (for scheduling and tagging purposes only) and call it the Mid-C HUB. This HUB is registered as a TP with NERC as MHUB and will accomodate transfers of energy BETWEEN participants. All other transactions will require other transmission to move energy OUT OF the Mid-C HUB. Douglas County PUD is not part of the Mid-C HUB or MHUB.
"For transactions that occur at only one bus (i.e. no OASIS/GF transmission 
involved) use a willing TP on the second line with the same PSE as on the 
first line and the words "Single Bus" in the OASIS reservation field and 
"7-F" as the Product 
Is this practice not being practiced?  I've seen/heard that at the MID 
Columbia folks selling energy to those who have take away rights at MID C 
are have their tags denied because the tag creators are not using a "TP 
specific transmission path or designation".  It was agreed to use "Single 
Bus" in these situations to avoid the implications of transmission service 
where no transmission service was necessary from the MID C. 
If the sink control area is bringing the energy back to their system at that 
point then the sink should have it indicated that it's not a single bus for 
their transmission portion, but may be "GF" or "No reservation required" 
from the bus to the system.  But in this circumstance then the path is not 
MIDC-MIDC but MIDC-SYS.  That's my take.  Others wish to pipe in? 
Mark W. Hackney 
Section Leader 
Pre and Real-time Transmission Scheduling 
APS OATT Administration 
Arizona Public Service Company 
602.250.1128 - Office 
602.908.1423 - Cell 
602.250.1155 - Fax 
_________________________________________________________________ 
Click to add my contact info to your organizer: 
Stewart, 
I left you an envelope with information regarding the City of K. Falls. Not sure if you forwarded it to anyone to begin the process for credit approval.  Can you please respond to Ray's E-mail?  Let me know if there is something else you need me to do.
ds
Hey Diana- 
What's up with getting credit with the City of Klamath Falls?  I didn't hear back from you the other day.  It sure would be nice to get that in place.  Is there someone there I need to talk to?
thanks, 
Ray Grinberg 
We match with $424.80 owing to PGE for the month of December 01
ds
Hi Diana
Here is our detail for December 2001.  There are only real power losses and it's only from 12/4 to 12/7.  This should be an easy one to match.
Anne
Steve Hall is contacting Al Paske regarding the transmission contract.  Apparently they have already been discussing this issue 
ds
Have you been able to come up with any information about this transmission?----cgy
I don't.  I will pull our contract with BPA and give you a decent reply!
d
Diana, 
The message below is a routine notification message from our contracts administrator in Houston.  Do you know which agreements she is referrring to and whether or not we need to renew them?  ----cgy
I show that both of the transmission agreements that we had with Bonneville expired 9/31/01.  Do we need to execute firm and non-firm service agreements with them?  I'm copying Jan b/c I'm not sure you are back in town.
We are short at PGE system for Wednesday, 10/17/01.  HE1-6, 23-24pdt, we are 13mw short (total of 104mw).  This is due to a lending deal done by the NW Cash desk.  Please supply Portland at their system in the most cost effective manner possible.  Deal #821995.1
Thanks, 
Donald Robinson, NW preschedule desk
I received this email today from a very good friend of mine who has a lot of close friends from India.  This letter is to one of those close friends.  I don't know if I should pass it around but I want everyone I know to be aware.
Kim
 >This is worth forwarding, just incase  > >=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D
 >=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D
 >PLEASE READ!
 >Subject: Malls on 10/31
 >Hey guys..I dont want to scare anyone..but its better safe than sorry,
 >right?? This is not just a foward I recieved..Its from one of my
 >colleages at JPMorgan. It's been sent around within the firm, I wanted
 >to pass it on just in case.
 >Hi All -
 >I think you all know that I don't send out hoaxes and don't
 >do the reactionary thing and send out anything that crosses my
 >path.
 >This one,  however, is a friend of a friend and I've given it
 >enough credibility in my mind that I'm writing it up and sending it out
 >to all of you.
 >My friend's friend was dating a guy from Afghanistan up until a month
 >ago.  She had a date with him around 9/6 and was stood up. She was
 >understandably upset and went to his home to find it completely emptied.
 >On 9/10, she received a letter from her boyfriend explaining that
 >he
 >wished he could tell her why he had left and that he was sorry it
 >had to be like that.  The part worth mentioning is that he BEGGED her
 >not to get on any commercial airlines on 9/11 and to not to go any malls
 >on Halloween.
 >As soon as everything happened on the 11th, she called the FBI and has
 >since turned over the letter. This is not an email that I've received
 >and decided to pass on.  This came from a phone conversation with a
 >long-time friend of mine last night.
 >I may be wrong, and I hope I am.  However, with one of his warnings
 >being correct and devastating, I'm not willing to take the chance on the
 >second and wanted to make sure that people I cared about had the same
 >information that I did.
 >Laura Katsis
 >Implementation Specialist
 >714/921-5424
 >lkatsis@volt.com  > >OpsVolt_Track@volt.com   > >  > >Reminder:  E-mail sent through the Internet is not secure.
 >Do not use e-mail to send us confidential information
 >such as credit card numbers, changes of address, PIN
 >numbers, passwords, or other important information.
 >Do not e-mail orders to buy or sell securities, transfer
 >funds, or send time sensitive instructions. We will not
 >accept such orders or instructions.  This e-mail is not
 >an official trade confirmation for transactions executed
 >for your account.  Your e-mail message is not private in
 >that it is subject to review by the Firm, its officers,
 >agents and employees.