When I open this letter there is nothing there.  Can you send again?
Rob 
Here is the letter with the section on the YPF GSA revised as we discussed.
,
EDD
Rob 
Here is the letter with the section on the YPF GSA revised as we discussed.
,
EDD
Rob G Gay
01/31/2001 09:55 AM
Two agreements have been negotiated with Siemens as part of the plant 
turnover for Provisional Completion Phase III on oil: 1) the EOT Claim 
Agreement between Siemens and SCC and 2) modifications to the TAA between 
Siemens and EPE.
The changes which the lenders should review are as follows:
EOT Claim Agreement
14 Day Availability Test with respect to Provisional Completion Phase III on 
oil, on a look-back basis over 6 months, required as a specific performance 
requirement
After PC on oil, Siemens can demobilize
Compensation for commissioning on oil $5,720,000; $30,000 per day for owner 
delay
Bonus of $15,000 per day that PC achieved before 17 Feb
Phase III Substantial Completion on gas
60 days prior written notice on gas availability
If sound level guarantees demonstrated on oil, only need to demonstrate far 
field sound on gas
Owner must operate and maintain per O&M manuals and industry practices on 
oil; if not, owner must correct items materially affecting Contractor's 
commissioning obligations
Performance guarantees remain in tact per EPC
Long stop date on Phase III Substantial Completion on gas of 31 Dec 01
Substantial Completion on gas - punchlist limited to deficiencies from Work 
performed to achieve Substantial Completion on gas
Risk of Loss remains with owner during commisioning on gas
Siemens agrees to enter into negotiations to provide operational assistance
Degradation - agree to use curves with credit to owner for degradation during 
commissioning
Compensation for commissioning on natural gas $1,220,000 lump sum; $20,000 
per day for owner delay
Warranty - 6 months after Provisional Completion on oil
Option to buy extended warranty for up to 6 months at $175,000; must elect 60 
days prior to expiration of Primary Warranty Period
Performance LD's on gas per the EPC contract with first $4,000,000 forgiven 
by owner
Delay LD's on gas do not start until 60 days after performance test on gas
Payments to be paid (including EOTof $5,720,000): 15 Feb  $5,446,141; 28 Feb  
$14,353,401 with offset of $4,000,000 for Phase I LD payment due from Siemens 
to SCC
Late payment interest rate of 14%
TAA Agreement
Effective date Provisional Completion Phase III on oil
No 12 month look back
12 month Initial Guarantee Period, with the clock suspended for gas 
commissioning unless owner delay. 
Additional Insurance
In order to provide the lenders an adequate warranty period on gas (if there 
are additional delays on the P/L) our Insurance group has  indicated that we 
will have no problem obtaining 12 months renewable business interruption 
insurance when we go operational on gas.  This should solve the issue over 
the revised warranty with Siemens because it covers defects, design, and 
workmanship on the turbines and includes lost profits, etc.  Incidentally, 
for insurance purposes the turbines are designated DE3 which is not a new 
technology designation.   The duration of BI coverage is 18 months per event 
with US$150,000 deductible.
Typically we will always have this coverage in place but if their is a 
supplier warranty then the party providing the warranty pays ahead of the 
insurer.  In the case where the supplier does not pay or the warranty has 
ended then the insurer is the primary.
We will need to execute these agreements immediately.  Please advise with 
your thoughts as soon as possible..
Jose Bestard@_DEVELOPMENT
01/30/2001 12:59 PM
FYI
Created 01/30 10:55 AM   Modified 01/30 12:55 PM
Title: Meeting With Furnas - Jan 29 01 - Tariff until Gas Commisioning
Furnas:  Celso Ferreira, Roberto de la Nina
EPE: Jose Bestard, Laine Powell, Christiaan Huzier
Consent.- Before entering into the purpose of the meeting, I told Celso that 
we were sending him a letter to confirm our understanding from the previous 
meeting, that they are linking the approval of the Anex 4/Consent to changes 
in the contact. and that they refused to sign the original consent language. 
For avoidance of doubt, the text of both versions are included in the letter.
He said that our understanding was correct and that he would answer in the 
affirmative.
He was not familiar with the original text. I showed him my copy with the 
three initials. He asked whose initials were from Furnas. (I don't know - was 
not present at that meeting. Rick  and John may know).
Roberto de la Nina gave him the background from Furnas side.
Tariff and Commissioning. 
Celso started the session by drawing a diagram of the Contractual Obligation 
provisions compared to the Current Situation. He wanted to lead us  to pay 
the fuel differential, from 100% dispatch or alternatively buy from the MAE 
(lower cost to us [Comment.- Irrespective of  the Force Majeure arguments that we have, the MAE 
make up possibility has to be used carefully to avoid  falling into the trap, 
by precedent, or assuming a market exposure that we presently do not have.]
I replied that his reading of the Contract was correct, except that he did 
not read the Force Majeure section.  We had the obligation to change to gas 
on the dates he mentioned, except that we have a Force Majeure due to the 
Government Actions, and therefore we have the right to change the schedule.
Celso replied that his people did not think this fit the case; i.e. 
"additional difficulty of drilling through rocks"; I replied that we have a 
strong case that everyone  knows about, including the regulator Aneel, which 
extended the use of the CCC until June 2001.
[Comment.- I expect Furnas to challenge our documentation to calculate how 
many days we are entitled due to FM causes. At the end there will be a 
"negotiated agreement", or the result or arbitration.]
Aneel Authorization.-  I told him that we needed to bring him up to date 
about Aneel's approval.
Aneel sent us a letter that we were not authorized to operate in Combined 
Cycle, not that we had CCC account coverage during for CC operation.
Gave him a copy of the letter of our request to Aneel asking for both ; CC 
and CCC coverage. We were ready for 480 MW, but on diesel.
Celso asked what we would do if we got CC authorization but not CCC 
coverage.- I told him that we did not have the money to pay for the fuel, 
that we would have to convert back to Simple Cycle, use the current 
authorization for minimum use and wait  for the gas to be available to go 
through commissioning.
He said that under the contract we are obligated to provide power; that he 
would buy from the MAE and sent us the bill. I told him that under the 
Contract we can change the gas-change-over date because of FM. During a FM 
period our mutual obligations would cease, except that they in this case they 
had a capacity payment obligation given that the cause was Government 
action He understood that they have a right to cancel the Contract after 12 months 
[Comment - but they would have the MAE exposure as well for the Initial 
Contracts]
Laine gave him an update of the ridge contruction and the parallel path that 
we will take on Ridge 10; drill and also seek a permit for a partial crossing 
of the first crest, drilling through the second crest, all withing the 
existing ROW.
Laine explained the processes and limitatios of returnind to SC operations 
and then back again to CC gas comissioning.
Our Proposal.-  Our proposal is that we get authorization to enter into 
operation as combined cycle unit; the CCC administration pays for the diesel, 
and receives the gas revenues as compensation. This keeps us and Furnas at 
the Contract equilibrium, and the Brazilian electric system has 480 MW 
combined cycle plant; providing stability to that area.
Under this proposal, until the gas gets there to start commissioning, ONS 
would dispatch the power plant according to economic dispatch at R$110/Mwhr; 
minimum 290 MW. The CCC covers the actual dispatch the MRE cover the dispatch 
to the Initial Contracts with Furnas.
I suggested that they join us for that petition to Aneel. He called Mario 
Santos to set up a meeting, to enlist the help of ONS in that petition as 
well.
The meeting is set up for Wednesday at 9:30 AM.   To prepare we need to 
provide the factual information, heat rates, costs, etc.
I need the PPA reference for the Eletrobras performance guarantee.  Quickly 
please - this has to go out tonight.
In preperation for our call, the memo which was requested.  I will also be 
able to brief you on this week's progress with Furnas.  I have a lawyer 
tracing the section reference for the Eletrobras performance guarantee which 
appears as brackets in the memo.  I should be able to advise you of the exact 
reference tomorrow morning when we talk.
,
Rob
I've updated the memo to insert the missing references.  I also learned that 
he meetings with ONS and ANEEL are scheduled for tomorrow.  Thanks
The banks have given us the  green light on gas.  That means that they will 
be prepared to fund with the back-up agreements only, even if the YPF GSA is 
being re- negotiated or if we are in discussions with other suppliers. 
All the Best. Jim 
You have meant a lot to countless people and their families.  The Gays in 
particular will be forever in your debt.
,
Rob, Dee, Chelsea, & Derek Gay 
James M Bannantine
02/01/2001 02:34 PM
It is with mixed emotions that I inform you that I have decided to leave 
Enron to pursue other interests.  It has been a pleasure and an honor to have 
worked with all of you over the past few years.   I can be reached through 
the following numbers:
Jim Bannantine
email at bannant@attglobal.net 
phone at 55-11-247-4449
fax at 55-11-5548-5528
The banks are considering and they have enlisted Bob Shapiro's help as of 
today.  The y are shooting for an answer by next Friday 
Richard A Lammers
02/01/2001 01:28 PM
great news. anything new on Furnas?
Rob G Gay
02/01/2001 01:55 PM
The banks have given us the  green light on gas.  That means that they will 
be prepared to fund with the back-up agreements only, even if the YPF GSA is 
being re- negotiated or if we are in discussions with other suppliers. 
Cliff Rankin has indicated he won't be available until Thursday so I think we 
may need to shoot for the budget on Wednesday and the ECA on Thurs.  Will 
this work?
According to Cliff Shedd, we would be covered by insurance if we terminated 
the contract with Furnas and Furnas failed to pay the termination payment However the insurers will only pay after we receive an arbitration judgement 
against them and the refuse to honor the judgement.  I assume we would also 
have to exhaust our remedies against trhe guarantor (Eletrobras).
Also, we are required to notify the underwriters immediately of a material 
default 
I believe that is correct.
Tracee Bersani@ECT
02/01/2001 05:02 PM
Rob,
Didn't he say we were only covered up to $200 MM (e.g. the limit of our 
contract frustration cover?) With the current Shell/enron sharing 
percentages, it would seem that we are entitled to 72% of the $360 MM payment 
or $259 MM, thus we would only be out by $59 MM.
Tracee
Rob G Gay@
02/01/2001 04:57 PM
According to Cliff Shedd, we would be covered by insurance if we terminated 
the contract with Furnas and Furnas failed to pay the termination payment However the insurers will only pay after we receive an arbitration judgement 
against them and the refuse to honor the judgement.  I assume we would also 
have to exhaust our remedies against trhe guarantor (Eletrobras).
Also, we are required to notify the underwriters immediately of a material 
default 
?
- 1403 OCEANSIDE DMQ FOR ELECTRIC EXTRAS REVISED 1-26-01.xls
- BILLS MEMO on gay residence revision #2 -01-26-01.doc
I noticed on your web site that you have a number of Joana Zjawinska's for 
sale including "Love, Life  & Money Suite 2"  (which we currently own) and 
"Startled".
I was wondering if you would consider a trade where we would provide "Love 
Life & Money" (framed) and we would receive "Startled"?
As far as I know only the Hermes fee is refundable (less a small, unknown 
admin cost).  We may also have some fees payable, we will have to check.
Celso Bernardi@_DEVELOPMENT
02/02/2001 11:46 AM
Rob,
could you please tell me, in case of non funding, how much EPE/GASMAT/GABOL 
will receive back from OPIC and KfW related to the par-paid costs like, 
commitment fees, Hermes fee,etc.
rgds
Celso
Hi, we have been missing each other on the phone.  Were you able to trace the 
package?
My home Email is RGGDEE@AOL.com
The insurance has been purchased by Enron exclusively to cover our equity and 
our subd debt through our commercial program (not OPIC).  We  have covered 
the following investments to date on Cuiaba.
EPE                 $235MM
GASMAT $  60MM
GASBOL $132MM
Up to US$200MM could be reimbursed for an insuarble event.  However, that 
$200 may be limited by draws associated with insurable events at other 
projects.  This $200MM could be further limited by draws from other projects 
because the program has a cap of $250MM total, but the cap can be reinstated 
following a draw with an exclusion for the country where the previous hit 
occurred.
Mariella Mahan@_DEVELOPMENT
02/02/2001 11:27 AM
Rob,
Isn't the $200 million the cap of OPIC and doesn't that apply to 100% of the 
equity covered by OPIC, which means that, I guess (and I don't know if Shelll 
qualifies or if we structured around this) we share with Shell the $200 
million on the basis of equity percentages held by each?
Thanks
Rob G Gay@
02/02/2001 09:27 AM
I believe that is correct.
Tracee Bersani@ECT
02/01/2001 05:02 PM
Rob,
Didn't he say we were only covered up to $200 MM (e.g. the limit of our 
contract frustration cover?) With the current Shell/enron sharing 
percentages, it would seem that we are entitled to 72% of the $360 MM payment 
or $259 MM, thus we would only be out by $59 MM.
Tracee
Rob G Gay@
02/01/2001 04:57 PM
According to Cliff Shedd, we would be covered by insurance if we terminated 
the contract with Furnas and Furnas failed to pay the termination payment However the insurers will only pay after we receive an arbitration judgement 
against them and the refuse to honor the judgement.  I assume we would also 
have to exhaust our remedies against trhe guarantor (Eletrobras).
Also, we are required to notify the underwriters immediately of a material 
default 
Thank you for the refund.  I am still hopeful you will be able to find the 
card.  Its a fine piece of history.
,
Rob
Colorado Mountain Sports  We have a trace running on the package which could take a long time with the 
Post Office. We sent you back a refund yesterday. If we can locate your item 
or another one that is similar we will be sure to let you know.
CMS
Hi, we have been missing each other on the phone.? Were you able to trace
the package?
My home Email is RGGDEE@AOL.com
I have attached my review of the electrical list.  This should allow us to 
have another discussion.  The ones with oK we want but I would like to 
discuss further your "costs" for these items because you have a separate 
mark-up.
Rob G Gay
02/01/2001 10:50 AM
I've updated the memo to insert the missing references.  I also learned that 
he meetings with ONS and ANEEL are scheduled for tomorrow.  Thanks
He and I talked. You can stop bothering him for now. When we get him next 
week will extract our pound of flesh and we will make him buy the beer.
Rob,
Does this mean Cliff won't be available for our call on Friday or to return 
my three weeks of accumulated voice-mails and e-mails until next week?
If so, I'll stop trying to reach him.
Steve Gray
The address for St. Mary's church is as follows:
1612 East Walker
League City, Texas
281-332-3031
If you could have your brick man see about the brick and the color of the 
mortar..
Thanks
Rob
When would you like to get together to go through the comments to the specs 
Thanks so much for the card, and remembering.
rongay@msn.com on 01/24/2001 09:25:17 PM
rongay@msn.com has sent you an MSN card!
To view your card, please click the following
Web address any time over the next three (3) weeks:
Need some help?  See below!
Perhaps your E-mail program doesn't recognize the Web address as an active 
link.
No problem!  You can copy and paste the Web address into your Web browser.
Here are instructions on how to copy and paste:
Step One: With your mouse, highlight the *entire* Web address above
Step Two: Select the EDIT menu and choose COPY
Step Three: Go to your Web browser and *click inside* the window where
you normally type a Web address to visit
Step Four: Select the EDIT menu and choose PASTE
Step Five: Now hit ENTER on your keyboard to take you to the Web address
It's that easy 
If you need help or have a question about your greeting card, we're happy to
help. For further assistance, go to:
(c)2000 Microsoft Corporation. All rights reserved.
James M Bannantine
02/01/2001 02:34 PM
It is with mixed emotions that I inform you that I have decided to leave 
Enron to pursue other interests.  It has been a pleasure and an honor to have 
worked with all of you over the past few years.   I can be reached through 
the following numbers:
Jim Bannantine
email at bannant@attglobal.net 
phone at 55-11-247-4449
fax at 55-11-5548-5528
I'll touch base with the appropriate folks.
,
Rob
Rob
I just spoke to Mike Banks at Milbank who said payment has not yet been
Novak and others at Enron and undertands that payment has been approved
but for some reason not yet made.  I would appreciate if you could look
into this to see what the status is.
Mike understands that we are in a holding pattern on the permanent
financing until the changes in the project are completed.
Bill
will do
Richard A Lammers
02/06/2001 12:43 PM
Sent by: Richard A Lammers
Rob - can you or Blanca send me the latese ECA so I can sent the exact 
covenant language regarding development costs on to Shell . We also need to 
decide if we need to revisit this with both Shell and the Lenders .Thanks.
I think this will take about 1-2 hours.  It can be done by phone but in 
person would be better.  I would like to make sure that our documentation is 
clean before we start.  The specs have a lot of discrepencies with the 
drawings, the Bordeaux, and our contract.  Also, I am not sure that we each 
have a drawing of the electrical which matches and conforms to the lists we 
are working on with Bill.  I would also like to see whatever supplement we 
are going to sign to the contract so we can make sure that there are no 
misunderstandings on what is included. I think we have everything worked out 
but there are a lot of players and we all need to be on the same page.  I can 
make time to finish all of this just let me know what your schedule is (and 
Bill's, Joe's etc if they are needed).
Thanks
OK we are on.  I'll 
Rob, I have arranged for Bill, Joe and myself to be available at 1:00 p.m.
today Wednesday for the finalizing of the issues on your home.  Please call
or e-mail to confirm.  You and I will meet at my Homewood office at #9
Exbury Way.  Directions:  610 west to Woodway exit-west on Woodway-first
light is Post Oak Lane-left (south) stay in right lane-turn into Homewood
development (guard building at front of brick wall entrance-take first
street on left-my office is at the end of this street (house has detached
garage-brick and stucco front elevation)  Call me if you have troubles
finding me.
Diana
(713) 626-2206