Rose,
I could not open the attachments.
Vince Kaminski
rose.o.perez@us.arthurandersen.com on 03/17/2000 11:03:19 AM
Please find attached the ERMA meeting notice and annual application for
membership information.
(See attached file: ERMA Meeting Letter.doc)
(See attached file: ERMA Meeting Letter 03-28-00.doc)
- ERMA Meeting Letter 03-28-00.doc
rose.o.perez@us.arthurandersen.com on 03/17/2000 11:03:19 AM
Please find attached the ERMA meeting notice and annual application for
membership information.
(See attached file: ERMA Meeting Letter.doc)
(See attached file: ERMA Meeting Letter 03-28-00.doc)
- ERMA Meeting Letter 03-28-00.doc
Shirley,
Yes, It will be  a swap of one machine for another.
Vince
Shirley Crenshaw
03/17/2000 12:17 PM
Vince:
Is this ok to order?
Clayton Vernon@
03/17/2000 09:34 AM
Mark-
Shirley will order an 800 MHZ machine with 512 MB of RAM, and a large (17 flat-screen monitor for me.
Clayton
Mark Davidson
03/17/2000 08:52 AM
Clayton-
Sorry it took so long to get back to you.  There are a couple of things to 
keep in mind:
-Enron IT supports Enron equipment.
-All equipment must be purchased through "Enron IT Purchasing"
Our current high end desktop is a 800 MHZ pentium III machine with 128M of 
RAM.  You can bump up the RAM to whatever you feel is appropriate. When the 
1GHz processors come out (in the very near future) that will become our 
standard.
What we want to avoid is getting equipment that we do not have a image for The "image" is the complete package of software that we put on a machine when 
it is deployed.  If you go out and buy a machine that we do not have a image 
for, we can't support it for a multitude of reasons. 
Hopefully this answered your questions/concerns.
If not, please call me so that we can discuss this further.
Thanks
Mark Davidson
x 39038
Clayton Vernon
03/14/2000 03:39 PM
Mark-
I have developed a model for Enron that requires ultra-high-end PC 
performance (it does many calculations in Excel), and my boss has authorized 
me to buy whatever PC I need. I'm looking at the Compaq 850, but Richard (our 
floor rep) says no PC's over the 600 series will be supported by IT. I need 
to resolve this issue; we are sophisticated buyers, we know the type of 
machine we want, and we have the money to pay for it.
Sincerely,
Clayton Vernon
Manager, Research
Ravi,
This is a resume of Shirley's daughter.
Do you know if somebody in EBS is looking for a secretary?
Vince
Shirley Crenshaw
03/17/2000 03:13 PM
Here is Kathy's Resume.  Thanks so much for your interest!
Anjam Ahmad
03/17/2000 11:44 AM
Dear all,
Firstly, apologies for the delay in finalising this study; a considerable 
amount of data analysis was required.  The idea is to aggregate monthly, 
weekly and daily volatilities such that we can price individual options on 
half hours into the future.  We have a reliable methodology for the monthly 
vol curve at the EFA slot level.  The first issue to address was to use a 
"reverse basvol" to estimate the monthly vol curve at the half-hourly level 
of detail.  This required an estimation of half-hourly price return 
correlations.  This resulted in a scaling factor of approximately 1.30 that 
is applied to all EFA vols to convert to half-hourly (the scaling factors are 
slightly different by EFA slot, but not by nearly as much as might be 
expected 
For the weekly and hourly half hourly vols, a historical analysis was carried 
out on the past few years data; a weighting-scheme was applied to add more 
emphasis to standard deviations calculated on more recent data 
COMBINING THE VOLATILITIES
The idea is to let the monthly vol curve get us to the start of the month and 
then assume that all half hours are positioned at 2 weeks and 3 days into the 
next month.  The volatility is aggregated using these time-weightings to 
ensure that we don't have a wildly different volatility for the options at 
the start of a month and at the end of a month.  Below is an example for half 
hour #38:
I put the spreadsheet HalfHourlyVolModel.xls into the public directory, 
S:\RESEARCH\ANJAM\HHOPTIONVOLMODEL\. I suggest we use the matrix of forward 
volatilities on the summary page and see what kind of numbers we get.  There 
may need to be some fine-tuning of the time-weightings, but in general, I 
believe we can start utilising these semi-final numbers.
,
Anjam
x35383
Jana,
Great  attachment. Thanks.
Saturday, March 25 works for me. I shall call or E-mail you from California to
talk about the time. Early afternoon would be great.
Vince
Jlpnymex@aol.com on 03/17/2000 10:58:54 AM
Vince,
How about Saturday, March 25? Call or email me next week, to let me know what
time would be good for you.  Have a good trip to California and a Happy St.
Patrick's Day today!
jana
10:06:26 -0500
mta3.rcsntx.swbell.net (Sun Internet Mail Server 
2000 09:04:52 -0600 (CST)
Date: Fri, 17 Mar 2000 08:57:53 +0000
- stpat.exe
Paula,
Happy St. Patrick's Day.
Vince
Steve,
Yes, please arrange the interview. The resume is very interesting.
I shall be on vacation all of next week; you can make arrangements
for the following week, Monday through Thursday. Please, include
Stinson, Grant and Vasant.
Vince
Steven Leppard
03/17/2000 03:36 AM
Hi Vince
I met with Thomas this morning (I gave you his CV before, though I don't know 
if you had time to read it).  He's extremely interested in moving to Enron, 
and accepts that our work is far less academic than his postdoc research, 
although far broader than his investment banking quant experience.  He 
remains interested, and emphasised he wants to stay close to the traders, but 
wants to look at new markets and products.  I think we should seriously 
consider hiring him.  He is (understandably) reluctant to move to Houston, 
but there's no doubt that there is plenty of (unnmet) demand for derivatives 
pricing (and thinking) here in London.
Would you be interested in my setting up a videoconference in the next couple 
of weeks so you have a chance to chat with him?  I'm meeting with him again 
on Tuesday at an academic quant finance seminar organised by Lane at King's 
College.  I've attached his CV for your reference.
All the best,
Steve
Vadim,
I am distributing your message internally to people who might be interested 
in your product.
Vince
Dear Mr. Kaminski,
Attached, there are 2 new samples of our daily market research: today's
issue of the morning faxes Fixed Income Today and Financial Markets Today.
We also have intraday market coverage, on Bloomberg: IDEA>GO, Reuters: IDUS,
and Bridge/Telerate.
If the info looks useful, we'd like to arrange a free 30-day trial for you
and your colleagues.  For your reference, please find our price list
attached.  I look forward to your reply.
,
Vadim Pokhlebkin
Account Manager
vpokhlebkin@ideaglobal.com
tel. + 1 212 571 4332
fax  + 1 212 571 4334
IDEAglobal.com
140 Broadway, 21st Floor
New York, NY 10005, USA
Any views expressed in this message are those of the individual sender,
except where the sender specifically states them to be the views of
IDEAglobal.com. This email, its content and any files transmitted with it
are intended solely for the addressee(s) and may be legally privileged
and/or confidential. Access by any other party is unauthorized without the
express written permission of the sender. If you have received this email in
error you may not copy or use the contents, attachments or information in
any way. Please destroy it and contact the sender via the IDEAglobal.com
switchboard in one of the following three offices: New York +1 212 571 4332;
London +44 171 430 2888; Singapore +65 332 0700
- FIT0317a.pdf
- Fmt0317n.PDF
- onesheet.doc
Please find today's complimentary issue of Platts Energy Trader attached 
above.  If you have any questions or would like to subscribe now, call 
877-286-8897 or 212-904-2004; e-mail, info@platts.com. Meanwhile, we hope you 
enjoy today's issue of Platts Energy Trader.
If you need to download Acrobat Reader to read this file, go to 
www.adobe.com. To stop the free trial, hit reply and type "stop trial."
- et032301.pdf
FYI
Vince
Dear Mr. Kaminski,
Attached, there are 2 new samples of our daily market research: today's
issue of the morning faxes Fixed Income Today and Financial Markets Today.
We also have intraday market coverage, on Bloomberg: IDEA>GO, Reuters: IDUS,
and Bridge/Telerate.
If the info looks useful, we'd like to arrange a free 30-day trial for you
and your colleagues.  For your reference, please find our price list
attached.  I look forward to your reply.
,
Vadim Pokhlebkin
Account Manager
vpokhlebkin@ideaglobal.com
tel. + 1 212 571 4332
fax  + 1 212 571 4334
IDEAglobal.com
140 Broadway, 21st Floor
New York, NY 10005, USA
Any views expressed in this message are those of the individual sender,
except where the sender specifically states them to be the views of
IDEAglobal.com. This email, its content and any files transmitted with it
are intended solely for the addressee(s) and may be legally privileged
and/or confidential. Access by any other party is unauthorized without the
express written permission of the sender. If you have received this email in
error you may not copy or use the contents, attachments or information in
any way. Please destroy it and contact the sender via the IDEAglobal.com
switchboard in one of the following three offices: New York +1 212 571 4332;
London +44 171 430 2888; Singapore +65 332 0700
- FIT0317a.pdf
- Fmt0317n.PDF
- onesheet.doc
NETWORK WORLD FUSION FOCUS: JASON MESERVE on
SECURITY AND BUG PATCH ALERT
TODAY'S FOCUS: 'South Park' virus on the loose
03/13/00
Dear Wincenty Kaminski,
Today's Focus: 'South Park' virus on the=20
loose
It's been a year since the infamous "Melissa=018 virus downed e-mail
systems nationwide and caused some panic in the general Internet
populace. In the year since, we have a number of copycats and variants
of Melissa invading our e-mail systems, though not to the same extent.
Now, the e-mail virus du jour is the "South Park" virus, named after
the animated series on Comedy Central. The South Park virus, known in
security circles as W32/Pretty.worm.unp, attempts to send itself to all
the addresses listed in an infected user's Outlook address book every
thirty minutes. By doing so, the virus causes an "e-mail storm" that
can bog down and crash network servers attempting to relay the flurry
of mail. South Park appears to come from a known user and contains an
icon featuring Kenny, one of the characters from the show.
Security software maker Finjan Software has reported seven variants of
the South Park virus, which itself is a variant of the PrettyPark virus
that made the rounds a few weeks earlier.
For more information on South Park and its variants:
Before we get to the latest alerts, two other resources to check out:
1. The Shmoo Group, a security consultancy, has written a paper entitled
"How to Write Secure Code." It can be found at:
2. Eric Knight of Security Paradigm has written an online book entitled
"Computer Vulnerabilities." The book looks into how hackers exploit
vulnerabilities and what methods they use. Knight's book is available in
PDF format at:
Now on with the latest alerts and patches:
W97M/Melissa.AO virus
Computer Associates is reporting a new version of the Melissa
macrovirus that could be making the rounds. This one disables the
Tools/Macro command bar, Virus Protection, SaveNormalPrompt and
ConfirmConversions options in Microsoft Word. It also makes a couple of
changes to the Windows registry. Like the original Melissa, this
version replicates itself to the first 25 users in the Outlook address
book.
Microsoft had a busy week, releasing three patches covering a variety
of problems:
1. Patch available for "Registry Permissions" vulnerability.
It seems as if the security on a couple of registry settings in Windows
NT 4.0 is not as secure as the Redmonians first thought. This patch
fixes the problem, which could let a malicious user gain additional
privileges on a system they are logged into.
2. Patch available for "SQL Query Abuse" vulnerability.
This patch for Microsoft SQL Server 7.0 and Microsoft Data Engine 1.0
plugs a hole that could enable a remote user to author malicious SQL
queries that allow the user to take unauthorized actions against on the
database or underlying operating system.
3. Patch available for "Clip Art Buffer Overrun" vulnerability.
A feature in Microsoft Office that lets users download and install clip
art from the "Microsoft Clip Art Gallery" has a potential hole. Using a
very long embedded field in the clip art files, a malicious user could
crash or even execute code on the system where the clip art file is
downloaded.
Red Hat releases nmh packages
Following up a vulnerability that was reported here last week, Red Hat
has released new nmh packages. A vulnerability in the previous nmh
releases allowed specially formed MIME headers to execute code using
nmh's 'mhshow' utility.
Network file resource vulnerability
Eric Hacker of Lucent=01,s NetworkCare division is reporting that
applications running in Windows could provide remote access to user name
and password information. Hacker warns that programs such as Internet
Explorer, Eudora, Word and Outlook running on default configurations of
Windows can be duped into sending a user name and password information
to unsuspecting users. Though this information may be encrypted, it is
easily crackable, Hacker reports.
For more information:
Windows 95:
NT 4.0:
Win2000:
Password problem in SBC DSL routers
A Kewlhair Security advisory reports that routers being used in SBC
Communications' digital subscriber line service are being installed
without a password. Kewlhair reports that engineers are failing to set
the passwords during installation at customer sites. SBC is using
Cayman DSL routers.
For more information on how to set the password:
Astar application vulnerability
TESO, "crew of coders and freaks who care mostly about network and Unix
security," are reporting a hole in the astar application that ships with
the Halloween 4 Linux distribution. Malicious users could use the
application along with obscure command-line code to gain root access.
Vendor Web site:
Vulnerability in StarScheduler
S.A.F.E.R. is reporting a vulnerability in StarScheduler, the groupware
server that comes with Sun=01,s StarOffice product. The underlying Web
server used by StarScheduler is vulnerable to remote execution of code
and root access, according to the S.A.F.E.R. advisory. Sun has yet to
release a patch.
To contact Jason Meserve:
Subscription Services
To subscribe or unsubscribe to any Network World e-mail newsletters,
go to:
To change your email address, go to:
Subscription questions? Contact Customer Service by replying to this
message.
Other Questions/Comments
Have editorial comments? Write Jeff Caruso, Newsletter Editor, at:
For advertising information, write Jamie Kalbach, Account Executive,
at: mailto:jkalbach@nww.com
Network World Fusion is part of IDG.net, the IDG Online Network.
IT All Starts Here:
Please,
Take a look at the attached info. Can you use this service?
Vince
Dear Mr. Kaminski,
Thank you for calling.  Briefly, about IDEAglobal.com: we've been providing
unbiased market analysis since 1989, and today our customers include the
Fed, the US Treasury, the IMF, 25 foreign Central banks, and over 1,700
dealing rooms worldwide.  We emphasize sales and trading strategies rather
than just provide market news.
Attached, please find 2 samples of our daily research: today's issue of our
morning faxes Financial Markets Today and Fixed Income Today.  We also have
intraday market coverage on Bloomberg: IDEA>GO, Reuters, and
Bridge/Telerate.
If the info looks interesting, we would be glad to arrange a 30-day free
trial for you?  For your reference, please see our Price List.  I look
forward to your reply.
,
Vadim Pokhlebkin
Account Manager
vpokhlebkin@ideaglobal.com
tel. + 1 212 571 4332
fax  + 1 212 571 4334
IDEAglobal.com
140 Broadway, 21st Floor
New York, NY 10005, USA
Any views expressed in this message are those of the individual sender,
except where the sender specifically states them to be the views of
IDEAglobal.com. This email, its content and any files transmitted with it
are intended solely for the addressee(s) and may be legally privileged
and/or confidential. Access by any other party is unauthorized without the
express written permission of the sender. If you have received this email in
error you may not copy or use the contents, attachments or information in
any way. Please destroy it and contact the sender via the IDEAglobal.com
switchboard in one of the following three offices: New York +1 212 571 4332;
London +44 171 430 2888; Singapore +65 332 0700
- FMT0316A.pdf
- FIT0316a.pdf
- onesheet.doc
Ningya,
I shall talk to Beth Perlman about the transfers.
Vince
Hi, Vince and Zimin
Our group has some major change.  Our director, Tom Moore, will move to 
London starting May 1. 
In this changing  environment, it might be good for transferring  to happen.
If I got your permission, I can talk to IT people directly.
Ningya 
(3-5248)
Ravi Thuraisingham@MUNICATIONS on 03/14/2000 12:07:56 PM
Here is the pager number that has been setup via Jim Irvine. 
email:    8776804806@skytel.com
Direct dial 800 dial: 1-800-759-8352 box# 877-680-4806
I can be reached at this pager if you need to get me ASAP.
Ravi.
NETWORK WORLD FUSION FOCUS: DAVE KEARNS on NOVELL NETWARE
Today's Focus: Btrieve free ride ends
03/14/00
Dear Wincenty Kaminski,
Today's Focus: Btrieve free ride ends
NetWare has shipped with Btrieve (originally a flat-file database
system, now grown into a full-fledged relational database system) since
the days of NetWare 2 some 12 years ago. Many independent software
vendors have relied on this and constructed their NetWare applications
to use the built-in facilities Btrieve afforded.
Originally licensed from its creator, Softcraft, Novell bought Btrieve
outright in the late =01+80s, then sold it off 10 years later to some of
the original developers, now incorporated as Pervasive Software.
Pervasive has, essentially, retired the Btrieve name in favor of
"Pervasive SQL 2000," a true relational database system which
nevertheless still purports to support applications written to the
Btrieve 6.x specification.
A major change has been introduced in NetWare 5.1, however. There is no
longer an unlimited-use version of the database included. Novell still
uses Btrieve technology for (among other things) its installed products
database (sys:system\products.dat is the file), but NetWare 5.1
includes only a two-user license for SQL 2000  enough for the
administrator to add new products and services, but not enough for any
Btrieve-based applications the network might be running.
There is an unlimited-use version of SQL 2000 included, but it=01,s an
evaluation version only. It will time out after 90 days. Full-use
licenses may be purchased from Pervasive Software (or your software
vendors may provide them), but unsuspecting network administrators
could be caught off-guard when applications stop working.
For the adventurous, there is an unlimited-use version of Btrieve 6.10
included with the NetWare 5.1 distribution. But Novell admits it hasn't
tested the software with NetWare 5.1, it may not work, and  the real
killer  most current applications (such as Computer Associates
ArcServe) require Btrieve 6.15.
Check the applications you're using before doing that upgrade to
NetWare 5.1, and calculate the additional costs of obtaining the
requisite number of SQL 2000 licenses. Then, decide if that's what you
want to do, or if switching to a different application is the better
choice.
To contact Dave Kearns:
FOR RELATED LINKS -- Click here for Network World's home page:
Pervasive.SQL=01v 2000 Product Family SDK
Understanding Pervasive.SQL 2000, a white paper (PDF)
Migration Guide 6 to Pervasive.SQL.doc
%20to%20Pervasive.SQL.pdf
Other NetWare-related articles from Network World:
Active Directory upgrade requires strong game plan, Network World,
03/13/00
Microsoft exec sketches future for Win 2000, Network World, 03/13/00
Subscription Services
To subscribe or unsubscribe to any Network World e-mail newsletters,
go to:
To change your email address, go to:
Subscription questions? Contact Customer Service by replying to this
message.
Other Questions/Comments
Have editorial comments? Write Jeff Caruso, Newsletter Editor, at:
For advertising information, write Jamie Kalbach, Account Executive,
at: mailto:jkalbach@nww.com
Network World Fusion is part of IDG.net, the IDG Online Network.
IT All Starts Here:
FYI
Vince
Stephanie Miller@
03/15/2000 10:57 AM
Since I left, I don't know where this project stands. However, thought you 
might want to see this.
Hope all is well.
,
Stephanie
trobison@prosRM.com on 03/15/2000 10:38:31 AM
Tina Robison
Corporate Communications
PROS Revenue Management
713-335-5397 - fax
713-335-5813 - phone
trobison@prosRM.com
- WILLIAMS.PROS.PDF
NETWORK WORLD FUSION FOCUS: PHIL HOCHMUTH
on LINUX
Today's focus: Will Linux be a hit or miss on the corporate desktop?
03/15/00
Dear Wincenty Kaminski,
Today's focus: Will Linux be a hit or miss=20
on the corporate desktop?
So far this year, the buzz about Linux in enterprise networks has
focused on servers and embedded systems, with the growth of Linux
severs being most heralded. According to IDC, a research firm based in
Framingham, Mass., Linux was the fastest-growing server operating
system last year, with a 93% growth rate over the year before. Linux
was the second most-shipped operating system in 1999 after Windows NT,
capturing 24% of new licenses shipped.
As for the embedded market, Linux has emerged as an ideal platform for
network appliances, because the system can be modified to handle
specialized, dedicated tasks very well. Companies such as Cobalt
Networks, Picazo and Progressive Systems have announced Linux-based
appliances, ranging from Web servers to PBXs to firewalls.
But what of the open source hacker=01,s dream of =01&Linux on every desktop?=018
Sure, Linux on the desktop has become more accessible than ever, with
colorful, shrink-wrapped boxes of Caldera, Red Hat and Corel Linux now
available at places like CompUSA. However, analysts have said that
Linux=01,s growth in the enterprise will be limited to the macro and micro
areas of network servers and embedded operating systems.
According to IDC, Linux currently runs on only 4% of U.S. desktops. The
hold Microsoft Windows has on the desktop market will remain strong,
analysts say, despite such factors as Microsoft=01,s antitrust problems
and the surging popularity of Linux.
Even some Linux executives are skeptical of their product=01,s desktop
future. Recently, SuSE CEO Roland Dyroff downplayed Linux=01,s future on
desktops. Dyroff said, =01&given the lack of applications available, we
really can't claim it as being competitive on the desktop yet.=018
A recent survey by Survey.com gives more hope for Linux desktops.
According to the survey of 1,640 enterprise network managers, open
source operating systems are used on 10% of desktops, with the number
jumping to a surprising 23% of enterprise desktops by 2002.
Despite the mix of numbers being thrown around, two important factors
that will determine the success of Linux as an enterprise client
desktop are: a standardized, easy-to-use graphical user interface (GUI)
and available applications.
One company that is working to make Linux more user friendly is Palo
Alto-based Eazel, which is designing a next-generation file management
system and user interface to run on top of the Linux kernel. According
to Eazel=01,s Web site, the company=01,s goal is to bring Linux to the masses
and =01&do it in a way that appeals to today's Linux users and to mere
mortals.=018
The company was founded by a group of former Apple executives, and is
allied with the Gnome project, which has been doing extensive Linux
desktop environment development for several years. Eazel is due to have
a product out by the middle of this year. With an intuitive, icon-based
file management environment, Eazel is hoping its user interface will be
an improvement over the two current Linux GUIs, Gnome and KDE, and will
help standardized the look and feel of Linux for =01&regular=018 users. For
enterprise mangers who have already embraced Linux on the server side,
this development will be worth keeping an eye on.
On the applications side, several office productivity suites have been
available for some time, such as Sun=01,s StarOffice suite and KOffice for
the KDE desktop. Corel has also ported its office products, such as
WordPerfect, over to Linux to complement its own distribution of the
operating system. While there have been recent rumors (started by Linux
Care Vice President Arthur Tyde) that Microsoft is working on a port of
MS Office to Linux, Microsoft officials deny this.
While Linux may never supplant Windows as the industry-standard desktop,
there should be plenty of opportunity for Linux PCs in enterprise nets
in the future.
To contact Phil Hochmuth:
FOR RELATED LINKS -- Click here for Network World's home page:
Staroffice Software from Sun
Corel Linux OS
Eazel
GNOME -- the GNU Network Object Model Environment
KOffice -- the integrated office suite for KDE, the K Desktop
Environment
Cobalt Networks, Inc.
Progressive Systems
Picazo
Other Linux-related articles from Network World:
Active Directory upgrade requires strong game plan,  Network World,
03/13/00
Subscription Services
To subscribe or unsubscribe to any Network World e-mail newsletters,
go to:
To change your email address, go to:
Subscription questions? Contact Customer Service by replying to this
message.
Other Questions/Comments
Have editorial comments? Write Jeff Caruso, Newsletter Editor, at:
For advertising information, write Jamie Kalbach, Account Executive,
at: mailto:jkalbach@nww.com
Network World Fusion is part of IDG.net, the IDG Online Network.
IT All Starts Here:
Stinson.
No problem.
Vince
Stinson Gibner
03/14/2000 05:16 PM
I am planning to take 1/2 day of vacation on the morning of March 22nd.
thanks,
--Stinson
Shirley,
I have his cell phone: 650 814 9966.
Vince
Shirley Crenshaw
03/13/2000 02:15 PM
Vince:
Do you have a current address for Brad?
Carol Coats
03/13/2000 01:59 PM
Shirley, is there any possibility that you might have an updated current 
address for Brad?  If not, would Vince know 
Thanks much,
Carol
Vince
How do we cope with the ethical issues this presents ?
Rgds
DP
Dawn,
I met David Sobotka from Koch this morning and we talked about  coordinating 
our presentations.
This means there will be changes intended to avoid overlaps. Sorry for that. 
The portions of my presentation
will survive (those about valuation paradigms) and I shall add a few more 
pages on accounting treatment of weather derivatives
plus more specific examples. David will cover primarily market evolution plus examples of some
standard structures, and we shall both give more interesting examples of
specific deals executed by our companies.
I shall send you an updated version of my part next week. Let me know what 
the deadline is.
Vince
Thanks -- would you like me to include these in the conference book? or do
you anticipate changes?
Dawn
FROM:  Dawn Scovill, Conference Coordinator
"Powerful New Ideas 2000"
dawn@perfectmeeting.com