Gerald
Attached is the summary of ENA's take obligations under all the purchase 
agreements to date in the Powder River Basin.  Please call to discuss.  Sorry 
for the delay.
FYI,  Forgot to cc you.
Gerald Nemec
04/28/2000 08:59 AM
Attached is the summary of ENA's take obligations under all the purchase 
agreements to date in the Powder River Basin.  Please call to discuss.  Sorry 
for the delay.
Attached is a revised set of goals based on our meeting this past week.  As 
before, please let me know if you have any comments or additions.
You will be copied.  Thanks for the reminder.
Candace L Bywaters
05/01/2000 01:21 PM
If this final document came back to your attention, Gerald, could you please 
ensure that a fully executed copy is forwarded to me for our files down here 
in Assets?
Thanks!
Candy
I was told that we have received these back from Southern Union, but I don't 
remember who told me.  Should they have come back to Steve?
Roger,  Attached is the form we discussed 
Andy,  Attached is the complete contract 
Hope things are going well for you.  We should have lunch some time.  Have 
any availability next week?
Cris,  For the sake of completeness, attached is the form of gas purchase 
agreement and confirm with the $10 million prepayment between ECC and ECS The pricing has not been input yet 
The gas purchase agreement between ECS and ECT would be a mirror of this one.
Andy,  Attached is the complete contract 
Hope things are going well for you.  We should have lunch some time.  Have 
any availability next week?
Mark,    I received your fax concerning the season tickets.  Thanks for quick 
response.  I thought given the short time frame I would just email with my 
information.
If I could get 2 season tickets in my name on the East Side Lower Deck toward 
the Neuhaus Athletic Center, that would be my preference.  Lisa, indicated 
you wouldn't be able to know what seats might be available until you got all 
the responses back.  If you could email with the seats you have available 
prior to charging my credit card, I would greatly appreciate it.
If the only seats you have would be worse than about the 15 yard line in the 
area I mentioned above, I have a friend who is a Longhorn Foundation member 
with 6 tickets in that area at about the 15 yard line.  His name is Patrick 
McDonald.  If possible that I could attach 2 more season tickets to his 
without affecting the location of his seats, that would be great also.
I don't need OU tix.
My credit card number is 4305 7216 5689 6359  Expires 2/28/02  Visa.  If you 
really need the form filled out, just let me know and I will forward it.
Thanks for your help.
Why am I being used as a bargaining piece in this saga?  The thing that 
really scares me, is if I show up I am sure I will be selected to be on next 
years Family Reunion Committee.  Hmmm.
Okay, I guess I can make the sacrifice.  I believe I will have a 3 day 
weekend at that time.  Should work out.  I think the cocktail party on June 
23 will work out.  I have got a lot of things going on right now that would 
make it tough to get away right now for the 13th.
Talked to Mom about the flyfishing.  Sounds like they aren't sure what they 
really want to do.  They are supposed to get back to me.  You know Mom avoid the things that intimidate you 
Anyway,  hope everything is going well for you and with the wedding plans Talk to you later.
Sharon Nemec  Will has made the statement that he will only go if you go.  I know that is
a lot of pressure, but will you please come to the reunion?  We can drink
and polka to the oldies.  I want Will to get a taste of our past and feel
sorry for me.  So are you in?
How are the family plans for the wedding going? Are they driving you crazy?
Also, can you come to the BBQ on the 13 or the cocktail party on June 23.
Mom and Dad are coming for the BBQ.  If you want, come up then.  I want to
see you soon.  Love ya!!
Sharon Nemec
snemec@shelton.org
Attached is a draft of the turnkey construction contract for your review 
Ron,  As we discussed, Exhibit A - Scope of Work will need to be included Please note the following points:
1.  Liquidated Damages - Need to assess a value for these damages.
2.  Force Majeure - This would currently provide EE&CC with relief from the 
In-Service Date requirements and consequently, the LDs.  Is this acceptable?
3.  Permitting - Need to specify in Exhibit F, those permits that ENA would 
secure, and make EE&CC responsible for any others.
4.  Utility Coordination - Currently this is very generally.  Are there 
specific responsibilities that should be stated in this Agreement wrt the 
Utility?
Please review with these in mind.  I will be out tommorrow and Friday.  Let's 
plan on meeting Monday to discuss the draft 
Are you moving floors or just moving around on 31?  I don't want a lump of 
coal from you at Christmas.
Janel Guerrero@
05/03/2000 04:03 PM
Well, it looks like I'm headed over to the coal group.  They called me up 
after lunch and it's all just a matter of time.  (I actually think the coal 
group cares more about emissions than power, so this might be better after 
all).  Anyway, it appears pretty close to being a done deal.  Barring any 
unforseen glitches, I should be up there in the next week or so 
Have fun in Mexico 
Katie,  Are you still out there?  I tried to email you a couple of times last 
week, but they wouldn't go through for some reason.
fyi
Shawna,
Attached is a Contract Preparation Request for a Facilities Agreement for the 
inlet meter to the Hilcorp Old Ocean Processing Plant.  Also attached is a 
copy of the Work Order describing the scope of the project.  This meter will 
be numbered 098-1603.
George x3-6992
Brad,
In follow up to our meetin with Hilcorp yesterday, I am requesting that you 
break out a segment from the original estimate for facilities. 
We have determined that the immediate need will require is a cost estimate 
for the inlet meter at the intersection of the two pipelines.  Hilcorp will 
put in the tap on their line.  I would like to have a notional number of how 
much that saves us also.
Since the estimate is already complete, I am hoping you can just break out 
this information.  Greg Sharp is looking for an answer of go or no go on this 
project as early as this Friday (the 10th 
Please let me know if this is possible so that I can run some economics 
Thanks for your help.
Clement Abrams@
05/08/2000 01:21 PM
Gerald,
Please forgive me for the delay in getting back with you on this guaranty 
request.  You should be receiving the executed version today.
Clement
Gerald Nemec@ECT
04/21/2000 02:09 PM
Clement,  I had sent you a draft of a guaranty by Enron Corp. for ECS 
Compression Company, L.L.C. earlier.  Have you had a chance to review and 
obtain execution yet.  Please let me know the status.  Thanks for your help
I am doing good.  I was out for 4 days (Thurs, Fri, Sat, Sun) of last week Just got back from Mexico.  Playa del Carmen, which is about 45 minutes south 
of Cancun.    Sun, beach, drinks, party and scuba (Not necessarily in that 
order).  It doesn't get any better than that.  Had a great time.
Congrats on 23!  Yes, you are still very young and don't let anybody tell you 
otherwise.  When you join the business world, you will be fighting the image 
that you are too young to be taken seriously.
Dunk the ring tradition?  You have peaked my curiosity!  You will have to 
give me the full rundown on exactly how wild that tradition is 
Are you moving back to Katy for the summer?  What are your plans?  School, 
work, etc 
Take care and talk to you later.
Gerald 
Katie McMahon  Yea, I figured that is what had happened.  My e-mail was full and
bounced back a lot of messages.  It's up and running now, however.  How
are you doing?  It sure is hot outside.
I'm 23 now!  Whoppee!  People around here think that I am an oldie.  I
tell them that I may be old in school, but young in the business world.
How was your weekend?  Mine went well.  A friend from Houston came and
visited me on Fri.  We went to the Chicken to watch a friend dunk here
ring.  Are you familiar with that tradition?  It's a wild one that I
have to admit I participated in myself.
Good day,
Katie
Gerald Nemec wrote: