yeah i am too conservative, but jessica isn't afraid, i wish she would just stay here
You don't want to fly because you're too freaked out?  That's too bad, but
understandable.  I'm not terribly excited to fly anymore either.  Does Jess
still have to go?  I guess it's okay if she's not nervous -- she'll be
fine.
John.Zufferli@
I am not going to fly on Thurs, but Jessica wants to go anyway.  I think I
am going to stay.  SHe seems ok with it
Hi John,
How are you doing? Are you nervous to fly on Thursday?  Everything will
be
okay -- don't worry.  I'm going to have to start flying to Montreal
again,
at least one day a week, because i'm on the new case.
How's work going?
Livia
a fly fishing book, fly-fishing net, 
I am dyin' over here!  Have you thought of  anything?
DVDs right?  what else?
love, jess
I am not going to fly on Thurs, but Jessica wants to go anyway.  I think I am going to stay.  SHe seems ok with it
Hi John,
How are you doing? Are you nervous to fly on Thursday?  Everything will be
okay -- don't worry.  I'm going to have to start flying to Montreal again,
at least one day a week, because i'm on the new case.
How's work going?
Livia
I have a very important video announcement about the future of our company.  Please go to <  to access the video.  Thank you.
just baby stuff
What would you like for Christmas?  Clothes?  House stuff?  Both mom and I
are wondering.
John.Zufferli@
Still just waiting to see what happens.  Everything is ok though, just a
little slow.  Jessica is doing fine.
Take care
Hi John
How's everything going at work?  Everywhere I turn, there's more dismal
news about Enron.  What's up?  Hope you guys are doing well.  How's Jess
feeling?
Lee
Still just waiting to see what happens.  Everything is ok though, just a little slow.  Jessica is doing fine.
Take care
Hi John
How's everything going at work?  Everywhere I turn, there's more dismal
news about Enron.  What's up?  Hope you guys are doing well.  How's Jess
feeling?
Lee
John Disturnal read/write, the others just read
Hi John,
There's some reorganization taking place for drive access approval right now, and although I have you listed as the approver for the Traders directory, the requests for access came through to me (I'll get that fixed so that they go to you  
Meantime, could you please confirm that the following individuals can have read/write access to the I:\secure\Trading directory:
John Disturnal
Michael Taylor
Murray Fichten
Tyler Seminuk
Thanks!
Karen Maskwa
(403) 974-6799
can you move 	Ian Cooke in front of Stephan
Chad Bruce beside Brian Gillis
Cooper Richey in Ian Cooke's seat beside Chris Dorland
Bill Greenizan beside Cooper Richey
Hourly beside Bill Greenizan in Chad Bruce's seat
i'm going to be in the US from nov 15 to nov 24
Hey,  no problem.  Hopefully you not allergic to hanging out with Enron guys.  The week of the 20th is fairly good.  What were you thinking?
Derek
Hi Derek,
Are you still interested in beers today?  I have unfortunately come down
with a nasty flu, I am going to have to bail out.  I feel like a scumbag
since I initiated the get together, but I'm sure you don't want to be
infected.  Would you like to reschedule for the week of November 20th?
Rob
I am not involved in this, it is Rob Milnthorp's domain.
John,
I'm hearing rumblings from Whalley and others that UBS may want to pick up Canadian service contracts from the Estate 
Can you give me download of these deals?  (high level summary)
Thanks
Frank
Chili and Cheddar Bow Tie Casserole
1 (7oz) can chipotle chiles in adobo  sauce
1 tablespoon butter
1 cup chopped red bell pepper
1/2 cup diced Canadian bacon (about 2  oz)
1 cup thinly sliced green onions
2 tablespoons all-purpose flour
1 teaspoon chili powder
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/2 teaspoon ground cumin
2 1/4 cups 2% reduced-fat milk
2 cups (8 oz) shredded reduced-fat sharp cheddar  cheese
2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro
8 cups hot cooked farfalle (bow tie pasta) or other  short pasta
Cooking spray
Preheat oven to 400 degrees
Remove 1 teaspoon adobo sauce and 1 chile from  canned chiles; mince the chile.  Place remaining sauce and chiles in a  zip-top plastic bag and freeze for future use.
Melt butter in a large Dutch oven over medium-high  heat.  Add bell pepper and bacon; saut? 4 minutes.  Add onions; saut?  1 minute.  Stir in the adobo sauce, minced chile, flour, chili powder, salt  and cumin; cook 1 minute.  Gradually add milk; cook until thick and bubbly  (about 4 minutes), stirring constantly with a whisk.  Remove from  heat.  Gradually add 1 1/2 cups cheese and cilantro, stirring until cheese  melts.  Add pasta to pan; toss well.
Spoon the pasta mixture into a 11x7-inch baking  dish coated with cooking spray.  Sprinkle 1/2 cup cheese over pasta  mixture.  Bake at 400 degrees for 15 mins or until browned.   Yield:  6 servings
Cooks note:  I could not find the prepared can  of whole chiles with the sauce so I just used the can of diced green chiles I  found in the Mexican food isle and threw in what looked to be the right  amount.
Enjoy!
go ahead
Hi John, this survey looks pretty innocent.  It seems to focus on customer satisfaction.  Do you want to have any input to the responses.  If not, I will respond and submit it.
Mark
Dear Mark 
Here is the Customer Satisfaction Survey promised in my October 31, 2001 letter. Your input will help improve Customer Service at ESBI Alberta Ltd.  Our consultant, Praxis Research, has worked with us to develop an easy-to-use online survey that should only take about 5-10 minutes to complete.
You may complete the survey online or fax a completed printed version of the web survey to 1-403-249-8983.  If you would prefer to complete the survey via telephone, please call Praxis Research at 1-888-882-1285.
To access the online survey, please click on the following Internet link: www.praxis.ca/eal/eal_survey1.htm.
We have assigned you an individual password: mad98  which you need to access the survey.   If you do not complete the survey at one sitting you can use your password to re-enter the survey and finish your partially completed survey or revise your responses. (Up to Nov. 30 at which time the response period terminates and we analyze the input).
Your responses are confidential. Praxis, the independent research firm collecting the information, will aggregate all data. Comments will always be aggregated by Praxis to maintain individual confidentiality. If, however, you choose to identify yourself, EAL will be glad to respond to any specific comments you make. If you have any questions or concerns about the online survey please contact David de Lange at Praxis Research at 1-888-882-1285 or by email at delange@praxis.ca.
All participants will receive an executive summary of the survey.  In addition, early in 2002 we intend to host a workshop to, among other things, develop customer service improvement initiatives in response to the survey findings.
Your participation in this survey is greatly appreciated.
Sincerely,
Vincent Flynn
President and CEO
ESBI Alberta Ltd.
looks ok to me
Kindly terminate all payroll deductions for non-registered plans with Canada Life
Thank you
The canadian sap # is 	p00565421
the us sap # is		p00503799
rumor on cnbc is that dynegy is buying enron
Untitled Attachment 
Congratulations to Cyntia and Dan Di Stefano on their new son!  Peter Angelo was born at 9:44 p.m. on Sunday.  He weighs 9 lbs 2 oz and is 22" long.  Everyone is doing well.
Just contact me at this e-mail address or 403-974-6749 re your interview
It's 2200 miles to Houston, to far to drive
home (403) 685-4817
Crap?stop reading the papers?you just stop that right now.  Hey?please send me your home number.
CNN) -- Seven airport security workers have been suspended after police said a man made it through a security checkpoint at Chicago's O'Hare International Airport with knives, a can of Mace and a stun gun. 
Security screeners took two knives from Subash Gurung, 27, after he initially went through the checkpoint Saturday night, authorities said. Gurung then was allowed to pass through. Seven more knives, Mace and a stun gun were found in his carry-on luggage during a random search before boarding a United Airlines flight, police said. 
The suspect, who told authorities he is from Nepal, was arrested Sunday night by the FBI and will be arraigned Monday on a federal charge of unlawfully taking a weapon aboard an aircraft. He originally had been arrested Saturday by local police, charged with two misdemeanors and released on bond. 
CNN has learned of a possible connection between Gurung and a man who is being held as a material witness in the September 11 terrorist attacks. Gurung listed the same West Hollywood Avenue address in Chicago as the detainee. (Full story  In the U.S.-led retaliation for the terror attacks, Taliban forces were leaving their southern Afghan stronghold of Kandahar on Monday as U.S.-led airstrikes intensified. 
After a quiet day Sunday -- allied planes dropped a single bomb southeast of the city -- CNN's Kamal Hyder reported heavy bombardment of rural districts around Kandahar as well as military targets to the northeast, southeast and west. 
There were reports of further attacks overnight on the Kajaki Dam area, where a hydroelectric plant is located that provides power to Kandahar. 
Taliban frontline positions north of Kabul also were hit Monday, and there were reports of intense fighting near the strategic northern city of Mazar-e Sharif. 
CNN) -- Seven airport security workers have been suspended after police said a man made it through a security checkpoint at Chicago's O'Hare International Airport with knives, a can of Mace and a stun gun. 
Security screeners took two knives from Subash Gurung, 27, after he initially went through the checkpoint Saturday night, authorities said. Gurung then was allowed to pass through. Seven more knives, Mace and a stun gun were found in his carry-on luggage during a random search before boarding a United Airlines flight, police said. 
The suspect, who told authorities he is from Nepal, was arrested Sunday night by the FBI and will be arraigned Monday on a federal charge of unlawfully taking a weapon aboard an aircraft. He originally had been arrested Saturday by local police, charged with two misdemeanors and released on bond. 
CNN has learned of a possible connection between Gurung and a man who is being held as a material witness in the September 11 terrorist attacks. Gurung listed the same West Hollywood Avenue address in Chicago as the detainee. (Full story  In the U.S.-led retaliation for the terror attacks, Taliban forces were leaving their southern Afghan stronghold of Kandahar on Monday as U.S.-led airstrikes intensified. 
After a quiet day Sunday -- allied planes dropped a single bomb southeast of the city -- CNN's Kamal Hyder reported heavy bombardment of rural districts around Kandahar as well as military targets to the northeast, southeast and west. 
There were reports of further attacks overnight on the Kajaki Dam area, where a hydroelectric plant is located that provides power to Kandahar. 
Taliban frontline positions north of Kabul also were hit Monday, and there were reports of intense fighting near the strategic northern city of Mazar-e Sharif. 
CNN) -- Seven airport security workers have been suspended after police said a man made it through a security checkpoint at Chicago's O'Hare International Airport with knives, a can of Mace and a stun gun. 
Security screeners took two knives from Subash Gurung, 27, after he initially went through the checkpoint Saturday night, authorities said. Gurung then was allowed to pass through. Seven more knives, Mace and a stun gun were found in his carry-on luggage during a random search before boarding a United Airlines flight, police said. 
The suspect, who told authorities he is from Nepal, was arrested Sunday night by the FBI and will be arraigned Monday on a federal charge of unlawfully taking a weapon aboard an aircraft. He originally had been arrested Saturday by local police, charged with two misdemeanors and released on bond. 
CNN has learned of a possible connection between Gurung and a man who is being held as a material witness in the September 11 terrorist attacks. Gurung listed the same West Hollywood Avenue address in Chicago as the detainee. (Full story  In the U.S.-led retaliation for the terror attacks, Taliban forces were leaving their southern Afghan stronghold of Kandahar on Monday as U.S.-led airstrikes intensified. 
After a quiet day Sunday -- allied planes dropped a single bomb southeast of the city -- CNN's Kamal Hyder reported heavy bombardment of rural districts around Kandahar as well as military targets to the northeast, southeast and west. 
There were reports of further attacks overnight on the Kajaki Dam area, where a hydroelectric plant is located that provides power to Kandahar. 
Taliban frontline positions north of Kabul also were hit Monday, and there were reports of intense fighting near the strategic northern city of Mazar-e Sharif. 
Here is the position summary as of Feb 2, 2002
During this critical time, it is imperative that our management team remain focused on our business and continue to address the challenges currently facing our company.  For that reason, I have decided to postpone the Enron Management Conference.
The Conference will now be held Friday, February 22 - Saturday, February 23, 2002 at the Westin La Cantera Resort in San Antonio.  While the Saturday meeting allows some Enron executives who cannot be away from the office during business hours to attend the Management Conference for the first time, I also recognize that it requires many of you to forfeit additional personal time on behalf of Enron.  I truly appreciate your sacrifice and I sincerely encourage your attendance.
The new agenda, while still being finalized, will be abbreviated but every bit as informative and worthwhile as previously planned.  We'll be in touch soon with more details.
,
Ken Lay 
A ok for me
Could you kindly provide me with your revisions, if any, as soon as possible.
Thanks, Nella
Gentlemen, you have recently received hard copies of the 3rd quarter soft targets.  Attached for your reference are the electronic versions of the soft targets.
Paul, your hard copies will arrive on Monday.
, Nella
jzufferli@shaw.ca, it has changed from jzufferli@home.com
Zuf:
what is your home email address again?
in hoc,
smith
_________________________________________________________________
can you explain to me what data you are pulling for canadian fixed price positions in the report, it showed chris lambie selling 1200 contracts yesterday.   my records indicate chris sold 145 nymex contracts yesterday.  in general the data (i.e including the var calc) is questionable relative to my reports.
That is good
How's 11:30 or so Nov 15 and I can buy you lunch?
If not, pick a time that day as I'm fairly open.
Cheryl
Looks ok
Thanks for the information, John,
I want to set up a meeting with you for mid-November to show you how we
are
representing market activity and talk to you about forward open
interests.
How does November 15 or so look for you?
Cheryl
Looks ok
Thanks for the information, John,
I want to set up a meeting with you for mid-November to show you how we are
representing market activity and talk to you about forward open interests.
How does November 15 or so look for you?
Cheryl
When you get it can you come talk to me about this
Thanks
Attached is the summary of PMA's for Sept to be included in the DPR for Oct.
Let me know if you have any questions
Mark
the phone number for the conference room in calgary is 403-974-6983
Here is the article I mentioned.  love, jess
- How Enron Blew It.doc 
In the event that your vision is clearing, here is another stick in the eye.
John
October 26th, 2001
WATT-EX ANNOUNCES EQUITY FINANCING AND MARKET-MAKER AGREEMENT
Dynegy to Enhance Liquidity in Canadian Electricity Market
Calgary, Alberta, Canada (Oct. 26, 2001) - Alberta Watt Exchange (Watt-Ex)
today announced significant advancement in its long-term business plan with
the execution of two definitive agreements. ENTx Capital Corporation and RAW
Energy Ltd. have agreed to purchase treasury shares in OXEN Inc., the parent
company of Watt-Ex. The new capital will be used to broaden the range of
services offered by Watt-Ex and for general corporate purposes.
Watt-Ex also announced that Dynegy Canada Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of
Dynegy Inc. (NYSE: DYN), has agreed to provide market-maker services. Under
the terms of the agreement, Dynegy Canada will maintain bid and offer prices
in Alberta electricity forward contracts traded on the online Watt-Ex
system.
Dynegy Canada's market-maker service will serve as a platform for enhancing
liquidity in the Alberta electricity market. The increased liquidity will be
available to suppliers and users to manage price risk, reduce financial
uncertainty and bring greater economic performance into the Alberta
electricity market.
Watt-Ex is an independently owned and operated online trading system for
electrical energy in the Alberta market. It allows market participants to
buy and sell contracts for firm forward commitments in the real time or spot
electricity market, as well as providing for the trade of ancillary
services.
ENTx Capital Corporation is a private equity investor, specializing in
emerging, innovative and financially sound small cap operating companies in
the electric power industry.
RAW Energy Ltd. is a private company, active across most aspects of the
energy industry.
Dynegy Inc. is a leading energy merchant and power generator in North
America, the United Kingdom and Continental Europe. A Fortune 100 company,
Dynegy in 2000 established its communications business, Dynegy Global
Communications, which is engaged in providing network solutions and
connectivity to wholesale customers worldwide.
Dynegy has been an active participant in Canadian energy markets since 1994.
With headquarters in Calgary, Alberta, Canada, Dynegy Canada is one of the
country's largest marketers and traders of natural gas, electricity, crude
oil and natural gas liquids.
For further information please contact:
Alberta Watt Exchange Limited
Suite 200
1055 - 20th Avenue NW
Calgary, Alberta, Canada
T2M 1E7
Phone (403) 210-2144 Sheldon Fulton - President
Certain statement included in this news release are intended as
"forward-looking statements" under the Private Securities Litigation Reform
Act of 1995. These statements include assumptions, expectations, prediction,
intentions or beliefs about future events. Dynegy cautions that actual
future results may vary materially from those expressed or implied in any
forward-looking statements. Some of the key factors that could cause actual
results to vary from those Dynegy expects include changes in commodity
prices for energy or communications products or services, the timing and
extent of deregulation of energy markets in the U.S., Canada and Europe;
general capital market conditions; the effectiveness of Dynegy's risk
management policies and procedures; the liquidity and competitiveness of
wholesale trading markets for energy commodities, including the impact of
electronic or online trading in these markets; operational factors affecting
Dynegy's power generation or Dynegy's midstream natural gas facilities;
uncertainties regarding the development of, and competition within, the
market for broadband services in the U.S. and Europe; and uncertainties
regarding environmental regulations or litigation and other legal or
regulatory developments affecting Dynegy's business. Moreover, statements
regarding expected delivery dates of new liquids carriers are subject to
various construction risks that could cause such delivery to be delayed or
prevented, such as a failure to obtain financing or the failure of
third-party contractors or perform their contractual obligations. More
information about the risks and uncertainties relating to these
forward-looking statements are found in Dynegy's SEC filings, which are
available free of charge on the SEC's web site at  
< 
Back to top of page 
i have a pcmcia card and the password is jessi
have an ethernet card?
also -- what was the password again?
Yes
Is this planned maint schedule for 2002?
Sundance 3:	Aug. 16 to Sept. 13
Sundance 4:	Jul. 12 to Aug. 6
Sundance 3: Aug.16 to Sept.13
Sundance 4: July 12 to Aug 6
Sundance 3:	Aug. 16 to Sept. 13
Sundance 4:	Jul. 12 to Aug. 6
Today marks the completion of the 2 week commissioning period for ADMS.
Effective October 26th at 16:00 the System Controllers will no longer follow
up ADMS dispatches with a voice confirmation unless a ADMS message has timed
out because of technical difficulties or the System Controllers have been
notified that a participant is having technical difficulties receiving ADMS
dispatches and directives.
The time out period will be adjusted from the 10 minutes to 5 minutes. We
intend to further reduce the time out to 2 minutes following a reasonable
delay and reassessment based on our operating experience.
We are currently reevaluating the ADMS dispatch procedures with   to
the Interconnections. Any changes to the Interconnection procedures will be
conveyed to participants well in advance of implementation.
Thanks to all of you for your patience during our implementation of this
valuable new tool.
Sincerely,
Don Adair
Manager, System Coordination Center
Rick & Laura Figueroa
210 Windrift Ct.
Sugarland, TX 77479
Brian & Amy Brewer
11927 Canyon Mills Dr.
Houston, TX 77095
Carrie Grin
3502 Burlington St #3
Houston, TX 77006
Mik Cadena
5610 Island Breeze
Houston, TX 77041
Can't wait to see you guys.  Sorry if I sounded scatter brained when we talked on Wed, I was trying to watch the gas screen and trade at the same time.
Hope all is well.
John
Gentlemen,
Besides the upcoming workshop we are organizing in Calgary, I would like
to bring to your attention some of the software technologies we are
developing for Energy Risk management in Calgary.
Our technology is Modular (multithreaded C++ DLLs) and can be integrated
into yours with great ease.
More generally, the cost of software development is quite lower in
Canada, I would also like to explore the possibility of outsourcing some
of your development: we have a strong analytics team: 3 PhD in Numerical
and applied math (all of us are well established Profs at the
University), and a software team 
I have included a document describing our products.
,
ali lari lavassani
--
Dr Ali Lari-Lavassani,  President and CEO
QuantRisk.com  (www.quantrisk.com)
Suite 1700, East Tower, Energy Plaza
311, 6th Avenue S.W.				Tel: (403) 714 0746	
Calgary, Alberta, Canada T2P 3H2 		Fax: (403) 714 0404
Download Workshop Information and Registration:  in PDF Format (Requires Adobe 4.0 +)    in Word Format [IMAGE]
- QuantRisk.pdf 
I have no memory of receiving this info.  Can you send me another?
Hi John 
The Critical Illness packages were delivered Oct.12 and should be an entire policy in a clear plastic zip bag.  If you can not find the policy at home or around your desk I will gladly request a new policy from Unum.  Unfortunately this is not a generic form, but one that had been preprinted by the Insurance Company.   Let me know  
Thanks,
Michelle 
There is nothing in my inbox.  I have no form to sign.  Could you deliver me one please?
If you are reading this message, you owe me a form.
Critical Illness policies have been distributed for a week and a half.  There is a Premium Notice & Authorization form in each Critical Illness package.  Please sign and return to me immediately to ensure your coverage is not delayed.  All forms need to be sent to me by October 29th, 2001. 
Thanks,
Michelle Wells
Payroll & Benefits
Phone: (403) 974-6977 
Fax: (403) 974-6985
michelle.wells@ 
Gentlemen,
First, my condolences on your stock price.  All I can say is that I
empathize: AES fell 49% in one day a few weeks ago.  I suspect the market
will bounce back for both our companies before very long.
I attach a speadsheet with slightly revised performance numbers, and per
our last conversation, I have added numbers on ramp rates and start times
to help you better model the optionality.  When the forwards improve (as a
developer, I MUST be optimistic!), you can use this updated information to
update your pricing.  I look forward to resuming our discussions.
,
Derek Denniston
Vice President
AES Calgary
o: 415.395.7886
f:  415.395.7891
m: 415.786.3773
ddenniston@aesc.com
- Tolling Inputs 10-23.xls 
derek can you forward me the e-mail for the management conference?  my e-mail puked and deleted everything in my inbox.
I want to install some reporting measures on position limits and VAR metrics here in Canada.  Can you give Brian Gillis the necessary access so that he can prepare the reports for me.
If you have any questions give me a call ?
John, as we discussed, we need access to the O:/erms/controls/rmsdata/~0RMSDBS97a.ldb database in order to run our VAR metrics model here in Calgary (enabling to report Return on VAR, efficiency ratings etc.)  If you could follow up on this on our behalf that would be great.
FYI - I have attached the last e-mail chain where I made the request.
Looking for access, eh?
Database users have gone nuts last few months and even myself, who has access, is being told that I can't run queries I used too.  I'm thinking about putting perf report requirements into a "gooey" so IT can program.
I'll continue prodding Bharat to give you the query, and I'll see what I can do regarding the database?
Frank
Frank, I have no problem cc'ing you on the report - and it is basically the package of info that Bharat sent to us (RoVAR, Efficiency, Sharpe, etc.).  But Rob and John are not seeing any of these stats yet since we don't have access to the database and therefore do not have current information.  Are you the one to authorize the access?
Brian
What stats are Rob and John seeing?  Any chance you can cc me on report?
Frank
Debbie, 
I was wanting to get access to the following database for myself and Chelsea Bardal:
O:/erms/controls/rmsdata/~0RMSDBS97a.ldb
We need this access so that we can query and load the VAR information for the Calgary gas desk by trader.  This information will be used to generate a weekly set of performance measures for Rob Milnthorp, the president of ECC, and John Zufferli, the head of ECC trading.
Please let me know if there will be any problems with this.
Brian
looks neat, maybe needs some other coloured wall paint to personalize it
The guy in some of the shots is the vendor.  The place was kinda messy
yesterday when i visited it, but it'll give you an idea.
Livia
(See attached file: Exterior_optimized.jpg)(See attached file:
Bedroom_2_optimized.jpg)(See attached file: Bedroom_3_optimized.jpg)(See
attached file: Bedroom_optimized.jpg)(See attached file:
Dining-Room_optimized.jpg)(See attached file: Bathroom.jpg)
- Exterior_optimized.jpg   - Bedroom_2_optimized.jpg   - Bedroom_3_optimized.jpg   - Bedroom_optimized.jpg   - Dining-Room_optimized.jpg   - Bathroom.jpg  
There is nothing in my inbox.  I have no form to sign.  Could you deliver me one please?
If you are reading this message, you owe me a form.
Critical Illness policies have been distributed for a week and a half.  There is a Premium Notice & Authorization form in each Critical Illness package.  Please sign and return to me immediately to ensure your coverage is not delayed.  All forms need to be sent to me by October 29th, 2001. 
Thanks,
Michelle Wells
Payroll & Benefits
Phone: (403) 974-6977 
Fax: (403) 974-6985
michelle.wells@ 
Due to the continuing threat of viruses over the Internet, and the constant attacks to your broadband connections, we have made Norton Anti-Virus updates and BlackIce Security software available for use with your Clickathome computer.  You can download the software free of charge through the U.S. ClickAtHome Portal Internet site.  Below are instructions on how to get there.  PLEASE NOTE, the BlackIce software will not work on an Enron-imaged pc or your office pc.
Go to Internet Explorer (version 5.0 or greater), type in the address "clickathome.net", and enter.  Next, click on Create an id and password.  Any name and password you choose will do, as long as it is not a duplicate.  Click on "Remember User Name and Password" for convenience 
Once you are logged on to the Portal, click on the TOOLS button at the top.  Next, click on the section entitled "Security".  You will see the links to the software.  Once you click on either BlackIce or Norton AntiVirus, you will be given detailed instructions on how to download. 
Please note that the ClickAtHome Portal is U.S. focused, and the benefits and some of the information are for US employees only. Due to the fact that Enron is developing a Global Enterprise-wise Portal, we were not allowed to move forward in completing a Canadian Portal.  Next year, the Global Portal will have information specific to Canadians.
If you have any questions or difficulties, please contact us by email at "clickathomecanada@".
Here's the newest generation Apols I was not able to get to this on Friday Dawn.
Yes, we do have a new trading game, link below, essentially you can play with up to 10 people and they play against each other.  Go and have a go!
Sophie
I never wrote nor implied that I was intending to hedge currency exposure with a third party.  I implied that I will hedge with you guys when and where I deem appropriate in the term structure.
John, 
I don't have all the facts around this transaction, but I don't think you are authorized to hedge currency exposure with outside counterparties as you've outlined in your email to Hickerson, etc.  I'd appreciate some information.
Jeff
You will violate Enron policy if you do that.
Gary
Given the volatility in the gas market (which is the sole impact on the Canadian power book's US dollar exposure) and the exhorbitant cost involved in hedging multi-year cashflows (i.e. as evidenced by Friday 10/19/2001 trade of -$1,200,000 Cdn new deal value for the 14 year swap that I entered into), I will manage the currency exposure of this book myself, I will hedge appropriately when I see fit and will not accept hedges forced on Enron Canada because of arbitrary position limits set by your department.
John Zufferli
Since Alberta Power trades 15 times/day and East and West power trade in excess of 1000 times/day, I believe that a 10% allocation for my desk is inappropriate.  I would be willing to settle for 5% and I believe that this is more that generation/
Given the volatility in the gas market (which is the sole impact on the Canadian power book's US dollar exposure) and the exhorbitant cost involved in hedging multi-year cashflows (i.e. as evidenced by Friday 10/19/2001 trade of -$1,200,000 Cdn new deal value for the 14 year swap that I entered into), I will manage the currency exposure of this book myself, I will hedge appropriately when I see fit and will not accept hedges forced on Enron Canada because of arbitrary position limits set by your department.
John Zufferli
Once again , the EOL report is ignoring the new customer list that I have given twice now.  They seem to insist that the the Canadian subs that are now tradinig Alberta power that have traded other products on EOL are not new customers. I have all but given up on this issue.
In terms on of # of trades/day for Alberta Power, the numbers for Aug and Sep are low:
August is 24 trades/day not 22 trades/day
Sep is 13 trades/day not 8 trades/day
I will check the gas info later
Gentlemen, you have recently received hard copies of the 3rd quarter soft targets.  Attached for your reference are the electronic versions of the soft targets.
Paul, your hard copies will arrive on Monday.
, Nella
Can you spend time with your replacement before you leave? I'll let you know on Monday who that will be 
Good luck in your future endeavours, it is sad to see you go.
John,
This note is to officially announce that I will not sign the contract with UBS. I feel it is time for me to start something new and a great opportunity was presented to me in  Montreal. I want to thank you for everything you and this company did for me. I sincerely wish you all the success you deserve in this new adventure.
After having talked to Dawn, I will be in the office until Thursday Feb-21. It was understood that I will be paid for any unused vacation days.
Once again, thank you for your support and good luck with UBS!
Yours Truly,
Stephane Brodeur
Where is my preliminary P&L for Oct 16?
I plan to attend
It is apparent that the recent September 11th terrorist attacks in the United States has caused havoc in the airline industry with cancelled flights and the rescheduling of numerous flights.  In this regard, I am now looking into chartering a flight from Calgary to San Antonio (and back to Calgary, of course) for the staff invited to the management conference in November.  Could you kindly confirm whether you will be attending the management conference in San Antonio in order that I may provide this information to the airline charter companies with respect to selecting the appropriate sized aircraft  
Paul, I am not sure if you would like to join the individuals travelling from Calgary or if you would prefer to fly directly from Toronto.  Please let me know your thoughts on this.
, Nella 
PS:  I would suggest that anyone who has already booked their flights to cancel same. 
Looks ok to me from the trading side
Gentlemen, attached are the recent Enron Americas Management Summary Reports and Hot List for your review.
, Nella
Please find attached the final Management Summary and Hot List for 3rd quarter.
Thanks
Misti
x39525
I agree, I feel the same.  It feels like we are getting left behind.
John, I need you to give some thought to us intervening, from a competition law standpoint on:
1) Westcoast/Duke Merger (b.c. trading implications)
2) TCGS/Mirant Transaction (market power implications - control of ~8bcf/d supply)
It might be worthwhile for you, me, lambie, hemstock, and keohane to discuss. 
Unfortunately, the timing does not work for me
Hey John, I sent you a letter last week in   to TD Capital Private
Equity putting on a presentation this Thursday 10/18/2001 at 12 noon.
This is a limited partnership strategy which invests in a portfolio of
leading North American and European venture capital, leveraged buyout
and industry-specialized funds.
I think you would be interested in attending.
Please RSVP to the letter or myself.
Thanks, Mike.
I don't have the P&L summary with post ID's for my gas books as of 10/12
An update from the ADaMS implementation team 
Last week was quite hectic with training and last minute fixes. My thanks to
all of you for your patience and participation and apologies for some
appointments missed.
1. This afternoon we implemented the System Controller portion of the AdAMS
software. All real dispatches will continue 'voice only' until this Thursday
at 14:00.
2. Our development/ test  system will be available until Thursday afternoon
for training dispatches. Al Gulutzan (403-233-4685) is in charge of
participant training.
3. On Thursday at 14:00, we will enable the Participant portion of the ADaMS
software. We expect that you have your people logged in and we'll begin the
parallel operation period where all dispatches will be sent electronically
and will be accompanied by voice dispatch. This period is expected to last 2
weeks. We fully expect that some participants will need longer than 2 weeks
and some will need less.
4. Please advise by return-email if you do not wish to be on this
distribution list or if you want someone else to be on the list
Jerry Mossing
Also, instead of sending me the P&L via e-mail, arrange to have someone here to put the P&L and new deal reports on my desk as usual.
Thanks
Please find attached the file containing the P&L for Oct 9.
Also, where are my gas reports
Please find attached the file containing the P&L for Oct 9.
Also, instead of sending me the P&L via e-mail, arrange to have someone here to put the P&L and new deal reports on my desk as usual.
Thanks
Please find attached the file containing the P&L for Oct 9.
can you make it more official looking, ideally a fax, signed by you, no worries, there is no liability
Dec 19 marks for small volume  
- Book2.xls  
The currency P&L is missing from the preliminary again.  We shouldn't post P&L to the executive management reports with missing components.
Please find attached the file containing the P&L for Oct 9.
BTW, I think I have a bye on this video.
sorry guys - I didnt really read this the first time. I thought it was regarding the video for the management conference (which they also are short volunteers for). Please disregard and I will find out what the attached is about.
Sorry for the confusion, rob. 
Guys - any volunteers or should we "draw straws"
We have unsuccessfully attempted to find sponsors for the project list you gave to me in our meeting.  I would therefore like to start the game again but starting from zero and working our way up. Assuming we are starting with no budget for IT development, please could you sit down with each of our Business Sponsors and agree a number with them.  They are:
Tim Belden (or his appointed person) for West Power
Lloyd Will for East Power
Geof Storey for Gas 
Laura Luce for Peoples and Global Net
Chris Gaskill for Gas Fundys
Rob Milnthorp (or his appointed person) for Canada.
Mark Haedicke/Greenberg (or his appointed person) for Legal.
Each of the above will be allocated their charge for IT development and capital (apart from Geof who will allocate across the desks) and therefore is the best person/people to decide on the costs.  Please could you arrange a short meeting/discussion with each and agree a budget as the process so far is not working.
I am assuming its zero at the moment.
Thanks
Louise
I am not sure what New Start is? Any details?
Guys - any volunteers or should we "draw straws"
We have unsuccessfully attempted to find sponsors for the project list you gave to me in our meeting.  I would therefore like to start the game again but starting from zero and working our way up. Assuming we are starting with no budget for IT development, please could you sit down with each of our Business Sponsors and agree a number with them.  They are:
Tim Belden (or his appointed person) for West Power
Lloyd Will for East Power
Geof Storey for Gas 
Laura Luce for Peoples and Global Net
Chris Gaskill for Gas Fundys
Rob Milnthorp (or his appointed person) for Canada.
Mark Haedicke/Greenberg (or his appointed person) for Legal.
Each of the above will be allocated their charge for IT development and capital (apart from Geof who will allocate across the desks) and therefore is the best person/people to decide on the costs.  Please could you arrange a short meeting/discussion with each and agree a budget as the process so far is not working.
I am assuming its zero at the moment.
Thanks
Louise
What is the asking price of this vehicle?
Hey Jim and Greg, Jessica and I sent a card to Chris's wife asking about his well-being and this is the unfornate response.
Sent: Friday, October 05, 2001 3:04 PM
This is correct, except that a significant portion of his cost should be reapplied to Enron Direct
I am just wanting to confirm information I received from Tricia Henry earlier this week -  that Sean Lalani should be getting charged to Cost Center 107083 - Power Trading.
To date he has been costed to 150156 - Power Originations.
Please advise whether it is correct to reclass all previous transactions to 107083.
Thanks
Kate Panchuk
Enron Canada Corp
Ph: (403) 974 6798
Dear ClickAtHome Participant,
ClickAtHome is interested in making sure you have the latest security tools available to you.  As part of the ClickAtHome program, you may download and update Norton Anti-Virus and BlackICE Defender software from the ClickAtHome Portal 
Norton AntiVirus software repairs computer virus infections automatically.  It scans and cleans your hard drive, diskettes and both incoming and outgoing email BlackICE Defender is an industrial-strength anti-hacker system that protects your PC by scanning your DSL, cable modem, or dial-up Internet connection looking for hacker activity. When it detects an attempted intrusion, it automatically blocks traffic from that source, keeping intruders from accessing your system. 
By installing and updating both Norton AntiVirus and BlackICE Defender, your ClickAtHome PC will have the latest security offered by these two products Instructions for accessing the Portal and downloading the software are provided below.
If you have any questions or wish to provide feedback, please email clickathome@.  Thank you for your participation in ClickAtHome.
The ClickAtHome Team!
__________________________________
To download the software:
1)  Visit the ClickAtHome Portal at www.clickathome.net from your ClickAtHome PC.
2)  Logon to the Portal with your personally created Portal User ID and Password, or create a new account if you have not created a user ID and password by selecting "Create a NEW Account" at the top left corner.  The Portal User IDs and Passwords are created by you.  The Enron Help Desk is not able to assist with Portal support, but if you need any assistance, please send an email to "clickathome@".
3) Once you have logged on, select "Tools" from the top menu bar.
4) Under the "Secure Download" heading, click on "BlackICE" or "Norton" and log on to the download page using your SAP ID and Date of Birth.
5) Follow the directions provided on screen.
That is the Saturday after the management conference in San Antonio, I was planning to stay down there for the US thanksgiving.  So tentatively, I won't be there
Conference is Nov 14-16
Reminder, tomorrow is the deadline to RSVP to the Company Christmas Party.
Angela McCulloch
YES
John and Chris, Rob would like to meet with you both to further discuss the issues relating to ECC's wholesale offer to Enron Direct.  I have scheduled this meeting on Tuesday, October 9th at 2:00 pm in Rob's office.  Does this date and time work for you both?
, Nella
Guys - I understand that you met with Cross et al to discuss wholesale offers to retail. My original position on the matter has not changed. That is, the wholesale desks need to show a wholesale offer to retail. In other words, the offer shown to our retail affiliate, at a minimum, should equal the offer that would be shown in our wholesale business (either through EOL, brokers or the offer given to originators for wholesale customer deals 
There has been a great deal of discussion with respect to the margins retail is adding to the wholesale offer. From a wholesale perspective, this is irrelevant. The retail business requires large margins due to its nature - small vol, high credit, commission, call centre, invoicing, etc. 
The retail margin only becomes relevant if prices need to be tighter. In those particular cases, both parties need to work together to make sure that our price is ultimately competitive. This may involve one or both parties reducing their imbedded margins and/or offer. 
I am looking to the two of you to help build the retail business. Your leadership and assistance are crititcal to the success of the retail initiative. Without your cooperation, the business is dead. You are both in a position of power to make or break the retail business in Canada. It is very clear that EES Houston is relying heavily on Lavo and his folks to push forward the retail business in the US - it seems to be working. We need to ensure that we are doing the same. I can guarantee you that your efforts will not go unnoticed. 
I understand that sharing the margin was discussed as an option. This option will not work. From an external perspective, it is imperative that Enron demonstrate its retail capabilities as well as retail earnings. If a portion of retail margin remains in wholesale, it does nothing for expanding the stock multiple. I am convinced that the key lever to expanding our stock multiple lies with retail and therefore retail earnings.
If you have any questions or concerns, I would be happy to discuss this further - at the end of the day, it is imperative that we are all on the same page. 
Rob
The import/export units are fine, here is the SD3 SD4 info
- EnronCanada_ENBC.doc   - EnronCanada_ENE1.doc   - EnronCanada_ENE2.doc   - EnronCanada_ENSK.doc 
Frank, I forgot about Lon Draper and the options, here is an update.
I'll call him, I have to arrange to be there when he can come since it requires me to lift the TV with him.
He called this morning to arrange a time to deliver  that last piece.  I copied down the number but does not seem to be  correct.  I have 713-8914.  I can't find the card with his number on  the back.  Do you have it?  If so, I can call and schedule with  him.
love, jess
Take the TransCanada Hwy 1 west to Calgary.  This becomes 16 Ave N in the city.
Take Highway 2 south (Deerfoot) when you get in the city.
When you come to the Deerfoot/Glenmore intersection take Glenmore Trail East.
On Glenmore, you'll pass under Macleod Trail (there is a big mall Chinook centre on your right), you'll pass over the Glenmore reservoir.
When you get to Glenmore and 37 st get in the inside lane of Glenmore.  After 45 st, Glenmore will split in 2, stay in the inside (i.e. leftmost lanes).
This fork will lead you to a stop light where you turn left onto Highway 8 Bragg Creek.
On highway 8 you will pass 69st, after the light get in the outside lane and take your next right on Lower Springbank Rd.  At the the stop sign turn left onto Lower Springbank, you should now be going parallel to Highway 8.  After 85 st and before 101st there is a gravel entrance road on your right, take this road, it is 100 feet long and leads to Slopeview Dr, turn left when the gravel road joins the pavement and go to 133 Slopeview Dr.
Please provide directions.  Thanks - Jess
 Hi Guys,