Charlie
I guess I would have shot him.
Look out for very cold temps by this weekend and next week.  Coldest in 4 
years.
Attached you can find a load factor analysis for Stagecoach.  This analysis 
shows MMBtus and KWhrs based on different loads for both the summer (June, 
July, and August)  and the winter months (September, October, November, 
december, January, February, March, April & May 
Please notice that the heat rate equals 7,500 Btu/HPhr and the billing demand 
equals 10,980KW.
PLease don't hesitate to call me at 5-3269 if you have any questions.
Maria
+sgp+bmy&d=v1
Houston/Radar/
Houston/Precipitation/
Per Andrew, Let's plan on meeting (or at least touching base) on Thursday at 
3:00.  I'm attaching a revised summary and a spreadsheet derived from the one 
Maria sent me on Monday.  Please take time to review both documents to see if 
we're still heading down the right path 
Just fill out form and send $2000 in.  Contribution is for year 2001.  I've 
been real busy.
Margaret Jones  Charlie,  I received my check from Bidwell for $2,023. and some change.
I have an IRA form for my 2001 contribution from Fidelity.  Is there
anything I need to do besides fill out the form and mail a check?
I talked to Mama yesterday - she said your house was looking good.  I
signed Travis up for the Pony League baseball - it will be a lot
different from Little League and I think he is a little nervous but so
is everyone else that is moving up.  Elizabeth is doing the reading for
mass at school on Thursday - it is the first grade class turn again and
she did the responsorial psalm last time.  Her two main teachers told
the religion teacher that Elizabeth would have to read again because the
reading was long and complicated and Elizabeth was the only one that
would be capable of doing it.  I was really proud - not bad for a
daughter that was supposed to be retarded- I always feel like telling
the doctor's that they don't know everything.  Anyway, I hope you'll are
doing great and let me know about my contribution.  Love, Margaret
It's Saturday.  Will that work?
Lunch is likely. Call me then
Andrew,
Can we move tomorrow's meeting to 5:00 instead of 3:00?   I have a 
structuring class all day.  Mark will need to leave at ~5:30 so I'll try to 
be up here a little early if possible.  I'll send a nother note with a 
conference room if I can get one 
Thanks,
Charlie
Andrew Miles@
02/06/2001 04:34 PM
Hi guys,
I received a few questions from EES on the gas side of the deal.  I know the 
answers to most of these, I was just wondering if you had any insight to the 
rest after our lunch meeting with Corey and Paul on Friday.  Let's discuss if 
you have a chance when I return on Thursday afternoon.  Can we keep this 
under wraps for now?  I don't want EES to ever think that I'm playing you 
guys against each other, I just want to make sure I don't go back to El Paso 
and ask questions they've already answered.
1.  What is the name of the delivery point?  If Ellisburg, can EES deliver 
this gas supply to any point at Ellisburg Storage?
2. Is the storage a firm service from TGP or interruptible?  If 
interruptible, will EES be told to remove supply from storage due to TGP Firm 
storage commitments?  What does interruptible mean 
3.  How long can EES carry the volumes in storage?  What are the TGP "cost of 
carry" in storage?  What is the cost of pulling the gas out of storage?  Are 
there any "IN STORAGE"  transfer costs? 
4.  What is the maximum daily quantity EES can pull out of storage?
5.  What is the maximum storage capacity in Ellisburg for the Stagecoach 
project?  Can EES have access to this storage capacity at any time?  Can EES 
inject other gas volumes once the volumes allocated by El Paso are utilized?
6.  What are the possible other (alternate) delivery points? Will there be a 
basis difference from Ellisburg?  Will these alternate delivery points be 
firm deliveries?  What will the MDQ be at these points 
7.  If possible, can EES "pick" an alternate delivery point as our primary 
point of delivery for this project? 
I'll be in touch on Thursday.  Charlie and I have 3:00 Thursday afternoon set 
aside - will this work for you Mark?
Thanks,
Andrew
I just bought some more CPN.  CEFT has a great 5 yr chart and doesn't seem 
too expensive but I don't understand their business risks as much as CPN so 
I'm going to stick with them.  I may give it some more thought if I could 
find a good research report on them.
I think the ranch was owned by Jimmy Powell.  It was 20 miles west of Menard 
on Hwy 190.  A great area that's for sure.
Three deer have been killed on the ranch thatI know of so far:
1)  17", 10 point by Wayne Scroggins that grossed ~135 and is third largest 
ever on ranch.  Didn't weigh it but they estimate it was 140-150 lbs.
2) Mike Lehnert (Mickey's son ) killed an 17", 11 point with a double main 
beam, four brow tines, and a drop tine.
3) Travis shot a 16"  9 point that was pretty nice but had two broken points.
We've seen more bucks than we have since '93.  More fawns than I ever 
remember.  Maybe things have turned around for awhile.  I've got some good 
videos I'll show sometime.  When are ya'll coming?
Let me know when the money is there and we will buy something
Charlie,
Reports on CEFT
(See attached file: CEFT.pdf)          (See attached file: CEFTS&P.pdf)
(See attached file: InetFinSer.pdf)
- CEFT.pdf
- CEFTS&P.pdf
- InetFinSer.pdf
Files are located in Gas Structuring\LNG\Australia
I bought it at 41 and 42 ovver the last week and it's looking good.  I bought 
them based on industry, strategy, and PEG.  Check it out.
FYI - I created a folder for all Stagecoach files in 
...GasStructuring\Stagecoach 
Kristin,
I plan to attend as a greeter if needed.  Is there a reception on the 
Wednesday night prior to first-round interviews?
Thanks,
Charlie
You may consider linking to this regular column from your gopusa site.
I'm always ready to crap but if you want assistance pre-crap, then let me 
know..
One less competitor 
I'll let you know where you can go.  Probably pretty much anywhere in Buddy's 
or I might can arrange for you to sit in another area.  It won't be a problem 
but we will need to communicate.
Right now my friend Weldon is hunting in my blinds as he has not gotten a 
deer in 6 years and has paid my Dad ~$5000 over the period.  Paul is still 
hunting in there too and that's where Travis killed his deer 
Check out the following link on the weather  
Take the last three days with a grain of salt because those forecasts are 
automated and tend to spit out some garbage.  However, a true blue norther 
should be coming and don't be surprised if Dallas sees the teens next week 
with highs below freezing 
My cousin told me about chewing your ass out.  He was pretty embarassed as he 
is really a nice guy.
Sanjeev Khanna@
02/13/2001 03:25 PM
In the Birmingham Sunday Mercury (7th Jan 2001)
Worker Dead at Desk For 5 Days
Bosses of a publishing firm are trying to work out why no one noticed
that one of their employees had been sitting dead at his desk for FIVE
DAYS before anyone asked if he was feeling okay.
George Turklebaum, 51, who had been employed as a proof-reader at a New
York firm for 30 years, had a heart attack in the open-plan office he
shared with 23 other workers. He quietly passed away on Monday, but nobody
noticed until Saturday morning when an office cleaner asked why he was
still working during the weekend.
His boss Elliot Wachiaski said "George was always the first guy in
each morning and the last to leave at night, so no one found it unusual that
he was in the same position all that time and didn't say anything. He was
always absorbed in his work and kept much to himself."
A post mortem examination revealed that he had been dead for five days
after suffering a coronary. Ironically, George was proofreading
manuscripts of medical textbooks when he died.
Here's the link to the gas fundamentals site:
John,
Attached is the estimated notional bid for the 10-year term gas 
(9/2001-8/2011) delivered per your proposed project with National Fuel.
The bid as of Tuesday's closing prices comes to $4.63/MMBTU with the 
following assumptions:
1)  Per Goeff Storey, the basis spread is zero from the mid using the 
CGPR-Niagara curve.
2)  National Fuel will deliver the gas on the NFG system at Niagara.  The 
desired point per Storey would be on TCPL/Niagara system on the Canadian side 
of the border and hence a 5 cent discount has been applied for transport It is possible that it could be negotiated with NFG to deliver the gas on the 
TCPL/Niagara system.
3) Nymex bid is six cents off the mid for a ten year quote of this (small) 
size.
Let me know if you have any further questions.
Thanks,
Charlie
John,
Based on yesterday's (5/9/01) curves, and applying spreads from our previous 
quotes, the new updated notionl bid is $4.51/MMBTU.  Let me know if you need 
any more assistnace.
Thanks,
Charlie
Doug,
This note is just to confirm my voicemail message this morning  indicating 
that the charges for the Fuel Oil sample check for vanadium should be charged 
to Co# 0413, RC # 106230.  According to the spec sheet I have, the ASTM 
method for vanadium is D3605 and the units of measurement are ppm (wt).
Again, I appreciate your patience in this frustrating issue.
Charlie
We'll probably come down on the 21st.  If you are still there then maybe we 
can hook up and go out there together and laugh away the deer 
How does a January/February trip up to Grapevine sound?
Oh yeah, Melissa's pregnant.  Due first week in August.  It's early so we are 
being cautious but I figured you would want to know.
Congratualtions, Will!  May God bless you and your family.  She's a beautiful 
baby.
How is recruiting going?   Any idea where you think you will end up.  I'm 
sorry it did not work out at Enron.  I know that you will do well wherever 
you go.
Charlie
Up 8.5%!!!!, for now
Vince, 
Mr. Horn's request has been taken care of.  He has the data he wanted and 
knows how to call it up on his Bloomberg terminal in the future.
Charlie
Indeed.  If the weather models that run tonight confirm still are as 
intensely cold as today's and the present hint at another Arctic blast to 
directly at the East Coast next weekend continues then we could approach 
$10.  Pretty risky business here being short or long, eh?
A frozen precip event in the Deep South and Houston is not unlikely next 
week.
I saw it.   After our conversation, I did add some Citi and Wachovia and have 
since lost but I still think it's a good move.  Hopefully there will not be 
any more financial pre-announcements so the focus will quickly shift towards 
the future lower interest rate environment instead of the mediocre past.
I am now completely out Intel and did trim some other.  I'm pretty balanced 
now between financials, tech, drugs, energy, and consumer (WMT).
ENE closing at $72 
You ARE a professional
A  #1 ranking to really be proud of 
Thomas Hogan
Information Systems Programmer
Vonova Corporation
(512) 637-0028
NOTICE:    This communication may contain CONFIDENTIAL & PROPRIETARY
INFORMATION. If you are not the intended recipient, or believe that you 
have
re-transmit, disseminate or otherwise use the information. In addition,
please indicate to the sender that you have received this communication 
in
error and delete the copy you received. Thank you.
Just wanted everyone to know that Texas was voted #1 by Playboy magazine
for "Colleges with the Best Looking Girls". As if we needed affirmation
of this fact >
But, now, we have full-fledged proof to show the world where it's at.