In a speech on the Senate floor, Massachusetts
senator Ted Kennedy commented
that the loss of Florida's sizable elderly
population will free up billions
of dollars in social security funds.
"These are valuable funds which can now be
redirected toward national
defense. We can finally rebuild our demoralized,
weakened military," said
the Senator to roaring applause.
 >From her New York campaign headquarters, freshly
elected senator Hilary
Clinton echoes the sentiments of her future
colleagues on Capitol Hill,
calling Florida "a hurricane-addled hellhole full of
scheming Cuban
immigrants."
"Learn fucking English already, you banana boat
bums," Clinton added.
As a result of the Florida screw-up, the House and
Senate decreed a new
election will take place in early December. This
time, ballots in each state
will be tabulated by robots.
"It is clear that our human vote-counting system is
too inherently
flawed,"said Speaker of the House Dennis Hastert.
"The presence of these
new, superior robot mast - err, I mean - tabulators
will ensure 100%
accuracy."
"Remember," said Hastert, "every vote counts,
especially if it's counted by
robots."
Dynamiting will begin in Florida next Wednesday,
after which the state will
be completely geographically separated from the
United States.
"After that, they're on their own," said Hastert. "I
hope they sink.
Fuckers."
Share information about yourself, create your own public profile at
This message (including any attachments) contains confidential information
intended for a specific individual and purpose, and is protected by law.  If
you are not the intended recipient, you should delete this message and are
hereby notified that any disclosure, copying, or distribution of this
message, or the taking of any action based on it, is strictly prohibited.
Subject:? Florida to be removed from US 
 
WASHINGTON D.C. (AP/UPI) - Following an emergency meeting 
Tuesday morning, Congress 
unanimously voted to excise Florida from the United 
States of America. 
The move was a reaction to the confusion and 
irregularities in the state's 
voting numbers that have totally disrupted the 2000 
Presidential election. 
"This is the last straw," said Utah senator Orin 
Hatch. "First Elian 
Gonzales, now this >Several congressmen told reporters the decision has 
been a long time coming. 
"We're all pretty much sick of Florida," said 
representative Barney Frank. 
"They've been a constant embarrassment for too long 
now."? Added Frank, 
"They 
had Dan Marino for a while, but what have they done 
lately? Oh that's right, 
screw up our 
entire democracy. I forgot" 
 
In a speech on the Senate floor, Massachusetts 
senator Ted Kennedy commented 
that the loss of Florida's sizable elderly 
population will free up billions 
of dollars in social security funds. 
"These are valuable funds which can now be 
redirected toward national 
defense. We can finally rebuild our demoralized, 
weakened military," said 
the Senator to roaring applause. 
 >From her New York campaign headquarters, freshly 
elected senator Hilary 
Clinton echoes the sentiments of her future 
colleagues on Capitol Hill, 
calling Florida "a hurricane-addled hellhole full of 
scheming Cuban 
immigrants >"Learn fucking English already, you banana boat 
bums," Clinton added. 
As a result of the Florida screw-up, the House and 
Senate decreed a new 
election will take place in early December. This 
time, ballots in each state 
will be tabulated by robots. 
"It is clear that our human vote-counting system is 
too inherently 
flawed,"said Speaker of the House Dennis Hastert. 
"The presence of these 
new, superior robot mast - err, I mean - tabulators 
will ensure 100% 
accuracy >"Remember," said Hastert, "every vote counts, 
especially if it's counted by 
robots >Dynamiting will begin in Florida next Wednesday, 
after which the state will 
be completely geographically separated from the 
United States. 
"After that, they're on their own," said Hastert. "I 
hope they sink. 
Fuckers 
Share information about yourself, create your own public profile at 
This message (including any attachments) contains confidential information 
intended for a specific individual and purpose, and is protected by law.? If 
you are not the intended recipient, you should delete this message and are 
hereby notified that any disclosure, copying, or distribution of this 
message, or the taking of any action based on it, is strictly prohibited.
Charles H Otto
11/13/2000 01:03 PM
Chris Gaskill@
11/13/2000 12:35 PM
Marc Bir > 
Charles H Otto
11/13/2000 01:03 PM
Chris Gaskill@
11/13/2000 12:35 PM
Marc Bir > 
griese was great, but it looks like he will be out for awhile.  ian gold is a 
stud.
i might be up for that.  i might have to go to a super saturday dinner, but 
if not i will definately do this 
Charles H Otto
11/13/2000 01:03 PM
Chris Gaskill@
11/13/2000 12:35 PM
Marc Bir > 
Charles H Otto
11/13/2000 01:03 PM
Chris Gaskill@
11/13/2000 12:35 PM
Marc Bir > 
i love natural gas
i cannot make it tonight.  i have a customer dinner.
not that type of gas- i love the natty
pretty good.  who is going out sat night?
dean's is cool.  i went there thurs.  i went to prague not to long ago.  it 
was pretty cool, but not somewhere i would hang out every sat.  i didn't do 
anything this past weekend b/c i think that i am getting a cold.  if we don't 
do dinner sat night let's definately meet out somewhere.  we need to explore 
downtown some.  how is the new job?  are you working 100 hours/wk 
this is so funny
 
please send the deal number again.
Why Not receive Junk Mail
 The Phone Will  Ring Right After You Do This     > Just read the  little stories and make a wish.
 Scroll all the  way to the bottom and there is
 alittle
 message
 there -then
 do  it. No attachment on this one.
 I'm 13 years  old, and I wished that my dad would
 come
 home from  the army,
 because he'd  been having problems with his heart
 and
 right leg. It  was
 2:53 p.m.
 that  I'd made the wish. At 3:07 p.m. (14
 minutes
 later),  the
 doorbell rang,  and there he was,
 luggage and all!!
 Katie
 I'm 20 and I've  been having trouble in my job and
 on
 the verge of quitting.
 I made
 a simple  wish that my boss would get a new job.
 That was a  1:35
 and at
 2:55  there was
 an announcement that he was
 promoted.
 Lisa
 Believe me...  this really works!! Just scroll down
 to
 the end,  but while you do,  make a wish.
 Whatever age you are, is
 the number of  minutes it
 will take for  your wish to come true (ex.
 you are
 15 years old, it  will take 15 minutes for  your wish to come
 true). If you don't send this to people in 5  minutes, you
 will have
 bad luck for years!!
 Go                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               > STOP     > Congratulations     > Your wish
 will  now come true in your age minutes!!
 Now
 follow this  carefully.... it can be very
 rewarding!!!! If  you send this
 to 10 more people, other
 than the 5
 that youalready  have to send to,
 something major that you*ve been
 wanting will
 happpen
 __________________________________________________
 Do You Yahoo!?
 Thousands of
 Stores.  Millions of Products.  All in one Place.
no.  yours?
i am going to shreveport.  one of my buddies is getting married.  you?
Charles H Otto
11/13/2000 01:03 PM
Chris Gaskill@
11/13/2000 12:35 PM
Marc Bir > 
i want to stop by longview and meet the woman who won the truck
anyone up for woodys tonight
around 9.30
just me and you big guy 
we gonna get some bitches
no order there.  we will probably head over there around 9.30
i will have to remember those for when i go out next time.
i will give you a call later and we can meet up there or something.
do you still get worth magazine?  there is an article on enron and they use a 
photo from the gas trading floor.  you can see me in the photo.  i am at the 
top under the second flat screen on the right.  i am blurred so you can't 
really tell it is me.
we are going to hit woody's tonight if you are interested
i wish i could come up too, but i am going to head to that wedding.  i need 
to leave fri morning.  it is going to stay cold there until next week.  check 
out that article.  i haven't read it yet.  i will call this weekend b/c i 
will not be home tonight.
the one across from the pink pussycat.  hull and i are meeting there around 
9.30.  i think there should be a lot of folks there.  give me a call on my 
cell and we can meet up there.
9.30.  it is gonna be tha bomb
get in touch with me if you guys come in on saturday.  we are planning on 
going out downtown most likely.  you can call me on my cell at 713-8258410 or 
at home at 713-807-1699.  should be a good weekend to be here.  i think there 
is a lot going on.  email me back.
this is that hottie from fred's
Kbridge23@aol.com on 11/17/2000 07:11:25 AM
My roomate and I might be coming to Houston on Saturday!  Are ya'll going to
be busy?  We haven't decided yet if we're going to come, but if we do we will
have to get together.  Write back if ya'll aren't going to be too busy.  See
ya soon
Kayci
she is probably ugly
grandma-
nebraska sure got lucky.  cu choked at the end.  looks like lsu could end up 
playing nebraska in the cotton bowl.
did i spell disgusting wrong?  at least i didn't put it in a book for the 
world to see.  i have never had any of that stuff.
i went in and changed it 
i told her i was busy and don't call me.  i gave her my digits and told her 
to call.
and some oil
Jeff Coates@EES
11/17/2000 12:15 PM
C Kyle Griffin
11/17/2000 11:51 AM
This is a little weird, but nonetheless, funny.
Aneela Charania@ECT
11/17/2000 11:35 AM
- West Palm Beach voters. (1).doc
did you make it to woody's?  it was all poles and no holes when i was there we are going to hit kennelleys after work if you are up for it.
i didn't get your message until i got home.  we will probably head over there 
around 5 or earlier.  i will give you a call before we head out.
we will be there around 5
what is going on?  i figured that you wouldn't be coming to houston due to 
the weather on saturday.  just let me know if you want to come in and we can 
hit the town.  i won't be in houston over thanksgiving or the following 
weekend.  actually, the following weekend i will be in new orleans.  my 
brother is coming in town and we are staying at my family's place in the 
quarter.  talk to you soon.
matt
that was epic.  i was so pissed i almost left the sports bar where i was 
watching the game.  we need griese back.  you ready for new orleans?  should 
be fun.  when are you getting there and what day do you leave?
our defense is holding us back.  they make me sick.  if we had a defense like 
baltimore we would be superbowl favorites.  i will try to fly in on that 
friday.  i am going to take fri and mon off 
i got the message.  i didn't think you guys would make it.  i am going to new 
orleans to meet my brother and just go out.  we are just going to party in 
the french quarter.  my parents own a place down there so we have a free 
place to stay.  one of my friends is also having an engagement party that 
saturday that i have to go to.  if you guys want to party in new orleans give 
me a call b/c we will be down there from that fri through that monday.  i 
haven't gone out in the quarter in such a long time.  talk to you soon.
matt
hey-  chevys are nice, that is what i drive.  so tom came up to north dakota 
to steal your car and didn't even buy you guys dinner?  that kid has no 
class.  things are going well here.  i have been seeing some girl for awhile 
now.  other than that nothing is new.  enron is getting all its employees new 
computers so let me know what billie wants to do with the laptop that you 
guys gave me.  if you guys want it i can send it up, if not i will keep it 
still.  it is a very good cpu.  i think you guys should buy a new lincoln 
ls.  they are very nice cars and i don't think that they are too expensive has grandma set a date for our vacation this summer?  any time is really ok give me a call when you get a chance.  i will be home all weekend.
love matt
this doesn't have an attachment.  how about them seminoles!
i will be out of town for the game
i think i am going to fly in fri afternoon.  i am going to work in the 
morning and then leave.  call me here at work and i will give you the fax 
number.
i don't have that many roomates.  they just tell you that b/c you will 
believe anything.  did you call me last night?  if you did i will get back to 
you soon.  that is odd that your friend from la. is jewish.  you don't see 
that too often.  i will visit....sometime.  don't pressure me on that.
i will give you a call.  things are going nuts here right now.
after work there is a eol happy hour at the state bar.  hull said we could 
all go, so if you want in let me know.   i am heading there straight after 
work.
he's got room.  i will give you a call before i leave.
i am actually going to fly into new orleans next friday.  i arrive around 
6pm.  we can meet up at our place in the quarter when you guys want to come 
down.  i will try to give you a call next week.  i have to go to shreveport 
for thanksgiving.  one of my friends is getting married to a divorced lady 
with a kid.  the wedding should be fun except for the shreveport part.  i 
hate that place.  have a good time in lake chuck 
i got an email from that chick and she and her roomate want to meet us out we will be set up.
no thanks.  superbowl sunday is a big day for me.  i will go out this weekend 
so give me a call.
i got all our bills in.  i will write checks for all of them and you can just 
write me a check for your portion which is $138.38 
i have the tickets for them that go in the envelopes, but i don't  have 
copies.  our bills our higher b/c our electric bill was up $25.  but i didn't 
keep copies.
i don't think i have the detail.  i am not adding uneccessary charges to your 
phone bill.  i tallied it up as i always do 
i am up for it
you never used to check it.  i always threw it away after i tallied it.
those are fucking funny
anyone up for going out tonight?  let me know.
i don't think we will get killed.  we aren't as bad as we played this week actually i have tried sushi and those beans are good but i hate the sushi.
we are going to meet some sluts
ditto
i don't need another cpu.  the lap top that you guys gave me is very fast and 
i still use it all the time.  i will be home all weekend so give me a call 
when you get the chance.
did you get martha and billie's car?  did you give them something extra for 
hooking you up?  go to the web site www.adcritic.com and look at the fox 
sport commercials for the basketball promo.  there is one for the jazz, 
spurs, lakers and knicks.  they are hillarious.
did you see those commercials
they are so funny
I made a few changes from on the Socal forecast:
1.)  Put in the updated PV, NP, & SP power curves - now the generators are 
running at peak levels
2.) Increased Ehrenberg from 1.2 to 1.25
3.) Took off the weather adjustments when the new SP generation begins
The new forecast brings Socal storage to a max of 86 Bcf before Q3.  We can 
discuss this further on Monday.
Matt
did you guys play football yesterday
played paintball with people in risk.  it was a blast.  did you go out?  i 
had a date on fri but i didn't do shit on sat 
i hear you.  i was a nerd this weekend 
shirley.s.elliott@citicorp.com on 11/28/2000 12:32:55 PM
this is pretty funny.  when you want to try sushi, give me a call.  i'll tell
you all the good stuff to get and we'll try some soy beans.  they are so good
for you and taste good too!  they're a great snack -- tons of protein, very
little fat and carbs.  you spelled it "discusting."
s.
 say, man, you gotta joint..............it'd be a lot cooler if you
 did  - This message (including any attachments) contains confidential information
intended for a specific individual and purpose, and is protected by law If you are not the intended recipient, you should delete this message and
are hereby notified that any disclosure, copying, or distribution of this
message, or the taking of any action based on it, is strictly prohibited.
?
 say, man, you gotta joint..............it'd be a  lot cooler if you 
 did   - new_bongo_partners.jpg
my number is (713)807-1699
i cannot make this tonight
got plans with this girl who's bday is today
daddy has got to get laid
happy birthday.  is everyone there being nice to you today?  get a to go box 
of cake so i can eat some.  the website with the funny commercials is 
www.adcritic.com.  go to "syncronized slammin".  that is funny.  also check 
out the top 100 and look at "spoof- '88 aries" and "blind date".  let me know 
what you think.
it probably is coastal.  they merged not too long ago.
go to www.amihotornot.com.  this is funny.
you have got to get a computer that is out of the 80's to see the cool stuff 
i see
did they buy you guys new "used" computers?  when i got my car it was new to 
me even though it was used.  we are just a much more advanced company.
want to play liars?
my dad could beat up your dad
give me a call when you get a chance.  i got your message this morning.  i 
don't think i will get to austin for at least a few weeks so it would be best 
if you just mailed the check.
just send one check and i will write the check for all three.  i will try to 
get the detail sent today.
do this test and let me know your score
Bryan Hull
10/05/2000 01:28 PM
- CORRUPTI.EXE
- RFC-822.TXT
i don't know.  i only have 40 bucks.
wow!  i got a 15.
i will play.  i just need some booty from her.  i am working like a dog on 
it.
what are you saying?  that i am a skank?
i know people who want to play
i got an 89.  i am a good boy.
why would you think i would have a high score?
i am just a little puppy dog
we hav e a tee time sat at herman for 11:40.
11
?
? 
- MATT DRUDGE -- DRUDGE REPORT 2000c.url
?
? 
- MATT DRUDGE -- DRUDGE REPORT 2000c.url
hells yeah
you up for golf sat?
playing sat @ 11:30.  you want to play liars poker later?
what is your ext. i will call you
get the key for the extra slave quarter so some of the girls coming fri have 
a place to stay.
we will play around 5 or 530
is this safe to open b/c i don't have a private office
rank and yank
i would but i am going to ruggles with that girl.  let s hit it hard on sat 
after golf.
i got your message last night this morning.  i was already asleep when you 
called.  did you go out last night?  i thought you were drinking and dialing 
me.  just kidding.  i will pick you up at 8:30 tonight.
fuck fri.  go out sat.
mci is mailing the bill so i will fax it to you when i get it.  just send 
that check this weekend b/c i am going to send in the bills.  also think of  
a good weekend for us to go up and party in austin.  mid feb is probaly the 
best.
is this safe to  open.  i don't want anymore of your porn
for someone who isn't into their birthday you sure are stretching out this 
celebration.  it is about as long as mardi gras.  830 isn't too late for me i will be there with bells on.  when you become an adult, as i am, sometimes 
you get a little more tired.  and if you have to be at work at 7 am rather 
than 9 you get a little more tired.  where did your brother take you?
did you bring money
hopefully some can stay with us in the nice place and if any of them are ugly 
they can stay in the other place.
i don't get it
i gots to get PAAIID
i get it
what are you doing this weekend?
it is probably the second or third most important day of the year behind 
jesus's birthday and maybe superbowl sunday.  i had to throw a football 
reference in there.   my bad, 830 is a lot earlier than 9.  i think it is 
still dark at that hour.  well i would love to continue this fascinating 
dicussion but i need to get ready to play liar's poker.  i need to win some 
money so we don't have to wash dishes after we eat tonight.  see you at 830.
what are you writing thank you notes for?
i am sorry to hear that.  i had no idea.  i knew you told me he was ill.  are 
you ok?
i didn't know shirley's father died 
if you ever need to talk just give me a call.  i can't imagine it would ever 
be easy even if you were expecting it.
www.adcritic.com.  go to syncronized slammin then check out coppertone burn, 
artificial butter, can of picante.  those are on the right of the first 
commercial.  then go to top 100 and see number 17, and blind date.
there is more than enough room.  there is parking just in the street 
somewhere.  you might be able to get rock star parking in the front of the 
place.  if not, just find some place out on the street.  no camo or bright 
orange and dont make duck calls all night.  i will be there at 6pm.  should 
be a good weekend.  see you soon.
matt
patty sullivan gets the numbers each day.  i think her report is out on the 
web each day.  check with her and you can get the numbers each day.
are you a superfan of football after that game?  that game was brutal.  i 
think you birthday was more important than yesterday.  how was your party?
oh yeah- i forgot we covered that the other night.  there is no question 
about your birthday and the superbowl unless denver plays.  i went to a 
buddy's house to watch the game and left at halftime b/c i had no interest in 
the game.  your favorite band was on at halftime.  i know you were excited 
about that.  so why don't you come over this week and watch 9 1/2 weeks 
damn baby chill!   did you wake up on the wrong side of the bed this 
morning?  9 1/2 weeks isn't a dirty movie, it's a classic.  you will see.  so 
why don't you come over tomorrow.  but don't come too late b/c i can't stay 
up that long.  did you cry tears of joy when nsync was on?  i couldn't have 
made it in that band b/c i am too rugged.  those guys are little sallys.
how can you call those nerds beautiful.  the guy with the beard and the one 
with the dreadlocks are eye sores.  and those litte mos aren't more rugged 
than me.  i could kick all their asses.  anyway, why don't you come over 
between 7 and 8.  that will give me time to work out for the 8th time of the 
day tomorrow.
i owe you some money huh.  i forgot.  just send me you address again and i 
will mail the check tomorrow.
i was thinking about that earlier.  i could have used the money.  i couldn't 
even stay for the second half.  i ate all that papa john's and my stomach 
almost exploded.  i will play you one hand of liars for it.
come on shooter
is the one with the curly hair the one that supposedly dates britney?  there 
is no way she would go out with a geek like that.  you can come over 
whenever.   you wont ruin my workout routine.
try this.  it is pretty cool to see your baby pic.
?
This is great, you can actually view pictures taken  of you at birth. 
Just click on the web site and follow the directions ?
? 
? 
? 
- Evelyn.D.Henninger.vcf
nice stride by
i'll do curls for the girls
you're cocky
Matthew Lenhart
08/02/2000 03:53 PM
- FingerPig.avi
tell slim pickins i sent his check today
if that's what you call it
is your sister-in-law melissa richardson?
she is taking two guys i work with to the game tonight
i think so.  one of the guys seems to know her.
paul lucci.  he is the old guy i hang out with sometimes.
like 35 or something
go to aimr.com
no.  he is divorced though.  the other guy going is the one from a&m i told 
you about.  the old guy is hilarious.  he is the funniest person i know.
by the way, i never said anyone cheated
no.  i just don't want your sister in law telling these guys that i said 
that.  could ruin my rep.  you coming over at 730?
did you not go out sat 
you guys still suck
you guys suck
we went to tim's but it was pretty lame.  i felt like crap.  i am glad i 
didn't make that party, but i heard susan was russian dancing again.
i bet you are dying to see this movie
you got to be 100% to go out
you know i can't leave early and skip my workout.  how am i gonna stay such a 
stud if i stop working out?  plus, i am having a fat day b/c i only worked 
out once yesterday 
i cannot go tues night 
never heard it but i like the sound of it.  this weekend i am going to new 
orleans and my brother is meeting me down there 
are you tired?  will you do me a favor and at noon think of me touching you?
can't make it
a new site for lsu i heard about.  it might not be new to you, but if it is 
it is the most complete lsu recruiting page.
i was tired, but don't worry i still had a good work out.  my legs are 
looking great.  you coming over again tonight?
did you ask that girl out?  if not go ahead and ask her out and we will make 
plans.  we can take them for margaritas then to galant night.
this is pretty cool.  see if you can find your picture.
?
This is great, you can actually view pictures taken  of you at birth. 
Just click on the web site and follow the directions ?
? 
? 
? 
- Evelyn.D.Henninger.vcf
your sister in law was looking out for you last night by asking all these 
questions about me.
that website is funny.  it just returns a picture of a baboon.  i totally 
forgot grandma's and tom's birthday.  i will call her tonight 
i called her again and left a message.  i might need to go through someone 
else.
i need your ssn# for this form
Ben.F.Jacoby@@ on 10/12/2000 07:29:24 AM
Sent by: Shelby.Malkemes@
Dear Phillip Allen and Matthew Lenhart:
As you know, I am Matthew Lenhart's PRC representative. As such, I would
like to meet with each of you (separately or together) to discuss the year
end PRC process, and Matthew Lenhart's activities during the second half of
the year. It is extremely important that we meet prior to year end so that
I can make sure I can adequately represent  your interests in the PRC.
Therefore, at your convenience, please contact my assistant, Shelby
Malkemes (x3-9842) to set up a time for us to get together. My guess is
that 45 minutes is probably sufficient, and we can arrange a follow up if
needed.
If you need to contact me directly before our meeting, I can be reached at
x3-6173.
,
Ben
Mr. Jacoby-
I wanted to see if we could set up a time to meet next week concerning my PRC 
review.  Let me know what your schedule looks like and we will try to meet 
when it is convenient 
Matt Lenhart
she was just asking what i do at enron and if i am nice or an asshole.  she 
is just looking out for you.  hopefully these guys didn't bury me to bad you know you loved that movie so don't pretend that you didn't.  it sounded 
like it was the 7th or 8th time you saw it.
hey grandma-
sorry i didn't call you on your birthday.  i hope you had a good one.  what 
else is going on?  i have just been working and hanging out with this girl i will call soon.  dad said we have our reservations for the family vacation 
this summer.  i will call you tonight or tomorrow.
love matt
i am heading to new orleans this weekend to do some partying.  no uropa, just 
sluts in the quarter 
happy belated birthday.  sorry i didn't give you a call.  what all did you 
get?  i will try to call you  tonight or something 
i don't want to know about you and any other guys.  i don't need to think 
about that kind of bad stuff.  those guys just told her i was money.
you spoke with your sister?  what did they say 
things are going well here.  nothing much is new in houston.  my life just 
seems to be work.  actually it is a lot of fun here.  mitch, val, and tim are 
here so we golf and go out a lot.  what are you doing at your new job?  did 
you change into a new field or just jump companies.  is natalie working shoot me back an email when you get a chance.
matt
she will say that i am so money
they didn't say i was the coolest person they know at work?
i doubt that.  give me a call later.
did you go and sign up on that website?  there are a lot of people from our 
class on there.  what is going on?  how is san francisco?  can you pay your 
gas bill.  i trade energy in that area.  how is the nightlife?  are you 
dating at all?  life here is hectic.  i have just been working and going 
out.  when are you going home again?  i don't know when i will get back 
there, but i wish i was going back to ski.  shoot me an email when you get a 
chance.
let me know when you want to play liars.  next time i won't be as tardy.  i 
usually pay up quick.  glad you got your money.
where did you go last night?  is wednesday a happening night in denver?  did 
you pick up any talent?
i remember you.  you're not that old.  i am mature.
go to www.dandydan.com  or dandydon.  it is the most comprehensive lsu 
football recruiting site there is.
did you ask that ckick out for sat or not
let's do our bet tomorrow night.  i will give you 2 strokes.
i don't know.  what are you doing tonight?  call me later b/c i need to go 
film something for enron.  i am a movie star.
how is everything going?  what are you and al doing this weekend?  that is 
pretty funny.  i am glad you didn't put me in to the pic.
yes.  you need to come over more.
you need to b/c i can't have too many days like today.  you ready for an ass 
kicking like you've never had?  brink a jacket b/c i don't want to hear you 
complaining on the golf course. 
i won't be in a bad mood.  i will be excited to see you .
around 7:30
i never see sammy.  i ran into him on a thursday night about 2 months ago, 
but i have not seen him since.  the girl situation is good.  i have just been 
dating this girl from texas a&m, but she is not a die hard a&m freak so it is 
cool.  do you hang out with bert?  i can't believe he is getting married talk to you soon.
i bet you could teach me something huh?
i don't think you are really good.  i think a little luck fell into your 
lap.  any time you want a shot at the title let me know.  i will leave work 
right now to go kick your ass at that game.
somebody posted a 2000 bmw for sale on the enron message board for $30k.   i 
think you should get it.
how much longer are you president of the board of realtors?  did you hear 
about aunt martha?  she is pretty sick.  she was in i.c., but i think that 
she is doing much better.
i might travel the country looking for games
told you she would get back to you today
did you ever send that check
i will give you a shot at the title when you get back
golf sat at longwood.  micha got a tee time and needs three people.  let me 
know if you are in today.
$65
in or out?
your so money.  you won't have any problems.  you should have hit sierra last 
wednes- it was loaded.
do you want to play golf sat afternoon at longwood?  i will get a tee time 
late in the afternoon so we can party on friday.  let me know when you get 
this.
i think i am going to go on fri night.  i can only take that atmosphere for 
about one night.  when are you going?
i haven't been up to much.  what about you?  are you going to the rodeo thing 
this weekend?  i think i am going to head out there on fri.    let me know 
when you want to go get a drink.
i need to get some tickets too.  there are a lot of people heading there on 
fri so we can all meet up some where.  we can figure it out towards the end 
of the week.
lets meet up at the rodeo.  i know enron has a booth and one of my buddies is 
bartending so we can get free drinks.  you can drink your cpa sorrows away 
fri.  it should be fun there.  i will get in touch with you on thurs or 
something to let you know what is going on.
you in for the rodeo on fri night
it is gonna be the bomb dog.  i will try to get you and celeste a ticket
friday at the rodeo and sat who knows
i think they are here in a couple of weeks
what are you doing?  are you coming to hang out tonight?  i need some good 
luck.
d-i-r-t-y
no it was a good day.  i was nervous at lunch but i hadn't looked at all the 
info.  where did you go run errands at? the galleria?
did you get me a card or something there?
let's go ms jackson
i forgot.  i even put it out
what time is the game
i will be home by 6.  come pick up the jersey early so you can get your ass 
kicked at madden.
we have a tee time for noon on sat at longwood.
i have seen you play and i don't need to worry about shit
is this porn
Due to the high number of attacks on women in secluded parking lots the
city of Melbourne, Australia opened the world's first all female parking lot.
Even the attendants and security staff working the lot are all female in
a further effort to create a comfortable and safe atmosphere.
Attached is a picture of this one and only parking lot.
- Carpark.jpg
no
Due to the high number of attacks on women in secluded parking lots the
city of Melbourne, Australia opened the world's first all female parking lot.
Even the attendants and security staff working the lot are all female in
a further effort to create a comfortable and safe atmosphere.
Attached is a picture of this one and only parking lot.
- Carpark.jpg
you didn't think that was funny chief?
that sister comment was gross.  i didn't have a good day yesterday, but you 
can come over again tonight and try to give me some good luck for tomorrow i am net up for the two times you have stayed over so i think we should keep 
it up.  did you watch your favorite show last night 
i got extra tickets to the bbq.  i say we start drinking around 6.
bet
micha will pick us up at my place saturday @ 10:30am.   it is a long drive 
out there.
what is going on in denver?  are you and max finishing the details on your 
wedding plans?  i need to get everyone's email who is going to attend the 
bachelor party if you have them.  let me know if you have them and how 
everything is going.
what is going on?  how are things in denver?  have you and max finished 
planning your wedding?  i need to know if you have everyone's email address 
that will be attending the bachelor party.  i have got to get the plans for 
the party together.  don't worry about it though b/c it will be clean fun let me know if you have them and how everything is going.
matt
what kind of inside info?
okay i will answer your questions.  i made more money the first time you 
stayed over than i lost the second time you stayed over so i am net up.  here 
is a simple equation to explain:   2x -1x = x.    x is still positive.    i 
watched the show and i can't believe that i am that in to it.  so what are 
your rumors?  you have to tell now.
enron has been a piece.  looks like every company that deals in broadband is 
getting killed.  it is like they forgot we also do energy.
we will be there for about 1/2 hour to 45 min before tee off.
these videos are pretty good.  i saw the texas video the last two years.
go to www.mrfebruary.com.  i am not sure what it means, but i think that is 
the nickname for mack brown "mr. february".
it is such a sleazy show though.  and it is cheesy.  i am not cheesy, but i 
do enjoy it.   i thought you had some good rumors.  the equation was 
helpful?  sometimes it is easier to understand if you see the numbers.  come 
over tonight around 730ish or after friends since you don't want to miss that 
show 
this is kind of gross, but it is real funny.  i don't think this is your type 
of humor, but girls here at work thought that it was funny so hopefully you 
will too.
Matthew Lenhart
08/25/2000 09:42 AM
Shirley Elliott  > I've got game....'Ole!