Outlook Migration Team@
05/11/2001 01:49 PM
Current Notes User:=20
To ensure that you experience a successful migration from Notes to Outlook, it is necessary to gather individual user information prior to your date of migration.  Please take a few minutes to completely fill out the following survey. Double Click on document to put it in "Edit" mode. When you finish, simply click on the 'Reply With History' button then hit 'Send'  Your survey will automatically be sent to the Outlook 2000 Migration Mailbox.
Thank you.
Outlook 2000 Migration Team
Full Name:        Phillip Allen=09=09
Login ID:  =09pallen
Extension:  =0937041
Office Location:  EB3210C
What type of computer do you have?  (Desktop,  Laptop,  Both)  =09Both
Do you have a PDA?  If yes, what type do you have:   (None, IPAQ, Palm Pilot, Jornada)  IPAQ
Do you have permission to access anyone's Email/Calendar?  =09
If yes, who? =20
Does anyone have permission to access your Email/Calendar?  =09Yes, Ina Rangel
If yes, who? =20
Are you responsible for updating anyone else's address book?  =09
If yes, who? =20
Is anyone else responsible for updating your address book? =20
If yes, who? =20
Do you have access to a shared calendar? =20
If yes, which shared calendar? =20
Do you have any Distribution Groups that Messaging maintains for you (for mass mailings)? =20
If yes, please list here: =20
Please list all Notes databases applications that you currently use: =20
In our efforts to plan the exact date/time of your migration, we also will need to know:
Will you be out of the office in the near future for vacation, leave, etc?
If so, when?        From (MM/DD/YY):      To (MM/DD/YY):     =20
Andy,
I don't know what your need for brokerage services are, but Scott is nice enough as far as brokers go.  Personally, I am extremely pleased with the transition to online platforms and find that I can get 90%+ of my business done online.  If you have a need for brokers, Scott is a good choice.
Phillip
Hi guys,
We met last February when I was over in Houston and you kindly gave me some pointers as to how we in the UK can apply your experiences to the UK market.
I have had a call from Scott at Amerex saying he is moving to London to set up here.
He has said you would recommend him with a view to working our numbers here in Europe.
Would you be able to comment favourably or otherwise when you get a minute?
Many thanks
Andy
OPEN MEETINGS FOR NOVEMBER 2001
The Capitol Connection is pleased to announce that it will broadcast the
Federal Energy Regulatory Commission Open Meetings on:
Wednesday, Nov. 7, 2001, 10:00 am ET
Tuesday, Nov. 20, 2001, 10:00 am ET
Meeting dates and times are subject to change without notice. For current
information, you can go to our website at www.capitolconnection.org <  for a
link to the FERC's page or you can go to the FERC's web page at
www.ferc.fed.us <  The FERC Office of the Secretary can be reached at
202.208.0400.
SPECIAL MEETINGS FOR NOVEMBER 2001
The Capitol Connection is pleased to announce that it will broadcast (via
the internet and telephone) the following Federal Energy Regulatory
Commission Special Meeting:
Friday, November 2, 9.00 a.m. - 4:00 p.m. PST (12:00 noon - 7:00 p.m. EST)
Topic:  Western Region's Energy Infrastructure and related matters.  This
conference is being held at the WestCoast Grand Hotel in Seattle,
Washington.  For the contract for this meeting, please go to our website at
www.capitolconnection.org 
If you have an annual subscription to the Capitol Connection internet
service, these meetings are included in the annual fee.  Please contact us
if you are interested in signing up for either of these meetings or want to
get an annual subscription to our internet service.
The Capitol Connection offers FERC meetings live via the Internet, as well
as via phone bridge, and satellite, please visit our website at
www.capitolconnection.org  information. If there is a meeting you are interested in receiving, please
call 703-993-3100.
Sincerely,
David Reininger
Renee,
I wrote "check" as the method of distribution on the form I dropped off last Thursday.  I thought it would be more likely for the distribution to be made off-cycle However, if the distribution could be made on-cycle I would prefer direct deposit.  Is this email sufficient notice or do I need to do something else?
Thank you,
Phillip Allen
Carlos,
I faxed you a copy of the contract to sell the property in Leander.  The title company is Chicago Title Company in Austin.  Their address is 1501 S Mopac, Suite 130, Austin, TX 78746.  Wendy Butters is the contact person.  Her number is (512)480-8353.
Phillip
Jacques,
Thanks for pulling together the copies of the organization documents.  Have you had a chance to gather the title work?
Call or email when you get a chance.
Phillip
Renee,
Thank you for digging in to the issue of Deferred Phantom Stock Units.  It is clear that the payment will be made in shares.  However, I still don't understand which date will be used to determine the value and calculate how many shares.  The plan document under VII.  Amount of Benefit Payments reads "The value of the shares, and resulting payment amount will be based on the closing price of Enron Corp. common stock on the January 1 before the date of payment, and such payment shall be made in shares of Enron Corp. common stock."  Can you help me interpret this statement and work through the numbers on my account.
Thank you,
Phillip Allen
Richard,
I checked with Wink and his prices were slightly lower per square foot but the builder was not keen on the panels Wink is selling because the dimensional lumber to frame windows and doors is not included.  So that reduces some of the savings.  Either way it still appears that a panel home will cost close to $20,000 more for a 4000 sq ft home.  Even if I assume my energy savings will be $125/month, it would take approximately 22 years to recover the upfront cost assuming a 5% interest rate 
Cost is a major concern, but I am also concerned with the comfort level of the upstairs.  I am under the impression that the panels will prevent the upstairs from feeling significantly hotter than the downstairs as most two story homes do.  What are some other alternatives that would also be effective?  Radiant barrier?  More attic ventilation 
Thank you for your help.
Phillip Allen
713-853-7041
Phillip, there are a number of alternative systems that will allow the same
level of energy efficiency. I would wait a bit for Wink's bid though. You
say that your panel costs are $20,000 additional. that sounds like a lot. I
just did a panel house with a 2100 sq ft footprint and the total panel cost
was about $25,000 with 8 inch walls and 10 inch roof. Stay in touch and we
can discuss alternatives if that becomes necessary. If your budget is $85-90
per sq. ft.  excluding land costs your costs will be on the low end of the
true custom home level but should be achievable with good management.
Richard Morgan
Manager, Green Building Program
Austin Energy
721 Barton Springs Rd.
Austin, TX 78704-1194
Ph. 512.505.3709
Fax 512.505.3711
e-mail richard.morgan@austinenergy.com
Richard,
I spoke to you earlier this week with questions about building with
SIP's.  I am planning to build a home in San Marcos as soon as I can
decide on a builder and materials.  I already have my blueprints
completed.  What I took from our conversation  was to use the SIP's with
8.5" roof panels and use a metal roof.
I have been working with Johnnie Brown, a builder from San Antonio that
is also a Creative Panel rep.  The problem is that I have a budget of
$85-$90/sf and it does not appear that he will be able to stay within
that budget.  I don't want to settle for a conventional stick built
house.  I was wondering about alternatives.  Would some combination of a
radiant barrier and non-CFC spray insulation provide close to the same
energy savings at a lower cost than SIP's. For example, I just spoke to
a sales rep for Demilec.  He will spray foam insulation at $1.30/sf.
That would be approximately $10,000 compared to over $20,000 additional
costs for the panels.  But would the foam insulation be as effective?
Do you have any suggestions of materials or contractors that would help
me construct the best home for the money.  I am trying to get a bid from
Wink with Premier based on you reference.
Thank you for your help.
Phillip Allen
pallen@
713-853-7041
Jerry,
I had a couple of questions about the exchange.
1.	Can I place the replacement property into a limited partnership?
2.	The cash to be escrowed is approx. $650K.  At money market rates of 3.5% the interest in six months would be over $10K.  Will the funds be held in an interest bearing account and will I receive the interest?
3.	Should I fed ex all these documents to the title company?
Thank you,
Phillip
Mr. Allen:
Would you please sign the exchanges documents where indicated and fax back  to us only the signed pages.  Wendy Butters will have the buyer sign her  set of documents for the closing.
Our fax # is 830-625-1031
Jerry Caskey
Lone Star Exchange Company
- 1031.gif   - Phase 1.pdf  
Bob,
Let me know how I can help with the variance application.
Phillip
Phillip,
It is looking like we will have to apply for a variance due to a set back
requirement when building over 10 feet tall.  Normal set back is 10 feet.
For every 3 ft higher you go, another 5 feet is added to the set back.  The
garage would be about 20 ft so we'd normally need to be back about 25 ft.
Currently, it's 13 feet.
I'm going to look into what's involved in getting on the agenda for a
variance.  I'll let you know what I find out.
Thanks,
Bob Huntley
 Bob,