________________________________________________________________
GET INTERNET ACCESS FROM JUNO!
Juno offers FREE or PREMIUM Internet access for less!
Join Juno today!  For your FREE software, visit:
Jeff,
I can't sleep and have been cleaning out emails.  Not my favorite past time 
at 2:30am.  I didn't see the draft reorg memo we've been talking about for a 
while.  Please send it to me for my review.  I think it is important to get 
something out and i believe that people expect some changes
Thanks, m.
I couldn't sleep so ive been doing emails, its looking a little better.  And 
I didn't get up in the middle of the night and come into the office.  I think 
I'll try again and can still get a few hours sleep 
I will be in a little later than I expected, I must drop young Michael off to 
school and cant leave there until 8.
See you in the morning.
Sleepy
John, 
You caught me.  I've been hit again with the bug, the 3rd time in November, 
and the combination of drugs has me wide awake.  I did promise Chris that I 
wouldn't run off to the office when this occurs but she didn't tell me I 
couldn't do a lot of emails from home! - there is always a catch!
Actually I'm back to bed to try again after this one 
Hope all is well in merry old England.
Cheers,
Mike
John Sherriff
11/30/2000 01:56 AM
Thanks Mike - are you up in the middle of the night again?
John
Mike McConnell
30/11/2000 07:39
John, I'm in.  She was outstanding.  If you don't want her, I'll take her!
I have a PRC conflict during the next execom meeting.  If i'm not there 
please feel free to pass on my strong support.
Cheers,
Mike
Guys,
I had an interview with a reporter from the Economist yesterday.  He is doing 
a big story on business changes, online changes, Jeff Skilling and Enron. 
Coal came up a lot and i described my enthusiasm for our coal business and 
our growth.  He wants to put some focus on the coal business and i need some 
facts to get back to him.
What percentage of our coal transactions or business is online?
Speed changes on a typical transaction post and pre online?
Other changes you see or products to develop
International effects
Total coal moved (physical and financial) especially online
Other competing exchanges and why ours is better
Other proEnron facts that illustrate our growing business especially as it 
relates to paradigm changes or online changes
Please feed me this info and if there is something specific that you don't 
want me to say let me know that too but go ahead and give me the answer.  I 
need this information pretty quickly.
Thanks,
m
Thanks for the email and kind words 
I did recover over thanksgiving and it was nice but I am sick once again and 
cant' sleep.  I am catchin up on this emai at 2:15 wednesday night.  I will 
try and go back to bed after this email 
Let me know how the contract goes, i don't see any issues.  I actually 
thought it got done and that is why i havent heard anything.
Sooners have looked ugly lately, Saturday will not be a good day for the 
Sooners.
Mike
Mike,
Per our conversation at the Mgmt. Conf. thank you for everything you have 
done for the group and for me. 
I hope you have regained your voice and that the McConnell family has a great 
Thanksgiving holiday. 
Congrats on your JDF efforts. You should be very proud of your fundraising 
for such a worthy cause.
After your Sooners beat KSU again are you going to the Orange Bowl?
I am planning to meet with Shankman next week to discuss my contract or lack 
there of. It seems to have been on the back burner for the last two months. 
Happy Holidays,
Doug
Thor, 
Very creative and i bet everyone had fun.  We need to try it over here.  I 
bet it would go over here as well.  Thanks for sharing the story.
mike
Thor Lien
11/24/2000 01:22 AM
As discussed with Mark, I have set up a summary of what we did to get people 
interested in weather trading at the Marketing event that we had here in Oslo.
Background:
First we wanted to do something new that would promote Enron positively. 
(There are a lot of conferences with happenings for power traders)
Most of the participants were traders or very interested in trading.
Could we do any deals that evening? We invited them because they should start 
doing deals with Enron.
Several of the companies attending needed to change their risk policy to do 
weather deals.
Lottery:
We made a lottery that was similar to a weather deal. But we made the option 
premium to 15,-  Nok and max payment if the option stroked to 100,- NOK. Our 
counterparties should not loose a lot of money, so they paid the premium 
upfront and they was not allowed to sell any options. 
The counter parties, that were the traders and not the companies, did their 
first weather deals with Enron.  It was important that the traders could go 
short or long or both. (Buy both put and call, for the traders that was 
afraid of their possitions) Some bought 10 contracts and they really felt 
that they traded weather deals. 
The most positive in my opinion was that over 20 companies have traders that 
have done weather deals already.
Enclosed
Lottery weather contract
Deal/Guest list
Thanks.
m
Unknown to me.   m
approved
I glanced at it and it appears fine from my perspective.  Others should make 
the determination on its effects in the Spanish and European markets.
mike mcconnell
John, I'm in.  She was outstanding.  If you don't want her, I'll take her!
I have a PRC conflict during the next execom meeting.  If i'm not there 
please feel free to pass on my strong support.
Cheers,
Mike
What do you think?  Is this worth my or someone else's time?
m
June 10, 11 ,12 the Canadian Energy Research Institute will host a 
petrochemical industry conference in a mountain resort 60 miles from Calgary. 
Our steering committee (Dow Nova, Williams, Shell chemicals, Canadian Pacific 
Railway, BP) has suggested that we ask you to address delegates on Enron's 
leadership role in e-business. I am making initial contact to explore this 
possibility, and to ask if is possible for you to recommend an alternative 
person within Enron, as I have lately learned you have changed positions. 
This is a high level conference for industry decision makers, which will give 
you an idea for this presentation: not necessarily the IT approach, more of a 
business strategy approach. I look forward to hearing from? you.
April Wright 
Thanks for the article.  I love to read things like this.
mike
Rebecca, 
Attached, for your information, is a copy of EGM's 2001 plan.  I don't 
remember if i sent you a copy earlier.
mike
I sent this to all the guys and forgot to include you on the distribution.
m
Manuel Gallego@_DEVELOPMENT
05/23/2001 08:21 AM
Dear Mike,
Thank you for taking the time to meet with me this afternoon in spite of your 
busy schedule.  Your encouragement is appreciated, especially in light of the 
uncertainties resulting from the substantial shift in Enron's business 
paradigm.  I look forward to communicating with the individuals you 
suggested--in particular, Randy Maffett, Per Seska, Mark Tawney, and Eric 
Gonzales.
As you requested, attached below is my resume.
,
Manuel
Jeff, here is the 2001 plan.  Sorry, I did send it to Dave D. , John S. and 
you but I must have blown your address somehow.  Dave and John got theirs.
Mike
Approved.
LeRea Pharr
11/28/2000 12:56 PM
Sent by: Messaging Agent
Your approval is required for Cathy Phillips to attend the following class.
To grant approval, send a reply to "lpharr@" (NotesMail: LeRea 
Pharr/HOU/ECT@ECT).
Be sure to include employee's name and class number in reply.
XMS (Expense Management System)  For New Users
Session Dates & Times: 
12/11/2000  1:00:00 PM-4:00:00 PM
Location: EB564
No Show/Participant Fee: $ 0.00
If you have any questions, please call the Technology Training Coordinator at 
713-853-1816.
Assistants - Please remove this brief note and then forward this message from=20
Mike McConnell to everyone in your group today.  Thank you.
Effective December 15, 2000 Enron Global Markets US employees will begin=20
using XMS (Expense Management System) to process employee expense=20
reimbursements. =20
XMS is a web based employee expense reimbursement system which will provide=20
the following benefits;
 More timely reimbursements to employees
 User friendly Web access
 Ability for employee or designated administrative assistant to submit=20
expense reimbursement
 Greater efficiency and lower cost
This system will replace our current manual expense reimbursement process. =20
All employee expense reimbursements for EGM domestic employees submitted=20
after December 15, 2000 should be done via XMS.  Non US based EGM employees=20
should continue to utilize the same expense reimbursement process that=20
currently exists.
Following are details regarding system access, training & support:
SYSTEM WEB ADDRESS
Expense Management System (XMS) can be accessed from your web browser by=20
typing in the address field   =20
LOGON ID:
Your ID is your eHRonline ID (begins with the letter "P").  =20
PASSWORD
The password for all is upper case ENRON.  The system will guide you through=20
confirming your information and changing your password.  The Enron Code of=20
Ethics prohibits the sharing of passwords and logging on as another person. =20
Please observe Enron=01,s policy.  If you forget your password or have trouble=20
logging in, call the Resolution Center at 713-853-1411.
TRAINING
From the Enron Home Page (home.enron.com) go to the IT Central Web Page,=20
select Services>Training>Enrollment>XMS.
If you have questions, call the training department at 713-853-1816.
DOCUMENTATION
Step by Step documentation is also available from IT Central web page; select=20
Services>Training>Documentation>XMS.
APPLICATION SUPPORT SERVICES
For questions about how to use the system, call the SAP/XMS help desk at=20
713-345-4SAP.
Speaking of great to be back... we are heading to Kansas City on Saturday.
If O.U. plays in the National Title game we are going to try to go.  Any
interest? I can probably come up with some tickets.
Spring Break for us is also the 12th - 16th.  We have not made any other
plans.  Lets ski in Telluride.
Continental fly's direct from Houston to Montrose, but the flights book
pretty early.  I just checked and there are two flights per day and seats
are available. Let me know if you need help with your travel plans.  We will
go up on Friday the 9th and return on Sunday the 18th so whatever schedule
you can make is great.  We will have you picked up at the airport, no
problem.
Jonny
Pelt,
Howdy from Houston.  I hope you had a great Thanksgiving.  I took the week
off and it was what i needed.  I have been working at a hectic pace and was
on my annual sick rotation, although a little earlier than normal.  I
needed the break.  My international traveling is over for the year, thank
God.
Chris and i were talking about life and vacations and spring break came up.
I thought i would send you our information and see if our breaks
co-ordinated and to see if we still wanted to try and get together to go
skiing.  We didn't know if you made other plans or moved on since our last
discussion a while ago.  Our spring break is March 12-16th .
Please let give an update via email when you get a chance.  I figured that
you are in Telluride right now on holiday.
Give my love to all.
Mike
PS - How about those Sooners!  OU/TX wasn't a fluke. Hard to believe, we'll
see what will happen with K State and bowls.  No matter, its been a fun
year.  It is nice to be back.
Howdy,
Kansas City will be great.  Thanks for the invite but I can't go.  I pray 
that the Nebr. Sooners show up,  not the Sooners of the last 3 weeks.  We 
really look awful.  Early peak?
That's great news for spring break.  Let me talk to the boss and let her know 
that is still and option and see if it still works.
Thanks,
Mike
Go Sooners.  Shame about Hipel, he has thrown away his Heisman over the last 
couple of weeks.  Do you agree?
Speaking of great to be back... we are heading to Kansas City on Saturday.
If O.U. plays in the National Title game we are going to try to go.  Any
interest? I can probably come up with some tickets.
Spring Break for us is also the 12th - 16th.  We have not made any other
plans.  Lets ski in Telluride.
Continental fly's direct from Houston to Montrose, but the flights book
pretty early.  I just checked and there are two flights per day and seats
are available. Let me know if you need help with your travel plans.  We will
go up on Friday the 9th and return on Sunday the 18th so whatever schedule
you can make is great.  We will have you picked up at the airport, no
problem.
Jonny
Pelt,
Howdy from Houston.  I hope you had a great Thanksgiving.  I took the week
off and it was what i needed.  I have been working at a hectic pace and was
on my annual sick rotation, although a little earlier than normal.  I
needed the break.  My international traveling is over for the year, thank
God.
Chris and i were talking about life and vacations and spring break came up.
I thought i would send you our information and see if our breaks
co-ordinated and to see if we still wanted to try and get together to go
skiing.  We didn't know if you made other plans or moved on since our last
discussion a while ago.  Our spring break is March 12-16th .
Please let give an update via email when you get a chance.  I figured that
you are in Telluride right now on holiday.
Give my love to all.
Mike
PS - How about those Sooners!  OU/TX wasn't a fluke. Hard to believe, we'll
see what will happen with K State and bowls.  No matter, its been a fun
year.  It is nice to be back.
Pelt,
Howdy from Houston.  I hope you had a great Thanksgiving.  I took the week 
off and it was what i needed.  I have been working at a hectic pace and was 
on my annual sick rotation, although a little earlier than normal.  I needed 
the break.  My international traveling is over for the year, thank God.
Chris and i were talking about life and vacations and spring break came up I thought i would send you our information and see if our breaks co-ordinated 
and to see if we still wanted to try and get together to go skiing.  We 
didn't know if you made other plans or moved on since our last discussion a 
while ago.  Our spring break is March 12-16th .
Please let give an update via email when you get a chance.  I figured that 
you are in Telluride right now on holiday.
Give my love to all.
Mike
PS - How about those Sooners!  OU/TX wasn't a fluke. Hard to believe, we'll 
see what will happen with K State and bowls.  No matter, its been a fun 
year.  It is nice to be back.
Karen, yes i like the "sauces" reference.  I sound like an idiot.  I can 
understand his mistake but i thought i discussed what it meant.  Skilling 
will love that reference.
mike
Karen Denne@
11/20/2000 04:23 PM
Mike -- As soon as I get hard copies of the article, I'll send them to you The article is also on ComputerWorld's website.  (FYI, your quote should be 
"Might we get into softs or meats or grains."  i checked my notes...)  karen 
Juiced
By Julia King and Gary H. Anthes
(Nov. 20, 2000) Wall Street analysts and oil industry executives were thick 
among the legion of skeptics who thought Enron Corp. President and Chief 
Operating Officer Jeff Skilling was nuts to launch a Web site for the trading 
of natural gas and electricity over the Internet. 
That was last November, before EnronOnline locked up more than $120 billion 
in transactions in its first few months of operation, quickly establishing 
itself as the world's largest e-commerce company. As of Oct. 11, just prior 
to Enron's report of its third-quarter earnings, EnronOnline had executed 
more than 350,000 transactions, representing a gross value of $183 billion. 
Since then, the $40 billion Houston-based energy giant has elbowed its way 
into several new diversified markets. And it plans to continue its push into 
many more, ranging from railcar cargo space to broadband networking and 
data-storage capacity. 
In doing so, Enron is turbocharging its transformation from a stodgy, 
old-line fuel company to an entirely new kind of business-to-business market 
maker, with information technology and an all-out emphasis on 
entrepreneurship at the heart of its New Economy operations. Enron has been 
so successful in leveraging IT to pioneer new markets that others are trying 
to emulate its approach. 
First to Market 
"Enron often introduces a product before the competition even senses a market 
exists," the company says in its latest annual report. A prime example: 
online trading of data-network capacity. 
Indeed, "there's a low degree of awareness [among carriers] about the 
bandwidth-trading business," and Enron is ahead of the game, says Seth Libby, 
an analyst at The Yankee Group in Boston. 
At present, there are only a handful of network professionals who are aware 
of these capacity commoditization plans, says Libby. But not for long, 
asserts Enron President?? Jeff Skilling. "Within five years, the bandwidth 
market may be bigger than the gas and electric markets," he says. "So for us, 
it could be as big as the rest of our existing energy business." That's 
currently a $35 billion business. 
But critics say trading bandwidth is much more complicated than trading gas, 
especially for a company with little depth in telecommunications. And critics 
add that although carriers stand to benefit from the ability to buy and sell 
capacity, they might prefer to do it through some channel that's independent 
of the control of a single market maker like Enron. 
"Enron's argument is that its trading capabilities are the differentiator, 
and that it need not have deep telecom expertise," says Lisa Pierce, an 
analyst at Giga Information Group in Stamford, Conn. "But I'm not convinced 
it's that simple. Technology isn't a long-term competitive differentiator Houston-based Enron Broadband Services Inc., formed last year, offers IP 
transport on its 15,000-mile fiber-optic network. Enron Broadband Services 
also trades - that is, makes a market by buying and selling - network 
capacity to and from other data carriers, conducting some of the transactions 
on EnronOnline. 
Enron Broadband Services also offers content-oriented services, such as a 
video-on-demand service it will market with Dallas-based Blockbuster Inc. to 
home viewers starting next month. 
"When we started the gas business, they told us we were nuts," Skilling says. 
"They said, 'You're going to sell gas but not own production? How does that 
work?' Then we did electricity and they said we were nuts again, and even 
louder than before. They said this stuff moves at the speed of light; you can 
never create a market. Then in telecommunications, they said we were nuts 
again Despite its share of skeptics, some experts like Enron's prospects in this 
space. "I think aspects of this have the potential to be very big," says 
Libby. "The carriers like the idea of instantaneous provisioning. And I think 
it has a lot of potential [for] . . . selling it to businesses and giving 
them the ability to cut their costs significantly by buying it as they need 
it 
"We aspire to that kind of model," says Fred Buehler, director of electronic 
business at Eastman Chemical Co. in Kingsport, Tenn. 
"In every sector, there will be one or two innovators who get out front and 
do things differently to create shareholder value," Buehler says. "We're 
trying to be one of them Market Maker 
Stroll through the gas-trading section on the 32nd floor of Enron's 
glistening 50-story headquarters, and the company's technological 
sophistication is immediately evident. Traders like 26-year-old John Arnold, 
who personally executes about $1 billion per day in trades, have real-time 
access to virtually any information that might affect their split-second 
buy-and-sell decisions. 
That information might be a meteorologist's prediction of a 
colder-than-normal winter across the Plains states or a live news report of 
political instability in an oil-producing country in the Middle East. 
Behind the scenes, all of Arnold's trades are instantly analyzed and 
processed by a sophisticated, proprietary risk-management system and then 
updated across multiple back-end computer systems worldwide. Less than a year 
after launching the operation, 60% of the world's gas is traded on 
EnronOnline. 
"What we are doing, no one in the industry did 10 years ago. Eighty percent 
of our income this year is from businesses that didn't exist 10 years ago says Skilling. 
For example, EnronOnline contributed heavily to its parent company's 
third-quarter earnings, which were up 31% to $292 million, compared with the 
same period last year. 
"The change is technology-driven," Skilling adds. "We couldn't do what we do 
without massive amounts of computing capability." In this regard, Enron joins 
a short list of companies that includes Wal-Mart Stores Inc., FedEx Corp. and 
American Airlines Inc., which famously pioneered various mission-critical IT 
techniques to leapfrog competitors and create a whole new class of IT-enabled 
industry leaders. 
Among Enron's boldest ideas is its use of a single, powerful software-based 
trading platform to insert itself as a principal buyer or seller in hundreds 
of different markets. Currently, Enron trades more than 1,000 different 
commodities, such as gold, natural gas and metals, on EnronOnline. 
"The core of our business is our business model, which is a centralized 
risk-management and market-making business model. It just so happens that the 
Internet is just perfect for improving the efficiency of that model Skilling says. 
But as a market maker, EnronOnline stands alone. For starters, unlike most 
other Internet marketplaces, it's free. There are no transaction fees or 
catalog, inventory or subscription costs for users. 
"Enron has broken away from the pack in the last year, in terms of their 
capital growth," says Ian Wylie, vice president of e-business at BP Amoco PLC 
in London. "And e-business is responsible for a lot of this change Even more unusual is Enron's role as a principal in each transaction. That 
means Enron is either the buyer or seller in every trade in which it's 
involved, unlike market makers that simply act as matchmakers between buyers 
and sellers. 
In fact, Skilling, as well as Mike McConnell, who heads EnronOnline's global 
expansion efforts as president and CEO of Enron Global Markets LLC, dismisses 
much of the current hyperactivity surrounding other fee-based 
business-to-business exchanges as a flash in the pan. 
"[Many of the] B2B guys think all you have to do is set up a bulletin board 
and people will start transacting, but it doesn't work that way," Skilling 
says. "You need to know you can deliver if push comes to shove As either the seller or buyer in all of its trades, Enron, an established 
brand name with 32,000 miles of pipeline and deep financial pockets, 
guarantees delivery or payment on all trades that are executed on 
EnronOnline. 
"We're creating markets that were highly illiquid, so someone has to put 
their reputation on the line to say, 'We'll deliver,' " Skilling says. 
But guaranteeing delivery also requires having guaranteed access to physical 
assets such as network bandwidth and papermaking plants. Guaranteed access 
also ensures marketplace liquidity. For Enron, this is where the bricks and 
mortar come in. 
For example, to help drive its liquidity in the pulp and paper market, Enron 
paid $72 million in July for Garden State Paper Co., a recycled-newsprint 
mill in Garfield, N.J. 
Skilling's current market fancy is metals, and in May, Enron bought MG PLC, a 
London-based metals marketer. "You have to break the liquidity logjam, and to 
do that, you have to take a risk position," Skilling says. 
But once the logjam is cleared, Enron is just as likely to sell off the 
brick-and-mortar assets it acquired and use the cash to invest in new 
business. 
For example, to finance its new bandwidth-trading operation, Enron is selling 
Portland General Electric Co., a Portland, Ore.-based power producer that it 
bought in 1997, so it could bring liquidity to and guarantee trades in the 
online electricity market. 
Eventually, Enron may end up trading commodities that aren't even considered 
commodities - at least not at the moment - such as data storage capacity or 
empty railcar space. 
"Might we move into sauces or meats or grains? Potentially," says McConnell, 
who was Enron's de facto CIO before moving into his current role. 
"You have to be creative every day," McConnell says. "You have to be 
open-minded to trying new things But what remains constant throughout all the upsizing and downsizing is 
Enron's core IT-enabled business model, which is what puts it in a class of 
its own, analysts say. 
"People have talked a lot about systems that they're about to roll out, but 
there is just not much out there for direct trading," says Mike Heim, an 
energy analyst at A.G. Edwards & Sons Inc. in St. Louis. "Enron rolled out 
its technology 10 months ago, and still there isn't much else out there. 
There hasn't been much competition [because] there isn't anybody in the same 
class But just last month, Houston-based Dynegy Inc. launched Dynegydirect, an 
Internet-based, commission-free trading site for energy and communications 
commodities. 
Also last month, IntercontinentalExchange in Atlanta, whose partners include 
BP Amoco and The Hague-based Royal Dutch/Shell Group, added natural gas and 
power to its online trading system, which already included precious metals 
and crude oil. 
Skilling doesn't get called "nuts" much anymore. In fact, he's a darling on 
Wall Street, where Enron's stock has soared from around $40 per share last 
November to $81 as of this Nov. 2. As a result, Enron - by all accounts, an 
Old Economy gas pipeline company until 12 months ago - is widely regarded as 
a New Economy pioneer. 
Says Skilling, "We like to say we were B2B before there was B2B 
Thriving On the Unconventional 
As head of two Enron pipeline subsidiaries, Mike McConnell knew a lot more 
about gas flows than he did about data flows last year when he got a surprise 
call from Enron President and Chief Operating Officer Jeff Skilling. 
Recalls McConnell, "Jeff went into this whole thought process about how the 
Internet is changing everything. He said, 'We need to make Enron an 
e-business, and I need a guy that can run this as a business. We need to 
change the way we view technology "I thought he was a little crazy and I said, 'Jeff, I'm not a technology 
person at all,' He said, 'No, seriously - this is going to be big.' So I took 
over as CEO of Enron Global Technology," and thus became the company's de 
facto CIO, McConnell explains. 
Appointing a person with no technology background to the top IT post is an 
unusual move. But Enron often defies convention and typically thrives as a 
result. Indeed, Enron boasts an entrepreneurial culture that's unusual in 
large, long-established companies, and in utilities firms in particular. 
McConnell relates the tale of how 29-year-old Louise Kitchen, Enron's head 
gas trader in Europe, spearheaded the creation of an online gas-trading 
system, recruiting IT people from elsewhere in the company to do the 
development work. Word of the Web-based platform, EnronOnline, which is 
literally remaking the company, didn't reach top management until a few weeks 
before it went live. 
Kitchen enlisted the support of Enron's initially skeptical top traders, and 
she scoured the company for software developers and other experts. Her small 
army of volunteers worked nights and weekends on the project while carrying 
on with their regular jobs. 
"It's an amazing story about not getting corporate approval and going through 
all the bureaucracy," McConnell says. "No one went to the board and said, 'We 
want to change the way we trade.' You just do it Glowing Endorsement 
Soon after McConnell became the de facto CIO of the $40 billion energy 
company, he joined eight of Sun Microsystems Inc.'s top Houston customers at 
a breakfast hosted by Sun CEO Scott McNealy. 
"I was very nervous," recalls McConnell, 40. "I mean, McNealy is the guy, and 
here I know nothing about technology. I'd been on the job maybe two weeks McNealy asked the attendees - all but McConnell were middle-aged CIOs with 
many years of IT experience - to introduce themselves in turn. 
"When Scott came to me, I said, 'I'm the CEO of Global Technology, and we 
want to be the leader in B2B commerce in the world.' He kind of sat back and 
said, 'How long have you been in the IT business?' " McConnell explains 'About nine days,' I said, 'and we are going to take a little bit different 
approach to technology.' Scott chuckled and said, 'That sounds like Enron; it 
always looks at things differently.' He then stated that my CEO title and 
Enron's approach were very unusual but that it would be more commonplace 
soon, as this was the way of the future McConnell says McNealy's endorsement had "a huge impact" on how he structured 
IT at Enron during the following year. 
"I realized that we weren't too late to change our approach and take a 
commercial view of technology," he says - a view of IT as an integral part of 
the business, not as something that supports business functions. "None of the 
other companies were thinking our new way at all Taking a commercial view of IT has led to a blurring of the line that 
traditionally separates IT organizations from the business units they 
support. When McConnell became CEO of Global Technology, Enron had five CIOs 
who were predominantly operating independently inside the company's major 
lines of business. 
"Each CIO had his own agenda, his own thought process, his own goals, and 
they did not communicate at all," he says. 
McConnell established corporate standards for IT, created a management team 
that included the five CIOs and put all IT people under a new chief 
technology officer, Philippe Bibi. 
But IT is far from centralized at Enron. "We wanted to make people think 
about technology not as IT and support, but as an extension of your 
business," he explains. "So we seeded people out into the business units. 
[IT] directs the performance review process, but the business units have the 
greatest influence on where the person actually ranks and is rated Firms like Enron that merge IT departments with the business units they serve 
will be the winners among fast-paced e-businesses, says IT organization 
expert Robert Zawacki, president of Zawacki and Associates in Colorado 
Springs and a professor emeritus at the University of Colorado, also in 
Colorado Springs. "We need more entrepreneurial leaders in IT, and 
[McConnell] is certainly one," he says. 
IT makes it easier to be entrepreneurial, says McConnell, who is now 
president and CEO of Enron Global Markets. "We really do like to try things 
and see what happens, and when you have an electronic platform like 
[EnronOnline] that we can model into different sectors, it's very inexpensive 
to try it. We are not afraid; if it's not working, we'll just stop." - Gary 
H. Anthes and Julia King 
William,
I am very interested in both the Signac and Cross.
A few  questions about the pieces.  You referenced Meier Graefe for "Pan" for 
both pieces.  I don't know what that means could you please clarify?  Also I 
don't understand the reference to an Album.  Is the Signac numbered?  Are 
either signed on the stone?
Thanks,
mike
Dear Mr McConnell
Thank you for your e-mail of the 20th October. I apologise for the slow
reply but I was travelling when it was received at the gallery.
I now have 'pointillist' colour works by Cross and Signac which might be of
interest to you. Both are from the collection of one of my clients.
The Signac is similar to the work that you liked on the website. The
details are:
Paul Signac Le Soir - Evening Jetty at Flessingue
Original lithograph in five colours. 1898. From the issued edition,
commissioned and issued by Meier Graefe for the album 'Pan', Berlin 1898.
Drawn and printed at the studio of Clot, Paris 1897/98. Ref: Kornfeld and
Wick Paul Signac Prints no 20, as completed and issued. Exceptionaly fine
and fresh impression with totally unfaded colours. On off-white chine
volant paper. Full margins. Image: 8 x 10 3/8ins. o2500 (US$ 3750)
There is no illustration of the Cross on the website. If you do not know
the image then we could arrange for a printout in colours to be sent to you
by Fedex (we do not currently have scan available for e-mail) but we would
need your full mailing address.
The details are as follows:
Henri Edmond Cross - In the Champs Elysees. Les Nourrices.
Original lithograph in colours. 1898. Numbered in pencil from the very
scarce de-luxe edition of 75 impressions. Prior to the regular issued
edition for the album. Commissioned and issued by Meier Graefe for 'Pan,
Berlin 1898. Drawn and printed at the studio of Clot, Paris 1897/98.
Exceptionally fine fresh impression of the rare de-luxe edition. On china
paper mounted on a japan backing sheet as issued. Full margins. excellent
condition. Image: 7 7/8 x 10 1/4ins. o 2500 (US$3750)
Shipping and insurance extra (c. US$115 for either work).
I will look forward to hearing from you. Thank you for your interest in my
gallery
William Weston.
Billy, great idea, if you have a list i would really like to send them an 
email.
Thanks,
mike
PS good luck with the game on friday.
Billy Lemmons@
11/21/2000 09:13 PM
Mike,
Is this something that you and Jeff are interested in doing for the EGM 
nominees?  The list Brian attached below for Frevert includes only ENA 
employees.  Just let me know if I can do something to help.
Thanks,
Billy
Brian Redmond@ECT
11/15/2000 02:59 PM
Dave/Mark:
I have attached a list of the ENA/EGM/EIM employees nominated for the 
Chairman's Award.   Mark, could you send them a brief personal 
congratulations email?
Thanks,
Brian
Here is the list of nominated ENA employees:
Mark,
FYI, here is the latest update on our Q4.  We are making headway and the list 
shows how we intend to make up the short fall.  As I stated on my voicemail 
yesterday, upon our return from the holiday,  I will be even more proactively 
managing the Q4 P&L.
Have a great holiday.
mike
Brent A Price
11/20/2000 09:14 AM
Latest 4th Qtr. earnings outlook with changes from last week noted.  Call me 
if you have any questions.
All,
Below is a resume of Manuel.  I met with him and has a good background and is 
a superior performer.  He is willing to locate from Manilla and would go to 
Sydney and Tokyo.  Interesting origination oppt.
Mike
List
Manuel Gallego@_DEVELOPMENT
05/23/2001 08:21 AM
Dear Mike,
Thank you for taking the time to meet with me this afternoon in spite of your 
busy schedule.  Your encouragement is appreciated, especially in light of the 
uncertainties resulting from the substantial shift in Enron's business 
paradigm.  I look forward to communicating with the individuals you 
suggested--in particular, Randy Maffett, Per Seska, Mark Tawney, and Eric 
Gonzales.
As you requested, attached below is my resume.
,
Manuel
Jim,
Thank you so much for all your help on this matter.  I know how difficult 
your job is day to day without items like this popping up.  I spoke with 
Carol Randall and Cindy Levi, the principal of the school, and they are so 
appreciative it is hard to describe it.  The school constantly talks about 
Enron and hundreds of children are using the donated computers and now 
printers.
Thanks again and have a good holiday.
Sincerely,
Mike McConnell
Thanks heaps for all you coordination on this, Jim.   Enjoy your turkey day, 
too!    JR
Jim Fussell/ENRON@Xgate
11/20/2000 02:55 PM
Jenny,
Just an FYI 
I spoke with Carol Randal this morning the twelve printers will be delivered 
to Mittlestat Elementary tomorrow.
Have a nice Thanksgiving
Jim
We need to schedule the delivery of the donated printers. The address is:
7200 Spring Cypress
Directions: 45N exit 2920, go west to Hooks Airport (Stubner Airline) turn 
left. Go to Spring Cypress and turn left. Go to Robbie Road and turn left. 
See Dan Burg 281.655.6583. You must be there by 3:30pm. 
Please complete this request on Tuesday, 11/21.
Thanks,
Reggie
Reggie,
The contact at the warehouse to accept the printers is Dan Burg.  He can be 
reached at 281-655-6583
The printers are located at 3AC B1 and when you are ready I have someone get 
them for you.
Thanks,
Jim
Please reserve one flu vaccine for Mike McConnell.  You may notify by e-mail 
or call X-31450 when it is available.
Thank you.
Cathy Phillips
X-36898
CP, please followup on the 2 email failure messages and delete.
thnaks,
m
Jeff, FYI, good summary email.
As we get bids for Project Jose, we should keep him informed but move 
forward with getting the competitive bids.
mike
Larry L Izzo@_DEVELOPMENT
11/15/2000 03:35 PM
Several developers in your groups have asked questions recently concerning 
the future of EECC and whether EECC would be there for them in the planning 
process for future Enron turnkeys.  Some of these turnkeys, like Venezuela 
LNG, we are currently working on but there's some uncertainty in their minds 
whether or not we'll be allowed to do the project.  Let me clarify the 
current situation 
Lou Pai and I have briefed Jeff Skilling as part of the 2001 budget process 
and obtained his approval for EECC to continue with the following role 
EECC will manage Enron's technical and engineering risk for large asset 
construction projects.  EECC can perform the Enron turnkeys when we mutually 
agree that we have the market price and schedule.
EECC will shut down third party work (not related to Enron projects except 
for NEPCO and power projects).
EECC will leverage its approach to technical engineering and construction 
risk management to develop new products and services, for example, lender's 
engineering due diligence, etc.
EECC will develop an Enron Construction Risk Book for all Enron projects, 
including NEPCO.  (This process is underway with the help of Rick Buy's group 
and should be completed by mid-December.)
EECC will transition NEPCO into our project power company.  I'm beginning 
this transition by moving the Enron Brazil projects and their project teams 
under the NEPCO umbrella.  However, NEPCO cannot manage the Arcos project in 
Spain, which has already begun engineering, and I will grandfather Arcos (and 
probably the second project in Spain) inside EECC.
As before, business units can bid for outside prices and schedules.  I think 
in that regard nothing has changed.  I would like to continue working with 
your teams to continue looking for the best deal for Enron on every project, 
whether that's an EECC/NEPCO EPC or an outside EPC.  I think we expect to 
manage the outside contractors when a decision is made that the best choice 
for a particular project is a third party contractor.  I would like to follow 
up and meet with you in due course to answer any other questions.
LI49700
Lisa, Thanks for the email and invitation.  I am out and will be unable to 
attend. 
Thanks,
mike
Lisa Yoho@EES
11/15/2000 10:33 AM
Wendy Gramm invited Jeff Skilling to attend a social event for Senator Lugar 
(R-IN) in Dallas on Sunday, November 19th.   Jeff is going to be out of town, 
so I wanted to know if you are interested in attending on Enron's behalf I'm told it's going to be a small gathering of CEOs from Texas companies Senator Lugar is the Chairman of the Senate Ag Committee, which has primary 
jurisdiction over the Commodities Exchange Act legislation.   Lugar is a 
senior player on ag issues, and will be very influential in the farm policy 
debate -- which begins anew next year.    He's also involved in foreign 
relations issues, and is pro-trade.
Let me know if you're interested (and available) to attend this event, and I 
will get additional details to you asap.
Thank you.
Lisa Yoho
Government Affairs
X5-3837
FYI and further handling.
m
Brad Browning  Mike,
We met back in the early summer and made a presentation to you, Steve Horn,
and Allan Sommer regarding SeaLogistics.  Since that time, we have completed
a merger with one of our primary competitors, launched our bulk
shipping/e-chartering exchange and now have begun trading on the site.  We
currently have support from charterers representing approximately 10% of the
global petroleum shipping spot market volume and from ship owners
representing approximately 15% of the large tanker fleet.
I saw that Enron announced last month its entry into the freight futures
market for bulk petroleum shipping.  Given this event and our marketplace
momentum, I thought it may make sense to have a more strategic discussion
around possible opportunities between Enron and SeaLogistics.
Please let me know your interest in discussing further a potential joint
opportunity.
,
Brad
W. Brad Browning
Chief Executive Officer
Phone: 713.751.3000
e-mail: brad.browning@sealogistics.com
SeaLogistics
Open Seas  Open Market TM
For your further handling. m
renewals@register.com on 11/15/2000 03:07:00 PM
Dear Mike McConnell,
It's time to renew your domain name(s)!
SPECIAL OFFER: GET 2 FREE YEARS WHEN YOU RENEW FOR FOUR OR
MORE YEARS BY November 30, 2000!*
If you renew your domain name registration(s) for 4 or more
years, register.com will give you 2 additional years of
registration for FREE!  A savings of up to $105 compared to
renewing year-by-year! This offer expires on November 30, 2000,
so act now!
As a valued register.com customer, we don't want you to
miss out on renewing the following domain name(s), which
are due to expire on 04/14/2001.  Click on the
link(s) below or copy/paste the appropriate link (which may
be broken into two lines) into the Address or Location
field of your Web browser for each domain name you would
like to renew 
enronnetworks.com
Expiration Date: 04/14/2001
Click the link below to renew:
0159cd3c3bfc84e7
&
*Offer applies to domain name renewals only; .com, .net and
..org domain names can only be renewed for a term not to
exceed 10 years.
**Note: Please keep in mind that you must renew each domain
name individually.  If you choose not to renew your domain
name(s) by 04/14/2001, the domain name will
become available to the public for registration.
For more information on renewing your domain name through
register.com, please visit:
To contact a Customer Support representative online, please visit:
Or call:
Toll free in the U.S. and Canada: (877) 209-1434
Outside the U.S. and Canada: +1 (212) 798-9277
All domain name registrations and renewals are subject to
the terms and conditions of our Services Agreement, which
you can view online at:
Thank you for using register.com, the first step on the Web.
Customer Support
register.com, inc.
- Copy and Pasting Instructions -
Highlight the URL with your cursor. Once you have
highlighted the URL, hit CTRL + C (for Mac "Open Apple C) to copy the highlighted area.
Open an Internet browser window and click in the Address or
Location field. Hit CTRL + V (for Mac "Open Apple" + V) to
paste the URL into the address field.  If necessary, repeat
this process with the second line of the URL. Please be
sure to delete spaces if there are any embedded in the URL
- otherwise, you will not be able to connect to the proper
page.
Once you have entered and looked over the URL, hit the
'Enter' or 'Return' key on your keyboard. The Web page
displayed will allow you to renew your domain name(s).
Notification ID: 6292480
CP, Howdy from my hotel room.  I decided not to play golf, big surprise.  I'm 
resting and working.
Looked at my email lately?
On a more serious note, would you please have Jason burn a disc of the most 
recent version of EGM.  I will need to have a computer to play it and how to 
work it for the off-site on Monday.
Thanks,
mike
They have proven that they are great at governing and at having great 
vision.  ......not.
m
CP, please add to my calendar.  I'll take home a copy for chris.
m
Please click on the URL below for Enron's 2001 Holiday Schedule.
Hi John -
Mike McConnell asked me to respond to your message on his behalf.  He said 
thank you and yes, he would like for you to draft the message for the EGM 
staff.
Thanks.
Cathy Phillips
X-36898
John Ambler@_DEVELOPMENT
06/05/2001 06:16 PM
Mike,
It is my understanding that the office of the chairman will be distributing 
the attached memorandum to all employees on June 7.  Furthermore, it appears 
that the policy committee recommended that business unit heads send e-mails 
to their staffs, echoing and supporting these recommendations.  We would be 
pleased to prepare a draft for your consideration, if you would like to send 
out such an e-mail to the EGM staff.
John
Thanks.  Its nice to hear a kind word every once in a while.  Its been a 
tough quarter.  Im glad we are making progress in this area, it is a priority.
Mike
PB, FYI and follow-up.  If you are interested or if anything comes of this, 
please let me know.
Thanks,
Mike
Mike:
I enjoyed your remarks and meeting you after your speech.  I remain quite
interested in your comment that Enrononline expects to trade more coal that
natural gas or electricity in the future.
As we discussed, we are the dominant software fossil fuel developers in the
generating space, having our operating systems installed in 23 of the
largest generating companies.  The largest of our customers are also the
largest consumers of coal, and include TVA, Southern, AEP, First Energy,
CP&L, Exelon, New Century/Excel, and Southern Energy, among others.  At
several of the companies' request, we have developed our Fuel Optimizer
Module (FPO), which tells the fuel buyer what the delivered cost to a plant
specific specifications is, once the coal cost is factored into the
equation.
Attached is an overview of our system, and the specs on the FPO.  Please
forward these on the appropriate people in your organization.  I look
forward to hearing from them.
Thank you for your time.
David
- David W. Hardee.vcf
- FCMFPO2.doc
- IBS_CorpSummary.ppt
Mark, thanks for the infromation but I do want the Chief Executive Officers 
name thanks,
mike
Mark Scott@
11/14/2000 02:23 PM
Mr. McConnell
I hope this information will help.  All I have is the Regional VP name for 
SWB.  Here is his information 
Russ Phelps
6500 West Loop South Zone 3.1
Bellaire, TX  77401
Phone 713-567-8333
Email russ.phelps@sbc.com
Mark Scott
Enron Net Works
713-345-7351
mark.scott@
The following message that was originally sent with three attachments was 
returned as undeliverable.  I am sending the message again with only one 
attachment and then will follow-up by sending the remaining two presentations 
under separate messages due to the size of each of the files.
Sorry for the delay.
Ahmad,
Thank you for the email.  I enjoyed our visit very much.  I wanted to thank 
you for taking the time especially during your weekend to spend time away 
from your family.  I learned a lot during the trip and I believe in the 
Dolphin project.  I also liked many other of the project Rick's team has put 
together in the Middle East.
I promised you some of the speeches that I have delivered and attached below 
are 3 different ones that illustrate Enron's view of the future.
Thanks again.
Mike
Ahmad Al-Sayegh  Dear Mike ,
Thank you for taking the time to visit with us in Abudhabi .  We? hope that 
we can continue to?strengthen our relationship through  project Dolphin and 
your visit reassured us of Enron's commitment.
Ahmed Al Sayegh
As mentioned in my previous message, another one of the presentations that I 
attempted to send to you earlier is attached below.
As mentioned in my previous message, the attached file is the last 
presentation of the three that I attempted to send to you previously.  If you 
have any problems opening the file, please notify me and we will send you the 
hard copies immediately.
Thank you.
Please read the following message from Kathie Grabstald and Michelle Vitrella 
in Public Relations.  The Weekly Electronic Newsletter is a project that Mark 
Frevert requested and it is important that Enron Global Markets be 
responsive  when we are asked for information from our business units Please pass along to Kathie and Michelle the name of a contact person in your 
group that will be responsible for providing updates for the weekly 
newsletter.  Kathie has assured me that the person providing the information 
is not required to do the actual writing, but provide bullet points which she 
will then prepare in paragraph form.  Michelle will send a reminder message 
to the contact person when the updates are needed.
Thank you for your assistance with this project.
Under the direction of Mark Frevert, ENA Public Relations has created a 
Weekly Electronic Newsletter giving employees the latest news in Enron North 
America, Industrial Markets and Global Markets with the click of a button Our goal is to provide information about recent developments and events from 
the various business units straight from the source, YOU!  We need your 
cooperation and participation since ENA/EGM/EIM readers want to know more 
about Global Markets.  Please help open the door for us by getting your 
direct reports on board and encouraging them to send us news.
Watch for a weekly reminder email giving upcoming newsletter deadlines.  If 
anyone needs assistance formatting business highlights, we will help turn 
their bullet points into paragraphs.
Thank you.
Kathie Grabstald and Michelle Vitrella
ENA Public Relations
x 3-9610
Sanjay, thanks.
mike
Sanjay Bhatnagar@_DEVELOPMENT
11/14/2000 11:00 AM
Rick:
I received a message from Mike McConnell yesterday about co-ordination in  
the middle east. I think ur experiences with EBS relate to some people who 
may have visited ur region before I took over. I do not think that u will 
have a problem working with Anil. He understands the sensitivities and has 
worked in the Middle East earlier for over 5 years. I have asked him to 
co-ordinate with ur team. Pls help him get started.
Sanjay
enron india
Dear Rick,
You might remember me; we met in September when you visited Metgas in Mumbai 
with the LNG team. At the time I presented a piece on the MetGas equity sale 
and opportunities of cooperation with the Indian Oil Company.
Following Sanjay's new role in the organisation, he has now charged me with 
developing the EBS business in the Middle East. In this regard I had a 
telecon with Mac McClelland yesterday, the details of which are copied in the 
mail below. 
I would like to visit Dubai possibly next week to see the Dubai Internet 
City, meet with senior officials at the Internet and Media cities to identify 
what opportunities there could be for EBS.
We look forward to closely cooperating with you and your team in Dubai.
With  ,   Anil
enron india
Mac,
You would be aware that Sanjay Bhatnagar has been given the responsibility of 
managing EBS business in the Middle East and Asia and our team reports 
directly to him. We are currently wanting to develop an EBS strategy for the 
Middle East. For this objective Amr Ibrahim (Director, Regulatory) and myself 
would like to plan a visit to Dubai in the near future (possibly early next 
week). We would like to have a half hour conference call with you today to 
discuss this visit. Based on your exposure and presence in Dubai, we would 
like to seek advise from you on the below, which would be the objective of 
our trip;
Dubai Internet City. We are well aware of this tremendous infrastructure that 
has been developed in Dubai. Our information is based on what was available 
on the web. We would like to see this facility, meet with the relevant people 
in the Communications group and establish what business opportunities could 
be available for EBS. From our understanding, the DIC infrastructure has 
being developed by Siemens, Sun and Cisco. Fibre connectivity is provided by 
a local telecom party. 
Business potential. We would be developing a business plan for the Middle 
East region and would like to identify what support we could get from Enron's 
immendate presence in the region, in the way of direction.
Immediate business opportunity. What are the low hanging fruit for EBS in the 
Middle East region and what are the first areas we should focus on that would 
give us success, to quickly neutralize cost.
How do we get multiple entry visas for Dubai. Is it possible to get a one (or 
three) month visa. Can we them for coming Sunday or would it be a rush? We 
have Canadian and Danish passports.
I will call you at 12 noon (Dubai time) this morning. 
With  ,   Anil
FYI
Sanjay Bhatnagar@_DEVELOPMENT
11/14/2000 11:00 AM
Rick:
I received a message from Mike McConnell yesterday about co-ordination in  
the middle east. I think ur experiences with EBS relate to some people who 
may have visited ur region before I took over. I do not think that u will 
have a problem working with Anil. He understands the sensitivities and has 
worked in the Middle East earlier for over 5 years. I have asked him to 
co-ordinate with ur team. Pls help him get started.
Sanjay
enron india
Dear Rick,
You might remember me; we met in September when you visited Metgas in Mumbai 
with the LNG team. At the time I presented a piece on the MetGas equity sale 
and opportunities of cooperation with the Indian Oil Company.
Following Sanjay's new role in the organisation, he has now charged me with 
developing the EBS business in the Middle East. In this regard I had a 
telecon with Mac McClelland yesterday, the details of which are copied in the 
mail below. 
I would like to visit Dubai possibly next week to see the Dubai Internet 
City, meet with senior officials at the Internet and Media cities to identify 
what opportunities there could be for EBS.
We look forward to closely cooperating with you and your team in Dubai.
With  ,   Anil
enron india
Mac,
You would be aware that Sanjay Bhatnagar has been given the responsibility of 
managing EBS business in the Middle East and Asia and our team reports 
directly to him. We are currently wanting to develop an EBS strategy for the 
Middle East. For this objective Amr Ibrahim (Director, Regulatory) and myself 
would like to plan a visit to Dubai in the near future (possibly early next 
week). We would like to have a half hour conference call with you today to 
discuss this visit. Based on your exposure and presence in Dubai, we would 
like to seek advise from you on the below, which would be the objective of 
our trip;
Dubai Internet City. We are well aware of this tremendous infrastructure that 
has been developed in Dubai. Our information is based on what was available 
on the web. We would like to see this facility, meet with the relevant people 
in the Communications group and establish what business opportunities could 
be available for EBS. From our understanding, the DIC infrastructure has 
being developed by Siemens, Sun and Cisco. Fibre connectivity is provided by 
a local telecom party. 
Business potential. We would be developing a business plan for the Middle 
East region and would like to identify what support we could get from Enron's 
immendate presence in the region, in the way of direction.
Immediate business opportunity. What are the low hanging fruit for EBS in the 
Middle East region and what are the first areas we should focus on that would 
give us success, to quickly neutralize cost.
How do we get multiple entry visas for Dubai. Is it possible to get a one (or 
three) month visa. Can we them for coming Sunday or would it be a rush? We 
have Canadian and Danish passports.
I will call you at 12 noon (Dubai time) this morning. 
With  ,   Anil
Yes, thanks.
m
You'll have it this morning.  Did you get my "three points focus" for 2001 ?
G
Cindy,
Thanks for the email.  I 'll be glad to set it up and attend.  Who else would 
you like there so that i can co-ordinate?
m
Cindy Olson@
10/31/2000 10:18 AM
Mike ,  I like th idea.....in fact have been kicking this around as a service 
we could offer employees.....I will meet with him in the near future 
FYI
Just received return phone call from Ito van Lanshot at Reliant.  I 
referenced earlier telecon between Bob Harvey and Mike McConell regarding 
possibilities on coal side.  Ito mentioned that he has an on-going dialog 
with John Sherriff regarding joint opportunities.  I explained nature of 
delivered coal deals we are doing in UK/Germany/Spain and expressed interest 
in similar arrangement in ARA ports - mentioned I had on-going dialog with 
Peter Davies.  He responded that they are evaluating continuing relationship 
with GKE on and on-going basis.  He would be interested in hearing more about 
nature of deals we are doing - he will get update from Peter Davies on status 
of GKE relationship and then would like to schedule a meeting in either 
London or Amsterdam to discuss possibilities.  Said he would touch base with 
John Sherriff (or directly with me) during the next 2 weeks.
Will keep everyone posted.
John,
I previously asked you to quantify the global size of your business (in 
Billions) and you sent me a voice mail on it.  I have misplaced that note and 
don't remember the global size for the presentation.  Please re-provide as a 
return email.
Sorry for the inconvenience.
Mike
Please followup and send her a copy.  I am not sure which one she is 
referring to however.
tx,m 
Hi Mike, 
I am an account manger in the San Ramon, CA office.  I am also an MBA 
student.  I am currently taking a class in marketing and my group will be 
doing a presentation on E-commerce and how it is affecting the way businesses 
are marketing to their customers (and even how they decide what customers to 
market to).  I came across your powerpoint presentation on the EnronOnline 
website and found the information to be extremely relevant and useful to what 
we plan on covering.  Would it be possible to get a copy of that presentation 
from you?  Also, would you be able to provide more insight on how you feel 
the internet has made an impact on the energy industry?  I recently heard 
that a couple of other utilities (I believe Duke and Sempra) are also putting 
together plans for e-commerce websites.  What are your thoughts on that?
Any insight and information you could provide would be greatly appreciated. 
Thanks, 
Renee Fernandez
Steve, FYI and further handling.  This is the guy from infrastructure world He just called me on it as well.  Please respond.
Thanks,
m
Mike,
?
I am resending this to you as I may  have had the incorrect email address 
earlier. I would appreciate it if you or  Cathy could confirm receipt of this 
by return email.
?
Thanks,
?
Vidar J. Jorgensen 
500 West Cummings Park 
Suite 5200 
Woburn, MA? 01801
P:? 781-939-2572
F:? 781-939-2574
Cell P:? 781-929-2965
vidar@cbinet.com
- 00-1110-07.doc
- gcxbusinessplan (new).doc
- 00-0926-06.doc
- 00-1025-03.doc
- 00-1018-06.doc
Gary, I never received your 1 page description of your business to include 
into the EGM presentation.  Please draft and send me an email with your 
description of your businesses.  Attached below is the first draft of the 
overall presentation to use as a guide.
Thanks,
mike
John,
I talked with Janet last week and then I was out sick.  I left her a 
voicemail before lunch and am waiting on her reply.
m
John L Nowlan
11/13/2000 04:09 PM
Jannell grabbed me today to ask where we stand as I think she still has an 
interest in coming to our group. I asked her if she had been contacted by 
anyone in power marketing and she has not. Could you have Janet talk to her 
so we can either move forward or move on. thanks.
CP, I am forwarding to you to establish the contact.  Yes Fortune, no wired, 
yes WSJ.
thanks,
m
Dear Mike:
This is to inform you that the following subscriptions are up for renewal:
Fortune
Wall Street Journal (We have a corporate account that I can add you to)
Wired
In the past, such renewals were routed to Info Central to be paid.  Our 
department has changed its focus to research.
If you would like to renew as a courtesy, we would be happy to take care of 
this for you.  We will contact the publisher and let them know that for the 
next renewal to send the invoice directly to you, and from then on, you would 
take care of payment.
Please let me know if you would like to renew this publication, as it will 
expire shortly.
Sincerely,
Susan Kennedy
713/853-9135
fine and thanks.
m
FYI
m
Shawn Cumberland@_DEVELOPMENT
11/11/2000 03:57 AM
Mike:
Many thanks for all of the support in the placement of the former CALME 
employees.  We are done to just a very few at this time.
It appears that your new squad is getting some traction on building the LNG 
business.  I'm pleased to hear that.
I look forward to hearing how our transportation or logistics business is 
developing.  Perhaps we can get together sometime during the San Antonio 
conference to catch up.
All the best.  Shawn
PS.  the following is an interesting article about the online intermodal 
landscape.
Hashing Out E-commerce.
JOHN GALLAGHER
10/23/2000 
Traffic World 
Page 29 
Commerce, Inc. 
'Dot-coms' explain how they hope to compete in intermodal market and among 
themselves 
With some 150 websites devoted to transportation, e-commerce companies 
acknowledge that it's difficult for potential customers to cut through the 
confusion and figure out who's doing what and who's going to be with them for 
the long term. 
Because of the competition between their respective railroad partners, one of 
the bigger questions for intermodal shippers is the relationship between 
Arzoon and Freightwise. There has been speculation that after Freightwise was 
established by Burlington Northern Santa Fe Railway, four competitors Union Pacific Railroad, Norfolk Southern, CSX and Canadian Pacific Railway teamed up with rival e-commerce site Arzoon in a response to BNSF's proposed 
merger with Canadian National Railway. However, both Freightwise and Arzoon 
claim that's not the case. "I'm continually asked, 'What's up with the four 
railroads and Arzoon?'" said Charley Eisele, UP senior vice president, 
strategic planning. "People are trying to make a whole lot out of the 
coincidence of these two things from a timing perspective. The reality is, it 
was a decision made on the underlying business model 
Freightwise executives agree with that assessment, pointing out that because 
the industry happened to be divided along merger lines at the same time the 
railroads were aligning with e-commerce initiatives, it seemed too much of a 
coincidence that the same four railroads opposing the merger were the ones 
joining Arzoon. However, "I think to launch a company like this takes more 
than just a reaction to a merger," said Freightwise Chief Marketing Officer 
Sanjay Joshi. 
There are major differences between the two Internet companies starting with 
their business plans. Arzoon categorizes itself as a "shipper-centric 
transportation management system," whose target market is the roughly 80 
percent of the transportation business that currently moves under contract. 
Freightwise, on the other hand, classifies itself as a transportation 
exchange and is targeting the remaining 20 percent of the market procured on 
a spot basis. Arzoon, whose primary focus is the shipper, is setting out to 
help manage the relationships that already exist between shipper and carrier. 
The priority for carrier-focused Freightwise is to make sure the capacity is 
there for shippers who log on to their system. 
In addition, Arzoon, which currently is involved only with rail and truck, 
wants eventually to become a transportation management system that "manages 
across all modes and borders," including ocean and air freight, said Eisele. 
Freightwise will stick to truckload and inter-modal for the time being. 
"We're not sure about getting involved with air freight, given the size of 
the market and the economics," said Joshi. "It takes a different set of 
products and economics than surface transportation. Maybe sometime down the 
line, but right now we really plan on getting entrenched in the truckload and 
inter-modal spot market. We think that's a lot to chew. The key is to focus 
on a particular footprint that we can begin to own rather than get too broad 
and lose focus 
The fact that Arzoon and Freightwise have teamed up with different rail 
carriers is another cause for concern. Will there be a disincentive on the 
part of carriers to use each others' e-commerce initiatives and ultimately, 
therefore, a disadvantage for prospective customers? 
"The answer is the 90-10 rule," said a source from an Arzoon rail partner. "A 
particular shipper is in a position where 90 percent of their business is 
conducted via truck and other modes, and maybe only 10 percent via railroads. 
If the choice presented to them is to select a system that addresses all 
modes effectively or one that only addresses a particular mode, then the 
90-10 rule would suggest that greater leverage would lie in picking the 
broader, multimode transportation management system. In that case, even 
though a railroad may have another (e-commerce) approach, it would clearly 
have to respond to the customers' needs in that situation 
Freightwise's Joshi makes a similar argument. "Freightwise is merely another 
channel for BNSF to market its services," he said. "It posts a certain set of 
rates for what it believes to be fair for the service. It's not for 
Freightwise to decide what rates BNSF decides to move through its channel UP may not decide to post its rates on Freightwise, Joshi said, "so then BNSF 
would have to find out what's the competitive rate relative to UP 
Another question arises as to whether Arzoon may have a competitive advantage 
over Freightwise, particularly from an intermodal standpoint, because it is 
backed by both Eastern and Western carriers. whereas Freightwise is backed 
only by BNSF. "I would only say that the partnership we have with BNSF is not 
exclusive and that we're talking to other railroads as well," Joshi noted. He 
added, "This is an exchange to market your capacity and services. It would be 
very difficult for six railroads to do something on their own; there would be 
no critical mass. It's to the advantage of the other railroads to 
participate 
Along with BNSF, which provides Freightwise with instant capacity, the 
company recently signed GE Corp. as an "anchor tenant" and equity investor 
that will help Freightwise reach the critical mass Joshi talks about. As both 
a major supplier to the rail industry (locomotives) and a potential shipper 
(appliances), "the goal is to use GE as something we can leverage, and work 
with their respective divisions as a way to reduce their transportation 
costs," he said. 
Visibility is a key advantage for potential customers of both Interment 
companies. "As a transportation management system with access to all modes, 
it allows shippers to be more efficient in the management of transportation Eisele said. "Cross-modal visibility means that because they'll be managing 
their truck business under the same system as rail, the economics of rail 
will be much more visible. And we believe that with comparable reliability, 
the economics will be compelling to the point where rails will garner a 
greater share of those customers' total transportation buy 
Joshi claims a big difference between Freightwise and other exchanges is that 
when a shipper is looking for transportation options between specific 
origin-destination pairs, Freightwise allows customers to make side-by-side 
comparisons between truck and intermodal. It is this price and service 
transparency, Joshi says, that will save its customers money: "We're giving 
customers three to five choices between truck and intermodal, not 50, so that 
they can see service and price parameters 
Intermodal e-commerce ventures such as Freightwise also bring up the question 
of competition with traditional intermodal marketing companies. Joshi points 
out that its fee for doing a lot of what small and midsize IMCs do currently 
-- such as load matching, tracking and tracing and order processing -- is 3 
percent, which is split between the buyer and seller of the services. This 
compares to the 18 to 20 percent that customers traditionally have paid for 
retaining an IMC. "I don't think all brokers will embrace us," Joshi 
conceded, but at the same time, "there will be a segment of brokers who will 
begin migrating into higher-added-value services, for example, the 
third-party logistics side rather than the classical brokerage. They'll get 
into things like inventory management on behalf of shippers and leave 
back-end processing to firms like Freightwise 
Webmodal, which is a purely intermodal e-commerce venture whose vision is to 
"make intermodal much more like truck in the eyes of the shipper," points out 
that it can take customers several days to receive a bid from a traditional 
IMC. "We can immediately configure door to door intermodal solutions that we 
can put together using our underlying carrier relationships," said Webmodal 
founder and CEO Chris Kravas. "We do business with a lot of large U.S. 
railroads and with 37 drayage companies. We give everybody access to all the 
information they might need to make decisions on price vs. service tradeoffs, 
and which carriers make most sense based on what the shipper is trying to do. 
And we do it without the traditional one-to-three-day wait that typically 
happens in response to a normal request for (intermodal services 
Kravas said the company has invested time and expertise in developing what it 
calls a "first-ever" schedule engine that works door to door. "Traditionally, 
the industry hasn't had a schedule engine that involves the 
'dray-plus-rail-plus-dray' services, so there's been pretty much a reliance 
on rules of thumb. But the truth is, it doesn't take anywhere near eight days 
for most origin-destination pairs. We have a very robust way of representing 
the capabilities of the dray carriers as well as the rail carriers, so that 
much more truck-like transit can be shown to be viable 
Because of this, Webmodal sees itself as more of a technology and e-commerce 
company than a traditional IMC, and considers itself more a vendor than a 
competitor. How does a small or midsize IMC work as a customer of Webmodal? 
"Not all small IMCs are set up to do business with all of the railroads or 
with a large set of drayage companies," Kravas said. "What we do for them is 
give them a low-cost way to access, a comprehensive array of intermodal 
products and services available in the U.S. We've established ourselves as a 
business partner with a large base of first-rate drayage companies across the 
country. So if you're an IMC with an opportunity to handle freight in a new 
market, Webmodal allows you to put together a service and pay only a modest 
fee." Kravas wouldn't disclose the company's fee structure, only that it 
charges per shipment for a web-based order and a "slightly higher" fee for a 
phone or fax order. 
A smaller IMC also could use Webmodal to put in place a private version of 
its technology that would enable the IMC to better manage its business. "That 
would range from pricing, order fulfillment, customer service -- kind of the 
whole spectrum of capabilities that would allow an IMC to take advantage of 
our system," Kravas said. 
Everyone's waiting to see who's going to survive the transportation dot-com 
fallout. Before that happens, however, Freightwise may find itself as big a 
competitor with Arzoon as it is with a company like Webmodal. "We're starting 
from different points," said Freightwise's Joshi, "but down the line, yes, I 
can see" more head-to-head competition between the two companies. 
In addition to establishing itself in that 80 percent of the market devoted 
to transportation contracts, UP's Eisele notes that Arzoon also has a 
catalog-capability function, which eventually can be used to auction capacity 
in the spot market -- the market in which Freightwise is establishing itself. 
"We will very much have the capability to enable spot market buying," he 
said. 
As Webmodal's Kravas pointed out, "It's going to be an interesting next six 
months 
Arzoon-A.T. Kearney partnership 
Consulting firm A.T. Kearney, a unit of Dallas-based EDS, and Arzoon, which 
provides Internet-based services for managing transportation work processes 
worldwide, have formed a strategic alliance. 
A.T. Kearney was one of the first to establish a dedicated practice helping 
shippers manage transportation more effectively on a global basis. Its 
clients now will have direct exposure to Arzoon's transportation management 
trading network, which provides online services for managing the full life 
cycle of work processes across all modes, systems and enterprises. 
Similarly, Arzoon and its clients can access "select" A.T. Kearney consulting 
services, the company said. That includes inbound transportation management, 
supply-chain and distribution rationalization, carrier selection and process 
improvement, Arzoon said.
"Superior transportation management has emerged as a critical success factor 
in the increasingly competitive world of commerce," said Randy Garber, 
transportation services co-leader of A.T. Kearney's operations services 
practice. "We think service companies, manufacturers and retailers that 
incorporate the speed, simplicity and efficiency of the Internet into their 
supply chains will lead their markets 
The plan is for both A.T. Kearney and Arzoon to gain valuable understanding 
and insights into how the Internet creates great efficiencies in both the 
strategic and tactical needs of transportation professionals, Garber added. 
"We believe that the knowledge gained from this collaboration will benefit 
our clients as well as Arzoon's customers involved in the $1 trillion global 
freight transportation market," Garber said. 
An Arzoon official said the company was "very pleased" to be associated with 
A.T. Kearney, which Arzoon described as a "premier problem-so1ver." A.T. 
Kearney has a global presence that includes 62 offices in 37 countries. 
Arzoon.com, San Mateo, Calif., is a year-old Internet startup that describes 
itself as a company that is working on "the transformation of the worldwide 
transportation market into a networked community."
John,
Below is a copy of our final budget for 2001.  I thought you would like a 
copy.
mike
Mike,
Here's the final presentation file with updated funds flow amounts.
Guys FYI,  below is a copy of our final budget numbers for 2001.
mike
Mike,
Here's the final presentation file with updated funds flow amounts.
Mac,
I sent it directly to Ahmed via email thanks,m
Mike:
At lunch last Thursday you said you would send UOG copies of some of your 
speeches.  If you want to email them to me I'll make sure they get to the 
Dolphin office.  Thanks.  Mac
John,
Thanks for the email.  I enjoyed my visit to the middle east and our 
discussion.  I really appreciate your insight.  I am very committed to the 
project and many of the other opportunities that Rick's team has put together.
I'll see you in the new year.
Sincerely,
Mike
Ahmad,
Thank you for the email.  I enjoyed our visit very much.  I wanted to thank 
you for taking the time especially during your weekend to spend time away 
from your family.  I learned a lot during the trip and I believe in the 
Dolphin project.  I also liked many other of the project Rick's team has put 
together in the Middle East.
I promised you some of the speeches that I have delivered and attached below 
are 3 different ones that illustrate Enron's view of the future.
Thanks again.
Mike
Ahmad Al-Sayegh  Dear Mike ,
Thank you for taking the time to visit with us in Abudhabi .  We? hope that 
we can continue to?strengthen our relationship through  project Dolphin and 
your visit reassured us of Enron's commitment.
Ahmed Al Sayegh
Wow.  I didn't know.  Glad to have you back.
m
Ragan Bond@
11/09/2000 01:47 PM
Mr. McConnell.....congrats man!  Hope things are well!  Can you believe I'm 
back at the Mother Ship?  I trade for Bridgeline and am having a blast being 
back.
Take care!
Ragan
Greg, a quick note, although a little unclear, all of your businesses remain 
in EGM and are not going to go to R McDonald's new group.
Please inform your group.
Thanks,
Mike
For your further handling.  I don't know what this is.
m
Isabel Ruiz  Please respond to iruiz@bayou.uh.edu
Mr. Mike McConnell
Enron Net Works
Dear Mr. McConnell:
Your organization's fees for 2000-2001 ISRC membership have not been paid. A
copy of the invoice, dated August 15, 2000 is attached for your information.
Would you kindly look into it and help us to get this settled?
We appreciate your support of the ISRC.
Sincerely,
Dan Currie
P.S. Don't forget our November 16 event on the implications of a Microsoft
breakup. We'll 
tel: 713-743-4697  fax: 713-743-4693
A I M Center for Investment Management
- Enron Invoice 2000-2001.doc
Eric,
I was examining EGM's businesses for 2001 and I wanted to ask you a question 
about your specific business.  As you examine your goals and objectives, I 
would like to know what you think I could do to help you accomplish your 
plan.  Please send me a return email with 3 specific items that I could do 
personally to add to your business.
Thanks,
Mike
John, FYI and consideration.
m
Mike, Jeff has asked that you review and respond.  Thanks, SRS
Peter S Lee@_DEVELOPMENT
11/06/2000 01:59 PM
Mr. Skilling,
We are a group of EE&CC engineers and we have an idea about trading gasoline 
online. 
Enron can trade gasoline as a commodity the same as natural gas and 
electricity.  The idea is any one can buy an amount of gasoline at a 
pre-determined price with a certain premium for an extended period.  Which 
means there is an expiration date for the investor or buyer 
When the gasoline price is low, such as last year, people are able to buy a 
certain amount of gasoline from Enron,( Enron is to negotiate with gasoline 
producer for an amount and certain price (whole sale) that Enron believes 
they can sold in a certain period of time through market study and be able to 
make the profit), say  3000 gallons regular unleaded and with 10% (the profit 
margin to be determined  by Enron) premium.  The buyer will receive a debit 
or credit card to be used to purchase the gasoline and  the amount will be 
automatically recorded  each time when they fill up the cars until the amount 
of pre-purchased gasoline is used up in that period of time (prior to the 
expiration date).  The buyers (or customer) can also sell the unused gasoline 
back to Enron anytime before the expiration day the same price they bought 
from Enron for profit if the market gas price is lower or take a loss if the 
market price is higher.   By doing this, Enron creates a market that can 
allow customers to short the gasoline when the market is high 
There are many other ways to trade the gasoline. Nevertheless, the potential 
market ( if a minimum of 50% household can sign up) is tremendous.  I 
sincerely believe that Enron has the capability to make it happen through 
existing Enron online e-business. We hope this idea has not been thought out 
before for its feasibility.
,
Peter Lee
Warren Wang
Victor Wu
Thomas Liu
CC Yang,
Justo Wang Liong 
please do.
We have been asked to put together a list of home addresses for the executive 
committee to be distributed only among its members in connection with holiday 
greeting card distribution.  If you have no problem being included on this 
list, please forward your home address to me by return email. 
Thank you, 
Katherine Brown
Joe,
I think the entire event was outstanding.  I also enjoyed it but my hand 
still hurts!  Ken went through it today at the executive committee and he 
talked about the incredible potential and the job you were doing.
Congratulations again,
mike
PS Weekly calls are a favorite of mine as you know.
Joseph P Hirl@
11/02/2000 07:16 PM
Mike,
Certainly appreciate you visiting the office and helping with the opening not the least shaking over 300 hands and breaking the barrell.  Sorry we were 
not able to spend some time discussing business.  We did get some good time 
with Jeff on Wednesday.  I understand we will now be on a weekly call.
Ken seemed to be satisfied with the opening.  His visit has done quite a lot 
for us.
thanks,
Joe
We did fall apart in baseball this year.  We are not a 1 sport team we are 
the sport team.  Football is just a tad more important then the others.  On 
last count our 7 national championships in "the" sport does add up.  By the 
way, we hold 2 national championships today, football and the mighty women's 
softball.
Sooners 2 - Rustbelt 0
m
Tim Weithman@EES
05/23/2001 08:00 AM
Stellar in the eyes of the WSU graduating class of '76.  I am not sure that 
Enron (or myself for that matter) hold the same opinion.
The Shockers current sports program sucks, but fortunately for Enron the WSU 
graduating class of '76 had some stellar students. 
As I read the USA Today on the plane back to God's country last evening, I 
noticed something very surprising.  The mighty Bucks were the #2 seed in 
their region.  Mysteriously absent were the Shockers and Sooners.  Doug, I 
guess you can still look forward to bowling season.  Mike, it is down to a 
one sport school 
Go Bucks!
t
John L Nowlan
10/31/2000 09:40 AM
Mike I will pledge 500 usd to JD and I am also pledging an additional 200 usd 
to Joyce down on our floor. I know this is an important cause to you and 
sincerely hope that your efforts and those of others succeeds in finding the 
cure.
Om, 
Sorry I am not aware of anyone in particular.  Good luck, I believe that 
there are huge opportunities for you out there.
Mike
Om Bhatia@
11/03/2000 05:08 PM
Mike - I enjoyed your presentation  and comments about Enron Global Markets 
last week.
Your comment about being passionate about things which add value to the 
company is important for success at Enron was very helpful.
I am an originator in EIM for our pulp & paper businesses. I am starting 
business development effort in Asia for Pulp & Paper which I am very excited 
about. I will be in Asia visiting potential consumers and producers in major 
countries in Asia e.g., Japan, India, Singapore, Korea, Thailand, Australia 
and others.
I would like to know if you recommend someone in Enron offices in these 
countries who may have originated businesses with major pulp & paper clients 
for other products e.g., energy or other commodities. 
Thanks for your help in advance.
Hi Nina -
It is highly doubtful that Mike will be available to attend the Art Committee 
meeting since his big 2001 budget meeting with Mr. Lay and Mr. Skilling will 
begin at 2:00 p.m. on that same day.
Can you do us a big favor and please also send the Art Committee messages to 
me.  When Mike is traveling it makes it much easier if I have been copied on 
messages that involve putting meetings on Mike calendar.
I hope all is going well for you.  Thanks so much.
Cathy P.
X-36898
This is to confirm that there will be an Art Committee meeting on Tuesday, 
November 7, at 1:30 p.m. in conference room 461 of the Enron Building.  We 
realize that some of the committee members will not be able to attend.
Patrick Wade
11/01/2000 08:25 AM
Thought you might enjoy the past and present
Cool!
m
Oh this is just too good!
Kathleen M Blevins  > Three college football coaches were flying across the country when
their
 airplane crashed and all three died. They all noticed God up in the
clouds
 sitting in a chair. God motioned for one of them to come into the
clouds.