Karen,
I just wanted to confirm that you received my resume OK.  I just noticed that I  replied to your EGM message you sent out yesterday instead of your ENA Trading Track message that I received Friday.  I just wanted to make sure that you didn't accidentally overlook it due to the wrong subject header.
Thanks,
Charlie
thanks!
PAth to deal Status is O:\NAES\NATTS\ADM\Deal Status
Margaret Jones  Charlie,  I just wanted to say thanks for coming down to watch the kids
even though both of the games were cancelled.  It meant a lot that
you'll made the attempt.  We really enjoyed having you and I hope we can
continue to get together on a more regular basis without the rest of the
world with us.  It is nice for Melissa and I to have time to visit and
it is nice for the kids to get to know each other and to have a
relationship.  I am going to teach Blake how to wrap his legs around my
waist when I carry him - I am looking forward to the birth of my
nephew.  Love, Margaret
We enjoyed ourselves and are glad that we were able to visit.  We're looking forward to you coming to our house in a few weeks
Love,
Charlie
Margaret Jones  Charlie,  I just wanted to say thanks for coming down to watch the kids
even though both of the games were cancelled.  It meant a lot that
you'll made the attempt.  We really enjoyed having you and I hope we can
continue to get together on a more regular basis without the rest of the
world with us.  It is nice for Melissa and I to have time to visit and
it is nice for the kids to get to know each other and to have a
relationship.  I am going to teach Blake how to wrap his legs around my
waist when I carry him - I am looking forward to the birth of my
nephew.  Love, Margaret
Matthew Tezyk@_DEVELOPMENT
05/07/2001 02:40 PM
Matthew Tezyk
05/07/2001 09:17 AM
Team,
Late last week, we were asked to provide a fuel oil specification sheet so fuel could be scheduled for the Site at Ft. Pierce.  The issue, currently, is we have three different specifications given to us over the past few months and are unsure which is correct.  The resolution:  we are reviewing the specifications from the air permit and specifications given to us from Mitsubishi to determine the minimum requirements, for the fuel, which we must meet for the air permit and gas turbine generator.  We anticipate this review process to be complete by the middle of this week.  If there are any questions, please feel free to contact me at 68258.
Thank you,
Matthew Tezyk
Karen,
Thanks again for taking the time to meet with me this afternoon.  I look forward to hearing from you.
Sincerely,
Charlie Weldon
FYI - I'm looking into this.  Could be my ticket but there are a few issues I have to resolve.
Charles:
We are currently looking at peotnial candiates to interview for the Trading Track.   Your name was suggested by Ed McMichael.     If you are interested in this opportunity please forward me an updated copy of your resume.
,
Karen.
x54667.
We are in the process of confirming that all traders are set up correctly and ready to trade when the system goes live. 
We need to make sure that your Stack Managers are accessing the correct database. In order to do this, we need to know how you access Stack Manager:
1) Through Terminal Server (the one that opens up a desktop within a desktop and it actually appears that you have two Start buttons or
2) By opening the Stack Manager directly from your "native" desktop.
Please reply to this message with either a corresponding "1" or a "2" in the subject field.
If you're not sure which one you have, please contact myself x39673, Teresa Mandola x39807 or Jennifer McQuade x53614 and we'll come by your desk to help you.
Thank you,
Dan Diamond
Attached in Bold are the answers to all the questions except 6 and 8.  The major outstanding issue as of right now is the final determination of specs for the fuel oil from Mitsubishi..
A couple of quick questions about the truck deliveries to the H. D. King Power plant location:
1) Do the delivering trucks need to have their own pumps?   Trucks need pumps.
2) What size lines are the trucks pumping into? 3"?     3"
3) When connecting to our lines do the trucks need anything other than standard fittings?    Standard or 3 inch disconnects
Outstanding issues:
1) Full spec sheet--especially sodium and potassium guarantees    The environmental specs are known but the specs on the turbine itself from Mitsubishi (MHI) are not known.  We cannot determine the final specs unitl the MHI requirements are known.
2) After the initial tank fill delivery availability 24 hours/day and weekends?  Always someone at plant. Can take delivery 24/7.
3) Tank fill and beyond--why not the full 1MM gallons?  Need 200K gallons to replace previously burned oil only.
4) Dyed/non dyed fuel issue--tax evaluating   Dyed
5) Identify previous diesel supplier to the plant   Coastal was previous supplier
6) Design a fuel resupply plan including prepurchase of fuel, call on transportation, buy diesel calls for expected outage periods
7) Buyer of record and credit issues with suppliers   FPUA is buyer of record
8) Tank fill price--fixed or floating? (Platt's, NYMEX, OPIS, rack price 9) Commercial start date of plan     Tank to be ready on 5/15/2001
10) Any other issue to be discussed
Eric Boyt@
05/04/2001 04:41 PM
Suzette,
I was able to fill out an evaluation form on Tuesday and submit it by E-mail.  Hopefully they will accept it OK It was nice meeting you and I wish you good luck in the admissions process.
Sincerely,
Charlie
Great.
Flossie is a Maxine, not a Max
We are planning on bringing Flossie if that's OK.
Why are energy stocks down so much today?  My only guess is because outlook for NG prices is lower...follows your theory of our price being proportional to NG price.
103!
We should make it by 6:45 plus or minus 30 minutes
Sounds like fun.
I got my offer from UBS Friday and turned it in today, signed.  The judge approved the deal Friday also so if nothing gets screwed up in the next few weeks then I should have a new employer (when the deal closes)
Have fun,
Charlie
Well it is finally decided, we are leaving for Billings, Montana Wednesday  be back Sunday.  Saw 1 by 0 the other day and another spike that needed  killing.  I ask the Game Biologist what procedure to take to get permission  to kill them.  He said to put the cross hairs on them and pull the trigger,  but first call the game warden and find out where he is.  Lot of  help.  Dad
I just deleted a bunch.  LEt me know if I need to do anymore.
Enron Avg = 90 injected
Industry avg = 86 injected
I-Bank Avg = ~72 injected (they should stick to banking)
My number is 88.
I think the market has already built in a 90 or less number.
Matt,
Would you please make sure that David gets to see this tomorrow.  Mark asked me to send this so you could print it out and have Dave look at it and then recommend would else ought to see it.  Would you plese E-mail me or call me with a list of who else needs to see this sometime tomorrow, per Mark.
Thanks,
Charlie
The following basic assumptions concerning gas capacity requirements for the Fort Pierce project were confirmed today at a meeting attended by Dave Fairley, Ed McMichael, Ruth Concannon, Mark Breese, Eric Boyt, and Charlie Weldon.   (NOTE:  The heat rates and MW are subject to change pending final engineering evaluation.  The intent of this note is to document the overall runtime assumptions.)
1) During the summertime months of May through September, the plant is expected to run 16 hours per day in a mode where  Enron's 200 MW are dispatched as are Ft. Pierce's 82MW.
2)  Enron will purchase summertime capacity only sufficient to allow running 200 MW for 16 hours per day at our "bought-down" heat rate of 6690.  This equals 22,300 MMBTU/day and will allow for taking the full daily capacity in only a 16 hour period (6% per hour)  The table below summarizes the monthly capacity requirements:
MONTH	Total Capacity Needed By Enron	Ft. Pierce Capacity (from FGU)	Phase VI Capacity 	Capacity From East Desk	
May	22,300	0	22,300	0	
June	22,300	0	22,300	0	
July	22,300	0	22,300	0	
August	22,300	0	22,300	0	
September	22,300	0	22,300	0	
NTOE:  Prior to Phase VI completion, the project will purchase capacity from the East Desk.
3)  Ft. Pierce will use its existing FT via FGU to secure its gas requirements at the 9500 contractual heat rate for the 16 hours it is dispatched in the summer.
4)  For the winter months of October through April, the plant is expected to run 16 hours per day in a mode where Ft. Pierce is not dispatched, thus leaving Enron with 282MW at the overall plant heat rate of 7500.  This equates to 35,251 MMBTU/day and allows for taking the full capacity in only 16 hours (6% per hour)
5)  Because Ft. Pierce will not be dispatched during the winter, their unused capacity via FGU will be available for Enron.  These amounts differ by month as summarized in the table below.
6) Enron will purchase wintertime capacity only sufficient to allow running 282 MW for 16 hours per day at a 7500 heat rate, less the monthly capacities available from Ft. Pierce via FGU.  These non-FGU purchased quantities will come from the Phase VI capacity and the East Desk as shown below:
MONTH	Total Capacity Needed By Enron	Ft. Pierce Capacity (from FGU)	Phase VI Capacity (Nov-Mar = 28% of Summer)	Capacity From East Desk	
October	35,251	14,665	22,300	0	
November	35,251	14,595	6,244	14,412	
December	35,251	14,895	6,244	14,112	
January	35,251	16,547	6,244	12,460	
February	35,251	15,317	6,244	13,690	
March	35,251	15,317	6,244	13,690	
April	35,251	15,317	22,300	0	
NOTE:  Prior to Phase VI completion , the project will purchase capacity from the East Desk.
7)  Backup documentation supporting the hourly gas requirement in each dispatch mode is attached to this memo.
The University of Texas at Austin
TEXASMBA
Admission Visit Initiative Candidate Critique Form
Alumni / Program Contact Name:   V. Charles Weldon
Alumni / Program Contact Id (SSN):   *********Graduation Year:  2000
Applicant Name: Suzette Emmons
UT Id (SSN Visit Location:  Houston
Visit Date:  4/30/01
Trait Description	Rating (1 through 4)	Comments  Communication Skills    	         1	Very strong and effective communicator.	
Poise / Confidence    	         1	No problem here.  Suzette is quite confident without being cocky.	
Leadership Potential   	         1	 It is very easy to imagine Suzette in a leadership role.	
Personality / Enthusiasm    	         1	Very energetic and ascited about the possibility of being   a Texas MBA student.	
Maturity    	         2	She should not have any problem mixing with older, more-experienced students.	
Clarity of Professional Focus    	         2	Seems very focused on the potential opportunities following receiving an MBA degree, but is still open-minded 
Please provide the Admission Committee with a brief narrative overview of your AdmissionVisit dialogue. You may use this opportunity to elaborate further on the above rankings. 
We had a very comfortable and open exchange of information regarding her work experience and views on current business topics.  She is well-seasoned in dealing with complex business issues and would very likely be ahead of many of her fellow students.  She exudes confidence yet remains open to new ideas and ways of thinking.  I have no reservation in saying that Suzette would flourish at UT and contribute significantly to the overall quality of the class.
Do you believe this candidate is a good match for the culture and strengths of the TEXASMBA program? Please elaborate on any reservations you may have. 
Suzette is definitely a good match for the Texas MBA program.  She is a high energy, very results-oriented individual with a tremendous track record of successful accomplishments.  Her personality is very conducive to working in a diverse team environment and I see no issue that would prevent her from being a top-notch MBA student at UT.
We'll be there Friday night and plan to spend the night.  If Elizabeth would rather spend the night with her friend, that's fine.  Hunter can play with Travis that night and be plenty happy.
Love,
Charlie
The following basic assumptions concerning gas capacity requirements for the Fort Pierce project were confirmed today at a meeting attended by Dave Fairley, Ed McMichael, Ruth Concannon, Mark Breese, Eric Boyt, and Charlie Weldon.   (NOTE:  The heat rates and MW are subject to change pending final engineering evaluation.  The intent of this note is to document the overall runtime assumptions.)
1) During the summertime months of May through September, the plant is expected to run 16 hours per day in a mode where  Enron's 200 MW are dispatched as are Ft. Pierce's 82MW.
2)  Enron will purchase summertime capacity only sufficient to allow running 200 MW for 16 hours per day at our "bought-down" heat rate of 6690.  This equals 22,300 MMBTU/day and will allow for taking the full daily capacity in only a 16 hour period (6% per hour)  The table below summarizes the monthly capacity requirements:
MONTH	Total Capacity Needed By Enron	Ft. Pierce Capacity (from FGU)	Phase VI Capacity 	Capacity From East Desk	
May	22,300	0	22,300	0	
June	22,300	0	22,300	0	
July	22,300	0	22,300	0	
August	22,300	0	22,300	0	
September	22,300	0	22,300	0	
NTOE:  Prior to Phase VI completion, the project will purchase capacity from the East Desk.
3)  Ft. Pierce will use its existing FT via FGU to secure its gas requirements at the 9500 contractual heat rate for the 16 hours it is dispatched in the summer.
4)  For the winter months of October through April, the plant is expected to run 16 hours per day in a mode where Ft. Pierce is not dispatched, thus leaving Enron with 282MW at the overall plant heat rate of 7500.  This equates to 35,251 MMBTU/day and allows for taking the full capacity in only 16 hours (6% per hour)
5)  Because Ft. Pierce will not be dispatched during the winter, their unused capacity via FGU will be available for Enron.  These amounts differ by month as summarized in the table below.
6) Enron will purchase wintertime capacity only sufficient to allow running 282 MW for 16 hours per day at a 7500 heat rate, less the monthly capacities available from Ft. Pierce via FGU.  These non-FGU purchased quantities will come from the Phase VI capacity and the East Desk as shown below:
MONTH	Total Capacity Needed By Enron	Ft. Pierce Capacity (from FGU)	Phase VI Capacity (Nov-Mar = 28% of Summer)	Capacity From East Desk	
October	35,251	14,665	22,300	0	
November	35,251	14,595	6,244	14,412	
December	35,251	14,895	6,244	14,112	
January	35,251	16,547	6,244	12,460	
February	35,251	15,317	6,244	13,690	
March	35,251	15,317	6,244	13,690	
April	35,251	15,317	22,300	0	
NOTE:  Prior to Phase VI completion , the project will purchase capacity from the East Desk.
7)  Backup documentation supporting the hourly gas requirement in each dispatch mode is attached to this memo.
Attached is the latest pricing as of Friday's close for the Stagecoach deal.  Load factors have been adjusted per your request to give a 50% minimum.
The new indicative price, applying spreads from previous quotes, is now $4.82.   (Note that the market is off significantly today so this quote will likely be a few pennies higher than one you would get in the live market right now)
Thanks,
Charlie
The Zapalac family is on the move.  As of May 15th, we will be living in Houston.  I am just a few weeks away from finishing my graduate degree.  After graduation I will be working in Houston for the El Paso Corporation. =20
New Address:=20
3622 Drummond=20
Houston, TX 77025=20
Phone: (713) 661-8689=20
email: will.zapalac@bus.utexas.edu              (will not change/permanent)=20
email: stacey.zapalac@alumni.utexas.net (permanent)=20
Will Zapalac=20
University of Texas Graduate School of Business=20
512.347.7309=20
Same as before except changed cob date to 4/27 instead of 4/24 on quote sheet.
I'm not sure.  WE're going to the Astros tonight and are working on the nursery I think.  Other than that, not much
Do you have his home phone 
Thanks!
Charlie
2%!
Suzette,
Monday morning should work.  Just give me a call.  I'm tied up in the p.m. but a.m. should work.
Charlie
Charlie 
I am in an off site vendor meeting this morning and hope to be in the office later this afternoon.  Unfortunately, I am out of town on Friday (I am actually headed to Austin for a visit).  But could perhaps do something Monday morning, if I can't get to the office in time this afternoon.  Let me know your availability.  Thanks so much.
Suzette
Suzette D. Emmons
Enron Broadband Services
713-853-9266 - Office
713-304-6758 - Cell
Suzette_Emmons@.net
Sent by:	Enron Announcements@
Enron announces UNLIMITED discounted AstroWorld tickets for employees.
Due to overwhelming employee feedback, we have negotiated unlimited discounted AstroWorld tickets for you and your family in place of the traditional "Enron Day At AstroWorld."  We hope this will allow Enron families to plan their fun-filled summer trips to AstroWorld at their own convenience.  Enron AstroWorld tickets are $20.56 (Retail $50), which includes admission for one, plus a $7 meal ticket to one of five restaurants at AstroWorld.
Six Flags AstroWorld is a world-class family entertainment complex filled with exciting rides and attractions, including 10 heart-pounding coasters, over  40 blockbuster shows, interactive street entertainers and star-studded concerts.  Enron families will be able to purchase unlimited tickets for use anytime during the 2001 season.
Tickets will be on sale at Enron's Federal Credit Union, EB0399.  Visit the credit union in person to make your purchases.  AstroWorld tickets will not be mailed.  Enron employees who are not already Enron FCU members may pay by cash or money order only.  All Enron Employees are encouraged to take advantage of this great summer fun deal and may purchase tickets through August 30th.
Bobby Eberle  Sent by:	eberle@aquarius.jsc.nasa.gov
Memos are attached.
- memo1.doc 
- memo2.doc 
Bobby Eberle  Sent by:	eberle@aquarius.jsc.nasa.gov
Hey Dude,
If you are interested in checking out the new message board, read the
e-mail below.
Bobby
Greetings,
The folks who are getting this e-mail include state editors, some folks
who have been following the web site closely, and recent posters to our
current message board.
I need your help testing out a new section of the GOPUSA.com web site,
and I hope you will participate.
In the past, GOPUSA.com has not made the proper effort that it should in
promoting its message board.  This is unfortunate, and it's about to
change.  If you notice, despite the fact that GOPUSA.com has not
promoted the board at all, it has received a number of posting over the
last several months.
Now, in our effort to really build a GOPUSA community, we are completely
redesigning the message board!  The new message board is called the
GOPUSA.com Forum.  It uses much better software than we had before, and
it is much more versatile:
* Users will actually register and be assigned a password.  This
password will be sent to them so that e-mail addresses can't be bogus.
The users e-mail address, however, does not have to appear on his/her
posts.
* There is a personal message section on the board in which a registered
user can leave a message for another registered user.
* There is an Announcements section where GOPUSA.com can post new news
and information.
* There are varying levels of "members" depending on how many posts a
user has made.
* There are icons incorporated on the board for many symbols.
* There is a lot more as well 
So, what we need to do is thoroughly test out the board.  My plan is to
launch it with an announcement in the Monday morning edition of the
Eagle.  So we need to do as much testing as we can this week.  Then,
late Saturday or Sunday, I'll clean out all the test messages, and open
it up to you guys to start posting real messages.
Here's what I'd like you to do:
* Go to the GOPUSA.com Forum at
* Register with the Forum
* You'll get a password which you can easily change to a different
password in your "profile"
* Make some posts to the existing topics.  These posts don't have to be
related to the topic.  We're simply testing at this point.  The post
can, however, contain your opinions about the board, etc.
* Please e-mail me if you can participate in the testing.
* Please e-mail me (and post to the board) your ideas on topics.  A
could place for comparison is  
* Consider the idea on having state specific categories (a California
section, etc.) or just general categories like I have now.  Please give
me your thoughts on this.
* Test out all the features you can on the board.  If you see graphics
that don't "fit" with the layout, please let me know.  I'm customizing
the graphics to fit the GOPUSA.com theme, but I haven't changed all of
them yet.
* Don't comment on the fact that the links aren't working on the general
GOPUSA.com page that contains the Forum.  This is just a template of the
new layout, and it will be working Monday.
Thank you so much for your help on this.  Time is of the essence, and I
apologize for the late start on this.  It was not the orignial plan.  We
are going to make a big effort to build a GOPUSA community, and I know
the Forum will play a large role.
Take care, and please let me know if you have any questions.
Bobby
--
Robert R. Eberle, Ph.D.
GOPUSA.com, Inc.
Bringing the conservative message to the Internet
E-mail:  bobby.eberle@gopusa.com
Web  
yeah, I'm not sure I'm going to fork out the $60 to take my family now, versus $15 and being less crowded.
thanks
My supervisor is Ed Mc Michael.
Eric and I will come by ~4:00.  Thanks,  Charlie
We are going to talk with Shankman tomorrow and so was wondering if you could refresh the prices for the collars in the attached file.  Fairly similar to what we priced yesterday, but we only have 2 volume increments.  Also, we need to price this as an annual deal with 1 exercise at the end of each calendar year.  (2010 would be exercised on 12/31/2010).  Also, we need to refresh the fixed price quotes on the last sheet in the attached file as well.  These prices I asked John Griffith about last friday.  Use tonights close if you don't mind.
Please let me know if you have any questions 
Thanks again,
eric
ConsumerCare@autobytel.com on 04/20/2001 07:35:30 AM
TO        : charlie weldon, Houston, TX
E-MAIL    : v.charles.weldon@
CUSTOMER #: 6048850
Dear charlie,
Autobytel.com Customer Service would like to thank you for selecting our company to assist with your request for a 2001 Chevrolet Tahoe.
Based upon the residence information you provided to us, your request has been assigned to the following Autobytel.com Accredited Dealer in your area:
*** Mac Haik Chevrolet ***  in Houston, TX.
Mac Haik Chevrolet will provide you with a pleasant buying experience and a great value.  The trained Autobytel.com Manager at Mac Haik Chevrolet, that will be contacting you within one (1) business day*, is Barry Cook.
For the names and locations of other Autobytel Accredited Dealers  to service your request, please refer to the dealer listing below. In contacting them, please make sure that you ask specifically for the Autobytel.com Manager whose name and phone number is listed.
To assist you further, we invite you to visit our Finance page and let us help you save even more money on the purchase or  lease of your new or used vehicle.  To receive a free no-obligation quote from multiple lending institutions who are all competing for your business, with one secure and easy application, simply go to  
It is important to us that you have a quality experience.  Please ask for our assistance if you have not heard from the initially assigned dealer within two (2)business days of sending in your purchase request, or if any of your other expectations have not been met.
You may reach your Customer Service Specialist by e-mailing: ConsumerCare@autobytel.com, or by phone at (888) 422-8999.
Sincerely,
Autobytel.com Customer Service
You may also contact any of the following Accredited Autobytel.com Dealers to assist you with your vehicle request:
Covert Country of Taylor: Hutto, TX - Contact Winston "Flash" Gordon at (512) 759-1515
Randall Noe Chevrolet Pontiac Oldsmobile: Kaufman, TX - Contact Faron Young at (972) 932-2195
Covert Chevrolet - Oldsmobile: Bastrop, TX - Contact Bruce Evans at (800) 937-7076
Covert Chevrolet - Oldsmobile: Bastrop, TX - Contact Bruce Evans at (800) 937-7076
Van Chevrolet - Geo: Carrollton, TX - Contact Charles Hoskins at (972) 389-6700
Graff Chevrolet: Grand Prairie, TX - Contact Gerald Hatley at (972) 343-1216
Mac Haik Chevrolet: Houston, TX - Contact Barry Cook at (281) 497-6600
Norman Frede Chevrolet Company: Houston, TX - Contact Justin McGaughey at (281) 486-2200
Robbins Nissan: Humble, TX - Contact Jim Massey at (281) 446-3181
El Dorado Chevrolet: Mc Kinney, TX - Contact Don Kennedy at (972) 569-0101
J K Chevrolet: Nederland, TX - Contact James McNutt at (409) 722-0443 x336
Reliable Chevrolet II, LP: Richardson, TX - Contact Steve Lumbley at (972) 952-1500
Kellogg Chevrolet - Honda: San Benito, TX - Contact Skip Maggard at (956) 399-2491
Champion Chevrolet: Austin, TX - Contact Melissa Hornsby at (512) 345-7890
Musser Motors: Terrell, TX - Contact Roger Cermack at (972) 524-2663
Rudolph Automotive Corporation Inc.: El Paso, TX - Contact Greg Deitch at (915) 534-9995
Coleman Autoplex: Gatesville, TX - Contact Jim Ed Draper at (254) 865-8941
*If you did not submit a purchase request through Autobytel.com, we apologize for sending this e-mail in error.  Please reply to this message and type "REMOVE" in the subject line.  We will remove your e-mail address from our files within five business days, and you will not receive any further correspondence pertaining to this purchase request.
Santiago Garcia@
04/18/2001 05:21 PM
Guaranteed guys, it's a classic!
Santiago
Stayton PettyJohn  Hey Charlie,
I responded to your cweldon@houston.rr.com  address yesterday and it came back undeliverable...not sure what is up but
anyway 
How's everything going with you and the family? How is Melissa feeling? Mom
said they had a great time visiting with everyone over Easter weekend. I am
sorry we could not be there. How was your Easter? We had probably the best
set of Holy Week services we have ever had.
How is work going? Are you still having to put in quite a few more hours
these days?
My job is going well. I am starting to settle a bit into my new position,
but am still working through some transition issues from my old position. I
think that I will like doing this new job quite a bit. I have good people to
work with. Our church band is really starting to come together...I am really
excited. We are hoping to have a concert on May 19th or June 2nd (depending
on a business trip I may or may not need to take). Mom and Dad are coming up
to see the concert. You all had talked about coming up sometime in the
spring...do you have any dates in mind?
Well, I've got to run...I have bonuses to calculate and a meeting to get
ready for. You all take care...give Melissa and Hunter a hug from all of us.
All our love...stayton
P.S. What is your take on TI these days? I am planning on getting some more
Enron stock soon and want to know if you are still high on TI...slpj
- Tech Tools.gif 
The curves in this file were off by a month since April is no longer valid.  See the attached file for the correct prices and months.
Charlie
Here are the updated curves as of last nights close.  Let me know if you need anything else. 
Charlie
Here are the updated curves as of last nights close.  Let me know if you need anything else. 
Charlie
John,
Attached is the estimated notional bid for the 10-year term gas (9/2001-8/2011) delivered per your proposed project with National Fuel.
The bid as of Tuesday's closing prices comes to $4.63/MMBTU with the following assumptions:
1)  Per Goeff Storey, the basis spread is zero from the mid using the CGPR-Niagara curve.
2)  National Fuel will deliver the gas on the NFG system at Niagara.  The desired point per Storey would be on TCPL/Niagara system on the Canadian side of the border and hence a 5 cent discount has been applied for transport.    It is possible that it could be negotiated with NFG to deliver the gas on the TCPL/Niagara system.
3) Nymex bid is six cents off the mid for a ten year quote of this (small) size.
Let me know if you have any further questions.
Thanks,
Charlie
Dear Charles- 
Thank you for forwarding your resume with regard to the ENA Trading Track.   We will be scheduling interviews for May 30th (Wednesday) from 1.00 pm to c. 4 pm whereby you will be interviewed by approximately 4/5 Traders.
I would be grateful if you would enter this time in your calendar.   Full-details of Location/Interviewers/confirmed times etc will follow shortly.
If there are any questions with regard to the Trading Track itself , please call Karen on x 54667.
Kind 
Adrianne 
Karen 
HR - EWS
x 54667
GOOD JOB 
Looks like it's going to 0.
I do think that more of the trades will ultimately have to be changed, but no 
one else has said anything yet.
No problem
Volume won't affect relative profitability.  It just scales the profit or 
loss.  Increasing the number of transactions always results in more profit Increasing volume just makes the numbers bigger.
We looked into this, and I have another call with them tomorrow.  So far it 
looks like they are long the balance of the year.
your volume comparison chart is off by a factor of 10.  each contract is 1000 
bbls.
i assumed it was intentional, but wanted to make sure.  for the moment it 
works, but if our volumes continue to rise, we need to move to absolute 
numbers
Joe,
I have slotted you 90 minutes w/Greg on Wednesday @ 4:00 p.m.  Greg is 
scheduled to participate in a Houston conference call @ 5:30 p.m.  You guys 
are connecting again for dinner.  Please let me know the time and location 
for dinner on Wednesday night.  Also, Greg says his schedule is open enough 
that he would like to hang out on the floor w/you and your guys.  He will be 
officing over by John Sherriff and the mobile number he's carrying is +44  
7901516638.
Many Thanks,
Liz Taylor 
This has been reviewed by HR and Gene Humphrey.  Please respond with any 
comments.  It is intended to go out on Tuesday at noon.  I will have the 
reorg group meeting Tuesday morning.
KG
Announcing the Formation of One Corporate Equity Investing Unit
To better develop and manage equity investment opportunities related to our 
core businesses, Enron has formed one corporate equity investment unit.  This 
new unit, Enron Principal Investments, will combine the existing investment 
units of ENA, EBS and Enron Investment Partners.  Additionally, the Enron 
Wholesale Restructuring Group will also become part of Enron Principal 
Investments.  The strategy of Enron Principal Investments will be to work 
with the all the business units of Enron to identify, execute, and manage 
equity investments, which leverage the Enron's unique and proprietary 
knowledge.   These investments may be in the form of venture capital, LBO's, 
traditional private equity and distressed debt positions 
Kevin Garland will serve as Managing Director of Enron Principal Investments, 
overseeing all of its activities.  Gene Humphrey, Michael Miller, Richard 
Lydecker, and their groups, will join Kevin and his group to form this new 
investments unit.
This new investment unit will report to Greg Whalley, in his capacity as an 
Enron Policy Committee member.  Please join me in congratulating and 
supporting Kevin, Gene, Michael, Richard and the other members of this group 
in this effort.
Jeff Skilling
Hi Richard,
Per my voicemail, are you available for at least an hour to meet w/Greg 
Whalley while he is in London?  He is wide open on Thursday.  Please advise.
Many Thanks,
Liz Taylor - E.A. to Greg Whalley
What is the structured derivatives portfolio and what is in it?
Hi Matthew,
Greg will be in the London office from early Tuesday afternoon through 
end-of-business day on Thursday, June 7.  Are you available to meet w/him for 
about an hour? He's available Tuesday afternoon until 5:00 p.m.  Wednesday 
there are a few slots available, and Thursday he is wide open.  Please 
advise.  If you could e-mail me your availability that would be great.  Also, 
Greg will be carrying mobile number +44 7901516638.
Many Thanks,
Liz Taylor
Hi Drew,
Greg will be in the London office from early Tuesday afternoon through 
end-of-business day on Thursday, June 7.  Are you available to meet w/him for 
about an hour? He's available Tuesday afternoon until 5:00 p.m.  Wednesday 
there are a few slots available, and Thursday he is wide open.  If you could 
e-mail me your availability that would be great.  Also, Greg will be carrying 
mobile number +44 7901516638.
Many Thanks,
Liz Taylor
Fernley,
Per my voicemail, are you available to meet w/Greg Whalley on Thursday, June 
5 for about an hour?
Many Thanks,
Liz Taylor 
call liz and get on my calendar.  maybe we can grab lunch or something.  i 
heard about the ag meeting.  sounds like things could have gone better, but 
it also sounds like jeff was a little difficult.  he never has liked the 
notion of that business though.  i'll try to explain it next week.
greg
don't know about the relationship with dave,  you'll have to work on that one.
i will talk to stan, but i can't believe he has any interest in developing 
power plants anywhere.
Portland General did just get a dash approved for building about 45 mw in 
oregon.  Stan Horton called me about it, and he was going to have someone in 
Portland (i'll remember the name in a minute)  call tim belden about our 
fundamental analysis of the region.
Stan also mentioned the there is an unregulated side of PGE that is enterring 
into these transactions.  He wondered if that part of PGE should belong in 
EWS.  Talk to tim and we'll decide how to approach that next week.
Fun Fun Fun
John,
I hate to whine, but 
EES:
Duran and I talked with Delainey yesterday.  It seems as though we are 
setting up one centralized trading/risk function but we will have overlapping 
origination functions.  I am sure I can work with whatever arrangement you 
make with Dave, but it seems as though we will be tripping over each other in 
the market.  Industrial coverage seems easy, but they want to call on IOU's 
and Munis in order to buy customers.  These are fundamentally large, 
structured short positions that are very similar to what we have been and are 
pitching 
Transport/Operations Eric Gadd came back from London and reports to Stan Horton.  He heads up an 
Asset Development group that is focusing on, among other things, power plant 
development in the southwest.  This sounds crazy - do you want to call Stan 
or should I?
Portland General:
They are developing generation in Oregon that is competing with one of our 
projects.  No one in RAC has heard of this yet.  Not a big deal, I will call 
Peggy Fowler, but thought you should be aware.
,
Chris
by this ratio the rest ot the power group is really underperforming 
This 250K came from about 3 MW.
We tried all day to sell this volume below.  Market is extremely illiquid, 
given Annex V uncertainty and other regulatory issues: generators believe 
Parente will help them out in May, while LDCs look at their contracts and 
reduced demand.  However AES Sul accepted to buy this volume at 25% discount 
to May spot price, payment on June 25th.  We will net about R$600,000 
(US$250,000) between sale and purchase prices.  Credit is OK.
We will keep a very small, long position at MAE settlement for May.
Remi
Luis Berti
06/04/2001 05:39 PM
This is to inform that we have closed 2.200 MWh for May to AES Sul at 25% 
discount rate against spot price at southeast sub-market to be paid on Jun 
25th.
Berti
where are you right now?  i am in london.  are you around?
Greg:
I will be in Houston next Wed/Thu 13-14 Jun.  Any chance we could get 
together to discuss life, Enron, and associated concepts?  Let me know what 
times would suit.
Many thanks,
Stu
you should look into this.  not that there are necessarily violations, but 
there have to at least be questions.  i used to get a curve report that 
showed curve graphs on a volume bar chart.  have you looked at anything like 
that lately?  you can find problems with a pretty quick scan.
This person hasn't found a violation in a year.  I find that hard to believe.
this announcement has not gone out for that reason.  we have had a number of 
discussions about it since this was drafted and there seems to be some 
concern about it being inside one of the business units since it is supposed 
to handle investments across the company and would be bringing the EBS assets 
with it.  your suggestion that it might report to andy has some merit, but 
there may be other options.  what would you think if we established an 
investment committee consisting of me, rice, and delainey and made garland 
responsible to that group.  we would have all of the relevent business units 
represented and the p&l would ultimately be allocated to the one in which the 
investment originated.  do you think that would work?  it might go a long way 
to satisfying all constituents.
I Shouldn't Kevin report into the OTC for wholesale as we discussed?  Mark 
This has been reviewed by HR and Gene Humphrey.  Please respond with any 
comments.  It is intended to go out on Tuesday at noon.  I will have the 
reorg group meeting Tuesday morning.
KG
Announcing the Formation of One Corporate Equity Investing Unit
To better develop and manage equity investment opportunities related to our 
core businesses, Enron has formed one corporate equity investment unit.  This 
new unit, Enron Principal Investments, will combine the existing investment 
units of ENA, EBS and Enron Investment Partners.  Additionally, the Enron 
Wholesale Restructuring Group will also become part of Enron Principal 
Investments.  The strategy of Enron Principal Investments will be to work 
with the all the business units of Enron to identify, execute, and manage 
equity investments, which leverage the Enron's unique and proprietary 
knowledge.   These investments may be in the form of venture capital, LBO's, 
traditional private equity and distressed debt positions 
Kevin Garland will serve as Managing Director of Enron Principal Investments, 
overseeing all of its activities.  Gene Humphrey, Michael Miller, Richard 
Lydecker, and their groups, will join Kevin and his group to form this new 
investments unit.
This new investment unit will report to Greg Whalley, in his capacity as an 
Enron Policy Committee member.  Please join me in congratulating and 
supporting Kevin, Gene, Michael, Richard and the other members of this group 
in this effort.
Jeff Skilling
i have a question on my p&l.  how did the hedge book make money on change in 
price when it was long and the market went down?
I am sorry that I have not talked to Andrew, though I have called twice.  As 
I'm sure you know, lately I have been a little distracted.  I'll try to 
contact him next week.
Greg
sorry about that,  i forgot that the options are held in that book.  i dont 
have any questions.
Attached is a draft of the organizational announcement.  Please provide 
comments.
KG
Announcing the Formation of One Corporate Equity Investing Unit
To better develop and manage equity investment opportunities related to our 
core businesses, Enron has formed one corporate equity investment unit.  This 
new unit, Enron Principal Investments, will combine the existing investment 
units of ENA, EBS and Enron Investment Partners.  Additionally, the Enron 
Special Asset Group will also become part of Enron Principal Investments The strategy of Enron Principal Investments will be to work with the all the 
business units of Enron to identify, execute, and manage equity investments, 
which leverage the Enron's unique and proprietary knowledge.   These 
investments may be in the form of venture capital, LBO's, traditional private 
equity and distressed debt positions 
Kevin Garland will serve as Managing Director, overseeing all activities of 
Enron Principal Investments.  Gene Humphrey, Michael Miller, Dick Lydecker, 
and their groups, will join Kevin and his group to form this new investments 
unit.
This new group will report to an investment committee consisting of Greg 
Whalley, Ken Rice, and Dave Delainey.  Please join me in congratulating and 
supporting Kevin, Gene, Michael, Dick and the other members of this group in 
this effort.
Jeff Skilling
Greg Whalley's four diamond level Astros tickets, plus parking pass, are 
available for the games listed below.  Please advise me, asap,  if you have 
an interest 
Many Thanks,
Liz Taylor x31935
COL  Wednesday, June 20 @ 7:05 p.m.
CIN  Thursday, June 21 @ 7:05 p.m.
Subject: Whalley's Budget Meeting
Date:  Tuesday, June 12
Time:  11:00 a.m. CST
Location: EB32C2
Please notify me only if you are unable to attend. 
Many Thanks,
Liz Taylor x31935
he's a trip
great job!!
Subject: Enron Wholesale Budget Meeting
Date:  Tuesday, June 19
Time:  11:00 a.m. CST
Location: EB32C2
would you have any interest?
Greg - here is Randy's resume. He is the guy I was telling you about on 
Friday as we were walking out of the building. I think he could make Enron a 
lot of money.
Basil
how did my august position change?  i didn't trade any august today.
Sorry I took so long to respond, but if they are still interested, I would 
like to learn more about it.
I'll try to give you a call tomorrow
heard a rumor that EIX may file for bankruptcy on wednesday.
They do look tight.  But after a $2 drop, you'd have to expect it to pinch Seems like, unless things really fall out of bed, this spread should widen 
from here.  Even if the front stays relatively unchanged.
Sounds like a good idea to me
I'm not still short QQQ.  I covered at 68 1/2 in the after market while we 
were on the phone, after the Florida supreme court statement.
The world has gone truly crazy about CA energy prices.
Not expecting any job changes due to the Skilling/Lay thing.  But a lot of 
people are giving me shit anyway.  The recent reorganization that gave me my 
current job was done so that Skilling wouldn't have to put anyone in the COO 
position.
Pls. join a meeting in Greg's office today at 4:15 p.m. today to discuss management's recommendation to the Board of Directors on Project Southwood.  Thanks.  Paula 
I'm not sure this memo doesn't get you even more noise.   Can't you just get around to your leaders and explain what you are doing?  The memo sounds too negative and could damage morale further.
Mark and Steve - Jackie spoke with Mark about the letter below that we would like to send out to Enron Europe and she indicated you had some concerns which is exactly why we want to be decussing this with you.  We have really tried to couch this letter in terms of  the annual budget process and had not intended on sending it out this soon.  But the noise level associated with our internal budget meetings (where we are asking virtually every group for some level of cuts)  is really growing.  I have discussed this with Mark Frevert and sent to Greg (but not heard back from Greg yet).  If we get concurrance then we hope to send out to our employees on Monday.  Your thoughts?
John
DRAFT MESSAGE
Enron has had a very good year to date and we at Enron Europe have played a significant role in this success.  Although Enron's recurring earnings have increased quarter on quarter for the past five years - a 20% annual growth rate since 1997, along with other companies, Enron's stock price has fallen over the past year.  Of course the September 11th terrorist attacks have impacted the financial markets and many of our counterparties are quite involved in managing the insurance, security and other financial consequences of global financial tightening.  This makes it tougher to get new business solutions first and foremost on our customers' agendas.
Enron is still the leading buyer and seller of gas and power in Europe and we believe that we will be affected less than other companies, but we are not immune to tough economic conditions.  If we are to maintain past growth levels and rebuild our share value, we need to focus very closely on our cost base in the current round of Enron Corp. budget reviews.
We will also be analysing much more closely exactly which businesses we derive our earnings from and concentrating our resources on those areas.  We will be taking decisions to put some projects on the "back burner"and reduce the scope of others.
This will inevitably mean that we need to reduce our headcount both in commercial and commercial support groups as we seek to identify the best mix of skills to keep our earnings growth on track.  Whenever possible we will seek opportunities to move employees from units that are tightening to those that are growing but we still expect a net drop in our headcount.  We hope to complete this exercise and communicate the outcome as quickly as possible so that everyone knows where they stand.
We know that this is a tough time for everyone at the moment.  We all have concerns about what is going on in the world and we are taking whatever steps that we reasonably can to keep our people safe.  We are making changes to ensure tighter building security and soon we will be telling you about  changes in our IT network designed to make it more secure from computer virus attacks.
Please feel free to contact either of us, but also talk to your supervisor about any specific concerns you have and remember that you can also make use of the confidential counselling service that is available through HR Online via the Enron Europe intranet site.
We firmly believe that if we work hard together now to achieve these efficiencies, we will create a stronger, more flexible team at Enron which will be better placed than ever to grow our business in Europe and that is the game that we are committed to - a fast growing, profitable and successful company.
John Sherriff & Michael Brown
ya think?     these guys wanted to pitch me on what they can do to track afgan weather.  i don't see how we could possibly make money with that!!
ouR GUYS ARE GETTING A LITTLE CARRIED AWAY.
John,
Video is 3 minutes
Bottom line: No weather-related reasons that would preclude military operations next 72 hours (from 8am tomorrow forward)
Excellent weather (clear skies, clean frontal passage, good temperature differentials for IR target tracking as well as optics)
- Mike
i know that power will open at 6:30.  will the gas markets be open then?  we figured that we might go with 7 so that both were open.
Lavo said 6:30am?  We will have 7:00am on the home page - let me know (or Jay Webb if it wants changing.)
First quote from Greg should read:  "We see no reason for gas and power markets to become unstable in the aftermath of yesterday's tragedies 
See draft release for first thing in the am.
Enron Appeals for Calm in US Natural Gas and Power Markets
Enron appealed today for calm in US natural gas and power markets.  Enron will be available to buy and sell natural gas and power both over the phone and through its online platform Enrononline.
"We see no reason for gas and power markets to panic in the aftermath of yesterday's tragedies," said Greg Whalley, President and Chief Operating Officer.  "These are domestic commodities and the physical infrastructure is secure and operating."
Enrononline will be open for gas and power transactions from 7:00 am to 12:00 noon, CDT to enable market participants to make purchases and sales and adjust their positions as necessary.
[boilerplate] 
Do You Yahoo!?
Get email alerts & NEW webcam video instant messaging with Yahoo! Messenger.
- whalleyinsights2.doc  
sorry it took me so long to get back to you.  i will probably get to calgary again sometime this month.  i'll let you know when and maybe we can get together.
greg
Dear Greg, I think I might not have the right email.  I'll try this one.
 Sent: Thursday, July 05, 2001 7:49 AM
 Subject:      Greetings