- GC 2000 Update 1_31_00.pdf
- Sponsorship Tiers GC 2000pdf1.pdf.pdf
Hi Liz -
The reason Ken and Linda were trying to reach you from the plane was that 
they had some suggestions for the hotel rooms and wanted you to know their 
preference.  They would like to give the Jasmine Suite that they are 
currently in to the Vittors with a connecting bedroom, to take care of their 
family.
They would like Mark and Natalie to have the end or corner suite that the 
Vittors have.
Ken and Linda said that they would prefer two connecting rooms, hopefully on 
the 3rd or 4th floor.  They would like for the rooms to have the ocean view 
on the North side.  If that isn't possible, it would be o.k. to overlook the 
pool, but they would not really like the south side as it wouldn't be as 
quiet.  The two rooms would give them everything they need, with 2 baths.
They said they can be reached in Switzerland tomorrow.  The Hotel Meierhof's 
phone number is:  41-81-416-82-85, Fax is:  41-81-416-39-82.  They should 
arrive in Davos about 9:00 a.m.
I know you will have a beautiful and wonderful wedding!!  Thank you so much 
for including me on the Save the Date list.  I feel honored!  Unfortunately, 
we won't be able to come.   Our "first" anniversary is June 3, but was 1961!!
Take care and call if we can do anything.
Rosie
Hi Liz -
Will you please give your Dad a call at the office at your earliest 
convenience.
Rosie
Not interested
service@sbsubscriber.com on 01/20/2000 11:08:58 AM
We're sorry the web site address embedded in the email we sent you yesterday 
contained an error.  Please try again using the revised address shown in the 
text below.
Thank you
Dear Kenneth L. Lay:
Great news!  Your copy of 'Strategy & Business' issue 18 is in the mail This quarter's edition is our first double-issue, and offers 'Strategy Business' subscribers a powerful reality-check on the single most important 
topic on the CEO Agenda today - E-Commerce.
Not so great news!  This issue of 'Strategy & Business' may be your last Postal and audit regulations strictly limit the number of complimentary 
copies we can serve.  Recently we emailed you to ask for confirmation that 
you would like to continue your subscription. If you have not already done so 
please do so now by visiting our Subscriber Services Center at 
.0 and following the simple instructions there.  It will only take a few 
moments, and will insure that you don't miss a single issue of the magazine 
that brings you the Best Ideas in Business.
Sincerely
Bev Chaloux
Circulation Director
PS:  You can also use our Subscriber Services Center to order extra copies of 
Strategy & Business, change your delivery address, or notify us of any 
delivery problems.  Try it.  And let me have your views on how it works.
Please remove from distribution.
Over the past week I have heard from many thoughtful and concerned citizens
about their opinions on Chief Kroeker.  About an hour ago, I held a news
conference to release the statement below in response.  I wanted to make
sure you were able to read it in its entirety.
You are a part of my e-Katz list because of your work with me or my
administration.  To be removed from the "e-Katz" distribution list, simply
reply to this e-mail with your request.  If you have multiple e-mail
addresses you use, please include a name and/or company, otherwise we may
not be able to locate the correct entry to remove.  For more information on
the Katz administration, visit our website at
Statement Regarding Police Chief Mark Kroeker
"I take my responsibilities as police commissioner very seriously.  I have
reviewed this situation with care.  I want to thank those who provided me
feedback either in person, over the telephone or through e-mail.
"The performance of any individual in my administration ultimately rests
with me.  I want to apologize for the concern, pain and fear caused by the
taped comments made years ago by Chief Kroeker.  His taped comments in no
way reflect my own personal beliefs.
"My community and staff discussions, along with reading all the e-mails and
transcripts of all my telephone messages, helped distill my thinking on this
issue to one key question: Can Chief Kroeker separate his personal religious
views from his professional conduct?
"I have determined that he manages his duties without bias and will continue
to do so. His performance has met my expectations.  He is leading the bureau
in a fair, respectful and inclusive manner.  He is moving our law
enforcement efforts to a higher level of community policing.  Therefore, I
have asked Mark Kroeker to stay on as Chief of Police.  He has my strong
support to continue.
"The law provides that all city employees have a right to their personal
religious views.  I have a responsibility to review their employment status
if their actions, as a result of their personal views, impair their ability
to perform their professional responsibilities.
"Many of the arguments raised asking me to dismiss Mark Kroeker because he
is "out of step with Portland" could be used in other Oregon communities to
fire more liberal public officials who are "out of step" with their
community's conservative majority.  My 30-year fight for tolerance goes both
ways.
"Chief Kroeker will have to rebuild trust with many of our citizens.   He
assures me he is prepared to do so.  He told me he would rather help undo
the damage, help me promote tolerance and acceptance of all people, than
just walk away.
"He commits to a strong and sustained positive dialogue with Portlanders who
are gay, lesbian, bisexual or transgendered, including those on his staff.
He has already begun outreach efforts and will continue to do so.
"He said he will redouble his efforts to promote respect and acceptance of
all Portlanders and be steadfast and fair in his enforcement of the law.
"He agrees to work with the Cascade Aids Project to serve as a spokesperson
to educate citizens about the fact that AIDS is not a "gay disease."
"He will continue to seek advice from the City Council, the Bureau's Sexual
Minority Roundtable and others to guide additional efforts.
"He agrees to take all this on with all his heart.
"In the process I hope he and we all learn from this experience.  I will
work to turn this negative situation into a positive one: to expand our
sense of tolerance; to promote the notion that regardless of a person's
personal or religious beliefs, one can be an effective public servant; and
to deepen the acceptance of all Portlanders.
"As Mayor, I will do my part and more.  I hope you will join me."
Sanjay -
Further to my earlier message, Ken is very willing to go to the Chief 
Minister's hotel to meet with him.
Rosie
Sanjay Bhatnagar@_DEVELOPMENT
01/19/2000 06:52 AM
Dear Ken: 
As discussed I would appreciate your meeting with the CM even for a few 
minutes at Davos. I will find soem time in ur schedule to brief you for that 
meeting before you leave for Davos.
The CM considers u as a personal friend now that u have arranged for him to 
be invited to Davos. In fact he has also requested you personally whether you 
can arrange a meeting with Bill Gates while he is there. That would probably 
be impossible given everyone's schedule there and my message for that to the 
CM is going to be that eaxctly that... the schedules look impossible to 
arrange that.
However for your meeting, I would appreciate giving us some time.
,
Sanjay
Dear Mr. Misaki:
Dr. Lay would prefer that the pre-meeting continue to be scheduled at 8:30 
a.m. on January 29, as he has conflicts the afternoon of January 28, so it 
would be difficult for him to attend.
Please advise.
Rosalee Fleming
Mr. Kenneth L. Lay, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer,
Enron, USA
Professor Dr. Klaus Topfer c/o Mr. Claire Musonera, Personal
Assistant, UN Environmental Programme, Kenya
Sir John Browne, Group Executive, BP Amoco Plc, UK
Mr. William Clay Ford Jr., Chairman, Ford Motor Company, USA
Mr. Daniel C. Esty, Yale Center for Environmental Law and
Policy, USA
We are the supporting staff for Mr. T. Nishimuro President and
CEO, Toshiba Corporation and hope that you have already received
the "Session Structure" from WEF office for the subject session
held on Saturday 29 January 09:00-10:15 at Kongress Centre, Davos.
We are preparing the outline of Mr. Nishimuro's opening remarks
who will chair the subject session. Herewith is attached the
outline for your reference, which is tentatively prepared for
him by his staff. This may be re-defined through the discussion
with Mr. Nishimuro.
Mr. Nishimuro wants to assure the session flows as smoothly as
possible, and
towards this we would appreciate it if you could send me, by
e-mail, a
brief summary of or the key points of participants remarks.
In addition, Mr. Nishimuro would like for all participants to
come and talk freely beforehand and we will appreciate if you
could come to following meeting place.
REGIONAL NETWORK CENTER, ASIA PACIFIC, KONGRESS CENTER
at 16:30 of Friday 28, 2000.
Ms. Yu Serizawa will call out there.(Cell Phone:079-238-7021)
If you can not come to the meeting place, please advise to this
mail address or call Mr. H. Misaki at Hotel Crystal(081-413 5757
Fax081 413 3262) after January 26.
World Economic Forum-Mr. Nishimuro's Notes
"What should be the environmental agenda for business in the 21st
century?"
.Introduction
1. Awareness of Environmental Issue
1)   Environmental issue, like Global warming, Excessive use of
natural resources, Recycling, Pollution, is of major significance.
The impact on the business is becoming to increase.
2)   The Kyoto Conference(COP3) defined an international framework
for dealing with the issue of global warming.
(The GHG reduction targets contained in the Kyoto Protocol are 6%
for Japan, 7% for the U.S.A., 8% for the EU)
Specific content for the Flexibility Mechanism/Kyoto Mechanism
(for International Emissions Trading (IET), Joint Implement (JI),
and Clean Development Mechanism(CDM)) will be decided on at COP6,
which is scheduled for November 2000.
GHG is a serious matter requiring a globally studying.
2. GHG Reduction
1)   The relationship between GHG levels and climatic change
remains uncertain at present and further research is required.
Policies will have to be devised that take account of developments
in scientific knowledge and opinion and that also maintains
flexibility.
2)   Policy on GHG reduction must reflect the circumstances of
each country and be based on a combination of regulatory measures,
economic measures and voluntary measures.
Excessive regulating may cause the unfairness in business
competition.
3. Energy Conservation
1)   The U.S.A. is the largest consumer of energy. In such a
large, mobile country, much
consumption is accounted for by the transportation sector.
2)   The EU has pushed many advances in environmental protection,
and has seen considerable progress in the use of renewable energy.
3)   Japan has very limited natural resources, and energy
conservation has been promoted since the oil shocks of the 1970s.
As a result, Japan is a leader in making effective use of energy,
and has the lowest level of GHG emissions against GDP.
Japan's policy is to combine regulation with voluntary measures.
Industry has supported this by promoting voluntary environmental
plans and other measures.
Japanese industries including Toshiba are to improve the energy
consumption efficiency of their products and use of energy at
their factories.
4. Programme of Industry
1)   Energy conservation is to make up the cost reduction of
products and recycling will bring about the effect on manufacturing
cost saving in the long run.
(See attached file: Einvironmentalissue0118.doc)
Hitoshi Misaki, Group Manager
Relations-Group,
International Division TOSHIBA CORPORATION
1-1,Shibaura 1-chome Minatoku Tokyo
JAPAN 105-8001
TEL:03-3457-3661, FAX:03-5444-9217
e-mail:hitoshi misaki@toshiba.co.jp
YES T can !
- Einvironmentalissue0118.doc
Dear Mr. Krishna -
If it is convenient for you, Dr. Lay is suggesting that you meet on Friday, 
January 28 at 3:45 p.m. at the Hotel Meierhof.  Dr. Lay will meet you in the 
lobby and you can meet at a table in the restaurant at the hotel.
Please advise if this works with your schedule.
Rosalee
Dear Mr.Kenneth L Lay
An important message for you
To
Dr.Kenneth L Lay
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Enron Corp.
USA
- att1.htm
- davosmeeting.doc
Ken wrote:
Sharon/Janelle -
I would prefer that we just absorb these costs.  I hate to send out 
additional bills at this time.
Ken 
Sharon Lay  Hello John,
I hope you have returned to normal after the MC!!!  I can only say that it
was a tremendous success, and everyone should be congratulated that worked
on the planning!
Now to the final items.  We are billing everyone for the hotel, golf and
regatta this week and we have a few questions.  The hotel and golf are easy.
However the regatta is a different situation.  When we started this project,
the cost of the regatta was much less than when we finished.  We quoted
$85.00 per person, however the Millennium rate was actually $100.00 per
person.  This would not be such a great problem, however we had 33 no-shows
for the regatta.  This being said, we have two choices.  We bill those that
sailed for an additional $15.00 to make their charge $100.00 which then
leaves us with a negative $3500.00.  Or, we also bill the 33 no-shows for
$100.00 each which puts us pretty close to break even.
In the big picture, there have been some budget cost that were less than
expected and some that were more.  We will have the final budget complete by
the end of next week.
The most important issue, is it acceptable to bill those that sailed $100.00
or do you want us to stay at the original price of $85.00?......Then, of
course, what should we do about the no shows?  Possibly bill them a
cancellation fee or the full fee?  Or, forget and forgive this time?
I am leaving for Paradise tomorrow, however my trusted partner Janelle will
be here until the 20th of January.  We would like to get everything
finalized before she leaves.
Give us your thoughts.
The EX-MC Director
Sharon
Ken will attend both meetings.
Rosie
Sherri Reinartz
01/12/2000 03:30 PM
Please respond regarding your attendance at the following events:
Executive Committee Breakfast
Date:  Monday, January 17
Time:  7:30 a.m.
Location: EB50M
Please indicate below whether or not you will attend the breakfast.
Yes, I will attend _____
No, I will not attend _____
Executive Committee Weekly Meeting
Date:  Monday, January 17
Time:  11:00 a.m. (CDT)
Location: 50th Floor Boardroom
Video:  Connections will be established with remote locations upon request.
Conf call: A conference call bridge has been reserved.  The dial in number 
713/853-3233.
Please contact Sherri Sera (713/853-5984) or Katherine Brown (713/345-7774)
for the weekly passcode.
Please indicate below whether or not you plan to attend this meeting and 
through what medium. 
Yes, I will attend in person _______
By video conference from _______
By conference call  _______
No, I will not attend  _______
Please return this e-mail to me with your response by 12:00 p.m., Friday, 
January 14.
Thank you, 
Sherri
Kenneth Lay has approved the attached expense report for Jeff Skilling.
FURTHER CLARIFICATION TO THE MESSAGE BELOW, for PERSONAL AIRCRAFT USE, the 
members of the Office of the Chairman must approve the requests.  In addition 
to Ken and Jeff, Joe Sutton will also approve personal requests.
This is the revised list of persons authorized to approve use of the company 
plane.  If there is a duplicate request for a plane, one of the members of 
the Office of the Chairman  (Ken, Jeff or Joe) will determine priority.
Cliff Baxter
Mark Frevert
Kevin Hannon
Ken Harrison
Joe Hirko
Stan Horton
Ken Lay
Rebecca Mark
Mark Metts
Lou Pai
Ken Rice 
Jeff Skilling
Joe Sutton
Tom White 
Please call if you have any questions.
Rosalee
I did receive your e-mail.
Ken Lay
Hi -
We did receive the e-mail.
Rosalee for Ken Lay
Hi Sara -
Thanks for the bios.  Is Mr. West not joining the meeting?
Rosalee
Rosalee,
Dr. Reed will be joined by Mr. William Hauck, a member of our Board of
Trustees.  Their bios can be viewed at:
Let me know if there is anything else you need.  Thanks.
Sara
Hi Sarah -
The Enron attendees for tomorrow's meeting are:  Ken Lay, Marty Sunde and
Bob Williams.  Their resumes are attached.
(See attached file: 2001 March - regular.doc)   (See attached file: Bio -
Marty Sunde March 2001.doc)  (See attached file: Robert Williams bio.doc)
Sarah, will you please e-mail me exactly where they should come once they
get through traffic.
Thanks.
Rosalee
Loretta, I really enjoyed being at your table on Monday evening and getting 
to know you a little better 
I must tell you that I am in awe of what you did with the office in Japan.  I 
would not have known how to do all that!!!  Wow.
Rosie
Hi Sarah -
The Enron attendees for tomorrow's meeting are:  Ken Lay, Marty Sunde and Bob 
Williams.  Their resumes are attached.
Sarah, will you please e-mail me exactly where they should come once they get 
through traffic.
Thanks.
Rosalee
Mr. Lay said that he would like for you to accept service on his behalf.
Robert_Donohoo@i2.com on 05/09/2001 10:32:34 AM
Gentlemen;
You may or may not be aware, but each of you has been named as a defendant
in a lawsuit.  The lawsuit has been filed by a Plaintiff who is represented
by one of the law firms which has filed suit against i2 in the class action
lawsuit (i.e. the Nike situation).  The Plaintiff in this lawsuit is a
nominal shareholder and acts as a front for the Plaintiff law firm.
What makes the lawsuit different from the class action is that it is a
shareholder derivative lawsuit.  What this means is that the plaintiff
shareholder has filed the lawsuit against each of you to collect damages on
behalf of i2.  The claim is based on the Nike facts, but the Plaintiff is
claiming i2 has been damaged by your actions.   What is interesting is that
all damages recovered would go to i2.  So why the lawsuit?  The Plaintiff
can recover for all legal fees he incurs in bringing the lawsuit.
Derivative actions commonly follow class action filings, as a sort of
"tag-along" type of action.
The Plaintiff attorney has requested that i2 accept service of the lawsuit
on your behalf.  Normally, I would say no and let the Plaintiff law firm
try and track you down, but they may try and serve you at an inappropriate
time, i.e. client meeting, during a speech.  Please let me know if you
would like for us to accept service on your behalf.  This is very common
practice.
I will send each of you a copy of the lawsuit.  Needless to say, you are
indemnified for this, i2 will pay for all legal fees incurred to defend you
and i2 does have insurance to cover this matter.
Please let me know of your decision to have i2 accept service on your
behalf.
Thanks
Bob Donohoo
Corporate Counsel
i2 Technologies, Inc.
This message and the documents attached to it, if any, is intended only for
the use of the addressee and may contain information that may be PRIVILEGED
and CONFIDENTIAL, and/or may contain ATTORNEY WORK PRODUCT.  If you are not
the intended recipient, you are hereby notified that any dissemination of
this communication is strictly prohibited.  If you have received this
communication in error, please delete all electronic copies of this message
and its attachments, destroy any hard copies you may have created and
notify me immediately.
I think we've received everything Mr. Pershing.  We have the VIP pass for the 
car.
Rosalee
I just wanted to follow up to make sure that all the arrangements for Mr
Lay's trip to Paris are in order.  In particular, I wanted to make sure that
the materials for the FORUM, including the VIP pass for his car and driver
made it to you.  Please let me know if not, and I will arrange to have the
materials left at his hotel pending his arrival.
I have been in touch with Mr Bradley on input to Mr Lay's remarks, and all
seems in order on that front.
Thanks again for your help.
Best,
Jonathan Pershing
Oh, Gabriella (that is such a pretty name 
I apologize for not responding.  The conference details have been a bit 
confusing to us as we didn't seem to have many.  Mr. Lay is scheduled to 
participate in a Ministerial Working Dinner the evening of May 15.  He has to 
give a brief report on his forum session from earlier in the afternoon.  It 
is being held at the Kleber International Conference Centre.  Therefore, Dr. 
and Mrs. Lay will not be able to attend.
Thank you.
Rosalee
Gabriella.GOEKJIAN@oecd.org on 05/10/2001 10:11:44 AM
Sorry I had forgotten to put the subject
Unfortunately, Ken Lay will be out of the country during this time.
Rosalee
MEMORANDUM
DATE:
=09
=09May 9, 2001
=09
?
=09
=09?
=09
TO:
=09
=09Kenneth Lay
=09
=09ENRON
=09
?
=09
=09?
=09
FROM:
=09
=09Anne Culver, Government Affairs
=09
=09Greater Houston Partnership
=09
?
=09
=09?
=09
SUBJECT:
=09
=09Board Trip to Washington, D.C. -- June 6 & 7, 2001
=09
?
The purpose of this memo is to invite you to participate in the Partnership=01,s=20
annual Board lobby trip to Washington, D.C.? This year=01,s trip, to be led by=20
the Partnership Chairman Bruce LaBoon and Government Relations Advisory=20
Committee Bill Wise, will occur Wednesday, June 6 and Thursday, June 7.? The=20
delegation will leave Houston at approximately 3 p.m. on the 6th and return=20
to Houston around 9 p.m. on the 7th.
?
You are likely familiar with the format for these trips.? We expect to secure=20
use of Partnership-member corporate planes for air transport.? The=20
Partnership will book hotel rooms for June 6, with participants responsible=20
for hotel charges (approximately $300-$350); ground transport and meals will=20
be arranged by the Partnership.
?
We=01,ll spend the full day the 7th in meetings.? The itinerary is in=20
development.? We are planning a breakfast meeting with the full Houston area=20
delegation and meetings with our two Senators, EPA, DOT, DOE, House=20
Transportation Appropriations Chairman Rogers of Kentucky, and with the=20
President=01,s staff at the White House.? We=01,ll end the day with a reception at=20
the Capitol to which we will invite the entire Texas delegation, Houstonians=20
in the Administration, the Texas Office of State-Federal Relations,=20
Washington-based staff of Partnership-member companies, and so forth.
?
As you can imagine, it is easier for us to secure meetings when we can=20
confirm the names of those who will be in our group.? Please indicate your=20
ability to join the trip by checking the form below and returning it as soon=20
as possible either by return email or fax to 713-844-0257.? Detailed briefing=20
books and a final itinerary will be provided to you before your departure.
?
Please do not hesitate to call me with any questions you may have, at=20
713-844-3624.? These trips have always proven to be substantive, informative,=20
educational . . . and sort of fun, too!? I do hope you can join the Board=20
delegation and will return the RSVP right away.? Thanks.
____? ????????????? YES, I will go on the June 6 & 7 trip.? I understand the=20
time commitment is ???????? 3 p.m. June 6 through 9 p.m. June 7.? I=20
understand that I am responsible for ??? all my hotel charges for the night=20
of the 6th (Partnership will book the hotel ??????????????????????? for=20
you.)? My social security number, for White House clearance purposes is=20
??????????????????????? _______________________________.
?
____??????????????? NO, cannot participate.
?
- header.htm
- image001.wmz
Here is Mr. Lay's bio.
Rosalee
Hello All:
We are looking forward to the May 22-23 Forum on Securing the Energy Future
of the Western United States.
If you wish to have a paragraph-long bio included in the Forum notebook,
please respond to this e-mail by sending your bio.  Feel free to fax one, if
that's easier, as well.
Please don't hesitate to contact us with any questions or comments.
Thanks very much,
Heidi VanGenderen, Senior Associate
Wirth Chair in Environmental and
Community Development Policy
Institute for Policy Research and Implementation
University of Colorado-Denver
1445 Market Street, Suite 350
Denver, CO  80202-1727
Tel - 303-820-5676
Fax - 303-534-8774
Tonda, is Ken Lay still a member?
Rosalee
Tonda Bunge  Please respond to tonda_bunge@yahoo.com
Dear Members:
In order to keep our files current, I would like
for you to e-mail or fax the following
information to me.  You may send it to
tonda_bunge@yahoo.com, tbunge@texasgbc.or or fax
number 512-485-4592.
Formal Name
Preferred Name
Title
Company
Address
Phone
Fax
e-mail
Assistant's:Name, Phone Number and E-mail
As soon as all the members have responded I will
send out a new roster.
Thank you for you help.
Executive Assistant
Governor's Business Council, Inc.
816 Congress Avenue, Suite 1100
Austin, Texas 78701
512.485.4591(phone) 512.485.4592(fax)
__________________________________________________
Do You Yahoo!?
Yahoo! Auctions - buy the things you want at great prices
Ken Lay said "Lance, this looks fine to me 
Rosie
At the request of Jim Derrick, attached are the latest draft disclosures for 
a 10-Q Quarterly Report and for the 2002 Proxy Statement in connection with 
LJM2's proposed acquisition of Enron Renewable Energy Corp.  Please do not 
hesitate to contact me if you have any questions.  Lance.
W. Lance Schuler
Ken, Ken Lay said he is fine with this.
Rosie
Ken Rice@MUNICATIONS
05/01/2001 03:48 PM
Executive Committee:
We would like to pursue an offer to Rick Fehl prior to the next Executive 
Committee meeting on May 7, 2001.  Please forward your comments or questions 
as soon as possible 
You will find attached the recommendation letter and his resume.
Ken Rice & Kevin Hannon
Mr. Pershing, I am still confused about the exact date of the panel!!
Rosalee
Rosalee -- I just wanted to follow up to see if there are any further
questions you (or Mr Lay) have had with regard to the OECD FORUM and IEA
Ministerial sessions scheduled for 15-16 May here in Paris.  The schedule is
as I sent it to you in April -- although there may be some changes with the
events at the Ministerial dinner.  Here, while we are still intending that
Mr. Lay provide a summary of the FORUM session to the ministerial
participants, we may need to re-order the dinner agenda slightly to
accommodate Secretary Abraham's schedule.  We will keep you posted.
I would also appreciate receiving a copy of the CV that you sent to the OECD
for our own files; we are trying to compile a full set of all participants
for use during the sessions.
I look forward to hearing from you.
Best wishes,
Jonathan Pershing
Good morning, Valerie.  I don't believe we did get the e-mail yesterday Please resend.
Rosalee
Great. Let me know if you didn't get yesterday's email regarding Nov 20. It
had the call-in number.
Valerie
Ken Lay can do November 20 at 5 p.m. EST or November 27 at 6 p.m. EST.
November 21 is not good for him.
Thanks.
Rosalee
I am sorry for the delay in getting back to you with a revision of the
paper.
Attached please find a revised summary by Tim Koller.  We hope it reflects
well the discussion of our previous meeting. Before the next meeting, it is
our intention to send along the longer discussion paper that would mirror
this summary.  I suggest this next meeting take place as a conference call
at one of the following times.  Please indicate with an "X" in the boxes
next to the proposed dates which dates are good for you.
Monday, November 20, 5 p.m. EST     [ X 
Tuesday, November 21, 5 pm EST 
Monday November 27, 6 pm EST        [ X 
We would like to get everyone's views in advance of this conference call,
either in writing or by phone.  Please indicate below what your preference
would be.  If a call is preferred, Valerie Petersen will contact your
office
to set it up.
Call 
Writing 
There will be one last meeting scheduled after the conference call meeting
takes place to go over the final draft.
Look forward to hearing from you.
Thanks very much,
Jeff
(See attached file: SEC Doc Draft 1029 short.doc)
All responses to Ken Lay should be sent to kenneth.lay@
Dear Steve:
The Galleo mobile multimedia communicator looks very interesting.  As you 
may know, I am on the Compaq Computer board.  They have a very successful 
product that is somewhat similar referred to as the iPAQ.  They also have 
other wireless machines which I use.  I think for the time being I do not 
necessarily need to add one more.  But I do appreciate you thinking of me.
Ken
???? Ken,??check out  www.galleo.com some exciting orders have  come in, if 
you like what you see call me  
?? ??? ??? ???  ??? ??? ??? ???  best,  STEVE 
All responses to Ken Lay should be sent to kenneth.lay@
Roger:
I appreciate the brief e-mail concerning The Continental article.  It turned 
out to be a nice article.
I have been in and out of London in recent weeks but not there for any 
extended stay.  I believe my next extended stay in London will be this Fall I will attempt to come by and check your products out.
My very best to you.
Ken
Privet! Kenneth
I have just finished reading the article in Continental ,hence the Russian
greeting .
You look in good health , or is it the skills of the make-up artist ,the
former I hope .
Will you be making a stop in England 
Do skoroi vstrechi .
Roger
Good morning, Mike.  What time is the meeting?
Rosie
Ken,
Per my voicemail, we are having an all employee meeting on next Monday at the 
Hyatt Regency.  The purpose of this meeting is to pull everyone together for 
an update on EGM and a brief presentation from all the business units within 
EGM.  This includes about 1 hour of business and then drinks and food - we 
expect about 500 people 
We have made a lot of progress on changing the nature and profitability of 
these businesses and we want to make sure everyone sees just how far we have 
come in a few months 
I believe they will be motivated to see the growth and profitability.  We had 
a record Q1 with $100 million of gross margin.  That was 50% of what they 
made in all of 2000.  Combined with the fact that in December of 2000 alone 
we made $87 million in gross margin, I believe it will have a big impact.
If you could attend the meeting even for a few minutes it would go a long way 
in helping us drive our other point which is that the EGM businesses are now 
core to Enron and has the attention of both you and Jeff.
Thanks for considering this and let me know if you need any other information 
or assistance.
Mike 
John, Ken said that he does support you extending the offer.
Rosie
I would like to pursue an offer to Mr. Shea prior to the next Executive 
Committee meeting on May 7, 2001.  Please forward your comments or questions 
by Tuesday, May 1, 2001 so that I can extend the offer by Wednesday, May 2, 
2001.
You will find attached the recommendation letter and his resume.
,
John Lavorato
Tammie Schoppe on behalf of John Lavorato.
All responses to this e-mail should be sent to kenneth.lay@
Dear Colette:
In response to your e-mail concerning the upcoming New Delhi World Forum, I 
would expect that this forum should evaluate the impact of what is happening 
on our project at Dabohl with reference to enticing other foreign 
investment.  As you probably know, the State of Maharastra has been slow 
paying and no paying for the electricity from our plant at Dabohl for 
sometime and more recently both the State of Maharastra  and the Government 
of India have refused to honor their government guarantees on this project We have filed a political force majeure on the project and indeed will be 
moving into arbitration on that and a number of other issues in London in the 
not too distant future.  Again, I believe this will send a very negative 
signal to the market place as to the advisability of international companies 
investing in India.  I would think you might want to build one panel around 
this subject 
If there's any way we can be of help, let me know.
,
Ken Lay
To the attention of:
Dr Kenneth L. Lay
Chairman
Enron
Dear Dr Lay,
When the Minister of Finance of India Yashwant Sinha recently presented the
2001-2002 national budget, it was widely acknowledged as a very ambitious
"dream budget" which puts India on a high growth trajectory. Most key
sectors should benefit from these reforms, which will thus give a new boost
to the country's economic and social progress. As such, the budget was
welcomed with great enthusiasm by the Indian and international business
community.
On the occasion of our India Economic Summit 2001 to be held in partnership
with the Confederation of Indian Industry (CII) from 2 to 4 December in New
Delhi, it will be the perfect time to assess the progress of the bold and
extensive measures proposed in the recent budget, how they have been
implemented and how they have impacted the business environment, domestic
industry activity and foreign investment.
As we will soon be preparing the preliminary programme of the Summit, I
would like to take the opportunity to benefit from your expertise and
understanding of the country. I would greatly appreciate receiving from you
any particular topics or issues that you wish to see given priority on the
agenda. Any suggestions of relevant speakers or experts that you may have
would also be welcomed.
I look forward to receiving your response at the above e-mail address and
kindly ask you to copy my colleague Mitra Khoubrou (e-mail:
mitra.khoubrou@weforum.org).
For more information on the 2001-2002 Union Budget, please visit the
website of the Ministry of Finance of India at  
I look forward to hearing from you and hope that you will be with us in
India again next December.
,
Colette Mathur,
Director,
Center for Regional Strategies
World Economic Forum
Good morning, Jean 
I understand from Rob Bradley that you are putting together some facts for 
Ken as he is moderator of this panel tomorrow in Austin.  He said that he 
would like some bullet points about basic trend data last five years re natural gas production and oil production in the State.  He also would like 
facts about electricity transmission and any copies of articles about the 
subject.
Thanks.
Rosie
Outlook Migration Team
04/30/2001 02:08 PM
Current Notes User: 
To ensure that you experience a successful migration from Notes to Outlook, 
it is necessary to gather individual user information prior to your date of 
migration.  Please take a few minutes to completely fill out the following 
survey.  When you finish, simply click on the 'Reply' button then hit 'Send Your survey will automatically be sent to the Outlook 2000 Migration Mailbox.
Thank you.
Outlook 2000 Migration Team
Full Name:     Kenneth L. Lay 
Login ID:  klay
Extension:  36773
Office Location:  EB5005
What type of computer do you have?  (Desktop,  Laptop,  Both)  Desktop
Do you have a PDA?  If yes, what type do you have:   (None, IPAQ, Palm Pilot, 
Jornada)  none
Do you have permission to access anyone's Email/Calendar?  yes, Rosalee T. 
Fleming
If yes, who 
Does anyone have permission to access your Email/Calendar?  Rosalee T. 
Fleming, Tori L Wells
If yes, who 
Are you responsible for updating anyone else's address book     If yes, who?  no
Is anyone else responsible for updating your address book     If yes, who?  yes - Rosalee Fleming
Do you have access to a shared calendar     If yes, which shared calendar? 
Do you have any Distribution Groups that Messaging maintains for you (for 
mass mailings     If yes, please list here 
Please list all Notes databases applications that you currently use 
In our efforts to plan the exact date/time of your migration, we also will 
need to know:
Will you be out of the office in the near future for vacation, leave, etc?
If so, when?        From (MM/DD/YY): 05/02/01     To (MM/DD/YY 05/07/01 
Ken said "Tim - I hope this works out".
Rosie
Over the past few months, Enron Global Finance has been evaluating various 
opportunities where Enron and Smith Graham & Company may be able to work 
together.  Unfortunately, the process was slowed when our primary contact at 
Smith Graham, Gabriel Hayes, left the firm earlier this year.  We have since 
reestablished discussions and the Global Finance Group is preparing a 
proposal that a portion (about $30 million) of the Enron Cash Balance Plan 
portfolio be dedicated to an emerging managers portfolio.  One-third of this 
money ($10 million) would be invested in bonds, which could be placed with 
Smith Graham, as the fixed-income manager .  (Total Plan assets are about 
$235 million.)
The proposal will be submitted to the Plan Administrative Committee at its 
quarterly meeting on May 3rd.  The proposal should be well received as the 
Committiee has previously requested that  we optimize our existing allocation 
to minority money managers.  Gerald Smith has been advised that Enron is 
looking at ways to allocate money to the firm, and that a decision should be 
reached sometime in May.  We have not communicated the specific details of 
our intentions as of yet pending the outcome of the May 3rd meeting.
I am available for further discussion at your convenience.
,
Tim DeSpain
(x31770)
Hi Mary Hope -
Ken would like to have the meeting late afternoon on May 24th, if 
possible.    He thinks your suggestion of Steering Committee members to join 
the meeting are great.
Thanks.
Rosie
mhk@heinzctr.org (Mary Hope Katsouros) on 04/05/2001 03:30:12 PM
Please respond to "mhk@heinzctr.org"  Dear Ken,
We regret that your schedule did not permit you to visit with us this week
to discuss the Center's Global Change Program.  We do understand that the
White House probably has priority.
Rosalee indicated that you are available to meet at the Center on May 24th.
the day before the Board of Trustees meeting.  May I suggest that we invite
some members of the Steering Committee to join us on the 24th to review
where we are, the political environment, and continued Center involvement
in this program area.  As you are aware we have had discussions with the
Turner Foundation on a Leadership Forum and have developed several projects
which have each received partial funding commitments from the federal
government or private foundations.    Paul O'Neill, Tim Wirth, Bill Miller,
Teresa Heinz and Michael Oppenheimer are my suggestion of Steering
Committee members to join us.  Please give me your thoughts.
As always, Mary Hope
Mary Hope Katsouros
Senior Vice President
The H. John Heinz III Center for Science, Economics and the Environment
1001 Pennsylvania Avenue, N.W., Suite 735 South
Washington, DC  20004
Phone:  (202) 737-6307
Fax:      (202) 737-6410
Email:    mhk@heinzctr.org
- WINMAIL.DAT
Hi Eva -
Mr. Lay said that he will be happy to do this - accept the call from OPIC.
Rosalee
Eva_Evgenis@acml.com on 04/26/2001 12:41:14 PM
Dear, Mr. Lay:
I have taken the liberty of submitting your name as reference to
the Overseas Private Investment Corporation. I am part of a team
which is bidding to manage a $350 million OPIC African
Infrastructure Fund. I will serve as the Managing General Partner
of the fund.
A representative of OPIC will be calling you over the next
several days to ask you about my personal character and my
business experience, as you are familiar with them.
I would appreciate it if you would accept the call from OPIC.
Thank you very much,
Frank Savage
______________________________________________________________________
Dear Kelly:
I appreciate your comments regarding Enron's advertising focus.  First, Enron=20
become involved  with Enron Field for two reasons:  to keep the Astros in=20
Houston and to gain energy and facilities management business for Enron=20
Energy Services.  Acquiring the naming rights to the stadium came much later=20
in our negotiations with the Astros.  In addition, while sports events like=20
NASCAR are exciting to watch and get a fair amount of media play,  we're=20
targeting a more specific audience with our advertising dollars.
=20
Increasingly, Enron=01,s integrated products and services require the approval=20
of an organization=01,s highest ranking officers, people who carry a =01&CXO=018=20
title, such as chief executive officer, chief financial officer, chief=20
information officer or chief technology officer. These individuals may not=20
recognize Enron=01,s name and abilities as readily as energy-centric executives.
We also want to reach the elected and appointed officials who set policy and=20
regulations affecting Enron businesses worldwide. The "Ask Why" advertising=20
campaign launched in February this year was designed with these groups in=20
mind as well as to put the Enron name and image on everyone=01,s radar screen.=20
Enron commercials continue to appear on business channels such as CNBC and=20
CNNfn, as well as the History Channel, ESPN and network news programs. Some=20
are running in Europe as well.
While we won't rule out entirely the possibility of directing some of our=20
future advertising dollars toward sports events, for now, we believe we are=20
spending our ad budget where it will have the greatest positive impact on our=20
business.
Thanks for your suggestion.  Keep them coming.
Ken
Kelly Merritt@_DEVELOPMENT
10/03/2000 04:20 PM
Mr. Lay,
I wasn't able to get my question to you at the all employee meeting. It was=20
this:
The Enron sponsored Houston mini-cart Grand Prix entry placed second and=20
as it is today, itself a multi-billion dollar industry, why hasn't Enron=20
sponsored a racing team to compete against the other Fortune 500 sponsors?=20
Enron is supporting stadiums, but why not a competition based on fuel,=20
energy, and the most powerful being the victor?
Now with cigarettes and alcohol banned from advertising, companies such as=20
AOL, Compaq, Southern Company, and Infoseek are on the tracks. Each race=20
would provide more airtime of the Enron logo and further placement of "The=20
New Power Company" in the retail consumer/viewer's venue. It would also give=20
me someone to "root" for.
Kelly Merritt
Asset Mgr. - CALME/ENA
Ken Lay can do November 20 at 5 p.m. EST or November 27 at 6 p.m. EST November 21 is not good for him.
Thanks.
Rosalee
I am sorry for the delay in getting back to you with a revision of the
paper.
Attached please find a revised summary by Tim Koller.  We hope it reflects
well the discussion of our previous meeting. Before the next meeting, it is
our intention to send along the longer discussion paper that would mirror
this summary.  I suggest this next meeting take place as a conference call
at one of the following times.  Please indicate with an "X" in the boxes
next to the proposed dates which dates are good for you.
Monday, November 20, 5 p.m. EST [ X 
Tuesday, November 21, 5 pm EST 
Monday November 27, 6 pm EST  [ X 
We would like to get everyone's views in advance of this conference call,
either in writing or by phone.  Please indicate below what your preference
would be.  If a call is preferred, Valerie Petersen will contact your office
to set it up.
Call 
Writing 
There will be one last meeting scheduled after the conference call meeting
takes place to go over the final draft.
Look forward to hearing from you.
Thanks very much,
Jeff
- SEC Doc Draft 1029 short.doc
Any response to this e-mail should be sent to kenneth.lay@ 
Dear Stuart:
I appreciate the e-mail concerning the Board of Trustees for The Institute 
for Advanced Study in Musical Theatre.  You do indeed have a very impressive 
board. 
I am still thinking about the possibility of serving on your board.  But at 
the earliest, it would be late this year before I could entertain any 
involvement.  With your indulgence, I will keep you advised.
Warm 
Ken
stuart ostrow  Dear Ken:
The Institute for Advanced Study in Musical Theatre (IASMT) Board of
Trustees is presently constituted as follows:
Jerry Bock
Edgar M. Bronfman
Schuyler Chapin
Leo Linbeck III
Carlisle Floyd
Stuart Ostrow
William Safire
Stephen Sondheim
I pray you have thought happily about joining us, now that we are embarked
on a great journey into the unknown.   It was G.K. Chesterton who expressed
so eloquently the purpose of art and religion - "to remind us that we've
forgotten who we are."   (If only once a year, with six months advance
notice.)
Eagerly,
Stuart
Thanks Marilou, but Ken Lay cannot attend.  We are having the Enron Board 
meeting that day and Mr. Lay has a meeting scheduled all afternoon.
Rosalee
This message is being sent to request the presence of
Mr. Lay at a meeting of the Finance Committee of The Center for
Houston's Future. Invitees of the meeting include Ben Love, Ned Holmes,
Gene Vaughan, Jim Royer, James Calloway and Marilou Schopper (Senior
Vice President of The Center).
The purpose of the meeting is to detail strategy for The Center for
Houston's Future capital campaign.
Tuesday, May 1, 12:30 p.m.
Houston Club -- President's Room
This meeting time would be directly after the monthly board meeting of
the Greater Houston Partnership.  No speaker is scheduled during lunch
for the Partnership's board meeting.  The Partnership board meeting will
be adjourned and the Finance Committee Meeting group will lunch/meet in
the President's Room.
Rosalee, I will call tomorrow to work out any details.  Thank you for
your help in scheduling.
 Marilou A. Schopper, APR
 Vice President, Communications
 Greater Houston Partnership