- boland.doc
Sandeep Kohli@_DEVELOPMENT
12/25/99 11:05 AM
Vince/Vasant,
It has been some time since we spoke at the San Antonio conference Unfortunately,as soon as I got to India I was diagnosed wih a slip disc and 
had to be in bed for a long time.
In the mean time the team continued to work on the concept of a sale to 
another state out of the Dabhol plant.  I have developed the concept whereby 
we are now looking at a firm component (over peak period), and an infirm 
power sale during the monsoon.
The series of quesions and comments from my team in te attachment below 
should help you a bit to get a feel for the proposal.  I am currently in 
Houston and reachable at 281-345-9870.  I maybe needing a surgery for the 
slip disc but am currently on medication hoping that surgery won't be needed.
I would like to wis you all a very happy X'Mas and a Great New Year, and will 
catch you in the NEw YEar in Houston to discuss this wit you further.  I can 
see that soem structuring help will be needed on this, and would like to get 
some help from your end.
,
Sandeep.
Sandeep Kohli
12/25/99 10:06 PM
Team,
Please find my comments in the word document attached. 
Please go through this and run the sensitivities and get a good idea of way 
to structure thsi.  Having gone through the comments, I feel that it maybe 
necessary to get some help on the structuring side.  I will try to get you 
some structuring expertise asap.  In the mean time, I would like you all to 
focus on getting resources together and working this to the next pass.
Lets see where we can get with this.
,
Sandeep.
Rajesh Sivaraman
12/24/99 10:06 PM
As discussed, please find enclosed  a word document which essentially 
discusses most of the issues involved with a Firm Power sale of 50 MW from 
Phase I, which would have to be sorted out with MSEB. 
Vivek & I have also worked out a methodology for computing tariff for this 
firm power sale during the peak period. In doing this, we have tried to keep 
the tariff formula as simple as possible, while simulating the PPA tariffs to 
the extent possible. (Currently, we have just shown the tariff computation; 
will put the tariff formula in the next mail)
The tariff structure & the issue list obviously need further refinement, 
before we discuss it with MSEB.
Looking forward to your comments on both the issue list as well as the tariff 
computation.
,
Rajesh S
Celeste,
I am recommending Jason Sokolov for summer internship with Enron.
Jason is currently working part-time for Mike Roberts and makes
very valuable contribution  to a number on-going projects.
We are very happy with his performance and see him as a valuable future
Enron employee.
Vince
Vince:
As we discussed earlier, I attached the copy of the petition for my summer 
internship with Enron Analyst and Associate group.
I also have the hard copy of the letter, which I will deliver to you 
presonally.
I am looking forward to, finally, become an official Enron employee.  Thank 
you very much for your valuable contributions to
my experience with the company.
Jason Sokolov
Shirley,
Please, extend the invitation  to Greg and Liz.
Vince
Shirley Crenshaw
01/04/2000 12:18 PM
Hello all!
Since we all seemed to survive the "Y2K" bug, we are going to celebrate!
Our "Holiday Millenium" party will be this Saturday.
See attached for information, if you have questions, please call me at 3-5290.
!
Shirley
Gary,
I shall stop by in the afternoon. Such a hurricane would bankrupt a few 
insurance
companies.
Vince
Vince,
We're working on a hurricane linked interest rate swap.  I'd like 10 minutes 
of your time to find out your opinion regarding the effect on long and short 
term interest rates of a category 5 hurricane hitting Miami.  I'll explain 
the deal in more detail to you then.
Gary
x31511
Shirley,
Feb 3-4 looks  best.
Vince
Shirley Crenshaw
01/04/2000 10:05 AM
Vince:
Jim Garven sent me an e-mail wanting to revisit the possibility of your coming
to LSU.  The following dates were provided as open.  Do you have a
preference?
February 3-4
March 23-24
April 27-28
Please let me know and I will let Mr. Garvin know.
Thanks!
Shirley
Ehud,
Best New Year and New Millennium Wishes to You and Your Family.
Look forward to working with you more in the coming year.
Vince
Vince,
With the conclusion, and on this last day, of 1999, Best Wishes for a Happy
and Prosperous New Year.
Best,
Ehud
Department of Finance
College and Graduate School of Business
University of Texas at Austin
Austin, TX. 78712-1179
Voice:  (512) 471-5853
FAX:   (512) 471-5073
Internet:  eronn@mail.utexas.edu
Frank, 
Happy New  Year and New Millennium.
Vince Kaminski
Greetings from the Global Association of Risk Professionals!!  On January 31
to February 2, 2000 at the Marriott Financial Center, New York City, GARP is
holding it's 1st Annual Risk Management Convention.
Hope your Holidays treated you well and that 2000 keeps its promises!
,
Frank Hayden
GARP - Houston
GARP 2000 UPDATE
January 31 to February 2, 2000
New York City - Marriott Financial Center
Have you booked your place at GARP 2000 - our 1st Annual Risk Management
Convention?
Over 100 of our members - risk professionals from financial institutions,
regulatory
bodies, insurance companies, corporations, asset management firms, software
houses,
investment companies, rating agencies and consultancies - already have. Can
you
afford to miss this crucial industry gathering?
Register on-line today using our secure server:
Lead Sponsors:
Compaq
Infinity:  A Sungard Company
Associate Sponsors:
Algorithmics Incorporated
CWB
Summit Systems
Whitelight
GARP 2000 brings together a speaking panel of over 50 renowned risk
management
specialists, addressing today's most critical issues on market risk, credit
risk,
operational risk, balance sheet management, insurance and corporate risk
management.
Special sessions will give delegates an insight into the progress of GARP's
new
working groups on technology and power, and present the results of industry
surveys
sponsored by the association.
***Take the GARP Member Survey 
GARP, in association with CWB, has developed the "Risk Management and
Technology
in the 21st Century-Member Survey".  Over the next few weeks, we will be
collecting
your opinions on a variety of issues about the challenges risk managers will
face
in the coming years.  The survey is comprehensive, and covers many aspects
of the
risk management industry including:
*the current state of the industry
*the technological and business issues institutions have faced in order to
get
where they are today and how those problems were overcome
*how risk management will change and grow in stature due to technology
*lessons learned
The results of the survey will be presented at GARP 2000 and posted on the
GARP
web site shortly thereafter.
The survey contains 27 questions and will take approximately 15 to 20
minutes
to complete.
To participate in the survey, please click on the following link:
GARP and CWB appreciate your participation.
***Financial Risk Manager of the Year Award Ceremony 
The selection committee is now hard at work reviewing the nominations.
Don't
miss the special Gala Evening on Tuesday, February 1, 2000 where we will
announce the 1999 Financial Risk Manager of the Year.
The Gala Evening, sponsored by Reuters, will include a cocktail reception
and casino games, followed by the prestigious Awards Ceremony and a
three-course dinner. Last year's winner, Robert Mark, Executive Vice
President
at the Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce (CIBC) will present the new
recipient
with the award.
Advance reservations are required.  A reservation is automatically included
as part of the GARP 2000 Convention registration.  Members who wish to
attend the Gala Evening, but not participate in GARP 2000 may register for
the dinner event separately.  The cost is $75.00 per person.
Please use the following link to make your reservation:
We look forward to seeing you at GARP 2000.
If you are not the intended recipient, any disclosure, copying, distribution
or any action taken or omitted to be taken in reliance on it, is prohibited
and may be unlawful. When addressed to our clients any opinions or advice
contained in this email are subject to the terms and conditions expressed in
the governing KPMG client engagement letter.
Lenos,
Thank you again for the invitation. I shall be glad
to attend and speak on the topic indicated in the program.
One correction: I am a VP.
Thanks 
Vince
Lenos Trigeorgis  The current version of the conference program is attached
Please confirm your participation as speaker (and confirm your presentation
title as listed on the attached conference program) by next Tuesday. The
program is about to be sent to the printers next week
Please cc your reply also to gordon.sick@rogroup.com
Lenos
- NYMarch2000conferencetimes.doc
Lenos Trigeorgis
Professor of Finance
University of Cyprus
Dept of Business
75 Kallipoleos, PO Box 20537
CY 1678 Nicosia CYPRUS
Tel: +357 2 892261
Fax:        339063
Ben,
Let me review it one more time from this angle. If you don't hear from me by 
Wednesday,
it's OK to post it.
Vince
Benjamin Parsons
01/04/2000 04:31 AM
Vince,
Bijoya is currently working on the development of the website for the new 
credit trading initiative, and we thought it would be a good idea to put my 
recent technical article "Measuring Credit Risk" on it. Are you okay with 
this release, or does it contain any proprietary information we should edit 
out?
Ben
Vince J Kaminski
09/21/99 12:46 PM
Derek,
I am sending you the information you requested in your message.
Please, keep in mind that:
1. Even if we develop the model, in most cases we don't control it  and have 
no
oversight over its uses. A spreadsheet or generic tools we develop can be 
easily
used and/or  modified by the end user, without our knowledge
and involvement 
2. We typically act as internal consultants and solve narrow, highly complex 
problems that require 
special skills. We  may not provide solutions to the entire problem though our involvement may
be interpreted later as our unconditional endorsement of the proposed 
solution.
Vince Kaminski
Derek Claybrook@
09/01/99 05:28 PM
Over the past few weeks, we have spent time talking to you as well as others 
involved in model development.  As we have completed the first phase of our 
project, we are know moving into the second phase which is testing.  As part 
of this phase, we need your help in identifying Research Group's involvement 
in specific models.  We would appreciate if you could please respond back to 
us with your involvement in developing/reviewing these models based on the 
criteria set forth below 
Based on our review of Schedule B, we have determined the following Exotic 
Options were valued by models that are not included in the Research Group 
Library.
Commodity  Book   Description (per Schedule B)
Gas   NG Price  FPL - PV Effect
Gas   NG Price  FPL - PV Effect
Gas   NG Price  FPL - PV Effect
Gas   West   West Basis Options 2 Model
Gas   Central   Basis Options
Power   Power-East  LCRA - Spread Option
Power   Power-West  Swaption - Welded Tube
Liquids   Refined Products Heating Oil Exotic Options - Valued in Lotus 
(ASPREAD)
NOX   NOX   Exotic Option
Interest Rate  Interest Rate  Interest Rate
In addition, we would appreciate if you could describe Research Group's 
involvement on the models listed below.
Aruba
Oglethorpe
NPI (JEDI)
Peakers
Bug
Snake River
Structured Credit (Fair Value)
Developing/Reviewing Criteria:
Low - discussed modeling issues over the phone and/or answered one or two 
general questions
Medium - answered several questions and were consulted on coding issues
High - discussed the model in detail, provided assistance with coding and 
may have developed a portion of the   model
Total Review - completely reviewed the model
Complete Development - Research Group developed the entire model
Once we have an understanding of Research Group's involvement, we will 
perform more detailed testing procedures. 
Thanks for your cooperation in this matter, and if you have any questions, 
please give myself (x3-6496) or Andy (x3-3348) a call.
Shirley, 
Please, put it on my calendar.
Vince
Vince,
I am delighted that you accept our invitation.  We hope it works out that you 
can attend the whole conference as we are confident that you will find the 
program stimulating and will enjoy getting to know our participants.  The 
pleasure will certainly be mutual.  You will bring a new and different 
perspective from which we can all benefit.
Michael
At 05:54 PM 3/15/01 EST, VKaminski@aol.com wrote: 
Paul, 
Thank you for the invitation to speak at the Eastern Conferences on  
Regulation and Competition on May the 25th. I shall be glad to attend and  
make an after dinner presentation. I hope to be able to attend the entire  
conference. 
Sorry for a delay in responding to your message. I have been traveling  
extensively in the last few weeks. 
Vince Return-path 
-0500 
for ; Fri, 9 Mar 2001 23:00:59 GMT 
"Kleindorfer, Paul"  on 03/08/2001 03:41:21 
PM 
Vince: 
For two decades now, I have been a member of the faculty helping to 
organize the Eastern Conferences on Regulation and Competition that Michael 
Crew of Rutgers has chaired.  This year will be, in fact, the 20th 
anniversary conference and a number of notable personages will be joining 
us to celebrate what we have learned and what we haven't about the 
economics of network industries.  Fred Kahn, Al Philipps, Bill Hogan and a 
number of other distinguished academics will be reviewing our progress and 
the prospects for the future.  The conference will take place at a 
beautiful site in the Poconos, about 90 minutes north of Philadelphia, from 
Wednesday afternoon May 24th to Friday afternoon May 26th.  You can check 
for yourself the nature of the program and the conference site/hotel at the 
following website URL: 
Michael Crew and I would both be delighted if you would be willing to be an 
after dinner speaker on Thursday evening (May 25th), just before the key 
research reviews of Friday morning take place on the electricity, telephone 
and gas industries, and following a day of special topics on emerging power 
markets and other developments in network industries.   Naturally we would 
be pleased if you would be able to stay for the entire conference, but 
knowing your schedule, you may only have time for a part of it.  That would 
not be a problem.  The usual after-dinner address is for 30 minutes, 
followed by a short Q&A period. 
Your presentation would help to underline the tremendous importance of 
Enron in driving the development of new risk instruments to assist in price 
discovery and efficient risk management for market participants, in energy 
markets and more generally.  Both Michael and I feel that your perspectives 
on the "new science of risk management" and what can be expected from it 
could be a very important addition to this special anniversay event. 
Please let me know (and please do copy Michael on your response) whether 
your schedule will allow your participation in this very special event. 
Michael and I would, of course, be very happy to follow up with you in 
discussing the nature of the presentation, participants and so forth, if 
this is a go.  I look forward to hearing from you. 
Paul 
Paul Kleindorfer 
215 898-5830 
Michael A. Crew
Professor II
Director - Center for Research in Regulated Industries
Editor - Journal of Regulatory Economics
Rutgers University, Graduate School of Management
180 University Avenue
Newark, N.J. 07102-1897
phone: 973 353 5049   fax:  973 353 1348
VKaminski@aol.com on 10/03/99 04:25:26 PM
Thanks for your message regarding the Model Risk project. I think it's a very
important issue and really critical to Enron. The model risk represents a
very significant exposure to the company: a wrong model results in bad
decisions and eventually leads to accounting errors and incorrect financial
statements.
Here are my comments.
1. Reasons of model risk. The main source of model risk in Enron is omitted
in your list. I think it's due to the fact that the responsibility for the
final model approval and validation is dispersed in the organization and
there no single unit/person that is vested with the authority to audit,
approve  and monitor valuation models. The popular perception is that this is
done by the Research Group, but this could not be further form the truth.
Given the way the organization evolved over the last few years, we became a
group of internal consultants, working on highly specialized, partial
problems (sometimes, we work on a project from A to Z, but it's an exception
to the rule).
It's imperative that this is communicated to the senior management in a
precise, non-ambiguous way. I think that this is the main source of potential
problems and the first shortcoming of the modeling process to be corrected.
2. I would expand point 3 in your draft (inappropriate application of models)
and add two lower level points: a) wrong inputs b) incorrect model used for a
given transaction. TVA is an example of point a: a transaction in case of
which the inputs have not been being updated for an extended period of time
in the past.
3. Under Control Strength you can mention that several audits of the Research
Group model by Arthur Andersen and Darrell Duffie have been initiated at our
insistence.
Vince J Kaminski
10/04/99 07:30 AM
Andy,
Thanks for your message regarding the Model Risk project. I think it's a very
important issue and really critical to Enron. The model risk represents a
very significant exposure to the company: a wrong model results in bad
decisions and eventually leads to accounting errors and incorrect financial
statements.
Here are my comments.
1. Reasons of model risk. The main source of model risk in Enron is omitted
in your list. I think it's due to the fact that the responsibility for the
final model approval and validation is dispersed in the organization and
there no single unit/person that is vested with the authority to audit,
approve  and monitor valuation models. The popular perception is that this is
done by the Research Group, but this could not be further form the truth.
Given the way the organization evolved over the last few years, we became a
group of internal consultants, working on highly specialized, partial
problems (sometimes, we work on a project from A to Z, but it's an exception
to the rule).
It's imperative that this is communicated to the senior management in a
precise, non-ambiguous way. I think that this is the main source of potential
problems and the first shortcoming of the modeling process to be corrected.
2. Inappropriate application of models. I would expand point 3 in your 
draft (inappropriate application of models)
and add two lower level points: a) wrong inputs b) incorrect model used for a
given transaction. TVA is an example of point a: a transaction in case of
which the inputs have not been being updated for an extended period of time
in the past.
3. Control Strength. Under Control Strength you can mention that several 
audits 
of the Research Group model by Arthur Andersen and Darrell Duffie have been
initiated at our insistence.
4. Audit scope. I don't think you can address the issue of the model risk if 
you exclude
from your review Risk Analytics and IT. The model development
activity cannot be divided into separate, independent processes. 
I am afraid your recommendations will be highly inaccurate if your audit 
scope will
remain as is.
Vince Kaminski
Andrew Schuleman@
09/29/99 06:00 PM
Attached is a draft of the Model Development Report that will be presented at 
the Controller's Meeting on Friday, October 1, 1999.  I would appreciate if 
you could please review the report and respond with any comments prior to the 
meeting.  I appreciate all your help and cooperation throughout our review.
Thanks,
Andy
Shan Millie  Hi.
I hope you got my message. Rob (if you don't know) has been "swiped" by Risk
to edit one of the new newsletters - Risk Management Operations - and so no
longer works with Books. We were very sad to see him go, but it is a great
opportunity for him and nice to see some intelligent internal promotion for
a change! Was there anything in particular you needed, Vince? Just to say
also that the energy titles (especially MEPR2) have received some excellent
reviews at contingencyanalysis.com which may interest you. Rob may have
mentionned the Utility Risk title we'd like to publish next year; any views
on that from you would be welcome, obviously. Let me know if and when you're
around and we can catch a coffee.
In the meantime, I hope you and your family have some good quality holiday
time.  , as always. Sh?n
Sh?n Millie
Risk Books
28-29 Haymarket
London SW1Y 4RX
tel: +44 (0)171 484 9740
fax: +44 (0)171 484 9758
e-mail: shan@risk.co.uk
www.riskpublications.com
Todd,
Thanks for the invitation to speak on the panel. It was a real pleasure
to join you and other leading professionals in the energy area in the 
discussion
on the state of the electricity markets in the US.
I want to wish you a very Happy and Successful New Year.
Vince Kaminski
Vince 
Thanks for participating in the INFOCAST volatility conference in Houston 10
days ago. Your penetrating analysis of the current state of electricity
markets, and what the trends may be, was a very useful contribution to the
conference.
Happy holidays, and wishing you a healthy and prosperous new year / century
/ millenium.
Todd Strauss
Principal
PHB Hagler Bailly, Inc._______
Management and Economic Consultants
1776 Eye Street, N.W.
Washington, DC  20006-3700
(202) 828-3964
(202) 296-3858 (facsimile)
This electronic message transmission, including any attachments, is intended
only for the use of the individual or entity to which it is addressed and
may contain information that is privileged, confidential and exempt from
disclosure under applicable law. If you are not the intended recipient or
the employee or agent responsible for delivering this transmission to the
intended recipient, you are hereby notified that any review, copying,
dissemination, distribution or the taking of any action in reliance on the
contents of this transmission is strictly prohibited. If you have received
this transmission in error please notify me by telephone or by electronic
mail immediately -- Thank You.
Michael,
Sorry, I was out around the holidays.
I shall be glad to meet with you in the 1st week
of January. Please call me (3-3848) or my assistant,
Shirley Crenshaw, 3-5290.
Vince
Michael Guerriero@_DEVELOPMENT
12/20/99 02:31 PM
I am responsible for our Argentina operation and would like to discuss some 
modelling issues with you. Could you be available Wednesday for a meeting.
Thanks
MFG
Mike, 
Thanks. Let me talk to McBride about the comp levels.
Vince
Vince 
I had a chance to corner Sam.  He says to leave ProStaff he needs $30K
--- Mike
VKaminski@aol.com on 12/17/99 07:48:19 PM
X-Lotus-FromDomain: ECT
If either of you have a soft copy of the paper we would appreciate it.  We 
will
do the work but will definately give credit where it is due and also where it
has the most impact (from you guys).
thanks
Katja Schilling
17/12/99 06:01
Dear Vasant,
I am currently working with Bryan Seyfried and the Credit Markets/Trading 
group
in London, and am in the process of designing and building a website as an
information portal.
I am in possession of a paper that you co-authored entitled "Actively Managing
Credit Risk", which was published in Risk Publications.
Bryan has asked Bijoya (who is interning here during her X-mas holiday from 
the
LSE) to update this paper and generate a new White Paper about the current 
state
of the credit market and the developments we are pursuing and creating. This
will be used on our website and be published later in time.
Could you please - if you have the time - contact and maybe work with Bijoya 
to
draft this White Paper? Bryan is in Houston today and may be able to give a
better idea of what he is exactly looking for ... Otherwise, he will be in
London again next week.
I thank you in advance, and hope that we can pull something together in the 
next
few weeks.
Please contact me at any time!
from London
Katja
VKaminski@aol.com on 12/17/99 07:51:05 PM
X-Lotus-FromDomain: ECT
Anjam Ahmad
12/07/99 09:33 AM
(Embedded     Enron Europe
image moved
Sent by:  Enron Europe General Announcement
(Embedded image moved to file: pic16788.pcx)
We are pleased to announce the formation of the Credit Markets Group which is
responsible for developing innovative products to better manage the risk of 
our
internal credit portfolio as well as, looking  for opportunities to provide
third party credit protection.  Initially, we will be making markets in
bankruptcy protection on reference credits which are currently in our 
portfolio
but we expect to add additional credit products and reference credits very
quickly.
The team will utilise EnronOnline as its primary trade execution tool, looking
to quickly build market share by capturing the eyes of our current 
counterparts.
Simultaneously,  we will launch an external web site focused on credit
protection where potential customers will have access to real time prices and
filter on specific reference credits as well as, access to credit models and
research papers on effective credit risk management.  Utilising e-commerce
business principles, we expect to aggressively claim the space for corporate
credit protection.  We expect to make a public announcement about these new
products in late January.
In order to effectively access the global market for credit protection, the
group will be based in London with an initial local desk set up in Houston as
well.  Bryan Seyfried will be transitioning out of RAC, where he was 
responsible
for the Trading Controls and Research teams in Europe, to lead the group and 
he
will report to me.
- pic31547.pcx
- pic16788.pcx
VKaminski@aol.com on 12/17/99 07:52:15 PM
X-Lotus-FromDomain: ECT
1) Coverage/Origination:
To ensure a consistent strategy, the free flowing of resources and product
technology and the appropriate focus in the midstream and downstream 
businesses,
the following coverage/origination groups will be consolidated under the
leadership of Dave Delainey :
a)      the Eastern and Western U.S. Midstream Coverage/ Origination
groups which focus on energy, finance and power development solutions
for electric and gas utilities, municipals, co-ops, energy service
companies and IPP?s;
b)      the Downstream Coverage/Origination groups which focus on
delivering a broad range of products and services to the heavy
industrial customers including  pulp and paper, chemicals, plastics,
refined products, metals and mining, heavy manufacturing, industrial
gases, fertilizers, transportation, textiles and glass manufacturing 
the
Eastern and Western U.S. Midstream Coverage/ Origination groups which
focus on energy, finance and industries.
Downstream Coverage/Origination
As energy deregulation continues in North America, it is becoming clear that 
the
heavy industrial segment will be an important customer market for both ENA and
Enron Corp.  Further, it is clear that ENA can significantly expand its
industrial customer network and create more innovative industrial solutions by
having a group that can deploy all the capabilities of Enron Corp.  Against 
this
backdrop, the Downstream Coverage/Origination function will expand its product
offering to include not only ENA?s existing energy commodities, energy 
services,
finance, assets and pulp and paper capabilities but also EES?s energy
outsourcing capability and Global Fuel?s chemicals, plastics and refined
products risk management capability.  These additional capabilities will be
offered in conjunction with EES and the Global Fuels groups. Given the size 
and
importance of this Enron initiative, Greg Piper will be returning from 
Portland
to manage this business. Under Greg?s leadership, the Downstream Origination
effort will be segmented into three sub-groups given the nature of these
industries and our product offering:
a)      Pulp and Paper ? Edward Ondarza will continue to manage the
coverage activities in the Pulp and Paper business. This group will be
responsible for the provision of innovative
products and services in the pulp and paper industry including the
provision of paper risk management products;
b)      Chemicals, Plastics and Refined Products ? We have asked Jim
Ajello to lead the coverage activities in this business.  This group
will be responsible for the provision of innovative products and
services in the chemicals and refined products industries;
c)      Non-Integrated Industrials ? Bruce Garner, formerly leader of
Bankers Trust?s global metals and mining group in London, has joined 
ENA
to lead the coverage activities in this business.  This group will be
responsible for the provision of innovative products and services for
the metals and mining, heavy manufacturing, industrial gases,
fertilizers, transportation, textiles and glass manufacturing
industries.
Midstream Coverage/Origination
a)      Eastern Coverage/Origination ? This group? activities will 
focus
on energy, finance and power development solutions for electric and 
gas
utilities, municipals, co-ops and energy service companies in the
Eastern Interconnect. We have asked  Janet Dietrich to assume the
leadership of this group;
b)      Western Coverage/Origination ? This group?s activities will
focus on energy, finance and power development solutions for electric
and gas utilities, municipals, co-ops and energy service companies in
the WSCC. They will also continue to manage all Qualified Facilities
(QF) restructuring opportunities in the Western U.S.  We have asked
Chris Calger to assume the leadership of this coverage group. Chris 
will
relocate to Portland from Calgary where he currently leads the 
Canadian
downstream origination efforts;
c)      IPP Merchant Coverage/Origination ? This group?s activities 
will
focus on the provision of structured energy, finance and asset 
solutions
for the emerging merchant power generators who control large 
portfolio?s
of merchant power generation either through development or 
acquisition.
We have asked  Mike Miller to assume the leadership of this group.  In
addition, Mike will continue to manage the power development 
activities
in the Eastern Interconnect;
d)      Eastern QF Restructuring ? This group will focus on the QF
restructuring opportunities in the Eastern Interconnect including the
existing restructuring and re-capitalization of the East Coast Power
assets.  We have asked Dave Duran to assume the leadership of this
business. Greg Blair, formerly of Enron Asia?s development group, Doug
Clifford, formerly of Citizens power, and Dick Lydecker, formerly of
Cogen Technology, will join this newly formed business.
2) Commercial Transactions:
The Commercial Transactions Group (CTG), co-headed by Ray Bowen and Jeff
Donahue, was formed to provide a centralized resource for the execution of
transactions within ENA ? and thereby, improve ENA?s efficiency in executing
transactions and free-up the origination groups to increase their intensity of
client coverage.  CTG consists of six primary functions: Transaction
Development, Capital Structuring and Portfolio Management, Commodity 
Structuring
and Transportation, Transactional Support/Accounting, Technical Analysis and
Upstream Asset Management.
The Transaction Development Group will be responsible for deal leadership,
execution and optimization of all aspects of a transaction in conjunction with
the originator. The function will be divided into four teams, each of which 
will
be dedicated to between two and four origination groups.  This dedication to
specific groups should provide a closer link, better service and greater
accountability with the origination groups; however, the CTG resources are
designed to be a fungible and flexible resource allocated to the highest value
transactions across the coverage functions:
a)      Midstream Transaction Development will be dedicated to the
Eastern and Western Coverage/Origination Groups.  The senior members 
of
this group include Billy Lemmons, George McCormick, Erin Norris and 
Russ
Porter. Billy Lemmons joined Enron in 1992.  Most recently, he was the
Vice-President of Capital Structuring and Risk Management for EES. 
Russ
Porter joins us today from Dynegy where he was a manager with
responsibilities for power origination.
b)      Downstream Transaction Development will be dedicated to ENA?s
industrial origination efforts in Pulp and Paper, Petrochemicals and
Refining, Environmental Energy, Metals and Mining and other industries
as coverage is established.  The senior members of this team include
Rodney Malcolm, Jay Boudreaux, Finley Biggerstaff and Chris Helfrich.
We anticipate announcing two to four more additions to this team 
within
the next few weeks.
c)      Generation Transaction Development will be dedicated to the 
IPP
Merchant Services and power plant development and QF Restructuring
groups.  The senior members of this team include Thomas Suffield, Andy
Kelemen, Kelly Mahmoud and John House. Thomas Suffield joined Enron in
1996. Most recently, he was the Vice-President of Origination for the
Latin American group in Azurix.  We anticipate announcing two more
additions to this team within the next few weeks.
d)      Upstream Transaction Development will be dedicated to the
Producer Finance, Coal and Gas Assets groups.  The senior members of
this team include Brad Dunn, John Curtin and Chris Hilgert.  We hope 
to
announce the addition of at least one VP to this group prior to 
yearend.
Ray Bowen will have primary oversight responsibilities for the Upstream and
Downstream Transaction Development teams with Jeff Donahue having primary
responsibilities for the Midstream and Generation teams.  Andrea Reed will
continue to head Capital Structuring and Portfolio Management: all junior
commercial resources within the Transaction Development teams will have dual
responsibilities to both their Transaction Development teams and to the 
Capital
Structuring Group.  The remaining four groups within CTG will remain largely
unchanged.  In addition, the Origination and the Transaction Development teams
and their respective origination groups will be located together.
We believe that these changes will significantly enhance our market coverage 
and
industry knowledge in all ENA?s markets particularly in the industrial 
markets.
It will also provide a closer partnership and accountability between the
Coverage/Origination Groups and the CTG Groups.
Please help us in continuing to build on the success we have enjoyed in North
America by working with us to implement these changes.
- pic13759.pcx
BUSINESS HIGHLIGHTS
ENA Principal Investments:
Three transactions to date in 1Q 2001:
$2.5 million investment in Series C Convertible Preferred Stock of Silicon=20
Power Corporation ("SPC"), a leading designer, developer and manufacturer of=20
a wide range of power semiconductor devices and systems.  SPC operates=20
through three divisions: The Power Components Division manufactures large=20
area semiconductors up to 125 mm which are used in high-power diodes,=20
thyristors, GTO thyristors and custom high pulse power rated devices.  These=20
components are sold directly to OEM's in the heavy industrial, electric=20
utility, transportation, military and medical industries. The Industrial=20
Power Division specializes in systems level products providing utility and=20
power quality protection.  The Commercial Power Division designs and=20
manufactures semiconductors made by a planar process used to make discrete=20
power semiconductor devices and associates subsystems. More information can=20
be obtained from Kevin Kuykendall (33995), Jennifer Adams (33919) or from the=20
Company's web page at: www.siliconpower.com
$2.25 million convertible bridge loan to Solo Energy Corporation, an existing=20
ENA Principal Investments portfolio company.  The funds are part of a $7.0=20
million bridge facility needed to fund overhead while negotiations continue=20
regarding a potential acquisition opportunity.  In addition to the conversion=20
feature, ENA Principal Investments also received warrants to purchase 2.75=20
million additional shares in Solo Energy.  The Company is developing a 100 kW=20
microturbine, which utilizes a proprietary catalytic combustion process and=20
turbines, sourced from the automotive and marine sectors.  Placement of 50=20
beta units is planned at test sites selected by SCANA (a co-investor in Solo=20
Energy) in the 2Q and 3Q, 2001.  Once the acquisition is completed, the=20
Company plans to complete an additional $30 to $50 million funding round. =20
More information can be obtained from Charlie Vetters (39435), Kyle Kettler=20
(30423) or from the Company's web page: www.soloenergy.com
$5.0 million Series D Convertible Preferred Stock of Encorp, Inc., an=20
existing ENA Principal Investments portfolio company.  The funds are part of=20
a total of $38 million raised in the Series D round that should provide=20
funding for the company through mid-2002.  Encorp is among the worlds leading=20
providers of products, services and solutions addressing the growing demand=20
for clean, reliable on-site power systems. The Company=01,s power technology=20
products include grid-interconnection switchgear and energy-automation=20
software.  ENCORP=01,s products, in combination with the Company=01,s=20
engineering-services team, create dependable, on-site power solutions that=20
can reduce the overall cost of energy for commercial and industrial customers=20
operating in the digital economy.  More information can be obtained from=20
Charlie Vetters (39435),  Kyle Kettler (30423) or from the Company's web=20
page: www.encorp.com
Enron Credit
Feeling exposed? If you are looking for ways to trade some credit exposure=20
out of your portfolio, visit EnronOnlineTM. Enron Credit now offers 3-year=20
and 5-year Credit Default Swaps for a number of companies every day on the=20
system.
Industrial Markets
Enron Industrial Markets has established its Key Goals and Objectives for=20
2001 for the Forest Products and Steel Groups:
_  Firmly establish EIM as a significant physical merchant by moving 3=20
million tons of product in each of the forest products and steel industries.
_  Expand international business by generating at least $10 million of gross=20
margin.
_  Create a vehicle to gain access to 500,000 tons/year of market pulp.
In addition, both Forest Products and Steel are focused on creating greater=20
physical and financial liquidity in each of their respective industries, as=20
well as developing world class logistics and operations capabilities.
EIM ORGANIZATIONAL ANNOUNCEMENT
Forest Products Group
The following changes are being implemented in the commercial organization in=20
order to better focus on the group=01,s mission: To be the premier market maker=20
in physical products and financial risk management products in the Forest=20
Products Sector.=20
Rodney Malcolm will assume responsibility for the new Sales and Marketing=20
Group.=20
Rob Saltiel will create a new Forests Products Origination Group.
Bob Crane will continue to be responsible for trading and risk management in=20
all Forest Products markets.
Andy Keleman will take the leadership of the Transaction Development Group.
IN THE NEWS
"Energy and trading giant Enron Corp. (NYSE:ENE - news) wants a piece of=20
Madison Avenue.  The Houston-based company's latest venture is Enron Media=20
Services, a seven-month old outfit that aims to bring Enron's expertise in=20
trading natural gas and electricity to buyers and=20
sellers of advertising space.
In the process, Enron wants to tap into a $500 billion-a-year global=20
advertising arena.
``What we've identified is that this business is very analogous to what we do=20
in gas and power,'' Enron Media Services vice president Edward Ondarza." ---=20
Reuters, March 14, 2001
WELCOME
New Hires
EGM  - Sherman Franzen
EIM   -  Jennifer Vanlandingham
ENA  -  Kim Detiveaux,  Diane Fellers, Esemeralda Gonzalez, Eric Linder,=20
Michael Lorenz, Noel Ryan, Melissa Prihoda, Steve McDonnell
Transfers
EIM - Lisa Csikos, John Jacobsen
ENA - Robin Rodrigue, Maria Lopez, Roseann Engeldorf
IF YOU LOVE GOLF..=01(
Would you like to experience the premier golf event, THE MASTERS?  This is=20
your golden opportunity to see Augusta and the practice rounds.=20
There are 17 spaces now available for Trip #1 - Sunday, April 1 through=20
Wednesday, April 4.  The package includes accommodations at six private homes=20
in Augusta, food and beverage, ground transportation, access to the Enron=20
Tent, passes to the practice rounds and Par 3 tournament, and one round of=20
golf at Jones Creek.=20
Cost is $4975 per person; additional cost for use of charter aircraft between=20
Houston and Augusta is $1740 per person.  This is a high-level=20
customer-driven business opportunity.  If you are interested, call Dorie=20
Hitchcock at x 3-6978.
ENRONONLINE STATISTICS
Below are the figures for EnronOnline as of March 14, 2001.
? Total Life to Date Transactions > 750,000
? Life to Date Notional Value of Transactions > $450 billion
NEWS FROM THE GLOBAL FLASH
EnPipe Services
The Continental Gas team is launching the first virtual gas transportation=20
product in Europe, EnPipe Services.  EnPipe will offer customers the ability=20
to swap gas between the NBP in the UK and the Zeebrugge Hub in Belgium. =20
Customers will be able to nominate volumes on a day-ahead basis, and will pay=20
for the service by an up-front premium.  This new service should encourage=20
more participants at the Zeebrugge Hub, which will lead into more liquidity=20
at other trading locations developing on the Continent.   Similar to the=20
virtual storage service, EnBank, EnPipe demonstrates Enron's ability to offer=20
valuable services to the market through smart risk management rather than=20
capital-intensive infrastructure.   The first EnPipe auction will close on 15=20
March, and customers may submit their bids on EnronOnline.
Teesside Gas Processing Plant
On Thursday, 1st March, the Teesside Gas Processing Plant achieved ISO=20
9001:2001Quality Management System Accreditation.  This achievement is the=20
result of 12 months hard work, enthusiasm and commitment by all plant staff=20
and has also been a great team effort with the Enron Global Asset=20
Organisation providing technical and moral support. =20
An ISO Team was formed in February 2000 led by Iris Thomas (QA Coordinator)=20
and supported by members from all site disciplines including Operations,=20
Maintenance, Accounts and IT.  A program was implemented to prepare, write,=20
issue and control, detailed procedures to ensure the plant was operated and=20
maintained to the quality standards required by ISO 9001:2001.  Customer=20
satisfaction and focus is an integral part of the standard and a great deal=20
of effort has been put into this area.  Following a pre-audit in January the=20
final accreditation audit commenced on Wednesday, 28th February, with=20
accreditation being confirmed on Thursday, 1st March.
LEGAL STUFF
The information contained in this newsletter is confidential and proprietary=20
to Enron Corp. and its subsidiaries.  It is intended for internal use only=20
and should not be disclosed.
"Webmaster@cera.com" <webmaster on 12/20/99 11:35:46 AM
URL 
This year's delayed heating season has provided much-needed breathing room
for gas markets. With significantly warm weather in November and December,
fourth quarter demand has dropped considerably below expectations, and
storage inventories have remained higher than projected.  This has
temporarily eased the upward pressure on prices, but the fundamentals remain
aligned for tighter gas markets to come.  In a December 14, 1999 Conference
Call, CERA's North American Natural Gas Team discussed the status of the
current market:
? Warm weather so far this winter released pressure in the North American
gas market - this pressure has already begun to resurface.
? Winter storage and supply appear adequate, injections next summer could
still challenge supply availability.
? Northeast price volatility will continue, with or without added pipeline
capacity.
? Canadian supply - meeting demand.
To view and listen to a replay of this presentation (an example of a new
technology we are using), please click on the link above.
**end**
Follow URL for playback.
Kevin,
Please, talk to Jeff Shankman's secretary about including all the Research 
Group members on
the 31st floor  in the company provided lunches (when they are available).
If an additional  lunch is needed from time to time, it's fine, but it should 
be seen as a something done
under exceptional circumstances.
Vince
Kevin G Moore
12/20/99 12:10 PM
Hi Vince ,
It has been brought to my attention that several
members of the Weather Team may require a
lunch from time to time.
The person right now is Trisha Tlapek she
has to be at her desk .
Please , could  I provide  daily lunches for her.
Thanks
Kevin Moore
Dear Vince,
Do you think you would be able to confirm a talk title and bullet points for 
your 'new research' talk by the end of the first week of January?  In terms 
of the panel discussion we will confirm the actual content and structure 
closer to the date of the conference - in the meantime, if you have any ideas 
as to how we can make the panel as discussive as possible that would be great.
,
Oliver
Oliver,
I can cover both presentations.
Vince
Dear Vince,
Thank you for agreeing to take part in our annual US congress.
There were 2 things that I would ideally like you to be involved in.  The 
first
would be to present any new research you may have.  This would be part of 
stream
3 (see attached) which looks at new research in derivatives modelling and
analysis.  If you would like to present any new research that fits into 
the
rough areas outlined that would be great.
The second would be part of a panel discussion on weather derivatives 
(number 44
attached).  I have also invited Jeff Porter (Koch) and Ravi Nathan 
(Aquila).
Please let me know if you would like to present any new research and/or 
take
part in the panel.
i look forward to hearing from you soon.
Oliver
Direct: 212 925 1864 ext.152
Risk Publications, 270 Lafayette Street, Suite 700, NY 10012, New York
Fax: 212 925 7585  Email: conf-ny@msn.com
www.riskpublications.com
- att1.htm
Steve W Young
12/23/99 10:03 AM
All:
Best wishes for a restful and pleasant holiday season!  The time off is well 
deserved.
I also wish to express my sincere appreciation for the hard work and 
dedication displayed by each of you over the past year.  I'm well aware of 
the long hours and individual contributions that are not always widely 
known.  However, comments and notes received, particularly during the last 
half of 1999, suggest that others not only notice your individual 
contributions but have also come to appreciate RAC's value to the overall 
organisation.  Your individual efforts during 1999 reflected well on us all.
I look forward to seeing each of you after the holiday season and wish you a 
happy and prosperous New Year. 
Warmest 
Steve
When's the last time you heard from Alex Adamchuk Really? Well, just today Alex Adamchuk (   was thoughtful 
enough to send you this $5 gift certificate for use toward your first 
purchase at Amazon.com 
Now's the hard part: deciding what to get. Along with our legendary selection 
of books, Amazon.com now carries a terrific selection of toys & games, 
electronics, videos, DVDs, and CDs--often featuring savings up to 50 percent. 
And not to worry-all our transactions are covered by a secure-shopping 
guarantee.
You'll find a few instructions below that will guide you through the exciting 
world of gift-certificate redemption. Don't dilly-dally--your gift 
certificate is available only until January 10, 2000.
To visit Amazon.com, just click on the link below or type the following Web 
address into your browser:
Happy shopping!
P.S. alex10@finmath.com requested that this message be sent. If you have any 
questions or feedback for Amazon.com, please e-mail
refer-a-friend@amazon.com. If you wish not to receive future e-mail from 
Amazon.com, please send a blank e-mail message to never@amazon.com.
Please note that the e-mail address this message was sent to is:
vkamins@ect.enron.com
Here's your actual gift certificate:
Claim code (YOU'LL NEED THIS WHEN ORDERING 
REGD-KVCN2Y-T5ZTY4
Expiration date: January 10, 2000
Using your gift certificate is easy. Just follow these steps:
1. Visit Amazon.com at  
2. Select the items you want.
3. Hit the 'Proceed to Checkout' button.
4. Enter your Gift Certificate Claim Code in the field provided on the order 
form.
The fine print:
Each gift certificate has a unique claim code that can only be used once.
Limit one promotional gift certificate (the "gift certificate") per 
household, per offer and one gift certificate per purchase.
Gift certificates are not valid with other promotional offers.
Gift certificates must be redeemed through our Web site, 
toward the purchase of products listed in Amazon.com's 
online catalog and sold by Amazon.com.  They cannot be redeemed at 
Amazon.co.uk, Amazon.de or any other Web site operated by Amazon.com, its 
affiliates, or third-party merchants accessible from our site.  Gift 
certificates are not valid for payment at Amazon.com Auctions or Amazon.com 
zShops.
Sorry, we cannot replace lost or stolen gift certificates.
Gift certificate cash value is 1/10th of one cent.
Gift certificates are not for resale.
Gift certificates cannot be used to pay for out-of-print titles, 
special-order titles, or gift certificates.
Gift certificates cannot be applied to previous purchases.
If your purchase exceeds the value of your gift certificate, you must pay for 
the balance with a credit card.
Any unused balance will be placed in your gift certificate account until the 
offer expires.
This gift certificate and any unused portions of this gift certificate expire 
at 11:59 p.m. (PST) on January 10, 2000.
If you have any questions, send us e-mail at orders@amazon.com.
Clayton Vernon@
12/27/99 08:27 AM
Vince-
I spoke with Roy Kass of the Energy Information Agency this morning. Apart 
from clarifying the timeliness, or lack thereof, of the published 
state-specific wellhead production estimates, he indicates their scientists 
find severe weather in the fields (freezes, hurricanes) to be a far more 
significant issue in production, and in wellhead prices, than is severe 
weather in the Northeast, for instance. Also, he agrees with you as to there 
being strictly increasing marginal costs in production, there being a rich 
texture of wells in terms of their efficiency, technologies, maintenance and 
investment issues.
Clayton
Shannon,
Thanks. The same to you.
Sorry to have missed your class. I had a very bad case
of flu with some additional complications. I shall be glad to make
a presentation on the same topic on another occasion.
Vince
Vince,
Wishing you a very happy and prosperous New Millennium!
Happy New Year,
Shannon
Risk Limited Corporation
Box 612666 Dallas, Texas 75261 USA Tel: 972.245.8300 Fax: 972.245.8318 
www.RiskLimited.com
- att1.htm
Shirley,
Please, register me. Is there any  conflict?
Vince
Vince
Happy New Year!  Just a note to announce the dates for this years Texas
Finance Festival.  This year we are meeting earlier in April, in San
Antonio, and start the program on Friday. Please put the date on you
calendar and send in your registration forms ASAP as space at the
conference is limited.  I also encourage you to register with the hotel
immediately as we were able to reserve only a limited number of rooms at
the reduced conference rate.
all there!  More fun in Texas.
John
- announcerev.doc
John D. Martin
Carr P. Collins Chair in Finance
Finance Department
Baylor University
PO Box 98004
Waco, TX 76798
254-710-4473 (Office)
254-710-1092 (Fax)
J_Martin@Baylor.edu
web 
Shirley,
Expense checks:
$6,1101.01
$579.69
$624.34
Vince
Lonny,
My phone number is 713 853 3848. In London this week,
I shall come back next week.
Vince
Good afternoon Vince.   You and I corresponded over a year ago on the
subject of Enterprise Risk Management.   I would like to bounce a couple of
thoughts off of you about this subject from my perspective as the Audit
Manager, but also at an enterprise level as well.   I don't have a phone
number for you, just an email address.   If you could send me a phone number
I would like to give you a cal sometime next week.   If you would like to
give me a call, that would be fine also.
If you are not involved in the ERM process at this time and there is someone
else I could visit with, I would appreciate their name and phone number.
Thanks Vince.
Lonny D. Linder
Internal Audit Services Manager
Nebraska Public Power District
ldlinde@nppd.com
402-563-5435
Dear Vince,
Attached please find an edited and slightly complemented version of my
paper.  I am being told that it will be included in the March issue of
Energy and Power Risk Management, which is going to be devoted to the
subject of power trading.  Your comments will be much appreciated.
,
Martin
- powerisk3.doc
Richard MacMinn  Hi Vince,
I had intended to call as soon as I set up another meeting in Houston but
that had to be put off due to scheduling problems and a heavier than usual
workload here.
I would like to get together sometime after the first of the year to discuss
some research initiatives.  I may also be interested in the position at
Enron that you mentioned the last time we spoke.  I am currently considering
a few new positions and would like to expand my search.  If you have an
interest in discussing the position then just let me know.  I'll be leaving
town on Wednesday, December 22, and returning December 29 but I am always
virtually here at any of my addresses, e.g., mailto:macminn@cheerful.com
Merry Christmas,
Richard
__________
Richard MacMinn, Editor
The Journal of Risk and Insurance
Department of Finance
The University of Texas
Austin, TX 78712
Office: (512) 471-5758
Fax: (305) 768-0522
Email: mailto:jri@bus.utexas.edu  mailto:richard.macminn@bus.utexas.edu
JRI Editor Vita < 
The only thing necessary for the triumph of evil is for good men to do
nothing. Edmund Burke
__________
- att1.htm
Les Clewlow  Hi All
Merry Xmas and a Happy New Year!
Les.
"Webmaster@cera.com" <webmaster on 12/20/99 11:35:46 AM
URL 
This year's delayed heating season has provided much-needed breathing room
for gas markets. With significantly warm weather in November and December,
fourth quarter demand has dropped considerably below expectations, and
storage inventories have remained higher than projected.  This has
temporarily eased the upward pressure on prices, but the fundamentals remain
aligned for tighter gas markets to come.  In a December 14, 1999 Conference
Call, CERA's North American Natural Gas Team discussed the status of the
current market:
? Warm weather so far this winter released pressure in the North American
gas market - this pressure has already begun to resurface.
? Winter storage and supply appear adequate, injections next summer could
still challenge supply availability.
? Northeast price volatility will continue, with or without added pipeline
capacity.
? Canadian supply - meeting demand.
To view and listen to a replay of this presentation (an example of a new
technology we are using), please click on the link above.
**end**
Follow URL for playback.
Les,
Thanks. The same to you. Merry Christmas to you and your family.
Vince Kaminski
Les Clewlow  Hi All
Merry Xmas and a Happy New Year!
Les.
Kevin,
Please, help Stinson.
Vince
Stinson Gibner
12/22/99 01:59 PM
Shirley:
Can I get a small white board for the South wall of my office?
--Stinson
Clayton Vernon@
12/22/99 10:40 AM
Vince-
I have a simplified version of Brad's model in mind.
The "no arbitrage" condition equates trading margins across the country. 
Costs of transmission rise with congestion on the network. Wellhead supply is 
almost completely price- elastic, while burner-tip demand is almost 
completely price inelastic. Storage is rationalized as a perpetual call 
option.
The least time-variant parameters are the costs of injecting and withdrawing 
gas from storage to the pipeline, followed by the costs of delivering gas 
from the wellhead to the pipeline. The intermediate-variant parameters are 
the capacity-dependent costs paid to the pipeline (above shrinkage) for 
transmission. The most time-variant parameters are the trading margins and 
the valuations of the storage option.
There are 8 parameters to be estimated at each major node of the betwork. 
They are identifiable in either of two straightforward ways: using a short 
time series of the last 3 days prices based on the assumed variability 
mentioned above, or point-estimates ("calibrations") using only today's data 
based on a node-based model of competition between pipelines where pipes with 
the same region of origination, albeit markedly different terminus, price 
versus capacity similarly, "competing" for outflows.
I will write this up for you in Scientific Word and present it to you at your 
earliest convenience.
Clayton
erik.a.wernevi@ac.com on 12/22/99 10:43:32 AM
Dear Vince,
Thank you for a stimulating presentation about real options at the IIR
conference in New York on Monday the 13th of December. Your explanation of 
real
options and it's applications for a number of valuation problems interested me
very much. With reference to our previous conversation I wonder if it is
possible  for you to forward the slides from the presentation.
Thank you very much for your help
Erik
Bhavna,
Thanks a lot. The same to you. Happy Holidays.
Vince
Bhavna Pandya
12/17/99 06:12 PM
Joe,
He is a research assistant of Prof. Darrell Duffie from Stanford
and I met him in this capacity. A very bright fellow.
I could not assess his commercial skills but he has enough common
sense to identify the winner (as his interest in Enron demonstrates).
Vince
Joseph P Hirl@_DEVELOPMENT
12/17/99 08:05 PM
Vince,  Thanks for the note and the voice mail this morning.  Do you have any 
thoughts/comments on this person's abilities?
Joe
Vince J Kaminski@ECT
12/18/99 07:25 AM
Joe,
I am forwarding you the information about the student from Stanford of
Japanese ancestry interested in Enron.
He lives currently  in California.
Vince Kaminski
Vince J Kaminski
10/20/99 07:07 AM
Taiichi,
Thank you for your messsage. I shall forward to our Analyst/Associate
program and a few other units of Enron.
Vince Kaminski
hoshino@leland.Stanford.EDU on 10/19/99 09:14:05 AM
Please respond to hoshino@leland.Stanford.EDU
Dear Vince Kaminski
Thank you so much for the kind invitation for the meeting.
I have been always inspired by and having respect for the
recent revolutionary achievements of Enron in the energy markets
My former employer McKinsey Tokyo in fact featured
your company*s success in the last Quarterly, and it clearly states
(in Japanese though) that the quantitative research capability at Enron
is now at the world*s top level, which has been always behind the scene.
I am extremely honored to receive the email from you and in fact
interested in knowing the opportunity of working in the energy field;
However, very unfortunately I will have to come back to Japan, or at
least to the East Asian region,  upon graduation due to an inevitable
family reason. My wife*s father passed away recently and an old
mother-in-law is now left alone without relatives. I understand that
Enron has not yet embarked on the next big project of freeing
the outdated Japanese energy market, (which by the way I strongly
hope ) so I may not have a very good chance of making contribution
at your company right now.
Lastly, if you need a staff in Tokyo in some future who understands
both the risk management analytics at the F622 level and the local
language and business custome better than average, please contact
me any time.  I will be happy to assist as much as possible.
Yours sincerely,
Taiichi Hoshino
Ph.D. Candidate
Engineering Economic Systems & Operations Research
Graduate School of Engineering
Stanford University
The Shadows APT#171
750 North Shoreline Blvd.
Mountain View CA94043
TEL/FAX)650-960-1993
Mark, 
FYI. Any decisions regarding our involvement with
John?
Vince
Vince:
I hope you received the Winter issue of the JACF. Your article was great. 
Many of the issues and themes raised in that piece can be expanded upon. The 
same holds for the Round Table discussion which included Gene Humphrey. 
Finally. I would love to get your assessment of the real option article I 
wrote with Gordon Sick.
,
John L. McCormack
SVP, Stern Stewart & Co.
212-261-0740
Note: The information contained in this message may be privileged and 
confidential and protected from disclosure.  If the reader of this message is 
not the intended recipient, or an employee or agent responsible for 
delivering this message to the intended recipient, you are hereby notified 
that any dissemination, distribution or copying of this communication is 
strictly prohibited. If you have received this communication in error, please 
notify us immediately by replying to the message and deleting it from your 
computer.  Thank you.  Stern Stewart & Co.
Robert Brooks  Please respond to "rebrooks@rbac.com"  Extracts from Enerfax:
Canadian Natural Gas Storage
Canadian Gas Association survey of Canadian natural gas in storage in Bcf for
the week ending December 10th:
Last    Last
12/10       12/03       %Full   Week    Year
East        234.59      236.17      89.1        89.7    96.0
West        225.38      231.97      74.1        76.2    90.5
Total       459.98      468.14      81.1        82.5    93.1
East-West division is the Manitoba/Saskatchewan and North Dakota/Minnesota
borders.
East capacity:  263.22 Bcf
West capacity: 304.27 Bcf
The CGA survey includes liquefied petroleum gas, Canadian operators of gas
storage and Canadian companies contracting gas storage in the US. The survey
does not include statistics from the 25 Bcf Sabine storage facility in
Alberta.
El Paso Says Enron Successful Firm Capacity Bidder
El Paso Natural Gas says that it contracted its remaining 1.2 Bcf per day
Kinder Morgan Buys Interest in Trailblazer
Kinder Morgan Energy Partners has bought Columbia Energy Group's
one-third interest in Trailblazer Pipeline for $38 million. Trailblazer owns
a 436-mile, 492 MMcf per day natural gas pipeline from Rockport, Colorado, to
Beatrice, Nebraska. The purchase allows Kinder Morgan to take advantage of
increased natural gas exploration in the Rocky Mountains. Last week, it
agreed to acquire another third of Trailblazer as part of a $700 million
purchase of natural gas pipelines from its parent, Kinder Morgan Inc. Enron
owns the other third.
Bob Brooks
- ATT00002.htm
FYI
Vince
Here is ESAI's latest issue of the "Natural Gas Fundwatch"
Edna O'Connell
Office Manager
ESAI
301 Edgewater Place, Suite 108
Wakefield, MA 01880
(781) 245-2036
(781) 245-8706
ednao@esaibos.com
- ng122199.PDF
Ron,
No message was attached.
Vince
Anjam Ahmad
12/07/99 09:33 AM
Enron Europe
Sent by: Enron Europe General Announcement
We are pleased to announce the formation of the Credit Markets Group which is 
responsible for developing innovative products to better manage the risk of 
our internal credit portfolio as well as, looking  for opportunities to 
provide third party credit protection.  Initially, we will be making markets 
in bankruptcy protection on reference credits which are currently in our 
portfolio but we expect to add additional credit products and reference 
credits very quickly.
The team will utilise EnronOnline as its primary trade execution tool, 
looking to quickly build market share by capturing the eyes of our current 
counterparts.  Simultaneously,  we will launch an external web site focused 
on credit protection where potential customers will have access to real time 
prices and filter on specific reference credits as well as, access to credit 
models and research papers on effective credit risk management.  Utilising 
e-commerce business principles, we expect to aggressively claim the space for 
corporate credit protection.  We expect to make a public announcement about 
these new products in late January.
In order to effectively access the global market for credit protection, the 
group will be based in London with an initial local desk set up in Houston as 
well.  Bryan Seyfried will be transitioning out of RAC, where he was 
responsible for the Trading Controls and Research teams in Europe, to lead 
the group and he will report to me.
** Please disregard if you previously received this email
FinancialCAD has just released fincad XL v.4 - our most significant
product release ever. fincad XL v.4 includes massive new functionality
across the entire financial instrument spectrum.
*   550 industry standard models (including 100 brand new ones)
*   over 80 prebuilt workbook solutions
*   powerful new term structure models like Hull & White,
Black Karasinski and Ho & Lee
*   over 40 new optimized Monte Carlo-based option models including
several for spreads, baskets, asians, average strikes, lookbacks
and more! Great new tools to work with a wide range
of deals in the energy, metals, FX, and OTC equity markets
*   8 powerful new convertible bond models
*   leading-edge models to support callable/putable bonds
*   new functions to support Bermudan and European swaptions
Learn more about these new features at  
TRY IT - FREE!
Try fincad XL free with no obligation.  Go to  
to download your copy today.
If you work in the financial markets you owe it to yourself to spend a
few minutes looking at how fincad XL can save you time and make your job
easier!
SPECIAL OFFER BEFORE DECEMBER 31
There's never been a better time to buy or upgrade to fincad XL v.4 with
special deals available until December 31, 1999!
Pricing details are at fincad.com
QUESTIONS?
Email us at info@fincad.com or call us -- toll free -- from more countries
than ever. We're here to help you 24 hours a day, every business day.
Check the phone numbers below:
__________________________
The fincad XL Development Team
FinancialCAD Corporation
info@fincad.com
www.fincad.com
webmaster@cera.com on 12/08/99 04:53:47 AM
Title: CERA Conference Call--scheduled for Tuesday, December 14, 1999
Author: N. American Gas Team
E-Mail Category: Conference Call
Product Line: North American Gas ,
URL 
North American Natural Gas Conference Call and Web Presentation
A Cambridge Energy Research Associates Conference Call
TOPIC: THE MARKET DEFLATES
* Warm weather so far this winter released pressure in the North American gas=20
market=0F-pressure that could quickly resurface.
* Winter storage and supply appear adequate, injections next summer could=20
still challenge supply availability.
* Northeast price volatility will continue, with or without added pipeline=20
capacity.
* Canadian supply=0F-meeting demand.
FORMAT
Our speakers will address this topic for 25 minutes, with accompanying=20
graphics presented on the internet, followed by an open question and answer=20
period.
SPEAKERS
Ed Kelly, CERA Director of Research, North American Natural Gas
Bryan J. Sanderson, CERA Research Associate, North American Natural Gas
Jennifer L. Snyder, CERA Associate Director, North American Natural Gas
Demetri Karousos, CERA Associate Director, North American Natural Gas
E. M. (Ed) Small, CERA Director, Canadian Energy
TIME
4:00 P.M. Eastern, Tuesday, December 14, 1999
ELIGIBILITY
Clients eligible to participate in this conference call are those who=20
subscribe to the CERA North American Natural Gas Member Advisory Service.
TO PARTICIPATE
The confirmation number for this event is 850908
To participate in the AUDIO portion of the call, please call in on one of the=20
following numbers approximately 10-15 minutes before the call:
Within the United States: 800-967-7134
Outside the United States: 719-457-2625
Confirmation code: 850908
Title of the call: CERA Gas Call
To participate in the INTERNET portion of the call (optional), please log on=20
to the internet approximately 15-30 minutes before the presentation to ensure=20
technological compatibility.
1. Point your browser to   (Do not include WWW in=20
the URL)
2. At the VisionCast Home Page, click on "Attend a Private Conference."
3. Follow all directions given regarding additional technology required (if=20
any).
4. You will be prompted for an Event Name (vc850908), your name, and your=20
company name.
5. Fill in all fields and click "Continue."
System Requirements and Suggestions:
* Internet connection not reliant on the phone line you will use for the call.
* A Java-enabled browser, such as Microsoft Internet Explorer 3.02 or higher;=20
Netscape Navigator 3.02 or higher; or Sun Hot JAVA(tm)
* Close all desktop applications and disable your screen saver
For more information, please contact Erin Lacoche via e-mail at=20
elacoche@cera.com, or via telephone at (617) 498-9129.
Technical Assistance:
If you experience difficulties during the call, you may signal for technical=20
assistance by pressing *0 (star, zero) on your telephone keypad, once=20
connected to the audio portion of the conference.
A recording of this call will be available until January 14, 2000. To access=20
this recording, please call 1-888-203-1112 (within the U.S.) or (719)=20
457-0820 (outside the U.S.). Please use confirmation number 850908 to access=20
the call.
**end**
Follow URL for HTML version of this message only.
Please note: If the link to the report listed above does not work, please use=20
the following link:
Terms of Use Questions/Comments: webmaster@cera.com
Vince J Kaminski
12/09/99 03:33 PM
webmaster@cera.com on 12/06/99 04:05:27 PM
Title: CERA Monthly Summary--November 1999
Author: CERA
E-Mail Category: Monthly Summary
Product Line: Monthly Summary ,
URL 
Table of Contents
01] Western Energy Markets: Awaiting Normal Weather
02] Russian Gas to Turkey: Is Blue Stream in Trouble?
03] Will Russia Have Free and Fair Elections?
04] Who's Who in the Russian Election
05] Lukoil Buys Neftokhim: New Step in Russian Producers' Expansion into 
Eastern Europe
06] European Energy Signpost--Marching to Market: The Zeebrugge Trade in Gas
07] Afloat but Adrift? Energy Markets and the Undercurrent of Change
08] Special Report: Africa's Emerging Electricity Markets
09] Comg?s (G?s Noroeste) Privatization: Oncoming Competitive Distribution
10] Argentina: Increased Water Flow Keeps Power Prices Soft
11] Brazilian Oil Markets: Finishing 1999 on an Upswing?
12] North American Natural Gas: CERA Long-term Outlook
13] North American Natural Gas Midmonth Report: The Late Start
14] A New Set of Demons? Threats to US Industrial Gas Demand
15] Rediscovering the Rockies: Challenges of a Major Gas Supply Region
16] Knocking More NOx Out of Power Generation: How Much? Who Pays?
17] Fuel Cells--A Paradigm Shift or Media Hype?
18] Refined Products Line--November 1999
19] Hints about the Tri-lateral Producer Meeting Next Week
20] World Oil Watch: Volatility with OPEC in the Driver's Seat
21] Iraq Turns the Oil Tap: The Politics of Defiance
CERA Monthly Summary: November 1999
The following message is a summary of all CERA research posted on our web 
site (eprofile.cera.com) during the month of November 1999.
Title: Western Energy Markets: Awaiting Normal Weather
Author: Zenker, Moritzburke
E-Mail Category: Alert
Product Line: California Energy
URL:
Summary:
When the energy industry completes the chapter on 1999, two footnotes will 
certainly have been made to record the two dominant weather events of the 
year in the West: the abundant precipitation and the mild summer. Significant 
year-over-year weather changes have always affected western energy markets, 
with swings in hydroelectric generation and summer weather determining the 
outputs of gas-fired, coal-fired, and even nuclear generation. The shift from 
a dry year to a wet year can change annual gas use for power generation by as 
much as 1 billion cubic feet per day or 36 percent of total generation 
demand. Consequently, a return to normal summer weather in 2000 would 
significantly boost gas flows for power generation, while also adding to coal 
generation and increasing both power prices and volatility. Gas markets in 
the West and across the continent in November have experienced unseasonably 
low demand and--as in recent days--sudden drops in prices. CERA sees the 
current weathe!
!
r effects as temporary and expects prices to rebound with the arrival of more 
seasonally normal weather.
Title: Russian Gas to Turkey: Is Blue Stream in Trouble?
Author: Gustafson
E-Mail Category: Alert
Product Line: Eurasia Energy
URL:
Summary:
The momentum behind Russia's Blue Stream gas export pipeline to Turkey has 
suddenly dissipated; because of delays on the key "protocol" on tax 
concessions for contractors, project financing has hit a snag. Both sides 
insist the delay is only "technical," but recent events suggest more serious 
problems. Prime Minister Bulent Ecevit's decision not to sign the tax 
protocol in Moscow last week could be a reflection of Turkish concern not to 
embarrass the United States at the upcoming OSCE summit, or to endanger the 
Baku-Ceyhan pipeline, which the Turks strongly favor. After the summit the 
Turks could return to their own game plan--to nail down their future gas 
supplies, whatever their source. But that may be too simple a reading. The 
Turkish ruling coalition recently has shown signs of strain, and Blue Stream 
has come under attack from several directions inside Turkey. Although once 
the summit ends, the Turks and Russians could continue negotiations on Blue 
Stream--but in the char!
!
ged political atmosphere in both Ankara and Moscow, nothing is certain.
Title: Will Russia Have Free and Fair Elections?
Author: Colton
E-Mail Category: Alert
Product Line: Eurasia Energy
URL:
Summary:
Russia's 1999-2000 election cycle is being closely watched to see who wins 
and, more importantly, if the elections are held freely and fairly. Despite 
allegations that Yeltsin's "Family" clique will find a way to subvert 
elections, Russia looks more likely to stay on track, at least in next 
month's parliamentary elections. Broader public discussion of the danger of 
electoral corruption and fraud has taken place, a more balanced Central 
Election Commission has been established, and the interaction of regional 
players in the electoral process has occurred--all positive developments on 
the eve of elections. Yet, despite the implementation of positive changes, 
electoral abuses are likely to occur. Only time will tell how significant 
such abuses will be and what they will mean for the future composition of the 
Russian government.
Title: Who's Who in the Russian Election
Author: Colton
E-Mail Category: Alert
Product Line: Eurasia Energy
URL:
Summary:
Russia's nascent party system brings with it a complicated web of old and new 
players and coalitions of players all hoping to cross the 5 percent threshold 
in the December 19 parliamentary elections. The formation of a multitude of 
parties and quasi-parties poses a challenge to constituents struggling to 
develop an understanding of who makes up these parties, where they sit on the 
political spectrum, and how they will best represent their interests if 
elected to office. Yet some parties in the upcoming elections do enjoy the 
benefit of some level of experience, with almost a third of this year's 
candidates having run in the last election. Furthermore, the consolidation of 
political factions since 1995 has helped establish more lucid political 
categories with which to classify parties. Although immature, Russia's party 
system has made headway since the 1993 and 1995 elections and will certainly 
prove to be an interesting race to watch.
Title: Lukoil Buys Neftokhim: New Step in Russian Producers' Expansion into 
Eastern Europe
Author: Tabarovsky
E-Mail Category: Alert
Product Line: Eurasia Energy
URL:
Summary:
Lukoil's acquisition of a controlling stake in Bulgaria's largest oil 
refinery, Neftokhim, marked a new step in Lukoil's expansion into the East 
European downstream. But Lukoil is not the only contender. Yukos has proved 
to be a serious competitor, expanding into the markets that have 
traditionally belonged to Lukoil. Despite availability of alternative sources 
of supply, East European refineries continue to rely heavily on Russian 
crude, putting Russian producers in a strong negotiating position vis-.-vis 
the refineries and Western competitors.
Title: European Energy Signpost--Marching to Market: The Zeebrugge Trade in 
Gas
Author: Blakey
E-Mail Category: Alert
Product Line: European Gas & Power
URL:
Summary:
Two months into the 1999/2000 heating season in Europe it is already clear 
that a new basis for pricing and trading gas in the Continental business--the 
march to market--has begun. Principal-to-principal gas trade at Zeebrugge is 
taking place, with an increasing number of participants. A new "standard 
contract" and a so-called Hub Services Agreement were launched last week, 
under the auspices of Belgium's Distrigaz. Together these agreements provide 
mechanisms for day-ahead and within-the-day trading.
Title: Afloat but Adrift? Energy Markets and the Undercurrent of Change
Author: Global Energy Team
E-Mail Category: Watch
Product Line: Global Energy
URL:
Summary:
Technology and geopolitics feature prominently in CERA's November 1999 Global 
Energy Watch. E-commerce is growing exponentially, with the energy industry 
contributing to this new revolution in information technology. A major 
geopolitical shift is under way, with OPEC and participating non-OPEC 
countries committed to limiting production by an additional 2.1 million 
barrels per day to reduce excess oil inventories. The result--a near doubling 
of oil prices in less than a year--assures that companies and oil-producing 
governments will end 1999 with stronger balance sheets and budgets more in 
line with societal and corporate needs. The Asia Pacific region's 
recoveries--while not assured--look stronger than six months ago. China, 
Japan, and Indonesia remain question marks, but Thailand, Malaysia, and India 
look promising, and Korea is rebounding well. In the United States and Europe 
restructuring continues in the electric power and natural gas sectors. As 
corporate mergers continue!
!
to increase in number, with new announcements almost weekly, these companies 
as well as smaller, independent competitors increasingly turn to 
technological innovation to stay ahead of the competition.
Title: Special Report: Africa's Emerging Electricity Markets
Author: Mitter
E-Mail Category: Private Report
Product Line: Global Energy
URL:
Summary:
Substantial sections of Africa are now open for business within the global 
power community, and early entrants have found rewarding opportunities up and 
down the power value chain. But incomplete reform processes and 
often-difficult operating conditions mean that investment in Africa comes 
with substantial risks. CERA argues that successful investors will draw not 
just on favorable skill sets and fuel supply positions, but also on localized 
understanding of emerging regional markets, augmented crucially by 
on-the-ground experience.
Title: Comg?s (G?s Noroeste) Privatization: Oncoming Competitive Distribution
Author: Durbin, Mattos, Wrobel
E-Mail Category: Alert
Product Line: Latin American Energy
URL:
Summary:
The successful privatization of the northwest region of the Comg?s concession 
area indicates that private investors are responding to the government's 
desire to create a competitive energy market. Agip, a part of ENI of Italy, 
made a winning bid of US$143 million, or US$86 million above the base price. 
Agip already tried to purchase Comg?s but lost to the consortium of British 
Gas and Shell by US$231 million. Agip's purchase of the concession is central 
to the creation of a competitive gas distribution network in S?o Paulo. This 
greenfield concession is outside the congested metropolitan area, meaning 
that it will have a lower cost per mile of construction to develop its 
infrastructure-potentially resulting in lower tariffs than BG/Shell's 
existing Comg?s concession.
Title: Argentina: Increased Water Flow Keeps Power Prices Soft
Author: Wrobel
E-Mail Category: Alert
Product Line: Latin American Energy
URL:
Summary:
Monthly power prices in October continued down September's lower price path. 
Although demand levels were similar to September's, hydro output continued to 
increase its share of output, but counteracting this increase was higher 
unavailability of thermal generators. This low price path appears to be the 
forecast for the months to come, with fluctuations around $15 per MWh being 
the result of changes in demand, thermal unavailability, and hydro output. 
Dramatic price spikes have not occurred and are not expected in the near term 
without some unexpected loss of low-cost capacity. The price spikes that do 
occur will likely be infrequent and around $30 per MWh. Looking ahead, the 
concern of the market continues to be that if new low-cost capacity is added 
to the already oversupplied market, power prices have only one way to 
go--flatter and down.
Title: Brazilian Oil Markets: Finishing 1999 on an Upswing?
Author: Scott, Mattos
E-Mail Category: Alert
Product Line: Latin American Energy
URL:
Summary:
Brazilian oil product demand continues to be affected by the economic slump 
in addition to higher product prices. Nevertheless, CERA expects that fourth 
quarter demand will improve, with a significant recovery in the first quarter 
of 2000. Regional product demand highlights include the south and southeast 
regions, which account for approximately 70 percent of total product demand 
in Brazil.
Title: CERA Long-term Outlook
Author: N. American Natural Gas Team
E-Mail Category: Decision Brief
Product Line: North American Gas
URL:
Summary:
The natural gas industry faces the challenge of developing adequate supply 
resources and infrastructure for what could become a 30 trillion cubic foot 
(Tcf) market in the United States over the next decade. CERA assesses the 
long-term impact of this challenge on the North American gas market through a 
series of three distinct and internally consistent scenarios.
Although all three scenarios are highly plausible, market indicators as of 
the winter of 1999 point to a longer-term path more consistent with the 
Gas-Favored scenario, with a near- to midterm risk that the market could be 
driven up to a balance more similar to the Supply Realignment scenario. Key 
uncertainties to watch over the next year as signposts to the future path of 
price include the extent of the supply response, the stability of the US 
economy, and penetration of gas into the power generation market.
Title: Midmonth Report: The Late Start
Author: N. American Gas Team
E-Mail Category: Alert
Product Line: North American Gas
URL:
Summary:
A late start to the heating season temporarily releases pressure in the gas 
market, but it does not change market fundamentals. The warm weather during 
the first half of November has delayed storage withdrawals. However, it has 
not endured long enough to allow storage inventories to offset the supply 
decline of 1.0-1.5 Bcf per day, despite added imports. In the event that warm 
weather persists for a few more weeks, natural gas storage inventory levels 
will be adequate for the winter season. However, it is more likely that the 
return of seasonal weather will bring with it a sharp rebound in prices and a 
market scenario of tight supply.
Title: A New Set of Demons? Threats to US Industrial Gas Demand
Author: Hoffman
E-Mail Category: Decision Brief
Product Line: North American Gas
URL:
Summary:
Amid the enthusiasm for growing gas use in power generation, there is a 
downside risk to the future of industrial gas use that has gone largely 
unnoticed. Indeed, the industrial sector's use of natural gas, the largest 
source of demand for natural gas in North America, is in danger of not 
growing at all or even declining over the next several years. A variety of 
threats is set to act on North American industrial gas demand, not the least 
of which is the potential for continued high gas prices throughout North 
America over the next several years.
These threats have not received wide attention because they have been 
obscured by the Asian financial crisis, which forced North American 
industrial demand growth to a standstill beginning in 1998. While the worst 
of the global commodities surplus may have passed, there is as yet no rebound 
occurring in industrial gas consumption in North America. Instead, gas 
consumption in several key gas-intensive industries is now being suppressed 
by a different set of threats: global industrial competition, high domestic 
gas prices, ample supplies of low-cost gas outside of North America, 
continuous energy efficiency improvements, and structural change.
Title: Rediscovering the Rockies: Challenges of a Major Gas Supply Region
Author: Eynon
E-Mail Category: Private Report
Product Line: North American Gas
URL:
Summary:
The rush to develop new sources of gas supply in North America is on-and the 
Rocky Mountains could be at the forefront of new supply development. Overall 
US natural gas productive capacity has declined recently through low prices 
and depressed drilling activity. However, demand pressure in North America is 
intensifying-driven by a wave of new gas-fired power plants currently under 
construction. The resulting higher gas prices further spotlight the need for 
additional supply capability from a number of regions-especially the Gulf of 
Mexico, western Canada, offshore eastern Canada, and the Rockies, the focus 
of renewed interest as an area of huge resource potential capable of meeting 
a substantial portion of the demand growth. The Rockies (even without the San 
Juan Basin) could be capable of sustaining a production level of up to 10 Bcf 
per day by 2015, with sustained high gas prices and integration of the 
pipeline infrastructure. This CERA report evaluates the resource base, ex!
!
amines the region's limited growth over the past decade, and identifies the 
challenges facing Rockies' producers.
Title: Knocking More NOx Out of Power Generation: How Much? Who Pays?
Author: Goodman, Makovich, Robertson
E-Mail Category: Private Report
Product Line: North American Power
URL:
Summary:
Knocking more NOx out of power generation is nothing new, but the move from 
regulation to the marketplace means that the competitive impacts of 
additional nitrogen oxide emissions reductions are as complex and significant 
now as the environmental impacts. The potential tilt to the competitive 
playing field has moved both old and new NOx regulations into the courts. 
Industry restructuring also means that the market will determine who pays the 
billions of dollars in NOx emission control costs. Pending court decisions 
will determine how much NOx emissions are allowed in power production and 
will also define one of the key attributes of the future competitive power 
business landscape.
Title: Fuel Cells--A Paradigm Shift or Media Hype?
Author: Goodman
E-Mail Category: Private Report
Product Line: North American Power
URL:
Summary:
Fuel cells have achieved some successes, but more in niche applications 
rather than as a mass technology at this stage. Several divergent issues such 
as power restructuring, technological developments, environmental issues, 
power quality, and reliability are converging to give a boost to fuel cells 
in commercial and possible residential applications. The technology still 
suffers under economic constraints, however, and developments in the fuel 
processing component of the fuel cell system will be critical to rapid 
commercialization.
Title: Refined Products Line
Author: Veno
E-Mail Category: Alert
Product Line: Refined Products
URL:
Summary:
Differentials versus WTI for major refined products on the US Gulf Coast 
increased during October3/4except for unleaded gasoline margins, which fell 
for the second month in a row to reach $2.16 per barrel during October. 
Responding to sharp increases in demand and declines in primary inventories, 
high sulfur No. 2 fuel oil and jet kerosene margins versus WTI climbed to 
$1.29 per barrel and $2.45 per barrel, respectively, during October. 
Distillate apparent demand skyrocketed by 0.4 mbd to 3.88 mbd and jet fuel 
apparent demand rose to 1.75 mbd during October, with the arrival of cooler 
weather and the start of the home heating oil season adding strength to both 
markets.
Title: Hints about the Tri-lateral Producer Meeting Next Week
Author: World Oil Team
E-Mail Category: Alert
Product Line: World Oil
URL:
Summary:
On November 16 and 17 the oil ministers from Saudi Arabia, Venezuela, and 
Mexico are planning to meet in Riyadh to discuss the oil market and continue 
the process of forging agreement on what to do about quotas once the current 
production restraint agreement expires on April 1, 2000. Hints that these 
ministers are considering proposing that the agreement be extended to June 
are helping to support prices this week. WTI and Brent have climbed nearly 
$1.50 per barrel so far this week.
Title: Volatility with OPEC in the Driver's Seat
Author: Hittle; Stanislaw
E-Mail Category: Watch
Product Line: World Oil
URL:
Summary:
As 1999 closes, OPEC and non-OPEC Mexico face the tricky task of determining 
the next step after their success in reversing the price collapse of 1998. A 
decision must be made on when and how to allow unused capacity back in the 
market. The stakes are high: if they fail to bring on capacity in time, then 
prices could soar upward even further and undermine much of the demand growth 
that is helping the price recovery. CERA's new Autumn World Oil Watch 
provides an updated price outlook for late 1999 and 2000 based on our 
assessment of OPEC's possible choices. Adding upward price pressure this 
quarter, we have revised our estimate of OPEC adherence to the March 
production agreements to roughly 80 percent for the fourth quarter.
Title: Iraq Turns the Oil Tap: The Politics of Defiance
Author: World Oil Team
E-Mail Category: Alert
Product Line: World Oil
URL:
Summary:
Since mid-year, the UN Security Council--particularly its five permanent 
members--has sought to reach consensus on a comprehensive resolution on Iraq. 
Recently, progress toward a comprehensive resolution seemed to be being made, 
until the effort unexpectedly became entangled with renewal of limited oil 
exports, under resolution 986, for a seventh 180-day period upon expiration 
of phase six on November 20.
**end**
Follow URL for HTML version of this message only.
Please note: Should a link not occur using the the above URL, please use the 
following:
Terms of Use Questions/Comments: webmaster@cera.com
Shirley,
Please, put it on my schedule.
Vince
Lenos Trigeorgis  Vince
it is our pleasure to have you. Thank you
Lenos
PS When you get a chance please send us the abstract and bullet points
At 03:04 __ 12/09/99 -0600, you wrote: