Lenos Trigeorgis Tel: +357 2 892261
Fax:        339063
Darrell Duffie  Vince: According to a Bank of America
publication, your (Enron) default swap spreads
are consistently trading about 80
basis points wider than your asset swaps.
Any idea of what is going on here?
Thanks for any guidance, Darrell
_____________________________________________
Darrell Duffie
mail  GSB Stanford CA 94305-5015 USA
phone 650 723 1976
fax   650 725 7979
email duffie@stanford.edu
web _____________________________________________
Eufard,
The person who can help  you with statistical analysis is
Alex Kollaros, 3-9806.
Vince
Richard,
I  would like to inform you that we decided against participation in your 
project.
Thanks for your interest in having  Enron involved in the study.
Vince Kaminski
EPRM DEC JAN
Mike,
Here it is
Vince
Vince,
could you please send me a copy of the final version used for Greg?
thanks
- - - Mike
Keith will come here on Friday, 1:00 p.m. for
an informal interview.
Any interest?
Vince
Keith Alan Baggerly  10:38:18 AM
Sent by: kabagg@stat.rice.edu
I have attached a copy of my CV as a PostScript file.
If you need further info, or a different format, please
let me know.
Enjoy!
Keith Baggerly
Asst Professor, Statistics
Rice University
(713) 348-5282
kabagg@stat.rice.edu
- 00apr.ps
Tony,
Thanks. What time would be convenient for you on April the 22nd?
Vince
Anthony_Mends@.net on 04/19/2000 12:23:16 PM
Vince,
Please find attached directions to my house. We are eagerly looking forward to
your visit.
Tony.
(See attached file: Directions to my house.doc)
Anthony Mends
Enron Broadband Services
713-853-3939
- Directions to my house.doc
Power 2000- May 8-11
?
Please note to hand in the following by  no later than April 24:
?
Presentation(s) (if you are not giving one, please  advise)
Biography
Speaker Checklist
?
As some portions of materials have already  been handed over, please only 
turn in what you haven't already  submitted. Please also note that if 
emailing a PowerPoint presentation, please  email it in a 97 version or  
lower ?
It is urgent that all your  materials be sent by this Monday, as the 
conference is rapidly  approaching. if you have any questions, please contact 
me to further discuss. I  will be out of the office this Thursday and Friday 
but will be returning on  Monday.?
?
?
,
Amy Lamonsoff
Conference Coordinator
T (212) 925-1864x148
F (212) 925-7585
alamonsoff@watersinfo.com
FYI
Vince
Robert Brooks  Please respond to "rebrooks@rbac.com"  Interesting article.  Analysis sees production and import increases this 
year, perhaps not quite keeping up with demand increases.
Take a look.
dder/2000/04/18/krtbn/0000-0087-HO-GAS-ENERGY
Bob Brooks
Expense check  $3592.76
Steve,
Krishna wrote a number of matrix manipulation routines. 
Vince
Steven Leppard
04/17/2000 06:18 AM
Guys
Do we own/subscribe to any mathematical libraries in C and/or VB?  Our credit 
trading group in London needs some well-engineered, documented and 
trustworthy matrix manipulation routines for their online system.
I've only seen people using Numerical Recipes book.
Steve
Just a reminder to you to get your room reservations at the Marriott in San
antonio taken care of before March 27th.  This is the deadline for our
reduced room rate.
Thanks
john
p.s. I appologize to those of you who received a similar message this
morning.  We have recently updated our mailing list and wanted to make sure
everyone got the word.
John D. Martin
Carr P. Collins Chair in Finance
Finance Department
Baylor University
PO Box 98004
Waco, TX 76798
254-710-4473 (Office)
254-710-1092 (Fax)
J_Martin@Baylor.edu
web 
Bill,
May I catch a ride with you to the restaurant?
Vince
Mark,
Did you have a chance to review the E&P company model
(the old cash flow mode) and determine if it can be used
by Fred Lagrasta' group.
Please, let me know.
Vince
Jesus,
Friday, April 28, works for me. I am free between 8:00 - 10:30 to meet with 
Aram.
Would you like to meet him for lunch or dinner?
Vince
Any interest?
Vince
Pushkar Shahi
04/18/2000 04:52 PM
Vince:
As discussed , I am forwarding Ruwan's resume to you. Ruwan is very excited 
about meeting with you and elaborating on his qualifications. Please let me 
know a  convenient time for next Friday (4/28/00) when he could visit with 
you (or any other day next week at your convenience 
I have briefly explained to him the nature of the job at Enron Research 
laying special stress on quantitative, programming and modelling experience. 
Ruwans seems very interested in that kind of work.
Sincerely,
Pushkar Shahi
Financial Trading
Krishna,
Any interest?
Vince
Robert Brooks  Please respond to "rebrooks@rbac.com"  Hi,
I'd like to make a personal invitation to you to attend RDI's annual user
conference at Torrey Pines in La Jolla, just north of San Diego.  We are
planning two sessions for GPCM users (and prospective users) which I think
you will find very interesting and useful.  Plus we are also going to
schedule individual sessions for those that would like them, as was quite
successful last year.  The details are included in the attached Word file
below.  I've also included the program in pdf format.  The last page is a
signup form you can fill out and fax in to RDI if you haven't already done
so.
Please let me and Mike know how many are coming from your team.  You can
reply to this e-mail to let us know.
Looking forward to seeing you there.
I think it's going to be fun.
Bob Brooks
Mike Farina
- RDI_conference_GPCM_breakout.doc
- RDI User Conf.pdf
Jana,
It was a pleasure meeting  you and John last Saturday.
Let's meet again soon. Maybe this film about the suburbs when it 
arrives in Houston.
Vince
Jlpnymex@aol.com on 04/19/2000 08:25:31 AM
Dear Friends:
I will be out of the office on business from
Friday, April 21, 2000 until Monday, May 8, 2000.
I will not have access to my email. I will be checking my voicemail on a
daily basis.  If you call my office, please tell my assistant that you would
like to leave me a voicemail message.
If you need to get a hold of me, you can page me at 888-502-7685.
I will return your call as soon as possible.
Thank you.
Jana Phillips
Margaret,
Thanks
Vince
Margaret Carson@
04/19/2000 08:16 AM
Good  stuff  here..Margaret
Joe Hillings
04/19/2000 03:29 AM
Dobpetroad@aol.com on 04/18/2000 07:18:26 PM
Dear Friends of the Institute for Energy Economics and Policy
The attached power point presentation "Oil and Gas Markets: Myth and Reality"
was given today to a major luncheon (April 18th)  meeting of the American
Association for Petroleum Geology Annual Conference in New Orleans.  The
presentation looks at current oil and gas markets during the last year and
the next twelve months.
IEEP makes occasional papers, research, and analysis available to the friends
and supporters.  This work asks the question of whether current prices are
sustainable and examines the impact of weather and non market factors on the
market.  If you would like to know more about our efforts to develop EWxAS,
our analytical and risk managment product, please contact us.
I thought you might find the attached presentation interesting and perhaqps
useful.
Dennis O'Brien
Director, Institute for Energy Economics and Policy
Sarkeys Energy Center
University of Oklahoma
- dob=presentation.ppt
Krishna,
We  shall have meeting with Kim Watson on Thu at 10:00, 49 C2. It will be 
followed by a Video Conference
with Nebraska at  11:30.
Vince
678   579   5129
Margaret,
I don't have it. Maybe we can get a copy directly from  the CBOT.
Info  Central could help.
Vince
Margaret Carson@
04/18/2000 04:15 PM
Vince   Do  you  or   someone  else down on the trading floor  have a  copy 
of  this book   Ricardo  can borrow???  If not   any other  ideas  where  I 
can get it>  thx Margaret
Ricardo Charvel
04/18/2000 04:02 PM
Margaret,
First of all I apologize for not sending you the information to complete the 
chart that you gave me.  I have been travelling because of work and then 
vacation, maybe I spent 3 or 4 full working days in the office in the last 4 
weeks.  Now that I am going through my to do list I cannot find that page 
that you gave me .  Could you  please send it to me again?
On the other hand I was wondering if maybe within Enron possibly at Info 
Central or with one of your friends at the trading desk you could get me a 
copy of a book titled:                   Chicago Board of Trade Commodity 
Trading Manual 
ISBN: 1579580025
Publisher: Fitzroy Dearborn Publishers, Incorporated
Pub. Date: December  1997
It si not in stock at the dot com libraries and it will take them a long 
time to deliver.   I need this bbok in order to produce a document that Steve 
Kean requested from me a couple of weeks ago.
Thank you very much for your help.
Best,
Ricardo
Rakesh,
Thanks. I took a quick look at the spreadsheet and I agree
with your approach.
I shall spend more time looking at it over the weekend
and if I see a problem I shall call you on Monday.
Vince
Rakesh Bharati@
03/23/2001 06:44 PM
Vince,
Here is the spreadsheet for your review.
Thanks.
Rakesh
1. M. Soto
Maureen,
Your presentation:
Vince
Kathy,
Thanks for your message. We are  very interested in talking to Keith.
Please, give him my phone number/E-mail address
and he can contact me directly.
Vince
Dear Vince,
A faculty member in our department, namely Dr. Keith Baggerly,
is interested in pursuing other employment. He is currently an
assistant professor in our program and a highly valued member  of
our department. We hate to lose him, however his interest has shifted
from the academic arena to one of high level but practical application
and development of statistical methodologies including
stochastic modeling.
Keith is actually a graduate of our Ph.D. program; he was in the same
group of students as Martin Lawera. Keith spent several years at Los
Alamos National Lab before we recruited him back to Rice. He has
been on our faculty now for three years and it is my expectation
(and that of my colleagues) that if he remained he would receive
tenure.
Keith has a strong interest in financial models and the background
to support his interest. He is also a leading expert in statistical
computing, empirical likelihood, categorical models and areas
of statistics falling under the general bailiwick of "data mining".
He is a creative thinker.
I do not know if there are possibilities for Keith within your group,
however
I believe it is an excellent match of talent and objectives.  Would you
have an interest in speaking with Keith? If so, I will suggest that he
contact you.
,
Kathy Ensor
Katherine Bennett Ensor                             E-mail: ensor@rice.edu
Professor and Chair                                      OR:
kathy@stat.rice.edu
Department of Statistics, MS 138               Phone #: (713) 348 4687
Rice University                                              Dept. #: (713)
348 6032
Houston, TX 77251-1892                              Fax #: (713) 348 5476
Shirley,
We plan to use it only for 30 minutes bet 11:00 and 11:30.
Vince
Shirley Crenshaw
04/18/2000 01:54 PM
Nick:
We did get a conference room from 11:00 - 2:00, Houston time.  It is EB791. 
I gave them the conference room you will be in, so I think everything is set 
for the video.
Thanks!
Shirley
FYI
Vince
no problem just let me know what phone number to link to if youget the VC
Nick
Nick,
We may have problems getting the VC location in Houston on  short notice.
We are currently on stand-by. We shall default, if we have no other choice,
to a phone interview.
Vince
Vince,
you should have received an invitation through lotus notes which outlines the 
VC location for the conference call tomorrow.  It is schedule for 4:30pm UK 
time (10:30am Houston time)
Ross's background is from Investment banking ex Dresner bank, he has a PhD in 
Mathematical and is currently with speedwell weather derivatives where he has 
been developing weather derivative pricing and portfolio optimisation tools 
which they have been marketing to end-users with weather risks.
The attached word documents are articles that he has written for publication.
Nick Mooney
- MCS.doc
- Analytic.doc
- PAR.doc
FYI
Vince
Vince,
you should have received an invitation through lotus notes which outlines the 
VC location for the conference call tomorrow.  It is schedule for 4:30pm UK 
time (10:30am Houston time)
Ross's background is from Investment banking ex Dresner bank, he has a PhD in 
Mathematical and is currently with speedwell weather derivatives where he has 
been developing weather derivative pricing and portfolio optimisation tools 
which they have been marketing to end-users with weather risks.
The attached word documents are articles that he has written for publication.
Nick Mooney
- MCS.doc
- Analytic.doc
- PAR.doc
FYI
Vince
Dear Vince,
How did your meeting with the traders go yesterday?  If you heard any
feedback about our research from them, please let me know whom I may contact
to save you from forwarding our reports around every day.  I look forward to
your reply.
As usual, attached are today's issues of our daily morning faxes:
1. Financial Markets Today - FX majors and key bond markets' analyses.
2. Fixed Income Today - US treasuries, agencies, and corporates' analyses.
I look forward to your reply.
,
Vadim Pokhlebkin
Account Manager
vpokhlebkin@ideaglobal.com
tel. 1 (212) 571 4332
fax  1 (212) 571 4334
IDEAglobal.com
140 Broadway, 21st Floor
New York, NY 10005, USA
Any views expressed in this message are those of the individual sender,
except where the sender specifically states them to be the views of
IDEAglobal.com. This email, its content and any files transmitted with it
are intended solely for the addressee(s) and may be legally privileged
and/or confidential. Access by any other party is unauthorized without the
express written permission of the sender. If you have received this email in
error you may not copy or use the contents, attachments or information in
any way. Please destroy it and contact the sender via the IDEAglobal.com
switchboard in one of the following three offices: New York +1 212 571 4332;
London +44 171 430 2888; Singapore +65 332 0700
- FMT0418A.pdf
- FIT1804A.pdf
Steve,
I shall talk to Anjam about it. Our impression here in Houston is that Thomas 
is quite qualified 
and we are very interested in him. A few days will not make much difference 
in the hiring process.
Vince
Steven Leppard
04/17/2000 03:50 AM
Dale, Vince
As you all know I have attempted to get Thomas Knudsen interviewed as a 
result of Prof Lane Hughston's recommendation (Lane is an acquaintance of 
Vince and me, and is a very senior figure in the world of quant finance Anjam vetoed the idea of interviewing Thomas since he was "too old and too 
experienced".  Since I felt that Thomas has some merit, I asked Houston to 
have an informal chat with Thomas.  Houston wish to pursue the interview 
process further, and Anjam has set about setting up the interviews.  I'm 
somewhat concerned about the way in which Anjam is going about this, since it 
seems he's trying to put up barriers to these interviews.
I received a concerned email from Thomas Knudsen this morning in which he 
recounts some strange conversations with Anjam.  He says he received a call 
from Anjam on Thursday (13th April) evening (outside office hours), asking 
how he got his CV into Enron (I'd shown Anjam the email and CV back in early 
February), and how Anjam could contact him (despite the fact he was 
contacting him at that moment).
Anjam then called Thomas on his work number (bad form) on Friday 14th asking 
Thomas to come in for interviews on Monday (one working day's notice Thomas told Anjam he was going on holiday on Wednesday of this week, and that 
he'd have to see if he could make time given the need to tidy up some things 
at work.  He said he'd contact Anjam on Monday (today) to confirm his 
availability.
Today (17th April) Thomas called Anjam to say he couldn't make it, and that 
he wouldn't be able to make it for two weeks (not so serious, he thought, 
given that we're losing time to Easter anyway).  Anjam told Thomas that the 
position might be filled in two weeks' time.
Thomas is concerned about missing the boat, and I for one didn't even realise 
it was leaving so soon!
Can anyone shed any light on this?
Steve
Shirley,
No problem.
# ClasificadorCorreosGPT4
### Sistema Automático de Clasificación de Relevancia en Correos Electrónicos Empresariales Mediante GPT-4 a través de Análisis de Sentimientos.
Este proyecto implementa un clasificador de relevancias y un análisis de sentimientos para correos electrónicos, utilizando una muestra del corpus de acceso público de Enron.
I was in India last week meeting with partners and we all agreed that the 
best thing to do to move ahead regarding the old unrecovered cash calls 
("joint interest billings") was to file an arbitration proceeding and get an 
objective  third party to settle the issue.  As you know, Reliance and ONGC 
owe EOGIL approximately  $7.1 and $10.3 million, respectively (including 
interest on non-payment).  The arbitration notices reflected only the 
non-payment numbers which are $5.8 and $7.3 million for RIL and ONGC 
respectively.   We finalized the drafting and dated the notices on July 29th 
and we delivered the official notice during business hours Monday July 31, 
2000.  This was the final step in a very long effort to resolve this issue in 
other means, but as I noted to the OOC after the June meetings this was the 
only solution in the end.   While nobody likes to file arbitration, the good 
news is in the end all parties seen this as the only solution and as best as 
I can tell, at least internally ONGC and Reliance support this decision.  If 
the issue gets external, I don't know how any of the parties will respond Our goal is to keep it as low keyed as possible, but this is India and I 
would expect someone to try to make a big issue out of it.
I will be in contact with John Ambler today to discuss the details of the 
submittal and to prepare for any response to the media that may be 
necessary.  While both parties were expecting the notice, it may leak into 
the media over the next few days.  Please defer any questions or comments to 
either John Ambler, Larry Morse or myself regarding this issue.  Until John 
advises us otherwise, our comment will be as follows;
" The parties (ONGC, Reliance and Enron Oil and Gas India Limited) have had a 
dispute on certain cost items and together we have agreed it is best for the 
joint venture to have this dispute resolved by an independent third party 
using the guidelines as set forth in the Joint Operating Agreement."
Mike Smalling in our office will coordinate this matter with John Ambler and 
the appropriate staff.   I will be available to respond if necessary and my 
contact numbers are as follows;
office-713-853-5934
pager 888-493-1770
cell 713-569-4713
home 281-320-2198
Larry, please make sure our office understands that only you are to comment 
on this and any other official E&P business in India and Wade/Sanjay would 
you share this note with the appropriate people in your office so nobody is 
surprised if something comes up.  Mike Smalling, John and/or I will keep you 
informed of any  relevant events.
jeff
calendar
Tracy L Arthur@ECT
07/31/2000 11:49 AM
Paula Rieker@
07/31/2000 10:47 AM
Steve - Attached are my comments to the press release which Mark P. forwarded 
late Friday.  Please call as you get updates on the transaction during the 
week or to discuss the release - great progress so far!  THX  Paula
Please call before you leave and please send me your contact information when 
you have it for your new job.  thanks
Jane Wilson@_DEVELOPMENT
05/30/2001 07:31 AM
After almost 13 years with Enron, I've decided to pursue other opportunities 
outside of the company.  While the problems in India remain challenging and I 
have enjoyed my tenure here, the job I've been offered is really too good to 
pass up.  Thus, please consider this e:mail as formal notice of my intention 
to resign from the company, effective close of business June 16, 2001.
eserver@ on 05/30/2001 02:15:36 PM
I think it would be a good idea to get together.  I would include Eric Thode 
as he has been living through the PR battles on a daily basis.
James D Steffes
05/30/2001 08:31 PM
Steve 
In a discussion today with Mike, Kelly, etc., it was apparent that the Public 
Affairs team viewed the Bahamas LNG transaction quite cautiously.  Given the 
recent issues power plant development has had in Florida (big political 
fights that are going the wrong way), I was wondering if it made sense to 
bring together a meeting of all of Public Affairs and the deal team to 
analyze the implications of our development plans.  My primary worry is that 
P/L under water could have severe ecological implications that are not being 
internalized into the transaction.
I would like to try and arrange a meeting to (1) ensure Public Affairs 
coordination and (2) understand the deal impacts better. 
Please advise if I'm worrying for no good reason.
Jim
calendar
Linda Robertson
06/07/2001 02:55 PM
We have confirmed a meeting for you with Senator Feinstein.  In addition, we 
are presently trying to schedule you with Senators Lieberman, Landrieu, 
Hagel, Domenici, Johnson, and Cantwell.   You will be here at a very 
important time 
In addition, Ken Lay is slated to be in New York on June 15.  We are trying 
to get appointments for him with Senator Schumer and Rep. Rangel.  If we are 
unsuccessful in lining up anything for him in NY, we have "penciled in" Ken 
on Chairman Bingaman's calendar for 10:30 am that day, here in DC.  Ken is in 
NY Thursday night for an award, and I understand is planning to be in NY 
Friday night, but his calendar at present is clear during the day.  If we 
don't get the Schumer appointment in NY, I will being asking you to see if 
Ken is willing to make a quick trip during the day on Friday to DC to see 
Bingaman and, if we can get him, Leader Daschle.  I think it would be worth a 
quick trip from NY and will still allow him to be in NY that night 
See attached.  Looks fairly minor:  a 7500 dollar "contribution" to the US 
Treasury to settle up for our failure to seek license transfer authorization 
from the FCC for PGE's telecommunications licenses when we merged in 1997.
FYI should you get any media questions re this matter.
Here is the proposed consent decree I mentioned in my voice message.
I am forwarding the draft Consent Decree prepared by the FCC. Please review
and forward your comments to us. I am going to be out of town starting on
Friday  and will be gone through the following week. If you need me my
secretary can find me. Leah Medway (202-639-6723)is up to speed on this
issue and can help facilitate its resolution with the FCC.  , Bob
Mazer
++++++  - Enron Consent Decree.1.doc
The e-copy.
Richard Shapiro
05/17/2001 04:34 PM
As we discussed....... as much flesh as we can put on this by midday 
tommorrow would be quite helpful. I would think there are significant 
aggregation opportunities available to us once this is implemented. Let me 
know what else you need from me. Thanks.
revisions
Please get back to me ASAP.
Mark Palmer
34738
See my revisions (and one question).  Let's revise and circulate.
Karen Denne
06/06/2001 05:57 PM
As you are aware, Joe Hirko has announced that he will be leaving Enron.  Joe 
will be in Houston next week, and we want to offer him our best wishes and 
give him a proper send-off.
Please drop by the Energizer on Tuesday,  August 1 any time between 2:30 and 
4:00 p.m. for an open house in honor of Joe.
there!
STEVE KEAN
Date:  Monday, June 11th
Time:  11:00 a.m. (CDT)
Location: 50th Floor Boardroom
Video:  Connections will be established with remote locations upon request.
Conf call: AT&T lines have been reserved.  Please contact Sherri Sera 
(713-853-5984)
or Bill Dorsey (713-646-6505) for the weekly dail-in number and passcode.
Please indicate below whether or not you plan to attend this meeting and 
through what medium.
Yes, I will attend in person  
By video conference from  
By Conference call  No, I will not attend    (out of the country)
Please return this e-mail to me with your response by 12:00 p.m., Friday, 
June 8th. 
Thank you, 
Bill Dorsey.
Here is a photo of Steve Kean, Exec VP & Chief of Staff, Enron
odilleen@eurelectric.org on 06/05/2001 09:36:08 AM
EURELECTRIC Conference on
Electricity & Natural Gas: Evolution and Opportunities in Two Converging
Energy Markets
11 & 12 June 2001 - Centro IFEMA - Feria de Madrid, Spain
Dear Madam
Dear Sir,
I would be very grateful if you could forward to me, via e-mail, your photo,
as the Communications Department of EURELECTRIC  would like to do a summary
of each speech at the Madrid Conference & show a photo of each speaker with
each summary.
Thank you for your assistance with this.
Yours sincerely,
Oonagh Dilleen.
Oonagh Dilleen
Communications Assistant
Union of the Electricity Industry - EURELECTRIC
66, Bld de l'Imp,ratrice
1000 Bruxelles
Tel : +32 - (0)2 - 515.10.33
Fax : +32 - (0)2 - 515.10.10
Steve Kean will not be able to attend (he's out of the country).
Joan Stransky
05/30/2001 09:15 AM
Rob Bradley would like to invite you to sit at the Enron table to hear the 
new chairman of George W. Bush's Council of Economic Advisors.   The Houston 
Forum and the UH Department of Economics present:
Speaker:  Dr. Glenn Hubbard, Chair, Council of Economic Advisors
Houston Club (Texas Room - 10th Floor,  across from Chase Tower)
Date:  June 13 (Wednesday)
Time:  12:00-1:30  (registration 11:30-12:00)
Please RSVP with me Joan Stransky (3-7431) if you would like to attend.  We 
will remind you as the date approaches.
per my voicemail
Steve - per my voicemail, before we released this article that I prepared,
we wanted to run it by you to make sure that Enron is comfortable with it.
Thanks, Adam.
++++++  - 143590_1.DOC
Attached are my edits.
Please provide comments the attached minutes by June 1, 2001. If you approve 
as written, please let us know.  , Rebecca
The information contained in this email may be confidential and/or 
privileged. This email is intended to be reviewed by the individual or 
organization named above. If you are not the intended recipient, you are 
hereby notified that any review, dissemination or copying of this email or 
its attachments, if any, or the information contained herein is prohibited. 
If you have received this email in error, please immediately notify the 
sender by return email and delete this email from your system. Thank you.
Yes.  Mary will discuss with you.
Michelle Cash @ ECT   05/24/2001 04:35 PM
Did we offer her a contract in any of the scenarios 
Michelle Cash
Steven J Kean@
05/23/2001 06:40 PM
Today, Mary Joyce and I met with Wanda Curry.  I realize that there is some 
concern that Wanda is a litigation threat, so for the purposes of soliciting 
legal advice and in anticipation of litigation, I am forwarding my 
recollection of today's meeting to you:
Wanda remains very emotional about what she perceives as "unfair and 
discriminatory" treatment.  When I asked her what she meant specifically (and 
did she intend those terms to have their legal meaning), she said that she 
did not intend the legal meaning of those terms;  rather, she, on  a 
"personal" level,  felt that the company should have treated her better.  She 
mentioned specifically: that no one ever called to explain in detail why she 
had not been further promoted at Enron or given more responsibility at Enron, 
that she viewed the job in Sally Beck's organization as unsatisfactory 
(because Sally should be treated as a peer, not a superior), and that she 
felt as though she did not have the support of upper management of the 
company.
I described several options for her:
Take the job she was offered in Sally Beck's organization;
Take the job in Rick Buy's organization (I said I would have to talk to Rick 
again)
Take severence under the standard package;
Take severence as a "business reorg" but consult with Enron for a period.
At first she seemed most interested in the fourth option (although she wasn't 
particularly happy about any of the  alternatives), but at the end of the 
discussion expressed interest in the second option.
A large part of the conversation involved discussion of Wanda's complaints 
about how she had been treated.  Most of Wanda's concerns focussed on jobs 
she did not get, or jobs she felt were taken from her, reduced scope of 
control, and the fact that she felt that her supervisors did not communicate 
with her sufficiently prior to or subsequent to making their decisions about 
job assignments.  I suggested that there were likely two sides to the story 
and that most of the problem was insufficient communication or perhaps some 
insensitivity.  I also pointed out that in all my conversations I heard good 
things about her performance and had no indication that anyone had treated 
her unfairly.
Wanda did complain about many things, but never once complained about her pay 
at Enron.
Mary, these are my recollections from today.  Do you have anything to add?
enjoy!
I just had to share this with you.  I hope you haven't seen it already.
Thought you'd enjoy this.
00:49:13 -0500
00:59:27 2001 -0500
X-Proxy: keymaster.bracepatt.com protected
finally 
(See attached file: windmilldavis.gif)
- windmilldavis.gif
Humberto - I forwarded your resume to Barry Hunsaker who is general counsel 
at EOG Resources.  As you may know, EOG used to be Enron Oil and Gas, a 
majority-owned Enron subsidiary.  A couple of years ago, Enron sold its 
interest in EOG and it became a stand alone company.  EOG Resources has been 
doing very well.  I don't know if they are looking for lawyers now, but I 
think I sent your resume to the right place.
Dear Steve:? With sincere and advance thanks, and pursuant to your recent 
conversation with my brother, George, I attach a copy of?the short version?of 
my resume.? I have a longer detailed version, as well as numerous references, 
that I will be pleased to furnish you.? In addition, I am at your disposal at 
any time that?you or any others at ENRON should wish to meet with me Again,?my thanks for your assistance and guidance. 
?
Kind ?
?
Beto Kuhn
Cell:? 713/ 906-8463
Res:? 713/ 467-3974
- RESUME HGK,Short Form 05-01.doc
Maureen - please forward on to Barry when you get his e-mail address.
Barry - I don't know Humberto personally, but looking over his resume, I 
thought he might be a fit in your organization.
Dear Steve:? With sincere and advance thanks, and pursuant to your recent 
conversation with my brother, George, I attach a copy of?the short version?of 
my resume.? I have a longer detailed version, as well as numerous references, 
that I will be pleased to furnish you.? In addition, I am at your disposal at 
any time that?you or any others at ENRON should wish to meet with me Again,?my thanks for your assistance and guidance. 
?
Kind ?
?
Beto Kuhn
Cell:? 713/ 906-8463
Res:? 713/ 467-3974
- RESUME HGK,Short Form 05-01.doc
I think it starts off a bit too hot.  I would pull up some of the arguments 
you make about the need for additional supply and the importance of 
electricity to our way of life.  I'd then go into a discussion of the debacle 
in the West (and how they are now playing catchup - with loud, polluting 
diesel generators ... as was reported today).  Then I'd go into how our 
plants in Florida represent a very reasonable, inobtrusive solution for 
Florida.
In support of of our three power plant proposals in South Florida, I have 
written an editorial for distribution to South Florida newspapers, including 
the Sun Sentinel and Miami Herald.  Additionally, we would distribute it to a 
number of small city papers, including the Pompano Pelican, Deerfield Times, 
Pompano Times, Deerfield Observer, etc.
Needless to say, no decision has been made regarding releasing it.  I would 
like your input on the subject.  If we decide to proceed, our goal would be 
placement during the first week in June leading up to the next round of 
Commission hearings, which are scheduled for June 6, 8 and 12.
Please provide comments to me at your earliest convenience.  If you have any 
questions, please call me at ext. 3-9053.
Thanks.
Eric
Congratulations!
Gary Fitch@ on 07/27/2000 12:02:47 PM
Bill, we hit a home run this morning with HCAD.  They have agreed to take my 
reduced valuation on the Enron fleet.  A reduction of  $16,079,000 in taxable 
value.  This results in savings of $482,375.  That's not all, our allocation 
based on records for operations outside of the state of Texas resulted in 
additional savings of $1,559,638. Total savings to our 2000 budget will be 
$2,042,013 
eserver@ on 05/24/2001 03:37:44 PM
Is this it?  I thought we had heard it from "3 or 4" sources 
The attorney for SoCal Edison mentioned it to Randy Rich when they were 
discussing the data request that SoCal Edison sent ENA/EES in the CPUC 
complaint proceeding.  However, it has not been brought up in any of the 
testimony filed in the case, nor raised at the hearing.
Steven J Kean@
05/23/2001 05:34 PM
I just spoke with Clark Smith, head of Elpaso's merchant arm.  I told him 
that we had been hearing that El Paso was blaming Enrononline for problems in 
Western gas markets.  He asked for some more specifics about who exactly was 
spreading the rumor (I told him we had heard it from 3-4 sources).  He 
acknowledged that EOL was not the problem; said he couldn't believe that it 
had been identified as such; and said he would bring it up on his call with 
his Washington team this afternoon.
I think he will put it to rest (except for whatever damage has already been 
done).  I did promise to get some more specifics on who has told us that El 
Paso pointed to us.  Can anybody give some info on that?
fyi
Steve:
The NARUC panel will be held on July 16th from 8 - 10 am.   They have invited 
DOE Secretary Abraham, and Senators Murkowski and Bingaman to participate 
Lisa 
I saw your e-mail response.  Did it go to Oxley too?
On May 10, 2001, a memo was sent out regarding "Peer Group Mapping".  This 
mapping is intended to illustrate from a functional view point where each 
activity was placed at Year End 2000 VP PRC.
Please refer to the attached original memo, if you have not responded to 
David Oxley and have any comments 
please respond to him by May 25, 2001.
Dave Delainey
Following my note last week please find attached the consolidated peer group 
mapping for all business units. This mapping is intended to illustrate from a 
functional view point where each activity was placed at Year End 2000 VP PRC.
We were considering moving to a 3 Peer Group Structure however it as agreed 
at the last PRC Committee Meeting  to stay with the current structure since 
the data had been cleaned and everyone felt generally comfortable where most 
activities had been placed with the exception of just  2 or 3. It was agreed 
that we should concentrate on resolving these rather than undertaking an 
organization wide remapping excercise to consolidate to 3 Peer Groups. All 
functions/activities within the business units should now be reflected on the 
acttached. 
The actions points from this excercise are:
1 to review and agree the attached mapping 
2    consider and comment on highlighted groups that we have discussed in 
previous PRC meetings and ask for your comments or objections to moving them  
as indicated on the attachment.
3 invite your comments or questions on any other function that you consider 
questionable or requiring further explanation.
Please return your comments to David Oxley by Friday May 25.
To have this discussion now will save lengthy discussions in the final 
VP/MD PRC Meetings.  Definitions of the peer groups are also attached for 
your ease of
reference.
eserver@ on 05/24/2001 03:02:16 PM
We are discontinuing the executive car wash.  You, Steve and I should talk.
Steve 
I will be taking this Friday, the 18th, off on vacation.  Here are notes for 
your staff meeting.
Buyer/Seller have executed Offer Letter on Falcon EX ($32,750,000 price Aircraft goes to pre-purchase inspection this weekend.  Close is no later 
than June 6th.  All indications are that buyer is very motivated to complete 
the deal.
Enron Center South (ECS) Project remains solidly on track.  We are 10 weeks 
out on initial occupancy with Level 3 occupancy (EGM moves Aug. 3rd).  Levels 
4 (EIM, ENW, & Credit.Com) occupies two weeks later (Aug. 17).  Level 5 
(Power) occupies two weeks after (Aug. 31st  - Labor Day weekend).  Level 6 
(Gas) occupies two weeks after (Sept. 14th).  Level 7 (Executive) and the 1st 
floor public spaces occupies year end.  Level 2 (Cafeteria) opens Nov.
Found a Law firm interested in Azurix's present space in Three Allen Center 
(3 floors).  Goal is cut deal and have them in by year end.
Enron Broadband indicates an intent to remain on their present ECN floors 
(Levels 44 and 45), plus backfill balance of operations into Wholesale's 
vacated trading floors.  This splits them into two elevator banks and becomes 
problematic for ETS - who wants continuous floors, ECN Levels 39 through 46.
We are seeking subtenants for Broadband's Portland office space.  They plan 
to vacate the Riverplace building by Oct. 
Negotiating new food service contract with Sedexo Marriott to add ECS 
cafeteria.  Total compensation will be based on 3% fee on gross revenue only on individual sales of $2 or more (promote greater # of meals served) 
and bonus based on sharing of net operating income with Enron.  Global 
Sourcing is participating with us in negotiations.
Need to decide if Executive Car Care program is going to be continued (30 
executives participate with employee paying $70 per month and business units 
subsidizing $275 per month).  Decision needed because new Garage will require 
$60K in improvements to get set up for car washing.  Present lease on remote 
car washing facility (@ $5k per month) expired and we are on month to month 
holdover.
We are two weeks out to close on Beltway 8 land deal ($1.7 purchase price Real estate being acquired for construction of new $18 mill. Data Center and 
Disaster Recovery Facility.  Phillipe and I meet with Frevert next week to 
get approvals.
- Bill
eserver@ on 05/17/2001 05:28:07 PM
Fax the attached word document to Jeff ASAP, thanks.
These are the materials that Ken Lay used in his discussions with California 
business leaders.  The word document was provided as background.  Please keep 
confidential and if I've missed anyone please forward along.  Comments are 
welcome and appreciated.
Best,
Jeff
I'll be happy to accomodate.  I can take you through Enron's view of how 
markets overall are evolving and how we approach those markets.  I'd also 
like to spend some time reviewing interstate transmission policy and how it 
affects Western energy markets.
Steve, it was great to meet you and hear your remarks yesterday.  For the 
speaking engagement next Wednesday, I would like you to focus upon the Enron 
strategic model of virtual integration of market forces in the evolution of 
energy development.  Wyoming represents a huge material resource base and the 
commission is charged with the development and promotion of such.  But the 
Governor's message is that we cannot see ourselves as producers and exporters 
in the traditional sense.  We will continue to have the status of a colony if 
we do not recognize the new dynamics of how these market places are 
evolving.  If you set the stage with a presentation of Enron strategy, then 
we will discuss how a state, with its agencies and auathority can play a role 
in this evolution.  I have set your time for 45 minutes, which can include a 
short Qand A period.  But your message can be as succint as you can make it 
and get the point across.  You may have to present the Enron case a number of 
different ways, but the Governor will give you latitude to make the point You will be welcome to participate in a following panel which will address 
role playing by the state and the commission.  Plan to join us for lunch.  If 
you need more detail, let me know.  Thanks!  Stephen
Could you please put together a combined presentation : Enron's strategy and 
the need for open access on the transmission system?
Steve, it was great to meet you and hear your remarks yesterday.  For the 
speaking engagement next Wednesday, I would like you to focus upon the Enron 
strategic model of virtual integration of market forces in the evolution of 
energy development.  Wyoming represents a huge material resource base and the 
commission is charged with the development and promotion of such.  But the 
Governor's message is that we cannot see ourselves as producers and exporters 
in the traditional sense.  We will continue to have the status of a colony if 
we do not recognize the new dynamics of how these market places are 
evolving.  If you set the stage with a presentation of Enron strategy, then 
we will discuss how a state, with its agencies and auathority can play a role 
in this evolution.  I have set your time for 45 minutes, which can include a 
short Qand A period.  But your message can be as succint as you can make it 
and get the point across.  You may have to present the Enron case a number of 
different ways, but the Governor will give you latitude to make the point You will be welcome to participate in a following panel which will address 
role playing by the state and the commission.  Plan to join us for lunch.  If 
you need more detail, let me know.  Thanks!  Stephen
fyi
Vinio Floris@
07/26/2000 03:00 PM
Steve and Rick,
This is just to inform you that I have been involved with the Camisea gas 
project in Peru since Shell-Mobil developed it several years ago. As you can 
see in the article below, Enron is one of the possible candidates for getting 
the transportation and distribution contract. I am in continuous contact with 
Roberto Pensotti, the lead developer for the this deal. Roberto knows that I 
have strong contacts in the government and the private sector in Peru, and I 
would be more than happy to help in any way possible. I will keep you posted 
on this issue.  , Vinio
Thanks.  We are preparing a memo (John has seen it) to go out to each of our 
offices telling them about this incident (and the related ones that occurred 
the same day) and including some tips on how to handle such confrontations in 
the future.
John_Presley@.net on 05/23/2001 02:14:25 PM
Steve/Mark,
I have looked into the demonstration by the ACORN group which occurred on 5/21
at our New York Office (780 3rd Ave). I believe you are well aware of the
incident as the office there immediately contacted Mark Palmers group. I will
respond to the building management to discuss security issues and to gain a
better understanding of the security posture of the facility. If you have any
questions or require further follow-up please let me know. - John P.
John Presley
Business Controls
Enron Corp (EB4646)
Ext. 58208
Steve/Mark - I have asked John Presley to look into this.  I am leaving the
building right now, but John will be in touch.  Please contact him (58208) if
you need anything before he calls you.
John
John Brindle
Enron Corporation
Business Controls
Tel: 713.853.3843
Fax:713.646.8838
email: John_Brindle@.net
John
I have just gotten off the phone with the building management for our facility
in New York. We were picketed at 780 3rd Ave and the 100 picketeers stormed 
the
lobby. We will accrue some additional costs for added security and apparatntly
the local police were not really on top of the deal. He would like us to 
provide
any advance notice if we ever have access to this information. Our office was
spared as thet shut down the elevators during the disturbance.
He will be happy to speak with you.
I am on my cell     713.560.7763
Paula
thanks
I spoke with Donna Bobbish this morning about Steve's question -- does the 
President have broader authority to take action during times of crisis Donna sent me this quick write up about what she has looked into so far Because these questions go beyond a FERC practitioner's expertise, we asked 
Donna to work with a Constitutional Law expert at V&E to determine whether, 
and under what circumstances, the President's authority may be extended 
beyond the authorities discussed in the memo 
We will let you know what we learn from that further research.
Sarah
"Bobbish, Donna J."  	05/23/2001 12:16 PM
Sarah:  In response to Steve's inquiry, I did look into this question
briefly when you first gave me the assignment.  I read an interesting law
review article  on "The Imposition of Martial Law in the United States," for
a discussion of presidential powers.  There is no general emergency
authority granted the President in the U.S.  Constitution.  Also, the
article discussed the famous "Truman steel mills case," Youngstown Sheet &
Tube Co. v. Sawyer, 343 U.S. 579 (1952), in which the Supreme Court declared
unconstitutional President Truman's seizure of the steel mills during the
Korean War.  In that case, in light of a threatened national-wide strike in
the national steel industry, President Truman, concerned about the national
defense, issued an Executive Order directing the Secretary of Commerce to
take possession of most of the steel mills and keep them running.  The
Supreme Court said that if the President had authority to take such  an
action, he had to derive it either from an act of Congress or the
Constitution itself.  Since the Supreme Court could not find any seizure
authority, it invalidated the President's action.  The Supreme Court also
rejected the argument that the President had any powers that could be
implied from the aggregate of his powers under the Constitution.
Based on the Truman steel mills case, I thought it the wiser course of
action to look for specific authorities given to the President by statute
which might prove useful.
I could look into this question further, if you would like, but we would be
entering "martial law-type" legal territory, where the President would be
acting outside of specific Constitutional or congressional authority (which
has been described a "zone of twilight"), and in light of the Truman steel
mills case, I don't know how fruitful that might be.
Please let me know if you would like me to do anything more.  Thank you.
Donna
++++++ fyi
a number of legislators have told us that they were going to call or send Ken 
a note of apology for Lockyer's quote...would be interested in anyone 
actually did it...thanks
Is Jeff available?
Richard Shapiro
05/23/2001 03:17 PM
We should do it.,....and should check Ken or Jeff's availability.
Steve and Rick:
I just received a call from NARUC's meeting coordinator, and she is putting 
together a panel of speakers to address "what is needed to achieve a balanced 
energy policy" at the summer committee meeting.   The panel will consist of 2 
state commissioners, a consumer "type", an environmental advocate, and an 
energy CEO.  She is interested in having someone from Enron on the panel, 
which is scheduled for July 16th in Seattle. 
Are we interested in doing this 
Lisa 
Looks good to me.  I'm glad you had the chance to work with Linda.
Jeannie Mandelker@ECT
05/23/2001 03:31 PM
Linda, thanks for making time for me today.
This is the eBiz article we'd like to run Friday. I need your comments by 
noon tomorrow.
You can e-mail them back or  reach me at 3-6305. 
Thanks,
Jeannie
This looks like a run-of-the-mill conference except that the guest list is 
fairly senior.  Any interest? If not, let Amy know.
Steve,
Attached is information about a conference sponsored by the Association of 
Energy Services Professionals International (AESP) taking place this August We received a request for an EES Executive speaker for the Symposium, but 
felt that it would be more appropriate for an Executive from Corporate to 
consider speaking here.  There are Executives from companies such as The New 
Power Company, Cinergy and Entergy committed to speaking at the event.  More 
information can be found in the document below.
Please let me know if you have questions or comments.
Thank you,
Amy Buehler
713.853.7635
Please send any comments directly to Peggy.
Peggy Mahoney@EES
05/24/2001 12:32 AM
Attached is the first Q&A draft.  Please review, add questions, edit, etc This will be used as a guide for media and government affairs responses 
Evan/Diann - It needs to be tailored for use as a customer service script.
There are some blanks we could use your help on - noted in blue 
Max Eberts at 58804 and Beth Tilney at 35022 will be the contacts for edits
via email or by phone.  I will call-in when I arrive in Washington at about 
1:30pm.
Thanks
Peggy
I just spoke with Clark Smith, head of Elpaso's merchant arm.  I told him 
that we had been hearing that El Paso was blaming Enrononline for problems in 
Western gas markets.  He asked for some more specifics about who exactly was 
spreading the rumor (I told him we had heard it from 3-4 sources).  He 
acknowledged that EOL was not the problem; said he couldn't believe that it 
had been identified as such; and said he would bring it up on his call with 
his Washington team this afternoon.
I think he will put it to rest (except for whatever damage has already been 
done).  I did promise to get some more specifics on who has told us that El 
Paso pointed to us.  Can anybody give some info on that?
STEVE KEAN
Executive Committee Weekly Meeting
Date:  Tuesday, May 29
Time:  11:00 a.m. (CDT)
Location: 50th Floor Boardroom
Video:  Connections will be established with remote locations upon request.
Conf. Call: AT&T lines have been reserved.  Please contact Sherri Sera 
(713/853-5984) or 
Suzanne Danz (713/853-6440) for the weekly dial-in number and passcode.
Please indicate below whether or not you plan to attend this meeting and 
through what medium.
Yes, I will attend in person  ___X___
By video conference from  ______
By conference call   ______
No, I will not attend   ______
Please return this e-mail to me with your response by 12:00 p.m., Friday, May 
25.
Thank you,
Suzanne 
Is there anything we can tell them about the rates they should expect from 
the utility?  I think that will be the biggest concern and we can reduce 
backlash if we can provide them some information.
Peggy Mahoney@EES
05/22/2001 06:37 PM
Attached is a draft of the letter we'd like to send to our 16,000 residential 
customers on Friday.  Please
review and let me know your comments by 12 noon on Wednesday.
Sherri Sera@
08/01/2000 09:15 AM
Steve, Mark -
Here's the link to the entire message in the event you're interested...you'll 
go through several links to get all the information that was posted.  In 
addition to the Corporate Watch article, there is an Environmental Defense 
Scorecard on Enron's Methanol Plant in Deer Park, TX, and the old Amnesty 
International article on human rights issues in India 
I think we need to keep the pressure on.  I liked the way our basic message=20
was evolving over the course of last week.  As you pointed out, the Japanese=20
utilities view us as just another annoying US company who is going to come=20
in, bang its head against the wall for a few months and then leave.  We need=20
to continue to reinforce the message that not only are we not going away, we=20
are starting other businesses here to keep us going while we continue to=20
agitate for reform in the electricity sector.
Nicholas O'Day
05/21/2001 04:37 AM
To date, reports on Enron's role in California have been limited to a reprint=20
of a Sacramento Bee article appearing in the Denki Shimbun - a limited=20
circulation publication sponsored by the Japanese utilities. Last Friday Mr=20
Ohta, President of Chubu Electric and Chairman of the Federation of Electric=20
Power Companies, made some uninformed comments at a regular energy press club=20
briefing about Enron's commitment to its Californian customers . Ohta will be=20
retiring from both positions in two weeks.=20
In the past both Chubu Electric and the Federation of Electric Power=20
Companies have distanced themselves from Mr Ohta's public comments which are=20
generally considered to be ultra conservative and unsupported by facts. As a=20
result, we have tended to ignore his comments. However, on this occasion I=20
think we need to set the record straight on Enron's role in California. I=20
would welcome your thoughts on whether we should let the comments pass or=20
respond.
Over the past few months we have received various statements from Houston=20
(for both internal and external consumption) explaining Enron's role in=20
California. Most recently (May 10) we received from Peggy Mahoney (via Vance)=20
an EES statement dated 1 February entitled "Media Statement about EES=20
Resourcing California Customers". It would be helpful if there is a=20
comprehensive statement that has recently been put together that we could=20
distribute here. If not, we can put something together here tomorrow and=20
email it across to you for approval, with the aim of getting something out=20
Wednesday.
As an aside, we had a record 3,766 visitors to the EJ website last Friday,=20
the day the Brattle paper appeared on the website.
kind         =20
Tom Fitzgibbon
05/21/2001 04:15 PM
Please find attached translation of the article "Scathing Comment at Press=20
Conference by Hiroji Ota, Chairman of The Federation of Electric Power=20
Companies of Japan Thumbs-Up for Bush=01,s New Policy, and Thumbs-Down for Enron=01,
s Proposals" from Nikkan Kogyo Shinbum
dated May 21.
This is a thorough and helpful analysis.  But, have we considered the broader 
emergency powers the president might have (i.e. beyond the clean air act 
waivers requested by a governor)?  It would seem that the importance of the 
defense business in California, the large number of military facilities, the 
public safety hazards of widespread blackouts, etc. ought to trigger some 
broader authority 
Richard Shapiro
05/21/2001 05:26 PM
FYI
Linda Robertson
05/21/2001 03:03 PM
Here's a first draft of the emergency powers memo Sarah put together with 
V&E.  We are still awaiting one more section on the Federal Reserve's 
authority.  As you will note, there is remarkable authority vested in the 
President, including eminent domain.  Please note page 7, which read in 
combination with footnote #4 gives wide authority to the Federal government Let's decide soon how we want to use this memo.  Thanks.
- 140855_1.DOC
What do you make of this?
Should have pointed out to look at last sentence of letter.  Jeff seemed 
particularly concerned about it.  Rob Walls has been in charge of an ongoing 
investigation/inquiry, so may be able to shed some light on it. SRS
Rob,
I read parts of the attached letter to Rebecca this morning....she asked that 
I forward to you to investigate.
Loretta
____________________________________________________________
Do You Yahoo!?
For regular News updates go to  
I'll do it.  I saw Steve Reynolds (the govs assistant), today, and told him I 
would do it.  I have a lot of respect for Geringer.  I may try to persuade 
them that they should reach out to FERC and Congress as a state that sees the 
need for a federal role in transmiission and encourages FERC to act.  Any 
background you have would be most appreciated.
Steve--unfortunately, I really do need you to do this one 
Steven J Kean
05/17/2001 12:04 PM
I'd prefer to skip.  How big of a problem would that be?
Steve/RIck ---as you may be aware, Governor Geringer personally asked Ken Lay 
to come to the kick off meeting of the Wyoming Energy Task Force, a group 
that was created by legislative mandate last month.  The meeting is on May 
30th in Cheyenne.  Mr. Lay told the Governor that he would not be able to 
make it on that date, but promised that a senior Enron exectutive would be 
there.  I spoke with Governor Geringer's staff person again this past week 
and was hoping that Paul Kaufman could be the senior executive, but no such 
luck (unless you give Paul a huge new title 
In talking with Maureen I understand that you have a previous conflict Steve, 
but I am hoping that you can review your calendar to see if you could make an 
adjustment in order to meet the request of the Governor.  Your speech would 
be in the morning--I've been told about 9 o clock or so---which would allow 
for you to leave by noonish.
I
SAVE THE DATE!
The EES Associate and Analyst Mid-year 2001 PRC will be held on June 8, 2001.
Details to follow.
Terry Bosien
HR Manager, Associate and Analyst Program
ext. 35230
Hello Sue:
What time would Steve need to be there and what time can he leave?  I need to 
start thinking about flights.
Thanks 
Steve--unfortunately, I really do need you to do this one 
Steven J Kean
05/17/2001 12:04 PM
I'd prefer to skip.  How big of a problem would that be?
Steve/RIck ---as you may be aware, Governor Geringer personally asked Ken Lay 
to come to the kick off meeting of the Wyoming Energy Task Force, a group 
that was created by legislative mandate last month.  The meeting is on May 
30th in Cheyenne.  Mr. Lay told the Governor that he would not be able to 
make it on that date, but promised that a senior Enron exectutive would be 
there.  I spoke with Governor Geringer's staff person again this past week 
and was hoping that Paul Kaufman could be the senior executive, but no such 
luck (unless you give Paul a huge new title 
In talking with Maureen I understand that you have a previous conflict Steve, 
but I am hoping that you can review your calendar to see if you could make an 
adjustment in order to meet the request of the Governor.  Your speech would 
be in the morning--I've been told about 9 o clock or so---which would allow 
for you to leave by noonish.
I
Dear Christine:
Unfortunately, Steve has been out of the country call week.  He will return 
to the office tomorrow.  Let me get back with you early tomorrow regarding 
the presentation.
If you need to contact me, please call me at 713-853-1808.
Maureen McVicker
Executive Assistants
Christine Velez Badar  Dear Mr. Kean,
Heidi Van Genderen asked me to send you a reminder notice.  We will be
loading all the power point presentations onto 1 laptop.  If you could
please send me your presentation by friday morning (5/18), it would be
greatly appreciated 
Christine Velez Badar
The Centers at University of Colorado-Denver
1445 Market St., Suite 380
Denver,  CO  80202
phone: 303.820.5674
fax: 303.820.5656
email: cbadar@carbon.cudenver.edu
I'd prefer to skip.  How big of a problem would that be?
Steve/RIck ---as you may be aware, Governor Geringer personally asked Ken Lay 
to come to the kick off meeting of the Wyoming Energy Task Force, a group 
that was created by legislative mandate last month.  The meeting is on May 
30th in Cheyenne.  Mr. Lay told the Governor that he would not be able to 
make it on that date, but promised that a senior Enron exectutive would be 
there.  I spoke with Governor Geringer's staff person again this past week 
and was hoping that Paul Kaufman could be the senior executive, but no such 
luck (unless you give Paul a huge new title 
In talking with Maureen I understand that you have a previous conflict Steve, 
but I am hoping that you can review your calendar to see if you could make an 
adjustment in order to meet the request of the Governor.  Your speech would 
be in the morning--I've been told about 9 o clock or so---which would allow 
for you to leave by noonish.
I
Thanks.  Yes, I did know about the conference.  Ken has a copy of the study 
and made reference to it several times during our visits to Sac. a couple of 
weeks ago.  It's nice to occasionally see some rational thinking in 
California I look forward to catching up with you when I get back to town.
Suzanne     
Hope you are keeping your head above water.  I wanted to let you know about
this request.  As you know, we did work for the Bay Area Council.  I don't
know if you will be joining Ken on this, but I did send you a copy of the
report a couple of weeks ago.  I did not send one to Ken, but will.  Let me
know if you need any additional copies.
Lenny 
Mendonca Nimocks/HOU/NorthAmerica/MCKINSEY                                          Subject:     Re: Kenneth Lay, 
Chairman Enron                                           (Document link: Suzanne 
Nimocks   
Good idea.  Jacqui knows my calendar
Lenny Mendonca
phone: 415-954-5161
fax 415-675-4990
"Alana 
O'Brien                                                Subject:     Kenneth Lay, 
Chairman Enron   
200 Pine Street, Suite 300 * San Francisco, CA 94104-2702
Phone (415) 981-6600 * Fax (415) 981-6408
Info@bayareacouncil.org
Lenny, Tony and Paul,
We have been contacted by Janet Yamane of Marathon Communications inviting
the Bay Area Council to sponsor a meeting with Bay Area  CEOs and Kenneth
Lay, Chairman of Enron, who will be visiting California this week to
discuss
energy and on.  She offered 5/17 am but added that if that wasn't available
that another time could be scheduled further on.  Sunne wanted your opinion
on this request.
Fred Furlong, Federal Reserve Bank is not available 5/17 am.  So that date
really won't work.  Please advise.
Alana
Alana O'Brien
Vice President - Operations & Event Management
415-981-6600
|  eserver@ on 05/16/2001 10:46:18 AM
I won't be going.  Let's look for an alternate.  I'd be happy to come to DC.
Stephen D Burns@
07/31/2000 10:53 AM
Mack McLarty and his people would like to get together with you in Los 
Angeles during the Dem convention to discuss our Southern Cone issues, 
strategies, etc.  Will you be there on the Monday?
Steve
Steve:
Speaking of LA, I have spoken to Mack's scheduler, Andrea, and it appears
that he'd be available for this on Monday AM -- don't know how that fits
into the Enron schedule.  It probably makes the most sense to have her
coordinate any such meeting.  How would you recommend that we proceed?
Thanks, Kellie
Yes, please.
I noticed that several groups within your overall organization charged 
tickets or our suite to their cost centers this month.  I know of the 
business purpose for a couple, but not all.  Let me know if you're interested 
in this info and I'll get more data from Greg.
Please set up some time with Linda.
Norm Spalding@_DEVELOPMENT
05/16/2001 02:26 PM
Steve, I'm not sure if you remember me, but I was the gentleman that talked 
to you at the Floor Meeting on April 18th for ETS personnel.
If you remember, I mentioned that some of our engineering people had 
transferred to EES last year and that now they all want back due to the mass 
confusion in that organization such as billings being done on Excel 
spreadsheets, no one being allowed to talk to other groups, etc. etc. 
Today, one of these employees, Linda Uselman, paid me a visit to inform me of 
her resignation from EES.  I mentioned to Linda about my discussion with you 
and she said she would very much like to share with you what is going on in 
EES.
Linda was one of our best employees.  While we hated to see her go to EES, we 
thought this was for the good of Enron.  Now we see that everyone lost on 
this deal.
Thanks, Norm
Feel free to call me at 713.853.1586.
"Ron Crane"  	05/16/2001 04:40 PM
Dear Sirs:
I am trying to find an address and phone number to contact Mr. Steve Kean, 
Exec. VP at Enron Corp. as a possible speaker for an energy panel being put 
together for the Western State Treasurer's Assn. meeting in July in Sun 
Valley, Idaho.
Could you please provide me with an address to send him a letter of 
invitation and a phone number to contact him?
Thank you for your consideration.
Ron G. Crane
Idaho State Treasurer
(208) 334-3200
Statehouse    Room 102
700 W. Jefferson
Boise, ID  83720
Is this a 2001 question?  If so it seems to me we shouldn't bother with it If this is a 2002 question, then let;s discuss
Richard Shapiro
05/16/2001 07:19 PM
Can you help me on this one?
Peter Styles@ECT
05/16/2001 02:07 PM
I frankly don't see Enron Europe getting $12,000 per month value from 
"Environment" nor "Environmental policy and compliance". I have raised with 
the Washington office why someone there is apparently following European 
environmental legislation and policy, when such things can only directly 
affect Enron Europe's business. I see that PR get hit with more than twice 
this amount to pay for our "Chief Environmental Officer". By copy I'm asking 
RIck Shapiro's view; we could obviously take the question up direct with 
Steve Kean.
Doug may wish to comment on the international project finance allocation, 
also from Washington.
We need to schedule a review with you of the May indicative expenditure 
report. Would late pm on 29th be convenient?
All, please review the below Corporate allocations for April.  Total 
allocations for the month are below plan by $1.1m.  Congratulations to HR who 
managed to get a net credit from Corp of $165k.  If you have any questions 
please get back to your management accountant or myself.
,
Stephen x34738
Thank you for the information.  Unfortunately, we are not interested at this 
time.
Lorna Clark  Steve:
Approximately 3 weeks ago we sent you a Sponsorship proposal 
for Ware Racing.
We are curious if you've had the time to look our package over.
We have tried unsuccessfully to reach you by phone and understand 
that you are very busy.
If you have time, would you please contact us reguarding this matter.
You can reach us by phone or fax at (905) 680-1568 or on the net at
dlpits@yahoo.com.
We look forward to hearing from you.
Thank-you,
Dave/Lorna Clark
Allied Motorsports (representing WARE Racing)
__________________________________________________
Do You Yahoo!?
Yahoo! Auctions - buy the things you want at great prices
Hi Terri:
I'll be glad to add you to the email list.  Thanks for letting us know.
Maureen McVicker
Steve Kean's Asst.
Mr. Kean, please add my name/email address to your distribution list.  I am
John Harrison's assitant. (I am afraid he might have missed a call or two.)
Thanks a bunch!
Terri.Hamby@elpaso.com
The Governor's advisors will not be prepared to discuss the credit issues on 
Friday.    A new dial in number has been set up for a conference call amongst 
the sellers 
The time and participant codes remain the same - only the dial in # has 
changed 
DATE:  Friday, May 18th
TIME:   10:00 am (Central) - should last approx 1 hour
CALL IN #:  1-877-322-9648     (this is the new dial in 
HOST CODE: 564778   (Steve Kean's use only)
PARTICIPANT
CODE:  285987
Attached is the most recent/revised sellers contact list 
Message from Steve Kean:
We understand that the Governor's advisors are not prepared to discuss credit 
issues at this time.  The conference call scheduled for Friday, May 18th has 
been cancelled.
Please let me know when you are ready for us to set up the call.
Thank you.
Steve Kean, of Enron, will be attending on May 22nd.
Dear All:
We are pleased that you will attend the May 22-23 Forum on Securing the
Energy Future of the Western United States in Denver.  Please confirm this
by sending a quick note in reply to this e-mail that you can attend.
If you are coming in from out of town and you would like a hotel room at the
Denver City Center Marriott for May 21st and/or May 22nd, please note that
in your response, as well.  Rooms are available at $89/night.  We will
compile a room list from here, however, and you will not need to make a
reservation directly.  We will send you a confirmation number, once you have
sent us your hotel needs.
Some brief logistics regarding the Forum:
?   Registration will begin at 7:15 a.m. on Tuesday, May 22nd on the fourth
floor of the Chamber of Commerce building, 1445 Market Street.  The Forum
will start promptly at 8 a.m.  A continental breakfast will be available
beginning at 7:15 a.m.  For those of you coming from the Marriott, either
walk or take the free 16th Street mall shuttle west to Market Street, turn
left or south on Market Street, walk two blocks to the red brick building
with the blue star on it.   Parking lots are readily available in the
vicinity of the Chamber building at a cost of $6-$8/day.
?   The Forum will recess by 5:00 p.m. on the 22nd, but we will reconvene at
6:30 p.m.at the Marriott for a cocktail reception prior to dinner at 7:15
p.m.   We would like everyone to come to the dinner.  It is part of the
program.  Chris Hessler and Chris Miller of the U.S. Senate=01,s Environment
and Public Works Committee will speak on Congressional and Administration
policy.
?   Dress for the Forum is =01&Denver-style,=018 i.e., casual.  The same is true for
dinner.
?   On May 23rd, a continental breakfast will be served beginning at 7 a.m.
with that morning=01,s program beginning promptly at 7:30 a.m.   The meeting
will move to the second floor of the Chamber building in the Junior
Achievement Room, just left off the elevator, in the Chamber building.
?   We hope that everyone will remain at the table for the day and a half
Forum.  This is important given the critical nature of the Forum=01,s agenda.
Please don=01,t hesitate to contact me with any questions, comments or
concerns.   My colleagues and I look forward to seeing you on May 22nd.
Sue Green
Administrative Assistant
Institute for Public Policy
University of Colorado at Denver
1445 Market Street, Suite 350
Denver, CO  80202
Tel - 303-820-5602
Fax - 303-534-8774
fyi -- further distribute this message as you see fit.
Karen Denne
05/15/2001 09:07 PM
fyi Vance Meyer
05/15/2001 06:47 PM
Here are the scheduled times for Jeff's "The Players" segment on "Business 
Unusual," the taping he did for Arthur Anderson.
Vance
CNN
Sunday, May 20th
5:30 Central
(a.m. and p.m.)
CNNfn
Monday, 5/21 - Friday, 5/25
7:00 p.m. & 10:30 p.m. Central
CNN international
Europe:
Saturday, 5/19: 1130 CET
Sunday, 5/20: 1930 CET
Asia:
Saturday, 5/19: 1030 HK
Sunday, 5/20: 1630 HK
Latin America:
Saturday, 5/19: 930 BA
Sunday, 5/20: 1030 BA
I agree with Mark's points.  While we have advocated our merger with PGE 
(which did not concentrate market power) we have intervened in opposition to 
most others.  Moreover, there is some hope that the German government will 
take the opportunity to use the proposed utility merger to force greater open 
access.   We will likely encourage that action and may oppose the merger 
otherwise.   Most mergers in this industry are defensive, not procompetitive, 
and, in my view, deserve no credit for convergence, innovation, or 
liberlization.
Mark Schroeder@ECT
09/10/99 05:26 AM
Margaret - apologies for the delay in getting comments to you on your 
speech.  Due to press of other matters I will be brief.
First, your speech caption, refernecing "mergers" is somewhat different than 
the topic shown in the agenda, i.e., "Industry Structure and Competitive 
Behaviour", but I trust you are wroking that out with the BIEE 
Second, in your first paragraph, you note that developments in the energy 
sector over the last decade are due to the mergers of the last five years (a 
point I will retrun to later), but in any event, not entirely consistent in 
terms of timeframes.
Third, I am surprised that the Enron Corp. view is that gas and electricity 
markets grew as they did over the decade due to mergers.  In the past, things 
like unbundling and non-discriminatory third-party access have featured 
prominently in our advocacy.  Indeed, though it was not my role at Enron, I 
would have thought that in many of the recent electricity mergers pre-dating 
Order No. 888 we would have joined the chorus of voices arguing that these 
mergers concentrated market power, and that such market power could only be 
mitigated with the provision of non-discriminatory third-party access (an 
argument we will be repeating in, e.g., Germany, as noted below).  Finally, I 
would note that in the past, I thought we had questioned the value of mergers 
as an impediment to competitive markets, as I recall Ken Rice gave an 
infamous address/speech, in which he described "good" mergers and "bad" 
mergers, i.e., defensive mergers like Houston Industries and NorAm.  I 
actually borrowed heavily from that speech two years ago, in paris, but if we 
have changed our tune, that is good to know.  Even the "good" mergers 
identified in his/my speech, e.g., Enron/Portland, have had the "goods" 
thwarted, in part, by regulators, who would not let us do all we wanted to do 
that was pro-competitive.  Also, in the past, we have used as a good example 
of "convergence" the arbitrage we have done at Sithe's facility in NY, 
pointing out that we are in an "energy" or "BTU"market, not gas alone, or 
electricity alone.  Not clear to me that mergers in the US demonstrate this 
Fourth, accepting that it is the Enron Corp. view that mergers are symbolic 
of the convergence of gas and electricity, and are what yield the many 
beneifts of competition that you dsicuss elsewhere in your speech (I do, of 
course, agree with all the platitueds that competition yilds more service 
offerings, innovation, etc.), you should be aware, coming over to this 
market, that a number of mergers are taking place that we have expressed 
concerns about in comments to the regulators, and will do so in the future here are some you should be aware of:  Veical integration in the UK 
electricity industry (not clear yet that this will result in better/more 
service, but definitely loss of counter-parties, re-bundling of business 
before retail unbundling/competition has taken hold); Exxon/Mobil 
(consolidation in the upstream sector in Continental Europe, which is already 
concentrated), VEBA/VIAG in Germany (probalby okay, assuming thrid-party 
access is allowed/enhanced to the wires).  Just FYI, any objections we have 
are usually communicated confidentially. 
Fifth, if you are ging to emphasise mergers, as per your title and opening 
paragraph, I question the inclusion of all the discussion on privatisation, 
which is good, but does not seem to demonstrate the benefits of merger 
activity, which I read is the premise of your speech, per paragraph one.  In 
addition, recitation of ownership of miles of gathering lines and 
transmission lines does demonstrate change in aggregate ownership, but not 
clear it is all due to mergers (e.g., I thin NNG is just capital expansion nor does the connection get made that this has lead to innovative or enhanced 
service offerings.  I do think excellent points can be made about the 
deregulation/divestment of gathering, and getting it out of federal 
regualtroy purview, but that is not in the speech at this point.
Sixth, you describe "network industries" well, but in the broader context of 
your speech, I think your listeners will assume you are referring to the 
physical network, rather than the Enron vision, which you capture accurately, 
nor is it easily understood how this demonstrates or adds to your point about 
convergence 
Seventh, in your table of converged companies, you could be asked about the 
fact that Duke has already disposed of the pipeline assets it acquired in the 
PanEnergy deal (since sold to CMS), apparently keeping only the trading 
business.  Also, our pieeline assets to do not serve our cogen facilites in 
NJ, so not clear to me that thisdemonstrate convergence in the East Coast.
Hope this helps.  I will be travelling today and Monday, but if you have 
questions, please leave me voice mails, and I will return your calls.
P.S. at p. 7 you describe "secular" change.  I assme that this should read 
"sectoral" change.
Mark
Regarding the Brand Conference in San Francisco Aug. 13 -15,  here is the 
flight information for Steve Kean and his wife, Melissa.
You had asked for this in case Cindy wants to travel at the same time.
Sunday, August 13    IAH   San Francisco
Continental # 1857    9:22 a.m.  11:18 a.m.
Tuesday, August 15    San Francisco IAH
Continental # 1651    3:00 p.m.  8:53 p.m.
Let me know if you need anything else.
Will you please email your company address and your fax # back to Steve 
Kean.  I am compiling a contact list.
Thank you.
Maureen McVicker
Steve Kean's Assistant
Hi Steve -
I won't be able to make the call on Monday.
I'd be happy to volunteer not to be on the negotiating team.  It sounds
like there's no shortage of people who want to be on the committee.
My big issue is default service.  This industry needs real customers and
the only way to get real customers is to get rid of default service. 
Starting with big customers, along the lines of the core/non-core gas
model, is the best way to go.  The only way to sell this, however, is to
get the big customers to agree it's a good idea.
J. Stuart Ryan
AES Pacific
Suite 3300
100 Pine Street
San Francisco, CA   94111
office:  415 395 7887
mobile:  415 608 0080
Congrats Ray.  ... Now, get FERC to do something amazing.
Outstanding outcome- Ray, this was an incredible result given the challenging 
context, to say the least....You should feel quite proud of this achievment- 
Thanks!
Linda Robertson
05/14/2001 01:06 PM
Excellent, and congratulations.
Ray Alvarez
05/14/2001 12:34 PM
The rate case that the governmental affairs group filed in January, on behalf 
of Transredes, has come to a very successful conclusion and the new rates 
will go into effect towards the end of this month.  The rates are not much 
lower than what we filed for, and represent a very significant increase over 
the previous rates.  The tariff methodology and revised regulations, put into 
effect by the Supreme Decree, were followed to the letter by the regulator 
despite political pressure to arbitrarily keep rates down.  The deliverables 
here were to (1) obtain a tariff methodology via Supreme Decree that would 
make the company finance-able / rescue it from dire financial straits and (2) 
file a rate case and prosecute it to obtain hard rates in accordance with the 
tariff methodology.  This second deliverable has now been completed Transredes has had a bond issue pending since last year due to the 
uncertainty about rates; it is my understanding that the financial market 
loved the ruling and that Transredes sold $40 million worth of bonds in about 
5 minutes!  This ruling should also significantly increase Transredes's 
market value, relative to Enron's efforts to sell its interest in the company.
Doug Farmer
05/11/2001 06:09 PM
Gentlemen,
I am delighted to report that SIRESE approved substantial increases in TR's 
tariffs consistent with the Law and Regulation.  The details are 
Existing Tariff SIRESE Approved % Increase TR/CLHB Proposed TR/CLHB Increase
Gas Export (including surcharges)  $0.18  $0.2205  22.5%  $0.26 (excluding 
RG)  44.4%
Liquids Domestic    $1.05  $2.46  134.3%  $3.25    209.5%
Liquids Export     $1.55  $2.31  49%  $3.35    116.1%
CLHB's tariffs were also approved as follows $1.19  $2.20  84.9%  $3.528 196.5%
As you can see we did substantially better than CLHB (comparable with our 
liquids domestic 
We will get a detailed report on the assumptions used by SIRESE to reach 
their conclusions on Monday, but our inteligence suggests the following 
1. Export gas volumes increased to 100% TR capacity, and 100% GSA + Cuiaba 2 
assumed for SDA and TEMIN purposes
2. RG Compresion project deleted
3. Interest rate reduced to 10 or 10.5 % i.e. the rate in our bond issue
4. Liquids expansion in the South reduced
5. Some continuity of service CAPEX reduced
6. Unknown OPEX reduction and maybe a change to the OPEX allocation between 
concesions
7. OCC in service date slipped from 2003 to 2004.
8. Debt/Equity assumption changed from 60/40 to 70/30
Our strategy to respond to each of these points is as follows 
1. Volumes.  Covered by 8% rule, we can blete but can expect little back 
here.  Clearly we will appeal if volumes exceed installed capacity in the 
short term i.e. 2002/2003.
2. RG Compression - not worth fighting for since we don't even have the 
support of BG
3. Interest Rate - We'll get this back when we do a tariff  revision and 
actual rates are used.  When we get the detail we will appeal if Jan feels we 
have concrete grounds i.e. commision costs etc. are omited.
4. Liquids Expansion in the South.  Here we intend to do a detailed analysis 
of exactly what has been deleted and as a result what liquids/gas production 
will be shut in.  If possible all assumptions to be agreed with the affected 
producers (PB, BG, Vintage and Chaco).  We will then write to those 
producers(copy SIRESE , VMEH etc.) stating that on their recommendation the 
project scope was reduced by SIRESE.  We will give them an estimate of the 
lost liquids/gas production (in both volume and cash terms) resultant from 
this decision.  We will tell them that since they proposed these reductions 
we have no intention of appealing them but invite them to appeal.
5. Continuity of Service Capex.  We need to see the detail here.  We will 
take the moral high ground and be absolutely clear that we are not prepared 
to compromise our safety and environmental standards.  We need to see exactly 
what has been removed, but my thought is that if that means we are unable to 
provide some services (e.g. LPG transportation) or the continued operation of 
some liquids laterals, we should write to those producers affected suggesting 
that if they wish these services to be continued they need to appeal the 
decision.  Again since this is Capex we will get it back in the end on tariff 
revisions as long as the expenditure is approved on an annual basis in the 
SIRESE budget process.
6. OPEX - need to see the detail on Monday.
7. OCC - will not appeal - we need to do a detailed study to develop an OCC 
strategy.
8. Debt/Equity ratio.  Strictly speaking what has been done is in accordance 
with the Law/Regulation - the regulation says the maximum allowed equity is 
40%.  However, we have very strong grounds to appeal since : a) we are 
currently miles away from 60/40 let alone 70/30, b) we can only borrow for 
CAPEX (as per bond issue and the policy of all/most banks/lending 
institutions) with the case presented in the rate case if we borrow to cover 
100% of CAPEX we can easily demonstrate that we are still miles away from 
60/40.  We intend to fight this one very hard using all the 
external/independant help we can get.
As you are all aware our big exposure with the rate case was that the much 
needed substantial increase in liquids tariffs would not be approved and we 
would be subjected to some form of arbitary cut.  This has not happened 
SIRESE has now approved and hence owns these substantial increases.  Having 
got the big hike our job is now to claw back as much as we can from the above 
strategy in the full knowledge that the results of these efforts will be much 
smaller and hence managable increases.
Attached is an analysis of the individual impacts on the tariff of the above 
points and the corporate model using the new tariff with our volume 
assumptions (i.e. the worst case).
,
Doug
Good meeting you.  Sorry not to get this to you sooner.  See below.
Please use two e-mail addresses:
jfichera@saberpartners.com (NY)
joseph.fichera@gov.ca.gov (Sacramento)
PHONE NUMBERS BELOW 
joe
______________________________________________________________
Corporate Contact Information 
Joseph S. Fichera 
Senior Managing Director & CEO 
Saber Partners, LLC 
44 Wall Street, 12th Floor 
New York, NY  10005
TEL: 212-461-2370 
FAX: 212-461-2371 
Web Site 
I'm envious.
See you when you get back
We're going to be two ships passing here.  I leave town on Friday and return 
to the office on Wednesday morning.  How about I give you a call when I get 
back.  I am only in a few days and then I am heading to DC for my son's 
college graduation exercises.  ( I know exactly what you are thinking Lordy, she's old 
Talk to you then, okay?
Rebecca
Sorry, I got overwhelmed by California.  I have not talked to Ken yet and 
will be in Japan until Friday.  Perhaps we can hook up then?
Steve,
We never closed the loop on Kissinger.  If you are around next week, why 
don't we talk and resolve what we want to do so that I can proceed?  Does 
that work for you?
Rebecca
You should also check my folder "California - working group"
Joe Ronan  I thought that I sent my email, as you answered me. My fax is 925-600-8925.
Can you please send your email addresses and fax numbers too.   (So I can
email you information)
Thank you.
Maureen McVicker
Steve Kean's Assistant
Joe Ronan  
Steve--I am at 925-600-2085, and Jim Macias is at 925-600-2306. Thanks.
Joe is working with the Governor's office and so should go on that list, not 
the sellers list.
Date: Mon, 14 May 2001 21:43:25 -0400
Good meeting you.  Sorry not to get this to you sooner.  See below.
Please use two e-mail addresses:
jfichera@saberpartners.com (NY)
joseph.fichera@gov.ca.gov (Sacramento)
PHONE NUMBERS BELOW 
joe
______________________________________________________________
Corporate Contact Information 
Joseph S. Fichera 
Senior Managing Director & CEO 
Saber Partners, LLC 
44 Wall Street, 12th Floor 
New York, NY  10005
TEL: 212-461-2370 
FAX: 212-461-2371 
Web Site ______________________________________________________________
Corporate Contact Information 
Joseph S. Fichera 
Senior Managing Director & CEO 
Saber Partners, LLC 
44 Wall Street, 12th Floor 
New York, NY  10005
TEL: 212-461-2370 
FAX: 212-461-2371 
Web Site 
One minor point:  the response to the first data request implies that all 
employees went through the PRC process in 2000.  I am not sure this is 
accurate.  It's fair to say that most did, but I believe that the field 
employees who are organized into self-directed work teams do not go through 
the PRC process.
Linda - I haven't heard of these guys.  Do you know them?
Steve and Mark, a good friend of mine works for Mr. Grimes at Stewart Stevenson.  They have been offered this opportunity by the China Assoc. for 
Social and Economic Development for a commitment of $74,000.  Since Mr. Lay 
has been a past recipient (according to their attached letter), they are 
wondering if this is legit.  Can you provide any insight?  Thanks for your 
help.  SRS
Doyleene Harris  Hi Sherri, 
We would be most appreciative if you can help us out on this one! 
Our President and CEO, Mike Grimes, received the letter (copy attached/please 
open) from the China Association for Social and Economic Development.? In 
this letter, Mr. Wu mentions that Dr. Kenneth Lay was a past recipient.
Well, you just called - so I won't complete this email! 
Love you 
Doyleene 
? 
- ~MAP0000.jpg
Can you please send your email addresses and fax numbers too.   (So I can 
email you information)
Thank you.
Maureen McVicker
Steve Kean's Assistant
Joe Ronan  Steve--I am at 925-600-2085, and Jim Macias is at 925-600-2306. Thanks.
Peggy Mahoney
08/01/2000 01:48 PM
Duke is holding a news conference at 3pm Central Time.  Call in number is 
below. 
Duke Energy Offers Governor Davis Solutions to California's Power Supply 
Shortfall 
Committing to Deliver 3,000 Megawatts of New Supply to California
And a Five-Year Fixed Price Supply Contract
HOUSTON AND MOSS LANDING, Calif., July 31 /PRNewswire/ -- Duke Energy
North America (DENA) today offered to California Governor Gray Davis specific
solutions to address the state's electricity supply shortage proposing to
deliver 3,000 megawatts of new supply through the construction of generation
facilities.  In addition, DENA proposed a five-year, fixed-price supply
contract to incumbent utilities to address the immediate concern with volatile
electricity prices.
"California's high electricity prices during peak-demand periods result
from insufficient supply to meet the demand," said Jim Donnell, president and
chief executive officer of DENA.  "In the past ten years, no significant new
power generation facilities have been built in California.  During the same
period, peak demand has risen more than 10,000 megawatts.  This combination
has caused the state's reserve margin to fall to less than 2 percent, which
necessarily results in higher prices and abnormal volatility."
Under current procedures, it takes in excess of four years to deliver new
power generation in California.  To add substantial incremental generating
capacity to California, DENA proposed Governor Davis use his existing
authority under the California Emergency Services Act to streamline the
permitting process to facilitate the rapid construction of environmentally
friendly generation by 2001.  DENA also asked the governor to use his current
authority to allow California utilities to enter into bilateral contracts with
energy providers, so they could better manage their exposure to high energy
prices.
To help solve the state's supply shortfall, DENA said it remained
committed to adding substantial generation in California.  Within two months
and upon receiving final regulatory approvals, the company will begin
construction on 1,000 megawatts at its Moss Landing facility.  The expansion
of the current 1,478-megawatt facility will be in commercial operation by
summer 2002.  And, with an expedited permitting process, DENA could deploy its
available resources to construct an additional 500 megawatts for commercial
operation in 2001 and 1,500 megawatts for 2002.
To address the concern associated with the high energy prices experienced
this year, DENA offered to provide up to 2,000 megawatts of electricity to the
incumbent utilities at $50 per megawatt-hour for a five-year period beginning
Sept. 1, 2000.  This would mitigate the exposure to price spikes, for a
reasonable time period during which additional generation resources can be
built.
"DENA is committed to help bring electricity price stability for the
citizens of California through these proposals," Donnell said.  "We are
confident that our expertise in building and operating power generation
facilities can help resolve the supply crisis."
Duke Energy North America (DENA), is a leading wholesale energy services
company.  DENA, and its affiliates, including Duke Energy Trading and
Marketing, provides natural gas and power supply and services, and risk
management products to wholesale energy producers and users.  DENA also
develops, owns and manages a portfolio of merchant generation facilities.
DENA is a wholly owned subsidiary of Duke Energy.
Duke Energy (NYSE: DUK), a diversified multinational energy company,
creates value for customers and shareholders through an integrated network of
energy assets and expertise.  Duke Energy manages a dynamic portfolio of
natural gas and electric supply, delivery and trading businesses -- generating
revenues of nearly $22 billion in 1999.  Duke Energy, headquartered in
Charlotte, N.C., is a Fortune 100 company traded on the New York Stock
Exchange under the symbol DUK.  More information about the company is
available on the Internet at 
SOURCE  Duke Energy Corporation
Web site  
Company News On-Call or fax, 800-758-5804, ext. 257451
CONTACT: Tom Williams, California, 805-595-4270, or pager,
877-364-5170, or Bryant Kinney, 704-382-2208, both of Duke Energy
Corporation
EDITOR'S ADVISORY: Duke Energy North America will hold an
audioconference today at 1 p.m. Pacific time.  Jim Donnell,
president and chief executive officer, will discuss DENA's
position and proposed solutions for California's power supply
crisis.  Media representatives should dial 800/289-0437 and
provide access code 744661 to participate in the call.  The call
will be replayed later this afternoon.  Dial 888/203-1112 for the
replay and use the same access code above.
PLEASE NOTE:  This email includes several items. 
(1)  the call in information for Friday's conference call;
(2)  a summary of yesterday's conference call (from Jeff Dasovich, Enron);
(3)  two documents that list the contact information we have received to date 
(please email Steve Kean @ skean.enron.com if any changes/additions need to 
be made to the list).  As we receive more contact information, revised lists 
will be emailed to everyone.
A conference call has been scheduled for Friday, May 18th 
If credit issues are to be discussed, this is the call in number we will 
use If credit issues are not to be discussed, a separate call in number will be 
set up and you will be notified with the new dial in numbers.
DATE:  Friday, May 18th
TIME:   10:00 am (Central) - should last approx 1 hour
CALL IN #:  1-877-214-0402
HOST CODE: 564778   (Steve Kean's use only)
PARTICIPANT
CODE:  285987
If anyone needs to call in from an international location, please contact 
Maureen McVicker at 713-853-1808 and she will set up an international number 
too.
Here is the summary Jeff Dasovich sent regarding yesterday's conference call.
Greetings:
In order to keep everyone in the loop, the folks on today's call wanted to 
send out a brief summary of the call for the benefit of those who couldn't 
make it.  Apologies for any omissions, inaccuracies, etc.  Others who were on 
the call please chime in if I've gotten anything wrong, or missed anything.
Best,
Jeff
SUMMARY
Enron, Duke, El Paso and Williams were on the call, as was Michael Hoffman of 
the Blackstone Group (the Governor's financial advisors).
On the subject of how the group would organize itself, it was agreed that the 
calls would be open to anyone who wanted to participate.
A smaller group consisting of Duke, El Paso, Enron, and Williams would take 
the lead on walking the halls of Sacramento, meeting with policy makers, and 
advocating whatever plan the group develops.
Folks agreed that achieving a comprehensive solution requires a tangible 
process; that is, the principals need to get in a room, face to face, for 
however long it takes to work out a resolution.
It was agreed that the process should start no later than the beginning of 
next week, and that it should take place in Sacramento.
It was decided that the Legislature and the Attorney General needed to be 
brought into the process as soon as possible, i.e., next week.
There was some discussion regarding the release today of "Plan B."  Plan B is 
a plan proposed by Democratic and Republican legislators as an alternative to 
the MOU that the Governor struck with Edison.  After that call I received a 
copy of "Plan B."  If you'd like a copy please send me your fax number.
Folks on the call agreed to have the next "supplier-only" call-in meeting on 
Friday.
Finally, Michael Hoffman said that they are hoping to have a "ratings agency 
level" presentation prepared by the end of the week.  The goal of the 
presentation is to reassure capital markets that the bonds the state seeks to 
issue are solidly backed by retail rates.
The Agenda for Tomorrow's Call with the Governor's Staff
Item #1:  The Credit Issue
Michael Hoffman said that the Governor's office wants to start tomorrow's 
meeting discussing the creditworthiness issue Hoffman said that the Governor's folks are hoping to have completed by the 
start of tomorrow's meeting a draft of an agreement between the California 
PUC and CDWR.  The agreement is designed to ensure that DWR gets paid for 
power services delivered If the draft is ready, they'd like to discuss on the call tomorrow 
Item #2:  Identify the Components of a Comprehensive Solution.
It was agreed that our group should put on the table at tomorrow's meeting 
the universe of issues that need to be included in a comprehensive solution.
Enron was asked to take a first stab at what those components are.  The 
following is a brief outline, which is not intended to be definitive, but a 
starting point for discussion.
Utility creditworthiness
retail rates must reflect costs
Increase supply
streamline and otherwise reform the siting process
Decrease demand
establish real-time pricing
implement demand buy-down and other conservation programs
Create a real market
Remove the State from the power-buying business as soon as possible (e.g once new rates are in place and utilities are returned to creditworthiness; 
approximately 3-6 months)
Return the procurement role to the utilities
Reinstate Direct Access immediately for all customers
Within 18-24 months, create a "core/noncore" market structure for 
electricity, similar to California's market structure for natural gas
Keep the industry in the hands of the private sector
Reject proposals calling on the State to take over transmission, generation, 
etc. 
Resolve outstanding legal claims, investigations, etc.
Resolution requires certainty and prompt payment (understanding that 
discounts on receivables is on the table for discussion)
Attached are the contact lists.
A conference call has been scheduled for Friday, May 18th.  Below is the call 
in information:
DATE:  Friday, May 18th
TIME:   10:00 am (Central) - should last approx 1 hour
CALL IN #:  1-877-214-0402
HOST CODE: 564778   (Steve Kean's use only)
PARTICIPANT
CODE:  285987
If anyone needs to call in from an international location, please contact 
Maureen McVicker at 713-853-1808 and she will set up an international number 
too.
Sorry - the # on his printed itinerary was missing the country code.
Here what to dial 011-81-3-3211-5211
He should be on his conf call until about 4:00 pm (Central 
Sorry about that
Yes - Steve is in Japan until Thursday.  He will be in the office on Friday, 
May 18th.
Maureen
Steve,
Linda will need to talk to you.  She has legitimate concerns that Enron 
should not be too eager to help Wyden on this issue as it could be turned 
against us.  already, the May 10th Energy Daily article states (incorrectly) 
that Wyden is mulling a bill that will require energy traders to release more 
market data.  I have already flagged for Wyden's office that this is not the 
intent of the bill and that if it is used to attack merketers that Enron 
would not support it.
Linda suggested that John Shelk and I meet with Wyden's office to get his 
commitment that any such amendments will be killed.  Are you in Japan?
Steven J Kean
05/11/2001 02:58 PM
I'd be happy to call Nickles.
Linda;
FYI - Steve will be in Japan most of this week.  He returns to the office on 
Friday.
Maureen
Linda Robertson
05/12/2001 09:31 AM
I helped hook Ken up with Andrew last night.  They talked about 6 EST.   Will 
you get a read out?  Thanks
Sorry for the delay.  I have asked the question and should have an answer in 
a day or two. . . .  don't do anything rash in the meantime.
Jane M Tholt@ECT
05/07/2001 12:15 PM
Hi Steve.  I know you are extremely busy  but I was just  wondering if you 
found out about whether the 3 year period apllies to all  options or just the 
ones in that program.  Question 2)  does the 3 year time frame apply to only 
options that are vested at the time of departure or does it apply also to 
options which vest over the 3 year time frame.  I look forward to hearing 
from you.  Thank you.
Several employees have asked about the exercise policy on stock options Specifically, they want to know what the exercise policy is on i) termination 
eg as a result of the prc process, ii) voluntary departure, iii) retirement, 
or iv)resignation; and to what extent do the rules vary across plans: i) 
AESOP, LTIP, deferred bonus etc.  The main focus is on the length of time to 
exercise.  I am concerned that there may be some odd incentives in the 
structure -- eg are severed employees allowed more time to exercise than 
employees who just leave voluntarily ( ie if you want to have a full three 
years to exercise options are you better off becoming a performance issue and 
getting severed than you would be if you simply left the company?
ok
Cindy Olson
05/08/2001 11:48 AM
Steve, I think we have consensus on how we would like the part ttime people 
handled in the PRS process for mid year.....okay.
Cindy I chatted with Elyse (Elizabeth Labanowski never returned my calls or 
messages) on the pt/rh issue.   Elyse is in favor of having the pt/rh 
employees in the regular PRC process, with education for managers and at 
facilitator training and a statement in the ground rules to ensure that they 
are not penalized or otherwise disadvantaged by the process 
David and I discussed this option which he is in favor of it as well.  In the 
meantime for year end we will be ready with a system change to allow us to 
see pt/rh employees on the screen segregated from the full timers- and to 
have a live chart of pt/rh employees as well as the full timers.  We can't do 
that for mid-year because it requires a good deal of programming, but it is a 
feature we can incorporate at year end 
what do you think?
Gina 
Thanks for the update.
Rebecca
At a meeting yesterday at OPIC on Trakya, another of our problem projects, 
Dabhol was raised.  A representative from the White House transition team 
joined the conversation.  I was asked the terms under which we were prepared 
to negotiate and I told them at a minimum upon a commitment by the Indian 
authorities to serious negotiations which would include full compliance with 
the terms of the contracts and progress in the reform of the MSEB.  I made 
clear that we do not see the Godbole Committee as the basis for such a 
discussion.
I think the USG wants to be on record politically encouraging the Indian 
Govt. to engage in discussions all parties consider to be meaningful in hopes 
of working things out before it is too late, even while through OPIC and EXIM 
it is supporting the move towards PNT.  The administration may be concerned 
that without such a diplomatic overture on its part it could be concluded 
that the USG has politically taken a position on the project.
In Trakya, for example, the USG has been quite proactive in pressing the 
Turkish govt on the payments issue and even in discussing the payment 
concerns with the IMF so that the payments issues for the BOTs (two of the 
four in Turkey are US sponsored) are taken into account as the IMF program 
moves forward.
So I anticipate that the USG will shortly be meeting with the Indian 
ambassador here and the US Charge in Delhiwill likely be directed to make the 
rounds and meet with senior government officals on the project.
I wanted you to be aware of this; also any guidance you can provide would be 
helpful.  Thanks John 
Stay in touch with linda ro the recommendation.
cordia@cordia.com on 05/10/2001 09:08:52 AM
Please respond to cordia@cordia.com
SK - Ginger & I have already forwarded some letters, etc. regarding the Gala 
to 
Linda R.   mm
Date:    May 9, 2001
Re:       Presidential Gala on May 22nd
I hope you and/or your colleagues will join us in the first major event 
honoring President and Mrs. Bush on May 22, 2001 in Washington, D.C.
Would you please consider buying a table for your office or tickets for 
individual colleagues?  The reception and dinner is a gathering of government 
officials from the White House, U.S. Senate, U.S. House as well as as 
Governors and other state and local government leaders.
Please use the attachments to
-  Purchase a table or ticket(s), and
-  Forward this e-mail to colleagues.
The deadline to respond is May 18th!
Please e-mail a reply back to me so that I do not bother you with follow-up 
emails or phone calls stating:
-  The number of tickets or a table that you will be purchasing, or
-  You already purchased your tickets or table, or
-  You will not be participating in the May 22nd event.
For your use, I am attaching a (1) letter from the Co-Chairmen of the Gala, 
Jeff Marcus and Al Hoffman; (2) response form to fax or mail to the RNC; and 
(3) hyper-link to the Gala website to register online or join various 
membership groups of the RNC.
I look forward to hearing from you.
- HOFFMAN MARCUS LETTER & RESPONSE FORM2.doc
Last week you received the email announcing Enron's executive solicitation. =20
The process for donating is very easy by simply clicking on the United Way=20
link.  I did it myself!  Please make your donation this week and thank you to=20
those that have already pledged. =20
The Enron kick-off is next Wed and I ask you to encourage your groups to give=20
to this worthy cause. =20
Thanks.
Reminder - United Way Breakfast=20
Please RSVP if you have not already done so.
Date:  Thursday, August 3, 2000 (hosted by Joe Sutton)
or
Friday, August 4, 2000 (hosted by Jeff Skilling)
Time:  7:45-9:00 a.m.
Location: DePelchin Children=01,s Center
100 Sandman (near Memorial and Shepherd intersection)
RSVP:  Reply directly to this email or call Jessica Nunez, 853-1918 by=20
Monday, July 31=20
=20
Transportation:    Bus will depart from the Enron Building (Andrews Street=20
side) promptly at 7:30 a.m.  Bus transportation is encouraged, due to limited=20
onsite parking. However, if you should need to drive, directions to DePelchin=20
are below.
EXECUTIVE SOLICITATION
Executive Solicitation kicked-off on July 24 and is well underway. As you=20
know, participation by Enron=01,s executive team is vital to the success of the=20
campaign.  To make your contribution, please click on the United Way link,=20
or go directly to Internet Explorer or Netscape=20
and type in   in the address field.  Either option=20
should take you to Enron=01,s United Way 2000 Campaign site where you should be=20
able to make your pledge within minutes.  Please call Kathy Mayfield, Enron=01,s=20
Campaign Coordinator at 713/853-3264 if you have difficulties at all=20
accessing the site.
We look forward to seeing you next week!
Directions to DePelchin Children=01,s Center =01) 100 Sandman (713-861-8136)
From Downtown Houston
? Take Prairie (which turns into Memorial) or Allen Parkway WEST to Shepherd.
? Turn RIGHT on Shepherd.
? Turn LEFT on Feagan (which is the first light after Memorial.)
? Turn LEFT on Sandman and drive down a couple of blocks.
From the Galleria Area
? Take 610 North to the Woodway/Memorial Exit. Exit and turn RIGHT on Woodway.
? Woodway will turn into Memorial and stay on Memorial until you see the=20
Shepherd exit.
? Exit Shepherd and turn LEFT on Shepherd.=20
? Turn LEFT on Feagan (which is the first light after Memorial.)
? Turn LEFT on Sandman and drive down a couple of blocks.
From North of Downtown
? Take 45 or 59 SOUTH to I-10.  Go WEST on I-10.
? Take the Shepherd/Durham exit and go through the Shepherd intersection to=20
Durham.  Go SOUTH or LEFT under the freeway on Durham.
? Turn RIGHT on Feagan (which will be a light.)
? Turn LEFT on Sandman and drive down a couple of blocks.
eserver@ on 05/10/2001 02:36:34 PM
I have opened a new Lotus file "California - working group" where I am 
keeping the contact information, but I am assuming you have picked everybody 
up already.  If in doubt, check out the file.  thanks
Sorry, I got overwhelmed by California.  I have not talked to Ken yet and 
will be in Japan until Friday.  Perhaps we can hook up then?
Steve,
We never closed the loop on Kissinger.  If you are around next week, why 
don't we talk and resolve what we want to do so that I can proceed?  Does 
that work for you?
Rebecca
Thanks for the explanation.  I agree, though I may not have explained the 
context adequately to Ken.
Linda Robertson
05/11/2001 04:32 PM
You seemed troubled by the call to Barton.  This bill may or may not be 
subsumed by the comprehensive energy bill that Congress undertakes this 
summer.  Both bills have a very difficult, if not nearly impossible, path 
ahead given that the Democrats are in no mood for compromise.  The call to 
Barton was to:  a) repair relationships (and with the Wall Street Journal 
calling Barton about his troubled past with Enron, repair is needed); b) 
proclaim victory, even of a limited nature (something I think Enron has not 
done much of); c) build a further bond with Barton so we would have more 
input at full Committee (something we will need given the chances that this 
will go off the track are real); and d) allow Enron to get significant credit 
for the defeat of price caps.  I hear from lots of DC sources that we have 
not had any success in the House Energy and Commerce Committee.  Numerous 
folks at the markup noted in private conversations that this was Enron's 
first real role in the Committee.  Thus, even though this is a very limited 
bill, the call made sense.  I do not think that this means we should call the 
White House to push the bill with them.  The bill itself still has lots of 
obstacles and many potential threats ahead 
include on the distribution list and send out note about the Monday meeting.
As per our discussion, let's discuss this further next week.
Clark C. Smith
President
El Paso North America
1001 Louisiana
Houston, TX  77002
713/420-7575
713/420-7591 - FAX
clark.smith@elpaso.com
John Harrison (credit issues)
CFO
El Paso Merchant Energy Group
1001 Louisiana
Houston, TX  77002
713/420-3230
713/420-3942
john.harrison@elpaso.com
Rachael King
Regional Director - Government Affairs - California
El Paso Corporation 
980  9th Street, Suite 1550
Sacramento, CA  95814
916/441-0446
916/441-0496
rachael.king@elpaso.com
There were several items in the mail pouch that you needed a response form me 
on.  Here are the responses:
Marchris forwarded a request to attend a conference on Aug 19 and 20.  I 
think the original invite when to Ken and Jeff.  I will attend, subject to 
them getting some reasonable response rate from the commissioners they 
invited and provided that I get a speaking or similar participation 
opportunity.
SMU professor and student asking for Astros tickets - yes
CERA conference on July 10-12 in Scotland -- decline
Attached is the document I mentioned.  You will get a separate e-mail from 
Karen Denne which will include the invitation and the invited for the 
Thursday meeting 
My contact information:
Steven J Kean
EVP and Chief of Staff
Enron Corp
713.853.1586
skean@
pager: 888.906.9761
Asst Maureen McVicker 713.853.1808
I will be in Japan most of next week, but my office can reach me.
Thanks
A conference call has been scheduled for Monday, May 14 to discuss the 
composition of the negotiating team.
DATE:    Monday, May 14
TIME:    3:00 pm (Central) - will last approx. 1 hour
Dial In Information:
Toll Free Dial In:  888-476-3752
International Access
Dial In:   517-267-0146
Host Code:   957112  (for Steve Kean's use only)
Participant Code:  713193
Attached is the Contact List with the information received to date.
fyi
Linda Robertson
05/11/2001 03:16 PM
Here's what John found.  We will follow up with DeFazio.  He is extremely 
liberal.   His credibility is highly linked to his highly liberal 
positions.   Most pundits will see this for what it is, given the source But we will see him soon.
John Shelk
05/11/2001 04:11 PM
DeFazio's proposal is on the first page of his website.
Portland General called.  They have heard that Defazio is going to propose in 
a press release that the state of Oregon should buy PGE.
Jon -- Ricardo Charvel is pulling together the briefing for Ken, so please 
share the EBS activities/ agenda with him.  Thanks
Ken Rice@MUNICATIONS
08/02/2000 02:13 PM
Jon
Ken Lay is going to be attending a multi CEO meeting with President - elect 
Fox on August 24.  They will be discussing a number of issues regarding 
energy, telecom, commerce ... etc.  He needs a one page briefing sheet on our 
activities in Mexico sometime in the next week or so.  Please put together 
something and work through Steve Kean's group to give Ken the info.
Thanks
Ken
eserver@ on 05/11/2001 01:50:41 PM
I'd be happy to call Nickles.
Ken Lay spoke with several California CEOs this morning and urged them to get 
personally involved in pushing for a comprehensive set of reforms.  Three 
expressed willingness to help.
Scott McNealy (Sun):  contact person - Piper Cole (piper.cole@sun.com scott.mcnealy@engeng.sun.com.  Mcnealy wants, by close of business today, a 
"cheat sheet" of the talking points to use with politicians (the "8 or 10 
elements of the solution") with the expected comeback he may hear from the 
political leaders and our response to that comeback.  He says he hasn't spent 
time working on issues in Sacremento so we may also want to include a list of 
suggested contacts.
Kevin Sharer (Amgen): contact person - Sarah Jensen, VP of Engineering and 
Operations (805.447.6785); ksharer@amgen.com.  Sharer wants the same 
information as McNealy and he and McNealy both indicated their willingness to 
call a meeting of other California CEOs.  Sharer will also be having 
breakfast with Hertzberg one week from today.
Robert Day (Trust Co of the West):  said that he is very close to the mayor 
of Los Angeles.  He urged Ken to call the mayor (mentioning Day).  Ken would 
like some talking points for that call.
Jeff - please put these items together.
prepare for my siganture.  cc Lisa
Lisa Connolly@EES
05/07/2001 01:24 PM
Hi Steve,
I thought it might be nice to send Korn/Ferry (Bob Laughman and Trigg 
Bracewell) a thank you note. I've attached a first draft of two letters (one 
for each). Feel free to make any changes. I'm happy to send out once you've 
reviewed, or if you prefer to have Maureen make changes and send out, I'd 
just like a copy.
Thanks.
Lisa
The presentation looks fine but consider adding this idea in a few slides the continuation of a regulated structure poses considerable risk for 
utilities.  California's utilities were pushed to the brink of, or into, 
bankruptcy because of a regualtory regime which allocated price risk to 
them.  All parties are better off in a system where the regulated enterprise 
is limited to natural monopoly functions and all other acitivities are 
conducted in a marketplace.
Also, did we cover the shortcomings of the Japanese market sufficiently?
I think the presentation looks fine, but consider adding this:  there is real 
risk to utilities (as well as customers) in continuing a regulated regime The California utilities have been pushed into or to the brink of bankruptcy
FYI 	Enron Energy Services
Rosalee,
I have left Ken a voicemail request but thought I would follow up with a note 
to you that might help clarify the request.
As Ken knows, Enron Energy Services recently won a STAY by the 9th Circuit 
Court of an order by a lower court to require us to provide electricity 
service to the UC/CSU systems directly versus via using PG&E and SCE 
service.  The formal court hearing of the appeal is still scheduled for 60 to 
90 days from now We would like Ken to phone Charlie Reed, Chancellor of CSU,  and solicit 
Charlie's support for Enron, CSU, and the UC system to get back together to 
attempt to work out a commercial resolution to these issues We believe that sponsorship and support coming from the most senior 
executives' offices will help bring the parties together Additionally, if CSU and UC are interested in working out a settlement, we 
would like to solicit their joint request for a delay in the court calendar This would allow both teams to focus on a commercial resolution versus 
splitting their focus between a settlement and preparing briefs for the 
appeal appearance.  We would like to see a delay request of one month, as 
long as the setttlement discussions progress A desirable way to kick off settlement discussions would be to ask Ken to 
have lunch with the Head of UC , Charlie Reed of CSU, and perhaps one 
business lead (in this case, this could be me).  I am not sure that Ken's 
schedule could accomadate that, but I thought I would ask.  If timing is bad 
for a meeting like this, we can find a different alternative 
I will follow up with a phone call to you.  Hope this helps.
Decline is ok.
I had originally declined this invitation, but decided to run it by you after 
closer review.  He could be there if he chooses to and if you think he 
should.  Please advise.  SRS
Sent by: Sherri Sera
Thank you for the invitation to Utilities 2001.  Due to a prior commitment, 
Mr. Skilling is unable to attend.
,
Sherri Sera
713.853.5984
713.646.8381 (fax)
sherri.sera@
Felicia Griffin    Felicia Griffin
Strategic Business Summits
Energy, Utilities, & Chemicals
marcus evans
Office Phone : 713.650.6007
Home Phone :281-931-3009
Fax        : 713-759-1478
E-mail   :feliciag@marcusevanstx.com
URL  This message was sent by an employee of marcus evans
OUR VISION:
marcus evans is dedicated to being a strategic information partner for all
its customers by understanding what they need and want, and delivering it
through premium products and services in the format best suited to each
customer.
- SKILLING, Jeff (ENRON).doc
- UTILITIES 2001 Fact Sheet.doc
Steve - take a look at this and contact the sponsor with a yes or no.  Thanks
Is this anything we want to get involved in?  SRS
rdcarson@aep.com on 05/09/2001 11:46:21 AM
Sherry, thanks for your guidance concerning the possibility of an Enron
participant for the VMA's Seminar on Electric Utility Restructuring
scheduled for June 19, 2001.  I serve as Chairman of the VMA's Energy
Resources Committee which will be responsible for the seminar and the
day-long agenda it will entail.
As I explained, depending upon the availability of Mr. Skilling or another
key individual, the VMA  is offering Enron an opportunity to participate in
its seminar in an important way.  We seek to have Enron speak on the
subject of the developing competitive market and how that market may be
accessible and beneficial to VMA's member manufacturers which include many,
if not most, of the large companies residing in Virginia.  The purpose of
the seminar is entirely educational, as customers in Virginia will be able,
under the terms of the Electric Utility Industry Restructuring Act passed
in 1999, to choose their supplier of electricity as early as January 1,
2002, and by no later than January 1, 2003.  The subject is becoming a high
priority for VMA members, given the prominence of energy issues today
generally, and the imminence of the date when choice will be available to
Virginia customers.
We envision that Enron's message could be encouraging for VMA members who
today hear much about the dilemma in California (another seminar
participant will speak on the status of restructuring initiatives in
California and other states) and understandably wonder about the prospects
for successful competition and effective choice in Virginia.  Enron could
hopefully explain how market benefits might accrue to manufacturers once
the day of choice arrives, touching on Enron's online trading platform,
aggregation possibilities (an alternative which the VMA, as an umbrella
organization, is considering), and related topics.
The seminar will begin at 8:30am and conclude at 4:30pm, with the possible
Enron presentation beginning immediately following lunch at 1:00pm.  We
expect good attendance on the part of VMA members, and plan to offer
attendance opportunities to regulatory commission personnel, legislators
and others who have been closely involved  with the development of the
Virginia restructuring model as it has evolved over the past five years or
so.
I will appreciate hearing from you at your earliest convenience, and again
thank you for your assistance.  I will be happy to discuss the particulars
with you or anyone else, should that be helpful, and can be reached at
AEP's state office in Richmond at 804-698-5511.
fyi
The MOU with India Oil Corp. was signed earlier today.  There was modest 
press involvement.  If there is significant coverage it probably will be 
tomorrow.  Attached is a copy of the statement Enron India is using.
John
Forward to whomever you see fit. It looks like an opportunity to explain 
price risk management to large customers.
Hello Mr. Kean,
In follow up to an earlier phone message I left, I am sending you the
preliminary agenda for my upcoming conference in Atlanta.  If you are not
the right person for this topic, I would appreciate suggestions for other
speakers at Enron.
Thank you!
Valerie Anderson
Conference Producer
781-939-2420
- PricingOutline.doc
please forward to Vicky Sharp.
Attached please find a Tax Review of California Assembly Bill No. 128 ("AB 
128X").  The Tax Review sets out the practical implication (increased cost to 
purchasers) and constitutional deficiencies of AB 128X.
The third paragraph of the Tax Review details the mathematical computation of 
the tax and the resulting purchaser price increase.  The computation sales 
price, $300/MWh, reflects the SP15 (Southern California) weighted average 
index price ($302.88), rounded to the nearest hundred, as reported in 
Megawatt Daily's May 8th MarketReport.  However, it may be more effective to 
present the mathematical computation with a price closer to the proposed base 
price of $60/MWh.  We are available to assist in presenting the computation 
utilizing whichever numbers you deem appropriate.
The California Senate has passed SB 1X, Windfall Profits Tax on Electric 
Generators.  We will forward a similar memorandum addressing SB 1X.
We are available to address questions and/or comments.  Thanks.
Ed Coats - 713.853.6369
Steve Douglas - 713.853.0938 
Gavin Russo - 713.853.6296
Matt Gockerman - 713.853.3979
fyi
Attached please find a Tax Review of California Assembly Bill No. 128 ("AB 
128X").  The Tax Review sets out the practical implication (increased cost to 
purchasers) and constitutional deficiencies of AB 128X.
The third paragraph of the Tax Review details the mathematical computation of 
the tax and the resulting purchaser price increase.  The computation sales 
price, $300/MWh, reflects the SP15 (Southern California) weighted average 
index price ($302.88), rounded to the nearest hundred, as reported in 
Megawatt Daily's May 8th MarketReport.  However, it may be more effective to 
present the mathematical computation with a price closer to the proposed base 
price of $60/MWh.  We are available to assist in presenting the computation 
utilizing whichever numbers you deem appropriate.
The California Senate has passed SB 1X, Windfall Profits Tax on Electric 
Generators.  We will forward a similar memorandum addressing SB 1X.
We are available to address questions and/or comments.  Thanks.
Ed Coats - 713.853.6369
Steve Douglas - 713.853.0938 
Gavin Russo - 713.853.6296
Matt Gockerman - 713.853.3979
eserver@ on 05/09/2001 04:31:02 PM
Steve wanted you to know that he will be attending the Gov. Davis meeting 
tomorrow with Greg Whalley.
Just in case you need it, here is Steve's bio.
Below is the information regarding the meetings in Sacramento on Wed., May 9
Please have Greg go to our lobbyist's offices for the pre-meeting located at:
Scott & Hedy Govenar
Governmental Advocates
1127   11th Street
Suite 400
Sacramento, CA  95814
916-448-8240
11:00 am  Pre-meeting w/ Greg Whalley, Steve Kean, Jeff Dasovich, Sandi 
McCubbin, possibly Richard Sanders,   possibly Michael Tribolet (via phone)
1:00 pm Mtg at Gov. Davis' office 
I left Hartsoe a voicemail on this issue too.  I'm not sure we can convince 
Massey and others not to cap the secondary market for example, but they need 
to understand the facts before they run off attacking the pipelines:
gas utilities in California opposed interstate capacity expansions into the 
state.
gas utilities had just as much opportunity as anyone else to participate in 
open seasons for capacity.
gas utilities fialed to fill storage.
gas utilites have failed to build adequate take away capacity at the Cal 
border
I suspect Socal gas is using its interstate capacity and its in state storage 
to line its own pockets.
In short, if FERC wants to get to the bottom of the problem they need to look 
in California, not outside.
Ray Alvarez
05/04/2001 09:02 AM
Steve, I've been thinking about the intense preoccupation with gas prices 
lately and decided to pass this info along because I think it's a red flag My concern is that there might not only be a backlash affecting our 
interstate pipelines, but that our gas marketing efforts might be adversely 
affected.  It might well be found that the holders of the firm capacity (i.e. 
marketers?), and not the pipes themselves, are at "fault" for the large basis 
differentials between the basins and the CA delivery points.  Whoever is 
blamed might not really matter.  My gut feeling is that the other shoe is 
about to drop, with calls for price caps on gas commodity prices into the 
West.  This, of course, could affect years of effort on the gas marketing 
side in establishing competitive markets.  Pipeline open access is of no 
avail if there is government intervention in the gas markets.  Commissioner 
Massey, Senator Feinstein and other Western Senators were saying some very 
concerning things about gas prices, the impacts in their states and that 
something needed to be done.  FERC responded with an announcement of their 
technical conference on interstate pipeline capacity  and intrastate take 
away capacity (which, by the way, doesn't appear to address storage Everyone wants an explanation as to why the basis differential is much higher 
than in other states, since they thought it should only consist of transport 
costs.  Ray
Ray Alvarez
05/03/2001 06:54 PM
I was at the Senate hearing today on FERC's market Monitoring and Mitigation 
order, and I would add only a few additional and interesting 
regulatory-related details to John's fine summary:
The hearing was contentious- among the Senators themselves, among the FERC 
Commissioners themselves, and the interchanges between them.
Gas prices were controversial.  Commissioner Massey kicked off the discussion 
on this issue citing a transport basis differential into CA of $10, when it 
was less than a dollar in other areas.  He then noted that the high gas cost 
would adversely affect the power price under the auction, and that FERC must 
act regarding the high transport differentials- "We will never get a handle 
on electric prices unless we get a handle on gas prices".  That opened the 
floodgates of discussion, culminating with the announcement by Commissioner 
Breathitt of FERC's technical conference (notice of which issued today) on 
the topic of current and projected interstate pipeline capacity, and adequacy 
of infrastructure within CA.  She said that this would shed light on basis 
differentials and gas prices.
Freudian slip?  Chairman Hebert was heard to say by various attendees that 
price mitigation in the WSCC would apply at all times (in contrast to the 
order, which proposes mitigation only during times when reserves reach/fall 
below 7%).  Whether he mis-spoke, or not, remains to be seen 
Regarding the issue of how often mitigation would be invoked in CA (i.e Stages 1, 2 or 3):
Hebert opined "Most of the time".
Breathitt said "Likely 80-85% of the time".
Massey was unconvinced.
Several Senators railed at the Commission for "not doing its job" and 
threatened that if the Commission did not act, Congress would act.
If you have any questions or need additional detail, please feel free to 
call.  Ray
John Shelk
05/03/2001 05:49 PM
I attended both the House and Senate energy committee hearings today.  House 
hearing was in the Barton Subcommittee (Energy & Air Quality).  Senate 
hearing was on last week's FERC order on a "soft price cap" and related 
issues.  The House witnesses were dominated by California officials: Cal 
Energy Commission, Cal Air Resources Board, Chairman of Gov Davis Generation 
Implementation Task Force.  In addition, there were witnesses from the 
Western Area Power Admin and Bonneville PA.  The Senate witnesses were the 
three FERC commissioners.
HIghlights
Chairman Barton said it is still his intention to try to mark up the Barton 
bill, H.R. 1647 next week (many on and off the Subcommittee doubt this will 
happen; we are gathering political intelligence on those prospects and will 
report back with more information and conclusions once that is done Chairman Barton also said he may go to California next week.
There was considerable emphasis at both hearings about the alleged role that 
higher natural gas prices into California play in the electric power rate 
increases; several witnesses focused on difference in alleged transportation 
costs for similar differences between California and non-CA states; FERC at 
the Senate hearing said that today the commission announced a staff technical 
conference for later this month on all aspects of the natural gas market as 
it relates to California; a House member from Southern Illinois coal country 
attacked California for using only natural gas in its new power plants.
The House witnesses, primarily BPA but also the California witnesses, 
attacked the negawatt provision in sec. 102 of the Barton bill; the criticism 
was that BPA would be forced to purchase power on the open market at a high 
price since it is short, sell it to the DSIs under contract; let the DSI sell 
it at market rates and capture the difference; BPA witness said that thus 
sec. 102 would make it difficult if not impossible to implement their 
strategy to avoid as much as a 200 percent rate increase on 10/1/01; BPA 
testimony will make it tough for Members of Congress from that service region 
to support sec. 102.
Both hearings also touched on how difficult it would be to actually devise a 
price cap; at the House hearing, none of those advocating a price cap among 
the witnesses could answer excellent questions about exactly how this could 
be done; the witnesses just said "cost plus a reasonable profit" and said 
leave the details to FERC; at afternoon Senate hearing, Chairman Hebert had 
the staff bring in 15 boxes from one FP&L case to show how a price cap would 
take too long to bring any relief to California this summer; he said last 
week's soft price cap is much better.
Also on the price cap, Rep. Walden (R-OR)  got the Cal Energy Comm chair to 
admit that if the price caps had been in place earlier, California would NOT 
have taken the conservation and new generation steps that it has taken 
recently. 
The interplay among the FERC commissioners was much more contentious than it 
was a House hearing on Tuesday, although it could have been worse; when 
Senate Chairman Murkowski (R-AK) said that "help is on the way" in the form 
of the nominees for the two vacancies, Sen. Dorgan (D-ND) made a comment that 
suggested that the confirmation process will not be smooth; the same concern 
came from the interplay among the Senators, which was also somewhat 
contentious at times.
Please advise if you have any questions or would like further details.
eserver@ on 05/04/2001 10:51:44 AM
Please get available dates.  I need to be there for this.
It's that time again 
We would like to schedule PR's PRC meeting prior to Steve Kean's FINAL PRC 
meeting which is scheduled for June 27th.  Please let me know your 
availability during the FIRST HALF of June - excluding the following dates: 
June 6,7, 11,12,13.  The meeting would begin at noon and last until all 
topics are covered and resolved.
Please respond at your earliest convience.
Thanks for the invite. I would suggest Jean Ryall - who heads our Texas 
government/regulatory affairs team.  She is certainly more familiar with the 
details (of which there will be many more after this legislative session and 
the conclusion of the pilot program).  She is also a very good speaker (and 
can probably relate a few war stories to spice things up).
Steve,
I am a member of Beta Gamma Sigma (BGS), the honor society for business 
programs accredited by AASCB - The International Association for Management 
Education.  If you are not familiar with BGS, a member must be in the upper 
5% of their class as a junior and the upper 10% as a senior and in graduate 
school to be nominated for induction into the society.
In an effort to provide additional programs and benefits to alumni members, 
alumni chapters are being developed around the country.  There are currently 
nine alumni chapters around the U.S. with a new one being formed in the 
Houston area.  I am serving on a steering committee for the development of 
this Houston Area Alumni Chapter.  Our primary reasons for starting a Houston 
Area Chapter include networking, professional affiliations, outreach to 
students, resources, learning opportunities, and providing scholarships.
Our initial outreach to Beta Gamma Sigma members will be through a 
reception/dinner to be held in October 2001.  We are currently looking at 
either October 16 or 18.  All 6,200 Houston area members will be invited to 
participate, however, we expect attendance to be closer to 75-100 people The ages, experiences, and business affiliation of the members will be very 
diverse, but all will have the common thread of business excellence.
The details of this event are still being finalized; however, at our last 
meeting the discussion encompassed possible speakers and topics Overwhelmingly the team decided on Electricity Deregulation in Texas, and 
since I work at Enron, I was asked to assist in locating a dynamic speaker Cliff Baxter suggested that you would be an ideal speaker on this topic.  Are 
you available and willing to address this group in October 
If I can provide any additional information, please let me know.
Thank you for your consideration, Steve.
do we have a mechanism to survey employees?  Can we do a "scientific" poll?
John Sherriff@ECT
08/02/2000 03:46 AM
Mark 
Thanks for the call a couple of weeks ago regarding our new ad campaign.  The 
challenge as I understand it is that we have difficulty in quantifying the 
benefit and effectiveness of our ads.   We can measure on a periodic basis 
what the CEO/CCO/CFO perception of Enron is on a periodic basis but this does 
not break down the impact of our PR efforts from an ad campaign.   I 
understand this dilemma.
But one thing that we could measure that is quite important to me is what our 
employees think about these ads.    If all else fails these ads should make 
our employees proud to work for Enron - and this is something we should be 
able to measure on a consistent basis.
I know you have an upcoming event in California where your organisation will 
talk about problems and challenges we have - so if you could consider this 
idea I would be very appreciative.  And of course don't get to hooked on 
God's country while you are in Napa.
Thanks!
John
I love you, baby.  Study hard.
Kean_Nora     Hi Daddy. I love you!!
- Nora
Please add Linda Robertson (Head of our DC office) to this list if that's ok.
Sally Keepers
05/04/2001 03:04 PM
Attached is final list for 2000
eserver@ on 05/04/2001 04:36:32 PM
Minor changes shown on the attached (gotta get the big guy's title right).
Lisa Connolly@EES
05/06/2001 08:17 AM
Please see attached press release with Skilling quote in red and on top of 
second page. The press conference is scheduled for 3:30pm on Monday, May 7. 
The City will need our comment by 10am Monday morning. 
Thanks,
Lisa
X54840, cell - 713-569-9563.
JYoung1530@aol.com on 05/05/2001 04:13:49 PM
Lisa 
Here's the draft release.  ((INSERT SKILLING QUOTE)) appears at top of second 
page.
Please insert quote...and return to me at BOTH email addresses 
(jyoung1530@aol.com AND james.young@cityofhouston.net).
THANKS!!
I'll call your cell to be sure you received this.
Talk to ya soon.
Jim Young
Mayor's Office
-0400
Send to lisa.connolly@ for insertion of Skilling quote.? Her cell 
number is (713) 569-9563. 
Jim Young, Sr. 
Communications Division 
Office of Mayor Lee P. Brown 
City of Houston, Texas 
phone (713) 247-2868? fax (713) 247-2039 
Please update my contact info: james.young@cityofhouston.net 
- 05.07.01 Fire Chief named.doc
I think the meeting is on Wednesday, but if you can be there (Sacremento, I 
expect) you should.  As I mentioned in my voicemail, I think the meeting will 
not be particularly substantive;  more likely it is a photo op for the 
governor to show how tough he is on the pirate generators.  Based on your 
message below, should we still plan to send somebody?  I still think we 
should if we can manage the legal risk.
Mike:  would you be able to attend as well?
As I indicated in my VM, I will be in LA early Tues morning. Would you like 
to talk about the isuues before your meeting--or would you like me to go? 
"Shohet, Jeff"  	05/04/2001 10:48 AM
Williams, Reliant, Enron, Duke, AES, Dynegy, Mirant and Sempra have been
invited to a meeting with the Governor.  The press release provides: "The
agenda will include "unpaid debts, credit and the supply of power."
Williams is concerned about attending such a meeting of competitors without
the presence of antitrust counsel even under the sponsorship of the Governor
(who presumably acts as both the sovereign and on behalf of the buyer(s We are looking into the Sovereign immunity and Noerr-Pennington issues to
determine how best to protect any such group discussions from challenge or
as evidence in any of the pending cases.  Are any of your clients also
concerned about this and are you also looking into these issues?
Williams would like to have a joint defense protected conference call
(perhaps later today if possible) to discuss this meeting and consider
whether antitrust counsel is needed for the group or if each participant
should attend with its own counsel.  Please let me have your thoughts and
whether one of you (or other counsel) is interested and available to
participate in a conference call.  Thanks/
Jeffrey M. Shohet
Gray Cary Ware & Freidenrich
Phone: (619) 699-2743
Fax:     (619) 236-1048
Mobile: (619) 933-2743
email:    jshohet@GrayCary.com
[INFO] -- Content Manager:
NOTICE:  This email message is for the sole use of the intended recipient(s) 
and may  
To contact our email administrator directly, send to postmaster@graycary.com
Thank you.
I think we should let people in the legislature know about this and see if 
one or more of them can get their hands on it.
Any thoughts?
"Michael Kirby"  	05/04/2001 06:00 PM
The complaint,albeit brief, filed May 1 in San Diego Superior Court by 
Strategy Integration, Inc versus Michael Aguirre and the other Hendricks  
plaintiffs' attorneys is quite extraordinary in its disclosure. A hard copy 
is being faxed. The expert firm alleges they were "retained...to explain, 
research, and investigate potential claims of gaming and collusion by energy 
providers who supply electricity to the California Energy Market ...[and] 
...retained to perform utility and energy consulting services." After 
alleging that the Hendricks attorneys "refused to pay Plaintiffs' first 
billing"  it is alleged that"defendants' refusal may have resulted from the 
conclusions Plaintiff drew in its analysis." We should consider if there is 
there a way to get this filing to Senator Dunn's office or a more friendly 
Senator  without identifying us as the source,.They can see what some expert 
in the field  hired by the plaintiffs'  class action lawyers apparently 
concluded on their own about the claims of gaming and collusion. I suspect 
that  Sen Dunn has no interest but some Republican Senator might have some 
use for it. It could  have some value if the hearings go forward. This is not 
urgent timewise but I wanted to bring it to your attention.
The information contained in this e-mail message and any accompanying 
documents is subject to the attorney-client privilege and/or the attorney 
work product rule and is confidential business information intended only for 
the use of the individual or entity named above.  If the reader of this 
message is not the intended recipient or representative of the recipient, you 
are hereby notified that any dissemination of this communication is strictly 
prohibited.  If you have received this communication in error, please notify 
the Systems Administrator at admin@pkns.com and immediately delete this 
message from your system.
OK by me.
Ken Rice@MUNICATIONS
05/01/2001 03:48 PM
Executive Committee:
We would like to pursue an offer to Rick Fehl prior to the next Executive 
Committee meeting on May 7, 2001.  Please forward your comments or questions 
as soon as possible 
You will find attached the recommendation letter and his resume.
Ken Rice & Kevin Hannon
OK by me.
I would like to pursue an offer to Mr. Shea prior to the next Executive 
Committee meeting on May 7, 2001.  Please forward your comments or questions 
by Tuesday, May 1, 2001 so that I can extend the offer by Wednesday, May 2, 
2001.
You will find attached the recommendation letter and his resume.
,
John Lavorato
Tammie Schoppe on behalf of John Lavorato.
Thanks for the invite (and the follow up voicemail).  I'd love to see the 
General (and you of course), but I'm going to have to pass.  Thanks anyway.
Sent by: Cathy Phillips@ECT
I would like to invite you and a guest to join me for the annual Juvenile 
Diabetes Foundation Gala to be held on May 12, 2001 at the Westin Galleria The guest speaker this year will be General Norman Schwarzkof.
Please contact Cathy Phillips (X-36898) and let her know if you are 
interested in attending.  Thank you.
Mike
meeting file
Gwynn Gorsuch
05/03/2001 04:20 PM
SK - this is on your schedule.  mm
Here's a follow-up to my earlier e-mail:
Ms. Antoinette Malveaux, President and CEO of the National Black MBA 
Association (NBMBAA) will be at Enron on Tuesday, May 8th to visit with you 
regarding strategic partnerships between our organizations.  Enron has a 
long-standing relationship with the NBMBAA primarily through the National 
Conference and Career Fair which is the largest and most prestigious resource 
for recruiting top minority MBA talent in the country (We have 10 hires from 
last year's convention).  In order for our discussion to have the necessary 
scope and to convey Enron's respect for the NBMBAA organization, Antoinette 
Malveaux will be meeting with top managers from human resources, branding and 
strategic marketing, business development and diversity 
Here is her bio, as well as some a profile of NBMBAA:
- Antoinette Malveaux short bio.doc
- Mission Statement bio.doc
As a reminder, here is the schedule for Antoinette's visit.  Please re-verify 
your calendar, so that we can have complete discussions with her about 
potential ways we can work together.
8:30  to    9:30 Lemmons, Bland, Warner     EB1196
9:30  to  10:30 Kean and Olson       EB 4746
10:30  to  11:30 FUSION:  Evanson, Kerr, Booth, Phillips, Duncan   EB 4746
11:30 to    1:00 Lunch:  Vegas, Marshall, Gorsuch, Schwartz?, Eakins  Outside 
EB (The Met?)
1:00  to   2:00 Davies, Palmer, Taylor      EB 4746
2:00 to   3:00 Paige        3AC 37th floor
3:00 to   4:00 Mintz, McDaniel       EB 2081
Many thanks,
Gwynn
as discussed
Leonardo Pacheco@
08/02/2000 03:41 PM
Please find attached the current copy of the EnronOnline Daily Public Report 
and Key Messages, including slides and statistics for public consumption The information contained in the attachments can be communicated to audiences 
outside the company and should be used to ensure that we present a consistent 
message to the public. Please ensure that this email is distributed to anyone 
in your group who needs to discuss EnronOnline with individuals outside the 
company.
Please note that this report is not intended to be used as a stand-alone 
presentation, nor that all the information be used in a single presentation 
or customer communication.
I think the memo needs some additional work.  I have made a number of 
suggestion (highlighted on the attached).
Attached is a draft of the PRC memo to go out from Jeff at the end of this 
week for your review.  Karen Denne, Michelle Cash, and Gina Corteselli have 
reviewed the document and their comments/edits/suggestions have been made 
accordingly.  Please have your responses to me no later than COB Wednesday, 
May 2, 2001.
Thanks,
Karen
A memo is coming out shortly.
Where can I go to find out what is required of me for the upcoming Analyst 
PRC?
Rod Hayslett
EB4054
713-853-6178
no objection
Phil, Karen, Kathy, Steve,
Diane and I are finally getting a will written.  I would like to ask all of
you if you have any objections to being named in the will as executors OR
executing an Advanced Health Care Directive.  An AHCD is document inwhich
Diane and I will state what our wishes are regarding life support.  I have
attached a sample copy for review.  If anyone objects, please reply to me in
the next 10-14 days.  We will be meeting with the lawyer sometime around the
15th or 16th.
Rob
- Advance Health Care Directive.pdf
Looks fine to me.  I have not cross checked the lists, but I assume you have 
included everyone who was designated to serve on the PRCs per the original 
memo (in addition to the new bus unit additions)
Billy Lemmons
04/30/2001 06:41 PM
Attached is a draft memo (including attachments) outlining the modifications 
we discussed last week.  We can communicate changes by email, or I'll be 
happy to arrange a short conference call.  If possible, I would like to 
distribute this by Wednesday or Thursday of this week.  After the four of us 
reach consensus, I suggest we preview Cindy (and maybe the HR heads) prior to 
distributing 
You will note that based on conversations I had with Skilling last week 
(where he emphasized his desire that we have one program, rather than a 
fractured program by business unit), I have added a review of the business 
unit distributions to the final meeting where we discuss the top perfomers I've also added Janet Dietrich (tent.) and another EES person (tbd) to the AA 
Committee, since they have a large group of AAs and no representation on the 
committee 
Please let me know if you have any questions or comments, and thanks for your 
help.  Ted and Terry did all the hard work.
,
Billy
Click Print Preview or print a hard copy - it's easier to read.
We do not have the Europe groups included.  Should probably include, or note 
in the memo itself that info is forthcoming.
We are concerned about leaks to the press which may have ocurred from our 
Washington office over the last few months (including leaks from a former 
employee).  Could you put someone in touch with Rick and Linda Robertson 
(head of our DC office)?
Richard Shapiro
05/02/2001 08:03 AM
Should I also talk to Brindell about possible inside leak?  anything else I 
need to do relative to security ?
calendar - fyi
Jeffrey Keeler
05/03/2001 10:48 AM
Sent by:  Lisa Jacobson, Environmental Strategies
___________
PLEASE LET US KNOW YOUR AVAILABILITY!
The Environmental Strategies Group will convene an "Emissions Strategy 
Meeting" in mid-May to discuss global emissions issues -- such as climate 
change and U.S. multipollutant legislation -- and explore some of the 
potential business opportunities for Enron commercial groups.
The primary objectives of the session are to 1) provide you with the latest 
information on emissions regulation, markets, and Enron's advocacy efforts 
worldwide and 2) receive feedback on your commercial interests and input on 
policy options so that we may develop the best business and policy strategies 
for Enron in both the short and long term.  We invite you or a member of your 
group to participate in this important strategic discussion.
Our target dates are May 16, 17 or 18 in Houston (likely time is 10 a.m. - 2 
p.m.).  Please respond immediately with your best available dates so we can 
finalize our arrangements.
Please review the attached invitation and preliminary agenda.  If you have 
any questions or suggestions in advance of the meeting, do not hesitate to 
contact me of Jeff Keeler.
We look forward to your participation.
Lisa Jacobson
Manager, Environmental Strategies
Enron
(202) 466-9176
mo - calendar
Rob - fyi, upcoming speech
Steve,
Here's an update from Karen regarding the letter to Ken/LA event  you put on 
my desk 
Karen Denne
05/03/2001 08:14 AM
I've got Ken Lay tentatively scheduled to speak to Town Hall Los Angeles on 
Tuesday, Aug. 7.  They were thrilled to hear that Ken had an interest in 
speaking to the group, and Jim McNulty with Parsons immediately recognized 
Ken and wants him to speak about the "big energy picture," given Enron's 
global perspective.  They've got a pretty heavy energy calendar in the next 
few months:
May 16 - Phil Angelides
June 19 - John Bryson
July 11 - Steve Ledbetter
July 26 - Loretta Lynch
You may want to attend these luncheons just to see what  these four have to 
say.  I've asked if Warren Olney could do the interview w/ Ken, and Adrian 
Medawar said she'd call him.
Sandra -- would you check with LABA to see if we could do that meeting the 
same trip (either before or after Town Hall).
Great job lining this one up -- thank you!
See you in San Fran.
kd
calendar fyi
FYI
epsa@mindspring.com
05/03/2001 02:35 PM
Please respond to epsa
Today, FERC issed the attached notice of a technical conference on the 
Californi
a natural gas transportation infrastructure, scheduled for May 24th.
- pl01-4.000.doc
This is an issue we have long struggled with.  We have conducted several 
comprehensive reviews in the past and on an ongoing basis we go through a 
resource allocation process which enables subjective criteria to be 
considered in the prioritization and resource allocation process.  I think 
the project is a good idea.  Your sources would be John, Jim Steffes, and 
Rick Shapiro (for the RCR, or resource commitment process).
Doug Schuler  Dear Steve, Jim, and Rick:
I just wanted to give you a quick update on my situation at Rice and to
inquire as to a future project with your group at Enron.
First, I apologize for my prolonged recent absences. I have had two
long-standing academic projects: one was due 4/19 (it was on "final review"
- a paper about corporate political strategy - and just was accepted for
publication at our top academic journal) and another is due 5/31. The 5/31
paper was commissioned long ago but is a key paper in a June conference
(topic is methods to study corporate political activities and the public
affairs function). In order to get it done properly, I need to forego any
work at Enron until later in the month.
A project of interest to me at Enron - and I hope one that you also have
interest - is assessing the effectiveness of governmental affairs. John
told me that he conducted such a study for the group last year. One of the
methodological challenges is to calculate the benefits that government
affairs brings - especially in a system where, for example, on the
legislative side, much of the "work" of government affairs is to block
legislation at very early stages. I suspect that govt. affairs needs to
justify its existence for internal budgets at Enron and thus the benefits
of the function are important to quantify. I'd like to review any of the
previous work and make suggestions as necessary.
At some point, let me know how you would like to proceed.
Otherwise, I hope all is well with you all.
Cordially,
Doug
Doug Schuler
Rice University
Jesse H. Jones Graduate School of Management
P.O. Box 1892
Houston, TX 77251-1892
(713) 285-5472 tel.
(713) 285-5251 fax.
schuler@rice.edu
eserver@ on 05/01/2001 02:04:13 PM
more detailed information
Leonardo Pacheco@
08/02/2000 03:41 PM
Please see the attached Management Report for August 1, 2000:
Total  Today Year To Date Life To Date
Number of Transactions  2,734 219,988 224,989 =20
Gross Notional Value $  1,371,286,027 105,447,948,516 106,707,606,475
=20
Revenue from Physical flows to date ($)  7,038,045,751 7,133,797,243 =20
=20
New Counterparties transacting today  0
Counterparties having transacted to date  423
Also attached is the Public Domain Report, containing information which is=20
intended for use in presentations or reports which will be seen by=20
individuals outside Enron:
Total Life to Date Transactions   > 224,000, which is > 59 % of Enron=01,s=20
current transactions for the month=20
Average Daily Transactions    > 2,000
Life to Date Notional Value of Transactions > $106 billion
Average Daily Notional Value    =3D Approximately $1 billion, which is 45.5% of=20
Enron=01,s Notional Volume
Number of Products Offered Each Day  =3D Approximately 820
=20
eserver@ on 05/01/2001 06:06:08 PM
looks good
Maureen McVicker
05/01/2001 05:36 PM
Steve:  FYI - this is what went out Tuesday night, after a few minor 
changes.  It was approved by Ken, Jeff & Cliff.
Maureen McVicker
05/01/2001 05:35 PM
Please see attached.
looks good
Richard Shapiro
05/01/2001 06:39 PM
Let's discuss.
Richard Shapiro
05/01/2001 06:11 PM
It is critical to our nation's energy future  to achieve robust competition 
in wholesale power markets in order to ensure that electricity can move most  
effectively from where it is produced to where it is most needed. To that 
end, this Administration will strongly encourage the Federal Energy 
Regulatory Commission( FERC)  to actively exercise jurisdiction over all 
aspects of electricity transmission in interstate commerce and place all uses 
of the grid under the same rates, terms, and conditions.  This jurisdiction 
must also be extended by Congress to cover non-FERC jurisdictional power 
authorities.
One minor edit
Karen Denne
05/01/2001 07:07 PM
Attached is a draft press release announcing Cliff's resignation.  This is 
scheduled to be issued tomorrow, following the distribution of the internal 
memo.  Please let me know if you have any comments or changes.
Thank you.
Karen
John Sherriff@ECT
05/01/2001 02:15 AM
The Forbes April 30, 2001 editorial piece "Slow Starters" on page 24 discusses
the "entry tax" which is the capital burden for starting a new business.  It 
states that rich countries
on average have relatively low entry costs while poor countries have 
stagering entry costs caused
by corruption, endless beuacracy, and cost of delays.  These "entry hurdles" 
and asscoiated costs
do not produce any tangible benefits for consumers, workers or the 
environment.
We might want to make the analogy of "entry tax" for new deregulated gas power markets.  Things like
negotiated third-party access (rather than regulated TPA) substantially slow 
the speed of new entrants and hence deter competition.
Negotiated TPA creates uncertainty for new entrants (they never know what 
they are going to get) and clearly slows
the new comers down.
I will send you a copy of the Forbes piece.
John
I have advised against Ken or Jeff attending the generators meeting:  Ken is 
still willing to make time avail on the 3d to meet with the gov.
All--here's some thoughts on the RGA related events.  We currently have Ken 
scheduled to participate in an energy roundtable discussion on the afternoon 
of the 2nd with at least four governors attending that session--Kempthorne, 
Hull, Geringer and Ridge.  (Engler and Rowland are also attending the overall 
event, but they will be in a healthcare breakout session).  Kaufman and I 
thought that it would be particularly helpful for Arizona Gov Hull and Idaho 
Gov Kempthorne to hear Ken's remarks and have a chance to talk with him 
I have also been working with Rosalee to schedule an early evening 
(6:00-7:00pm) meeting that night  with Exelon co CEO John Rowe. John Rowe 
will be in California for some investor meetings and well as attending some 
sections of the RGA events.  I have told my counterpart at Rowe's office that 
we would confirm Ken's availability on Monday morning.
If you do decide that Ken should attend the Davis meeting in Sacremento that 
day instead, we will just reconfigure a bit.  Paul and I will cover the RGA 
events and I will cancel the John Rowe get together. I would also want to 
talk about having Mr. Lay reach out to Hull and Kempthorne via phone sometime 
in the near future.  Same with Rowe.
Rosalee Fleming
04/27/2001 07:12 PM
I received a return call from Lelanie in Governor Davis' office this 
evening.  She said the Governor wanted to invite Ken Lay and Jeff Skilling to 
a meeting the Governor is having at 2:00 p.m. in Sacramento on May 2 with a 
lot of CEOs.  I still pressed for a one on one meeting on May 3 in 
Sacramento, but she told me the Governor wanted to have the one meeting all 
at once and his schedule was very tight on Thursday, May 3.   I transferred 
her to Sherri and called Ken.  Ken wanted me to try to get more specific 
information, which she shared that it is with generators - Sempra, Williams, 
CalPine, Duke, Dynegy, and Reliant.  She also said since the Governor has 
worked with Ken, she thought he might prefer that he attend.  Ken said to let 
you all know and be thinking whether we even want to do it.  He said one 
thought might be that he'd do that meeting and maybe Jeff could do the one in 
L.A. on May 2.
Talk to you Monday.
Rosie
Janel Guerrero
04/27/2001 02:39 PM
Just so we're all on the same page......Dasovich will arrive in Houston on 
Monday (mid-day) and will travel with Dr. Lay beginning on Wednesday (to 
Austin) and then on to LAX, Sacramento etc.  Steve said there really isn't 
time to have a pre-briefing so any questions that Ken has will have to be 
addressed enroute to CA 
Rosalee....we're giving Steve the briefing book today so he can review over 
the weekend and we'll have a final copy to Ken before he departs next week 
fyi.
Rosalee Fleming on 04/26/2001 04:00:22 PM
Ken wanted you to have a copy
Willliam Hogan  
FYI.? The complete version of the following paper is available on my web page=20
at:
www.whogan.com
????????ON THE EXERCISE OF MARKET POWER THROUGH
STRATEGIC WITHHOLDING IN CALIFORNIA
Scott Harvey and William W. Hogan
April 24, 2001
EXECUTIVE SUMMARY
Beginning in June of 2000, the shock of unexpectedly high prices in the=20
California electricity market convinced everyone of the need for policies to=20
correct the apparent market failures.? The public debate and policy=20
discussions have been dominated by a focus on market power as a principal=20
problem amenable to regulatory solution.? However, design of effective=20
policies to moderate prices or mitigate their effects depends on the=20
diagnosis of the underlying causes.? High prices attributable largely to an=20
exercise of market power in electric generation would point to particular=20
market participants and behaviors that could be targeted for regulatory=20
action.? By contrast, high prices attributable to bad electricity market=20
design would indicate a need for changes in the design.? High prices=20
attributable to higher fuel prices, environmental constraints and capacity=20
shortages, on the other hand, would prompt actions to address the cost of=20
fuel and environmental limitations and indicate that retail loads should=20
receive the appropriate price signal for conservation.
Suppliers could affect market prices by strategically withholding some=20
capacity in order to profit on the capacity actually sold in the market.? But=20
charging high prices during periods of scarcity is not classified as=20
exercising market power if there is no strategic withholding of supply.?=20
Likewise, refusing to supply without being paid is not an exercise of market=20
power.? Although the potential for withholding exists for many suppliers, the=20
focus of attention has been on the exercise of market power by thermal=20
generators in California.
On its face, the experience of extremely high prices suggests that the=20
exercise of market power could be important.? But at the same time the data=20
show that there have been profound changes in the California market such that=20
the thermal generators have actually increased their production more than=20
demand has grown.? If anything, thermal generators that hit annual output=20
limits produced too much rather than too little in the summer of 2000.?=20
Furthermore, the widespread impacts of higher electricity prices throughout=20
the western market, both on and off peak,? indicate that if the exercise of=20
market power is important it is occurring to an extent and through channels=20
unprecedented in this or other electricity markets.? In short, this is a=20
complicated story, and there is ample room for further investigation of the=20
data and diagnosis of causes.
Examination of the major analyses of the exercise of market power reveals=20
that the estimated magnitude of the possible strategic withholding of=20
electric generation is small enough to make it important to verify the=20
simplifying assumptions.? If strategic withholding were large and pervasive,=20
then the real details of the California electricity market could be ignored.?=20
But it is by now apparent that the evidence is not clear, and any finding of=20
the presence or absence of strategic withholding of generation in the=20
California electricity market could turn on the simplifying assumptions used=20
in the analysis of the data.? For example, annual limits on production=20
dictate that plants should not run in many hours when prices are higher than=20
direct incremental costs; hence, examinations of output decisions for=20
individual hours or months are necessarily incomplete.? The variation in real=20
time conditions is large enough to produce significant reductions in output=20
compared to the expectations given day-ahead prices; hence, with capacity=20
constraints average optimal production is necessarily less than optimal=20
production at average prices.? Limits on the ramping rate of generation=20
units, start-up costs, minimum load costs and other operational=20
inflexibilities imply that a dispatch day is not just twenty-four separate=20
hours and must be analyzed chronologically, recognizing these factors.? And=20
so on.? Accounting for such effects can reverse the implications of the=20
previous evidence.? Unfortunately, the real details are neither simple nor=20
incidental.
It is difficult to conduct a study of market power based solely on publicly=20
available data.? A fuller analysis would require data available only to the=20
California Independent System Operator, and has not been done.? Many factors=20
contributed to higher electricity prices in California, and the market power=20
theme is only, at most, part of the story.? The import of the previous=20
analyses is not to prove that market power has been exercised in the=20
California electricity market but, rather, to suggest that it might be=20
important.? The import of the sensitivity analysis here is not to prove that=20
market power has not been exercised in the electricity market? but, rather,=20
to suggest that it is unlikely to be the dominant factor and may not even be=20
significant.? With the available data in the public domain, and the special=20
complications introduced by the California market design, the margin of error=20
in estimating the extent of the possible exercise of market power through=20
strategic withholding of electric generation is of the same order of=20
magnitude as the effect being measured.? On balance, to date the publicly=20
available data provides no reason for the Federal Energy Regulatory=20
Commission to change its conclusion that there is no evidence of strategic=20
withholding nor any proof that no strategic withholding has occurred.
By contrast, there is general agreement that the California electricity=20
market design is =01&seriously flawed.=018? Furthermore, there is evidence that the=20
policy responses that have been adopted in California have accelerated an=20
already serious market collapse.? Hence, without dismissing the possibility=20
of the exercise of market power, the principal policy focus should be on=20
fashioning workable solutions for the other more serious problems in market=20
design that relate to the underlying causes of the market meltdown.
Separate from market power mitigation, California should pay its bills, raise=20
incremental prices to retail customers, and move as quickly as possible to=20
operating a coordinated and efficient market with consistent pricing for all=20
that includes unit commitment, day-ahead scheduling, and real-time=20
balancing.? Although not a panacea, these steps would address immediate=20
problems and set the stage for longer-term initiatives to expand generation=20
capacity, transmission infrastructure, and the reach of an efficient market=20
to the western interconnected grid.
William W. Hogan
John F. Kennedy School of Government
Harvard University
79 John F. Kennedy Street
Cambridge, MA 02138
617-495-1317 (o)
617-495-1635 (f)
william_hogan@harvard.edu
web page: www.whogan.com
or
Could you coordinate with Cindy Stark on the meeting with Massey in a couple 
of weeks?  Stan has asked me if I would like to attend.  I would, but don't 
know when exactly it is scheduled for.
Stanley Horton
04/26/2001 04:53 PM
I agree.  I suggest the following.  Joe, we need you to go give a pitch to 
Massey's assistats about what is going on.  Next Jerry Halvorsen has 
scheduled a lunch with Massey in two weeks.  He has invited me to attend What do you think?
Steven J Kean
04/26/2001 03:09 PM
We need to communicate with Massey before he gets completely carried away 
blaming the interstate pipeline business for gas price spikes.  We need to 
get him the information regarding Cal LDCs failure to fill storage and their 
opposition to additional pipeline construction in the state.  Shelley could you forward copies of the LDC filings to the group.  Should Joe or I 
(or both) try to see massey when I am in town next week?
Last week, I distributed a presentation that the Brattle Group gave before 
the California Inquisition (i.e., legislative gas oversight committee looking 
into the gas price spikes at the Cal border 
The Brattle Group is a consulting firm that Edison has long used to beat up 
on SoCalGas (recall that Edison used to be a big gas customer when it owned 
power plants).  Edison "arranged" for the Brattle Group to be the star 
witness at the Cal Leg gas hearing.  Their job was to set up El Paso and 
Dynegy for the hit at hearings that took place the following day.  Their 
message was simple (and simplistic):
El Paso and Dynegy have market power.
They have used the market power to drive up basis and thus the price of gas 
at the border (to "obscene" levels).
That, in turn, has driven up electricity prices.
Ken Lay is giving a gas talk tomorrow, and Rob Bradley asked that I provide 
the alternative view to the Edison/Brattle rant, in the event that he gets 
any questions on the topic.  It's attached.  Apologies, it's quick and dirty, 
but it provides the basics.
Obviously no need for us to defend El Paso or Dynegy, but might be useful to 
offer a more rationale explanation than the one that the California 
Legislature is peddling.
Finally, we were also fingered somewhat as culprits at the hearing (the 
California PUC FERC lawyer claimed that ENA and TW colluded to drive up basis 
when ENA controlled a portion of  the capacity), but the overriding goal of 
the hearing was to go after EP and Dynegy.
Best,
Jeff
Nice work Kerry and Barb.  I think we should do the follow up work on setting 
a follow up meeting with the Senator.  Ken left it open whether he would be 
available when the Sen is in Houston, so we have made no commitment in that 
regard.
Janine Migden
04/27/2001 08:32 AM
Thanks Steve. 
That's great news.  Just as an FYI, the memo that Ken worked from was 
prepared by Kerry Stroup and Barbara Hueter who are the leads on Missouri As a follow-up, will Sen. Kinder be contacting Ken Lay directly or should 
Kerry and Barbara contact Sen. Kinder's office as the date gets closer to 
make arrangements? 
Please advise.
Thanks,
Janine
Steven J Kean
04/26/2001 08:07 PM
Ken talked to Sen Kinder.  He made the points you had prepared.  Kinder 
agreed to shelve the legislation for this session.  He said he had been 
hearing from several others, including Proctor and Gamble (which has a big 
facility in his district) that the legislation was not going to help 
competition develop in the state.  He expressed willingness to work with us 
on a better package and also expressed interest in coming to Enron's 
offices.  He is going to be in San Antonio in August and would like to come 
to Houston around that time.
Peggy Mahoney@EES
04/27/2001 03:58 PM
FYI:
Early next week, EES is filing an environmental permit for a gas fired or 
diesel 50 megawatt mobile, temporary generation
"facility" in Gallup, New Mexico.  We anticipate that we will use gas, but in 
either case, we will not pass the emmissions threshold.
Obviously diesel will provide less generation.   Enron currently has a gas 
compressor on site and we own the land We are seeking to deliver the power to markets in the west. This will serve 
the Palo Verde region.  Jim Steffes has been
advising as to the local permitting processes.
I will keep you in the loop as we proceed.  We will probably look to permit 
other such generation facilities in the west.
Additional information on the regulatory context.
Richard Shapiro
08/02/2000 05:54 PM
Richard Shapiro
08/01/2000 11:59 AM
Enclosed is revised regulatory " issues" memo that  served as the basis for 
discussion at yesterday's regulatory  review  meeting--- the only outstanding 
issue , as I just communicated to Charles Still at Skadden, is confirmation 
of  the fact that there are no antitrust approvals required in South Korea 
relative to SK- that confirmation should be forthcoming from local counsel 
this evening.  Lisa- I assume you will see this gets to Bill Gathmann 
immediately so he can  forward on to regional general counsel for final 
sign-off. 
Rick, please find attached clean and marked versions of the regulatory
issues memo.
- Regulatory Issues.DOC
- compare 4v2.DOC
FYI.
I think they should try to get in to see Lundquist, but I don't think we need 
to participate in this.  We have been focussed on nation-wide issues when we 
have had the opportunity to meet with Lundquist and I don't think we should 
use our limited shots here.
We have met an individual named Wayne Valis, of the Lobbying firm of Valis 
Associates. He likes the approach we are taking to the problem. He is 
offering to get us access to Andrew Lundquist (I said staffer preciously, but 
we now know he is Chairman of the President's Energy Task force). He also 
thinks he can get us in to top levels of the Energy Department, and the White 
House (we think he is talking about Carl Rove - who was G.W.'s Campaign 
Manager and is now a senior White House Counsel).
For this service, he wants $10,000 plus direct expenses. If unsuccessful in 
at least getting us into Lundquist, he will not charge anything. We think 
it's a worthwhile shot. Could Duke and/or Enron agree to split the expense 
with us? Also, it will be imperative that all of us, whether paying or not, 
be represented at whatever meetings are arranged.
Please advise.
,
Steve Crain
I forgot to email myself the brief to track changes, but here are my changes 
in writing:
p. 1:  Para starting "focusing on the latter," that sentence, change "get 
creative" to be innavotaive in its approach."
p. 2:  1st full Paragraph, Second sentence, change "uniting" to "common" and 
there is a typo on line5, reduction n consumption.   Should be "of"
page 6:  We need the RR for PG&E.
Under Part VII, Rate Design, can we insert a sentence that our proposal, 
unlike the others, does not arbitrarily allocate costs to peak period.  We 
told Scott we wuold insert the arbitrariness of other proposals several times 
in the brief.
We also need ro insert discussion about relation of peak to offpeak prices, 
as a 3:2 ratio, which is not what other parties have proposed.
page 8:  2.  Derivation of Threshold Usage:, first sentence, delete "between" 
in first sentence.
page 9:  Second full paragraph, begining "Again, the UDS's, "  Second 
sentence, sited should be "cited"
p. 12:  First full paragraph beginning "A primary component,"  Insert a 
sentence after the second sentence to mention, again, the arbitrariness of 
proposals allocatin costs between peak and offpeak.
Second full parag, beginning, "Enron's proposal, can stick a sentence about 
arbitrariness in there too.  And change "more necessary goal" in 4th sentence 
to "more critical goal"
I don't have the email I sent out about what we agreed to insert with Scott, 
so if you have a chance, check it to make sure we did everything we agreed to.
I am going to try to come into the office very early tomorrow and will check 
email again, but my son has an appointment with the neurologist here in 
Houston at 9:20 am tomorrow, and that is where I will be when you have the 
9:30 call (we made this appointment months ago).  But I will communicate with 
Harry and everyone else before then.  Thanks. 
Please coordinate with PGE on the comments.
Steve. PGE has 10 days to take a position and file comments on extending the
new must offer provision west-wide. Does Enron have a specific policy position
on this question?   On the other questions we like the surcharge and hate the
ISO's proposed iron curtain.  al
eserver@ on 04/27/2001 11:53:15 AM
Congratulations on your appointment by Fox.  That's great news.  I continue 
to be impressed by the way Fox is handling things.  Let me know what I can do 
to help.  As you know we are looking for a replacement for the unreplaceable 
Ricardo Charvel.  I know you and he have discussed some possibilities.  Rick 
Shapiro has met several candidates and will be bringing two to Houston in the 
next week or so.
Dr. Kean continues to improve her golf game while I slave away at Enron to 
cover the greens fees.  Let me know when you are coming to town next.
Have we made this available to the Cheney team?
Here's the Opinion Elite file.  It looks very strong for our open access 
argument.
Suggest we update the WH.  Any other uses?  I have the verbatims and cross 
tabs.  We'll send a sanitized version (although there's not much I wouldn't 
want everybody to see) to some of the interviewees who requested it.
Mark
"Nicole Fink"  	04/24/2001 03:49 PM
Enron Team:
A draft of the key findings of the opinion elite survey is attached.
We are sending out hard copies tonight so you should have them
tomorrow morning.
Thanks.
File:  execsummary.PDF
Date:  24 Apr 2001, 16:47
Size:  41949 bytes.
Type:  Unknown
- execsummary.PDF
Go ahead.
Do you mind if the professionals in my group attend?  5 people (assuming they 
all want to go - Margo, Miyung, Linda, Lynnette and Earlene) each at $190 for 
airfare, $380 for two hotel nights, plus shuttle services and misc expenses I'm always encouraging my group to interact with Rick's group, as Gov't 
Affairs is our primary customer base 
I'm not planning to attend the meeting.
Thanks!
Ginger Dernehl
04/25/2001 04:31 PM
Well, the time has arrived for me to let you know what is in store for 
everyone at the next Government Affairs department meeting on Thursday, June 
14.  The meeting will take place at:
The Omni Interlocken
500 Interlocken Blvd.
Broomfield, Colorado  80021
Phone# 303-438-6600
Fax# 303-464-3252
Check-in time  3:00 p.m.
Check-out time  12:00 p.m. (Noon)
The  Government Affairs meeting will take place on Thursday, June 14 and will 
begin at 8:00 am and will conclude by 11:30 am.  I have arranged for box 
lunches to be served after the meeting.   After the meeting, we will have the 
remainder of the day for some fun activities, along with a buffet dinner 
served that evening to complete the day (on-site dinner location TBD 
Block of Rooms - A block of rooms have been reserved for Government Affairs I will be turning in a rooming list to the hotel next week so, I  would like 
to know by Friday, April 27 your plans to attend the meeting 
Shuttle Service -  See attachment for shuttle times.  Please note, a return 
reservation from the hotel to the airport is required.  Please contact the 
Concierge to arrange for shuttle service.
Colorado Weather - For the month of June, you can expect the 
following High's - 80.............Low's - 52
Flights from Houston - I have checked with TAP for roundtrip flights from 
Houston - Denver, Denver - Houston and an exceptionally great 
(non-refundable) fare of $190.94 is available.  However, fares are not 
guaranteed until actually booked.   Let's book early 
The activities to choose from are as follows:  Please let me know by May 4 
your choice of activity 
Whitewater Rafting - A bus will leave the Omni Interlocken Resort at 2:00pm 
to head for an afternoon of exciting adventure on Colorado's Clear Creek The Arkansas River is one of the most popular whitewater adventures anywhere, 
combining spectacular scenery and action packed rapids.  Teamwork is the name 
of the game as your team paddles down these tumbling cascades.  Continuous 
class III and IV rapids will thrill guests throughout the run. Drop over 
Nomad, surge through the Phoenix Holes and take on the class IV climax, the 
Outer Limits.  Good physical condition and the ability to swim are 
recommended.  The group will have three thrilling hours on the river and will 
return to the Omni by 6:15pm.
Chautauqua Park Hiking Adventure - One of the most popular access points for 
mountain hiking trails in Boulder is Chautauqua Park. The focal point is the 
100-year-old dining hall.  The Colorado Chautauqua is one of only four of the 
original Chautauquas still operating in America, as opposed to when thousands 
dotted the nation and culturally enriched rural people in the early 1900s. 
The tour includes: transportation, professional guide service, two hours of 
guided hiking - total time for excursion is 4 hours. (Dress code: Shorts or 
hiking attire, appropriate footwear, sunglasses, sunscreen and hats Departure time and return will be relayed at a later date.
Spa Services -  The Spa at Omni Interlocken Resort offers a number of spa 
services (massages, facial & skin care treatments, body treatments or nail 
services, to name a few).  If you are interested in this as an activity, 
please let me know and I will fax a detailed list of their services.  You 
will need to call the spa and schedule your own appointment if this is the 
activity you choose.
Golf -  For the golf enthusiasts, an afternoon of golf at the Omni 
Interlocken 27-hole championship golf course which stretches out over 300 
acres of verdant fairways is another activity to select from.  Spectacular 
panoramic views from three 9-hole courses, which feature more than 400 feet 
in elevation changes.  If this is the activity of choice please respond via 
e:mail and I will add you to the list.  The game of choice will be "best 
ball" play.
Biking -  Scenic bike paths are located near the hotel for those with 
interest.  If this is your choice of activity, please let me know and I will 
reserve a bike and map for you enjoyment.
After reviewing the choices above, please select an activity you prefer to 
take part in.  Due to the fact that our group is so large, (which makes it 
more difficult to coordinate activities) once you select an activity, we ask 
that you not change your selection.  So, please talk to your colleagues ahead 
of time before making your choice.
Thanks and don't hesitate to call me if you have any questions.
Gngr
- SuperShuttle.doc
- Directions from DIA with map.doc
I think it's a good idea, but we will need a different summary ... either 
limit the summary to a couple of key points or provide an explanation, in 
layman's terms, of the practical effect of each of the changes.
Cindy Olson
04/26/2001 01:46 PM
Steve, what do you think Mikie Rath
04/26/2001 01:12 PM
What do you think of us sending out a U.S. Domestic employee mass e-mail 
asking our participants to lobby 
for passage of this very important bill.  I tried to make it more interesting 
than dry toast.
Let me know since this is heating up as you can see from the bulletin just 
p.s.  Obviously, I didn't get in enough protesting during my hippie years!
"In related news, the House Ways and Means Committee voted
35 to 6 to expand tax breaks for retirement savings plans.
The bill, which will go to the full House next week, would
increase the contribution level for IRAs from $2,000 to
$5,000, increase the annual dollar limits for 401(k) plans,
and allow employees over age 50 to "catch up" on pension
contributions they may have skipped when they were younger.
(The New York Times, 04/27/2001, National ed., p. A16; The
Wall Street Journal, 04/27/2001, Midwest ed., p. A22 ; The
Washington Post, 04/27/2001, p. A1)"
I think wholesale will be well covered.
How much of an issue is this?  So far, Mark is the only one that has 
responded with a conflict.  Please advise.  Thanks, SRS
Mark will be in Sydney, Australia at this time 
FYI, he leaves for a loooong trip on May 12th and will not be back in the 
office until May 24th, and even then only for 1 day.  He'll be back in the 
office properly on June 5th (I know this is much more info than you need, but 
it might be useful!)
Nicki
The next corporate policy committee offsite is scheduled to take place on 
Monday, May 21, frm 8:30 a.m. to 1:00 p.m., location to be determined Please mark your calendars and let me know immediately if you have a conflict 
with this date and time.  Thanks, SRS
Ken talked to Sen Kinder.  He made the points you had prepared.  Kinder 
agreed to shelve the legislation for this session.  He said he had been 
hearing from several others, including Proctor and Gamble (which has a big 
facility in his district) that the legislation was not going to help 
competition develop in the state.  He expressed willingness to work with us 
on a better package and also expressed interest in coming to Enron's 
offices.  He is going to be in San Antonio in August and would like to come 
to Houston around that time.
OPIC information
Steve
Here are the projcts which have OPIC financing:
Batangas, Philippines - closed 
Dabhol I  - closed
Dabhol II  - closed
Trakya, Turkey  - closed 
Accro, Venezuela  - closed.
Projects in process:
Cuiaba I  - Board approval received, Financially closed, awaiting 
disbursement  (projected  August 15,2000)
Guatemala PQ  - Board approval received, Not yet financially closed.
Gaza  - Board approval received, Not yet financially closed, 
fyi
Ray Alvarez
04/25/2001 11:58 PM
The following report is comprised of what was discussed at the Commission 
meeting held tonight at approximately 7 PM EST and additional intelligence 
gathered from FERC staffers after the meeting by Joe Hartsoe:
Physical Withholding -- To prevent physical withholding, the plan will 
require sellers with PGA's to offer all their available power in real time All California generators, even those not subject to FERC price regulation, 
will be required to sell into the ISO's real time market as a condition of 
their use of the ISO's interstate transmission lines. Hydroelectric 
facilities will be exempted. (24-7 for 1yr) 
Price Mitigation -  The plan will establish a single market clearing price 
auction for the real time market.  During Stage 1, 2 and 3 emergencies in the 
ISO's real time market, each generator (other than hydro) with a 
participating generator agreement is required to offer all available power 
and bid its marginal cost based on the generator's heat curve, emission 
rates, gas costs and emission costs, plus $2 for O&M.  The gas cost will be 
the average daily cost of gas for all delivery points in California; 
emissions are to be based on Cammon Fitzgerald(?).  The gas cost and 
emissions will be published the day after, for use on the following day.  A 
single market clearing price is determined in real time for all generators Highest bid sets the clearing price.  Each gas fired generator must file with 
FERC and the ISO, on a confidential basis, heat and emission rates for each 
generating unit.  The ISO will use these rates to calculate a marginal cost 
for each generator, including maintenance and operating costs.  In the event 
a generator submits a bid higher than the proxy price, the generator must, 
within 7 days of the end of each month, file a report with FERC and the ISO 
justifying its price.  FERC has 60 days to review/act.  No opportunity costs 
in real time.  Marketers are in the same boat, as they must be prepared to 
justify bid at purchased cost based on specific purchases or portfolio with 
no opportunity cost.  However, credit sleeves are permissible.
Demand Response - Beginning June 1, only public utility load serving entities 
must submit demand side bids to curtail load and identify the load to be 
curtailed under those bids.  FERC is attempting to break the demand curve (24-7 
Outages -- PGA generators will coordinate planned outages and report forced 
outages in accordance with the Commission Staff proposal adopted by FERC. 
Term - Order expires one year from date of issuance.
RTO Filing - California ISO and two Utilities must make RTO filing by June 1 
or Order lapses with no further effect.
ISO Reporting - On September 14, 2001, ISO must file a status report on how 
things are working and how much generation has been built.  Comments are due 
in 15 days.  Quarterly reports thereafter.
Revocation of Market Based Rate Authority and Refunds - The market based rate 
authority of all public utilities is conditioned on 1) no physical withhold 
of capacity, and 2) no inappropriate bidding behavior.  Inappropriate bidding 
behavior includes bidding unrelated to known characteristics of the 
generation unit or without an input cost basis or bidding not based on unit 
behavior.  An increased bid based on increased demand could apparently be 
inappropriate.  In addition, "hockey stick" bids are expressly prohibited 
(i.e.  bidding 95% at marginal cost and 5% at a much higher level).
Limited 206 filing - Applies to sales in the WSCC, outside California Refund conditions apply in real time spot markets when contingency within a 
control area falls below 7%.  Control areas are not required to publish when 
this condition occurs.  Apparently anything over marginal cost must be 
justified.  All marketers and non-hydroelectric generators must offer to sell 
contractually and physically available capacity/energy to a location within 
WSCC.  FERC is attempting to mirror the rules applied in California Comments are due in 10 days on the 206 investigations.  The refund effective 
date is 60 days from publication of the Order.
Nox Limits in California --  Must sell requirements do not apply if a unit is 
prohibited from running by law.  However, it appears that incurring fines 
does not overcome the must sell requirement- just include the fines as part 
of the price bid.  Also if Nox is limited, may seek to show that generation 
would have been sold elsewhere or at different times for determining price 
Surcharge to pay past amount due -- Comments are due in 30 days on 1) whether 
FERC should require the ISO to surcharge parties for payment into an escrow 
account to pay past costs and 2) the effect this surcharge would have on the 
PG&E bankruptcy filing 
No mention was made at the meeting as to issue of exports of power from 
California.  The Order is not finally drafted as of yet, and the status of 
the foregoing items could change upon issuance of the Final Order.  We will 
keep you posted.
RA 
We need to communicate with Massey before he gets completely carried away 
blaming the interstate pipeline business for gas price spikes.  We need to 
get him the information regarding Cal LDCs failure to fill storage and their 
opposition to additional pipeline construction in the state.  Shelley could you forward copies of the LDC filings to the group.  Should Joe or I 
(or both) try to see massey when I am in town next week?
Last week, I distributed a presentation that the Brattle Group gave before 
the California Inquisition (i.e., legislative gas oversight committee looking 
into the gas price spikes at the Cal border 
The Brattle Group is a consulting firm that Edison has long used to beat up 
on SoCalGas (recall that Edison used to be a big gas customer when it owned 
power plants).  Edison "arranged" for the Brattle Group to be the star 
witness at the Cal Leg gas hearing.  Their job was to set up El Paso and 
Dynegy for the hit at hearings that took place the following day.  Their 
message was simple (and simplistic):
El Paso and Dynegy have market power.
They have used the market power to drive up basis and thus the price of gas 
at the border (to "obscene" levels).
That, in turn, has driven up electricity prices.
Ken Lay is giving a gas talk tomorrow, and Rob Bradley asked that I provide 
the alternative view to the Edison/Brattle rant, in the event that he gets 
any questions on the topic.  It's attached.  Apologies, it's quick and dirty, 
but it provides the basics.
Obviously no need for us to defend El Paso or Dynegy, but might be useful to 
offer a more rationale explanation than the one that the California 
Legislature is peddling.
Finally, we were also fingered somewhat as culprits at the hearing (the 
California PUC FERC lawyer claimed that ENA and TW colluded to drive up basis 
when ENA controlled a portion of  the capacity), but the overriding goal of 
the hearing was to go after EP and Dynegy.
Best,
Jeff
eserver@ on 04/24/2001 11:28:52 AM
I already responded to this.  Print for my meeting file.
Greetings:
Thank you for joining us for the May 22-23, 2001 Forum on Securing the
Energy Future of the Western United States here in Denver.  If you require
any audio visual aids for your presentations (overhead projector, LCD,
etc.), please respond to this e-mail ASAP.  Please remember that you will be
asked to remain within the time limits outlined in the memo to
speakers/discussants from Marshall Kaplan and David Olsen.
We are compiling a series of articles on western state power problems and
possible options to overcome problems for distribution to  all Forum
participants.
We welcome your submission of any recent article or articles, or their
citations and/or web page references, that you have found interesting and
useful.  These might address subjects such as power challenges; alternate
policies with respect to supply and demand management; financing power
related infrastructure;  use of innovative technology with respect to energy
management and efficiency; or the convergence of power, environmental and
carbon emission reduction policies.
If you have an article or articles to submit for inclusion in the Forum
Notebook, please convey it electronically by responding to this e-mail, or
fax or mail it as noted in the signature concluding this message by no later
than May 4th.
If you are intending to write out your remarks to the Forum, we would also
welcome receiving those in advance of the Forum for inclusion in the
materials provided to participants.
Please feel free to contact us with any questions or comments.
Thanks for your attention to these requests.  We look forward to seeing you
at the Forum on May 22nd.
Sincerely,
Heidi VanGenderen, Senior Associate
Wirth Chair in Environmental and
Community Development Policy
Institute for Policy Research and Implementation
University of Colorado-Denver
1445 Market Street, Suite 350
Denver, CO  80202-1727
Tel - 303-820-5676
Fax - 303-534-8774
Marshall Kaplan
Tel - 303-820-5605
I will need an LCD projector and a computer (or connections for my computer) 
so that I can show the presentation.  Thanks.
Greetings:
Thank you for joining us for the May 22-23, 2001 Forum on Securing the
Energy Future of the Western United States here in Denver.  If you require
any audio visual aids for your presentations (overhead projector, LCD,
etc.), please respond to this e-mail ASAP.  Please remember that you will be
asked to remain within the time limits outlined in the memo to
speakers/discussants from Marshall Kaplan and David Olsen.
We are compiling a series of articles on western state power problems and
possible options to overcome problems for distribution to  all Forum
participants.
We welcome your submission of any recent article or articles, or their
citations and/or web page references, that you have found interesting and
useful.  These might address subjects such as power challenges; alternate
policies with respect to supply and demand management; financing power
related infrastructure;  use of innovative technology with respect to energy
management and efficiency; or the convergence of power, environmental and
carbon emission reduction policies.
If you have an article or articles to submit for inclusion in the Forum
Notebook, please convey it electronically by responding to this e-mail, or
fax or mail it as noted in the signature concluding this message by no later
than May 4th.
If you are intending to write out your remarks to the Forum, we would also
welcome receiving those in advance of the Forum for inclusion in the
materials provided to participants.
Please feel free to contact us with any questions or comments.
Thanks for your attention to these requests.  We look forward to seeing you
at the Forum on May 22nd.
Sincerely,
Heidi VanGenderen, Senior Associate
Wirth Chair in Environmental and
Community Development Policy
Institute for Policy Research and Implementation
University of Colorado-Denver
1445 Market Street, Suite 350
Denver, CO  80202-1727
Tel - 303-820-5676
Fax - 303-534-8774
Marshall Kaplan
Tel - 303-820-5605
eserver@ on 04/16/2001 10:53:15 AM
meeting folder
Hello All:
We look forward to seeing you in Denver for the Regional Leadership Forum on
Securing the Energy Future of the Western United States on May 22-23.
Following is logistical information for you on hotel and transportation.
Forum Location:  The Forum will be held at the Denver Metro Chamber of
Commerce Building , 1445 Market Street in lower downtown Denver.
Hotel:  We have rooms held in all of your names at the Denver Marriott City
Center, 1701 California Street in downtown Denver.  Tel:  303-297-1300.  The
room rate is $89/night.  Please be prepared to pay your hotel bill directly
at the hotel, upon check-out.
The Marriott has a full fitness center and is a nine-block walk to the
Denver Metro Chamber building.  There is a free mall shuttle that runs
east/west on the 16th Street Pedestrian mall that can also transport you for
six of those blocks.
Transportation from the airport:  The Super Shuttle is easily found at
ground transportation at the airport and costs $17 one-way for a trip to the
Marriott, or $30 if you purchase a round-trip ticket.  Taxi cabs are readily
available at a cost of $46 for the trip downtown.
Please don=01,t hesitate to contact me with any additional questions or
comments.  Again, we look forward to seeing you in Denver in May.
Sue Green
Administrative Assistant
Institute for Policy Research
1445 Market Street, Suite 350
Denver, CO  80202
303-820-5602
Cindy - this looks like it might be an opportunity for you or David to reach 
your target audience.
Steve,
Any thoughts on this?
Take care,
Mark
Dear Mr. Metts,
Enron, being one of the extraordinary companies that has been able to
restructure the corporation in an effective way, and that still is under
important business transformation, is a subject of many interests. The
current challenges are keeping company's management busy. Being aware of
this I wanted to take liberty of asking, if it would be possible to get
someone of Enron's top executive to contribute Nokia's top executive
development program. We have invited a few external key note speakers to
elaborate their company's transformation. This kind of experience change has
proved to be beneficial for both parties. Also Nokia's experiences have been
valuable input in certain restructuring processes.
This program, called Panorama, is an annual top executive development
program, which takes about half a year in three modules. In every year we
have nominated 35 participants to this intensive action. The program target
is three folded, give input to company's strategy development, strengthen
and integrate common understanding of company's direction, and develop
leadership capacity. The program owner is Jorma Ollila, CEO of Nokia.
What are benefits from Enron's point of view in the case we are able to get
someone of Enron's executives in the program? I think that one of the most
important outcome of this kind of events is  to open a dynamic networking
and discussion forum between our executives. Both parties could capitalize
this cooperation.
In short, we would appreciate very much if we could have your company's
presentation in this Panorama forum.
Looking forward to hearing from you,
Yours sincerely,
Juhani Hokkanen,
Senior Vice President, Human Resources Development
Nokia Group
Tel. (858)831-4877
Mobile (972) 467-1453
Suggested changes are highlighted below.
John Sherriff@ECT
04/24/2001 12:55 AM
May I please have your comments if any on this draft by close of business 
Wednesday.  We hope to have agreed on the Q&A's by then and to send it out 
the announcement on Thursday.
John
To be sent to:  All Enron Europe, all employees in Japan,  all Global Markets 
and all VPs and up around the company
Enron has established several wholesale businesses in Japan in the last year 
including Metals,  Power Plant Development (via our investment in EnCom Coal,  LNG & Weather.   We see significant opportunities in each of these 
businesses and we will continue to expand our presence in Japan in order to 
capture these opportunities.  However, while Japan continues to make progress 
towards a liberalized electricity market, significant barriers to power 
trading remain under the current interim market structure.  Until further 
tangible steps are taken to improve third party access for electricity in 
Japan, we will suspend our power marketing efforts and focus on the 
significant opportunities that currently exist in our other wholesale 
businesses. [Any statement regarding our existing power sales commitment Once the necessary regulatory changes have been completed we expect to 
aggressively pursue Enron's traditional position as the leading buyer and 
seller of electricity in every deregulated market 
We are making a number of organization changes in order to better align our 
resources with the opportunities in the Japanese market.  [deleted text] Joe 
Hirl our President of Enron Japan will move to the Global Markets group and 
lead a team that will focus on developing all our Global Markets 
opportunities in Japan especially Weather,  Oil,  LNG,  Coal, and 
Shipping.    We expect to continue our general recruiting  of Japanese 
nationals and as President of Enron Japan,  Joe will continue to provide the 
overall business leadership to both recruiting and the Analyst and Associate 
program in Japan.  The Finance origination team headed by Jeremy Thirsk will 
continue to report to Joe and also move to Global Markets.  Our power trading 
group led by Morton Erik Pettersen will transition into other roles around 
Enron.  The Equity/FX/Interest rate team which is a part of Global Markets 
has two employees in the Tokyo office today and they expect to expand their 
efforts throughout the year.
The EnCom group, which is our power plant development business (with minority 
partners) and headed by Carey Sloan will continue its efforts in developing 
power plants in Japan.  We are pleased with the progress we are making on a 
number of sites and EnCom will continue to report to the Enron Europe Office 
of the Chairman.
Our Metals team headed by Kazunari Sugimoto will continue to report through 
Enron Metals in London.
By May we expect Enron Credit to have two to three employees in Tokyo pursing 
the Credit Derivative business.  These employees remain in  Enron Credit , a 
part of Enron Europe.
EBS has two employees headed by Jim Weisser and this team expects to expand  
by year end.
The Industrial Markets team also expects to have two employees in the Tokyo 
office in the next couple of months.
In the last seven months the commercial support services for Japan have been 
transitioned to London for support and this is not changing.  Jane McBride 
heads the legal team and will continue to functionally report  to Mark Evans, 
General Counsel in London.   The RAC function will continue to report to Ted 
Murphy, head of RAC for Enron Europe.   The Risk Management and Accounting 
team is headed by Jan-Erland Bekeng will continue to functionally report to 
Fernley Dyson in London.  The  IT, HR,  Tax and real estate teams will also 
continue to functionally report to London. 
Nick O'Day who heads the Public Affairs group (Government & Regulatory 
Affairs and the Public Relations) in Japan will report to the Enron Europe 
Office of the Chair with a Public Relations functional reporting to Jackie 
Gentle in London and a Government Affairs functional reporting to Rick 
Shapiro in Houston.   We anticipate that his team's efforts will be primarily 
directed to supporting the EnCom power plant development team but they will 
also continue to provide support for Global Markets, EBS & Industrial Markets.
We have already made considerable progress in breaking into the Japanese 
markets across a wide range of Enron businesses and we anticipate that this 
will provide significant profit growth for years to come. Through these 
current changes we can demonstrate our ability to be flexible and target our 
resources where they will realise the most immediate value for the company.
Hello to all Support Staff.   I am Montrice Malone, Support Clerk for the 
Executive Support Team.  I am updating the Executive Support Database.  In 
order to better serve their IT needs for home support, the following 
information is needed 
Executive name, cell phone, home phone, home street, home city, home zip 
code, spouse if any.  In addition, because you are primary support you are 
also eligible for home support from the IT executive home support team. We 
also need your home phone, home street, home zip code,
for our records. Thank you very much for your assistance and information You may reply to this e-mail or contact me at EXT# 5-3600. 
Thanks,
Montrice Malone
Executive Support Team Clerk
Office: 713-345-3600
Montrice.Malone@
We can create significant mutual benefit by partnering with a firm which is 
focussed on developing IT systems for bulk power systems:
We need to take our deregulation model to the next level of detail by having 
IT solutions which will support our view of how the market ought to work.
The IT firm would benefit from our access to the policy makers (domestic and 
international)  whose decisions will make the IT firm's systems either 
successful or obsolete.
Call me if you would like to discuss.
To all--Steve Horn's Investment group has been approached to possibly invest 
in a company, Soft____, that makes EMS and tagging systems (which BPA is 
using and PGE may use).  We met w/ Shashi Patel of Steve's group today and 
discussed that there are competitors out there, including OATI, Alstom ESCA 
(who are partnered with Ross Perot).  Ross Perot has approached Enron about 
promoting its system in the Midwest ISO.   We used this system for Enron 
control area's EMS.  Ross Perot is going to contact Steve Kean to set up a 
meeting to show us his product.  Also, Kevin Presto thinks that OATI would be 
a good investment.
Steve Kean--Steve Horn and Shashi Patel are interested in being included in a 
presentation by Perot.
Sarah and Joe--Can you think of any FERC regulatory constraints that would 
limit Enron's ability to invest in one of the software providers to 
utilities/RTOS?  I couldn't think of any reason off hand. 
Thanks.
Steve/Joe/Sarah--See the attached memo from Alstom ESCA to Kevin Presto Alstom ESCA did the Enron control area's (ENSE) EMS system that we needed to 
comply with NERC policies.  How should we proceed?  Thanks.
What are your thoughts?  I recommend talking with Steve Kean and Joe Hartsoe 
ASAP to coordinate with the ESCA/OATI/Perot System consortium regarding the 
Midwest ISO.  Dick George from ESCA mentioned that Ross Perot would like to 
make contact at a high level inside Enron to discuss the merits of Enron 
supporting a for-profit transco structure for the Midwest ISO.  The 
ESCA/OATI/Perot System consortium is offering a system to the Midwest ISO 
that is designed to support  a for-profit transco.  The consortium's primary 
competitor (ABB) has a system that supports the more structured ISO 
environment (similar to California and PJM).
Kevin and Lloyd,
The Signatories of the Midwest ISO follow:
Allegheny Power
Ameren (formerly Union Electric and Central Illinois Public Service Company)
CILCO
Cinergy
Commonwealth Edison
Hoosier Energy Rural Electric Cooperative
Illinois Power
Kentucky Utilities
Louisville Gas & Electric
Northern States Power
Wabash Valley Power
Wisconsin Electric
The status of the formation is anti-profit, i.e. a holding pattern is in
place with a FERC Tariff request to carry over seven years.  The view is
that a for-profit-ISO goes completely against the grain and that only a
mandate by FERC will get them to change.  Given Entergy's fight with FERC
even a mandate will be a hard fought court exercise.
At present there are sixteen control areas therefore the system requirement
with grandfathered contracts in each is odious.
Nevertheless, the form ESCA and our partners Perot, OATI and Tenfold offer
is a full-up system ready for a for-profit implementation.  As you might
expect the division of responsibilities on the proposal is Perot as Program
Manager (their position with the California ISO again), OATI for Tagging and
Congestion Management, Tenfold for Settlement and Billing, and finally ESCA
for the EMS/Market Systems.  We prefer a for-profit model as it betters our
offering and provides more near-term opportunity.
Discussions with the Perot, OATI and Tenfold partners concurred that sharing
information with Enron and vice-versa would help all of us understand how
each side may be able to position ourselves with the Midwest ISO.  Mutual
help and cooperation is to our partners, ESCA's and it would seem Enron's
advantage.
MIDWEST ISO BOARD OF DIRECTORS
JAMES H. YOUNG, JR. - Chairman
Former Senior Vice President, Business Development
South Carolina Electric & Gas Company, Columbia, SC
Address:
130 Aspen Trail
Columbia, SC 29206
(803) 782-2943
Jim10@mindspring.com
PAUL E. HANAWAY - Vice Chairman
Former Commissioner, Rhode Island Public Utilities
Commission
Providence, RI
Address:
231 Whites Ledge Lane
Glen, NH 03838
P.O. Box 601
Glen, NH 03838
(603) 383-9374
(603) 383-6912 (FAX)
phanaway@landmarknet.net
WILLIAM O. ALBERTINI
Former Executive Vice President and Chief Financial
Officer
Bell Atlantic Corp. 698 Strafford Circle
Strafford, PA 19087
(610) 293-1511
(610) 293-0392 (FAX)
woakka@bellatlantic.net
DAVID F. DEROSA, Ph.D.
President, DeRosa Research and Trading, Inc.
495 White Oak Shade Road
New Canaan, CT 06840
(203) 801-4340
(203) 801-4342 (FAX)
derosa@derosa-research.com
DONALD L. STOKLEY
Former President and Chief Executive Officer
Municipal Electric Authority of Georgia
Address:
870 Highgreen Court
Marietta, GA 30068
(770) 973-5385
(770) 933-7755 (Office)
(770) 955-5092 (FAX)
WILLIAM P. VITITOE
Former Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and
President
Washington Natural Gas Company, Seattle, WA
Address:
No. 1, Dodge Place
Grosse Pointe, MI 48230
P.O. Box 36203
Grosse Pointe Farms, MI 48236
(313) 886-7071 (FAX rolls over)
J. CLIFFORD DODD
Chief Information Officer
Ameritech Corporation
Address:
2000 W. Ameritech Center Drive
Mail Stop 4H-41
Hoffman Estates, Illinois 60196
(847) 248-4600
(847) 248-4602 (Lorelei Anderson, Admin. Asst.)
(847) 248-7155 (FAX)
KARL, ZORBIST - Secretary, Counsel and Interim
President
Blackwell Sanders Peper Martin LLP
2300 Main Street, Suite 1100
Kansas City, Missouri 64108
(816) 983-8171
(816) 983-8080 (FAX)
kzobrist@bspmlaw.com
Our proposal is due in about 60 days, therefore we would hope to start
exchanging help with each other soon.
Please let me know if you need more information?
We appreciate your help.
Thank you,
Dick George
ALSTOM ESCA
OPIC information.
Steve
Here are the projcts which have OPIC financing:
Batangas, Philippines - closed 
Dabhol I  - closed
Dabhol II  - closed
Trakya, Turkey  - closed 
Accro, Venezuela  - closed.
Projects in process:
Cuiaba I  - Board approval received, Financially closed, awaiting 
disbursement  (projected  August 15,2000)
Guatemala PQ  - Board approval received, Not yet financially closed.
Gaza  - Board approval received, Not yet financially closed, 
Jean - please get in touch with Greg.
Enron is a member of the Texas eCommerce Association and they asked if we=20
would provide a panelist this Thursday night the 3rd for the Texas=20
deregulation panel. =20
First, do you want anyone from your organization answering questions about=20
Texas deregulation on this or any panel?  If it is OK with you if this sort=20
of thing is done, who would the person be from your organization and can they=20
do it next Thursday?
Sorry about the short notice, I just found out today.  I have not agreed to=20
anyone, I said I would talk to you and try.
Your thoughts?
GP
Greg,
I just talked to Gary and he said you guys had a terrific meeting.
We are so glad to have Enron as a Cornerstone Member and look forward to=20
working with you as one of our Advisory Board members.
As Gary mentioned, we are having our Houston ePanel on Thursday, May 3. =20
Thanks so much for working on getting us the right person from Enron to be a=20
panelist.  The details of the event are as follows:
eserver@ on 04/19/2001 04:04:09 PM
Yes
Make sense for me to attend the meeting?
Steven J Kean
04/19/2001 12:31 PM
I got a voicemail fro Ken.  He would be happy to meet with Freeman.  He is 
willing to work on other times, but suggested the following
After 3:00 on May 2nd (right after Ken's speech to the RGA) or late the day 
before or in the morning of the second (to do this though he would have to 
cancel his speech to the Texas Governor's business council but he is willing 
to do this if necessary)
His least preferred alternative in this general time frame would be early 
morning on the third.
Jeff -- could you coordinate with Rosie to get the time and place nailed down?
I'll give 150.
Sent by: Sherri Sera
I know how incredibly busy you all are, so I'm sure that making a pledge to 
Jeff for the MS150 has simply slipped your mind.  Well the ride is this 
weekend, time is running out and we need you!
Enron's goal is to raise $700,000, and Jeff's personal goal is to raise 
$50,000.  As of today, we are a little better than half way there.  Won't you 
consider helping him reach his goal?
Thanks for your consideration.  I look forward to hearing from you tomorrow 
Sherri 
I think Mike should sign
Peter Styles@ECT
04/20/2001 04:57 AM
Jeff: Following our conference call yesterday, Nailia and I will send you a 
European Government Affairs mark-up later today. We'll try to incorporate any 
views expressed by Paul Hennemeyer and Doug Wood too. 
Jeffrey Keeler@
19/04/2001 22:00
Attached is a first draft of a response to Greenpeace's April 5 letter to 
Jeff Skilling asking for Enron's answers to some specific questions on the 
Kyoto Protocol and climate change.   Similar letters were delivered by 
Greenpeace Europe in native languages to Enron's offices in the UK, 
Netherlands, Spain, and Belgium.
I have attached a copy of one of the letters below.  All the questions are 
the same in each.
I have drafted a response with the goals of:
1)  Being responsive to Greenpeace without being defensive or without 
"greenwashing."   We have an already-published public "statement" on climate 
change and a very positive, solution-oriented story to tell, with many facts 
and accomplishments to back up our statements.   I think our letter can land 
in the stack that they consider "positive" responses, and not in the stack of 
non-responses or "we don't care" responses.
2)  Steering away from directly answering the no-win questions about "Kyoto   I think we can respond to the letter in a way that provides meaningful 
answers to the general themes of the letter.   I have discussed this with 
many of you already, but I strongly feel that we should not get dragged down 
into debates over what we like/dislike, support/oppose about Kyoto....we'll 
quickly get into questions we can't now answer, and may never be able to 
answer.   I'd prefer it if we rise above the politics of the issue and look 
solution-oriented by saying counties and companies should continue to be 
engaged in this important issue.
3)  Developing corporate-wide messages that we can use in multiple 
applications -- arming our PR and govt. affairs advocates with a tight script 
to use in their efforts; responding to shareholder inquiries and annual 
meeting Q&A;  Ken Lay or other executive speeches and presentations; 
something for our Corporate Responsibility annual report 
Sorry for the long preamble, but climate change has become a very sensitive 
issue of late, and our message/strategy needs to be very coordinated and we 
need to have one clear set of statements that everyone in the company can 
understand and use.  With that said, I also believe that these messages 
should be used very carefully, as the subject matter is complex and straying 
too far from the basics can be dangerous.  We should designate one or two 
clear spokespeople that can answer any follow up to the Greenpeace letter by 
press or policymakers, and really stick to the boundaries of what's in our 
response letter.
There is also the issue of customizing responses from the European offices, 
using this letter as a template and adding a few examples of Enron good deeds 
in the local areas.   I am not opposed to doing so, but would again 
appreciate being able to review these responses before they go.  Please let 
me know if you have other views.
I would like to send our response by early next week, maybe even Monday 4/23 
if we can turn it around that fast.  Thank you for your input and assistance 
and I look forward to your reply.
Jeff
Jeffrey Keeler
Director, Environmental Strategies
Enron
Washington DC office - (202) 466-9157
Cell Phone (203) 464-1541
calendar
Kelly Johnson
04/20/2001 09:47 AM
Attached is a notice of special meeting of the Compensation and Management 
Development Committee on May 1st at 3:00 p.m. until 5:00 p.m. This meeting is 
addition to the April 30th meeting.
See natural gas price article below.  Our buddy Paul Carpenter has turned on=20
us (not to mention that he seems to be talking nonsense).  How about giving=20
him a call?
Miyung Buster@_DEVELOPMENT
04/20/2001 10:22 AM
Please see the following articles:
Sac Bee, Fri, 4/20:  "State might balk on power: But refusing to=20
pay 'ridiculous' prices could add to crisis"
Sac Bee, Fri, 4/20:  "SMUD directors vote to hike rates: A tentative=20
increase of 19% to 27% is blamed on rising energy costs"
Sac Bee, Fri, 4/20:  "Lieberman to Bush: Help California solve power woes"
SD Union, Fri, 4/20:  "Escondido calls a halt to power plant ideas"
SD Union, Fri, 4/20:  "Inflated natural-gas prices add to energy costs,=20
expert says"
SD Union (AP), Fri, 4/20:  "Davis, Congress members call for energy price=20
controls"
SD Union (AP), Fri, 4/20:  "Regulators open investigation into alternative=20
power providers"
SD Union (AP), Fri, 4/20:  "Attorney general taking two energy companies to=20
court"
LA Times, Fri, 4/20:  "Legislators Unite Over Energy Price Issue"
SF Chron, Fri, 4/20:  "Small fry among big fish in PG&E bankruptcy=20
Some unlikely businesses are listed as creditors against utility"
SF Chron (AP), Fri, 4/20:  "Developments in California"
SF Chron (AP), Fri, 4/20:  "California utility wants to boost Mohave power=20
plant production"=20
SF Chron (AP), Fri, 4/20:  "PG&E owes money to several small businesses,=20
unlikely creditors"
SF Chron, Fri, 4/20:  "Edison pushes lawmakers to accept deal"
Mercury News, Fri, 4/20:  "Who will pay the most for power?"
Mercury News, Fri, 4/20:  "Credit-raters put state on watch"
Mercury News, Fri, 4/20:  "Power company executives going without bonuses"
Mercury News, Fri, 4/20:  "Davis and US lawmakers call for price caps on=20
power"
Mercury News, Fri, 4/20:  "Generators cutting electric output; regulators=20
want to find out why"
OC Register, Fri, 4/20:  "FERC remains an unlikely rescuer
The federal agency hews to a hands-off policy on power rates"
OC Register, Fri, 4/20:  "Lawmakers seek bigger rollbacks, can't agree on=20
caps"
OC Register, Fri, 4/20:  "Energy notebook
Assembly urges federal regulation of natural gas"
OC Register, Fri, 4/20:  "Shed light on costs"                 (Commentary)
Individual.com (AP), Fri, 4/20:  "End To Deregulation of Nevada Power"
Individual.com (Business wire), Fri, 4/20:  "PG&E Co. Issues Statements On=20
the=20
Increase in the State's Cost for Power"
Indivdual.com (PR/newswire), Fri, 4/20:  "J.D. Power and Associates Reports/=20
Nationwide=20
Decline in Customer Satisfaction of Electric Utility Service Among=20
Midsize Businesses"
Individual.com (PR/newswire), Fri, 4/20:  "Calpine to Purchase 46 General=20
Electric Gas Turbines
Turbines in Place for 70,000-megawatt Program"
State might balk on power: But refusing to pay 'ridiculous' prices could add=20
to crisis.
By Dale Kasler
Bee Staff Writer
(Published April 20, 2001)=20
Adding to the risk of summertime blackouts, the state water department said=20
Thursday it might not pay "ridiculous" prices for electricity even if that=20
leaves California short of power.=20
The Department of Water Resources, which has been buying electricity for the=20
state's two beleaguered utilities since mid-January, wouldn't spell out what=20
it considers ridiculous. But if prices get too high, the state might be=20
better off ordering blackouts or implementing proposed new conservation=20
programs designed at cutting usage on short notice, said Raymond Hart, the=20
department's deputy director in charge of power purchases.=20
Gov. Gray Davis took a different view, saying: "We will continue to keep the=20
lights on. When you're fighting a forest fire, you don't say, 'Let me see,=20
how much is this going to cost me? Maybe I can't write the check, maybe I=20
can't put the fire out.' You put the fire out and then worry about the cost=20
later."=20
But Davis' spokesman, Steve Maviglio, said the Governor's Office indeed is=20
contemplating whether to refuse to buy power at any cost. "At what point does=20
the state say, 'Enough is enough'? Those scenarios are certainly under=20
discussion," Maviglio said.=20
The water department until recently resisted buying all the power Southern=20
California Edison and Pacific Gas and Electric Co. needed, refusing to=20
purchase electricity it deemed too costly. But lately it's had to relax that=20
stance because of an order by the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, Hart=20
said.=20
That April 6 order said power generators can no longer be forced to sell=20
electricity to uncreditworthy entities such as the Independent System=20
Operator, which manages the state's power grid. Because the ISO -- which gets=20
its money from the utilities -- can no longer buy the power, the water=20
department is now buying all the electricity required by the utilities, Hart=20
said. But he said the department could back off if prices get out of hand.=20
"If the prices just get ridiculous altogether, there's a policy call to be=20
made, and we'll cross that bridge when we get there," Hart said.=20
The ISO has predicted that severe shortages could bring 34 days of rolling=20
blackouts this summer. The potential refusal of the water department to buy=20
ultra-expensive power could further strain the grid.=20
"On a daily basis we're dealt a set of cards," said ISO spokesman Patrick=20
Dorinson. "It sounds like ... we're going to be handed another set of cards,=20
and we're going to have to try to maintain the reliability of the grid as=20
best we can."=20
Hart's comments came amid an increasingly rancorous debate between Davis and=20
PG&E over the water department's power expenditures. State spending shot up=20
following PG&E's April 6 filing for bankruptcy protection.=20
Davis said generators began demanding a "credit penalty" from the water=20
department because of the PG&E bankruptcy proceedings. As a result, the=20
state's daily costs shot up last week to $73.2 million from $57.4 million in=20
the week before PG&E went bankrupt, the governor's office said.=20
Hart agreed, saying several generators raised their prices. "Every time=20
there's a major hiccup in the market, such as PG&E bankruptcy or a staged=20
alert by the ISO, there's a price run-up," Hart said.=20
But prices have settled down this week. After peaking at $345 a megawatt hour=20
April 12, prices for north state power were at $243 on Thursday, just below=20
what they were prior to the bankruptcy filing, according to the Enerfax news=20
service.=20
PG&E, however, said its bankruptcy filing had nothing to do with the state's=20
increased spending.=20
"This claim is simply not accurate," the utility said in a memo to reporters.=20
Rather, the increased spending is due solely to the fact that the water=20
department is buying more units of electricity in the wake of the FERC order,=20
PG&E said.=20
Regardless of the cause, the increased spending by the water department could=20
further strain the state's budget -- and complicate Davis' plan to finance=20
the power purchases through a bond offering.=20
The state has committed $5.2 billion from its general fund for power=20
purchases since January. Those mounting purchases, along with PG&E's=20
bankruptcy filing and other energy crisis uncertainties, prompted a third=20
Wall Street credit rating agency, Fitch, to place the state on a "ratings=20
watch" this week, meaning the rating might be downgraded.=20
A downgrade could raise California's borrowing costs. All three of the=20
leading Wall Street credit agencies now have California on a ratings watch.=20
Meanwhile, the state Public Utilities Commission on Thursday ordered an=20
investigation of why hundreds of cogenerators and other alternative energy=20
providers haven't resumed production even though they've begun receiving=20
payments again from Edison and PG&E.=20
These generators, under contract to the utilities, provide more than 20=20
percent of the state's energy supply. Hundreds shut down, worsening=20
California's power situation, because they'd received little or no money from=20
the utilities since November.=20
The PUC ordered Edison and PG&E to resume payments, starting this week, for=20
new power deliveries.=20
But the generators say the payments aren't enough to get them back online.=20
So PUC President Loretta Lynch said the commission will investigate whether=20
to order Edison and PG&E to begin repaying them the hundreds of millions owed=20
for past deliveries.=20
The Bee's Dale Kasler can be reached at (916) 321-1066 or dkasler@sacbee.com.=20
Emily Bazar of The Bee's Capitol Bureau contributed to this report.=20
The Bee's Carrie Peyton can be reached at (916) 321-1086 or=20
cpeyton@sacbee.com.=20
The Bee's Emily Bazar can be reached at (916) 326-5540 or ebazar@sacbee.com.=20
Escondido calls a halt to power plant ideas=20
Temporary step will give it time for overall planning
By Jonathan Heller=20
UNION-TRIBUNE STAFF WRITER=20
April 19, 2001=20
ESCONDIDO -- After being inundated with proposals to build power plants in=20
the past few months, the City Council yesterday called a timeout.=20
The council voted 3-2 to suspend consideration for 30 to 60 days of any=20
proposals to build energy generating facilities in the city. During that=20
period, city staff members will develop a comprehensive approval process that=20
will factor in the cumulative effects of such plants.=20
"We need to step back and look at the direction we're going in," City=20
Councilwoman June Rady said.=20
The city has been juggling four power-plant proposals since January:=20
?Sempra Energy Resources wants to build a 500-megawatt plant in the southwest=20
part of Escondido. It has not yet filed formal plans with the city Planning=20
Department.=20
?Ramco Inc. of San Diego has received approval to build a 44-megawatt plant=20
on Mission Avenue in west Escondido.=20
?CalPeak LLC of San Diego has filed plans to build a 49.5-megawatt plant on=20
Enterprise Street, not far from the Ramco plant.=20
?Another firm has expressed interest in building a 49.5-megawatt plant on=20
city property on West Washington Avenue, but has not submitted plans yet.=20
Yesterday's decision means that all the projects -- except the=20
already-approved Ramco plant -- are now on hold, and no new proposals can be=20
filed with the city.=20
The decision halts a mad dash by developers to bring power plants on line by=20
the summer to take advantage of special incentives offered by Gov. Gray=20
Davis.=20
Mayor Lori Holt Pfeiler and Councilwoman Marie Waldron opposed the move. They=20
said it would only delay much-needed solutions to the region's energy crisis,=20
which is expected to come to a head this summer.=20
"If (plant developers) have a chance of getting power on line by the summer,=20
we should not be the ones to stand in the way," Pfeiler said.=20
Waldron argued that cities have to be more proactive at this time, not less.=20
"The governor is not solving the problem," Waldron said. "It's up to local=20
governments to try to do what they can."=20
Joe Rowley, Sempra's project development director, said he doubted the=20
council's decision would upset his plans.=20
"Our timetable is still not fully defined," Rowley said. "Obviously there's a=20
lot of work we have to do to get to the point where an application can be=20
processed."=20
Meanwhile, council members listened to two people who made impassioned pleas=20
for the city to consider alternative power sources.=20
David Drake, a service architect for SAIC in La Jolla, urged the council to=20
think about solar power. There is more than enough available land -- and=20
rooftop space -- to install enough solar panels to power the whole city, he=20
said.=20
"Escondido has 65 square miles," he said. "But 2,500 acres could be employed=20
to power us forever without any reliance on imported energy."=20
Local inventor Arnold Lund urged the council to consider energy generated=20
from windmills.=20
The council also voted to work with San Marcos in exploring ways to seek=20
inexpensive, stable energy rates.=20
The hope is that the two cities can forge a deal with Sempra for cheaper=20
rates. Sempra officials have said they are willing to discuss possible rate=20
deals with the city.=20
To buy power directly, a city has to adopt a special legal arrangement, such=20
as forming a municipal utility district. San Diego Gas & Electric is the only=20
energy service provider in the county that buys and sells power from the=20
regional energy grid.=20
San Marcos has formed a municipal utility district but has not signed any=20
deals to buy power. It would be a more lengthy process for Escondido to form=20
such a district. San Marcos is a charter city and has more flexibility under=20
the state Constitution. Escondido is a general-law city.=20
Inflated natural-gas prices add to energy costs, expert says=20
Windfall-profits tax gets Davis' backing
By Bill Ainsworth=20
UNION-TRIBUNE STAFF WRITER=20
April 19, 2001=20
SACRAMENTO -- Federal regulators' failure to stop what they described as=20
anti-competitive practices in the natural-gas industry added $750 million to=20
Southern California Edison's cost of electricity, a consultant estimated=20
yesterday.=20
The consultant, Paul Carpenter of the Brattle Group, spoke to an Assembly=20
subcommittee investigating why California pays the highest natural-gas prices=20
in the nation. Natural gas is a critical part of the electricity crisis=20
because most of the state's generating plants run on natural gas.=20
Natural-gas prices have soared throughout the nation, but the bench mark=20
price paid at California's border has been double that paid at other bench=20
mark locations throughout the nation for months, according to figures=20
released by the Assembly Subcommittee on Energy Oversight.=20
Next week, Carpenter plans to testify at hearings in Washington, D.C., on=20
behalf of Southern California Edison and the California Public Utilities=20
Commission, which are asking federal regulators to intervene.=20
The giant utility and the state regulatory body contend that a sweetheart=20
deal between El Paso Natural Gas and El Paso Merchant Energy gave the sister=20
companies enough market power to artificially raise the price of natural gas=20
that flows into Southern California from Texas.=20
El Paso owns the major pipeline bringing natural gas from fields in New=20
Mexico and Texas to Southern California. El Paso Merchant Energy is an=20
unregulated sister company.=20
Carpenter called the prices paid in Southern California "simply=20
unprecedented" in the United States. He estimated that the sister companies=20
manipulated the market enough to add $2.60 to the price of a million British=20
thermal units of gas.=20
In addition, he said, El Paso Merchant Energy owns part of 20 smaller power=20
plants, "qualifying facilities" that get paid based on the price of natural=20
gas in California. The higher natural-gas prices increase the company's=20
revenues, Carpenter said.=20
El Paso company officials are expected to testify in front of the Assembly=20
subcommittee today, but in proceedings before the federal regulators they=20
have denied any sweetheart deal.=20
In a report they commissioned, the company blamed the higher natural-gas=20
prices in Southern California on increased demand and constraints on pipeline=20
capacity.=20
Gov. Gray Davis, meanwhile, gave his strongest endorsement yet to a=20
windfall-profits tax on generators as a Senate committee chaired by Joseph=20
Dunn, D-Laguna Niguel, began a series of hearings to probe possible price=20
gouging by generators.=20
"I believe the Legislature would be well within its prerogative to insist=20
that generators receive an appropriate reduction, whether it's 20 percent or=20
any other number the Legislature hit upon," Davis said.=20
Senate Democrats, Davis said, will form a special committee to help work on=20
his plan for the state purchase of the transmission system of Southern=20
California Edison for $2.76 billion, in exchange for state aid in paying off=20
the utilities' debt.=20
The governor said he told Senate Democrats, a number of whom are skeptical of=20
the plan, that Edison's parent firm has agreed to back a $3 billion upgrade=20
of the neighborhood distribution system retained by Edison and to return a=20
$400 million tax refund to the utility.=20
At the natural-gas hearing yesterday, state officials said that after El Paso=20
Merchant Energy bought a significant part of the pipeline capacity from its=20
sister company, it withheld natural gas to drive prices up.=20
"Marketers have gamed the system and figured out how to hoard capacity and=20
undermine competition," said Harvey Morris, an attorney for the California=20
Public Utilities Commission.=20
State regulators want the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, which=20
regulates natural gas, to open the market to more competitors.=20
But the commission has repeatedly rejected similar complaints in the past. On=20
March 28, FERC ruled that the affiliates did not arrange a sweetheart deal.=20
"The fact that El Paso Merchant controls a large volume of capacity does not,=20
in and of itself, render the El Paso contracts unjust, unreasonable or unduly=20
discriminatory," FERC ruled.=20
In other cases involving natural gas, federal regulators acknowledged that=20
certain contract provisions allowed anti-competitive behavior, but they=20
approved those contracts anyway.=20
Lawmakers said they were puzzled by the federal regulators' lack of action.=20
"It baffles me that we've found the problem -- anti-competitive behavior and=20
market gaming, but there's no cure because federal regulators won't take=20
action," said Assemblyman Juan Vargas, D-San Diego.
Staff writer Ed Mendel contributed to this report.=20
Davis, Congress members call for energy price controls=20
By Gary Gentile
ASSOCIATED PRESS=20
April 19, 2001=20
LOS ANGELES =01) Gov. Gray Davis and a bipartisan group of the state's=20
congressional delegates agreed Thursday that the federal government must act=20
to control the wholesale price of energy.=20
"For us the big issue is how we address the unjust rates," said Rep. Mary=20
Bono, R-Palm Springs. "I believe we are up to it and will handle it as soon=20
as we can."=20
Davis met behind closed doors with 27 congressional representatives,=20
including Sen. Dianne Feinstein, D-Calif., at the Sheraton Gateway Hotel near=20
Los Angeles International Airport. He said after the 90-minute meeting that=20
the group discussed a threefold approach to the state's power crisis.=20
The strategy includes requiring federal agencies in the state, including=20
military facilities, to conserve energy this summer and asking the Federal=20
Energy Regulatory Commission to find a way to control the wholesale price of=20
electricity and increase the flow of natural gas into California.=20
Davis repeated his criticism of federal regulators for not acting sooner to=20
control the wholesale price of electricity and said he was hopeful the=20
state's congressional delegation could work together to find a bipartisan=20
solution.=20
"We agreed there has to be a mechanism to reduce the wholesale price of=20
electricity," Davis said. "We have agreed to work cooperatively across party=20
lines to find ways we can reduce those costs. We're in this together. Party=20
doesn't matter. Finding a solution does matters."=20
"To have the price of moving natural gas go up by a factor of 10 or more is=20
absurd," said Rep. Brad Sherman, D-Los Angeles. "So many of our colleagues=20
are telling us it's California's fault, but California does not have the=20
authority to regulate these two items."=20
The group also talked about easing environmental regulations during power=20
emergencies to allow small companies and even military bases to run small=20
generators.=20
"If you have generators in the state, regardless of what they run on, because=20
we're entering this emergency period in the summertime and will be short of=20
power, you should be allowed to turn them on," said Rep. Duncan Hunter, R-El=20
Cajon.=20
Hunter said small generators could produce about 500 to 600 megawatts during=20
a power emergency if exemptions to various clear air requirements could be=20
made.=20
Officials discussed ways to allow FERC to control wholesale prices without=20
violating ideological positions staked out by high-ranking Republican=20
officials, including Vice President Dick Cheney, who oppose price controls=20
and favor free markets.=20
Rep Jane Harman, D-Torrance, said she would support a finding by FERC that=20
power wholesalers should not be allowed to charge market rates, but rather=20
rates more tightly pegged to the cost of generating power.=20
"We're not talking about artificial caps," Harman said. "We should insist=20
that the FERC not renew their market-based rate authority. And if we go that=20
route, it takes us to the same place and avoids the ideological fight."=20
The meeting did not result in any specific proposals but participants praised=20
the bipartisan nature of the talks and said it would result in a unified=20
approach in Washington.=20
"We have a responsibility to make sure the federal government takes it's role=20
seriously," said Rep Gary Condit, D-Modesto. "We clearly understand what our=20
assignment is today and I think we're going to work together in a bipartisan=20
way to get that done."=20
Regulators open investigation into alternative power providers=20
By Michael Liedtke
ASSOCIATED PRESS=20
April 19, 2001=20
SAN FRANCISCO =01) Hoping to prevent California's bleak power outlook from=20
becoming even darker, state regulators Thursday launched an investigation=20
into why alternative energy providers aren't producing more electricity.=20
With the action, the California Public Utilities Commission hopes to=20
determine if legitimate business reasons or ulterior motives underlie the=20
reduced output by an independent group of small generators that provides much=20
of the state's energy.=20
These alternative generators =01) known in the industry as "qualifying=20
facilities," or QFs =01) have been scaling back or shutting down as debts owed=20
by California's two largest utilities pile up. The QFs are owed an estimated=20
$700 million by bankrupt Pacific Gas and Electric and financially crippled=20
Southern California Edison.=20
Some QFs say the unpaid bills have forced them to defer much-needed=20
maintenance, leading to more equipment breakdowns that reduce electricity=20
output. Other QFs say they simply can't afford to keep operating.=20
The PUC is worried some QFs are trying to take advantage of the California=20
crisis to get out of long-term contracts that require them to sell=20
electricity at prices far below the current market rate. Several QFs are=20
suing to get out of those contracts so they can cash in on the open market,=20
said PUC Commissioner Carl Wood.=20
All the QFs want is to be paid for bills that date back as far as November,=20
said Jack Raudy, a spokesman for the Renewable Energy Creditors Committee,=20
which consists of 10 alternative power producers owed a combined $410=20
million. Those 10 generators produce about 3,000 megawatts =01) which Raudy said=20
was enough electricity for 3 million homes.=20
"We are outraged (by the PUC's investigation)," Raudy said. "We have heard so=20
much rhetoric over the past five months and still haven't been paid a dime.=20
That is what we are worried about."=20
Raudy estimated his group is operating at about 95 percent of capacity.=20
After the temporary closure of several QFs contributed to rolling blackouts=20
around the state last month, the PUC ordered PG&E and SoCal Edison to begin=20
paying the generators for the energy purchased since March 27.=20
But the order has done nothing to help the QFs recover the past debts. The=20
QFs are now in line in bankruptcy court with 30,000 creditors owed money by=20
PG&E, which expects its unpaid bills to rise to $5.5 billion by the end of=20
this month.=20
If the QFs get desperate enough, they may decide to push SoCal Edison into an=20
involuntary bankruptcy case, Raudy said.=20
PUC Commissioner Geoffrey Brown defended the alternative energy providers=20
during Thursday's hearing.=20
"Any QFs that are not operating right now are doing so for financial reasons,=20
not to game the system," he said.=20
California will need all the power that it can get from the QFs this summer=20
when rolling blackouts threaten to become a daily occurrence.=20
Combined, the QFs account for about one-fourth of California's total power=20
capacity, according to the PUC.=20
The QF output will become even more essential this summer because California=20
won't be able to import as much electricity from the Pacific Northwest as it=20
has in the past. A lack of rain has left the Pacific Northwest's=20
hydroelectric supply at its second-lowest level ever, and it could diminish=20
to a record low if the recent drought continues.=20
"We are not going to be able to look to the Pacific Northwest to meet our=20
needs," Wood said after reviewing a new report on the hydroelectricity=20
supply.=20
The looming blackouts and electricity price increases caused by California's=20
energy crisis is exasperating businesses and households across the state.=20
Fearing the frustration could boil over into terrorism, the PUC Thursday=20
installed metal detectors to screen everyone attending the agency's public=20
meetings.=20
In other moves Thursday, the PUC tabled a scheduled vote on whether the=20
regulators should become more involved in PG&E's bankruptcy case. The San=20
Francisco-based utility is challenging the PUC's authority in the case. The=20
PUC now expects to take up the matter at a May 3 meeting.=20
Attorney general taking two energy companies to court=20
ASSOCIATED PRESS=20
April 19, 2001=20
SACRAMENTO =01) Attorney General Bill Lockyer wants a judge to order two power=20
generators to hand over documents he subpoenaed last month as part of his=20
investigation into the state's electricity market.=20
Reliant Energy and Mirant Corp. failed to produce certain documents by March=20
19, despite assurances that the sensitive documents would be kept=20
confidential, Lockyer said Thursday.=20
Lockyer filed the request for a hearing in San Francisco Superior Court.=20
Lockyer says the companies are concerned the documents wouldn't be kept=20
confidential, even though he says they've been assured the sensitive=20
documents would not be released.=20
The attorney general is investigating allegations of price manipulation in=20
the state's electricity market that may have led to soaring power costs.=20
Mirant spokesman Bill O'Neel said the company is cooperating with the=20
attorney general's office.=20
"At this moment, we have our legal team working to pull together the=20
documentation the attorney general has requested," O'Neel said.=20
Mirant Thursday joined a complaint filed by Reliant last week in Los Angeles=20
Superior Court. That petition seeks assurance that the attorney general will=20
keep proprietary information confidential to prevent any competitive damage,=20
said Reliant spokesman Richard Wheatley.=20
"We're committed to cooperating with the investigation that Attorney General=20
Lockyer is conducting," Wheatley said. "It's the understanding of our=20
management that we do not have the proper assurance that the information will=20
be kept confidential."=20
Legislators Unite Over Energy Price Issue=20
Power: Bipartisan congressional delegation called together by Davis says U.S.=20
must step in to protect state from manipulation by suppliers.=20
By MITCHELL LANDSBERG and MIGUEL BUSTILLO, Times Staff Writers=20
?????This may be the surest sign yet of the depth of California's energy=20
crisis: A bipartisan cross-section of the state's congressional delegation,=20
brought together Thursday by Gov. Gray Davis, not only agreed about the=20
severity of the problem but also about the need for swift federal=20
intervention.=20
?????"This meeting did not have the word 'Democrat' or 'Republican' used=20
once," Rep. Darrell E. Issa (R-Vista), said of the unusual spirit of=20
cooperation at the meeting near Los Angeles International airport.
?????Members of both parties said the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission=20
must slash wholesale electricity prices so California utilities can once=20
again afford to buy power. Since January, the state government has been=20
buying electricity on their behalf, as skyrocketing wholesale prices put=20
Pacific Gas & Electric Co. and Southern California Edison billions of dollars=20
into debt and many power suppliers refused to sell to them; PG&E has since=20
filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection.
?????Although the Bush administration has said repeatedly that it is strongly=20
opposed to price caps, and FERC has refused to grant them, California=20
Republicans at the energy meeting said they are optimistic that the=20
administration will agree to some other form of price regulation. They=20
brushed aside the notion that such regulations might conflict with their=20
ideological belief in a free market.
?????"This is not a free-enterprise situation," Rep. Duncan Hunter (R-Alpine)=20
said after the meeting. "In fact, it's just the opposite."
?????Specifically citing the huge disparity between natural gas prices=20
charged to California and those charged in other Western states, he said=20
California clearly has been the victim of unreasonably high energy costs.=20
Under federal law, the FERC must regulate the prices of companies if it finds=20
they are exerting "market power" to drive prices to unreasonable levels.
?????Executives from two Texas energy companies, meeting with legislators in=20
Sacramento, denied Thursday that they had caused natural gas prices in=20
California to artificially skyrocket by hoarding access to a critical=20
pipeline into the state.
?????After the extraordinary meeting in Los Los Angeles, Rep. Brad Sherman=20
(D-Sherman Oaks) said the biggest disagreement between California Democrats=20
and Republicans appeared to be their relative faith--or lack thereof--in the=20
ability of President Bush and his administration to help California. There=20
has been much speculation that Bush, who lost California in November, has no=20
political motive to help the state.
?????"We Democrats," said Sherman, "hope very much that our skepticism is=20
proven wrong."
?????Davis--who sat flanked by Democratic U.S. Sen. Dianne Feinstein and the=20
governor's newly appointed chief energy advisor, S. David Freeman--said he=20
used the meeting mainly to discuss the importance of conservation by=20
Californians this summer and to ask the congressional delegation to pitch in.=20
Five Republicans and more than a dozen Democrats attended the gathering.
?????Feinstein said Thursday that she has asked for a third time to meet with=20
Bush to discuss the energy situation. Meeting with Times reporters and=20
editors Wednesday, she described a recent meeting with Vice President Dick=20
Cheney in which, she said, he "ignored" her appeal for federal assistance.=20
?????Feinstein has been among those critical of natural gas companies, saying=20
they appear to have constricted access to a California-bound pipeline to run=20
up prices.
?????The Brattle Group, a respected consulting firm, alleged Wednesday before=20
an Assembly committee that Dynegy Inc. and El Paso Natural Gas Co. had=20
manipulated the market by charging so much for the rights to their pipeline=20
capacity that they had, in effect, withheld access to it.
?????That action, the experts said, directly forced companies trying to=20
deliver gas to California to look for alternatives, clogging other pipelines=20
and causing a surge in prices.
?????The explanation, El Paso executives said, was simple: Demand for gas=20
soared in California because generators that use gas to make electricity=20
increased production last year in response to the energy crisis.
?????"We're not withholding capacity--no one is," said El Paso Merchant=20
Energy President Ralph Eads. "With these prices, you want to sell every=20
molecule."
?????In other developments Thursday:
?????* The agreement between Davis and Edison International to return its=20
ailing utility arm to financial health is in "deep trouble and could be=20
rejected by legislators," the Standard & Poor's credit rating agency said in=20
a note to clients, citing legislative and other sources. A rejection of the=20
deal "would be a humiliating setback for the governor," S&P said.
?????The agreement calls for, among other things, the sale of Edison's=20
transmission grid to the state for $2.76 billion and the sale of $2 billion=20
in bonds--both designed to pay off the utility's huge electricity debt.=20
Edison agreed to several constraints, including the sale of electricity to=20
the state at prices tied to the cost of producing power.
?????Since they returned Monday from a two-week recess, state legislators=20
have been sharply critical of the Edison agreement and have indicated a=20
desire to tinker with aspects of the deal. Some lawmakers have said publicly=20
that a bankruptcy protection filing by Edison, like that of PG&E, might not=20
be such a dire outcome.
?????But a senior Edison executive said it is "way too early" to give up on=20
passage of the proposal, which legislators have not yet seen in official form.
?????"There is an education process to do here," the executive said of the=20
highly detailed 38-page document. "The legislators should be asking=20
questions. That is appropriate."
?????* The Public Utilities Commission voted to investigate whether=20
alternative energy providers violated contractual agreements by withholding=20
supplies from PG&E and Edison, which owe them hundreds of millions of dollars.
?????The action, Commissioner Carl W. Wood said, was prompted in part by=20
lawsuits some providers have filed seeking release from their contracts with=20
the cash-starved utilities. The producers of solar, wind and geothermal=20
energy account for more than 25% of California's electricity supply.
?????"The question is whether we will be able to rely on them in the long,=20
hot days of summer," Wood said.
?????Jack Raudy of the Renewable Energy Creditors Committee said the PUC=20
needs to address the $700 million the producers are owed. "All we have gotten=20
is rhetoric from the governor, the PUC and the utilities," he said.
?????* An $850-million plan to entice Californians to conserve precious=20
megawatts appears to be running into roadblocks, compounding predictions by=20
state officials of tighter than expected energy supplies in May and June.
?????Davis signed the conservation spending package last week, earmarking=20
$242 million of the new funds for the Public Utilities Commission to=20
distribute to the state's investor-owned utilities to support existing=20
conservation programs.
?????But Barbara Hale, director of the PUC's Division of Strategic Planning,=20
said Thursday that since Pacific Gas & Electric Co. filed for bankruptcy=20
protection April 6, the utility has stopped releasing conservation funds.
?????Hale, testifying before a state Senate committee, said PG&E's=20
decision--coupled with the threat that Southern California Edison could=20
follow a similar route to U.S. Bankruptcy Court--has complicated her agency's=20
efforts.
?????PG&E spokeswoman Staci Homrig said her company plans to petition the=20
Bankruptcy Court to have the conservation funds designated as a trust and=20
separated from assets tied up in the bankruptcy proceedings. She said if the=20
court denies the request, PG&E would ask to be permitted to pay the expenses=20
anyway. The process, she added, could take about a month--too long in the=20
view of some legislators, given increasingly gloomy energy forecasts for late=20
spring and early summer.
?????Deputy Director Bob Therkelsen of the California Energy Commission said=20
his agency had been counting on a number of small power producers to bolster=20
their output during that period. But he said some producers did not purchase=20
the necessary equipment because PG&E and Edison have failed to pay them in=20
full for earlier electricity deliveries.
?????"It's not a huge amount," he said of the anticipated production=20
shortfall, "but every little bit helps."
---=20
?????Landsberg reported from Los Angeles, Bustillo from Sacramento. Times=20
staff writers Nancy Rivera Brooks in Los Angeles, Carl Ingram and Julie=20
Tamaki in Sacramento and Tim Reiterman in San Francisco contributed to this=20
story.
Small fry among big fish in PG&E bankruptcy=20
Some unlikely businesses are listed as creditors against utility=20
Steve Rubenstein, Chuck Squatriglia, Chronicle Staff Writers
Friday, April 20, 2001=20
,2001 San Francisco Chronicle=20
URL:=20
N185589.DTL=20
A San Francisco ice cream parlor, a karate studio and a costume shop are all=20
in the same boat, and that goes for a Divisadero Street psychiatrist, too.=20
They're all in the fortunate position of having money coming to them.=20
And they're all in the tough spot of having that money owed by the sort-of=20
bankrupt Pacific Gas and Electric Co.=20
Many of the 47,894 creditors that PG&E owes money to, according to a list=20
filed with the bankruptcy judge, are banks, power companies, lawyers and the=20
like.=20
But a surprising number are businesses that, at first blush, might seem=20
unlikely to be power company creditors. Many businesses -- like the ACT=20
costume rental shop -- didn't know or had forgotten that PG&E had run up a=20
tab.=20
And since the list didn't say how much they're owed, businesses had to guess.=20
"How about that?" said costume shop manager Callie Floor, when told she had=20
PG&E money coming to her.=20
Floor, checking her books, said it looks like PG&E forgot to pay its $100=20
bill to cover a costume rental for a corporate dress-up party in 1992.=20
"We rent a lot of costumes for corporate events," she said. "That's probably=20
what it was."=20
Psychiatrist Richard Lieberman says he does not know why or how much PG&E=20
owes him.=20
"But I'll take it," he said. "PG&E has taken advantage of the consumer for so=20
long. As far as I'm concerned, PG&E can go under and stay under."=20
Of course, PG&E may wind up paying pennies on the dollar, if anything,=20
because that's how bankruptcies work. The notion is depressing, which=20
psychiatrists are used to.=20
KARATE STUDIO GETS HIT
Karate master Scott Morton, whose Karate One studio on Van Ness Avenue is=20
also a creditor, said karate is all about fairness and integrity, which PG&E=20
seems to be even shorter on than cash.=20
"I think the bankruptcy stinks," Morton said. "All the money is going around=20
and around, it's all the same company."=20
The karate studio conducted a self-defense class for about a dozen workers at=20
PG&E headquarters. Morton, a black belt who does not take treachery lightly,=20
said he was "pretty sure" the check cleared, but maybe not.=20
NO BIG DEAL FOR SOME
At Beauchamp's Welding and Repair in Petaluma, owner Dean Beauchamp wasn't=20
concerned.=20
"They don't owe us enough to worry about," he said. "Less than $100, I'd=20
guess."=20
Beauchamp's shop does small jobs for the big utility. "They've been really=20
good about sending us a check. Once in a great while, something will get=20
misplaced, and I guess that's how our name got on the list."=20
Yolanda Fletcher, the owner of Red Shoes Slide Service, says the utility=20
probably owes her about $100 for preparing some photographs for a corporate=20
slide show.=20
Larry Mitchell, proprietor of the award-winning Mitchell's Ice Cream shop on=20
San Jose Avenue, believes that PG&E may owe him $500 for a corporate ice=20
cream social.=20
"That would cover the ice cream, the toppings, the dishes and the spoons," he=20
said.=20
The utility's rocky road may be metaphorical, but an ice cream store's rocky=20
road is the real thing, he said, and being owed $500 by a bankrupt company is=20
not peaches and cream.=20
UNEXPECTED NAMES
The list of creditors also includes such strange bedfellows as the San=20
Francisco Fire Department, the Yosemite Fund, The Chronicle and PG&E's own=20
library petty cash fund. Perhaps the strangest bedfellow of all is the=20
perpetual PG&E foe known as TURN, or The Utility Reform Network, which stands=20
to lose thousands of dollars in state-mandated legal fees from PG&E for its=20
work as an "intervener," or utility watchdog.=20
Among the utility's more sensible business partners is the Beale Street=20
sandwich shop a few steps from the main entrance to PG&E's headquarters=20
building in San Francisco.=20
Unlike the big banks and power companies that are on the hook for millions,=20
proprietor Kenneth Chen does business with PG&E on a strictly pay-as-you-go=20
business.=20
Chen, the owner of Cafe Leah at 25 Beale St., is often hired to send up a $40=20
tray of sandwiches to PG&E corporate officers. When he does so, he insists on=20
cash up front because PG&E, who is the restaurant's landlord, insists on cash=20
every month from Chen.=20
"That's the way we've always done it, payment right away," he said. "That way=20
there's no hassle later on."=20
E-mail Steve Rubenstein at srubenstein@sfchronicle.com and Chuck Squatriglia=20
at csquatriglia@sfchronicle.com.=20
,2001 San Francisco Chronicle ? Page?A - 1=20
Friday, April 20, 2001=20
,2001 Associated Press=20
URL:=20
926EDT0156.DTL&type=3Dnews=20
(04-20) 06:26 PDT BULLHEAD CITY, Ariz. (AP) -- With many opposed to allowing=20
Southern California Edison to increase power production at the Mohave=20
Generating Station, the City Council wants Nevada regulators to meet here.=20
The plant Edison operates is located across the Colorado River in Laughlin,=20
Nev. Edison is seeking a variance that would allow it to exceed the current=20
cap of 70 percent of the plant's capacity and to do so for more than 20=20
hours.=20
``We just want to do this in dire circumstances to avoid the rolling=20
blackouts (California has experienced recently),'' Edison spokesman Steve=20
Hansen said.=20
Any is too much for former City Councilman Victor Urso.=20
``That plant is one of the worst air pollution violators in the United States=20
already, and now they want variances to do even more damage,'' Urso said.=20
Mohave County Supervisor Tom Sockwell, who presents the Bullhead City area,=20
doesn't see it that way.=20
``They'll only run it up to full power for very short periods, and we need=20
that for the power shortages,'' Sockwell said this week. ``We've already got=20
pollution anyway, so what's another hour of a darker plume every now and=20
then?''=20
Rick Moore of the Flagstaff-based Grand Canyon Trust, which monitors the=20
plant's operation, said the plant exceeded its permissible emissions level=20
1,200 times during the last calendar year. The trust sued, and the company=20
was fined $180,000.=20
The City Council wants the Nevada Environmental Commission to meet in=20
Laughlin next month rather than in Carson City so members can hear local=20
opponents of Edison's request.=20
Hansen said the commission approved a variance last year but that the plant=20
exceeded the emissions limit for only six minutes.=20
At peak capacity, the plant can produce 1,580 megawatts of electricity but is=20
required to stay below that level because of air quality concerns=20
Edison owns 56 percent of the plant. The rest is owned by the Los Angeles=20
Department of Water and Power (20 percent), Nevada Power (14 percent) and the=20
Salt River Project in Phoenix (10 percent).=20
Nevada Power has been trying to sell its share in the generating station to=20
AES Corp. of Arlington, Va., has been trying to purchase both Edison's and=20
Nevada Power's shares but has run into snags. The Nevada Public Utilities=20
Commission approve the Nevada Power sale in October but suspended that=20
approval on Marcy 29 for at least 60 days. In January, the California Public=20
Utilities Commission suspended sale of the Edison share and placed a=20
five-year moratorium on such sales about the same time.=20
,2001 Associated Press ?=20
Friday, April 20, 2001=20
,2001 Associated Press=20
URL:=20
503EDT0125.DTL&type=3Dnews=20
(04-20) 02:03 PDT SAN FRANCISCO (AP) -- Several small fry are among the big=20
fish in a pond full of creditors to which ailing Pacific Gas and Electric=20
owes money.=20
A San Francisco ice cream parlor, a costume store, a psychiatrist's office=20
and a karate studio are among a number of small businesses that should be=20
receiving payments from the near bankrupt utility.=20
After checking her books, ACT Costume Shop manager Callie Floor was surprised=20
to find that the utility owes her $100 for a costume rental for a corporate=20
dress-up party in 1992.=20
Karate One Studio on Van Ness Avenue may be owed for a self-defense class it=20
conducted for about a dozen workers at PG&E headquarters.=20
Of course, PG&E may only have to pay pennies on the dollar to the small fry,=20
since that's how bankruptcies work.=20
,2001 Associated Press ?=20
Who will pay the most for power?=20
Posted at 9:46 p.m. PDT Thursday, April 19, 2001=20
JOHN=20
WOOLFOLK=20
AND MICHAEL=20
BAZELEY=20
Mercury News=20
State regulators last month announced an electric rate increase that would=20
average a whopping three cents per kilowatt-hour, hit bills beginning in May=20
and punish power pigs while sparing energy misers.=20
Now, much of that is up in the air.=20
Higher rates are surely coming -- but not before June. And exactly which=20
consumers and businesses will pay how much is uncertain as regulators rush to=20
forge a rate structure from a tangle of more than 20 proposals.=20
Their task has been complicated immeasurably by Gov. Gray Davis' decision to=20
weigh in with a competing rate plan and Pacific Gas & Electric Co.'s move=20
into bankruptcy court.=20
``Little details are moving billions of dollars around,'' said Nettie Hoge of=20
the Utility Reform Network, a consumer advocacy group.=20
All the proposals assume a ``tiered'' structure that forces the heaviest=20
users of energy to pay the most. But key details yet to be decided mean=20
consumers could see their average rates go up anywhere from 7 percent to 30=20
percent or more.=20
Among them:=20
?How much of an overall increase? The Public Utilities Commission approved a=20
three-cent per kilowatt-hour increase last month, which would boost utility=20
revenue by $4.8 million. Davis' proposed increase -- left vague in his April=20
5 television address -- averages 2.8 cents for PG&E customers but only 2.3=20
cents for customers of Southern California Edison.=20
?What regions of the state will pay? The commission agreed to raise rates=20
only for PG&E and Southern California Edison, but Davis would include the=20
additional 1.2 million San Diego Gas & Electric customers.=20
?Should heavier users of electricity subsidize those who are exempt from the=20
new rate increase? If so, those users will find themselves paying much more=20
than any of the average increase figures being tossed about.=20
?How will utilities bill customers retroactively for the increase? At the=20
time of the PUC vote on March 27, commissioners said their increase would=20
take effect immediately.=20
PUC vote May 14=20
Various plans are being presented this week to an administrative law judge=20
working for the commission. The judge is expected to recommend a rate=20
structure to the PUC on May 4. Public hearings would follow May 7-11, and the=20
commission would vote on a plan May 14, condensing to a few weeks a process=20
that normally lasts nearly a year.=20
Each of the major proposals before the commission assumes that residential=20
customers using less than 130 percent of their baseline -- which is the=20
average basic level of use for each region of the state -- would be exempt=20
from higher rates. That's mandated under a new law that allows the state to=20
buy power. Customers already pay higher rates for exceeding their baseline.=20
Each major proposal also sets new ``tiers'' with progressively higher rates=20
for ``medium'' use at 130 to 200 percent of baseline and ``heavy'' use over=20
200 percent of that level.=20
But that's where the similarities end.=20
Differences=20
The first distinction among the leading plans comes in the form of an=20
assumption: How many residential customers will avoid any increase because=20
they don't exceed 130 percent of their baseline? Davis says more than half,=20
commissioners say a little under half and PG&E says less than a third.=20
The second difference among the plans is a real difference: What happens to=20
everyone else?=20
Under the plan by utilities commission President Loretta Lynch, medium PG&E=20
users would see average bills rise 9 percent and heavy users would see bills=20
increase 36 percent.=20
Davis' plan says medium PG&E users would see average bills rise 11 percent=20
while heavy users would pay 37 percent more. But the average total bill=20
increase for PG&E residential customers, including those who are exempt,=20
would be 20 percent under his plan and 24 percent under Lynch's, according to=20
a statement on the governor's Web site.=20
Business customers would see proportionately greater increases, averaging 30=20
percent under Lynch's proposal and 26 percent under Davis'.=20
The most consumer-friendly of the various proposals comes from=20
consumer-rights group TURN. They suggest an overall average residential=20
increase of 7.5 percent.=20
TURN's plan assumes utilities cannot charge other customers more to make up=20
for the energy misers shielded from rate increases under state law.=20
PG&E disagrees with that interpretation. The utility wants other residential=20
users to make up for any lost revenue from exempted customers through higher=20
rates. Under the utility's plan, residential customers would see an average=20
rate increase of nearly 30 percent.=20
``The proposal these folks are pushing rips the heart out of that law,'' said=20
Matthew Freedman, staff attorney for TURN.=20
Another issue affecting consumers is how the utilities can bill for=20
electricity used in April and May, before the final plan is approved.=20
Utilities want surcharge=20
Utility officials have objected to making the rate structure retroactive.=20
Instead, to recoup the revenue, they are proposing a flat surcharge that=20
everyone would pay, regardless of how much they use.=20
Edison proposes a higher surcharge added to bills for a shorter period of=20
time -- in this case, June through August. PG&E officials are suggesting a=20
smaller surcharge that would be spread out over 12 months.=20
``It'll probably be something closer to the PG&E proposal,'' said Paul=20
Clanon, the commission's director of energy issues.=20
All the rate increase proposals stem from a commonly understood problem:=20
California's current, frozen rates don't generate enough money to cover the=20
wholesale price of power. The PUC raised rates 10 percent -- or one cent per=20
kilowatt-hour -- in January in an attempt to help, but that turned out to be=20
far from enough.=20
In March, the commission approved an additional three-cent increase. But=20
Davis followed quickly with an alternative proposal. The next day, PG&E filed=20
for bankruptcy, raising the specter that a federal judge could order even=20
higher rates.=20
Although the PUC has sole authority to raise rates under state law, Davis'=20
proposal has complicated an already complex process. The governor appointed=20
three of the five members of the commission, and his appointees seem inclined=20
to show him deference. But Davis has been slow in filing the details of his=20
plan, which has made it hard for the PUC to proceed.
Credit-raters put state on watch=20
Posted at 9:41 p.m. PDT Thursday, April 19, 2001=20
BY JENNIFER BJORHUS=20
Mercury News=20
All three of the nation's influential judges of credit risk now have=20
California on a credit watch, saying they are deeply concerned about the=20
economic impact of the state's power crisis.=20
The Fitch credit rating agency made it unanimous Wednesday when it warned=20
that the thickening electricity quagmire, as well as lower than expected tax=20
revenues in February and March, could mean broader risk for the state's=20
budget.=20
The announcement is a signal that Fitch, too, may downgrade its ratings on=20
California's nearly $30 billion in public debt, a move which could cost=20
taxpayers millions.=20
The announcement comes as state lawmakers consider a bailout plan for=20
Southern California Edison, Pacific Gas & Electric Co. sits in bankruptcy and=20
state officials bleed through the state's general fund as they buy expensive=20
electricity for consumers.=20
Earlier this week, Gov. Gray Davis announced that the average bill for=20
electricity purchases has risen from $45.8 million a day in the last week of=20
March to $73 million a day.=20
Moody's Investors Service and Standard & Poor's have already issued their own=20
credit warnings, although none of the three agencies has downgraded the=20
state's very good double-A credit rating.=20
Bond ratings are important yardsticks that bankers and investors use to price=20
municipal and corporate bonds. A downgrade would force California to offer=20
bond buyers higher interest rates going forward, costing taxpayers.=20
The state was last at a lower A rating back in 1994.=20
Moody's changed California's Aa2 general obligation bond rating outlook from=20
stable to negative on April 6, the day PG&E filed for bankruptcy. Standard &=20
Poor's has had the state's AA rating outlook at negative since January, when=20
the state began buying electricity for the utilities.=20
The deciding factor for Fitch, said Fitch vice chairman Claire Cohen, was the=20
disagreement over how the money from the new electricity rate increase will=20
be spent.=20
The California Public Utilities Commission ruled in late March that money=20
generated by higher electricity bills should go first to pay the state=20
Department of Water Resources, which has been buying electricity for the=20
utilities. PG&E has argued that if the state is paid first, there won't be=20
any money left for the company.=20
The utility is formally challenging the PUC decision, and the move threatens=20
to hold up the estimated $12 billion to $14 billion of bonds the Department=20
of Water Resources plans to issue to buy more electricity.=20
``With that being appealed, you don't have a clean authorization,'' Cohen=20
said. ``It signals to me that it could delay the financing process.''=20
A second concern is that the state isn't collecting as much in taxes as=20
expected, Cohen said. Tax collections for both February and March were below=20
forecast. The amount of personal income tax the state collected in those=20
months fell short by $455 million, or 14 percent less than expected.=20
Cohen said she made her decision before hearing that the state's power costs=20
now exceed $70 million a day. Cohen and David Hitchcock, the California=20
analyst for Standard & Poor's, agreed those rising costs are a definite=20
concern.=20
``It doesn't take much of a change in economic growth to make some of these=20
projected fund balances disappear and so we're very worried about what the=20
current economic activity is, particularly in Northern California with some=20
of the problems with the high-tech area,'' Hitchcock told analysts and=20
investors last week in a conference call.=20
Other economy-watchers expressed concern.=20
Sandy Harrison, assistant director of the state Department of Finance, said=20
the move reinforced the importance of solving the power problems soon.=20
Contact Jennifer Bjorhus at jbjorhus@sjmercury.com or (408) 920-5660.=20
Power company executives going without bonuses=20
LOS ANGELES (AP) -- Senior executives at Southern California Edison and its=20
parent company went without hundreds of thousands of dollars in bonuses in=20
2000 because of California's power crisis.=20
Edison International's chairman and chief executive, John Bryson, was paid=20
$950,000 in 2000, compared with salary and bonus totaling $2.16 million in=20
1999.=20
Stephen Frank, the chairman and chief executive at Southern California=20
Edison, was paid $617,000 in 2000, compared with salary and bonus totaling=20
$1.3 million in 1999, according to the company's proxy statement filed with=20
the Securities and Exchange Commission.=20
The company also said Thursday it would not award merit increases to=20
executives in 2001 because of the continuing crisis.=20
In a similar statement released Tuesday, Pacific Gas and Electric Corp.=20
revealed it also withheld bonuses for its top two executives, although they=20
did receive raises.=20
Edison and PG&E say they have lost nearly $14 billion since June to high=20
wholesale prices that the state's electricity deregulation law bars them from=20
passing on to consumers. PG&E, saying it hasn't received the help it needs=20
from regulators or state lawmakers, filed for federal bankruptcy protection=20
April 6.=20
Edison is continuing to work with state officials and its creditors.
Davis and U.S. lawmakers call for price caps on power=20
LOS ANGELES -- Half of California's congressional delegation gathered with=20
Gov. Gray Davis on Thursday to pressure the federal government to impose=20
energy price caps.=20
Limiting wholesale prices, they argued, is essential if the state is to avert=20
the energy crisis threatening California's economy.=20
``A big piece of this solution is federal. It's a four-letter word:=20
F-E-R-C,'' said U.S. Rep. Jane Harman, D-Redondo Beach, referring to the=20
Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, the agency that would have to approve=20
price caps.=20
The governor has blamed FERC for allowing energy producers to charge=20
California stratospheric prices for electricity and natural gas.=20
The delegation met behind closed doors at an Los Angeles airport hotel, but=20
Davis and several legislators met with reporters afterward.=20
``The signal that has to come from FERC,'' Davis said, ``is, `You're charging=20
too much for electricity. The electricity is not worth driving California=20
into an economic grave.'?''=20
Curt H,bert Jr., the FERC chairman, has argued that caps would encourage=20
generators to sell their power elsewhere and discourage them from building=20
new plants in California.=20
The bipartisan group of lawmakers agreed with the governor that the state is=20
getting gouged on the open market.=20
``There is an anti-free market enterprise mechanism in play here,'' said U.S.=20
Rep. Duncan Hunter, R-El Cajon, noting that natural gas in parts of New=20
Mexico costs one-third what it does in California.=20
The generators maintain that they are charging fair prices that are the=20
simple result of supply and demand.=20
Rep. Mike Honda, D-San Jose, and Rep. Zoe Lofgren, D-San Jose, attended, but=20
left before speaking with reporters.
Generators cutting electric output; regulators want to find out why=20
Published Friday, April 20, 2001, in the San Jose Mercury News=20
BY MICHAEL BAZELEY=20
Mercury News=20
State regulators launched an investigation Thursday into why some alternative=20
energy providers are withholding electricity from the state's stressed power=20
grid.=20
The California Public Utilities Commission in San Francisco said it wants to=20
determine whether the small power generators -- which provide about=20
one-fourth of the state's electrical power -- have legitimate business=20
reasons for scaling back their output.=20
Known as ``qualifying facilities,'' or QFs, many of the generators have been=20
either scaling back output or shutting down entirely -- contending that the=20
state's two largest utilities owe them $700 million.=20
``The critical question is: Will we be able to rely on these facilities into=20
the high-demand summer months?'' PUC Commissioner Carl Wood said.=20
The financially strapped utilities, Pacific Gas & Electric Co. and Southern=20
California Edison, stopped paying the power generators several months ago.=20
The PUC ordered the utilities to resume payments, and some generators started=20
receiving payments this week.=20
But many generators are still hurting because of all the back payments they=20
are owed, said Jack Raudy, a spokesman for the Renewable Energy Creditors=20
Committee, which consists of 10 alternative power producers.=20
``We're outraged,'' Raudy said.=20
Contact Michael Bazeley at mbazeley@sjmercury.com or (408) 920-5628.=20
FERC remains an unlikely rescuer=20
The federal agency hews to a hands-off policy on power rates.=20
April 20, 2001=20
By DENA BUNIS
The Orange County Register
Washington - Californians who see federal re-regulation of the state's=20
crisis-bound energy market as an answer to the impending summer emergency=20
better look for some other solution.=20
Even the possible short- term price fix that the Federal Energy Regulatory=20
Commission may consider at its Wednesday meeting might be too little, too=20
late.=20
Lobbyists, lawmakers and other FERC-watchers say they have seen a slight=20
shift in recent weeks among commission staff and at least one member. There=20
is some willingness, they say, to consider some price controls, even though=20
the Bush administration is adamantly opposed to such measures.=20
And many are looking to see if President George W. Bush's choices for the two=20
vacancies on FERC will provide a margin for change.=20
But the commission's basic philosophy that open, unregulated markets are best=20
is not likely to change soon, members say.=20
"I've been championing a revamping of FERC's antiquated standards for=20
determining market-based rates,'' Commissioner Richard Massey said Thursday.=20
But with no success. " My agency is not on the verge of turning on a dime on=20
this market-based pricing."=20
The standards are a joke, Massey added, because the commission never turns=20
down requests for such pricing authority. More than 600 power sellers have=20
been given that authority, he said.=20
For a power company to be allowed to charge whatever the market will bear, it=20
must show FERC, for example, that it doesn't have the power to manipulate the=20
market and drive prices up.=20
"Any seller that can't pass our screen needs to fire their consultants and=20
lawyers,'' Massey said.=20
While the overall philosophy remains consistent, FERC staff has proposed to=20
the commission that a Stage 3 electricity emergency in California should=20
trigger cost-based rates, a form of price controls. Such triggers would be in=20
place for one year, under the staff proposal.=20
The commission may decide Wednesday whether to accept that proposal. It has=20
to make some decision by May 1 on how the market will be monitored from now=20
on.=20
The theory behind controlling prices in Stage 3, says a FERC staff report, is=20
that during such an emergency generators have the greatest opportunity to=20
manipulate the market and drive prices up.=20
But generators have that power during Stage 2 and Stage 1 emergencies, says=20
Les Starck, Southern California Edison Co.'s manager of federal regulatory=20
affairs. Price caps during Stage 3 might avert the rolling blackouts=20
associated with that level of crisis, but they wouldn't do anything to stop=20
generators from jacking up prices the rest of the time, he said.=20
And it is not clear how long it would take for such price controls to take=20
effect, should the commission go along with the staff recommendation.=20
"We're close because summer is approaching,'' Commissioner Linda Breathitt=20
said Thursday. Breathitt, who had firmly opposed any form of price controls,=20
said in an interview last month that given the worsening crisis in California=20
she was open to considering some short-term measures.=20
"It's important to me that we address the summer,'' Breathitt said, but she=20
said she could not predict what the commission would do Wednesday.=20
Even if an order is approved, Massey said, there could be delays while the=20
power sellers file their costs with regulators and disputes over those=20
filings are handled.=20
Sen. Dianne Feinstein said Thursday such a move by the commission would be=20
"better than having no controls at all. There's no question that we're going=20
to be in a Stage 3 emergency.''=20
Feinstein, D-Calif., and other Western lawmakers have been urging FERC to=20
step in sooner and with price controls that extend beyond just the emergency=20
period.=20
Waiting for Stage 3 to intervene "is putting the whole grid at risk,'' said=20
Roger Hamilton, a member of Oregon's Public Utility Commission. "We have a=20
real stability problem when you cut it that close.''=20
Feinstein says the future could well rest with the new commissioners,=20
particularly Patrick Wood, the head of the Texas PUC who many believe will=20
replace Curt Heber as FERC chairman if he is confirmed by the Senate.=20
Even if Massey and Breathitt agree on broader price controls, as chairman,=20
Heber could block consideration of such a move. It's unclear what stance Wood=20
would take as chairman.=20
"The thing that deeply concerns me about Pat Wood is that he's from Texas,''=20
Feinstein said. "What's reassuring is that it appears from my personal=20
discussion with him is that he appears to be pragmatic.''=20
But once again, timing could be a problem.=20
Bush has said he intends to nominate Wood and Nora Brownell, a member of the=20
Pennsylvania PUC, but has not formally sent their nominations to the Senate.=20
"The Federal Energy Regulatory Commission is of vital importance right now,=20
and to let the time go on without filling the spots makes no sense,''=20
Feinstein said.=20
"Please, please, please, President Bush, process your nominees.''=20
Lawmakers seek bigger rollbacks, can't agree on caps=20
They promise to meet in Washington with a plan that would require federal=20
agencies to conserve power this summer.=20
April 20, 2001=20
By DENA BUNIS
The Orange County Register=20
Los Angeles - Gov. Gray Davis and a bipartisan sampling of the congressional=20
delegation put politics aside Thursday and agreed something must be done=20
about runaway wholesale power prices in California.=20
"We agreed that there has been unreasonable or unearned enrichment by the=20
energy providers of natural gas and electricity" said Rep. Darrell Issa,=20
R-Vista. "And we agreed that there needs to be significantly greater=20
rollbacks than there already have been."=20
The lawmakers did not, however, come to a consensus over the issue of price=20
caps - something Davis and other Democrats, particularly Sen. Dianne=20
Feinstein, D-Calif., have been pushing the Federal Energy Regulatory=20
Commission to institute.=20
Davis met behind closed doors for 90 minutes with Feinstein and 27 of the 52=20
House members at the Sheraton Gateway Hotel near LAX.=20
Participants from the Orange County delegation included Issa; Rep.=20
Christopher Cox, R-Newport Beach; Rep. Loretta Sanchez, D-Santa Ana; and Rep.=20
Gary Miller, R-Diamond Bar.=20
They emerged with a promise to meet again soon, this time in Washington, and=20
with a four-pronged strategy to avert disaster this summer.=20
The strategy includes requiring federal agencies in the state, including=20
military facilities, to conserve energy this summer, and asking FERC to find=20
a way to control the wholesale price of electricity and increase the flow of=20
natural gas into California.=20
Cox said much of the meeting was spent reviewing Davis' $850 million=20
conservation program.=20
Members promised to get the word out in their districts about conservation=20
measures.=20
Cox said he expects emergency legislation dealing with the energy crisis to=20
pass the Energy and Commerce Committee in the coming weeks.=20
That measure, he said, will include a direction to FERC to expand its=20
investigation of whether existing rates are just and reasonable.=20
Energy notebook=20
Assembly urges federal regulation of natural gas=20
April 20, 2001=20
From Register news services=20
Sacramento - The California Assembly asked the federal government Thursday to=20
regulate soaring natural gas prices once again.=20
A resolution passed 48-7 asked President George W. Bush, Congress and the=20
Federal Energy Regulatory Commission to restore the regulation of natural gas=20
that ended in 1992.=20
Natural gas rates at the California border have been as much as 11 times=20
higher than elsewhere in the nation since November, an industry consultant=20
told an Assembly subcommittee Wednesday.=20
"I think it's only rational in one of the biggest crises to befall this=20
country in the last 100 years. We're not seeing adequate action from the=20
federal government," said the author, Assemblyman Dennis Cardoza, D-Atwater.=20
Republicans refused to vote for the resolution, complaining that it was an=20
attack on the GOP Bush administration.=20
Top Edison officials forego bonus, take 45% pay cut=20
Rosemead - Edison International's top officers received no bonuses in 2000=20
and generally took pay cuts of about 45 percent as the Southern California=20
company's utility segment was forced to write off $4.2 billion spent buying=20
overpriced power in the state's deregulated electricity market, according to=20
SEC disclosures the company filed Thursday.=20
Edison International Chief Executive Officer John E. Bryson received $1.62=20
million in salary and other compensation, compared with $3.04 million last=20
year. Southern California Edison CEO Stephen E. Frank received $760,000 in=20
salary and other compensation, compared with $1.35 million last year. And=20
Edison Mission Energy CEO Alan J. Fohrer received $584,000 in salary and=20
other compensation, compared with $922,000 last year.=20
Edison's compensation committee did give Bryson an incentive to pull the=20
company out of its quagmire, awarding stock options with a present-day value=20
calculated at $7.26 million. But Bryson won't be able to profit from those=20
options -- which vest over the next five years -- any time soon. The lowest=20
price he can exercise the options at is $20 -- and Edison stock is trading at=20
$11.=20
PUC seeks to shed light on meager energy alternatives=20
Sacramento - Hoping to prevent California's bleak power outlook from becoming=20
even darker, state regulators Thursday launched an investigation into why=20
alternative energy providers aren't producing more electricity.=20
With the action, the California Public Utilities Commission hopes to=20
determine if legitimate business reasons or ulterior motives underlie the=20
reduced output by an independent group of small generators that provides much=20
of the state's energy.=20
These alternative generators - known in the industry as "qualifying=20
facilities," or QFs - have been scaling back or shutting down as debts owed=20
by California's two largest utilities pile up. The QFs are owed an estimated=20
$700 million by bankrupt Pacific Gas and Electric and financially crippled=20
Southern California Edison.=20
In other developments:=20
California's Public Utilities Commission delayed until May 3 a decision on=20
whether it will investigate how Pacific Gas & Electric's bankruptcy is going=20
to affect customers.=20
Unbowed by Gov. Gray Davis' endorsement of Calpine's proposed power plant,=20
San Jose officials said they may yet have the last word on the controversial=20
project. The city could sue the California Energy Commission or attempt to=20
block the project by refusing to extend water and sewer lines or annex=20
several acres of needed land, they said.=20
PG&E Corp. won final approval to build a $350 million power plant in San=20
Diego County capable of supplying electricity to 500,000 homes.=20
The Escondido City Council has decided to take a break from considering a=20
rush of proposals by developers trying to build plants before peak summer=20
demand.=20
The council voted 3-2 Wednesday to suspend consideration for 30 to 60 days of=20
any proposals to build energy plants in the city.=20
Register staff writers, The Associated Press and Knight Ridder Newspapers=20
contributed to this report.=20
Friday, April 20, 2001=20
Shed light on costs=20
Unfortunately, California citizens will remain in the dark for at least=20
another month about the details of Gov. Gray Davis' long-term contracts with=20
power producers.
This is the sort of crisis the public needs to scrutinize and for which the=20
Public Records Act was designed.
At a Tuesday hearing in a Los Angeles County Superior Court in Pasadena on=20
whether the documents should be released under the California Public Records=20
Act, Judge Michael J. Byrne said the case could better be heard in a Los=20
Angeles court.
The case was brought by Judicial Watch, a Washington-based public interest=20
law firm with its West Coast office in San Marino.=20
"The case was reset for May 22 in a Los Angeles County Superior Court in the=20
city of Los Angeles although we're going to try to move it up a bit,"=20
Judicial Watch and General Counsel Larry Klayman told us.=20
Mr. Klayman remains hopeful. "We're confident any judge who sees this will=20
have to release the documents," he said.
A similar but separate case, brought by several newspapers, will be heard May=20
18 in a San Diego Superior Court.=20
"This is a huge financial burden on the taxpayers without an opportunity for=20
the taxpayers to scrutinize the terms," Hal Fuson, chairman of the government=20
affairs committee of the California Newspaper Publishers Association, told=20
the San Diego Union-Tribune. "The general climate surrounding the governor's=20
approach to this has been one of secrecy."
The governor's position is that releasing the details now could make it=20
harder for the state to get the best prices for electricity.=20
But given that the governor has mismanaged this crisis so far, it's clear=20
that this is precisely the sort of crisis the public needs to scrutinize and=20
for which the Public Records Act was designed.
The governor should end this legal wrangling and release the documents to=20
which citizens are entitled.=20
End To Deregulation of Nevada Power
CARSON CITY, Nev. (AP) via NewsEdge Corporation Gov. Kenny Guinn signed a bill
Wednesday that would stop the sale of Nevada power plants, halt
deregulation and bail out struggling utilities with a new rate
system.
The Senate and Assembly gave the measure final approval earlier
in the day and rushed it to the governor. The bill was crafted to
keep Nevada from suffering from a power crisis similar to
California's.
``I must tell you this is a great relief,'' said Guinn, a former
utility executive, as he signed the bill into law. ``Nothing can
control escalating costs, but we're in the best position to protect
ourselves 
Legislators made a last-minute change to add language that
ensured consumers would get a break on rates if utilities profit
from sales of excess power to other states.
Guinn said the bill takes care of the most pressing energy
issues, but other deregulation-related bills are sure to follow.
That includes a plan that would allow major power users, such as
casinos and mines, to buy power on the open market.
Legislators also are working on plans encouraging energy
conservation and ensuring the poor can pay their utility bills.
PG&E Co. Issues Statements On the Increase in the State's Cost for Power
SAN FRANCISCO--(BUSINESS WIRE)--April 18, 2001 via NewsEdge Corporation 
FROM:   John Nelson, Director of the News Department Pacific Gas and
Electric Company
There seems to have been some confusion yesterday over the effect
Pacific Gas and Electric Company's bankruptcy filing may have had on
energy prices. I thought it might be helpful to provide a few useful
facts and figures, to help you pin down the truth behind what may be
driving the state's energy costs higher.
Yesterday, Governor Davis claimed that the state was paying
roughly $20 million more for electricity every day as a direct result
of the bankruptcy filing by PG&amp;E. While it's understandable, even
laudable, that the Governor would want to fully explain the downsides
of utility bankruptcy, this claim is simply not accurate. The Governor
should know better.
Consider the facts:
--  On January 19, the credit ratings of California's two largest
investor-owned utilities -- PG&amp;E and SCE -- were downgraded to
below investment grade by every major rating agency.
Generators immediately raised concerns about continuing to
sell power to such non-creditworthy entities.
--  The state reacted by passing AB7x, which authorized the state
Department of Water Resources to make $400 million in power
purchases. Less than two weeks later, on February 1, the
Governor signed AB1x, which authorized DWR to buy power on an
ongoing basis at least through 2002, until the utilities could
be restored to creditworthiness. The clear understanding in
the legislative debate was that the DWR would purchase the
full "net open position", which is the amount of additional
generation needed, beyond what the utilities themselves own or
have under contract, to meet customer demand.
However, a few weeks later, in spite of the clear intent of
state law, it was revealed that DWR was not buying the full
net open position, and had no intention of doing so. It was
only buying power that it considered "reasonably priced" and
was leaving the ISO to buy whatever was necessary to keep the
lights on -- an amount that most estimates place at 10- to
20-percent of the state's daily electricity need.
--  The ISO, in turn, revealed its intention to attempt to pass
along the costs of these last-minute, high-cost, spot-market
purchases to the state's non-creditworthy utilities (despite
existing FERC tariffs which precluded the ISO from doing so).
PG&amp;E has estimated that its share of these costs was roughly
$10 million a day; SCE has a similar estimate. (We don't know
for sure, because we haven't seen the bill. The DWR won't say
how much power it's buying, and at what cost, and neither will
the ISO.)
--  On February 14, the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission
informed the Independent System Operator that it could not
force generators to sell to non-creditworthy entities (namely,
both PG&amp;E and SCE). This order appeared to force the DWR to
purchase the full net open after all. The ISO responded the
next day with its own interpretation of the FERC order, saying
the order was limited to "emergency" power only. The ISO also
sought and obtained in federal court a temporary restraining
order (issued by Judge Damrell), forcing generators to
continue selling to it.
--  On February 22, five power generators filed a complaint with
FERC seeking to clarify that the ISO's interpretation of the
February 14 order was contrary to FERC's intent.
--  On April 5, the Ninth U.S. Court of Appeals reversed Judge
Damrell's lower court order affecting one of the generators,
Reliant, saying the generator was no longer required to sell
electricity to the ISO without assurances of payment.
Presumably this order would apply to other generators, if they
sought such assurances.
--  On April 6, PG&amp;E noted in the announcement of its Chapter 11
filing that one of the reasons for the decision was the
"financial exposure to unreimbursed wholesale energy
procurement costs" caused by the state's failure to assume the
full procurement responsibility.
--  On April 6, unrelated to PG&amp;E's bankruptcy filing, FERC issued
an order responding to the generators' Feb. 22 complaint
against the ISO. In this new order, FERC reaffirmed its
February 14 order that the ISO could only buy power on behalf
of creditworthy entities, meaning neither PG&amp;E nor SCE.
--  On April 9 in remarks reported in the press, the Governor's
office acknowledged the State's "bill for energy purchases
will increase by upward of $8 million a day after a ruling
last week by the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission," once
DWR started buying the full net open position, rather than
force the ISO to try to bill the utilities. It seems likely
that the $8 million was an estimate based on only one of the
utilities' costs, not the combination of both.
--  On April 11, the ISO discontinued its daily practice of
publishing the total amount it spent on energy the day before.
--  Despite the history, the state continues to try to avoid
buying the full net open position. On April 13, in response to
the FERC order -- NOT the PG&amp;E bankruptcy filing -- the ISO
sent a "murky" notice to generators promising that "any bid
accepted by the ISO will be deemed to have the financial
support of another Qualified Party or DWR as specified in this
notice." Generators were reportedly underwhelmed by the
assurances contained in the letter.
--  Yesterday, in response to the Governor's claim that bankruptcy
was driving up the state's costs, Gary Ackerman, spokesman for
the Western Power Trading Forum, said "I don't believe, nor
have I ever heard, of a bankruptcy surcharge being added to
the cost of power.... If anything, I think that generators and
marketers would take solace in the fact that bankruptcy brings
order to an otherwise volatile situation."
What does it all mean? Clearly, the increase in the state's costs
have come as a result of the DWR finally covering the state's energy
needs, as promised in AB1x. This change in DWR's buying habits has
come as a direct result of the February 14 and April 6 FERC orders
that the ISO only sell to creditworthy entities. These orders were
issued independent of PG&amp;E's bankruptcy filing and apply equally to
PG&amp;E and SCE.
Neither PG&amp;E nor SCE have been creditworthy since mid-January,
when their credit ratings were reduced to below investment grade, and
the DWR, ISO and Governor's office have been aware of the effect of
the FERC order since mid-February.
Some generators have suggested that California has been paying a
credit penalty since December, when the utilities' deteriorating
financial situation gave rise to payment concerns. There appears to be
far more evidence that the state's coy approach to AB1x implementation
has created far more uncertainty in the marketplace than has PG&amp;E's
Chapter 11 filing.
CONTACT: PG&amp;E Co. |              News Department, 415/973-5930
J.D. Power and Associates Reports/ Nationwide Decline in Customer=20
Satisfaction of Electric Utility Service Among Midsize Businesses
Price and Value Performance Hit Hard Across Nation;
Satisfaction in California Continues to Plummet
AGOURA HILLS, Calif., April 19 /PRNewswire/ -- Midsize business customers,
who are responsible for approximately fifteen percent of the nation's
electricity consumption, are very critical of electricity prices, according to
the J.D. Power and Associates 2001 Electric Utility Midsize Business Customer
Satisfaction Study(SM) released today.  Consequently, the study's nationwide
customer satisfaction index fell -- from 100 points in 2000 to 97 in 2001.
(Photo 
"The entire country was affected by higher natural gas prices this winter,
and with more states re-evaluating deregulation, midsize business customers
are especially sensitive to electricity prices," said Jeffrey Conklin, senior
director at J.D. Power and Associates.
The 2001 study shows that average overall customer satisfaction with
California's "big three" investor-owned utilities -- Pacific Gas and Electric,
San Diego Gas and Electric, and Southern California Edison -- fell an
astonishing 14 index points among midsize businesses compared to the
2000 study.
"In California, electric utility satisfaction among midsize business
customers has virtually fallen into the Pacific," said Alan Destribats,
executive director of the utility practice at J.D. Power and Associates.
The study finds that the chief determinants of satisfaction among electric
utility midsize customers are a provider's company image, price and value, and
power quality and reliability.
As expected, midsize business customers were extremely critical of
performance in the areas of company image and price and value.  Even outside
of California, satisfaction in the price and value component fell more than
any other factor -- from an index score of 100 in 2000 to 93 in 2001.
Power Quality and Reliability
Utility performance in power quality and reliability is improving, with
the national index increasing by 3 points.  Although the number of
interruptions and outages experienced was relatively the same in 2001 as it
was in 2000, midsize businesses report much shorter outage durations, falling
from an average of seven hours for the longest outages in 2000 to four hours
in 2001.
Retail Competition
"Opening utility markets to competition has proven to be a difficult
process and, so far, midsize business customers are giving the industry poor
marks," said Destribats.
The study shows that midsize business customers located in states with
competition not only are less satisfied than are customers in other states,
but they are also significantly less satisfied now than last year.  The study
also shows that more midsize businesses have switched electricity providers.
Of midsize businesses eligible to switch power suppliers, 9 percent have done
so, up from 5 percent in 2000.
J.D. Power and Associates interviewed representatives from more than
7,200 midsize businesses, including manufacturers, retailers, business and
consumer services firms, health care providers and other midsize businesses
throughout the United States.  Midsize business owners are defined as those
who normally spend $1,500 to $25,000 per month on electricity.  The study
shows that midsize businesses are now spending an average of $4,827 per month
on electricity.
The study shows that utilities in the south region of the United States
consistently receive higher ratings across all factors of customer
satisfaction.  Likewise, these midsize business customers also report the
lowest levels of monthly electricity expenditures, on average.  Midsize
businesses in North Carolina spend the least for electric usage ($3,885 per
month on average), while those in New Hampshire, Nevada and Utah spend the
most ($5,700 to $5,800 per month on average).  The study also shows that
midsize businesses in Alabama and Florida report the most service
interruptions and outages within the past 12 months, and those in Washington
report the fewest.
East Region
PPL Utilities, serving east Pennsylvania, ranks highest in overall
customer satisfaction with midsize businesses in the eastern United States.
PPL Utilities ranked highest in the East Region in four of the six factors
that comprise customer satisfaction, with its primary strength in price and
value.  Other solid performers in this region include Public Service Electric
and Gas, Allegheny Power and GPU Energy.
Midwest Region
LG&amp;E Energy, the parent company of Kentucky Utilities and Louisville Gas
and Electric, ranks highest in overall customer satisfaction with midsize
business electric service in the Midwest.  LG&amp;E Energy midsize business
customers give high ratings for power quality and reliability, customer
service, and billing and payment.  Alliant Energy, AEP-Midwest and Xcel
Energy-NSP also rank high in midsize business customer satisfaction in the
Midwest Region.
South Region
Southern Company ranks highest in overall customer satisfaction for
midsize business electric service in the South Region and received the highest
customer satisfaction index score among all utilities included in the study.
Southern Company dominates all other electric utility service providers,
achieving the highest ratings in the nation in five of the six components
(2 in a tie).  Other strong performers in the South Region include Duke Power,
Florida Power &amp; Light and Progress Energy (Carolina Power &amp; Light and=20
Florida
Power).
West Region
Sierra Pacific Resources ranks highest in overall customer satisfaction
with midsize business electric service in the West Region.  This utility
significantly leads the region by rating highest in all six components (1 in a
tie).  The Los Angeles Department of Water and Power also ranks high in this
region.
Headquartered in Agoura Hills, Calif., J.D. Power and Associates is a
global marketing information services firm operating in key business sectors
including market research, forecasting, consulting, training and customer
satisfaction.  The firm's quality and satisfaction measurements are based on
actual customer responses from millions of consumers annually. J.D. Power and
Associates press releases and media information can be accessed through the
Internet at www.jdpa.com.  Media e-mail contact: michael.greywitt@jdpa.com.
This press release is provided for editorial use only.  No advertising or
other promotional use can be made of the information in this release or of
other J.D. Power and Associates survey results without the express prior
written consent of J.D. Power and Associates.
SOURCE  J.D. Power and Associates
CONTACT:  Michael P. Greywitt, 818-707-9526 or John Tews, 248-267-6800,
both of J.D. Power and Associates
Photo:  NewsCom  
AP Archive PRN Photo Desk, 888-776-6555 or 201-369-3467
Web site Calpine to Purchase 46 General Electric Gas Turbines  Turbines in Place for=20
70,000-megawatt Program
Turbines in Place for 70,000-megawatt Program
SAN JOSE, Calif., April 19 /PRNewswire Calpine Corporation (NYSE: CPN), the nation's fastest growing independent
power producer, announced today it will purchase 35 model 7FB and 11 model 7FA
gas-fired turbines from GE Power Systems. With this announcement, Calpine has
firm orders in place for the delivery of 203 turbines. When operated in a
combined-cycle application, this represents 50,000 megawatts of baseload
capacity.
The agreement marks the company's second large volume turbine acquisition
from GE and is an important component of Calpine's five-year strategic plan to
have 70,000 megawatts of generation on line by the end of 2005. Calpine will
take delivery of 5 turbines in 2002, with the remainder of the contract to be
filled by the end of 2005.
"This purchase significantly strengthens Calpine's leadership position in
project development," said Doug Kieta, senior vice president-construction for
Calpine. "Calpine's aggressive turbine procurement program also strengthens
Calpine's first-mover advantage as we expand our development program and enter
new electricity markets across the country."
"GE Power Systems is pleased to provide Calpine today's technology of
choice for power generation," said Delbert Williamson, President of GE Power
Systems Global Sales. "Our FA technology is the most proven advanced
technology available, and we're confident our evolutionary FB technology which
has been designed using GE's Corporate-wide Six Sigma initiative will provide
Calpine highly competitive power generation."
GE's current fleet of F technology gas turbines recently surpassed
3.8 million hours of operation around the globe. GE's 7FB turbine is an
evolution of the current 7FA model and is designed for higher efficiency,
lower life-cycle cost power generation. By employing this new technology,
Calpine will continue to generate electricity competitively while consuming
less natural gas and producing fewer emissions than a typical power plant of
comparable size.
GE Power Systems (  is one of the world's leading
suppliers of power generation technology, energy services and management
systems with 2000 revenue of $15 billion. The business has the largest
installed base of power generation equipment in the global energy industry.
GE Power Systems provides equipment, service and management solutions across
the power generation, oil and gas, distributed power and energy rental
industries.
Based in San Jose, Calif., Calpine Corporation is dedicated to providing
customers with reliable and competitively priced electricity.  Calpine is
focused on clean, efficient combined-cycle, natural gas-fired generation and
is the nation's largest producer of renewable geothermal energy.  To date,
the company has approximately 31,200 megawatts of base load capacity and
6,800 megawatts of peaking capacity in operation, under construction and
announced development in 28 states and Alberta, Canada.  The company was
founded in 1984 and is publicly traded on the New York Stock Exchange under
the symbol CPN.  For more information about Calpine, visit its Website at
www.calpine.com.
This news release discusses certain matters that may be considered
"forward-looking" statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the
Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended, including statements regarding the intent, belief or
current expectations of Calpine Corporation (the "Company") and its
management. Prospective investors are cautioned that any such forward-looking
statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve a number of
risks and uncertainties that could materially affect actual results such as,
but not limited to, (i) changes in government regulations and anticipated
deregulation of the electric energy industry; (ii) commercial operations of
new plants that may be delayed or prevented because of various development and
construction risks, such as a failure to obtain financing and the necessary
permits to operate or the failure of third-party contractors to perform their
contractual obligations (iii) cost estimates are preliminary and actual cost
may be higher than estimated, (iv) the assurance that the Company will develop
additional plants, (v) a competitor's development of a lower-cost generating
gas-fired power plant, (vi) receipt of regulatory approvals or (vii) the risks
associated with marketing and selling power from power plants in the newly
competitive energy market. Prospective investors are also referred to the
other risks identified from time to time in the Company's reports and
registration statements filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
SOURCE  Calpine Corporation
CONTACT:  press, Kent Robertson, 408-995-5115, ext. 1144, or investors,
Rick Barraza, 408-995-5115, ext. 1125, both of Calpine Corporation
Web site Web site (CPN)
eserver@ on 04/20/2001 11:49:50 AM
I got a voicemail fro Ken.  He would be happy to meet with Freeman.  He is 
willing to work on other times, but suggested the following
After 3:00 on May 2nd (right after Ken's speech to the RGA) or late the day 
before or in the morning of the second (to do this though he would have to 
cancel his speech to the Texas Governor's business council but he is willing 
to do this if necessary)
His least preferred alternative in this general time frame would be early 
morning on the third.
Jeff -- could you coordinate with Rosie to get the time and place nailed 
down?
I got a voicemail response from Jeff - he is fine with me substituting for 
him on the Japan trip.
Let's ask Jeff Hines(?), our opinion research guy, to put a few short 
questions together and send it out.  We may also want to include a link so 
people can view the commercials again before answering.
Also,  I was talking with Beth Tilney today about our website (and the fact 
that every business unit now feels free to go do their own thing).  We 
thought it would be a good idea to add this topic to the brand conference 
(perhaps as part of an existing segment Mary Clark@
08/02/2000 05:49 PM
Steve, Notes has the capability to do a quick survey of employees.  The 
beauty of doing it in Notes is that it is the body of the email message, so 
employees don't have to go somewhere else to participate.  The response is 
much higher.  In fact, Sarah and I have used it a couple of times this year 
and it was very effective.  Susan Lopez of Corp. IT Houston is the contact 
(713-853-7947).  Mary
Steven J Kean@EES
08/02/2000 03:12 PM
do we have a mechanism to survey employees?  Can we do a "scientific" poll?
John Sherriff@ECT
08/02/2000 03:46 AM
Mark 
Thanks for the call a couple of weeks ago regarding our new ad campaign.  The 
challenge as I understand it is that we have difficulty in quantifying the 
benefit and effectiveness of our ads.   We can measure on a periodic basis 
what the CEO/CCO/CFO perception of Enron is on a periodic basis but this does 
not break down the impact of our PR efforts from an ad campaign.   I 
understand this dilemma.
But one thing that we could measure that is quite important to me is what our 
employees think about these ads.    If all else fails these ads should make 
our employees proud to work for Enron - and this is something we should be 
able to measure on a consistent basis.
I know you have an upcoming event in California where your organisation will 
talk about problems and challenges we have - so if you could consider this 
idea I would be very appreciative.  And of course don't get to hooked on 
God's country while you are in Napa.
Thanks!
John
I think Jeff should be the point person on putting the response together on 
this (and future air and climate change position inquiries).  Jeff - please 
make sure you get the comments of all involved.
Jeffrey Keeler
04/17/2001 05:02 PM
All:  I would like to discuss how we might respond to this letter from 
Greenpeace, if at all.  The letter is attached way at the bottom of this 
e-mail, and was received in several Enron European offices as a copy of what 
was sent to Jeff Skilling and other CEOs of major companies.  I have not 
confirmed our receipt of such a letter from any of you, but am assuming it 
was delivered.
I think we could respond in a very positive, constructive manner to 
Greenpeace, based on the statements we've already documented and the 
strategies we are developing.  Lisa Jacobson and I are currently working on 
developing some tighter climate change and clean air "messages" that we can 
use in multiple areas ASAP -- upcoming Ken Lay speeches and interactions with 
the Administration, revising the Statement for the 2001 Corporate 
Responsibility Report, Enron Business articles and other internal uses, 
responses to environmental group inquiries and shareholder meeting Q&A, and 
use in everyday speeches and advocacy work.
The Greenpeace questions are tricky, and set up no-win answers for the most 
part.  I doubt they will get any direct answers to questions like:  "Does 
your company support President Bush in his opposition to the protocol?"   In 
my opinion, we can respond to Greenpeace without directly responding to these 
types of questions.  Addressing Kyoto directly is a slippery slope -- its 
best to stick with the solution-oriented approach we've always taken.
For this reason, I was a bit concerned to see in the e-mail chain below a 
characterization of Mark Palmer's statement on Kyoto (given to Jackie Gentile 
in London) -- "Enron has always taken the view that the Kyoto protocol was 
not a workable solution to dealing with CO2 emissions.  However it is not the 
principles behind Kyoto that we take issue with, rather it is the vehicle 
that has been devised to deliver the results."  I believe it is dangerous to 
make such statements for a number of reasons -- Greenpeace would absolutely 
beat us over the head with it, Friends of the Earth could step up its 
shareholder initiatives, etc.    Also, this sets you up for a number of 
follow up questions that I don't think we have answers to, like:  What about 
Kyoto is not workable?  What would make it workable and would we help make it 
workable?  If not Kyoto, what is Enron's preferred "vehicle?"  I'd really 
rather stay with a constructive, solution-oriented approach and avoid 
reference to Kyoto altogether.
I will talk with Kate Bauer in Enron Europe about this, but I think we need 
to decide on a global, corporate-wide response to Greenpeace.   I would be 
happy to set up a quick conference call on the subject, or just field 
comments by e-mail -- whatever works best.
Thoughts?
Jeffrey Keeler
Director, Environmental Strategies
Enron
Washington DC office - (202) 466-9157
Cell Phone (203) 464-1541
Lauren Iannarone@ECT
04/17/2001 11:20 AM
FYI:  I  defer to you on this but assume we are in a good position to respond 
to Greenpeace.  I assume you will discuss with Kate and Peter - let me know thanks
Peter.Styles@ on 04/17/2001 09:42:40 AM
Thanks Kate. Please keep Nailia Dindarova in my Brussels office and me
copied on responses since I will be co-ordinating any pronouncements on
this topic in Europe in policymakers' circles. For them neither the
negativity nor the vagueness of the words you quote below (on which Mark
and Jackie already know my views!) will be adequate.
Kate Bauer@
17/04/2001 15:36
Lauren
Further to my telephone message today, I would be grateful for your view on
the approach we should be taking to the issue of Greenpeace sending letters
to our European offices re: Kyoto. Several of our offices (Spain, Belgium,
Netherlands) have received a local language version of the letter
originally sent to Jeff Skilling, and other CEOs, on 5 April 2001. The
email chain below gives an indication of what is in circulation.
Greenpeace is expecting a response within the next week. Jackie Gentle has
made me the point of contact in the PR department for this issue. We have
discussed this issue briefly and we would support issuing an initial
statement to acknowledge receipt of the letters, perhaps followed by a
standardised, corporate- approved letter, but would like to ensure our
approach is supported, and consistent with any actions, by Corporate. As
some of the countries in which we operate have tangible "green" focused
projects e.g. we have acquired a wind project in The Netherlands, it may be
appropriate to allow such countries to personalise their response in local
language.
If we follow up an initial acknowledgement with a fuller response to
Greenpeace's questions, I suggest we consider the following issues raised
recently by Jackie Gentle:
"In response to several requests for clarification, I have spoken with Mark
Palmer who has provided the following information on Enron's stance
regarding Kyoto:
Enron has always taken the view that the Kyoto protocol was not a workable
solution to dealing with CO2 emissions.  However it is not the principles
behind Kyoto that we take issue with, rather it is the vehicle that has
been devised to deliver the results.
We firmly believe that there is work to be done in reducing greenhouse
gases and Enron has put in place a number of programs that have measurably
reduced carbon dioxide as well as SO2 and Oxides of Nitrogen (Nox)
By way of example    emissions trading programs have been put in place where these can be
implemented
Enron is one of the largest developers of natural gas-fired power plants
which produce about 50 percent less carbon dioxide than coal or
oil-fired plants
demand-side management programs through EES to reduce energy usage
the Catalytica program
focus on renewable-related projects
At the current time there is no formal statement from Enron Corp on the
Kyoto issue."
Before we proceed, I would be grateful if you could contact me to share
your views on this.
Many thanks.
Kate
Kate Bauer
Manager Public Relations and Communications
ext: 32495
Nailia Dindarova@ECT
17/04/2001 13:28
We have now recieved a letter from Greenpeace Belgium here in the Brussels
office (please see attached).
(See attached file: Greenpeace Belgium_Letter April 13 2001.tif)
Peter Styles
17/04/2001 11:59
As I was saying in my e-mail a few minutes ago 
Eva Hoeffelman
17/04/2001 12:52
Please find below the Greenpeace letter our Dutch office received today (as
has our Spanish office).  Their deadline for our answers to their questions
is before 26 April.  I am asking our PR agency in the NL to translate the
letter asap.
In the mean time, I will wait for direction on our official corporate
response on this issue and then discuss suitability or possible adaptation
for the Dutch market or for this letter in particular.
I have advised Hans-Mart to make sure all employees in the Dutch office do
not reply to any calls or queries re the above ubject and to refer them to
me.
Thanks
Eva
London Fax System2
04/17/2001 11:26 AM
You have received a new fax from +31 0 206541966
The image contains 1 page(s).
- Greenpeace Belgium_Letter April 13 2001.tif
STEVE KEAN
Executive Committee Weekly Meeting
Date:  Monday, April 23rd Time:  11:00 a.m. (CDT)
Location: 50th Floor Boardroom
Video:  Connections will be established with remote locations upon request.
Conf call: AT&T lines have been reserved.  Please contact Sherri Sera 
(713/853-5984) 
or Bill Dorsey (713/646-6505) for the weekly dial-in number and passcode.
Please indicate below whether or not you plan to attend this meeting and 
through what medium. 
Yes, I will attend in person ____X___
By video conference from _______
By conference call  _______
No, I will not attend  _______
Please return this e-mail to me with your response by 12:00 p.m., Friday, 
April 20th
Thank you, 
Bill Dorsey.
calendar
Kelly Johnson
04/16/2001 04:19 PM
Please get me Pat Wood's phone number and post a reminder on my calendar to 
call him ASAP
I would'nt have it introduced by the "corporate policy committee".  I would 
say Enron is introducing or "there is a new tool available to you".  I am 
anxious to see how this goes over; it's a great tool.
Karen and Steve,
Could you take a quick peek at this and let me know if you have any thoughts 
or concerns?
Thanks,
Karen 
The Enron Corporate Policy Committee introduces Expertfinder.
Expertfinder allows you to locate people within the Enron community by 
organization structure, skills, reporting relationships, languages, school 
attended, and prior work experience. 
Expertfinder is a secured HR application, which is available upon completion 
of your Certificate of Compliance.   Expertfinder can be accessed on the 
Enron Intranet by typing the following URL at the Internet Explorer command 
line and Log In using the HRGIS Id provided below 
Your HRGIS Id:
Your Password:  Date of Birth (Format YYYYMMDD *Current users of the Global Launch Zone will maintain the same password.
If you don't remember your password, click on Forgot ID/Password below the 
Log In button.  Should you have any questions regarding access or data issues 
in Expertfinder, contact the HRGIM Line (HR Global Information Management) at 
713-853-5666 
Expertfinder is only as good as the data provided.  Does your personal data 
need updating?  Go to eHRonline.enron.com or home.enron.co.uk/hrol_caller.htm 
(Eastern Hemisphere only) to update your data today.  Or, contact your HR 
Generalist for business unit related updates 
Andrea Yowman
04/16/2001 08:37 PM
Andrea Yowman
04/16/2001 08:33 PM
As we prepare for the Mid-Year PRC process, please reserve Tuesday June 5, 
2001(all day) on your calendar for the HR  Functional PRC meeting.   Since we 
will review exempt level employees only, please extend this information to 
those employees who will be representing others 
In preparing for the logistics of the meeting, please let me know if you will 
conference in.  All efforts will be made to secure video conferencing.
Details are forthcoming.   Please give me a call at 31477 should you have 
questions. 
Thanks. 
ay
No charges.  I think we should refer these to Carrie Robert and ask her to 
run down the people in the organization most likely to have an interest.  In 
this case, I would get in touch with Andy Fastow, Ben Glissan or someone in 
the finance group in London.  That way, we can make a better determination 
about the value of the relationship, make sure those who are interested in 
pitching them on doing bus. with Enron can be involved. Or, we can make a 
determination to decline.  I think we decide who we want to let in then do it 
for free, rather than charging.
MARY CLARK ENRON 04/17/2001 08:58 AM
I'm not in favor of charging a fee; that takes the goodwill out of it.   I'm 
open to discussion on how often we host these meetings, however 
Elizabeth Tilney@EES
04/17/2001 08:29 AM
I believe that Cindy and I can keep doing these and there is certainly a 
"goodwill" element here...and maybe that is the way to handle it. OR we might 
want to think about "formalizing" this, say once a quarter and sending out 
"invitations" and, maybe, charging for this????I think there are pros and 
cons on all sides of the charging issue.....maybe we should get together and 
discuss? Beth
Beth, we're a hot commodity.  See a new request below to meet with us about 
innovation, culture, retaining talent.  My team will coordinate this visit if 
you agree we should participate in this meeting.
Mary
Karen Denne
04/17/2001 07:56 AM
Mary -- how do we route these requests?  It seems like Beth and Cindy have 
been the point person for these visits, but I'm not sure how they'll react if 
we send the requests to them.  Any ideas?  thx. kd
Elizabeth_Overton@haygroup.com
04/17/2001 05:08 AM
Dear Sir/Madam,
I am trying to find a contact within your organisation who could help me set 
up
a meeting between a member of your Company and members of an Irish Bank who 
are
extremely interested in sending a senior level delegation on a study visit to
recognised leaders in certain fields, in particular the Innovativeness and
Getting / Keeping Talent areas of the fortune survey.
We recognise that you have won awards in these areas of the fortune survey and
would like to contact someone in this field.
I look forward to receiving your reply.
Many thanks
Elizabeth
Book now for the 2001 Hay annual conference in Florence,
**** This e-mail and any attachments hereto are strictly confidential and
intended solely for the addressee.  It may contain information which is
privileged.  If you are not the intended addressee, you must not disclose,
forward, copy or take any action in reliance of this e-mail or attachments If
you have received this e-mail in error, please delete it and notify us as soon
as possible.
The anti-virus software used by Hay is updated regularly in an effort to
minimise the possibility of viruses infecting our systems. However, you should
be aware that there is no absolute guarantee that any files attached to this
e-mail are virus free.
Hay Management Consultants, 52 Grosvenor Gardens, London SW1W 0AU, Tel (44)
(0)20 7881 7000, Fax (44) (0)20 7881 7100  
Registered in England and Wales No. 763575
Registered office address as above 
FYI - this email will go out to employees tonight The Enron Corporate Policy Committee introduces Expertfinder.
Expertfinder allows you to locate people within the Enron community by 
organization structure, skills, reporting relationships, languages, school 
attended, and prior work experience. 
Expertfinder is a secured HR application that is available upon completion of 
your Certificate of Compliance.   Expertfinder can be accessed on the Enron 
Intranet by typing the following URL at the Internet Explorer command line 
and Log In using the HRGIS Id provided below 
Your HRGIS Id:
Your Password:  Date of Birth (Format YYYYMMDD *Current users of the Global Launch Zone will maintain the same password.
If you don't remember your password, click on Forgot ID/Password below the 
Log In button.  Should you have any questions regarding access or data issues 
in Expertfinder contact the HRGIM Line (HR Global Information Management) at 
713-853-5666 
Expertfinder is only as good as the data provided.  Does your personal data 
need updating?  Go to eHRonline.enron.com or home.enron.co.uk/hrol_caller.htm 
(Eastern Hemisphere only) to update your data today.  Or, contact your HR 
Generalist for business unit related updates 
Steven J Kean
04/15/2001 08:02 PM
Thanks for taking the lead on this.  Note Tim's question about handicapping 
the liklihood of approval.  Prices will move in the West based on these 
odds.  We need to have a better view than anyone else.
Ray Alvarez
04/13/2001 01:19 PM
Tim,  although there's always a "chance" my impression is that the FERC won't 
buy the ban on exports, as this would appear to run afoul of the Commerce 
Clause and certainly goes counter to everything that FERC hopes to accomplish 
with their own Order 888 and 2000 initiatives.  I am less certain about the 
direction FERC will go on pricing, since even the staff has recognized 
stumbling blocks in their own recommendation and offers possible variants 
The ISO has not submitted revised tariff sheets for approval yet, so it is 
unlikely they would try to implement their own plan in the near term.  If 
they try to do so without FERC approval, possible legal avenues might include 
the filing of a complaint at FERC, asking for fast track processing (this 
"fast" is measured in weeks, not days) and/or seeking injunctive relief in 
court (faster), which can be hard to obtain but not impossible, depending 
entirely on the circumstances.
Will keep you posted if I learn anything new on this.  Ray
James D Steffes
04/12/2001 11:21 PM
Ray 
Can you please take the lead in responding to Tim re:  FERC v. state actions?
Sue 
Any info on whether the ISO would do this unilaterally?
Jim
The recent plan filed at FERC is horrible.  The two most aggregious parts are 
the cost based standing bids and the ban on exports.  I know that we are 
commenting on this proposal.  I am also looking for intellegence on whether 
the ISO proposal has any chance of getting approved by FERC.  If it is not 
approved by FERC, what can the Californians do?  California has ignored FERC 
before.  If they attempt to unilaterally implement changes what is the 
likelihood that the Feds step in to intervene?  If you hear anything on this 
matter please keep me posted.  The proposed plan will have a huge impact on 
the California market and we need as much advance notice as possible.
Do what you need to do; the system has to work.  The only question I have is: 
why doesn't IT just take care of this without a charge? This is not an 
extraordinary item or special request.  This ought to be something IT simply 
takes care of without us having to get involved or pay extra.  Am I missing 
something?
Steve, 
The IT group put it like this..."Justification:  Current Server is  PL1850, 
and has reached it's capacity and is non-redundant."
That means that our current system:
(1) has a slow processor
(2) is nearly out of memory for stock award administration
(3) doesn't have a "real-time" back up in case the hard drives fails
(4) needs to be upgraded
The IT group has quoted about $19,000 for a new system that brings this 
server up to Enron's current server standards and takes care of the above 
issues.
Let me know if this expense is a problem and whether you need to be involved 
with these types of decisions in the future.
Thanks,
Aaron
Interesting idea, but hard to see any near term benefit.  I would decline.
Amy Lee@
08/02/2000 09:30 PM
Steve 
Cindy and I discussed this and we agree there is no interest to move forward 
from a Community Relations/HR standpoint.  We wanted to pass this along to 
you to see if you had any interest.
Thanks! amy 
Stacy Walker @ ENRON COMMUNICATIONS
08/01/2000 04:43 PM
Hi, Amy - Kelly Kimberly got this letter from a woman she knows who works at 
Harvard, in the Kennedy School of Government, for an initiative called Women 
Waging Peace.  Enron is a supporter of WWP, and Joe Sutton is on their 
corporate cabinet.  What do you think about her idea below, and Enron's 
involvement, if any?  Please feel free to pass this along to others who you 
think might want to consider it, or who might be more appropriate to consider 
it.
Thanks, Stacy  x3-3583
I have an interesting idea that I wanted to share with you.  Just last week
here at the Kennedy School, I met with a woman named Susan Bird, who sits
on the Women's Leadership Board of the Kennedy School.  She is the Founder
and President of Women.future in New York City, NY.  She headed the launch
of the organization (part of which was held here at KSG, the main body of
which was held in NYC and telecast to KSG).  It was a masterfully conceived
and brilliantly orchestrated three-phase global event for businesswomen.  I
imagine you heard about it.
Susan told me last week that one of her current, burning interests is in
how women business leaders (corporate leadership across the private and
public sectors) can change and influence public policy.  She wants to
create a public venue, invite women business leaders, and discuss the
central question, "If we assume that today's global problems require more
and more from the business world, would these problems look any different
if women business leaders/owners were involved?"
Susan and I wonder if this is something Enron (and/or potentially other
corporate sponsors) would like formally to sponsor.   Furthermore, Susan's
company could video this executive forum, streamline the video, and link it
to the Women Waging Peace Website.  My sense is that it's a win-win for
everyone.
I told her that I would contact you and discuss the possibility.  Would
love to hear your thoughts first, before I engage in further conversation
with Susan.  If this is something in which Enron is interested, I could
easily arrange a phone conversation among Swanee, Susan, you, and me in the
near future to discuss the idea in greater depth.
I am available for a conversation about the idea anytime, and I can be
reached directly at (617) 495-8330.
Thanks for the updated presentation.  It helps me a great deal to keep up 
with you guys.  Send more as you do them.
Thanks for handling.  Let me know if it begins to interfere unduly with your 
new responsibilities.
Mark Schroeder@ECT
04/12/2001 04:23 AM
Thanks.  I am seeing a few things through to conclusion, and I expect this 
situation to be one, unless Steve prefers to handle it differently.  I think 
it is a matter of either him or me, and I think this is one item I can keep 
off of his plate.  thanks  mcs
Mike Dahlke@_DEVELOPMENT
11/04/2001 14:41
Mark,
Congratulations on your new assignment.  It has been a long time since I have 
dealt with Coal but the business desperately needed new ideas and approaches 
when I knew it.  Good luck!
Yes, I did meet with JoAnn last Friday.  As required by the agreement she 
gave me, I have retained counsel and the proposal is being reviewed by my 
attorney.  In light of the announced change, I am wondering if questions and 
comments should still be addressed to you?  Please advise.
Mike D.
Thanks for taking the lead on this.  Note Tim's question about handicapping 
the liklihood of approval.  Prices will move in the West based on these 
odds.  We need to have a better view than anyone else.
Ray Alvarez
04/13/2001 01:19 PM
Tim,  although there's always a "chance" my impression is that the FERC won't 
buy the ban on exports, as this would appear to run afoul of the Commerce 
Clause and certainly goes counter to everything that FERC hopes to accomplish 
with their own Order 888 and 2000 initiatives.  I am less certain about the 
direction FERC will go on pricing, since even the staff has recognized 
stumbling blocks in their own recommendation and offers possible variants 
The ISO has not submitted revised tariff sheets for approval yet, so it is 
unlikely they would try to implement their own plan in the near term.  If 
they try to do so without FERC approval, possible legal avenues might include 
the filing of a complaint at FERC, asking for fast track processing (this 
"fast" is measured in weeks, not days) and/or seeking injunctive relief in 
court (faster), which can be hard to obtain but not impossible, depending 
entirely on the circumstances.
Will keep you posted if I learn anything new on this.  Ray
James D Steffes
04/12/2001 11:21 PM
Ray 
Can you please take the lead in responding to Tim re:  FERC v. state actions?
Sue 
Any info on whether the ISO would do this unilaterally?
Jim
The recent plan filed at FERC is horrible.  The two most aggregious parts are 
the cost based standing bids and the ban on exports.  I know that we are 
commenting on this proposal.  I am also looking for intellegence on whether 
the ISO proposal has any chance of getting approved by FERC.  If it is not 
approved by FERC, what can the Californians do?  California has ignored FERC 
before.  If they attempt to unilaterally implement changes what is the 
likelihood that the Feds step in to intervene?  If you hear anything on this 
matter please keep me posted.  The proposed plan will have a huge impact on 
the California market and we need as much advance notice as possible.
eserver@ on 04/09/2001 02:41:04 PM
eserver@ on 04/10/2001 01:45:03 PM
eserver@ on 04/13/2001 02:35:43 PM
I am sending you the resume of Jennifer Salisbury who is Energy Sec. here in 
NM and I think she is great!  She is looking to move back into the private 
sector, and if we have an opening or can help her with one, that would be 
wonderful.  Thanks.
"Salisbury, Jennifer"  	04/13/01 01:24 PM
so quickly.  Yes, I'd be willing to relocate.  I'm more interested in how
challenging the work would/could be (and the level of pay) then where I am
physically located.  Attached is my resume.  Feel free to send it to the
headhunter who called you and/or to anyone you think might be interested at
Enron.  Jennifer
PS  I had never talked to Schaefer before the Boise meeting.  He was not
very impressive and I agree with your assessment that you will not be able
to persuade him on the price cap issue.
- jenbio revised_.doc
You are awesome.
Linda Robertson
04/13/2001 03:58 PM
Sent by: Lora Sullivan
Attached is the Briefing Book for the 10:00 AM (EDT) Cheney meeting on 
Tuesday, April 17, 2001.
We will be making additions to this book over the weekend, and a final 
document will be ready for Ken Lay and Steve Kean on Monday evening.
By fax we are sending the attachment documents which were not available to us 
electronically.
Thanks so much for your message.  Your communications are always complete, 
firm, clear and polite.  I am sorry that perhaps the most critical aspect of 
your efforts -- security-- has been so confused by our end.  I understand 
from John Brindle that the confusion generated by our end has not kept you 
from accomplishing a great deal of the work anyway.  I have asked John to 
lead the effort, to the extent you need him.  John and his team are very 
experienced and have been in contact with and coordination with the London 
office.  Mike Hicks is a good hand, but for the most part, all I have asked 
him to do is be in a position to identify outside resources skilled in the 
area in question.  It is a bit too much to ask Mike to be hands on for all of 
Enron's corporate security needs.  A little background I'll bore you with after Andre Legallo (formerly VP of Security for Enron) left, we did not 
replace his function.  Most of the operating companies had their own security 
and business controls groups.  When Andre left, we reduced the corporate 
function to a "default provider" role -- if a business unit had a need it was 
not otherwise meeting, Mike Hicks (as well as an outside consulting firm) 
would help identify competent resources in the area.  With the reorganization 
of EBS, I have inherited the very competent and experienced team they had 
assembled (led by John Brindle).  John identified some concerns regarding 
India mid last week.  I urged him to get in touch with Rebecca; he did.  It 
was clear after further inquiries by John that the India team had already 
addressed many if not all of the concerns and much of the remaining work 
involved implementation.  John volunteered to send some people over to help 
and I said OK.  He had already been in touch with the London team and Mike 
Hicks (who I have asked to return to Houston).
The last thing you need right now is confusion caused by a group saying 
"we're from corporate and we're here to help".  If you don't need any "help" 
or if the situation gets anything other than significantly better, let me 
know.
Steve,
As you are well aware, we are facing a lot of things happening fast in India. 
We are using several parts of your team, and are very pleased with most. I 
want to mention a couple of areas, HR and Security.
1. HR: I heard that some folks in Houston had raised concerns about the 
quality of the India HR team and their preparedness. The HR team is doing an 
outstanding job and I wanted you to hear that from me. Once we realized we 
had a major issue on our hand, and I received clearance from Rebecca and Jim 
to bring some HR folks into the loop, HR had someone on a plane within 20 
hours of my first call. We have always had great HR support through Drew 
Lynch and Bob Sparger, helping our team led by Sandip Malik, and this time 
Scott Gilchrist has joined in and helped as well. But the two workhorses have 
been Bob and Sandip. Bob got on a plane immediately and came over, and he and 
Sandip have been working around the clock so that we are much better prepared 
now than we were just a couple of days back. We really relied heavily on HR, 
and Drew had his team there for us.
2. PR: top notch team of John Ambler and Johan Zaayman, working with and 
supporting Jimmy Mogal on the ground. Johan and Jimmy have been a strong team 
on the ground, and John has provided leadership and all coordination with 
Houston. Great efforts and productive work.
3. Security: This area has not worked as well, and if you ever want feedback 
on our one-time experience with this group, I will provide it. I don't have 
any idea who is in charge from Enron's perspective here. There are 2 groups 
headed this way. Mike Hicks will arrive Thursday night, and Mike has informed 
us that he will be leading all security efforts. Jim Rountree is apparently 
travelling with Mike, and Don Hawkins sent me an e-mail earlier today telling 
me that Don has instructed Jim that Jim is in charge of coordinating our 
security. John Brindle has sent me an e-mail saying that you have asked him 
to coordinate and help in the ongoing efforts, and John is sending 3 people 
over arriving Saturday night. First, we are very happy to have the help, but 
I just hope that Mike, Jim and John know which of the three are in charge. If 
you could just let me know who you want to be in charge, we will coordinate 
with that person.
On a side note, the people who have really been helpful were brought in 
through Drew Lynch of Europe HR. They are Jim Roth and Dave Lawler, both of 
whom work for John Sherriff. They had a great attitude, were willing to work 
day and night and were planning on coming to coordinate until Mike decided he 
would come.
At Mike's earlier suggestion, we engaged Hill & Associates to help on 
security. Because I was having to meet with them 3 to 4 times per day, I 
asked Jane Wilson to help coordinate all our security efforts. Jane has done 
a fantastic job in an impossibly short time frame. The tasks she has been 
overseeing include coordinating with Hill & Associates, removing (in a lowkey 
yet rush manner) over 400 boxes of files and documents and getting them 
through customs and to Europe, removing 2 container truck loads of files from 
the Dabhol site and getting them out of the country, and overseeing a 
complete security check and file removal of all our electronic files from 
servers, desktops and laptops. In addition, she has coordinated security for 
all expats and families as well as worked with EOGIL expats and Anthony 
Duenner of EBS Asia.
Again, we appreciate all the help. 
Wade
Good brief.  I have noted a few comments and questions throughout the text.
Ignore my universal change to the word "transmissions".
I didn't sell any, right?
The information contained in this email may be confidential and/or 
privileged. This email is intended to be reviewed by the individual or 
organization named above. If you are not the intended recipient, you are 
hereby notified that any review, dissemination or copying of this email or 
its attachments, if any, or the information contained herein is prohibited. 
If you have received this email in error, please immediately notify the 
sender by return email and delete this email from your system. Thank you.
Please see appointment list attached below:
KES Kingsburg L.P. (QF?)
City of Palo Alto (pension holdings?)
Enron Corp & Affiliates
State of Tennessee (pension holdings?)
Dynegy Power Marketing, Inc.
The Davey Tree Co. (vendor)
GWF Power Systems (QF)
U.S. Bank (Trustee on PCB's)
Merrill Lynch (CP holder?)
The Bank of New York (Bond Trustee)
Bank of America (Agent on revolver)
I'm pretty sure the form was left off 
Stephen L. Johnson
Attorney
United States Department of Justice
Office of the U.S. Trustee
250 Montgomery Street, Suite 1000
San Francisco, CA 94104
415-705-3333 tel.
415-705-3379 fax
stephen.johnson2@usdoj.gov
- Appointment of Committee.pdf
Carolyn Green, Vice President - Government Affairs, has advised us of her=20
resignation from Enron Corp. effective Friday =01) August 4, 2000.  Carolyn is=20
pursuing an opportunity with Sunoco, Inc. as their Vice President for Health,=20
Environment and Safety and will be making Philadelphia her new home base.
We want to thank Carolyn for her hard work and many contributions to Azurix=20
and Enron.  Please join me in wishing Carolyn the very best in her new=20
venture.
For those of you in Houston  - there will be a going away party/happy hour on=20
Friday, August 4th at the Midtown Station - starting at=20
5:30 p.m.
The Midtown Station
2306 Brazos. =20
Easy to get to:   Take Smith south to Hadley and turn right.  Then turn right=20
on Brazos and you're there.  Pizzas will be ordered from a place across the=20
street that makes them in a woodburning oven.  Everyone is welcome! 
Attached is the information on talent moves within Enron.  The numbers are 
for Enron's domestic workforce only.  The bottom line is that the EBS and EES 
redeployment figures are not unusual for Enron:  We moved over 3000 employees 
last year (about 25% of our domestic workforce).  Most of these moves are 
attributable new business startups (eg EGM, ENW and EIM) and normal course of 
business transfers within the company.  The formal redeployment process makes 
up only a small fraction of the total moves in the company. 
yes, send to dennis
04/10/2001 11:33 AM
Stacy Walker@MUNICATIONS
Stacy Walker@MUNICATIONS
Stacy Walker@MUNICATIONS
04/10/2001 11:33 AM
04/10/2001 11:33 AM
Hi, Steve 
Dennis Vegas has requested budget information from Kelly on the people from 
EBS that are transferring over to Corp.  Kelly is on vacation now, for the 
next week and a half, and I wanted to check with you to make sure that it is 
OK to share these documents with him.  They are what Kelly reviewed with you 
in your initial meeting regarding the subject.  He only asked for information 
on the people shifting to Corp, not the people on redeployment, so I could 
delete that portion of these documents.  Perhaps I could only send him the 
first document that is about budget, but with the redeployment information 
taken out.
Sorry to bother you, but I am concerned about doing the right thing and 
following protocol in Kelly's absence.
Thanks, Stacy
Suzanne_Nimocks@mckinsey.com@mckinsey.com on 03/02/2001 12:04:50 PM
Sent by: Carol_Benter@mckinsey.com
Sorry that we haven't talked in some time.  I thought that you would want
to take a look at some analysis we have recently completed with regard to
the California Power Crisis.  You may find some of the analysis to be
helpful.  Let me know if you have any questions.
(See attached file: 10209 zxd414.ppt)
|  could you look into this for me?
Richard Shapiro
04/10/2001 09:57 AM
Regarding voicemail I left you regading my current compensation, I  do not 
intend to bug you about this, but at some point, I would appreciate knowing 
whether my  base compensation ( and stock compensation  given recent price 
movements )  are set at the appropriate level, in relationship to peers in 
public affairs, company, and externally. Thanks.
Never mind ... I found 'em.
Margaret Carson
04/10/2001 10:02 AM
Tim  Can you kindly send   a set  of these  slides  asap  by e  mail  to  
Steve  Kean,  Thanks  Margaret
Margaret Carson
04/10/2001 10:04 AM
Steve  Here  are my slides  and  a copy of  the  text     Margaret
Richard Shapiro
04/10/2001 10:10 AM
Ginger Dernehl
03/29/2001 04:45 PM
Lauren,
Mr. Shapiro has updated his presentation.  Can you make sure that this 
version is available to him for Monday's meeting?  Also, will his 
presentation be saved on a computer for his use or does he need to have it on 
a "CD/diskette 
Thanks
gngr
713-853-7751
Eliz- can you handle?
Steve--
I am working on a presentation here in Net Works and am looking for a 
defendable figure for the size of the North American Natural Gas & Power 
market (both financial and physical transactions) and our share of the same. 
Do you have any such data, or know of someone that might? Thank you.
Stephanie Segura
Enron Net Works
Tel: 713.853.7430
Fax: 713.646.8583
I would decline
I don't believe that Jeff would be interested in meeting with this company Please advise.
Thanks,
Joannie
Michael.Munn@rutherfordconsulting.com on 04/05/2001 04:27:35 PM
Jeff,
Here is some additional information on us that it was recommended I send to
you.  I am assisitant to Mark Kearns, Vice-President for Rutherford
Consulting, who resides in Houston.  When he is in town, I set up short
meetings for him of 30 minutes or so duration with companies and/or CEO's,
Presidents, etc. that he would like to bring industry informaiton to as
well as a bit more about us.
I will call after you've had the opportunity to review this to arrange a
convenient time for you both.
Michael M. Munn
Executive Assistant
- Rutherford Consulting -- Overview Presentation.ppt
The following is an outline of the basic terms of the Southern California=20
Edison Memorandum of Understanding:
? Commitment to Provide Power =01) SCE will keep its current generation plants=20
and other generation assets and commit them to provide power on a regulated=20
cost-of-service basis for 10 years.
? Dedication of Power =01) Edison International will commit the entire output of=20
Sunrise (one of Edison International=01,s non-regulated generating facilities)=20
to the State on a fixed price basis for 10 years. Phase I of Sunrise is to be=20
brought online by August 15, 2001. If not brought online by August 15, 2001,=20
Edison International shall be assessed a $2 million penalty.
? Transmission Sale =01) SCE will sell to the State its transmission assets for=20
approximately $2.76 billion (2.3 times the net book value of the assets),=20
subject to certain adjustments. Of the $2.76 billion, the $1.5 billion gain=20
on sale, will be used to reduce SCE=01,s net undercollected amount as of January=20
31, 2001. In connection with the purchase, the State will also assume certain=20
liabilities associated with the transmission assets.
? Backup Transaction =01) If the transmission sale does not occur within two=20
years for reasons beyond the parties=01, control, then if the State elects, SCE=20
shall sell to the State SCE=01,s hydro generation assets. If the hydro assets=20
are not worth $1.5 billion, then SCE will also sell the state after December=20
31, 2010 enough below-market-price-power to make up the shortfall.
? Conservation Property =01) SCE shall grant perpetual conservation easements to=20
the State covering approximately 260,000 acres of its Big Creek hydroelectric=20
related lands and 825 acres of its Eastern Sierra hydroelectric related=20
lands.  Some of the land may be deeded in fee.
? Contribution by Edison International =01) Edison International will refund to=20
SCE not less than $400 million.  This money will consist of a refund of=20
approximately $293 million in estimated 2000 quarterly tax payments plus=20
approximately $197 million in federal loss carryback tax savings.
? Investment =01) Edison International and SCE will invest not less than $3=20
billion over the next 5 years in capital improvements for SCE.
? Litigation =01) SCE shall dismiss certain claims, including its takings and=20
filed rate doctrine cases.
? CPUC Regulation =01) CPUC shall continue to regulate SCE using historical=20
principles of ratemaking.
? Payment for Portion of QF Drop-off =01) SCE shall pay an amount that=20
represents that portion of the net short from January 18, 2001 to April 1,=20
2001 that is attributable to QF=01,s not selling to SCE (due to SCE=01,s failure to=20
pay the QF=01,s).  SCE will securitize this amount.
? Securitization =01) SCE shall securitize its full net undercollected amount=20
(approx. $3.5 billion).  The securitization shall occur in two tranches (i.e.=20
two different nonbypassable dedicated rate components).
? The first tranche will occur after the passage of legislation and the=20
signing of the definitive agreements and will cover the net undercollected=20
amount, less the gain on sale, plus interest on certain obligations in the=20
net undercollected amount.
? The second tranche would be triggered if the transmission sale does not=20
occur within two years.  Accordingly, the second tranche would not show up in=20
rates for two years, if at all.
? Buying the Net Short =01) The State will be required to buy the net short=20
through December 31, 2002.  After 2002 SCE will be responsible for covering=20
the net short.
? Investment Recovery =01) SCE shall have an authorized rate of return that will=20
not drop below its current rte (11.6%) during the 10 year cost of service=20
ratemaking period.
? Next Steps (Definitive Agreements and CPUC Action):
? Definitive Agreements =01) Once the MOU is signed, the next stage is to=20
negotiate definitive agreements which contain the specific terms of the=20
transmission sale, as well as the specific terms of the various other related=20
agreements (e.g., the O&M Agreement, Transmission Services Agreement and the=20
Facilities Services Agreement).
? CPUC Action =01) Prior to entering into the definitive agreements, the CPUC=20
must undertake certain actions (which include: establishing mechanisms for=20
preapproval of procurement costs and URG costs, deferring SCE=01,s general rate=20
case until 2003, granting SCE some relief from direct access credits and=20
clarifying the first priority condition in the holding company act).
Please forward to Sue Walden and get her ideas.
Carol Ann Brown@MUNICATIONS
08/03/2000 08:49 AM
Steve,
I am having a problem with the drainage in our easements in my neighborhood 
and Kevin Hannon suggested I email you.  I live in Garden Oaks (which is 
located off of the 610 North Loop between Shepherd and Yale near the 
Heights).  Our neighborhood was built in the early 1940's, and the city put 
in open drainage (which is basically ditches in the front of all the 
properties).  Over the past 60 years the drains have filled in and leveled 
which is preventing the water from flowing correctly to the sewers, and this 
in turn causes minor flooding and BIG headaches 
My address is 236 W. 30th Street and the area of 30th Street I am asking the 
city to regrade is between Ashland and Yale (approximately 2,500 feet).  I 
have been calling the City of Houston Public Works Department 713-247-1000 
for about the last 4 years (generally once a month) to ask them to please 
come out and regrade our ditches.  (The Public Works Department only has 
records over the last year because they changed their computer system and 
lost many files including mine.)  For the last year or so I have been 
receiving a more positive response when I call which is: "This is a Code 1 
priority and will schedule as work load allows."  Although this response is 
encouraging, I still feel that my request is falling on deaf ears 
Kevin suggested that perhaps a call or letter to a city council person might 
help expedite this work request.  I would be extremely grateful if there is 
anything you could do to help me and my neighbors 
Carol Brown
Executive Assistant
Office of the Chairman
Enron Broadband Services, Inc.
713.853.7974
713.853.9469 - fax
carol_brown@.net
A few more 
- pauserefreshes.jpg
- niceartlady.jpg
- noparking.jpg
- ouch.jpg
- bad2thebone.jpg
- raceincentive.jpg
- rockclimber.jpg
- sorryflowers.jpg
- touristattraction.jpg
- whichwaytogo.jpg
-Had to share these...SRS
- airolane.jpg
- bombtech.jpg
- fortune.jpg
- hotdog.jpg
- watchp.jpg
- newad.jpg
I talked with Ken yesterday.  He would like to keep David on until May 15 to 
finish up some things he is working on for Ken.
Just out of curiosity, did this ever get resolved?  Apologies if I'm being 
too bold!  SRS
Ken was meeting with him the day before yesterday.  I'm just waiting to hear 
back.
Sherri Sera
03/13/2001 10:07 PM
Just saw the memo about Sanjay, Diomedes and Jim.  Guess David Haug is still 
around? SRS
I agree with Mark's changes and I think the memo is good to go.
Mark Schroeder@ECT
04/10/2001 02:29 AM
John does not want to do that in this memo.  He is leaving that to a=20
Houston-originated memo on EBS in Asia and Europe (we have someone for EBS=20
here now, and are hiring for Singapore, in addition to what is being done=20
today in Tokyo).  thanks   mcs
Joseph P Hirl@
10/04/2001 08:29
Mark,
How do you want to describe the coordination and oversight of EBS reg affairs=20
resources in Japan and Asia?
Joe
Joseph P. Hirl
Enron Japan Corp.
81 3 5219 4500
81 3 5219 4510 (Fax)
www.enron.co.jp
=09Mark Schroeder@ECT
=0904/10/2001 03:54 PM
=09=09=20
1  I have left voice messages for Alfredo, Paul Dawson, and Paul Hennemeyer=20
(but have not heard back from any of the three), and have spoken to Peter=20
Styles and Doug Wodd, so we can go with whatever is agreed.
2  I have made a change as we discussed about geographic responsibility,=20
given my conversation with you that I think it is a bit misleading to only=20
show these people (in many areas) being responsible for "Power", when in fact=20
they are responsible for "Gas", too.  Doug is really responsible for gas as=20
an adjunct to their local efforts, as well as a change to indicate, also as=20
we discussed, that these responsibilites are flexible, in response to=20
changing commercial priorities, as well as the need to support the other=20
Wholesale businesses.=20
mcs
Richard Lewis
09/04/2001 19:17
Paul Dawson covers the coal group as well (any others, Mark?) .  Perhaps=20
these areas should be added.
Richard
John Sherriff
09/04/2001 18:40
Richard Lewis, Eric Shaw, Joe Hirl, Rick Shapiro, Michael Brown
Please review the attached draft org annoucement and send me your comments.  =20
Mark - please let me know once
we have spoken to the five senior managers in your group as we do not want to=20
send this out until either you, Michael or
I have spoken to them about this structure.
Draft
After nearly five years in London, Mark Schroeder will be returning to the US=20
on April 11th to join the North American Coal Business with responsibility=20
for origination in the utility sector.  Under Mark=01,s leadership, his team has=20
made significant contributions towards Enron Europe=01,s =01&first mover=018 advantage=20
and its status as the leading new entrant in the liberalizing pan=01)European=20
energy markets.  We wish him well in his new commercial role.=20
With Mark=01,s departure, the day-to-day management of the Government &=20
Regulatory Affairs Department in Europe will rest with Peter Styles, Paul=20
Dawson, Paul Hennemeyer, and Doug Wood.  Nick O=01,Day will continue in his=20
current leadership capacity in Japan.  Each of these five individuals and=20
their groups will now jointly report to the business heads and to Rick=20
Shapiro, in the Government Affairs team in Houston. Rick Shapiro will=20
continue to manage Government Affairs for the Americas.  While the team=20
members responsibilities will vary from time-to-time in response to shifting=20
commercial priorities, as well as the need to support other Enron Wholesale=20
Services' business units from time-to-time, the general areas of=20
responsibility will be as follows:
Peter Styles, based in Brussels, will continue to have responsibilty for our=20
EU and Netherlands advocacy.   Paul Hennemeyer will lead efforts in the=20
German speaking countries (Germany, Austria, Switzerland) as well as France=20
and Belgium.  Peter and Paul will report to Eric Shaw.  While secunded to the=20
commercial team in France, Philip Davies will address Nordic market issues on=20
an ad hoc basis and also report to Paul on these issues. =20
Paul Dawson will lead our UK, Spain and Italian power regulatory efforts as=20
well as the gas regulatory work in the UK.  Doug Wood will support the=20
Continental Gas team and the Central and Southeastern Europe Origination=20
efforts, while also addressing the UK Climate Change Levy.  Doug's role in=20
gas will continue to be to supplement, and not to supplant, the efforts of=20
each of the team members' geographic responsibilities noted on the=20
organisation chart.  Paul and Doug will report to Richard Lewis locally.
Nick O=01,Day will also continue to report to Joe Hirl in Japan. =20
Other regulatory support provided by Mark Schroder will be addressed in=20
another organizational announcement that will be sent
out from Governmental Affairs in Houston.  Attached is the revised=20
organization chart that now reflects the Governmental & Regulatory Affairs=20
organization in Enron Europe.
John Sherriff & Michael Brown
Per our discussion this morning, below is a summary of items to discuss with 
Glynn:
Adding Enron's "negative CTC claim" to the list of claims: PGE's filing 
included a list of top twenty creditors.  Our negative CTC claim was 
apparently not taken into account in compiling that list.  The list is 
nonbinding, however.  PG&E will be required to file schedules of creditors on 
April 20.  Our negative CTC claim should be on Schedule F (for unsecured 
claims).  You may want to remind Glynn of your previous conversations and 
state our expectation that the negative CTC claim will appear (preferably as 
uncontested) in the April 20 filing. (Note: if PG&E does not include the 
claim we have an opportunity to file a proof of claim and ultimately the 
court determines the validity of the claim).
Including Enron on the Creditors' Committee:  PG&E may have the opportunity 
to influence representation on the creditors' committees.  There are several 
reasons to suggest to Glynn that we be included: 1) we are a big creditor, 2) 
we could be helpful in crafting a broader solution, and 3) we are one of the 
real parties in interest behind the PX and ISO (who were listed as 
significant creditors but are really just "passthroughs" for the suppliers 
... and PG&E likely would not want to have those political bodies serving on 
the creditors committee anyway).
STEVE KEAN
Executive Committee Weekly Meeting
Date:  Monday, April 9th Time:  11:00 a.m. (CDT)
Location: 50th Floor Boardroom
Video:  Connections will be established with remote locations upon request.
Conf call: AT&T lines have been reserved.  Please contact Sherri Sera 
(713/853-5984) 
or Bill Dorsey (713/646-6505) for the weekly dial-in number and passcode.
Please indicate below whether or not you plan to attend this meeting and 
through what medium. 
Yes, I will attend in person ___X____
By video conference from _______
By conference call  _______
No, I will not attend  _______
Please return this e-mail to me with your response by 12:00 p.m., Friday, 
April 6th.
Thank you, 
Bill Dorsey.
Ken & Jeff,
We would like to extend an invitation to you for an event at the Guggenheim 
Museum in New York, honoring the Frank Gehry Exhibit which Enron is 
sponsoring.   Frank Gehry, a celebrated architect whose building appears at 
the end of our Ode to Why commercial, personifies innovation in the way he 
has "asked why," challenging nearly every convention in his field. 
Enron will have a table of 10 at the Trustee Opening Gala Dinner on May 16th, 
with cocktails at 7pm and a seated dinner at 8:30pm.  The Gala starts with a 
private viewing of the exhibition, followed by a seated dinner for 280 people 
in the Rotunda of the museum. Attendees are comprised of Trustees, government 
dignitaries, artists, curators and celebrities 
Several business unit executives are using this forum to take potential 
customers and we would like to know if you are interested in attending. 
Please advise. 
Thanks, Steve
fyi
Karen Denne
04/03/2001 09:12 AM
Attached is the list compiled by Marathon of "influentials" in each of our 
priority legislative districts (this week, we're only focusing on Burton, 
Bowen, Hertzberg, Keeley and Cox).  Please review the list and let me know 
ASAP if you know anyone on the list and would be willing to make calls Thanks. kd
- List of targeted legislators April 2 2001.xls
Susan J Mara
04/03/2001 12:05 PM
Steve and Rick,
EES is considering "re-sourcing" the new customers in SDG&E's area -- because 
of the uncertainty over whether the CA Procurement Charge will apply to those 
customers.  I think this proposed action needs to be evaluated from a 
nationwide perspective -- this has long-term negative implications for 
Enron's credibility in the DA market as a whole.
Sue Mara
Enron Corp.
Tel: (415) 782-7802
Fax:(415) 782-7854
Tell him we are sending his note on to the appropriate person.
MARY 
CLARK 04/03/2001 03:23 PM
Steve, I need your help in responding to this question 
Mary
Anonymous
Since Enron and EBS are trying to cut costs and be more cost effective, why 
would a vice president need an executive computer setup at home?  Especially 
if they already have a laptop (provided by Enron)  they take home every night 
and have taken advantage of the Click at Home program as well.  Since Enron 
has gone through the expense of giving each and every employee the 
opportunity of the Click at Home program, it seems to be a somewhat redundant 
expense of which I might add is unnecessary in my opinion.
I feel it would behoove ALL EMPLOYEES, including executives, to be more 
conscientious of costs and expenses to improve Enron's and EBS' bottom-line How can we ("Enron") be a world leading company if we don't have leading 
world leaders that spend Enron's money as if it were there own.
I think it would be in Enron's best interest to set some guidelines regarding 
expenses such as these.  Just because a person is an executive of the company 
why should be allowed to have anything they want just because they can?
Thank you for your time and the opportunity to express myself.  Especially 
since I am a shareholder also and care where the money goes.
calendar
Enron Energy Services
This e:mail serves as confirmation of the date and time for the meeting 
mentioned below.  Please see details below.
Date:  August 10, 2000
Time:  3:00-5:00pm  (CDT)
Location: EB47C1
Number: 1-800-998-2462
Pass Code 4485103
Thanks ladies for all your help in scheduling this.  I really appreciate 
it 
Note to Lysa Akin:  Lysa, I understand this date and time was not good for 
Paul, but if the opportunity arises for him to call in at some point and 
time, that would be great.
gngr
Enron Energy Services
Rick Shapiro & Jim Steffes would like to schedule a meeting with the 
following people re:Coordinating Government Affairs activiteis with ENA's 
business goals:
David Delaney
John Lavorato
Kevin Presto
Tim Belden 
Rodney Malcolm
Janet Dietrich
Steve Kean
Paul Kaufman
My guess is that we will have to schedule something for late afternoon 
because of the trading schedule.   See below and respond to me with any/all 
of the dates and times that will work 
Thursday, August 10 3:00pm-5:00pm
Friday, August 11 3:00pm-5:00pm
Friday, August 18 3:30pm-5:00pm
Thanks and I wait patiently for your responses.
gngr
No.
Any idea how these guys are finding out where Jeff is going?
Should I try to accommodate this request? 
Thanks,
Joannie
Swathi Kappagantula  Dear Joannie,
Minister Luhut Pandjaitan will be attending the USA
Meeting 2001 in Washington, DC over the next two days.
He has requested a bilateral meeting with Mr.
Skilling, and would like to arrange a time (it is no
problem to find a meeting room here at the Chamber on
either April 4 and 5). If it is easier, you can reach
the Minister's accompanying advisor, Mr. Mani Maren,
directly at the following mobile number:
++62-81-693-0637. Alternatively, please feel free to
call me in order to confirm a meeting time
(++41-79-615-1612). The Minister is available
throughout the day on Wednesday, or early on Thursday
morning.
Thank you for your assistance.
,
Swathi Kappagantula
World Economic Forum
__________________________________________________
Do You Yahoo!?
Get email at your own domain with Yahoo! Mail.
fyi
Jackie Gentle@ECT
04/03/2001 12:34 PM
Mark Palmer has asked me to send you the attached reactive holding statements 
in relation to the above.  It has been signed off by everyone here except 
Michael Brown and John Sherriff, but we do not expect any material changes The result is due mid-morning London time tomorrow and we will advise you of 
the outcome as soon as possible thereafter 
If you have any queries you can reach me tonight on +44 7967 381557.  Thanks.
Margaret Daffin@ECT
03/27/2001 02:37 PM
Steve:  can you please let me have the information I need for Ricardo Charvel?
Many thanks
Margaret
Margaret, I do not support him.  He is a corporate employee under Steve Kean.
Fran
Fran:  In order that I may prepare a "letter of introduction" for Ricardo for 
purposes of a house purchase, here in Houston, can you please let me have the 
following information:
Ricardo's date of hire with Enron Servicios de Mexico?
His current title
Many thanks
Margaret
x55083
Karen:
I got the email through Steve's 
FYI - not sure if you put an "r" on the end of my email address.  I have too 
many letters in my name so it's just mmcvicke@.
Thanks.
fyi
Rosalee Fleming on 04/02/2001 10:52:12 AM
Steve, we have not heard from him.  Vanessa followed up Stelzer's call with 
the letter.
See last question.
Stelzer@aol.com
04/02/2001 08:47 AM
Let me review where we stand for the April 10-11 meeting.
1.  I have spoken with Gavyn and asked him to add to his usual review 
comments on the significance of recent developments for Enron.
2.  I have asked Bill Kristol to do the same.
3.  I have asked Paul Portney to review "the lay of the land" in the 
environmental policy area.
4.  Since we couldn't locate a speaker to address the question of how Enron, 
now larger and more corporate than in the past, can continue to attract the 
best, the brightest (and the oddest?), I have asked Pankaj to give a brief 
talk about what the literature generated by his colleagues has to tell us on 
this subject.
5.  I couldn't get anyone on the "monopoly-too-big-and-powerful" question, 
although I am still trying.
I assume you folks will brief us on California and the national energy supply 
picture. Have we heard from the author of "When Genius Fails"?
Melissa:
Steve has another trip to New York coming up.  He will fly up late afternoon 
on Thurs., April 19.  He speaks at a conference sometime in the morning on 
Friday, April 20.   I plan on flying him back that afternoon (or if you go 
too and want to come back Sat. or Sun - that will work too).
Are you getting excited about your birthday trip coming up?   I bet you both 
can't wait to really get away.
Maureen
I am calling Rob Walls to see if he can attend.
Carol Ann Brown@MUNICATIONS
03/30/2001 02:49 PM
Steve,
Should Jim Derrick be invited to Monday's cost control meeting?  I asked 
Kevin and he told me to ask you.  Suzanne Brown came by today and said that 
his name was brought up at last week's meeting.
Sincerely, 
Carol Brown
Office of the Chairman
Enron Broadband Services, Inc.
713.853.7974
713.853.9469 - fax
carol_brown@.net
Mark also forwarded a voicemail from Doty.  Doty goes into great length about 
his discussions with Gramm (both of them) and professes to have not only a 
good relationship but also the support of the Senator.  At this point, any 
reason not to get the letter prepared for Ken's signature?
Mark Metts/Enron@XGate
04/02/2001 08:10 AM
As a follow-up to Chris's question about Jim Doty and Wendy Gramm.
Mark:  This is the article I mentioned in my voice mail.  For the record, I
have said early and often, that the inter-agency disputes among the
financial regulatory agencies (which the Administration of George H.W. Bush
inherited and did not create, by the way), are unacceptable and must be
avoided.  The Dems, of course, love to get this sort of thing going, as it
enables them to hold hearings on the need for further legislation to
re-regulate. The fact that this President's father came to the White House
in the denouement of a multi-billion dollar savings and loan crisis which he
did not create is also usually forgotten.
As I said in my voicemail and as the attached article confirms, I think
there is no substance to the rumor that Sen. Gramm would be opposed to my
nomination.  As one of the few who contributed generously to his own
Presidential Exploratory Committee in 1995-6, I think I stand in pretty well
with the Senator and we would work well together.  After our last meeting, I
think he would feel the same way.
See last question.
Stelzer@aol.com
04/02/2001 08:47 AM
Let me review where we stand for the April 10-11 meeting.
1.  I have spoken with Gavyn and asked him to add to his usual review 
comments on the significance of recent developments for Enron.
2.  I have asked Bill Kristol to do the same.
3.  I have asked Paul Portney to review "the lay of the land" in the 
environmental policy area.
4.  Since we couldn't locate a speaker to address the question of how Enron, 
now larger and more corporate than in the past, can continue to attract the 
best, the brightest (and the oddest?), I have asked Pankaj to give a brief 
talk about what the literature generated by his colleagues has to tell us on 
this subject.
5.  I couldn't get anyone on the "monopoly-too-big-and-powerful" question, 
although I am still trying.
I assume you folks will brief us on California and the national energy supply 
picture. Have we heard from the author of "When Genius Fails"?
Katie Spencer
Sent by: Brenda Sells
04/02/2001 08:56 AM
1099 information is only produced if an account earns more than $10 in 
dividend/interest income.  Your savings for the year 2000 earned $3.96 and 
you have the free checking account which is non-interest bearing so there 
were no dividends earned on that account.  If you need additional 
information, please contact the Financial Services Department at the credit 
union at 713-853-6902.
Thank you.
calendar.
Also, I would like you to set up a meeting with me, Cindy Olson, Beth Tilney, 
Kelly Kimberly, Mark koenig, Rick Causey, and Rick Buy.  I was thinking the 
easiest way to get us all together would be to get a room at a restaurant for 
6 or 6:30 some evening.  I have contacted Beth and Cindy already, so they 
know what it is about, and I will leave messages for the others.  I just need 
to check schedules for now.
Also,  I think it would be a good idea to have a get together after work once 
a month or so for the Public Affairs organization.  Nothing fancy Cadillac Bar or something similar. . .  spouses and significant others 
invited.  Talk it over with a couple of people in the group and let me know 
what you come up with.
Marie Hejka@ on 08/02/2000 05:51:00 PM
Good afternoon.  Cindy Olson requested a meeting with the following 
attendees.  Would you be so kind as to review their calendars and let me know 
if they are available during any of the suggested meeting times?
Meeting Topic:  Knowledge Management
Meeting Purpose:  Answer the following questions
What is Knowledge Management?  What Knowledge Management efforts are 
established at Enron?  What is the value of a formal approach to Knowledge 
Management?  What is essential to make a Knowledge Management effort at Enron 
a  success?  Is it time to formally establish a KM group?  Is it time to 
inaugurate a person to formally direct Enron KM initiatives?
Attendees: 
Melissa Becker
Philippe Bibi
Rick Buy
Rick Causey
Marie Hejka
Steve Kean 
Jeff McMahon
Cindy Olson
Andrea Yowman
Suggested Meeting Dates and Times:
Thursday - August 17 10:00 -11:00 a.m. or 11:00 a.m. - 12:00 p.m. 
Friday - August 18  8:30 - 9:30 a.m. or 1:00 - 2:00 p.m. or 3:00 - 4:00 p.m.
Monday - August 21 Open (except 11:00 a.m. - 1:00 p.m.)
Thanks for the note.  I am forwarding it on to our analyst and associate 
recruiting program leaders.  We may have already filled the summer spots (we 
also cut  down the number  a bit this year to ensure a higher quality 
experience), but we will be out looking for a large number of permanent hires 
in the Fall.
Severin Borenstein  	03/31/2001 06:00 PM
Dear Steve:
Jim Bushnell and I are teaching a course called "Energy Market Strategies
and Policies" this semester.  The course is cross-listed between the Haas
School of Business and the Energy & Resources Group at UC Berkeley.  The
syllabus for the course is attached.
We have 43 graduate students in the course, most pursuing a masters degree
in business or energy & resources, though there are also a few PhD
students.  These are very smart students -- many of whom already have
experience in the energy industries -- and we believe the course puts them
in a position to immediately contribute to any energy-related organization
that they would join.
Many of these students are interested in either summer or permanent
employment starting as early as May.  If Enron has openings that you would
like to advertise to these students, please send me the job description
(or the URL for it)and I can forward it to the class list.
Jim and I think this is a very strong class, and many of the students are
interested in making a career in either the business or the public policy 
side of
the energy industry.  We're hoping to provide the connections to help make 
sure
they find the best job matches possible.
Sincerely,
Severin
_________________________________________________________________
Severin Borenstein
E.T. Grether Professor of Business
Administration and Public Policy   Director
Haas School of Business              U.C. Energy Institute
University of California             2539 Channing Way
Berkeley, CA 94720-1900              Berkeley, CA 94720-5180
(p) 510-642-3689                     (p) 510-642-5145
(f) 707-885-2508 
Email: borenste@haas.berkeley.edu
WWW 
- EnergyMarketsSyllabus.pdf
Maureen, please schedule some time on my calendar for Littlechild.
Richard Shapiro@
04/02/2001 01:17 AM
I will try to make the time. Thanks.
Mark Schroeder@ECT
03/31/2001 07:16 AM
Can any of you meet with Professor Littlechild on 23 April.  He has a small 
consulting services contract with me, to write on liberalisation of energy 
markets.  his current work is devoted to, among other thins, debunking 
Joskow, et al., on the argument that most of the benefits of liberalisation 
are cpatureed at the wholesale level, and he argues that a 
working/funcitoning retail market, and corresponding contracts market for 
risk management, is paramount to ultimate success (very Enron).  He comes 
across very much as an academic (Jeff Dasovich heard him speak on this 
subject in San Francisco, and he has spoken in Tokyo), and very Staid 
British, but he was electricity regulator in UK for 9 years, and is 
indisputably a top academic, so he carries some status when he speaks.  i 
would hope that all 3 of you could make some time with him, and any toerhs 
you could think of.  Your response/thoughts?   thanks  mcs
Dear Mark
?
I was just talking to Kyran, who mentioned your  impending move back to 
Houston. I shall be disappointed to see you go, but  congratulate you and 
wish you well.? Two things.
1. Any further thoughts on the work we began to  talk about,and envisaged in 
the contract? Or shall I wait to hear from your  successor?
2. We spoke some time ago about a possible visit to  Houston. I shall be in 
DC on Friday 20 April and Austin on weekend of 21/22  April. I thought of 
visiting on Monday 23 April if that would be convenient and  if relevant 
people would be available. My main interest would be Enron thinking  on US 
developments such as retail, California, trading, Pools versus bilateral  
markets, capacity auctions etc. Also Enron global strategy in other  
countries.
?
I gather you're off on holiday now. Enjoy the last  dose of British weather if you 
can.
?
Best wishes
Stephen
Linda - as we discussed, adding a sentence on open access is key.  Also, I 
would delete the sentence about the transmission system not being designed 
for the way it's being used today.
Richard Shapiro
04/02/2001 04:23 AM
It would be nice to get a one sentence mention made of open access just to 
show they care....I say this in part because of Scott Miller's e-mail 
pleading for more focus on this issue. Thanks.
Linda Robertson
03/30/2001 12:31 PM
1.  I am faxing to you a bootleg copy of the draft talking points Ed received 
this morning at the White House energy "messaging" meeting.  These are very 
close hold.   Ed asked that we not circulate these to anyone.  Ed asked us to 
give him feedback of any concerns we have with the talking points (he will be 
giving them comments).  After glancing at the TPs, the obvious missing point 
is open access.  However, I am not sure we should be alarmed about that There really isn't any policy in the TPs.  This is a typical WH message 
document.   Let me know if you think it is imperative to insert open access Also, Ed would like to position us as the coalition leader of the White House 
outreach effort.  Any thoughts? 
2.  I am faxing to you EPSA's summary of the generators meeting with 
Secretary Abraham.  I am glad I did not attend this meeting.  As you will see 
from the summary, there were three parts to the meeting:  a) an exchange of 
policy views, both long and short term, b) discussion of how to maximize 
generator output in Calif; and c) a request that industry participate in a 
DOE reliability group.  I don't see any follow up for Enron, outside of our 
normal course of activities and independent interchange with DOE officials Let me know if you have additional thoughts 
Your understanding was correct.  In light of recent changes in the California 
regulatory environment (eg the recent rate order) I don't think it makes 
sense for us to distribute the document at this time, so you can ignore the 
request.  Thanks
Peter Augustini  	03/29/2001 06:18 PM
Steve: 
Thanks for your note, sorry I missed you.  From your message I think there 
may be some miscommunication between your PR guys and us.  We understood that 
your PR people wanted to reprint the Op-ed and redistribute it to 
as-yet-undetermined people, along with various Enron material.  They also 
wanted to post it on Enron's public web site.
But your message seemed to indicate you just want to post the op-ed on your 
intranet -  for educational use only for your internal folks.  If this is 
correct, we would have no problem with it. In fact, we have posted the op-ed 
on the CERA web page - which is theoretically available to every Enron 
employee for internal use only.  If you want you could just post a link to 
the CERA web site so your people could get direct access to all our research 
on the topic.
If I misunderstood you, and you do want to redistribute the piece to 
third-parties -- that is a much bigger issue because it involves our 
intellectual property and  branding issues.  Obviously, we would need to talk 
some more about this.  I hope this helps.
On a somewhat-related note, we are also getting sucked more and more into the 
California vortex, and being asked to help in areas that are not our 
traditional business, such as expert witness testimony and policy issues While we are not afraid to take a point of view (as you know!) we must 
maintain a neutral and independent posture.  This is sometimes a difficult 
path to navigate, but we are exploring two areas that may also interest Enron:
1. We have examined Joskow and FERC's analysis on the price gouging issue and 
we believe there are several major flaws in their methodologies.  We are 
considering how best to broadcast our assessment, without impinging on our 
core business, or becoming an expert witness.  We think a workshop, similar 
to the Monday event at CERAWeek could work, where we would present our 
findings and issue a report.
2. We are also looking into the economic impact of power outages in the West 
- especially linked to the overall fragile state of the US economy.  This 
would be a collaborative effort with a major economic forecasting firm or 
university.  Again the reults would go to our clients, but could be released 
to a wider audience, and a workshop might help highlight the release.
Please let us know if either topic would be of interest to Enron.  We would 
need to raise funding from various clients to help underwrite the effort but the work would be CERA's independent research and we would stand fully 
behind it.
Hope all is well. ...Peter 
Attached is the resume and interview schedule for Amy Kim's visit to Enron on=20
Tuesday, April 3.
Amy worked at Enron last summer.  She is a very bright young woman. We are=20
looking for a possible fit for her in the Govt. Affairs organization.  Thanks=20
for spending some time with Amy while she's in town.
=20
INTERVIEW SCHEDULE
AMY KIM
Tuesday, April 3, 2001
ROOM
8:30 am=01) 9:30 am  Steve Kean     EB 4799
9:30 am =01)10:00 am  Jim Steffes     EB 4799
11:30 am =01) 1:00 pm  Lunch w/ Sue Nord
1:00 pm =01) 1:30 pm  Rob Bradley     EB 4799
1:30 pm =01) 2:00 pm  Christi Nicolay     EB 3801
2:00 pm =01) 2:30 pm  Harry Kingerski    EB 4799
2:30 pm   Beal's car to airport
eserver@
03/30/2001 12:48 PM
I would hold off for now.  I think, based on our discussion, that Ira might 
be a fit for my organization or EES.  Unfortunately, I am heading out of town 
with my family on the 12th (unfortunate for meeting with Ira , not 
unfortunate for me) and EES has new leadership who is trying to assess the 
state of things before making new senior level hires.  So, let's wait a bit Thanks
Stelzer@aol.com
03/30/2001 09:58 AM
Help -- pls help me to unscramble my calendar.
We had discussed Ira Jolles, now a vp and general counsel of GPU, due to 
resign when its merger is completed and the execs move to some God foresaken 
place in Ohio, or some such state. Ira is smart; innovatived; honorable; very 
knowledgeable about Pa. Nj, NY and Ferc regulation. In short, like no other 
utility executive I have met. He would be perfect for Enron, perhaps 
operating out of one of your offices in one of the states I have mentioned. 
You said that you would set up meetings with the appropriate people in 
Houston, and I propose April 12 -- I would stay over after our meeting and do 
the introductions. PLS let me know that this is ok.
Jeanne:
Thanks for checking about the rooms.  Steve Kean will not be able to attend 
this time.  I checked with our DC office for a replacement and unfortunately 
they couldn't attend either.
Thanks again for checking - I really appreciate it.
Maureen McVicker
Steve Kean's Assistant
"Payne, Jeanne"  	03/29/2001 12:49 PM
Will you be attending the the Adam Smith Dinner May 1-- and the Board
meeting May 2?
If so, will you want a hotel room at the Hyatt Regency on Capitol Hill?
They will be releasing the room block tomorrow.  The hotel is completely
booked with a wait list ... so, tomorrow is D-Day.
just a reminder in case you do need a room.
Thanks for the offer.  I may take you up on it.
Martin Bucknell/ENRON@Xgate
03/27/2001 06:21 PM
Steve, 
Thanks for the meeting today, if you would like me to sit down and go through 
some of the issues and risks associated with the IT elements of the project, 
we can meet and have a more focused discussion. It is always difficult to 
talk through all of the area's when both Philippe and Bill are together. 
Martin
Peter E Weidler
03/26/2001 08:16 AM
Your DC team -  Hillings and then Briggs were instrumental in pressuring the 
Bolivian Government to pass new transportation regulations.  It looks like 
the regulations are 90 % ok - and better than the old ones. -  your team got 
the right pressure points and applied them well.
Thanks
Pete
I'm afraide this leaves too much room to manuever.  Having duties related to 
setting legislative affairs strategy and developing a plan for contacts on 
the Hill, will give Cynthia the idea that she can run all aspects of those 
duties, not just those related specifically to her substantive area.  I think 
it is also worth covering the heavy emphasis on teamwork and supporting, 
rather than directing, others in the organization.
Richard Shapiro
08/02/2000 04:17 PM
Good to go.
Gwendolyn Petteway@
08/02/2000 04:07 PM
See attached email with revised job description for Cynthia Sandherr.
Constance Charles
08/02/2000 04:03 PM
What's this about?  Could you e-mail Dave and I with the background, any 
effect on us, etc.?  Why was Dave on this distribution?
David W Delainey@EES
03/28/2001 08:33 AM
David:
Nice job!  Can you imagine the "fun" someone is going to have if a Region,
say SPP, MAIN, MAPP, WSCC, or FRCC, has a major blackout this summer and the
"loyal opposition" "discovers" that said region has refused to sign an
agreement such as this and not implemented the program required by the
agreement.  That may even constitute "willful neglect."  Wouldn't it be even
worst if the "discovery" showed that the region was not signed because the
region wanted to use it's position as a bargaining ploy? (SPP, FRCC, and
WSCC) Oh no, I sound like a wantabe lawyer!
Mike
Regional Managers
Compliance Task Force
As we discussed on the conference call on Friday, I have prepared a simple
draft letter of intent for the use of those regions who wish to indicate
support for the regional compliance and enforcement program, but are not
yet in a position to sign the Agreement for Regional Compliance and
Enforcement Programs that the NERC Board of Trustees approved on February
13.
For the benefit of those who were not on the call, I'd like to recap where
things stand at this point.  My apologies if I mischaracterize anyone's
position.  NPCC and ERCOT have signed the agreement.  ECAR has stated it
will sign the agreement at the signing ceremony on March 30.  SPP is
prepared to sign the agreement, but doesn't want to be the only one it its
part of the Eastern Interconnection to do so.  FRCC was not on the call,
but has previously stated that it is prepared to sign so long as at least
six regions sign.  MAPP and MAIN have indicated that they prefer to develop
their program with their own members before they sign the NERC
agreement.  WSCC may need to consider the matter at its Board meeting in
early April.  SERC has the matter under consideration.  I have not heard
from MAAC, but it has a meeting scheduling for March 29.
I want to share with you my concern for the climate in Washington.  In the
past few weeks I have had occasion to speak with a number of people on
Capitol Hill and in the new Administration.  All are very concerned about
what might happen this summer.  If a serious incident occurs, I am quite
sure that Congress will legislate very quickly--whether it will legislate
wisely is a different question.  We have the opportunity with this
agreement for the industry to take charge of its own destiny.  If Congress
acts it may well assign a very central role to the Federal government to
take direct responsibility for reliability.  There are those in the
Department of Energy who are pushing for such a role.   Congressman Barton
is talking of the possibility of emergency legislation, possibly within the
next few weeks.  If the industry pulls together, I believe we can forestall
direct governmental controls, just as in 1965.  If the industry does not
step up, then Congress may well assign the responsibility elsewhere.
The CTG recommended to the Board that a critical mass of six Regions sign
onto the agreement before it goes forward.  For those Regions that are
considering developing their own programs with their members before they
sign the agreement, with the view of having the CAPG determine in advance
whether their programs meets the requirements of the agreement, I ask you
to consider this:  If we don't get a critical mass of Regions to sign, then
the CAPG may not come into existence.
The NERC/Regions agreement is really an undertaking by the regions to work
to develop their own regional compliance and enforcement program with their
members.  My request remains that each of the regions sign the agreement by
the March 30 Board meeting.  That will assure that we are able to make the
governance changes that we have all been working for.  If any region is
unable to sign by March 30, then use of the letter of intent would be a way
to demonstrate support for the program.  That may be enough to satisfy
those who have stated that moving forward on the compliance program is a
condition to their support of the governance changes.
Thanks very much for your consideration of the program and all the work
you've put into this transition so far.  Please let me know if you have
questions or if there is anything that we can do from here to be of
assistance to you.
eserver@
03/28/2001 09:55 AM
Steve's on vacation on April 4, 5 & 6.
Would the week of April 16th work?
Linda Robertson
03/27/2001 11:27 AM
I am working with Karl Gallant and Terry Allen (our outside counsel) to set 
up a day of meetings for Steve Kean with Republican Members of the California 
delegation.  Could you give me a couple of target dates?  Does April 4th 
work?  Congress is in recess the week of April 9th.  Thanks
Ursula Brenner
03/23/2001 04:03 PM
Steve,
Jeff is talking at SMU Management Briefing Series on March 27th.  The 
organizers wanted him to talk about his background and career at Enron and 
about where the industry is heading.  The presentation covers this last 
piece.  The audience will be local business people and some SMU students and 
professors (350-400 people)
Jeff already reviewed this presentation.  Please, let me know if you have any 
questions or suggestions.
Thanks,
Ursula Brenner
ENRON CORP.
+1(713)345-3787
This message (including any attachments) contains confidential information 
intended for a specific individual and purpose, and is protected by law.  If 
you are not the intended recipient, you should delete this message and are 
hereby notified that any disclosure, copying, or distribution of this 
message, or the taking of any action based on it, is strictly prohibited. 
Katrina Burton
03/23/2001 03:43 PM
Sent by: Katrina Burton
Alhamd Alkhayat
11/14/2000 04:40 PM
maureen, here is the presentation
simon, can we please get it on cd
steve, good luck
Alhamd Alkhayat
ENRON CORP.
+1(713)853-0315
Terry West
02/09/2001 01:36 PM
Attached are the presentations for the Corporate Staff Group and the 2001 
Goals.  There have been slight modifications to the format.
fyi
Kim Frumkin@EES
03/26/2001 09:30 AM
Steve,
Thank you for participating, once again, in the video for deal central. The 
videos are created, housed and maintained in Beth Tilney's area.
I mentioned to Beth that Corporate may have an interest in sharing/utilizing 
the EES video equipment and expertise. Robert Pearson (our in-house film 
expert) has a masters in video programming, taping, etc. And the good 
news....within the next few weeks, the editing equipment will be fully up and 
running.
Once installed and operational, all in-house produced videos will have the 
look and feel of those created by outside vendors.
Please feel free to contact Beth (ext. 3.5022) if you have an interest in 
exploring this concept.
And thank you again for your participation.
Best-Kim 
Thanks.  I was glad to do it and would do it again... next time my computer 
will work.
I benefitted a great deal from what I heard from the group, especially 
regarding the PRC.
Roger Sumlin
03/23/2001 09:34 AM
Steve 
FYI -- we conducted a post-event survey on opinions about the HR employee 
meeting held last month and the HR management team thought you should know 
that participants rated your presentation very high.
When asked what should be kept the same next time, participants commented as 
follows about your presentation:
"I think a presentation from Corporate HR is of great value."
"Keep the presentations by the officers . . . to talk about the business."
"I liked having other people from ETS/Enron there to better understand the 
big picture and where Enron is going."
"Continue to bring in invited guests to keep the group apprised of Corporate 
activities. I liked the opportunity to hear both Stan and Steve--the field 
staff don't get as many opportunities to hear from corporate management."
"Visits by Steve Kean and Stan Horton. Their perspectives are very good 
Clearly, your participation provided much value to the group and we 
appreciate very much your taking the time to come meet with us and share 
information. 
You should expect that we'll be asking you to come back again!
, - Roger
fyi
Stacey Bolton
03/23/2001 09:56 AM
Wanted to give you brief feedback on our efforts to become the 1st Fortune 
500 Company that has a 100% green headquarters.  We've established a 
company-wide team and a working plan going forward, which includes:
1.  EES commodity team is going to run the numbers for energy commodity for 
facilities and give them a proposal by end of next week.  While facilities 
will not be part of the TX pilot, EES can arrange a financial deal for them 
w/ an option of going physical on 1/1/02.   EES commodity team will also let 
the group know of the offer, in order to structure the REC deal.  Depending 
upon the savings that EES can offer to Facilities, we will determine any 
"headroom" for REC purchases.
Note: It is not necessary for Facilities to sign a commodity deal w/ EES in 
order for the "greening" of the building to go forward.  The RECs can be 
purchased and retired irrespective of the commodity deal with EES.  HOWEVER, 
it would be optimum for Facilities to sign on w/ EES and use the cost savings 
toward purchase of the RECs.  Facilities stated intent to do the latter.
2. Michael Payne and Mike Curry are going to be working on determining a cost 
for the RECs.  Michael initially projected $250,000 per year for the 
requisite number of RECs to retire commensurate w/ the demand of the 
building.  This was at a cost of $8 per REC, which I believe is quite high I think they'll go for a $1-4 dollar range, bringing the cost down to a max 
of $125,000.  There's several ways to slice this end.  We can provide some of 
the RECs from the EWC facility and buy other RECs from the market in order to 
minimize the cost impact of the REC purchases.
3.  Next Thursday we will be able to get more of an exact figure on the 
premium cost for the RECs (ie how much over the cost savings will the RECs 
cost).  We will then need to decide the following:
a. Would Corp/EHS being will to pitch in to cover any additional cost for 
the RECs;
b. Pitching the idea to Skilling for buyoff, and payment for the RECs;
c. Possibly getting buyoff from the business units since this could change 
what they are currently paying for power.
4. We discussed all of the above with Peggy Mahoney, and she asked us to take 
a stab at a comprehensive press release announcing all of the bells and 
whistles on the new building and our being the 1st Fortune 500 company to go 
100% green in our headquarters.   Catherine McKalip Thompson is working on 
the first draft.  We need to determine if we can get the "best" press for 
this commitment (i.e. stories in the WSJ and NY Times).  We determined that 
the message would need to be targeted, specifying the terms of our 
commitment....i.e. Enron makes a commitment for 3 years to provide 100% green 
for its headquarters in Houston, making it the first Fortune 500 company 
to 
The goal is to have a final plan and decision by April 20th when Steve speaks 
to high level executives at a prelude to Earth Day NY on the topic of Energy 
Shock--Crisis or Opportunity: Building Economics and the Environment.
Mike, we'll definitely need your continued support and assistance, 
particularly if this goes to Skilling.  I'll keep you posted on the progress.
Stacey
Stacey Bolton
03/22/2001 10:14 AM
The meeting is confirmed for today at 2:00 p.m. in 50 M03.  There are a 
couple of folks dialing in, and the number is 800-991-9019, passcode: 
6775293#.  I look forward to our discussion.
Stacey Bolton
03/16/2001 05:04 PM
You are invited to a meeting next Thursday (3/22) afternoon at 2:00 to 
discuss energy commodity and renewable energy credits for the Enron Building, 
Center and Stadium.  There are a few efforts that are going on simultaneously 
and I thought it would be a good idea for all of us to meet and get on the 
same page.  As many of you might know, Enron Wind (Michael Payne) and ENA 
(Mike Curry) have a great proposal to retire renewable energy credits from 
our Enron Wind facility to match the consumption of the building and stadium 
(details attached below).  If this proposal goes forward, Enron would be the 
1st Fortune 500 company to "go green" in its headquarters building.  Couple 
this w/ our energy star award, and we have GREAT environmental messaging We'd like to highlight this announcement on Earth Day (April 22nd).
The facilities folks are interested in switching from Reliant to EES for 
actual commodity.  It makes sense to work strategically together on win-win 
proposal that will not only make sense economically, but that we can use in 
our messaging.  The focus of the meeting is to discuss the various proposals, 
and steps for moving forward 
The meeting will be in EB50MO3 from 2:00-3:00. Please let me know if you or 
someone from your group can attend.
Stacey Bolton
Environmental Strategies
Enron Corp
3-9916
Thanks.  Look forward to seeing you.  Sorry I left Jimmy off the note, I know 
he must be doing a good job.
John Ambler@_DEVELOPMENT
03/23/2001 10:11 AM
Steve,
Thanks for sending this note to Wade.  I'm certain that the NYT story is 
infinitely better because of Wade's involvement.  It was a team effort, but 
you should know that Jimmy Mogal also was very involved.  Of course, Wade 
wants to avoid damaging the company and your note helps to keep him up for 
these risky/must do requests.   Along these line,  I'd like to be able to 
give you a brief update on activities and issues.  I'll check with Maureen 
about scheduling 15-20 minutes.
John
I just saw the NYT article.  Nice job.  It's nicely positioned as an issue 
about India's resolve to encourage foreign investment and live up to 
contracts.
calendar
Terri Miller
08/02/2000 01:37 PM
We have now firmed up a time for our discussion with CalPX regarding a 
private exchange on the front end of NEPOOL/ERCOT.
Please plan to attend from 3-5pm on August 29, in room 3125A  in the Enron 
Building. 
Please RSVP to Terri Miller at 603-223-2520 or via e-mail. 
Thank You
Congratulations on your new position!
This all came up rather suddenly, at least as far as I can tell.  If you have 
any interest, I would like to talk to you sometime.
Mary Hain@ECT
03/23/2001 12:24 PM
I am going to be the Senior Regulatory Counsel at ISO New England starting on 
April 9, 2001.   My last day in the Portland area will be March 31, 2001.  I 
enjoyed working with you and wish you the best of everything.  My new address 
will be:
Mary Hain
Senior Regulatory Counsel
ISO New England Inc.
One Sullivan Road
Holyoke, MA  01040-2841
(413) 535-4000
mhain@ISO-NE.com
The revised statement looks good to me.
Catherine McKalip-Thompson@MUNICATIONS
03/23/2001 12:30 PM
Rob,
After reviewing both Lauren's and Jeff's comments, I have little to add.  I 
would, however, replace the last part of Jeff's sentence in the first 
paragraph with "and there is a need to take a comprehensive look at 
strategies for reducing CO2  emissions more broadly, in ways that make 
economic and environmental sense" to avoid mentioning the Kyoto Protocol 
directly.
And, I'd like to reiterate Lauren's suggestion that the article should direct 
employees to our climate change policy statement in last year's EHS Report 
and that Lay encourages them to research and reflect on the issue and 
communicate their thoughts.
Thanks,
Catherine
Catherine McKalip-Thompson
Manager, Environmental Responsibility
Enron Corp.
101 California Street, Suite 1950
San Francisco, CA 94111
Tel: 415.782.7842
Fax: 415.782.7854
Jeffrey Keeler@
03/23/01 08:35 AM
Rob:  Here are my edits below, in bold.  Sorry to re-write so much -- but I 
believe this is consistent with Steve's conversation with Ken, and with the 
media interviews he has given to date, as well as our advocacy on 
multipollutant and climate change.  Jeff
Jeffrey Keeler
Director, Environmental Strategies
Enron
Washington DC office - (202) 466-9157
Cell Phone (203) 464-1541
Rob Bradley
03/23/2001 10:14 AM
(KEELER EDITS)
Here is my draft for Ken in response to Ann's eBiz request.  Comments welcome
"The President, after a good deal of study and soul searching, decided not to 
support mandatory controls on carbon dioxide (CO2) emissions from power 
plants as part of a multipollutant clean air strategy.   His decision was 
based on some very important factors -- the nation's energy markets are 
experiencing unprecedented supply and price challenges that any CO2 mandate 
could exacerbate; and U.S. regulation of CO2 in the near-term could be 
ill-advised because the Kyoto protocol on global treatment of greenhouse gas 
emissions is unworkable in its current form 
"I was somewhat concerned that the message sent by the Bush administration 
would polarize the debate over how the U.S. should treat CO2 emissions in the 
long term, as his statement did provoke a very negative "anti-environment" 
reaction by many concerned individuals and organizations.  Because this is an 
important issue to all parties on all sides of the debate, I believe that the 
administration should convene an ongoing process to carefully examine global 
climate change and all the long-term economic, scientific, and social impacts 
of action regulate CO2 emissions."
"The President's position on CO2 notwithstanding, Enron continue to be a 
private sector leader in offering real solutions towards reducing greenhouse 
gas emissions in a rapidly expanding energy market.  We are well-positioned 
through our experience with low-carbon fuels for electric generation (natural 
gas and wind in particular), our focus on new power generation and 
tecnologies, our leadership position in promoting efficiency through Enron 
Energy Services' energy outsourcing business, and our expertise in emissions 
trading and risk management."
"A multipollutant appraoch to reducing power plant emissions makes a lot of 
sense from and environmental and energy policy standpoint.  Enron will 
continue to work with the Bush administration and Congress toward structuring 
a program that can achieve environmental goals while providing incentives to 
build cleaner, more efficient generation, promoting a broad mix of fuels and 
tecnologies, and giving industry the flexibility and economic incentives to 
make reductions in a market-based, cost-effective way.  If we're able to make 
meaningful reductions in 3 pollutants -- NOx, SO2 and mercury -- and we do it 
in a way that promotes efficiency and new technology, we'll make progress on 
CO2 whether it is regulated or not."
In the meantime, I will remain active in the global climate change debate to 
position Enron as a constructive player in the public policy arena and as an 
industry leader in promoting market-driven solutions to the world's energy 
and environmental problems.
Rosalee Fleming
03/22/2001 11:16 AM
Rob, will you please draft a quote for Ken on these issues.
Ann M Schmidt
03/22/2001 11:04 AM
Hi Mr. Lay,
I am a Specialist in Corp. PR, under Karen Denne, and write for our internal 
eBiz publication.  I am working on a story about the recent issue with 
respect to carbon dioxide emissions and Enron's position compared to 
President Bush's as well as the coal industry 
I know that Bush's viewpoint on this issue is not to regulate carbon dioxide 
emissions from coal-burning power plants. I also understand he based his 
decision in large part due to a recent Department of Energy report that warns 
that such a policy would lead to an even more dramatic shift from coal to 
natural gas for electric power generation and significantly higher 
electricity prices causing problems similar to California 
I wondered if you would mind adding first hand knowledge for employees.  A 
quote from you about this issue would be great.  I would also be interested 
in giving employees some of your reasons for being in favor of controlling 
CO2 such as your idea for a credit trading system for CO2.
Thank you for your time and please let me know if you have any questions 
Thanks,
Ann Schmidt
(x54694) 
David Lugar  	03/23/2001 03:23 PM
Steve, 
Sorry for the delay in tracking down this rumor on a potential ad campaign.
I left a message with Maureen this afternoon and subsequently talked with
Smith's staff person.  She said she was not aware of any ad campaign but she
would talk with the Senator about it when he is back on Monday. 
Have a good weekend and I will call you on Monday.
Dave 
David Lugar
Quinn Gillespie and Associates
202-457-1110
fyi
Jeff Dasovich
Sent by: Jeff Dasovich
03/24/2001 04:26 PM
FYI.
- Notice for gas infrastructure workshop.doc
He could have solved this problem in 20 minutes, right?
Jeff Dasovich
Sent by: Jeff Dasovich
03/25/2001 12:40 PM
Power Hogs May Get Hit In Pocketbook 
Davis favors tiered rate increases 
David Lazarus, Chronicle Staff Writer
Sunday, March 25, 2001 
,2001 San Francisco Chronicle 
URL: 
N30195.DTL 
Gov. Gray Davis, faced with the near inevitability of raising consumers' 
electricity bills, is leaning toward a rate system whereby those who use more 
power pay more than those who conserve, The Chronicle has learned. 
Sources close to the governor said he is being lobbied by his own staff 
members to accept a so-called structured rate system. 
Top officials from his own administration told lawmakers Friday that the 
state may end up spending more than twice the $10 billion previously 
estimated to purchase power on behalf of California's near-bankrupt 
utilities. 
If so, the officials warned that consumers' electricity rates could double. 
In the case of Pacific Gas and Electric Co., this would mean customers' 
average monthly power bills would rise from $60 to $120. 
Consumers throughout the Bay Area believe that at least some increase is on 
the way. 
"We're going to have to bite the bullet and pay the money," said Larry 
Webster, a retired Caltrans worker in Redwood City. "We might as well admit 
that electricity is no longer a nickel. It's a dime. If you're going to use 
it, 
let's pay for it Steve Maviglio, a spokesman for the governor, distanced himself yesterday 
from estimates that rates would double. The figures reported in the press, he 
said, "were wildly high "The governor still believes he can live within the existing rate structure, 
" Maviglio said. "Until we know the results of the negotiations with the 
utilities, you can't conclude anything The state is negotiating a multibillion-dollar bailout package with PG&E and 
Southern California Edison Co. to relieve the utilities of about $13 billion 
in debt. 
PG&E and Edison have been saying for months that there is no way California 
can overcome its current energy woes without higher rates. The irony of the 
Davis administration now saying the same thing was not lost on the two 
companies. 
"The state is in the exact same position the utilities were in last fall said John Nelson, a PG&E spokesman. "Either wholesale prices need to come 
down or retail prices need to go up. The disparity is too large Statewide blackouts last week drove home the precariousness of California's 
energy situation to ratepayers -- and may have served as a blessing in 
disguise for the governor. 
COST VS. OUTAGES
If given a choice between further outages and paying higher rates, many 
consumers said they would accept increases in their power bills. 
"I don't like either choice," said Janet Leroux, facing the possibility of a 
gooey mess if the air conditioning goes out at her downtown San Francisco 
candy store. "But I guess I'd go with higher rates. I sure didn't like the 
blackouts Publicly, the governor has been insisting for weeks that rates will stay 
within "the existing rate structure" -- a stealthy way of saying that 
January's 9 percent increase and an expected 10 percent increase next year 
will remain in place. 
But privately, he and his staff are discussing additional rate increases that 
could be spread over as long as 10 years, sources said. 
Utility executives and power generators told The Chronicle last week that a 
minimum 30 percent rate increase lasting up to a decade is in the cards. 
"For the good of California, it's inevitable," said Gary Ackerman, executive 
director of the Western Power Trading Forum, a Menlo Park energy industry 
association. 
Sacramento resident John Hax observed that when temperatures soar in the 
Central Valley this summer, he'd be more than willing to pay a higher price 
for power if this keeps the air conditioners on. 
"It's like gasoline," he said. "I don't like paying higher prices for 
gasoline, but that's the price of doing business Ratepayers draw the line, though, at any increase topping 10 or 20 percent. 
"If it was 20 percent, I'd probably do it," said Tracy resident Mark 
Dougherty. "But if it was more, like 50 percent, I'd rather go with rolling 
blackouts "I'd rather have blackouts," agreed Jenny Soghomonian, owner of a shoe- 
repair shop in San Francisco's Financial District. "I don't want to pay rates 
that are so much higher NOT EVERY COST PALATABLE
This is the tightrope that state officials and industry players now find 
themselves walking: While consumers may be willing to pay more to avoid 
blackouts, they aren't willing to swallow virtually any cost thrown their 
way. 
Yet if rates are not high enough, they may not prevent daily blackout threats 
this summer and beyond. 
"Higher rates are the price signal that it takes for conservation," said Tom 
Higgins, senior vice president of Edison International, parent company of 
Southern California Edison. 
Simply put, he meant that most consumers will not aggressively conserve 
power, and thus alleviate shortages, unless there is a financial incentive to 
do so. 
Rebates proposed by the governor have met with only a lukewarm response, 
requiring, critics say, too much effort on the part of individual ratepayers. 
But a sudden spike in monthly power bills almost certainly would prompt 
widespread conservation measures. 
"It adjusts consumer behavior," Higgins said. "People want to get their bills 
back down RATES' EFFECT ON USAGE
He and other industry sources said higher rates are perhaps the only way 
Californians will achieve the 10 percent conservation goal sought by the 
governor -- a move seen as vital if blackouts are to be avoided this summer. 
"It's intellectually dishonest to think there's any other way out of this Higgins said. 
Consumer activists' initial reaction to any talk of a rate increase comes 
across loud and clear: No, no, no. 
"No bailout. No rate increases. No secret deals," said Harvey Rosenfield, 
head of the Foundation for Taxpayer and Consumer Rights in Santa Monica. "We 
need to get back to a regulated system Rosenfield is the biggest fly in the governor's ointment. He has threatened 
to push through a ballot initiative re-regulating California's power market 
if Davis cannot find a consumer-friendly way out of the current fix. 
Because of Rosenfield's past success in writing a ballot measure on insurance 
rebates, which delivered about $800 million to consumers, his threat is taken 
seriously in Sacramento. 
"We've paid too much already," Rosenfield said. "A fair price is what we were 
promised by deregulation, which was a 20 percent rate decrease However, when he was asked whether there was any room to discuss a structured 
rate increase such as the idea being promoted by the governor's staff, 
Rosenfield toned down his characteristic rhetoric. 
"Big users should pay more," he said after a moment's reflection. "I'm open 
to a tiered system but only if it's fair Rosenfield quickly added that he would have to see how other consumer 
advocates felt about the matter before agreeing to negotiate such things with 
Davis. 
MOVE TOWARD STRUCTURED RATES
Clearly, though, momentum is building toward a system of structured power 
rates, which probably would include increases of varying sizes for consumers. 
The California Public Utilities Commission is scheduled to address January's 
9 percent rate increase on Tuesday. That increase originally was given only a 
three-month duration, but most observers expect it to be renewed for at least 
another three months, if not longer. 
PUC President Loretta Lynch declined to comment on the likelihood of rates 
going up but added her voice to those backing a structured system. 
"I am a fan of restructuring rates to exempt conservation," she said. "People 
who use a whole lot of power should pay more The biggest electricity customer in the state is the state itself, now that 
California is purchasing power on behalf of its cash-poor utilities. The 
state already has spent about $4 billion buying electricity and has yet to 
determine how the cash will be recouped from consumers. 
San Francisco resident Rosita Magee accepts that for California to find its 
energy footing once more, rates will probably be heading up. "That way, you 
have more convenience and electricity, more stability," she said. 
But Magee has come up with another solution, one that doesn't involve rate 
increases and rolling blackouts. 
She's moving to Texas. 
Chronicle staff writers Matthew Stannard and Pia Sarkar contributed to this 
report. / E-mail David Lazarus at dlazarus@sfchronicle.com. 
,2001 San Francisco Chronicle ? Page?A - 1 
Eva Hoeffelman@ECT
03/23/2001 06:43 AM
Steve, Mark and Meredith,
Please find below some emails between EFET (European Federation of Energy 
Traders) and myself.  We have helped them to find out which German 
journalists the German gas incumbent, Ruhrgas, has sent to California this 
week.  We found out about that yesterday.  I have now passed on that list some general PR recommendations and EFET will now take the lead on this (they 
will send out an EFET position paper on California and have a spokesperson 
available especially for California - he's not Enron 
Just wanted to make sure you are aware because it could be possible that 
people will come to us for further comment.  The general consensus now is 
that we then refer them to EFET.
Thanks
Eva
Eva Hoeffelman
03/23/2001 12:35 PM
Jan,
Please  see below a summary of the journalists who will be returning this 
weekend from their trip to California courtesy of Ruhrgas. 
Up to you now to send them the EFET position paper on California.  Would 
suggest you try to get it on their desk by Monday morning latest, if 
possible.  Would also send it to those who have refused to go and other key 
contacts we have given to you.  Media seems to be keen to know EFET's 
position on this.  Let me know if you need translation of the personalised 
note that will accompany the position paper. Obviously, we will divert any 
requests we get to you. Will get their email addresses to you later so you 
can email it to them rather than fax it with the possibility they will get it 
too late. 
Good luck.
Groet
Eva
Christina_Mueller@de.cohnwolfe.com on 03/23/2001 12:09:08 PM
Eva,
I've finished my guerilla-PR-job, here are the results:
Ruhrgas has invited the Nordrhein-Westfalen (region where Essen is located)
-based correspondents of the national dailies and also the energy
journalists of the most important business magazines.
Journalists in Califonia:
-Werner Sturbeck (FAZ - Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung)
-Werner Jaspert (S_ddeutsche Zeitung)
-Dr. J_rgen Frech (WAZ - Westdeutsche Allgemeine Zeitung
-Jochen Schuster (Focus)
Journalists that had been invited but refused:
-Dr. Andreas Wildhagen (Wirtschaftswoche)
-Hans-Willy Bein (Financial Times Deutschland)
-Die Welt
I also got the information that Ruhrgas held a press conference yesterday
in California. So we can expect the first articles on California tomorrow
or latest on Monday. I also will do an additional internet monitoring (for
example WAZ, which we don't read daily) this afternoon to see if there are
already some articles.
We should recommend EFET to send their statement not only to those
journalists who have been on the press trip but to all key contacts. Most of
the journalists I spoke to or colleagues from the newsdesk seem to be keen to
know what EFET has to say about the California issue 
Please let me know if you need further information!
,
Christina M_ller
Cohn & Wolfe Public Relations GmbH & Co. KG
Kleyerstrasse 25, D-60326 Frankfurt am Main
Telefon (069) 7506 1503, Telefax (069) 7506 1528
christina_mueller@de.cohnwolfe.com
www.cohnwolfe.de
Please see the attached memo.
Attachments:
Please see attached.
I just saw the NYT article.  Nice job.  It's nicely positioned as an issue 
about India's resolve to encourage foreign investment and live up to 
contracts.
I heard you were a big hit.
Leslie Lawner
03/20/2001 08:45 AM
Becky and I attended FERC's gas marketing affiliate conference last week Non-affiliated competitors continue to build straw men and describe abuses 
with no real evidence to back them up (the funny money argument and capacity 
hoarding are two examples.  The funny money argument assumes marketing 
affiliates will bid above market rates for capacity because they excess 
payment is going to the corporate bottom line.  Hoarding capacity to drive up 
price  may be an issue, but it is not a marketing affiliate issue, as anyone 
can do it). FERC staff did not seem terribly sympathetic to the points made, 
but at least one FERC staffer seemed to believe that one solution would be to 
require the pipelines to offer capacity in smaller blocks to let smaller 
entities put together bids.  FERC also indicated they were in fact auditing 
compliance, but in a non-public way.
There were some concerns voiced which I agree with and there is an 
opportunity to file additional comments on Apr. 30.  I would like to put the 
following in these comments:
Evidence of affiliate abuse/preference is just not there.  The best folks can 
do is make up stuff.
We welcome FERC monitoring if that is needed to bring confidence to the 
marketplace that abuse is not occurring.  But the issue is really whether we 
do have a crisis of confidence or merely a bunch of disgruntled competitors 
who are just seeking to neutralize the affiliated competitors).
The FERC rules and the information reported (with a caveat) under those rules 
are adequate for detection and enforcement and deterrence.
That said, the definition of marketing affiliate should be expanded to 
include affiliated electric generators, who are siting plants along affiliate 
pipelines.
The pipeline 637 reporting and internet systems should allow users to 
download and manipulate transportation related data, which is not currently 
the case.
We also need to address a deal on Northern where ENA took capacity at a 
discount, albeit after other parties had an opportunity to match our bid This was a deal brought up in the conference.
Let me know how this sounds. Thanks.
Hey -- you're talking about our future President!  I am soooo looking forward 
to my next Biennial Resource Planning proceeding.
Richard Shapiro
08/02/2000 10:55 AM
I'm so glad that our guy, Grey Davis, was elected so that he can un-do what
little advancement was made in that horrible idea of letting markets work.
The conversation was very positive (Glynn did not know anything about it at 
first, but, looked into it and called Ken back Friday evening).  Glynn said 
they were including the amount owed in their negotiations over the price for 
the transmission assets and said they intended to pay all of their debts, 
including this one, as soon as they get paid.  He said that this weekk would 
be focussed on finalizing a deal for SCE given the threat of bankruptcy; the 
discussions would then turn to PG&E.
Jeff Dasovich
Sent by: Jeff Dasovich
03/14/2001 07:03 PM
Steve:
Jim mentioned that Ken Lay was trying to talk to Glynn today about getting 
the PX credit issue resolved.  Any progress made?
Best,
Jeff
Christie Patrick@ECT
03/15/2001 10:02 AM
Friends,
The statute should be reviewed by whichever lawyer is supporting the project. 
As I mentioned to Alice Weekley, I am unfamiliar with the recent amendments 
referenced requiring the notice for projects that do not actually cross 
reservation property. The amendment does not surprise me though. 
In the past, for example, during the Transwestern expansion in '91, we 
developed a comprehensive NAGPRA plan with tribes whose reservations we 
crossed, yet neighboring tribes were included--the thinking by the various 
State Historic Preservation officers was that unearthed remains (bones, 
funerial objects, pottery pieces, holy objects, etc) may have belonged to 
tribes other than those from whose reservation they were ultimately 
unearthed.  It made for a VERY VERY long and complicated plan and 
consultation process....not only when objects were unearthed, but simply 
putting the required anticipatory plan and procedures in place PRIOR to 
construction.  (It gives me a chuckle: my late husband, Leonard Hilton, who 
was in charge of the TW project, is likely rolling in his own grave at the 
mere thought of Enron having to put another of these plans 
together..Haha!!)   As I said, I've not read the amendment , but hopefully it 
only legally requires 'notice'---yet, in my nearly 20 years of practicing 
law, I've rarely seen  a 'notice' that didn't crack the door or sound the 
alarm of further buerocratic opportunity!
For your further information, I have met Billie Ray Cypress personally and 
he's a decent and seemingly reasonable guy with a huge casino on the rez yet these personal attributes frequently go by the wayside when it comes to 
'perceived economic opportunity  Chief James Billie,[chief of the Seminoles, 2nd largest/2nd wealthiest tribe 
in North America] on the other hand, is shrewd in business, dictitorial in 
management, and personally , has an ego bigger than Texas, behavior to match, 
and is proud of it!! --which makes him a ton of fun to be with if he likes 
you--he wrestles alligators, writes rock and roll and "plays"in whatever 
stage opportunity is presented him--as long as he can be the center of 
attention.  The Seminoles have not only a tribal web site, James Billie has 
his own!!  Check it out--it's a hoot!!  He has been chief for about 25 years 
(and I'm guessing he's maybe in his early 50's).  The Seminoles have 
recognized significant economic development under James, but he is definitely 
a "My way or the highway" kind of guy--he loves you, hates you, or ignores 
you--and he has a tribal council that is respectfully terrified of him. If 
any activity smacks of anything James Billie doesn't like, he'll know no 
limits in stopping it...remember, this guy wrestles alligators!! No Joke!
I don't recognize the other names on the list, but I think it's clear from 
both the beurocratic issues, as well as the specific tribal issues incident 
to each affected tribe, everything associated with the process should be 
executed with all of this in mind.  I'd be happy to speak with the project's 
lawyer to discuss this further, if information beyond that set forth above 
would be helpful.
Thanks!
--Christie.
roger_w_gunther@urscorp.com
03/15/2001 08:32 AM
Alice:
Janus Research sent the enclosed letters to me;  I understand that they
have been modified per your discussions with them.  Also enclosed is a
summary document outlining recent revisions to Section 106 (National
Historic Preservation Act).
,
Roger
(See attached file: Section 106 regs (1).doc)(See attached file: Fred
McGhee 3-7-01.doc)(See attached file: James Billie 3-7-01.doc)(See attached
file: Jerry Haney 3-7-01.doc)(See attached file: R. Perry Beaver
2-7-01.doc)(See attached file: Billie Cypress 3-7-01.doc)
- Section 106 regs (1).doc
- Fred McGhee 3-7-01.doc
- James Billie 3-7-01.doc
- Jerry Haney 3-7-01.doc
- R. Perry Beaver 2-7-01.doc
- Billie Cypress 3-7-01.doc
Ginger Dernehl
03/15/2001 10:29 AM
gngr
713-853-7751
Robert Frank
03/15/2001 09:07 AM
Ginger - please forward this to all of GA.  Thanks.
This is a request for help from my colleagues in GA.  I am preparing Enron's 
comments to the Federal Trade Commission concerning the results of different 
"regulatory approaches" by states implementing retail electric competition 
programs or legislation.  The FTC has invited comments on a number of 
specific issues, but their goal is to "examine various state retail 
competition programs and describe those features that have resulted in 
consumer benefits and those that have not yielded consumer benefits 
There are some obvious areas where we'll comment - California - but I'd 
appreciate people sending me specific examples of good or bad regulatory 
policies in other states.   Also, does anyone know of any good reports or 
analyses already prepared on these issues?   Thanks.  -Bob 
The quotes are accurate, but I did not say California does not have a supply 
problem.
Mark Schroeder@ECT
03/19/2001 06:04 AM
Steve - FYI, and presumably they misquoted you on the problem (at least in 
California) not being a function of indaequate capacity (it is one of the 
root causes we have been pointing to over here, among others).   mcs
Katy Lomax
15/03/2001 16:31
Please find attached the following article/s:
"Missing the goal" - Financial Times Deutschland
Kind Katy Lomax
keep sending the message board quotes.  Sometimes when I open them I have 
trouble locating the specific quote (other times I'm taken right to it).  Do 
you imbed the URLs differently?
How about inserting the attached (after the explanation about the 
relationship between New Power and Enron)?
Binky Davidson@EES
03/15/2001 05:35 PM
Mark Muller sends the attached for your information and comments.
The memo going out on Monday discusses the corporate policy committee briefly=20
at the end.  The corporate policy committee does the MD PRC (evaluation of=20
MDs and promotions to MD), reviews the recommendations of the other=20
committees (which we are just now forming).  Additionally, the corporate=20
policy committee met to determine the membership and charters of the other=20
committees (including the PRC committees).  The corporate policy committee is=20
comprised of the most senior executives, including the Office of the=20
Chairman, the leaders of the four business units and the heads of the=20
corporate functions.  In addition to the specific items mentioned above, the=20
corporate policy committee was intended to discuss and resolve the major=20
issues facing the company, including issues of strategy, personnel and=20
challenges facing the company. =20
The corporate policy committee has met three times so far, so not much=20
history yet.  Perhaps as further pronouncements issue from this august body,=20
we will make more of a point about where they came from.
=09Mary Clark
=0903/15/2001 05:36 PM
=09=09=20
Steve, please briefly describe what the policy committee does so we can=20
respond to this employee question.  Thanks.  Mary
Mary Clark
03/07/2001 10:11 AM
Sherri and Rosie:  The Enron Policy Committee is a new name for Enron=20
employees.  Perhaps, we should have stated what the committee does for those=20
employees who forget what they read or who do not read their emails.  Too=20
late for this one.  I will get Steve to give me a short description.
Mary
=20
=09
=09
It's not like we've sent out a lot of memos about the corporate policy=20
committee, but this guy hasn't read the ones that did go out!  SRS
Anonymous
Dear Office of the Chairman,
Could I beg your indulgence for just a few minutes please?  I=01,m guessing this=20
is good news for Dave and John.  But, what does the Corporate Policy=20
Committee do?  Aside from the board, are their many other executive level=20
committees?
I suppose that as a Senior Director, and +5year employee, that I should know,=20
however I can=01,t recall hearing about these groups before.
,
Richard.
We are pleased to announce that Dave Delainey and John Sherriff are joining=20
the Enron Corporate Policy Committee.
With these additions, below is a current listing of Corporate Policy=20
Committee members.
=20
Cliff Baxter
Rick Causey
Dave Delainey
Jim Derrick
Andy Fastow
Mark Frevert
Kevin Hannon
Stan Horton
Steve Kean
Ken Lay
Lou Pai
Ken Rice
John Sherriff
Jeff Skilling
Greg Whalley
Binky Davidson@EES
03/15/2001 05:35 PM
Mark Muller sends the attached for your information and comments.
eserver@
03/16/2001 08:31 AM
Drop the first comma in the first sentence of the third paragraph.  Otherwise 
good to go.
Mark Frevert/ENRON@Xgate
Sent by: Nicki Daw/ENRON@Xgate
03/16/2001 08:42 AM
Please find attached draft announcement for your review and comment.
I would like to release this on Monday (March 19th).
Thanks
Mark
Mary -- see attached
Stacy Guidroz@_DEVELOPMENT
09/22/99 09:36 PM
The following is a message from Sanjay Bhatnagar:
Organizational changes in India (South Asia) Region which includes India, 
Bangladesh and Sri Lanka.
The team is lead by Sanjay Bhatnagar, CEO.  Wade Cline has joined the team as 
the Chief Operating Officer.  Other management appointments include:
(1) Bobby Farris will lead all development efforts in the region
(2) Raj Thapar will lead the M&A efforts 
(3) Bangladesh will continue to be managed by David Howe who will report in 
to Bobby Farris
(4) P. Sreekumar leads up the accounting function as Chief Accounting Officer 
assisted by Carol Hoes  in Houston
(5) Neil McGregor heads up the Dabhol Power Company as its President and 
reports directly into   Sanjay and Wade
(6) Communication is currently being lead by Sanjay
(7) Ranabir Dutt leads the Finance Team
Tim
I enjoyed meeting with you too.  As I mentioned, I thought your answers were 
thoughtful, well stated, and accurate.  In our line of work it helps to 
triangulate using others' insights and I found yours particularly useful.
Dear Steve and Rick,
Thank you very much for inviting me to Houston yesterday to discuss Enron's
Federal Government Affairs position.  Your vision of the role for the Enron
Washington office fits closely with my views on what a best-in-class
Washington operation should offer, and it was helpful to learn more about
Enron and its business units.  Enron is clearly an exciting place to work,
and the fact that public policy is so vital to the company's future makes
the Washington position particularly attractive.
It was a real pleasure to meet you yesterday, and I look forward to hearing
from you again.
Sincerely,
Tim Richards
Timothy J. Richards
GE International Law & Policy
1299 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW; 1100W
Washington, DC  20004
Phone: 202-637-4407   Home: 202-882-3385
Fax:     202-637-4300
looks good.
Rosie, you may want to include this in ken's file for the toronto trip
Eric Thode
03/16/2001 08:56 AM
I sent this to Rick Shapiro and Mark Palmer as well.  This is an ad created 
for use in the Ontario market and would include the logos of the signatory 
companies (rather than individual signatures).Aleck Dadson worked with GPC on 
its creation.  It is part of the total plan, which includes Ken Lay's visit 
to Toronto April 4 to meet with media and government leaders.
Give me your thoughts.
Eric
Eric:
As requested by Aleck Dadson, please find attached a copy of an open letter
to the Premier of Ontario which we are proposing be placed as an ad in the
National Post and the Globe & Mail next week. It is our intention to have
the letter signed by a group of energy stakeholders including Enron,
TransAlta, ATCO, Toronto Hydro, Mississauga Hydro, Dynegy, The Toronto Board
of Trade, The Ontario Chamber of Commerce, the Independent Power Producers
Society of Ontario, etc.
Sasha Jacob
GPC International
sjacob@gpc.ca
Ph:  (416) 598-0055
Fx:  (416) 598-3811
www.gpcinternational.com
This email message has been swept by MIMEsweeper
for the presence of computer viruses
Ce courrier a fait l'objet d'un balayage antivirus au moyen
du logiciel MIMEsweeper
- Open Letter.doc
Hap -- could you provide a response and get it to Meredith.  I'd like to 
correct this.
Joannie Williamson
03/16/2001 09:20 AM
Thought you would like to see.
Joannie
Jeff,
I was recently skimming the Enron news articles on Yahoo Finance and saw this 
one published in Red Herring about the sad demise of the renewable energy 
business in California:
00001
I thought the article was reasonable until I got to a certain part about the 
impact that recent high prices have had on these companies and Enron was 
mentioned in a rather improper light, in my opinion.  Below is a short 
excerpt from the article with a particular sentence highlighted concerning 
Enron:
"Proponents of renewable power viewed California's deregulation as flawed 
from the onset three years ago. Still, they anticipated that with adequate 
publicity millions of consumers could be persuaded to switch from the 
traditional power supply, which comes mainly from the more polluting fossil 
fuels and nuclear power, and that the demand would spur supply. The number of 
producers and retailers getting into the green market would then only grow as long as the big utilities didn't interfere.
That's what almost happened. Over the last three years, retailers like Green 
Mountain Energy and Utility.com bought green power already available in 
California and started to invest in building their own renewable energy 
generators, like windmill farms and large solar-panel assemblies. Still, for 
all the optimism and effort, only about 200,000 customers -- less than 1 
percent of the 8.5 million households that had the option of switching 
providers -- chose to support them. Many of those were swayed by a 
deregulation-mandated credit of 1.5 cents per kilowatt hour for consumers who 
switched. When natural gas prices were high, the credit actually represented 
a real savings. Historically, environmentally conscious consumers have paid a 
penny or two more per kilowatt hour for renewable energy, along with an 
average monthly surcharge of $5.
Then, last fall, the fledgling industry started to crumble. Energy 
wholesalers like Enron (NYSE: ENE) and Calpine (NYSE: CPN) responded to a 
rising demand for energy by raising their prices from 6 cents per kilowatt 
hour to as much as $1.50. Green retailers had trouble getting credit to buy 
power. Many chose to drop out of the market rather than have to charge a 
price that was less than their cost. When the energy crisis hit, many green 
consumers' bills more than doubled."
In light of the recent e-mail that was sent out, I thought that I would bring 
this to your attention as it may warrant a response to bring clarity that 
Enron does not raise prices, it transacts in a market where prices are set by 
supply and demand.  The average person reading this could very easily come to 
the conclusion that Calpine and Enron broke the back of the renewable energy 
companies, which is clearly not the case.  Nonetheless, thought you might 
find this of interest.
Chris Hilgert
Enron Americas
Enron Compression Services
eserver@
03/16/2001 09:59 AM
Can we also get something in the stip that limits the market making activity 
or at least promises a reexamination of the scope of the market making 
activity after some period of time.  Also, can we strengthen the language to 
give us something beyond simply a right to file  -- which is a right we have 
anyway.
James D Steffes
03/16/2001 03:34 PM
Attached is the proposed Stip to allow PJM to move forward as an RTO.
In the Stip, we argue that PJM should be approved by FERC but condition our 
acceptance on a FERC process to unify the Northeast markets.
My only comment is to delete the final WHEREAS paragraph on congestion 
management 
While our ability to later stop PJM from being an RTO is limited, I believe 
that this gives us the ability to drive a consolidation of the Northeast 
markets - which is one of the goals of the East Power desk.
In addition, I think that the overall direction of PJM in commercializing its 
software is a good activity for our interest - even if we don't want 
everything in their package.
Sarah is out until Monday when we need to get back with PJM.
Jim
Sarah Novosel
03/16/2001 11:33 AM
Here's Craig's address:
glazec@pjm.com,
Stacey Bolton
03/16/2001 05:04 PM
You are invited to a meeting next Thursday (3/22) afternoon at 2:00 to 
discuss energy commodity and renewable energy credits for the Enron Building, 
Center and Stadium.  There are a few efforts that are going on simultaneously 
and I thought it would be a good idea for all of us to meet and get on the 
same page.  As many of you might know, Enron Wind (Michael Payne) and ENA 
(Mike Curry) have a great proposal to retire renewable energy credits from 
our Enron Wind facility to match the consumption of the building and stadium 
(details attached below).  If this proposal goes forward, Enron would be the 
1st Fortune 500 company to "go green" in its headquarters building.  Couple 
this w/ our energy star award, and we have GREAT environmental messaging We'd like to highlight this announcement on Earth Day (April 22nd).
The facilities folks are interested in switching from Reliant to EES for 
actual commodity.  It makes sense to work strategically together on win-win 
proposal that will not only make sense economically, but that we can use in 
our messaging.  The focus of the meeting is to discuss the various proposals, 
and steps for moving forward 
The meeting will be in EB50MO3 from 2:00-3:00. Please let me know if you or 
someone from your group can attend.
Stacey Bolton
Environmental Strategies
Enron Corp
3-9916
=09Daniel Casse  =0901/05/2001 06:01 PM
=09=09=20
Apparently I forgot to attach the material referred to in this morning's=20
=09Daniel Casse  =0901/10/2001 01:27 AM
=09=09=20
Steve 
here is another installment on the continuing California story.  There is
another cartoon idea here.  I am ready to get our cartoonist rolling, but
let me know if you like this or the previous idea.
--
Daniel Casse
White House Writers Group
615-297-5999
615-297-5908 (fax)
- Jan9humor.DOC
=09Daniel Casse  =0901/12/2001 11:26 AM
=09=09=20
here are a few more items
--
Daniel Casse
White House Writers Group
615-297-5999
615-297-5908 (fax)
- Jan12humor.DOC
=09Daniel Casse  =0901/16/2001 03:27 PM
=09=09=20
Attached is some more humor based on California events
--
Daniel Casse
White House Writers Group
615-297-5999
615-297-5908 (fax)
- January16humor.DOC
=09Daniel Casse  =0901/23/2001 01:56 PM
=09=09=20
Observations on the California Electricity Crisis
White House Writers Group
January 23, 2001
Will the last business to leave California please turn out the lights.
Oh wait, they?re already out.
California Governor Gray Davis may ultimately prove responsible for the=20
dimming of more lights than Frank Sinatra music.
California has done for energy deregulation what Florida has done for=20
elections.
California Governor Gray Davis says he?ll appoint a "power plant czar" to=20
help solve the state?s energy crisis.  There must be a sign on his desk=20
saying, "The buck stops here=06?just long enough for me to pass it to someone=20
else."
During the current energy crisis in California, the spotlight shines on=20
Governor Gray Davis=06?so long as it?s not knocked out by rolling blackouts,=20
that is.
Gray Davis was shocked when told about the "doomsday scenario."  Not the one=20
from Pacific Gas & Electric which envisions California power blackouts=20
lasting 12 hours a day, the one from his aides saying he might lose the=20
governor?s race in 2002.
California politicians have learned what thieves have known for a longtime. =20
It?s easier to pick someone?s pocket in the dark.
California is talking conservation.  One good conservation measure would be=20
for Governor Gray Davis to save his breath trying to convince people that=20
government control is the answer to the energy crisis.
Possible Jingle Themes for Gray Davis Re-election Bid:
My Hopes Were High 'til the Lights Went Low
Brother, Can You Spare a Megawatt?
There's Dark at the End of the Tunnel
Return Me to Power (Even if You Don't Have Any)
Top 10 Reasons to Not Have California Government Electricity
10:  Would create yet another oxymoron.
9:  Electricity might go to wrong address the way mail does.
8:  Promise of efficient electricity gives politicians one more thing to lie=20
about.
7:  Power keeps going off when Rush Limbaugh comes on air.
6:  Light bulbs would match politicians for dimness.
5:  Special tax on flashlights.
4:  Fifteen day waiting period to use microwave.
3:  Rolling blackouts joined by rolling the taxpayers.
2:  Consumer manual on government-mandated way to change a light bulb runs=20
25,000 pages.
1:  Nine words: From the same people who gave you the DMV.
=09Daniel Casse  =0901/31/2001 09:39 AM
=09=09=20
Observations on the California Energy Crisis
The White House Writers Group
January 31st
Gray Davis has announced that he will soon announce two energy czars to lead=20
the state through the current crisis.  Logical candidates include: Laurel and=20
Hardy, Abbott and Costello, Beavis and Butthead, and Siegfried and Roy.
The environmentalist Green Party is well-named.  Thanks to its role in=20
blocking construction of new power plants, Californians are forking over=20
plenty of green for energy.
California?s power industry is very Kennedyesque.  Their message to consumers=20
is, "Ask not what your energy company can do for you; ask what you can do for=20
your energy company."
Congress might get involved in California?s energy crisis.  There?s nothing a=20
drowning victim needs more than having an anchor thrown to him.
It?s one thing for California politicians trying to solve the energy problem=20
to go back to the drawing board, but do they have to ask taxpayers to buy=20
them a new one?
In California, lawmakers are now getting down to details.  The latest debate=20
involves what to name the bonds the state will issue to help bail out the=20
utilities.  Proposals on the table include:  Blackout Bonds;Bailout Bonds;=20
Davis Debts; Blunder Bonds; Fiasco Funds.
=09Daniel Casse  =0901/31/2001 09:45 AM
=09=09=20
Here is a cartoon you might like to pass on
- lightswitch.pdf
=09Daniel Casse  =0901/31/2001 09:47 AM
=09=09=20
either of these cartoons might work well with the news about the energy
czars.
--
Daniel Casse
White House Writers Group
615-297-5999
615-297-5908 (fax)
- powercorrupts.pdf
- PleaseSir.pdf
This is a very good try.  I think it comes off too defensive and too general=20
(I just don't think the topic lends itself to the format).  Here's what I=20
think we should do: Jeff is filming a piece for etv about the stock price. =20
We should perhaps use, and expand upon, those messages.  This approach is=20
more directed at the bottom line: why our stock price should go up.
=09Sarah Palmer@ECT
=0903/09/2001 03:14 PM
=09=09
Thanks Steve.  Here's an initial draft -- I've taken a very light "eBizy"=20
approach to delivering the message.  Perhaps by having some fun with it we=20
can look a little less defensive.  Let me know if we're on track or pitifully=20
way off.  Thanks.
Comparing Enron to Apples
You may have noticed =01) or you may be asking why =01) industry analysts often=20
compare Enron to Wall Street firms like Goldman Sachs or investment banks=20
like Chase Manhattan.  We thought it was time to sort out any confusion=20
between our businesses, just in case someone asks you to explain.  Here's how=20
we're different from those guys:
w Enron provides physical delivery of energy products to customers =01) we are=20
not just traders.  Those guys mainly act as brokers and do not participate=20
physically.
w Enron proactively seeks to reform and create markets.  Those guys simply=20
participate and compete.
w Enron extends its business model into new and deregulating markets,=20
enabling high growth rates.  Those guys are in markets that generate less=20
aggressive growth rates.
w Enron owns physical assets that provide consistent cash flow, such as our=20
pipelines.  Those guys do not have them.
And if that's not enough, we think our employees are so much cooler than=20
theirs.
=09Steven J Kean@
=0903/09/2001 01:06 PM
=09=09=20
Here are the message points
=09Yorleni Mendez
=0903/08/2001 10:00 AM
=09=09=20
=09
=09
Rene Chapoton  	03/11/2001 11:47 PM
Mr. Kean,
I've attached a document outlining a proposal for an associate in Enron's
Capital & Risk Management Services division to come and speak in several
graduate and undergraduate classes this semester. Times and dates are 
extremely
negotiable. I will make all necessary arrangements to ensure a pleasant visit.
Thank you for your time and have a great day. I look forward to hearing from
you.
Sincerely,
Rene Chapoton
RChapot@Tulane.edu
(504)251-7363
Additional questions:
Dean Peggy Babin
PBabin@Tulane.edu
(504)865-5412
Associate Dean
Freeman School External Operations
Prof. Sheri Tice
STice@Tulane.edu
(504)865-5469
- Enron Tentative Schedule.doc
eserver@
03/12/2001 12:24 PM
At the bottom of the string is Stacy's phone number
Mark Courtney@EES
03/14/2001 10:41 AM
I managed to contact Sean this morning.  He also confirmed dinner at 
Brennan's.  He didn't really have a reason for waiting except to see what 
other offers came in.  He's shopping us.  He did say he was leaning toward 
Enron, though.  I answered some questions he had concerning what his day to 
day duties might consist of and how much input he would have in his summer 
placement.  I also suggested he get in touch with Morela and talk to her 
about her summer experience.
Mark
Brad Alford@
03/14/2001 09:19 AM
I spoke with Philip today and he is confirmed for dinner at Brennan's.  He is 
holding back on commiting to Enron mainly to preserve his geographic 
options.  He indicated that Enron was definitely his first choice but for 
some personal considerations.  I think Philip was our strongest candidate and 
I would hate to lose him for these personal reasons.  I have an idea about 
how to 'fix' it and will pursue a solution and let you know.
Dear Team Members:
Below you will find this week's cultivation assignments.  Please call or 
e-mail your candidate to help express our interest.  As you know, I have 
scheduled our cultivation dinner for Tuesday, March 27 at 6:30 at Brennan's 
Please invite your candidate to dinner when you call (remind them that a 
jacket is required at dinner).
Their deadline to accept is April 4.
Please also keep me posted regarding your efforts.
Thank you!
lexi
Mark Courtney	Sean Kannengieser	713/348-1363	Skr@rice.edu
Brad Alford	Philip Mayor	832/545-6448	Pmayor@rice.edu
Steve Kean	Stacy Durbin	713/348-1691	sldurbin@rice.edu
I would like your insights.   Meredith, I'd like yours as well (particularly 
in light of the messageyou received from Lawson and Jefferson).
Laura Schwartz@
08/02/2000 08:22 AM
Steve,
Please let me know if there is anything you would like me to do regarding 
this matter.
Thanks,
Laura
Enron Investment Partners
Steve,
I don't want to get caught in a crossfire here, so I thought your group could 
give me some guidance 
I think the referendum is very important for the city and will help us 
continue to show Houston as a significant metropolitan area.  I am not 
convinced that the ultimate form of the deal for minority participation in 
Enron Field was, in fact, what was intended.  In that agreement, Aramark owns 
all of the concessions, but has a 30% profit share with minorities.  My 
understanding is that there are no minority owned businesses in that deal.
I would like to communicate this sentiment, but I would also, certainly like 
to reinforce Enron's position.
Thanks,
Mark
Dear Board Member-
As you may already know, we have been working with the Harris County-Houston
Sports Authority to have included in their agreement with the Houston
Rockets a 30% minority participation goal in the design, construction and
operation of a downtown basketball arena.  This is the same commitment that
we received from the Rockets in 1999.  We received a commitment from the
sports authority and the mayor's office that the minority participation goal
of 30% will be included in the contract.  We have met with Celena Garza and
communicated with Al Luna our interests and they have expressed their
support for our position.  We have also asked Sen. Mario Gallegos for his
support and received it.
We are in the process of confirming that our language calling for such goal
has been included in the final document and that Al Luna and Celena Garza
are sufficiently satisfied with the language, which will be voted on later
this week.
Once confirmed, Sonny Flores, Chairman of the Economic Development Committee
has recommended to Massey that the Chamber be prepared to offer some sort of
public statement in support or not supporting a referendum to build the
arena.  (We have been asked to address the Construction Committee of the
sports authority by Billy Burge and Wayne Smith)  Sonny has indicated that
once we have a confirmation from Al and Celena, our interests should be
sufficiently covered and that supporting the referendum would be good for
Hispanic businesses.
Massey has asked that I poll the board for its input and get a majority
commitment from the board so as to move forward in offering support or no
support for the referendum.  Ordinarily, this would be discussed and
considered at a meeting of the Board of Directors, however, since the sports
authority posted its meeting notice (72 hours prior to meeting) and is ready
to proceed with its approval of the Letter Agreement with the Houston
Rockets we are seeking input in this manner.
I am attaching a copy of the Memorandum of Understanding between the Chamber
and the Sports Authority for you review.  There have been no revisions to
the last copy that was circulated at the past Executive Committee meeting at
Tony Grijalva's office.
Massey has asked that you respond with your input, suggestions and position
for or not for the chamber offering its support for the arena via e-mail
within 24 hours of this notice.  The chamber's position will be determined
by the majority of those respondents to this e-mail by no later than 4:00
p.m. CDT on Wednesday, August 2, 2000.
- Sports Authority MOU, July 20, 2000.doc
eserver@
03/14/2001 11:54 AM
We have got to do better at this.  IR did a webcast of the annual meeting 
that from all reports had a minimum of glitches.  Can we use the same 
technology?
Courtney Votaw
03/13/2001 09:10 AM
I have attached a success report of the streaming communications vehicles we 
used for the All Employee meeting on Feb. 21, 2001.  The report includes 
information about the following:
Video Teleconference
Audio and Video quality; Viewing employees
IP-TV
Statistics; Successes of the locations streamed
Video Requests
Quantity by location and group
To improve access and increase the employee's viewing experience at future 
meetings,  we are working with the IP-TV technical team to find solutions to 
the problems that occurred in February.  From the employee feedback we 
locations.
Please let me know if you have any questions regarding this report.
Thanks,
Courtney
Joe -- could you see if someone at FERC -- Hebert or Madden, might be 
available -- or suggest a suitable alternative?
Nicholas O'Day
03/14/2001 12:28 AM
Steve, we talked about the possibility of securing a speaker from FERC for 
the May 15 deregulation conference in Tokyo, either in person or by video 
conference. Have things settled down sufficiently to approach the person you 
had in mind?
eserver@
03/14/2001 09:44 AM
The amendment was defeated
Jeff Dasovich
Sent by: Jeff Dasovich
03/14/2001 11:11 AM
Joe Ronan  	03/14/2001 11:02 AM
The Wyden Amendment to the Bankruptcy Bill is being debated on the Senate 
floor as we speak. If it passes,the QF's in California will be severly 
imnpaired ina bankruptcy proceeding. I hope that you have contacted your 
Congressional representatives. Feinstein is fighting this and Boxer has 
suppoted, then opposed it, and may be supporting it again. EPSA and EEI 
opposed the Amendment. Jan--has IEP weighed in yet?
eserver@
03/12/2001 12:24 PM
eserver@
03/14/2001 09:44 AM
eserver@
03/14/2001 11:54 AM
Perhaps we should consider putting something together on India?
Sarah Palmer@ECT
03/14/2001 03:04 PM
This was posted in eMeet today:
Submitted by:
chris.littlejohn on 03/14 at 02:08 PM
Category:
Office of the Chairman 
Thanks for the info on the California Energy Crisis 
Message:
I would like to take the time to say "Thank You!" for the descriptive email 
on the
California crisis. It was very informative and it was also good to know what 
Enron's part
in all of this was. 
Just a quick "Thanks!" and also, I personally would like to see more 
informative
communications similar to this about Enron's role in various situations 
around the world. 
I think it's good for other people like me who do not have a thorough 
knowledge of the
energy markets in the world. to get these types of emails. They are very 
insightful and
give me knowledge on how the business runs.
I can do it, but have to be at the airport before 2:00 for a flight to NY.
Sherri Sera
03/14/2001 04:17 PM
Steve, Jeff will be in Boston on this date doing 1:1s following 1Q earnings 
release.  Is this something you would be interested in/available to do?  If 
not, who would you recommend sending it to?  Thanks, SRS
Mary Poorman
03/14/2001 03:14 PM
The Gas Controller's Association, of which I am the Assistant Secretary, is 
holding a meeting on April 19th at the Gulf South (Koch) Building.  We would 
like to present a speaker who can educate our members on the California 
Energy Crisis, and discuss/present any of the proposed solutions thereto We would appreciate it if you could carve some time out of your very busy 
schedule.  If you are unable to make any commitments, could you recommend 
someone within the organization who would be as well-versed on the topic?
About our organization:
The mission statement of the GCA is to "create an environment that 
facilitates the exchange of current and practical information, while 
enhancing relationships and promoting goodwill between operating, scheduling, 
distribution, and others involved in the process of
moving natural gas."  In addition, the GCA provides scholarships to students 
who plan to obtain a degree in a field deemed to be 
"industry related" from local area high schools.
Thank you for your time,
Mary Poorman
Tim Belden@ECT
03/14/2001 11:46 AM
here is our analysis of load growth.  i have no idea where cera came up with 
there's.  in short, it looks like load grew somewhere between 5% and 6% per 
year between april 1998 and june of 2000.  since then, load growth has been 
flat to negative.  from april 1998 to february 2001 it looks like typical 
load growth was around 3.7% on an annualized basis.
Here 'tis.  Let me know if this suits your fancy.
Your assessment makes perfect sense to me.  What do you think about having 
Nels make the call to Lundquist just to find out what his status is, what he 
might look for when his current assignment is over, etc.  (obviously without 
identifying us -- presumably Nels would have reason to talk to him anyway in 
the normal course of business)?  I am not wedded to the idea but am inclined 
toward at least getting the information, unless you see a problem.
Linda Robertson
03/13/2001 02:16 PM
I got your message about Andrew.  He would be an excellent catch.  However, I 
see a couple of significant problems.  My guess is that Andrew is too senior 
for this position, particularly after having chaired the Cheney task force Also, I would not anticipate that he would be available for several months, 
if then.  We should fill this position immediately.  We are already missing 
opportunities because this position is vacant. 
As for our search, using Korn Ferry, I have narrowed the field to two very 
good candidates.   I am setting up time for Rick to interview these 
candidates next Monday.  The first candidate is Drew Maloney with Rep. Tom 
Delay's office.  Drew would give us enormous visibility in House Republican 
leadership circles, seems trustworthy, and capable of learning most of the 
substance of the energy portfolio.  Drew has strong networking skills, which 
I think would nicely fit with Tom's strategic and technical skills.  The 
second candidate is John Shelk, whom I have known for nearly 15 years.  John 
was the lead Republican staff on the House Energy and Commerce Committee 
under Norm Lent.  John left the Committee in 1992.  Since then John has 
worked in the financial services and gaming industries, where he has enhanced 
his political and Republican networking skills.  John in very short order 
would have extremely strong technical skills, atlhough he has been away from 
the industry for eight years.  I believe both candidates bring different but 
very strong talents to the job.  I have a second opening for an enviromental 
advocate.  I am discussing with Rick the possibility of whether we could 
redirect one of these candidates (probably John) to that slot.   That said, 
please let me know if I should have Nels pursue Andrew.
calendar -- FYI
Scott Tholan@ECT
08/01/2000 04:49 PM
Sent by: Sharon Purswell@ECT
You are cordially invited to attend a presentation entitled:  "Acquiring 
Information: Trade Secrets and the Economic Espionage Act (EEA)".   Daniel 
Waltz, of the law firm Patton Boggs LLP, is a leading expert on the EEA and 
will deliver what promises to be an interesting and informative segment Congress passed the EEA in 1996, and it will increasingly shape how corporate 
America collects, uses, and protects valued information.  In addition to 
explaining some of the intricacies of the EEA, Dan Waltz will include 
"hypothetical" corporate case studies (some actually torn from the headlines) 
to illustrate his points.
This event is sponsored by ENA's Competitive Analysis and Business Controls 
(CABC) group and is supported by ENA legal.   This event kicks-off CABC's 
Competitive Intelligence Standards Program, which seeks to raise awareness of 
issues relevant both to Enron's practitioners and senior consumers of 
competitive intelligence.  This particular speaking engagement is designed to 
raise awareness of the EEA's legal guidelines, as well as to stimulate 
thought both on the collection opportunities against our competitors as well 
as how we might better protect Enron's own proprietary information.   I 
believe the topic of the EEA is especially relevant, given that we find 
ourselves amidst the big bang of this new information age 
All CABC staff is being asked to attend this presentation, and we are 
inviting a small number of other Enron employees who are engaged in aspects 
of serious competitive intelligence.  Select executives like yourselves are 
being invited to attend, and I would welcome any suggestions of others that 
you think might benefit from attending this event 
The EEA presentation is set for August 15, 1:30-3:00 PM, in the 50th floor 
Conference room.  Please RSVP to either myself or Sharon Purswell.  Hope to 
.
P.S.  By the way, our next speaker segment in the CI Standards Program will 
concentrate on the guidelines and implications of the "Foreign Corrupt 
Practices Act (FCPA)," and will likely be scheduled for the fall.
ok
Janel Guerrero
03/13/2001 08:04 PM
Steve....unless you think it's a potential problem, I'd like to include the 
CA flower grower in our list of businesses to target with ken's letter. (You 
handed me the letter from H&M Roses, Inc today). Let me know. thanks.
Ken was meeting with him the day before yesterday.  I'm just waiting to hear 
back.
Sherri Sera
03/13/2001 10:07 PM
Just saw the memo about Sanjay, Diomedes and Jim.  Guess David Haug is still 
around? SRS
I would just say Jeff is pres and ceo, not refer to him as Ken's replacement.
Nicholas O'Day
03/08/2001 08:58 PM
Steve we briefly discussed last Tuesday the possibility of using Mr Lay's 
contact with the Chairman of Toyota, Mr Okuda, to assist us in securing a 
senior executive from Toyota to speak at the May 15 conference in Tokyo 
We agreed that I should draft a letter for Jeff Skilling to send to Mr Okuda. 
I have had a rethink and believe that as a matter of courtesy (Japanese 
style), it would be preferable in the first instance if the contact with Mr 
Okuda is done from chairman to chairman. Mr Lay's letter will serve as an 
introduction to Jeff Skilling, and will also permit Enron Japan to follow up 
directly with Mr Okuda's staff in Japan. We can then draft a letter for Jeff 
Skilling to confirm arrangements.
I attach a draft letter for that purpose. If the revised approach is in 
order, I will liaise on the matter with Rosalee and Sherri, with a copy to 
you.
kind  
eserver@
03/12/2001 10:24 AM
eserver@
03/12/2001 12:24 PM
yes
Jeff Dasovich
Sent by: Jeff Dasovich
03/13/2001 12:10 PM
Steve:
Based on the note from Rosalee, and if you agree, I'm going to assign low 
priority to the issue.
Jeff
Rosalee Fleming
03/13/2001 08:46 AM
Hi Steve and Jeff -
This was a cold call to Ken that Vanessa took while we were in Exec. Comm. 
meeting.  She had asked Ginger who to refer him to as it was CA. and she 
mentioned Jeff.  Please only call if there is any interest.
Rosie 
It was not mentioned to me.  I'm copying rosie and vanessa to find out if 
this was a simple referral (in which case you should keep the work to a 
minimum -- return the call, but don't get distracted from your other efforts) 
or whether Ken is especially interested in this and wants us to follow 
through.
Jeff Dasovich
Sent by: Jeff Dasovich
03/12/2001 03:54 PM
Just got a call from a fellow named Jame Edgerly at the Enterprise Zone, 
Inc.  He told me that Ken Lay (through Ken's secretary Vanessa) referred me 
to him.  He is very interested in getting us to help him work with the 
Legislature to establish an "Enterprise Zone" energy tariff to encourage 
investment in California's Enterprice Zones.  Before I launch on the effort, 
just wanted to check in and see if this rings a bell with you.  Thanks.
Best,
Jeff
looks ok to me
Karen Denne
03/13/2001 11:54 AM
fyi Here are the latest documents.  We plan to issue the release immediately 
after the meeting, which is scheduled to begin at 10 on Friday and probably 
lasting less than 30 minutes.
fyi
Karen Denne
03/13/2001 11:54 AM
fyi Here are the latest documents.  We plan to issue the release immediately 
after the meeting, which is scheduled to begin at 10 on Friday and probably 
lasting less than 30 minutes.
Please post on internal site
Peggy Mahoney@EES
03/13/2001 09:21 AM
Two documents:
First is the external document we faxed to certain reporters.
This is what Steve is referring to.
Second is the talking points which reflect all changes to date.
I am waiting legal approval - which I'm expecting any minute
(I emailed Mike Smith your changes last night 
We should put both on website as soon as I track down Mike or Vicki. 
Thanks,
Peggy  
Peggy 
My understanding is that you and Steve Kean finished these talking points Can I please get the final copy?
Jim
Peggy Mahoney@EES
03/12/2001 10:31 PM
could we have this finalized by tomorrow am...also, understand CSU issued 
press release,  could we see it asap..thanks
Please see the attached draft.
Start with Joe hillings in DC
Steve,
What are your thoughts on public subsidies/tax breaks for MEC?  Who should I 
contact to discuss the possibilites for some tax advantages on new facilities?
Thanks,
Mark
Yes Steve received your fax.
Maureen McVicker
Steve's Assistant
"Kim, Amy"  	03/13/2001 07:47 AM
Good morning!
I just wanted to know if you received the 6-page fax I sent you last night
with the documents you requested.
I look forward to hearing from you. 
I'm checking.  Melissa loves talking about Houston real estate (one of the 
many quirks I love her for).  I'll find out when she can do it.
Ricardo Charvel
03/12/2001 01:00 PM
Steve,
As you might have expected, Elsa already had a to do list, a budget, 
information on schools, etc.  I really did not have to discuss about moving 
to Houston.  The conversation was more around when and how.
On Friday I have to be in Houston for an EBS meeting on Mexico.  I am 
planning to arrive there on Thursday morning to talk to Rick, to Dan Reck and 
to Shawn Cumberland.  I also need to find out about relocation and visas etc.
I am writing you to thank you for your generosity in your advice and for 
helping me and encouraging me in making this important decision.  I am also 
wirting because I am taking your word on Melissa's  knowledge of the real 
estate market inside the loop.  Elsa is coming with me on Thursday morning 
and we would like to see if it is possible for us to meet with Melissa on 
Thursday, Friday or Saturday for advice and orientation. (Of course you would 
be welcome to the real estate working session 
Please let me know.
Thanks again,
Ricardo
It was not mentioned to me.  I'm copying rosie and vanessa to find out if 
this was a simple referral (in which case you should keep the work to a 
minimum -- return the call, but don't get distracted from your other efforts) 
or whether Ken is especially interested in this and wants us to follow 
through.
Jeff Dasovich
Sent by: Jeff Dasovich
03/12/2001 03:54 PM
Just got a call from a fellow named Jame Edgerly at the Enterprise Zone, 
Inc.  He told me that Ken Lay (through Ken's secretary Vanessa) referred me 
to him.  He is very interested in getting us to help him work with the 
Legislature to establish an "Enterprise Zone" energy tariff to encourage 
investment in California's Enterprice Zones.  Before I launch on the effort, 
just wanted to check in and see if this rings a bell with you.  Thanks.
Best,
Jeff
As to whether long term contracting by Cal. is a good idea, the answer is 
somewhat mixed.  We were one of the early parties pointing out the problems 
with total reliance on the spot market and encouraging more forward 
contracting.  Given the utilities' precarious financial position there were 
two options: 1) outsource the default provider obligation to the market (this 
is what we prefer but there was no political support for it), or 2) have the 
state put its credit behind the purchases.  California is pursuing the 
latter, with CDWR prucahsing the utilities' requirements.  In the short term, 
we have criticized the state's plan because it contemplates state takeover of 
the grid; state participation in power plant financing, construction, and 
ownership; and they have not made it clear that CDWR really has the money to 
pay for all the purchases.  I am attaching text I have used as the base for a 
number of communications with policymakers.
Mark Schroeder@ECT
03/11/2001 02:11 PM
In the press, I saw two news stories that I wondered if we (Enron) had any 
role/hand in, and what was the offical "spin" in both cases.  1)  The FERC 
Order requiring something like 55-65 million dollars in refunds by generators 
(or did it include traders) for overcharging in California in December, if I 
recall my facts/news stories correctly, and 2) the reports of 40 companies 
entering into 10-year contracts with California (touted by Davis).  Was Enron 
a contracting party?  Do we think this is a good solution (I think I know the 
answer, but defer to your lead on this, so we stay on your message)?  thanks  
mcs
I am attaching the FERC order and staff recommendations.  The order provides 
for $69 million in "potential" refunds (either pay up or provide cost 
justification).  Enron was not named as one of the 13 overcharging parties, 
but PGE was ($3.18 million).  It's not over yet, though.  The order deals 
only with Jan 01 and promises further orders regarding Dec 00 and benchmark 
prices through April 01.  The prices used to determine refunds were fairly 
high ($273/mwh based on gas prices, emissions costs and an assumed heat rate 
of over 16000).
With respect to sales to California, we have concluded at least one short 
term sale and have talked with Cal Dept of Water Resources about longer term 
deals, but we were still struggling with credit issues, last I heard.  I'm 
copying Jeff Dasovich because I'm sure he has more up to date information.
Mark Schroeder@ECT
03/11/2001 02:11 PM
In the press, I saw two news stories that I wondered if we (Enron) had any 
role/hand in, and what was the offical "spin" in both cases.  1)  The FERC 
Order requiring something like 55-65 million dollars in refunds by generators 
(or did it include traders) for overcharging in California in December, if I 
recall my facts/news stories correctly, and 2) the reports of 40 companies 
entering into 10-year contracts with California (touted by Davis).  Was Enron 
a contracting party?  Do we think this is a good solution (I think I know the 
answer, but defer to your lead on this, so we stay on your message)?  thanks  
mcs
Attached is a revised draft of the Committee memo.  This draft includes John 
Sherriff's A/A PRC membership 
(which I neglected to include on the previous draft).
Please see the attached memorandum.
Thanks for the message.  It's good to hear from you again.  We have already 
hired Racicot (who now works for Bracewell and Patterson), but I'm not sure 
that our arrangement would include what you may need, so I'm copying Linda 
Robertson in our DC office.  Also, I'll copy Jim Derrick so he knows we might 
expand our relationship there.
Linda and Joe - thoughts on BPA and EOL?
Pamela Lesh/ENRON@xgate
03/05/2001 04:04 PM
Hi, Steve!  Long time no talk.  I hope you are well - I KNOW you are busy!  I
just have a couple of matters for your attention:
1.  We, as part of a group of Northwest IOUS, are exploring the possibility of
retaining former Montana Governor Racicot to work BPA issues on our behalf. 
PGE will continue with Mike Andrews as our lobbyist but Racicot would work for
the IOUs as a group.  Does this cause you any concerns?  Incidentally, we may
step up our efforts somewhat in the general area of BPA because of the
situation out here.  Please let me know if I or Mike should be coordinating
what we do with any of your folks in DC.
2.  One of the major Northwest issues is who will be the next BPA
Administrator.  For a variety of reasons, there really aren't any good
candidates from the Northwest and we're probably all to close to the situation
anyway.  I was wondering if the Enron net could come up with any good ideas
for someone with good energy and policy experience from outside the Northwest?
Someone who would appeal to the Bush administration 
3.  With the delay in closing our sale to Sierra, we would very much like the
ability to use Enron Online for trading.  I believe we can get the regulatory
approvals necessary but apparently when we raised this some months ago, there
was strong opposition from within Enron, particularly Joe Hartsoe.  Do you see
an issue with pursuing this?  How do you suggest I move this forward?
Thanks, Steve.  As you may hear from time to time, things are going well here
in Oregon.  We are proceeding on our restructuring, which is beginning to get
notice from NARUC and others as a possible model for states that have not yet
proceeded.  It's an interesting world.  I look forward to hearing from you.
Sorry, I had saved your list for the Europe AA PRC and didn't include them in 
my draft of the memo.  I am sending another version shortly that has that 
information included. I don't think I need anything more from you, unless you 
have other comments  on the memo.  Thanks
John Sherriff@ECT
02/23/2001 04:50 AM
Steve 
Here is my recommended A&A PRC committee for Europe - it includes Directors 
and VPs
from Wholesale, EES, EBS and several of our remote offices.
Christopher McKey
Kevin Heffron
Paul Chivers
Bruce Garner
Pierre Aury
Ron Slimp
Joe Hirl
Paul Quilkey
Stuart Rexrode
Roy Poyntz
Marcello Romano
David Gallagher
Rob Bayley
Chris Mahoney
Paul Quilkey
Bjarne Schieldrop
Markus Fiala
Andreas Radmacher
FYI
Thanks Steve,  actual savings prior to allocation was $782,375   I miss 
calculated when I sent the memo.
Steven J Kean@EES
08/01/2000 09:11 AM
Congratulations!
Gary Fitch@ on 07/27/2000 12:02:47 PM
Bill, we hit a home run this morning with HCAD.  They have agreed to take my 
reduced valuation on the Enron fleet.  A reduction of  $16,079,000 in taxable 
value.  This results in savings of $482,375.  That's not all, our allocation 
based on records for operations outside of the state of Texas resulted in 
additional savings of $1,559,638. Total savings to our 2000 budget will be 
$2,042,013 
Thanks for the note.
Jim Hughes asked the same question you did.  Here is my (and John's) response.
Steven J Kean
03/07/2001 11:41 AM
It looks like we are playing a smaller role than the WSJ article indicates i.e. a role commensurate with our level of interest.  I have talked with John 
several times about the relative importance of OPIC, ExIm and other funding 
organizations in light of the change in emphasis in our business.  As a 
result of those discussions we cut headcount and expenditures from the 
proposed budget for "01 and John has joined Linda Robertson's organization in 
the DC office (instead of being a stand alone effort).  Having said that, my 
view (based on the work John has been doing) is that we continue to have a 
considerable amount of work for him to do on the project finance front as a 
result of existing projects, projects we continue to pursue, and transfer 
issues associated with the asset sales.  Do you agree?
John Hardy@_DEVELOPMENT
03/07/2001 10:59 AM
Steve
This is not a battle to fight with OMB, but we have to show the agencies 
that we are supportive of  their programs and their budgets.  We are not 
going to lead the battle and in fact have not particpated in meetings on the 
hill.  But we are in negotiations with both EXIM and OPIC on Electrobolt and 
will need their support on our problem projects.  Also, Rebecca McDonald is 
on EXIM's private sector advisory committee.  If you need more lets talk Thanks John  
Steven J Kean@
03/07/2001 11:43 AM
How important is this fight to us now (see attached article on ExIm)?
Ann M Schmidt
03/07/2001 08:19 AM
Exporters Rush to Ex-Im Bank's Defense --- Lobby Campaign to Prevent Budget 
Cuts Seeks Help Of 100,000 Small Firms
The Wall Street Journal, 03/07/01
Plots & Ploys
The Wall Street Journal, 03/07/01
Dutch Gas Competition Grows Despite Sluggish Reforms
Dow Jones Energy Service, 03/07/01
USA: Big U.S. exporters to fight Ex-Im Bank cuts - WSJ.
Reuters English News Service, 03/07/01
Major U.S. Exporters Rush to Export-Import Bank's Defense
Dow Jones Business News, 03/07/01
What's News
United States
The Globe and Mail, 03/07/01
Deal with state could take until 2002 to close
Associated Press Newswires, 03/06/01
Sierra Pacific CEO Doubts SEC OK Of Enron Unit Buy-Report
Dow Jones Energy Service, 03/06/01
Many Power Deals Announced by California Governor Still Not Final
Dow Jones Business News, 03/06/01
US Natural Gas Prices Fall As Demand Slips In Most Areas
Dow Jones Energy Service, 03/06/01
Economy
Exporters Rush to Ex-Im Bank's Defense --- Lobby Campaign to Prevent Budget 
Cuts Seeks Help Of 100,000 Small Firms
By Michael M. Phillips and Laura Heinauer
Staff Reporters of The Wall Street Journal
03/07/2001
The Wall Street Journal
A2
WASHINGTON -- Angry and confused that a Republican administration has 
targeted one of their favorite programs for big cuts, America's largest 
exporters are appealing for help from lawmakers. 
Boeing Co., Caterpillar Inc., Enron Corp., Halliburton Co. and others are 
launching an aggressive lobbying campaign on Capitol Hill to protect the 
Export-Import Bank from budget reductions; the White House labels the Ex-Im 
Bank as corporate welfare.
"The administration has fired its shot, and now we're firing ours," said 
Edmund B. Rice, president of the Coalition for Employment Through Exports, an 
industry group that is leading the effort. 
Since they got wind of the proposed cuts a few weeks ago, business lobbyists 
have been trying to rally sympathetic lawmakers. And executives at Boeing, 
Caterpillar and other big companies plan to contact some 100,000 smaller 
suppliers that benefit indirectly from the $12.6 billion of export loans, 
guarantees and insurance that Ex-Im Bank provided in the last fiscal year. 
Those small companies, the executives hope, will create a groundswell of 
support in Congress for the Ex-Im Bank. 
"Companies large and small who have similar interests here are banding 
together to provide an educational effort so people understand the impact of 
this," said Chris Hansen, Boeing senior vice president for government 
relations. 
Corporate lobbyists also have dug up a speech that Vice President Dick 
Cheney, while chief executive of Halliburton, gave in 1997 praising the bank 
and scoffing at those who consider it a giveaway to big business. They plan 
to pass Mr. Cheney's comments to influential members of Congress this week. 
"We'll be circulating them very broadly," Mr. Rice said. 
A spokeswoman for Mr. Cheney had no immediate comment. 
Ex-Im Bank officials aren't talking publicly, avoiding the appearance that 
they are battling the White House to overturn the proposed 25% cut in the 
bank's $865 million operating budget for the current fiscal year, which ends 
Sept. 30. But an Ex-Im official said the topic has come up in conversations 
between key lawmakers and Ex-Im Bank Chairman James A. Harmon, who is soon to 
be succeeded by Mel Sembler, a Bush campaign fund-raiser and a 
shopping-center developer. 
At first, business lobbyists assumed administration budgeteers were just 
looking for savings anywhere they could find it. Before President Bush 
released his spending plan last week, companies appealed to Mitchell Daniels, 
head of the White House budget office, in an attempt to keep the Ex-Im Bank 
cuts out of the final proposal. 
The Ex-Im Bank's corporate clients include some of the country's largest 
political contributors. Boeing, the bank's largest user, received $3.3 
billion of financing last year. The Seattle aerospace company and its 
employees contributed $1.8 million to politicians and parties during the 2000 
election cycle, 61% to Republicans, according to federal election data 
assembled by the Center for Responsive Politics. Caterpillar, a Peoria, Ill maker of engines and heavy equipment that secured seven Ex-Im Bank deals last 
year, and its employees contributed more than $500,000 -- 96% to Republicans. 
Company officials deny they wanted to leverage donations to try to secure 
political support for the Ex-Im Bank. 
Many lobbyists have come to the conclusion that administration officials those of a libertarian persuasion -- oppose Ex-Im Bank as a form of welfare 
for corporations. Indeed, the White House budget plan criticized the bank's 
operations as unjustified public subsidies for companies. "That makes it a 
much more serious issue," Mr. Rice said. "We're concerned that the 
administration seems to be turning its attention in this direction Barring intervention from Mr. Cheney, business groups now have largely given 
up hope of convincing the White House to back down, planning instead to use 
their muscle to convince Congress to restore the Ex-Im Bank's funding. Bank 
officials and U.S. companies argue that, far from being a subsidy, the bank 
simply allows American companies to compete with European and Japanese firms 
that receive assistance from their own governments. 
"In many markets in Asia and Africa, the bank is absolutely critical to our 
ability to sell American-made products," said Bill Lane, Caterpillar's 
Washington director for governmental affairs. 
--- Corporate Beneficiaries
Top 10 recipients of Ex-Im Bank loans, guarantees and insurance for
fiscal year 2000, as measured by amount of financing, in millions
Boeing $3,335
Bechtel Group $1,075
Distributed Processing Systems $388
Willbros Group $387
United Technologies $334
Raytheon $156
General Electric $150
Halliburton $136
Enron $135
LSI Logic $120
Source: Ex-Im Bank
The Property Report
Plots & Ploys
By Peter Grant
03/07/2001
The Wall Street Journal
B10
[What's Brewing in the Real Estate Market] 
No Problem, Houston 
CENTURY DEVELOPMENT is about to announce plans to break ground on downtown 
Houston's third major office development in less than three years. In another 
sign of the strength of the city's energy sector, Century is finalizing a 
headquarters deal with Reliant Resources Inc. to take more than two-thirds of 
the project's 850,000 square feet, says Edwin Murphy, a Century senior vice 
president. 
Two other towers also are underway. In 1999, Hines began building a 1.2 
million square-foot tower for Enron Corp. and late last year Crescent Real 
Estate Equities broke ground on a 27-story tower that will be anchored by 
Ernst & Young. These three projects are the first major downtown office 
projects to get underway since 1986. 
The surge is part of a renaissance of downtown Houston, where new sports 
facilities, hotels, apartment buildings and restaurants have been mushrooming 
in recent years. "The new amenities have kept people from leaving and enticed 
people to come back," says Michael Hassler, of CB Richard Ellis. 
Dutch Gas Competition Grows Despite Sluggish Reforms
By Germana Canzi
Of DOW JONES NEWSWIRES
03/07/2001
Dow Jones Energy Service
LONDON -(Dow Jones)- The Netherlands is emerging as an important testing 
ground for E.U. gas liberalization, as new trading hubs for competitive, 
short-term gas supplies from the U.K. and Norway emerge on the Belgian and 
German borders. 
However, much remains to be done. A group of large energy users and traders 
is preparing to confront Gasunie Thursday in a hearing organized by the 
regulator. The main issues of contention are the balancing system, which 
Gasunie conducts on an hourly basis, the extent to which transport tariffs 
are cost-focused and third-party access to storage facilities.
The emergence of competition in the Dutch gas sector is mostly due to the 
initiative of new market entrants who, despite a difficult regulatory 
environment, have managed to develop a market for short-term gas virtually 
from scratch. 
If liquidity improves in these emerging hubs, the Netherlands could become an 
important transit country for freely tradeable gas supplies to other 
countries in northwest Europe, as well as being an important market in its 
own right. However, the difficulty of implementing transparent third-party 
access systems in the Netherlands and in neighboring Germany casts a dark 
cloud over recent progress in competition. 
Since December, Enron Europe Ltd. (U.ENE), Duke Energy Corp. (DUK), E.On AG 
(EON), RWE AG (G.RWE) and Electrabel SA (B.ELE) have been actively buying and 
selling gas, sourced in the U.K., the Netherlands and Norway, in a number of 
hubs between Emden in Germany and Emshaven and Oude Statenzijl in the 
Netherlands. 
David Gallagher, head of European gas trading at Enron in London, estimates 
that at least one trade a day of around 100,000 therms for a quarterly 
contract is done at the Oude Statenzijl hub, where the Gasunie pipeline 
system connects to the network of Wingas GmbH. 
An important element kick-starting short-term trading was the sale, in 
December 2000, of a 2 billion cubic meter a year Norwegian gas supply 
contract to five Dutch-based power generators. 
Robert van der Hoeven, head of fuel procurement at Electrabel, the owner of 
Dutch generator EPON, said his company uses most of the gas it imports from 
Norway for its plants in the Netherlands and trades the rest on a short-term 
basis in the Oude-Emden area. This pattern is common to the other Dutch-based 
parties to that contract. 
Trading in Dutch hubs received a further boost when Nederlandse Gasunie NV 
(N.NEG) decided, after months of wrangling with regulator DTe, to lower its 
transport tariffs by 6.5% from January 2001 and to unbundle its combined 
commodity and service tariff, the so-called CSS system, from July 2001. 
Gasunie now claims its pipeline system is fully open and transparent. To 
prove this, it says it has lost 30% of its customers in the eligible market, 
but that figure hasn't changed much since March 2000. Small wonder that 
critics say the switching figure doesn't necessarily indicate an ideal system 
of third-party access. 
According to energy consultants The Brattle Group, around half of the gas 
used by alternative suppliers goes through the 1 bcm/year Zebra pipeline from 
Zelzate to Zeeland, which was built by Dutch utilities a few years ago 
precisely because Gasunie refused to provide access on favorable terms. 
Shippers have complained that the hourly system used by Gasunie to balance 
the pipeline system raises the overall cost of shipping through its network 
significantly. Gasunie imposes a balancing charge which effectively forces 
shippers to pay for the extra gas brought into the system from storage sites, 
in addition to the capacity and transmission price. Critics say Gasunie has 
so far failed to unbundle these charges, although it agreed to do so in 
January. 
According to the Brattle Group, another controversial aspect of Gasunie's 
tariff system is that it is based on theoretical costs of constructing new 
pipelines rather than its actual costs. 
The DTe is also considering ways of reforming the storage system to make it 
competitive. BP PLC (U.BP) and Nederlandse Aardolie Maatschappij NV operate 
storage facilities and lease capacity to Gasunie through long-term contracts. 
The regulator is studying ways of allowing third parties access to storage 
facilities. Gasunie has so far shown little sign of negotiating more 
competitive tariffs with storage operators and passing on the benefits to 
customers, critics say. 
The growth of short-term trading in the Dutch gas market is also inevitably 
linked to its potential as a transit country for gas coming from the 
U.K.-Belgium gas interconnector and going towards the 82bcm-a-year German 
market. 
Market participants say liquidity at the Emden and Oude hubs has grown 
considerably since E.On and RWE started trading there earlier this year. 
However, the obstructive attitude of incumbents toward third-party access 
there has meant that so far most gas traded in the Netherlands has remained 
there. 
-By Germana Canzi, Dow Jones Newswires; +44 20 7842 9283; 
germana.canzi@dowjones.com
USA: Big U.S. exporters to fight Ex-Im Bank cuts - WSJ.
03/07/2001
Reuters English News Service
(C) Reuters Limited 2001.
NEW YORK, March 7 (Reuters) - America's largest exporters are launching an 
aggressive lobbying campaign on Capitol Hill to protect the Export-Import 
Bank from budget reductions, the Wall Street Journal reported in its online 
edition on Wednesday. 
The exporters, including Boeing Co. , Caterpillar Inc. , Enron Corp Halliburton Co. and others, are angry and confused that a Republican 
administration has targeted one of their favourite programmes for big cuts, 
the paper reported.
Ex-Im Bank officials were not talking publicly, avoiding the appearance that 
they are battling the White House to overturn the proposed 25 percent cut in 
the bank's $865 million operating budget for the current fiscal year, which 
ends Sept 30, it said. 
The White House labels the Ex-Im Bank as corporate welfare. 
"The administration has fired its shot, and now we're firing ours," Edmund 
Rice, president of the Coalition for Employment Through Exports, an industry 
group that is leading the effort, was quoted as saying by the paper. 
Executives at Boeing, Caterpillar and other big companies plan to contact 
some 100,000 smaller suppliers who benefit indirectly from the $12.6 billion 
of export loans, guarantees and insurance that Ex-Im Bank provided in the 
last fiscal year, the paper said. 
Those small companies, the executives hope, will create a groundswell of 
support in Congress for the Ex-Im Bank, it said. 
New York Newsroom (212) 859-1700.
Major U.S. Exporters Rush to Export-Import Bank's Defense
03/07/2001
Dow Jones Business News
WASHINGTON -- Angry and confused that a Republican administration has 
targeted one of their favorite programs for big cuts, America's largest 
exporters are appealing for help from lawmakers, Wednesday's Wall Street 
Journal reported. 
Boeing Co. (BA), Caterpillar Inc. (CAT), Enron Corp. (ENE), Halliburton Co. 
(HAL) and others are launching an aggressive lobbying campaign on Capitol 
Hill to protect the Export-Import Bank from budget reductions; the White 
House labels the Ex-Im Bank as corporate welfare.
"The administration has fired its shot, and now we're firing ours," said 
Edmund B. Rice, president of the Coalition for Employment Through Exports, an 
industry group that is leading the effort. 
Since they got wind of the proposed cuts a few weeks ago, business lobbyists 
have been trying to rally sympathetic lawmakers. And executives at Boeing, 
Caterpillar and other big companies plan to contact some 100,000 smaller 
suppliers that benefit indirectly from the $12.6 billion of export loans, 
guarantees and insurance that Ex-Im Bank provided in the last fiscal year. 
Those small companies, the executives hope, will create a groundswell of 
support in Congress for the Ex-Im Bank. 
Corporate lobbyists also have dug up a speech that Vice President Dick 
Cheney, while chief executive of Halliburton, gave in 1997 praising the bank 
and scoffing at those who consider it a giveaway to big business. They plan 
to pass Mr. Cheney's comments to influential members of Congress this week. 
A spokeswoman for Mr. Cheney had no immediate comment. 
Ex-Im Bank officials aren't talking publicly, avoiding the appearance that 
they are battling the White House to overturn the proposed 25% cut in the 
bank's $865 million operating budget for the current fiscal year, which ends 
Sept. 30. But an Ex-Im official said the topic has come up in conversations 
between key lawmakers and Ex-Im Bank Chairman James A. Harmon, who is soon to 
be succeeded by Mel Sembler, a Bush campaign fund-raiser and a 
shopping-center developer. 
All Rights Reserved.
Report on Business: The Wall Street Journal
What's News
United States
Wall Street Journal
03/07/2001
The Globe and Mail
Metro
B10
licensors. All rights reserved."
Boeing Co., Caterpillar Inc. and Enron Corp. are among the big U.S. exporters 
launching an aggressive lobbying campaign on Capitol Hill to protect the 
Export-Import Bank from budget reductions. The White House labels the Ex-Im 
Bank as corporate welfare. "The administration has fired its shot, and now 
we're firing ours," said Edmund Rice, president of the Coalition for 
Employment Through Exports, an industry group leading the campaign. Since 
they got wind of the proposed cuts a few weeks ago, business lobbyists have 
been trying to rally sympathetic U.S. law makers.
Deal with state could take until 2002 to close
By LESLIE GORNSTEIN
AP Business Writer
03/06/2001
Associated Press Newswires
LOS ANGELES (AP) - A tentative deal aimed at rescuing Southern California 
Edison from insolvency might not close in time to prevent the utility from 
begging creditors for more patience, Edison officials said Tuesday. 
The utility's tentative, $2.7 billion agreement to sell its power lines to 
the state could take until 2002 to be consummated, thanks to complicated 
legal issues and other paperwork, an Edison official told bondholders Tuesday.
Once the deal is signed, Edison will try to borrow against the promised cash, 
but Edison International Chief Financial Officer Ted Craver admitted the 
utility might have to ask creditors to simply wait for their money until it 
has the $2.7 billion in hand. 
Energy suppliers owed money by Edison did not immediately return calls for 
comment Tuesday. 
At least four groups of suppliers have sued Edison for millions in unpaid 
bills going back months. Edison and fellow utility Pacific Gas & Electric 
have said they have lost $13 billion on the open power market thanks to 
soaring prices paired with state-imposed price caps. 
PG&E's parent company was able to recently borrow $1 billion to pay its 
stockholders and its debuts. It did not use any of that money to pay PG&E's 
bills. 
Edison's disclosure, meanwhile, shocked state officials. 
Steve Maviglio, spokesman for Gov. Gray Davis, initially declined to comment 
on the status of the Edison deal, but eventually said, regarding its closure, 
"We're optimistic it will be sooner rather than later The pacing would have nothing to do with whether fellow utilities Sempra 
Energy and PG&E also sell their transmission lines to California, Craver 
said. 
Among the things that could delay the deal's closing is Edison's need to find 
landowners on whose property its lines were built to assure no legal 
agreements are being violated by the sale. Edison would also have to pin down 
exactly what it would be selling to the state - terms that might not be 
decided until after a deal has been inked, Craver said. 
"Trust me," Craver said in a phone call after the conference. "There are a 
lot of legal-type documents - stuff that you and I ... would think of as a 
bloody nightmare The disclosure comes at a time when an increasing number of power suppliers 
are suing the utility for millions in unpaid bills. 
Edison also disclosed Tuesday that two more lawsuits had landed in its lap one by a group of wind-powered generators including Enron Wind, the other by 
two suppliers including New York-based Caithness Energy. 
Both suits were filed during the past five days, Edison Assistant General 
Counsel Barbara Reeves said. It was not immediately clear how much the 
complainants were seeking; neither Enron nor Caithness returned calls for 
comment. 
The two filings bring the total number of suits by renewable-energy suppliers 
against Edison to four, the utility said. The city of Long Beach and 
CalEnergy Operating Group, a geothermal supplier, have also sued for back 
payments. 
CalEnergy alone has said it is owed $45 million in November and December 
payments. 
The line sale, part of a multifaceted, tentative deal with the state that 
could save Edison from insolvency, could take anywhere from several months 
into next year, Craver said. 
The tentative deal, announced by Gov. Gray Davis Feb. 23, calls for the state 
to pay more than twice the book value for Edison's lines. 
It also would require Edison to sell cheap power to the state for a decade 
and for Edison to end its lawsuit against state regulators. The suit asserts 
that price caps imposed by the California Public Utilities Commission are 
illegal under federal law. 
Additionally, Edison's parent would have to return $420 million it collected 
from the utility over the past several years. The money was used to pay debt, 
buy back stock and pay dividends to investors. 
SCE, PG&E and Sempra have complained they are near bankruptcy because of 
soaring prices on the open market combined with the state-imposed price caps 
for consumers. 
Sempra and PG&E have yet to announce similar line-sale deals with the state, 
though they and the governor have said negotiations are ongoing. The total 
cost of the 26,000 miles of lines has been estimated at $4.5 billion to $7 
billion.
Sierra Pacific CEO Doubts SEC OK Of Enron Unit Buy-Report
03/06/2001
Dow Jones Energy Service
LOS ANGELES -(Dow Jones)- Sierra Pacific Resources (SRP) CEO Walter Higgins 
said in an interview last week that he doubts the company's $3.1 billion 
acquisition of Enron Corp.'s (ENE) utility Portland General Electric will be 
approved by the federal Securities and Exchange Commission, the Las Vegas Sun 
reported Tuesday. 
The SEC must find that Sierra Pacific is in a strong financial position 
before it will approve the deal, but the company is currently weakened by 
having lost millions of dollars in fuel and purchased power costs, Higgins 
said in the report.
A $311 million rate increase to cover those costs began March 1, but Higgins 
said that money would only pay back those expenses and wouldn't improve the 
company's stability to a level the SEC would find adequate, according to the 
report. 
The Public Utilities Commission can halt the rate hike and order refunds if 
it decides the hike isn't necessary. The PUC is holding hearings to determine 
the prudency of the hike, and members of the state's powerful casino and 
mining industries have filed to intervene. 
Sierra Pacific's plan to shore up its financial position through the sale of 
its 10 power plants, worth nearly $2 billion, may also be in jeopardy. The 
state Senate is considering a bill to block the sales, and Nevada Gov. Kenny 
Guinn recently sent a letter to the PUC asking that it reconsider its order 
allowing electric utilities to sell assets. 
Financial analysts have said that not allowing Sierra Pacific's two utilities 
to sell their assets would have a ripple effect on the company's financial 
position. The asset sales are tied to low-priced power contracts, and if the 
sales are canceled, the low-priced power will be gone as well. 
"If the divestiture is stopped...the state may be dealing with a much bigger 
rate increase," Steve Fleishman, Merrill Lynch utility analyst, told Dow 
Jones Newswires recently. 
Sierra Pacific is the parent company of electric utilities Sierra Pacific 
Power Co. and Nevada Power, which serve customers in the state's North and 
South, respectively. 
-By Jessica Berthold, Dow Jones Newswires; 323-658-3872, 
jessica.berthold@dowjones.com -0- 07/03/01 01-04G
Many Power Deals Announced by California Governor Still Not Final
By Jason Leopold
03/06/2001
Dow Jones Business News
Dow Jones Newswires 
LOS ANGELES -- Many of the long-term power-supply contracts announced by 
California Gov. Gray Davis this week remain under negotiation or are the 
subject of ongoing lawsuits, power suppliers said Tuesday.
The lack of finality to the deals raises questions about the state's success 
in covering its power needs, particularly going into what is expected to be 
an unusually tight summer. 
Generators said privately they were surprised the governor went ahead with 
his announcement Monday, given that many of the contracts haven't been 
signed. 
David Freeman, general manager of the Los Angeles Department of Water and 
Power, who negotiated the contracts on behalf of the state, conceded that 
details remain to be worked out. "This is not a done deal," Mr. Freeman said, 
adding that credit concerns are keeping generators from signing the deals. 
Gov. Davis announced Monday that California has secured 40 long-term 
contracts that will provide California with about 629 million megawatt hours 
of electricity over 10 years, at a price of more than $40 billion. A megawatt 
hour is roughly the amount of electricity needed to power 1,000 homes. 
Several of those forward deals, however, involve contracts originally held by 
Edison International (EIX) unit Southern California Edison and PG&E Corp. 
(PCG) unit Pacific Gas & Electric at the California Power Exchange, 
previously the state's main power market. 
The governor seized those contracts earlier this year, just before the Power 
Exchange liquidated them to cover hundreds of millions of dollars in power 
bills the utilities had failed to pay. 
The contracts, which total about 1.3 million megawatt hours of electricity 
and have a market value of about $1 billion, according to market sources, 
have yet to be paid for or signed over to the state. Duke Energy Corp. (DUK one of the suppliers that sold the contracts to Pacific Gas and SoCal Ed, has 
sued Gov. Davis for unlawfully commandeering those contracts. 
Although Duke has reached an interim settlement to continue providing power 
to the state Department of Water Resources until April 30, the company and 
the Davis administration still have to "develop a comprehensive long-term 
settlement to pay for the power supply contracts," said Duke spokesman Tom 
Williams. 
The governor went ahead with the announcement, because the California 
Department of Water Resources believes it will be able to finalize and sign 
the contracts over the next several weeks, Davis spokesman Steve Maviglio 
said. 
Separately, several suppliers named in the governor's announcement Monday including Duke, Reliant Energy Inc. (REI), Mirant Corp. (MIR), Sempra Energy, 
Enron Corp. (ENE) and Avista Corp. (AVA) -- said they have yet to sign final 
agreements with the state, although negotiations were ongoing. 
"We are working in good faith with the DWR toward a long-term contract," said 
Art Larson, spokesman for Sempra Energy Resources, a unit of Sempra. Mr. 
Larson said Sempra signed a terms of agreement with the water-resources 
department and expects to reach a final agreement over the next several 
weeks. 
Reliant said it has only signed a short-term contract with the state that 
expires in about two weeks. The company will only sign a long-term contract 
once it's paid more than $400 million owed by Pacific Gas and SoCal Ed, 
spokesman Richard Wheatley said. 
Mirant said it also won't sign contracts with the state until it's paid. 
Enron said it's reached agreement on terms with the state, but has some 
credit-related details to hammer out. "Everything's been agreed to except for 
some credit technicalities," Enron spokesman Mark Palmer said. 
Meanwhile, small, independent power plants in California that are capable of 
generating 1,800 megawatts of power are shut down because their owners 
haven't been paid by the state's two main utilities, the California 
Independent System Operator said Tuesday. 
The decline in small-plant output has contributed to the state's power-supply 
problems the past two months. Partnerships involving El Paso Corp. (EPG), for 
example, shut down 350 megawatts of generation last weekend due to 
nonpayment, the company said Tuesday. 
SoCal Ed hasn't paid the owners of the smaller generators, known as 
"qualifying facilities," since early December, which means the generators are 
still owed for electric production in October, while PG&E has paid only a 
small percentage of its qualifying facility bills since its last full payment 
in early January. 
The plants, one-third of which are powered by renewable sources like wind and 
solar power, meet almost 30% of California's electricity needs. Almost all of 
the closed generators are fueled by natural gas, and many haven't been able 
to pay their gas suppliers and have been cut off from their gas supply. 
The California Senate Energy Committee plans to vote on legislation to create 
a new pricing system for all qualifying facilities this week. The proposed 
bill would cut the prices to qualifying facilities from about 17 cents a 
kilowatt-hour the past eight months to about eight cents, depending on the 
price of five-year natural-gas contracts the generators can sign. The plants 
that run on renewable resources would be paid 5.4 cents a kilowatt-hour. 
-- Mark Golden contributed to this article. 
Write to Jason Leopold at jason.leopold@dowjones.com 
All Rights Reserved
US Natural Gas Prices Fall As Demand Slips In Most Areas
03/06/2001
Dow Jones Energy Service
HOUSTON -(Dow Jones)- U.S. natural gas physical prices fell Tuesday as demand 
eased, except in the Northeast and Southeast areas of the country, traders 
said. 
Heavy snowstorms in the upper Northeast supported some pricing, as did cooler 
weather in Georgia, the Carolinas and the Florida panhandle.
Some storage buying occurred in Texas "if they could make it work," a trader 
said. 
"It was a pretty uneventful day," a Gulf Coast trader said late Tuesday. 
Also, because of the snowstorm in the Northeast, traders had purchased gas 
ahead of time to make up for needed load, he said. 
A scheduled work outage on Enron's Transwestern San Juan lateral in New 
Mexico was completed, and the return of a power plant in California 
alleviated demand in the West, traders said. 
At the Arizona-California border hub, buyers paid around $13-$33 a million 
British thermal units, West Coast traders said, down as much as $15 from 
Monday. 
At PG&E Citygate, prices were mixed, with buyers paying $9.75-$10.65/MMBtu, 
down 25 cents on the bid, up 15 cents on the offer. 
In the Midwest, Chicago Citygate prices fell 7 cents-8 cents to a range of 
$5.42-$5.53/MMBtu. Alliance Pipeline into Chicago traded around 
$5.47-$5.52/MMBtu, down 4 cents to 9 cents from Monday. 
The Nymex April natural gas futures contract settled at $5.315/MMBtu, down 
2.1 cents in a tight, range-bound, uneventful session that started late due 
to bad weather. 
Physical gas prices at the benchmark Henry Hub in south Louisiana ended in a 
range of $5.25-$5.30/MMBtu, down 2 cents-6 cents from Monday. 
Transcontinental Gas Pipe Line at Station 65 deals were made in a similar 
range of $5.26-$5.35/MMBtu, down 2 cents on the bid, unchanged on the offer. 
At Katy in East Texas, buyers paid $5.21-$5.30/MMBtu, down 5 cents-6 cents. 
At Waha, prices fell 9 cents-12 cents to a range of $5.15-$5.30/MMBtu. 
-By John Edmiston, Dow Jones Newswires; 713-547-9209; 
john.edmiston@dowjones.com
Tamara Hopkins/ENRON@Xgate
03/08/2001 08:53 AM
Steve, for the last two years I have been working for Shelley and my 
responsibilities include working with the ETS  and NBPL to determine our 
positions as it relates to the standardization process at GISB.  In the last 
budget process, it was decided to reduce our level of support at GISB and my 
position will be eliminated March 31.  I have been working with Cindy and her 
Redeployment Team to look at other opportunities within Enron but to date, I 
have not received an offer.  I would be interested in talking to someone in 
your organization about any opportunities within Government Affairs.  If 
there are any opportunities in your areas, could you direct me to the 
appropriate person 
Thanks!
Tammy Hopkins
Here are the message points
Yorleni Mendez
03/08/2001 10:00 AM
This is an issue we need to stay on top of.  Felicia: could you please put=20
some background together for everyone on the list?
=09Felecia Acevedo
=0903/08/2001 10:27 AM
=09=09=20
Steve,
Do you think your Gov't Affairs group could do some investigation for us on=20
what the states are doing concerning strengthening the current equal pay=20
laws?  Also, the Paycheck Fairness Act (S.77) was introduced in the U.S.=20
Senate on January 22, 2001 and referred to the Committee on Health,=20
Education, Labor, and Pensions.  (Sponsors Mr. Daschle, Ms. Mikulski, Mr.=20
Kennedy, Mr. Harkin, Mr. Wellstone, Ms. Landrieu, Mrs. Lincoln, Mr. Akaka,=20
Mr. Breaux, Mr. Cleland, Mr. Durbin, Mr. Inouye, Mr. Kerry, Mr. Leahy, Mr.=20
Reid, Mr. Sarbanes, Mr. Schumer, and Mr. Johnson.  Added after the bill was=20
introduced.....Mr. Torricelli, Mrs. Murray, Mrs. Boxer, Mr. Dodd, Mrs.=20
Clinton, Mr. Feingold).  It appears that this proposed act has some reporting=20
requirements that could be very burdensome for us--it would probably make us=20
have to re-think how we have our compensation system structured.  Could=20
someone in your group get a feel for what is happening with this in=20
Washington and what kind of support it is getting? =20
Thanks!
The below was published in SHRM=01,s HRVoice - MARCH  2001 INSIDER
Campaign To Enact Comparable Worth Legislation Launched In 12 States;=20
Numerous Others Introducing Legislation
On February 7, a number of state legislators, labor organizations, and policy=20
advocates launched a campaign to promote state legislation that would=20
strengthen current equal pay laws and encourage comparable worth pay systems.=20
Although 12 states have been explicitly identified as targets for the=20
passage of such  legislation, a number of other states have already=20
introduced bills to further address wage discrimination.=20
Proponents of the campaign maintain that current national and state laws that=20
mandate equal pay for equal work do not go far enough to remedy past and=20
current discrimination in compensation.  Therefore, they claim government=20
intervention is necessary to raise women's or minorities' wages and eliminate=20
gender and race-based wage discrimination.=20
State legislators are considering varying proposals to remedy wage=20
disparities, including: commissioning pay equity studies, increasing=20
penalties for violations of current equal pay laws, or implementing mandated=20
job evaluation and comparison (comparable worth) pay systems to raise wages=20
for jobs that are traditionally dominated by women or minorities.=20
The following states have been identified as targets of this legislation. =20
For those states that have already seen legislation introduced, the bill=20
numbers are also included:=20
Alabama
Arizona (Senate Bill 1266)
Colorado (SB 41),
Connecticut
Georgia (SR 147)
Massachusetts (HB 2110)
New Mexico
Nevada
Ohio
Texas (HB 95) *House Bill 95 provides an employee who files a wage claim with=20
legal protection from retaliation.=20
Wisconsin
West Virginia
Other states not included in the campaign are also seeking wage=20
discrimination legislation:=20
Indiana (HB 1438)=20
Iowa (HB 221, HB 226)=20
Minnesota (HB 666, SB 638) =20
Missouri (HB 115)=20
Mississippi (HB 176, SB 2632-both died)=20
New York (AB 3594, SB 2190-public sector employees affected only)=20
Pennsylvania (HB 140)=20
Rhode Island (SB 171)=20
Wyoming (HB 239-passed Senate Feb. 29)=20
For more information please visit the "Equal Pay" fact sheet at=20
sp
Make sure this is consistent with the lists we put in the memo.  thanks
Charlene Jackson
03/09/2001 12:11 PM
Attached is the document reflecting the changes in the PRC Reps pursuant to 
our conversation yesterday afternoon.  Please call if you need any additional 
information.
Charlene
3-9233
Excerpts by email are fine.  Also, as I mentioned, I am very impressed with 
your background and accomplishments, but I would like to have you meet a 
couple of other people in my group before making a final offer.
Thanks and stay warm!
"Kim, Amy"  	03/09/2001 08:44 AM
Dear Mr. Kean:
Thank you for your call.  I am looking forward to working for you.  I will
be available as of June 1, 2001.
I will have the writing samples and resume ready for you on Monday, March 1,
2001.  Should I fax it to you?  Also, my dissertation is quite lengthy.
Would you like for me to forward you one chapter or just a couple pages?
As discussed, I will be available to come down to Houston between March 30
and April 6, 2001.  More snow (as in 6 inches) is expected today and
tomorrow.  I'm only 5'6".  Pretty soon I will be buried in it since it's
snow upon snow.  HELP!!
I look forward to seeing you again.
,
Amy
Please see the attached letter to Sen. Feinstein.
Steve Kean is in town on Mon. March 12th, but I have several meetings already 
booked.  Let me know the time and I will let you know his availability.
Thanks.
Maureen McVicker
3-1808
Melissa Jones
03/07/2001 02:28 PM
I am trying to coordinate calendars for the purpose of scheduling the 
External Accountability Subcommittee Meeting.  The tenative date that we are 
looking at is next Monday, March 12th.  If you could get back to me at your 
convenience, or have your assistants do so, I would greatly appreciate it.  I 
can be reached via email, or by telephone in Houston @ (713) 853-7960.
,
Melissa Jones
Sr. Admin. Asst.
Catherine McKalip-Thompson @ ENRON COMMUNICATIONS on 03/02/2001 12:21:12 PM
Melissa,
I sent Jean and draft agenda and workplan framework onthe 28th, and so she'll 
probably want to send out some additional meeting information once we have 
the date/time confirmed.  But in the interests of scheduling the meeting with 
everyone's busy schedules, I appreciate you starting the process with next 
Friday March 9th before 1pm or so (to accommodate Mark in London 
The following people are on the subcommittee and should be invited Steve Barth, EBS
Steve Kean, Enron Corp
Jimmy Mogal, Enron India
Miguel Padron, Enron South America
Mark Schroeder Enron Europe
Thanks! Call me if you need anything further.  I think I will be in Houston 
next Wed- Friday (but possibly may be here Tuesday also).
Catherine
Catherine McKalip-Thompson
Manager, Environmental Responsibility
Enron Corp.
101 California Street, Suite 1950
San Francisco, CA 94111
Tel: 415.782.7842
Fax: 415.782.7854
26th - I'm not sure Steve will be back from an offsite.
Steve is open March 27th and 28th 
He will probably be out of town on the 29th and 30th.
Maureen
Lexi Elliott
03/05/2001 03:07 PM
I need to schedule a cultivation dinner for our 3 Rice summer intern 
candidates and would like for Steve, Mark, or Brad to attend, if at all 
possible.
Please let me know if and when you would be available March 26-30 for  dinner 
.  The candidates' accept deadline is April 4.
Thank you!
lexi
3-4585
Got a voicemail from Rob Walls.  They are (have been) looking into it 
No, contact Rosalee Fleming (ken's assistant).  I let her know that you would 
be preparing the briefing.
Ricardo Charvel@
08/03/2000 08:30 PM
Do we have an estimated deadline for presenting the info to Ken Lay?
Please let me know.
Ricardo
I just checked with Jeff and Ken.  They are both out of the office that day Sorry it didn't work out.
gilbert whitaker  	03/06/2001 07:14 PM
Steve -
With respect to CK Prahalad's visit to Rice. As you know we are having a 
breakfast for the business community the morning of March 19 and he gives 
the Neuhas Lecture on Campus at 9:45 am.  Following the lunch there is a 
lunch with Mrs. Neuhas the donor of the fund and faculty.  That should be 
over by 1:15.  He has a date from two to five at Enron with Yeager (Steve 
or Scott).  He would like to meet with Ken or Jeff sometime that afternoon 
if at all possible.
Thanks for your help.
gil
It looks like we are playing a smaller role than the WSJ article indicates i.e. a role commensurate with our level of interest.  I have talked with John 
several times about the relative importance of OPIC, ExIm and other funding 
organizations in light of the change in emphasis in our business.  As a 
result of those discussions we cut headcount and expenditures from the 
proposed budget for "01 and John has joined Linda Robertson's organization in 
the DC office (instead of being a stand alone effort).  Having said that, my 
view (based on the work John has been doing) is that we continue to have a 
considerable amount of work for him to do on the project finance front as a 
result of existing projects, projects we continue to pursue, and transfer 
issues associated with the asset sales.  Do you agree?
John Hardy@_DEVELOPMENT
03/07/2001 10:59 AM
Steve
This is not a battle to fight with OMB, but we have to show the agencies 
that we are supportive of  their programs and their budgets.  We are not 
going to lead the battle and in fact have not particpated in meetings on the 
hill.  But we are in negotiations with both EXIM and OPIC on Electrobolt and 
will need their support on our problem projects.  Also, Rebecca McDonald is 
on EXIM's private sector advisory committee.  If you need more lets talk Thanks John  
Steven J Kean@
03/07/2001 11:43 AM
How important is this fight to us now (see attached article on ExIm)?
Ann M Schmidt
03/07/2001 08:19 AM
Exporters Rush to Ex-Im Bank's Defense --- Lobby Campaign to Prevent Budget 
Cuts Seeks Help Of 100,000 Small Firms
The Wall Street Journal, 03/07/01
Plots & Ploys
The Wall Street Journal, 03/07/01
Dutch Gas Competition Grows Despite Sluggish Reforms
Dow Jones Energy Service, 03/07/01
USA: Big U.S. exporters to fight Ex-Im Bank cuts - WSJ.
Reuters English News Service, 03/07/01
Major U.S. Exporters Rush to Export-Import Bank's Defense
Dow Jones Business News, 03/07/01
What's News
United States
The Globe and Mail, 03/07/01
Deal with state could take until 2002 to close
Associated Press Newswires, 03/06/01
Sierra Pacific CEO Doubts SEC OK Of Enron Unit Buy-Report
Dow Jones Energy Service, 03/06/01
Many Power Deals Announced by California Governor Still Not Final
Dow Jones Business News, 03/06/01
US Natural Gas Prices Fall As Demand Slips In Most Areas
Dow Jones Energy Service, 03/06/01
Economy
Exporters Rush to Ex-Im Bank's Defense --- Lobby Campaign to Prevent Budget 
Cuts Seeks Help Of 100,000 Small Firms
By Michael M. Phillips and Laura Heinauer
Staff Reporters of The Wall Street Journal
03/07/2001
The Wall Street Journal
A2
WASHINGTON -- Angry and confused that a Republican administration has 
targeted one of their favorite programs for big cuts, America's largest 
exporters are appealing for help from lawmakers. 
Boeing Co., Caterpillar Inc., Enron Corp., Halliburton Co. and others are 
launching an aggressive lobbying campaign on Capitol Hill to protect the 
Export-Import Bank from budget reductions; the White House labels the Ex-Im 
Bank as corporate welfare.
"The administration has fired its shot, and now we're firing ours," said 
Edmund B. Rice, president of the Coalition for Employment Through Exports, an 
industry group that is leading the effort. 
Since they got wind of the proposed cuts a few weeks ago, business lobbyists 
have been trying to rally sympathetic lawmakers. And executives at Boeing, 
Caterpillar and other big companies plan to contact some 100,000 smaller 
suppliers that benefit indirectly from the $12.6 billion of export loans, 
guarantees and insurance that Ex-Im Bank provided in the last fiscal year. 
Those small companies, the executives hope, will create a groundswell of 
support in Congress for the Ex-Im Bank. 
"Companies large and small who have similar interests here are banding 
together to provide an educational effort so people understand the impact of 
this," said Chris Hansen, Boeing senior vice president for government 
relations. 
Corporate lobbyists also have dug up a speech that Vice President Dick 
Cheney, while chief executive of Halliburton, gave in 1997 praising the bank 
and scoffing at those who consider it a giveaway to big business. They plan 
to pass Mr. Cheney's comments to influential members of Congress this week. 
"We'll be circulating them very broadly," Mr. Rice said. 
A spokeswoman for Mr. Cheney had no immediate comment. 
Ex-Im Bank officials aren't talking publicly, avoiding the appearance that 
they are battling the White House to overturn the proposed 25% cut in the 
bank's $865 million operating budget for the current fiscal year, which ends 
Sept. 30. But an Ex-Im official said the topic has come up in conversations 
between key lawmakers and Ex-Im Bank Chairman James A. Harmon, who is soon to 
be succeeded by Mel Sembler, a Bush campaign fund-raiser and a 
shopping-center developer. 
At first, business lobbyists assumed administration budgeteers were just 
looking for savings anywhere they could find it. Before President Bush 
released his spending plan last week, companies appealed to Mitchell Daniels, 
head of the White House budget office, in an attempt to keep the Ex-Im Bank 
cuts out of the final proposal. 
The Ex-Im Bank's corporate clients include some of the country's largest 
political contributors. Boeing, the bank's largest user, received $3.3 
billion of financing last year. The Seattle aerospace company and its 
employees contributed $1.8 million to politicians and parties during the 2000 
election cycle, 61% to Republicans, according to federal election data 
assembled by the Center for Responsive Politics. Caterpillar, a Peoria, Ill maker of engines and heavy equipment that secured seven Ex-Im Bank deals last 
year, and its employees contributed more than $500,000 -- 96% to Republicans. 
Company officials deny they wanted to leverage donations to try to secure 
political support for the Ex-Im Bank. 
Many lobbyists have come to the conclusion that administration officials those of a libertarian persuasion -- oppose Ex-Im Bank as a form of welfare 
for corporations. Indeed, the White House budget plan criticized the bank's 
operations as unjustified public subsidies for companies. "That makes it a 
much more serious issue," Mr. Rice said. "We're concerned that the 
administration seems to be turning its attention in this direction Barring intervention from Mr. Cheney, business groups now have largely given 
up hope of convincing the White House to back down, planning instead to use 
their muscle to convince Congress to restore the Ex-Im Bank's funding. Bank 
officials and U.S. companies argue that, far from being a subsidy, the bank 
simply allows American companies to compete with European and Japanese firms 
that receive assistance from their own governments. 
"In many markets in Asia and Africa, the bank is absolutely critical to our 
ability to sell American-made products," said Bill Lane, Caterpillar's 
Washington director for governmental affairs. 
--- Corporate Beneficiaries
Top 10 recipients of Ex-Im Bank loans, guarantees and insurance for
fiscal year 2000, as measured by amount of financing, in millions
Boeing $3,335
Bechtel Group $1,075
Distributed Processing Systems $388
Willbros Group $387
United Technologies $334
Raytheon $156
General Electric $150
Halliburton $136
Enron $135
LSI Logic $120
Source: Ex-Im Bank
The Property Report
Plots & Ploys
By Peter Grant
03/07/2001
The Wall Street Journal
B10
[What's Brewing in the Real Estate Market] 
No Problem, Houston 
CENTURY DEVELOPMENT is about to announce plans to break ground on downtown 
Houston's third major office development in less than three years. In another 
sign of the strength of the city's energy sector, Century is finalizing a 
headquarters deal with Reliant Resources Inc. to take more than two-thirds of 
the project's 850,000 square feet, says Edwin Murphy, a Century senior vice 
president. 
Two other towers also are underway. In 1999, Hines began building a 1.2 
million square-foot tower for Enron Corp. and late last year Crescent Real 
Estate Equities broke ground on a 27-story tower that will be anchored by 
Ernst & Young. These three projects are the first major downtown office 
projects to get underway since 1986. 
The surge is part of a renaissance of downtown Houston, where new sports 
facilities, hotels, apartment buildings and restaurants have been mushrooming 
in recent years. "The new amenities have kept people from leaving and enticed 
people to come back," says Michael Hassler, of CB Richard Ellis. 
Dutch Gas Competition Grows Despite Sluggish Reforms
By Germana Canzi
Of DOW JONES NEWSWIRES
03/07/2001
Dow Jones Energy Service
LONDON -(Dow Jones)- The Netherlands is emerging as an important testing 
ground for E.U. gas liberalization, as new trading hubs for competitive, 
short-term gas supplies from the U.K. and Norway emerge on the Belgian and 
German borders. 
However, much remains to be done. A group of large energy users and traders 
is preparing to confront Gasunie Thursday in a hearing organized by the 
regulator. The main issues of contention are the balancing system, which 
Gasunie conducts on an hourly basis, the extent to which transport tariffs 
are cost-focused and third-party access to storage facilities.
The emergence of competition in the Dutch gas sector is mostly due to the 
initiative of new market entrants who, despite a difficult regulatory 
environment, have managed to develop a market for short-term gas virtually 
from scratch. 
If liquidity improves in these emerging hubs, the Netherlands could become an 
important transit country for freely tradeable gas supplies to other 
countries in northwest Europe, as well as being an important market in its 
own right. However, the difficulty of implementing transparent third-party 
access systems in the Netherlands and in neighboring Germany casts a dark 
cloud over recent progress in competition. 
Since December, Enron Europe Ltd. (U.ENE), Duke Energy Corp. (DUK), E.On AG 
(EON), RWE AG (G.RWE) and Electrabel SA (B.ELE) have been actively buying and 
selling gas, sourced in the U.K., the Netherlands and Norway, in a number of 
hubs between Emden in Germany and Emshaven and Oude Statenzijl in the 
Netherlands. 
David Gallagher, head of European gas trading at Enron in London, estimates 
that at least one trade a day of around 100,000 therms for a quarterly 
contract is done at the Oude Statenzijl hub, where the Gasunie pipeline 
system connects to the network of Wingas GmbH. 
An important element kick-starting short-term trading was the sale, in 
December 2000, of a 2 billion cubic meter a year Norwegian gas supply 
contract to five Dutch-based power generators. 
Robert van der Hoeven, head of fuel procurement at Electrabel, the owner of 
Dutch generator EPON, said his company uses most of the gas it imports from 
Norway for its plants in the Netherlands and trades the rest on a short-term 
basis in the Oude-Emden area. This pattern is common to the other Dutch-based 
parties to that contract. 
Trading in Dutch hubs received a further boost when Nederlandse Gasunie NV 
(N.NEG) decided, after months of wrangling with regulator DTe, to lower its 
transport tariffs by 6.5% from January 2001 and to unbundle its combined 
commodity and service tariff, the so-called CSS system, from July 2001. 
Gasunie now claims its pipeline system is fully open and transparent. To 
prove this, it says it has lost 30% of its customers in the eligible market, 
but that figure hasn't changed much since March 2000. Small wonder that 
critics say the switching figure doesn't necessarily indicate an ideal system 
of third-party access. 
According to energy consultants The Brattle Group, around half of the gas 
used by alternative suppliers goes through the 1 bcm/year Zebra pipeline from 
Zelzate to Zeeland, which was built by Dutch utilities a few years ago 
precisely because Gasunie refused to provide access on favorable terms. 
Shippers have complained that the hourly system used by Gasunie to balance 
the pipeline system raises the overall cost of shipping through its network 
significantly. Gasunie imposes a balancing charge which effectively forces 
shippers to pay for the extra gas brought into the system from storage sites, 
in addition to the capacity and transmission price. Critics say Gasunie has 
so far failed to unbundle these charges, although it agreed to do so in 
January. 
According to the Brattle Group, another controversial aspect of Gasunie's 
tariff system is that it is based on theoretical costs of constructing new 
pipelines rather than its actual costs. 
The DTe is also considering ways of reforming the storage system to make it 
competitive. BP PLC (U.BP) and Nederlandse Aardolie Maatschappij NV operate 
storage facilities and lease capacity to Gasunie through long-term contracts. 
The regulator is studying ways of allowing third parties access to storage 
facilities. Gasunie has so far shown little sign of negotiating more 
competitive tariffs with storage operators and passing on the benefits to 
customers, critics say. 
The growth of short-term trading in the Dutch gas market is also inevitably 
linked to its potential as a transit country for gas coming from the 
U.K.-Belgium gas interconnector and going towards the 82bcm-a-year German 
market. 
Market participants say liquidity at the Emden and Oude hubs has grown 
considerably since E.On and RWE started trading there earlier this year. 
However, the obstructive attitude of incumbents toward third-party access 
there has meant that so far most gas traded in the Netherlands has remained 
there. 
-By Germana Canzi, Dow Jones Newswires; +44 20 7842 9283; 
germana.canzi@dowjones.com
USA: Big U.S. exporters to fight Ex-Im Bank cuts - WSJ.
03/07/2001
Reuters English News Service
(C) Reuters Limited 2001.
NEW YORK, March 7 (Reuters) - America's largest exporters are launching an 
aggressive lobbying campaign on Capitol Hill to protect the Export-Import 
Bank from budget reductions, the Wall Street Journal reported in its online 
edition on Wednesday. 
The exporters, including Boeing Co. , Caterpillar Inc. , Enron Corp Halliburton Co. and others, are angry and confused that a Republican 
administration has targeted one of their favourite programmes for big cuts, 
the paper reported.
Ex-Im Bank officials were not talking publicly, avoiding the appearance that 
they are battling the White House to overturn the proposed 25 percent cut in 
the bank's $865 million operating budget for the current fiscal year, which 
ends Sept 30, it said. 
The White House labels the Ex-Im Bank as corporate welfare. 
"The administration has fired its shot, and now we're firing ours," Edmund 
Rice, president of the Coalition for Employment Through Exports, an industry 
group that is leading the effort, was quoted as saying by the paper. 
Executives at Boeing, Caterpillar and other big companies plan to contact 
some 100,000 smaller suppliers who benefit indirectly from the $12.6 billion 
of export loans, guarantees and insurance that Ex-Im Bank provided in the 
last fiscal year, the paper said. 
Those small companies, the executives hope, will create a groundswell of 
support in Congress for the Ex-Im Bank, it said. 
New York Newsroom (212) 859-1700.
Major U.S. Exporters Rush to Export-Import Bank's Defense
03/07/2001
Dow Jones Business News
WASHINGTON -- Angry and confused that a Republican administration has 
targeted one of their favorite programs for big cuts, America's largest 
exporters are appealing for help from lawmakers, Wednesday's Wall Street 
Journal reported. 
Boeing Co. (BA), Caterpillar Inc. (CAT), Enron Corp. (ENE), Halliburton Co. 
(HAL) and others are launching an aggressive lobbying campaign on Capitol 
Hill to protect the Export-Import Bank from budget reductions; the White 
House labels the Ex-Im Bank as corporate welfare.
"The administration has fired its shot, and now we're firing ours," said 
Edmund B. Rice, president of the Coalition for Employment Through Exports, an 
industry group that is leading the effort. 
Since they got wind of the proposed cuts a few weeks ago, business lobbyists 
have been trying to rally sympathetic lawmakers. And executives at Boeing, 
Caterpillar and other big companies plan to contact some 100,000 smaller 
suppliers that benefit indirectly from the $12.6 billion of export loans, 
guarantees and insurance that Ex-Im Bank provided in the last fiscal year. 
Those small companies, the executives hope, will create a groundswell of 
support in Congress for the Ex-Im Bank. 
Corporate lobbyists also have dug up a speech that Vice President Dick 
Cheney, while chief executive of Halliburton, gave in 1997 praising the bank 
and scoffing at those who consider it a giveaway to big business. They plan 
to pass Mr. Cheney's comments to influential members of Congress this week. 
A spokeswoman for Mr. Cheney had no immediate comment. 
Ex-Im Bank officials aren't talking publicly, avoiding the appearance that 
they are battling the White House to overturn the proposed 25% cut in the 
bank's $865 million operating budget for the current fiscal year, which ends 
Sept. 30. But an Ex-Im official said the topic has come up in conversations 
between key lawmakers and Ex-Im Bank Chairman James A. Harmon, who is soon to 
be succeeded by Mel Sembler, a Bush campaign fund-raiser and a 
shopping-center developer. 
All Rights Reserved.
Report on Business: The Wall Street Journal
What's News
United States
Wall Street Journal
03/07/2001
The Globe and Mail
Metro
B10
licensors. All rights reserved."
Boeing Co., Caterpillar Inc. and Enron Corp. are among the big U.S. exporters 
launching an aggressive lobbying campaign on Capitol Hill to protect the 
Export-Import Bank from budget reductions. The White House labels the Ex-Im 
Bank as corporate welfare. "The administration has fired its shot, and now 
we're firing ours," said Edmund Rice, president of the Coalition for 
Employment Through Exports, an industry group leading the campaign. Since 
they got wind of the proposed cuts a few weeks ago, business lobbyists have 
been trying to rally sympathetic U.S. law makers.
Deal with state could take until 2002 to close
By LESLIE GORNSTEIN
AP Business Writer
03/06/2001
Associated Press Newswires
LOS ANGELES (AP) - A tentative deal aimed at rescuing Southern California 
Edison from insolvency might not close in time to prevent the utility from 
begging creditors for more patience, Edison officials said Tuesday. 
The utility's tentative, $2.7 billion agreement to sell its power lines to 
the state could take until 2002 to be consummated, thanks to complicated 
legal issues and other paperwork, an Edison official told bondholders Tuesday.
Once the deal is signed, Edison will try to borrow against the promised cash, 
but Edison International Chief Financial Officer Ted Craver admitted the 
utility might have to ask creditors to simply wait for their money until it 
has the $2.7 billion in hand. 
Energy suppliers owed money by Edison did not immediately return calls for 
comment Tuesday. 
At least four groups of suppliers have sued Edison for millions in unpaid 
bills going back months. Edison and fellow utility Pacific Gas & Electric 
have said they have lost $13 billion on the open power market thanks to 
soaring prices paired with state-imposed price caps. 
PG&E's parent company was able to recently borrow $1 billion to pay its 
stockholders and its debuts. It did not use any of that money to pay PG&E's 
bills. 
Edison's disclosure, meanwhile, shocked state officials. 
Steve Maviglio, spokesman for Gov. Gray Davis, initially declined to comment 
on the status of the Edison deal, but eventually said, regarding its closure, 
"We're optimistic it will be sooner rather than later The pacing would have nothing to do with whether fellow utilities Sempra 
Energy and PG&E also sell their transmission lines to California, Craver 
said. 
Among the things that could delay the deal's closing is Edison's need to find 
landowners on whose property its lines were built to assure no legal 
agreements are being violated by the sale. Edison would also have to pin down 
exactly what it would be selling to the state - terms that might not be 
decided until after a deal has been inked, Craver said. 
"Trust me," Craver said in a phone call after the conference. "There are a 
lot of legal-type documents - stuff that you and I ... would think of as a 
bloody nightmare The disclosure comes at a time when an increasing number of power suppliers 
are suing the utility for millions in unpaid bills. 
Edison also disclosed Tuesday that two more lawsuits had landed in its lap one by a group of wind-powered generators including Enron Wind, the other by 
two suppliers including New York-based Caithness Energy. 
Both suits were filed during the past five days, Edison Assistant General 
Counsel Barbara Reeves said. It was not immediately clear how much the 
complainants were seeking; neither Enron nor Caithness returned calls for 
comment. 
The two filings bring the total number of suits by renewable-energy suppliers 
against Edison to four, the utility said. The city of Long Beach and 
CalEnergy Operating Group, a geothermal supplier, have also sued for back 
payments. 
CalEnergy alone has said it is owed $45 million in November and December 
payments. 
The line sale, part of a multifaceted, tentative deal with the state that 
could save Edison from insolvency, could take anywhere from several months 
into next year, Craver said. 
The tentative deal, announced by Gov. Gray Davis Feb. 23, calls for the state 
to pay more than twice the book value for Edison's lines. 
It also would require Edison to sell cheap power to the state for a decade 
and for Edison to end its lawsuit against state regulators. The suit asserts 
that price caps imposed by the California Public Utilities Commission are 
illegal under federal law. 
Additionally, Edison's parent would have to return $420 million it collected 
from the utility over the past several years. The money was used to pay debt, 
buy back stock and pay dividends to investors. 
SCE, PG&E and Sempra have complained they are near bankruptcy because of 
soaring prices on the open market combined with the state-imposed price caps 
for consumers. 
Sempra and PG&E have yet to announce similar line-sale deals with the state, 
though they and the governor have said negotiations are ongoing. The total 
cost of the 26,000 miles of lines has been estimated at $4.5 billion to $7 
billion.
Sierra Pacific CEO Doubts SEC OK Of Enron Unit Buy-Report
03/06/2001
Dow Jones Energy Service
LOS ANGELES -(Dow Jones)- Sierra Pacific Resources (SRP) CEO Walter Higgins 
said in an interview last week that he doubts the company's $3.1 billion 
acquisition of Enron Corp.'s (ENE) utility Portland General Electric will be 
approved by the federal Securities and Exchange Commission, the Las Vegas Sun 
reported Tuesday. 
The SEC must find that Sierra Pacific is in a strong financial position 
before it will approve the deal, but the company is currently weakened by 
having lost millions of dollars in fuel and purchased power costs, Higgins 
said in the report.
A $311 million rate increase to cover those costs began March 1, but Higgins 
said that money would only pay back those expenses and wouldn't improve the 
company's stability to a level the SEC would find adequate, according to the 
report. 
The Public Utilities Commission can halt the rate hike and order refunds if 
it decides the hike isn't necessary. The PUC is holding hearings to determine 
the prudency of the hike, and members of the state's powerful casino and 
mining industries have filed to intervene. 
Sierra Pacific's plan to shore up its financial position through the sale of 
its 10 power plants, worth nearly $2 billion, may also be in jeopardy. The 
state Senate is considering a bill to block the sales, and Nevada Gov. Kenny 
Guinn recently sent a letter to the PUC asking that it reconsider its order 
allowing electric utilities to sell assets. 
Financial analysts have said that not allowing Sierra Pacific's two utilities 
to sell their assets would have a ripple effect on the company's financial 
position. The asset sales are tied to low-priced power contracts, and if the 
sales are canceled, the low-priced power will be gone as well. 
"If the divestiture is stopped...the state may be dealing with a much bigger 
rate increase," Steve Fleishman, Merrill Lynch utility analyst, told Dow 
Jones Newswires recently. 
Sierra Pacific is the parent company of electric utilities Sierra Pacific 
Power Co. and Nevada Power, which serve customers in the state's North and 
South, respectively. 
-By Jessica Berthold, Dow Jones Newswires; 323-658-3872, 
jessica.berthold@dowjones.com -0- 07/03/01 01-04G
Many Power Deals Announced by California Governor Still Not Final
By Jason Leopold
03/06/2001
Dow Jones Business News
Dow Jones Newswires 
LOS ANGELES -- Many of the long-term power-supply contracts announced by 
California Gov. Gray Davis this week remain under negotiation or are the 
subject of ongoing lawsuits, power suppliers said Tuesday.
The lack of finality to the deals raises questions about the state's success 
in covering its power needs, particularly going into what is expected to be 
an unusually tight summer. 
Generators said privately they were surprised the governor went ahead with 
his announcement Monday, given that many of the contracts haven't been 
signed. 
David Freeman, general manager of the Los Angeles Department of Water and 
Power, who negotiated the contracts on behalf of the state, conceded that 
details remain to be worked out. "This is not a done deal," Mr. Freeman said, 
adding that credit concerns are keeping generators from signing the deals. 
Gov. Davis announced Monday that California has secured 40 long-term 
contracts that will provide California with about 629 million megawatt hours 
of electricity over 10 years, at a price of more than $40 billion. A megawatt 
hour is roughly the amount of electricity needed to power 1,000 homes. 
Several of those forward deals, however, involve contracts originally held by 
Edison International (EIX) unit Southern California Edison and PG&E Corp. 
(PCG) unit Pacific Gas & Electric at the California Power Exchange, 
previously the state's main power market. 
The governor seized those contracts earlier this year, just before the Power 
Exchange liquidated them to cover hundreds of millions of dollars in power 
bills the utilities had failed to pay. 
The contracts, which total about 1.3 million megawatt hours of electricity 
and have a market value of about $1 billion, according to market sources, 
have yet to be paid for or signed over to the state. Duke Energy Corp. (DUK one of the suppliers that sold the contracts to Pacific Gas and SoCal Ed, has 
sued Gov. Davis for unlawfully commandeering those contracts. 
Although Duke has reached an interim settlement to continue providing power 
to the state Department of Water Resources until April 30, the company and 
the Davis administration still have to "develop a comprehensive long-term 
settlement to pay for the power supply contracts," said Duke spokesman Tom 
Williams. 
The governor went ahead with the announcement, because the California 
Department of Water Resources believes it will be able to finalize and sign 
the contracts over the next several weeks, Davis spokesman Steve Maviglio 
said. 
Separately, several suppliers named in the governor's announcement Monday including Duke, Reliant Energy Inc. (REI), Mirant Corp. (MIR), Sempra Energy, 
Enron Corp. (ENE) and Avista Corp. (AVA) -- said they have yet to sign final 
agreements with the state, although negotiations were ongoing. 
"We are working in good faith with the DWR toward a long-term contract," said 
Art Larson, spokesman for Sempra Energy Resources, a unit of Sempra. Mr. 
Larson said Sempra signed a terms of agreement with the water-resources 
department and expects to reach a final agreement over the next several 
weeks. 
Reliant said it has only signed a short-term contract with the state that 
expires in about two weeks. The company will only sign a long-term contract 
once it's paid more than $400 million owed by Pacific Gas and SoCal Ed, 
spokesman Richard Wheatley said. 
Mirant said it also won't sign contracts with the state until it's paid. 
Enron said it's reached agreement on terms with the state, but has some 
credit-related details to hammer out. "Everything's been agreed to except for 
some credit technicalities," Enron spokesman Mark Palmer said. 
Meanwhile, small, independent power plants in California that are capable of 
generating 1,800 megawatts of power are shut down because their owners 
haven't been paid by the state's two main utilities, the California 
Independent System Operator said Tuesday. 
The decline in small-plant output has contributed to the state's power-supply 
problems the past two months. Partnerships involving El Paso Corp. (EPG), for 
example, shut down 350 megawatts of generation last weekend due to 
nonpayment, the company said Tuesday. 
SoCal Ed hasn't paid the owners of the smaller generators, known as 
"qualifying facilities," since early December, which means the generators are 
still owed for electric production in October, while PG&E has paid only a 
small percentage of its qualifying facility bills since its last full payment 
in early January. 
The plants, one-third of which are powered by renewable sources like wind and 
solar power, meet almost 30% of California's electricity needs. Almost all of 
the closed generators are fueled by natural gas, and many haven't been able 
to pay their gas suppliers and have been cut off from their gas supply. 
The California Senate Energy Committee plans to vote on legislation to create 
a new pricing system for all qualifying facilities this week. The proposed 
bill would cut the prices to qualifying facilities from about 17 cents a 
kilowatt-hour the past eight months to about eight cents, depending on the 
price of five-year natural-gas contracts the generators can sign. The plants 
that run on renewable resources would be paid 5.4 cents a kilowatt-hour. 
-- Mark Golden contributed to this article. 
Write to Jason Leopold at jason.leopold@dowjones.com 
All Rights Reserved
US Natural Gas Prices Fall As Demand Slips In Most Areas
03/06/2001
Dow Jones Energy Service
HOUSTON -(Dow Jones)- U.S. natural gas physical prices fell Tuesday as demand 
eased, except in the Northeast and Southeast areas of the country, traders 
said. 
Heavy snowstorms in the upper Northeast supported some pricing, as did cooler 
weather in Georgia, the Carolinas and the Florida panhandle.
Some storage buying occurred in Texas "if they could make it work," a trader 
said. 
"It was a pretty uneventful day," a Gulf Coast trader said late Tuesday. 
Also, because of the snowstorm in the Northeast, traders had purchased gas 
ahead of time to make up for needed load, he said. 
A scheduled work outage on Enron's Transwestern San Juan lateral in New 
Mexico was completed, and the return of a power plant in California 
alleviated demand in the West, traders said. 
At the Arizona-California border hub, buyers paid around $13-$33 a million 
British thermal units, West Coast traders said, down as much as $15 from 
Monday. 
At PG&E Citygate, prices were mixed, with buyers paying $9.75-$10.65/MMBtu, 
down 25 cents on the bid, up 15 cents on the offer. 
In the Midwest, Chicago Citygate prices fell 7 cents-8 cents to a range of 
$5.42-$5.53/MMBtu. Alliance Pipeline into Chicago traded around 
$5.47-$5.52/MMBtu, down 4 cents to 9 cents from Monday. 
The Nymex April natural gas futures contract settled at $5.315/MMBtu, down 
2.1 cents in a tight, range-bound, uneventful session that started late due 
to bad weather. 
Physical gas prices at the benchmark Henry Hub in south Louisiana ended in a 
range of $5.25-$5.30/MMBtu, down 2 cents-6 cents from Monday. 
Transcontinental Gas Pipe Line at Station 65 deals were made in a similar 
range of $5.26-$5.35/MMBtu, down 2 cents on the bid, unchanged on the offer. 
At Katy in East Texas, buyers paid $5.21-$5.30/MMBtu, down 5 cents-6 cents. 
At Waha, prices fell 9 cents-12 cents to a range of $5.15-$5.30/MMBtu. 
-By John Edmiston, Dow Jones Newswires; 713-547-9209; 
john.edmiston@dowjones.com
Please see attached.  Rob, perhaps while in London you could stop by Mark's 
desk to discuss.
Mark Schroeder@ECT
03/07/2001 03:45 AM
Steve - the issue to which I believe Jane is referring in the first sentence 
("confirmation of the issues which I have articulated") concern possible 
paymensts made to receive informal, and favourable, guidance, on customs 
issues (which informal opinions are now seemingly being reversed, formally In some cases such payments may still be legal.  But, subject to Jane 
confirming that I am explaining this correctly (given that the communication 
below is a bit cryptic), it now seems to me to be timely (as Rebecca and Jim 
have apparently been alerted in London on Monday, per her note below) to 
satisfy yourself that we are now clean on this issue under the Foreign 
Corrupt Practices Act.  The informal customs advice was obtained by Muktesh 
Tyagi (spelling?), one of two people known as Sanjay's "fixers" (that should 
make you fell comfortable!).  You may wish to discuss with Jane further, but 
once you satisfy yourself that there is some smoke here, my thought was that 
you might want to simply confirm with Rebecca that we are running the facts 
to ground, so that we can satisfy ourselves that we are either clean, or need 
to come clean with USG.  let me know if you need more.   thanks mcs Jane Wilson@_DEVELOPMENT
07/03/2001 04:38
Mark, I have confirmation of the issues on which I have articulated concern 
to you although such confirmation is verbal.  Apparently, there are more 
areas that I will identify in due time.  This information was conveyed to the 
Legal Team (which included Rebecca, Bruce, Sandeep Katwala and outside 
attorneys) in London on Monday.   In addition, below is additional bad news In addition, there is at issue now the fact that the flow diagrams and import 
lists do not match.  I'll forward an additional e:mail from Seethayya,
Heidi Hellmann
03/06/2001 01:39 AM
I found out more info on some of these extraneous customs issues above and 
beyond the LNG stuff:
PHASE I ISSUES
1. SPM 
(This equipment has already been imported at 22.38%, but customs is claiming 
merit duty rates of 67  This is currently being evaluated by the courts.
Total Value at Risk = $7 MM
2. "D" - Stream
Are Bechtel's design charges of $66 MM specific to our equipment or to the 
project as a whole? 
If the former, then duty of 22.38% should apply.
Total Value at Risk = $13.5 MM  ($66 MM x 22.38%)
PHASE II ISSUES
1. Services Loading on Power Plant Equipment
Same issue as for LNG Equipment. Currently we are paying a 10% loading on 
duty into a reserve deposit to cover this.
Total Value at Risk = $22.38 MM  ($100 MM x 22.38%)
2. LNG Equipment to be dutied at 53.8% or 22.38%?
Think we all know this issue.
Total Value at Risk = $56 MM (as per Risk Matrix)
3. Services Loading on LNG Equipment
Think we all know this issue
Total Value at Risk = $80 MM  ($149 MM x 53.8%)
TOTAL VALUE at RISK ~$180 MM - - This is WORST, WORST CASE!
Note:  There is still this issue of goods being imported under the wrong 
classification.  Currently, this is preventing goods from being imported on 
time, which could lead to delay claims by the contractors.  It will take me 
some time to hunt down what this could cost us if the problem isn't resolved 
soon.  Pavan's estimate is that it will take a month for Site to generate 
accurate equipment lists and for the same to be reviewed and approved by MSEB.
Heidi
How important is this fight to us now (see attached article on ExIm)?
Ann M Schmidt
03/07/2001 08:19 AM
Exporters Rush to Ex-Im Bank's Defense --- Lobby Campaign to Prevent Budget 
Cuts Seeks Help Of 100,000 Small Firms
The Wall Street Journal, 03/07/01
Plots & Ploys
The Wall Street Journal, 03/07/01
Dutch Gas Competition Grows Despite Sluggish Reforms
Dow Jones Energy Service, 03/07/01
USA: Big U.S. exporters to fight Ex-Im Bank cuts - WSJ.
Reuters English News Service, 03/07/01
Major U.S. Exporters Rush to Export-Import Bank's Defense
Dow Jones Business News, 03/07/01
What's News
United States
The Globe and Mail, 03/07/01
Deal with state could take until 2002 to close
Associated Press Newswires, 03/06/01
Sierra Pacific CEO Doubts SEC OK Of Enron Unit Buy-Report
Dow Jones Energy Service, 03/06/01
Many Power Deals Announced by California Governor Still Not Final
Dow Jones Business News, 03/06/01
US Natural Gas Prices Fall As Demand Slips In Most Areas
Dow Jones Energy Service, 03/06/01
Economy
Exporters Rush to Ex-Im Bank's Defense --- Lobby Campaign to Prevent Budget 
Cuts Seeks Help Of 100,000 Small Firms
By Michael M. Phillips and Laura Heinauer
Staff Reporters of The Wall Street Journal
03/07/2001
The Wall Street Journal
A2
WASHINGTON -- Angry and confused that a Republican administration has 
targeted one of their favorite programs for big cuts, America's largest 
exporters are appealing for help from lawmakers. 
Boeing Co., Caterpillar Inc., Enron Corp., Halliburton Co. and others are 
launching an aggressive lobbying campaign on Capitol Hill to protect the 
Export-Import Bank from budget reductions; the White House labels the Ex-Im 
Bank as corporate welfare.
"The administration has fired its shot, and now we're firing ours," said 
Edmund B. Rice, president of the Coalition for Employment Through Exports, an 
industry group that is leading the effort. 
Since they got wind of the proposed cuts a few weeks ago, business lobbyists 
have been trying to rally sympathetic lawmakers. And executives at Boeing, 
Caterpillar and other big companies plan to contact some 100,000 smaller 
suppliers that benefit indirectly from the $12.6 billion of export loans, 
guarantees and insurance that Ex-Im Bank provided in the last fiscal year. 
Those small companies, the executives hope, will create a groundswell of 
support in Congress for the Ex-Im Bank. 
"Companies large and small who have similar interests here are banding 
together to provide an educational effort so people understand the impact of 
this," said Chris Hansen, Boeing senior vice president for government 
relations. 
Corporate lobbyists also have dug up a speech that Vice President Dick 
Cheney, while chief executive of Halliburton, gave in 1997 praising the bank 
and scoffing at those who consider it a giveaway to big business. They plan 
to pass Mr. Cheney's comments to influential members of Congress this week. 
"We'll be circulating them very broadly," Mr. Rice said. 
A spokeswoman for Mr. Cheney had no immediate comment. 
Ex-Im Bank officials aren't talking publicly, avoiding the appearance that 
they are battling the White House to overturn the proposed 25% cut in the 
bank's $865 million operating budget for the current fiscal year, which ends 
Sept. 30. But an Ex-Im official said the topic has come up in conversations 
between key lawmakers and Ex-Im Bank Chairman James A. Harmon, who is soon to 
be succeeded by Mel Sembler, a Bush campaign fund-raiser and a 
shopping-center developer. 
At first, business lobbyists assumed administration budgeteers were just 
looking for savings anywhere they could find it. Before President Bush 
released his spending plan last week, companies appealed to Mitchell Daniels, 
head of the White House budget office, in an attempt to keep the Ex-Im Bank 
cuts out of the final proposal. 
The Ex-Im Bank's corporate clients include some of the country's largest 
political contributors. Boeing, the bank's largest user, received $3.3 
billion of financing last year. The Seattle aerospace company and its 
employees contributed $1.8 million to politicians and parties during the 2000 
election cycle, 61% to Republicans, according to federal election data 
assembled by the Center for Responsive Politics. Caterpillar, a Peoria, Ill maker of engines and heavy equipment that secured seven Ex-Im Bank deals last 
year, and its employees contributed more than $500,000 -- 96% to Republicans. 
Company officials deny they wanted to leverage donations to try to secure 
political support for the Ex-Im Bank. 
Many lobbyists have come to the conclusion that administration officials those of a libertarian persuasion -- oppose Ex-Im Bank as a form of welfare 
for corporations. Indeed, the White House budget plan criticized the bank's 
operations as unjustified public subsidies for companies. "That makes it a 
much more serious issue," Mr. Rice said. "We're concerned that the 
administration seems to be turning its attention in this direction Barring intervention from Mr. Cheney, business groups now have largely given 
up hope of convincing the White House to back down, planning instead to use 
their muscle to convince Congress to restore the Ex-Im Bank's funding. Bank 
officials and U.S. companies argue that, far from being a subsidy, the bank 
simply allows American companies to compete with European and Japanese firms 
that receive assistance from their own governments. 
"In many markets in Asia and Africa, the bank is absolutely critical to our 
ability to sell American-made products," said Bill Lane, Caterpillar's 
Washington director for governmental affairs. 
--- Corporate Beneficiaries
Top 10 recipients of Ex-Im Bank loans, guarantees and insurance for
fiscal year 2000, as measured by amount of financing, in millions
Boeing $3,335
Bechtel Group $1,075
Distributed Processing Systems $388
Willbros Group $387
United Technologies $334
Raytheon $156
General Electric $150
Halliburton $136
Enron $135
LSI Logic $120
Source: Ex-Im Bank
The Property Report
Plots & Ploys
By Peter Grant
03/07/2001
The Wall Street Journal
B10
[What's Brewing in the Real Estate Market] 
No Problem, Houston 
CENTURY DEVELOPMENT is about to announce plans to break ground on downtown 
Houston's third major office development in less than three years. In another 
sign of the strength of the city's energy sector, Century is finalizing a 
headquarters deal with Reliant Resources Inc. to take more than two-thirds of 
the project's 850,000 square feet, says Edwin Murphy, a Century senior vice 
president. 
Two other towers also are underway. In 1999, Hines began building a 1.2 
million square-foot tower for Enron Corp. and late last year Crescent Real 
Estate Equities broke ground on a 27-story tower that will be anchored by 
Ernst & Young. These three projects are the first major downtown office 
projects to get underway since 1986. 
The surge is part of a renaissance of downtown Houston, where new sports 
facilities, hotels, apartment buildings and restaurants have been mushrooming 
in recent years. "The new amenities have kept people from leaving and enticed 
people to come back," says Michael Hassler, of CB Richard Ellis. 
Dutch Gas Competition Grows Despite Sluggish Reforms
By Germana Canzi
Of DOW JONES NEWSWIRES
03/07/2001
Dow Jones Energy Service
LONDON -(Dow Jones)- The Netherlands is emerging as an important testing 
ground for E.U. gas liberalization, as new trading hubs for competitive, 
short-term gas supplies from the U.K. and Norway emerge on the Belgian and 
German borders. 
However, much remains to be done. A group of large energy users and traders 
is preparing to confront Gasunie Thursday in a hearing organized by the 
regulator. The main issues of contention are the balancing system, which 
Gasunie conducts on an hourly basis, the extent to which transport tariffs 
are cost-focused and third-party access to storage facilities.
The emergence of competition in the Dutch gas sector is mostly due to the 
initiative of new market entrants who, despite a difficult regulatory 
environment, have managed to develop a market for short-term gas virtually 
from scratch. 
If liquidity improves in these emerging hubs, the Netherlands could become an 
important transit country for freely tradeable gas supplies to other 
countries in northwest Europe, as well as being an important market in its 
own right. However, the difficulty of implementing transparent third-party 
access systems in the Netherlands and in neighboring Germany casts a dark 
cloud over recent progress in competition. 
Since December, Enron Europe Ltd. (U.ENE), Duke Energy Corp. (DUK), E.On AG 
(EON), RWE AG (G.RWE) and Electrabel SA (B.ELE) have been actively buying and 
selling gas, sourced in the U.K., the Netherlands and Norway, in a number of 
hubs between Emden in Germany and Emshaven and Oude Statenzijl in the 
Netherlands. 
David Gallagher, head of European gas trading at Enron in London, estimates 
that at least one trade a day of around 100,000 therms for a quarterly 
contract is done at the Oude Statenzijl hub, where the Gasunie pipeline 
system connects to the network of Wingas GmbH. 
An important element kick-starting short-term trading was the sale, in 
December 2000, of a 2 billion cubic meter a year Norwegian gas supply 
contract to five Dutch-based power generators. 
Robert van der Hoeven, head of fuel procurement at Electrabel, the owner of 
Dutch generator EPON, said his company uses most of the gas it imports from 
Norway for its plants in the Netherlands and trades the rest on a short-term 
basis in the Oude-Emden area. This pattern is common to the other Dutch-based 
parties to that contract. 
Trading in Dutch hubs received a further boost when Nederlandse Gasunie NV 
(N.NEG) decided, after months of wrangling with regulator DTe, to lower its 
transport tariffs by 6.5% from January 2001 and to unbundle its combined 
commodity and service tariff, the so-called CSS system, from July 2001. 
Gasunie now claims its pipeline system is fully open and transparent. To 
prove this, it says it has lost 30% of its customers in the eligible market, 
but that figure hasn't changed much since March 2000. Small wonder that 
critics say the switching figure doesn't necessarily indicate an ideal system 
of third-party access. 
According to energy consultants The Brattle Group, around half of the gas 
used by alternative suppliers goes through the 1 bcm/year Zebra pipeline from 
Zelzate to Zeeland, which was built by Dutch utilities a few years ago 
precisely because Gasunie refused to provide access on favorable terms. 
Shippers have complained that the hourly system used by Gasunie to balance 
the pipeline system raises the overall cost of shipping through its network 
significantly. Gasunie imposes a balancing charge which effectively forces 
shippers to pay for the extra gas brought into the system from storage sites, 
in addition to the capacity and transmission price. Critics say Gasunie has 
so far failed to unbundle these charges, although it agreed to do so in 
January. 
According to the Brattle Group, another controversial aspect of Gasunie's 
tariff system is that it is based on theoretical costs of constructing new 
pipelines rather than its actual costs. 
The DTe is also considering ways of reforming the storage system to make it 
competitive. BP PLC (U.BP) and Nederlandse Aardolie Maatschappij NV operate 
storage facilities and lease capacity to Gasunie through long-term contracts. 
The regulator is studying ways of allowing third parties access to storage 
facilities. Gasunie has so far shown little sign of negotiating more 
competitive tariffs with storage operators and passing on the benefits to 
customers, critics say. 
The growth of short-term trading in the Dutch gas market is also inevitably 
linked to its potential as a transit country for gas coming from the 
U.K.-Belgium gas interconnector and going towards the 82bcm-a-year German 
market. 
Market participants say liquidity at the Emden and Oude hubs has grown 
considerably since E.On and RWE started trading there earlier this year. 
However, the obstructive attitude of incumbents toward third-party access 
there has meant that so far most gas traded in the Netherlands has remained 
there. 
-By Germana Canzi, Dow Jones Newswires; +44 20 7842 9283; 
germana.canzi@dowjones.com
USA: Big U.S. exporters to fight Ex-Im Bank cuts - WSJ.
03/07/2001
Reuters English News Service
(C) Reuters Limited 2001.
NEW YORK, March 7 (Reuters) - America's largest exporters are launching an 
aggressive lobbying campaign on Capitol Hill to protect the Export-Import 
Bank from budget reductions, the Wall Street Journal reported in its online 
edition on Wednesday. 
The exporters, including Boeing Co. , Caterpillar Inc. , Enron Corp Halliburton Co. and others, are angry and confused that a Republican 
administration has targeted one of their favourite programmes for big cuts, 
the paper reported.
Ex-Im Bank officials were not talking publicly, avoiding the appearance that 
they are battling the White House to overturn the proposed 25 percent cut in 
the bank's $865 million operating budget for the current fiscal year, which 
ends Sept 30, it said. 
The White House labels the Ex-Im Bank as corporate welfare. 
"The administration has fired its shot, and now we're firing ours," Edmund 
Rice, president of the Coalition for Employment Through Exports, an industry 
group that is leading the effort, was quoted as saying by the paper. 
Executives at Boeing, Caterpillar and other big companies plan to contact 
some 100,000 smaller suppliers who benefit indirectly from the $12.6 billion 
of export loans, guarantees and insurance that Ex-Im Bank provided in the 
last fiscal year, the paper said. 
Those small companies, the executives hope, will create a groundswell of 
support in Congress for the Ex-Im Bank, it said. 
New York Newsroom (212) 859-1700.
Major U.S. Exporters Rush to Export-Import Bank's Defense
03/07/2001
Dow Jones Business News
WASHINGTON -- Angry and confused that a Republican administration has 
targeted one of their favorite programs for big cuts, America's largest 
exporters are appealing for help from lawmakers, Wednesday's Wall Street 
Journal reported. 
Boeing Co. (BA), Caterpillar Inc. (CAT), Enron Corp. (ENE), Halliburton Co. 
(HAL) and others are launching an aggressive lobbying campaign on Capitol 
Hill to protect the Export-Import Bank from budget reductions; the White 
House labels the Ex-Im Bank as corporate welfare.
"The administration has fired its shot, and now we're firing ours," said 
Edmund B. Rice, president of the Coalition for Employment Through Exports, an 
industry group that is leading the effort. 
Since they got wind of the proposed cuts a few weeks ago, business lobbyists 
have been trying to rally sympathetic lawmakers. And executives at Boeing, 
Caterpillar and other big companies plan to contact some 100,000 smaller 
suppliers that benefit indirectly from the $12.6 billion of export loans, 
guarantees and insurance that Ex-Im Bank provided in the last fiscal year. 
Those small companies, the executives hope, will create a groundswell of 
support in Congress for the Ex-Im Bank. 
Corporate lobbyists also have dug up a speech that Vice President Dick 
Cheney, while chief executive of Halliburton, gave in 1997 praising the bank 
and scoffing at those who consider it a giveaway to big business. They plan 
to pass Mr. Cheney's comments to influential members of Congress this week. 
A spokeswoman for Mr. Cheney had no immediate comment. 
Ex-Im Bank officials aren't talking publicly, avoiding the appearance that 
they are battling the White House to overturn the proposed 25% cut in the 
bank's $865 million operating budget for the current fiscal year, which ends 
Sept. 30. But an Ex-Im official said the topic has come up in conversations 
between key lawmakers and Ex-Im Bank Chairman James A. Harmon, who is soon to 
be succeeded by Mel Sembler, a Bush campaign fund-raiser and a 
shopping-center developer. 
All Rights Reserved.
Report on Business: The Wall Street Journal
What's News
United States
Wall Street Journal
03/07/2001
The Globe and Mail
Metro
B10
licensors. All rights reserved."
Boeing Co., Caterpillar Inc. and Enron Corp. are among the big U.S. exporters 
launching an aggressive lobbying campaign on Capitol Hill to protect the 
Export-Import Bank from budget reductions. The White House labels the Ex-Im 
Bank as corporate welfare. "The administration has fired its shot, and now 
we're firing ours," said Edmund Rice, president of the Coalition for 
Employment Through Exports, an industry group leading the campaign. Since 
they got wind of the proposed cuts a few weeks ago, business lobbyists have 
been trying to rally sympathetic U.S. law makers.
Deal with state could take until 2002 to close
By LESLIE GORNSTEIN
AP Business Writer
03/06/2001
Associated Press Newswires
LOS ANGELES (AP) - A tentative deal aimed at rescuing Southern California 
Edison from insolvency might not close in time to prevent the utility from 
begging creditors for more patience, Edison officials said Tuesday. 
The utility's tentative, $2.7 billion agreement to sell its power lines to 
the state could take until 2002 to be consummated, thanks to complicated 
legal issues and other paperwork, an Edison official told bondholders Tuesday.
Once the deal is signed, Edison will try to borrow against the promised cash, 
but Edison International Chief Financial Officer Ted Craver admitted the 
utility might have to ask creditors to simply wait for their money until it 
has the $2.7 billion in hand. 
Energy suppliers owed money by Edison did not immediately return calls for 
comment Tuesday. 
At least four groups of suppliers have sued Edison for millions in unpaid 
bills going back months. Edison and fellow utility Pacific Gas & Electric 
have said they have lost $13 billion on the open power market thanks to 
soaring prices paired with state-imposed price caps. 
PG&E's parent company was able to recently borrow $1 billion to pay its 
stockholders and its debuts. It did not use any of that money to pay PG&E's 
bills. 
Edison's disclosure, meanwhile, shocked state officials. 
Steve Maviglio, spokesman for Gov. Gray Davis, initially declined to comment 
on the status of the Edison deal, but eventually said, regarding its closure, 
"We're optimistic it will be sooner rather than later The pacing would have nothing to do with whether fellow utilities Sempra 
Energy and PG&E also sell their transmission lines to California, Craver 
said. 
Among the things that could delay the deal's closing is Edison's need to find 
landowners on whose property its lines were built to assure no legal 
agreements are being violated by the sale. Edison would also have to pin down 
exactly what it would be selling to the state - terms that might not be 
decided until after a deal has been inked, Craver said. 
"Trust me," Craver said in a phone call after the conference. "There are a 
lot of legal-type documents - stuff that you and I ... would think of as a 
bloody nightmare The disclosure comes at a time when an increasing number of power suppliers 
are suing the utility for millions in unpaid bills. 
Edison also disclosed Tuesday that two more lawsuits had landed in its lap one by a group of wind-powered generators including Enron Wind, the other by 
two suppliers including New York-based Caithness Energy. 
Both suits were filed during the past five days, Edison Assistant General 
Counsel Barbara Reeves said. It was not immediately clear how much the 
complainants were seeking; neither Enron nor Caithness returned calls for 
comment. 
The two filings bring the total number of suits by renewable-energy suppliers 
against Edison to four, the utility said. The city of Long Beach and 
CalEnergy Operating Group, a geothermal supplier, have also sued for back 
payments. 
CalEnergy alone has said it is owed $45 million in November and December 
payments. 
The line sale, part of a multifaceted, tentative deal with the state that 
could save Edison from insolvency, could take anywhere from several months 
into next year, Craver said. 
The tentative deal, announced by Gov. Gray Davis Feb. 23, calls for the state 
to pay more than twice the book value for Edison's lines. 
It also would require Edison to sell cheap power to the state for a decade 
and for Edison to end its lawsuit against state regulators. The suit asserts 
that price caps imposed by the California Public Utilities Commission are 
illegal under federal law. 
Additionally, Edison's parent would have to return $420 million it collected 
from the utility over the past several years. The money was used to pay debt, 
buy back stock and pay dividends to investors. 
SCE, PG&E and Sempra have complained they are near bankruptcy because of 
soaring prices on the open market combined with the state-imposed price caps 
for consumers. 
Sempra and PG&E have yet to announce similar line-sale deals with the state, 
though they and the governor have said negotiations are ongoing. The total 
cost of the 26,000 miles of lines has been estimated at $4.5 billion to $7 
billion.
Sierra Pacific CEO Doubts SEC OK Of Enron Unit Buy-Report
03/06/2001
Dow Jones Energy Service
LOS ANGELES -(Dow Jones)- Sierra Pacific Resources (SRP) CEO Walter Higgins 
said in an interview last week that he doubts the company's $3.1 billion 
acquisition of Enron Corp.'s (ENE) utility Portland General Electric will be 
approved by the federal Securities and Exchange Commission, the Las Vegas Sun 
reported Tuesday. 
The SEC must find that Sierra Pacific is in a strong financial position 
before it will approve the deal, but the company is currently weakened by 
having lost millions of dollars in fuel and purchased power costs, Higgins 
said in the report.
A $311 million rate increase to cover those costs began March 1, but Higgins 
said that money would only pay back those expenses and wouldn't improve the 
company's stability to a level the SEC would find adequate, according to the 
report. 
The Public Utilities Commission can halt the rate hike and order refunds if 
it decides the hike isn't necessary. The PUC is holding hearings to determine 
the prudency of the hike, and members of the state's powerful casino and 
mining industries have filed to intervene. 
Sierra Pacific's plan to shore up its financial position through the sale of 
its 10 power plants, worth nearly $2 billion, may also be in jeopardy. The 
state Senate is considering a bill to block the sales, and Nevada Gov. Kenny 
Guinn recently sent a letter to the PUC asking that it reconsider its order 
allowing electric utilities to sell assets. 
Financial analysts have said that not allowing Sierra Pacific's two utilities 
to sell their assets would have a ripple effect on the company's financial 
position. The asset sales are tied to low-priced power contracts, and if the 
sales are canceled, the low-priced power will be gone as well. 
"If the divestiture is stopped...the state may be dealing with a much bigger 
rate increase," Steve Fleishman, Merrill Lynch utility analyst, told Dow 
Jones Newswires recently. 
Sierra Pacific is the parent company of electric utilities Sierra Pacific 
Power Co. and Nevada Power, which serve customers in the state's North and 
South, respectively. 
-By Jessica Berthold, Dow Jones Newswires; 323-658-3872, 
jessica.berthold@dowjones.com -0- 07/03/01 01-04G
Many Power Deals Announced by California Governor Still Not Final
By Jason Leopold
03/06/2001
Dow Jones Business News
Dow Jones Newswires 
LOS ANGELES -- Many of the long-term power-supply contracts announced by 
California Gov. Gray Davis this week remain under negotiation or are the 
subject of ongoing lawsuits, power suppliers said Tuesday.
The lack of finality to the deals raises questions about the state's success 
in covering its power needs, particularly going into what is expected to be 
an unusually tight summer. 
Generators said privately they were surprised the governor went ahead with 
his announcement Monday, given that many of the contracts haven't been 
signed. 
David Freeman, general manager of the Los Angeles Department of Water and 
Power, who negotiated the contracts on behalf of the state, conceded that 
details remain to be worked out. "This is not a done deal," Mr. Freeman said, 
adding that credit concerns are keeping generators from signing the deals. 
Gov. Davis announced Monday that California has secured 40 long-term 
contracts that will provide California with about 629 million megawatt hours 
of electricity over 10 years, at a price of more than $40 billion. A megawatt 
hour is roughly the amount of electricity needed to power 1,000 homes. 
Several of those forward deals, however, involve contracts originally held by 
Edison International (EIX) unit Southern California Edison and PG&E Corp. 
(PCG) unit Pacific Gas & Electric at the California Power Exchange, 
previously the state's main power market. 
The governor seized those contracts earlier this year, just before the Power 
Exchange liquidated them to cover hundreds of millions of dollars in power 
bills the utilities had failed to pay. 
The contracts, which total about 1.3 million megawatt hours of electricity 
and have a market value of about $1 billion, according to market sources, 
have yet to be paid for or signed over to the state. Duke Energy Corp. (DUK one of the suppliers that sold the contracts to Pacific Gas and SoCal Ed, has 
sued Gov. Davis for unlawfully commandeering those contracts. 
Although Duke has reached an interim settlement to continue providing power 
to the state Department of Water Resources until April 30, the company and 
the Davis administration still have to "develop a comprehensive long-term 
settlement to pay for the power supply contracts," said Duke spokesman Tom 
Williams. 
The governor went ahead with the announcement, because the California 
Department of Water Resources believes it will be able to finalize and sign 
the contracts over the next several weeks, Davis spokesman Steve Maviglio 
said. 
Separately, several suppliers named in the governor's announcement Monday including Duke, Reliant Energy Inc. (REI), Mirant Corp. (MIR), Sempra Energy, 
Enron Corp. (ENE) and Avista Corp. (AVA) -- said they have yet to sign final 
agreements with the state, although negotiations were ongoing. 
"We are working in good faith with the DWR toward a long-term contract," said 
Art Larson, spokesman for Sempra Energy Resources, a unit of Sempra. Mr. 
Larson said Sempra signed a terms of agreement with the water-resources 
department and expects to reach a final agreement over the next several 
weeks. 
Reliant said it has only signed a short-term contract with the state that 
expires in about two weeks. The company will only sign a long-term contract 
once it's paid more than $400 million owed by Pacific Gas and SoCal Ed, 
spokesman Richard Wheatley said. 
Mirant said it also won't sign contracts with the state until it's paid. 
Enron said it's reached agreement on terms with the state, but has some 
credit-related details to hammer out. "Everything's been agreed to except for 
some credit technicalities," Enron spokesman Mark Palmer said. 
Meanwhile, small, independent power plants in California that are capable of 
generating 1,800 megawatts of power are shut down because their owners 
haven't been paid by the state's two main utilities, the California 
Independent System Operator said Tuesday. 
The decline in small-plant output has contributed to the state's power-supply 
problems the past two months. Partnerships involving El Paso Corp. (EPG), for 
example, shut down 350 megawatts of generation last weekend due to 
nonpayment, the company said Tuesday. 
SoCal Ed hasn't paid the owners of the smaller generators, known as 
"qualifying facilities," since early December, which means the generators are 
still owed for electric production in October, while PG&E has paid only a 
small percentage of its qualifying facility bills since its last full payment 
in early January. 
The plants, one-third of which are powered by renewable sources like wind and 
solar power, meet almost 30% of California's electricity needs. Almost all of 
the closed generators are fueled by natural gas, and many haven't been able 
to pay their gas suppliers and have been cut off from their gas supply. 
The California Senate Energy Committee plans to vote on legislation to create 
a new pricing system for all qualifying facilities this week. The proposed 
bill would cut the prices to qualifying facilities from about 17 cents a 
kilowatt-hour the past eight months to about eight cents, depending on the 
price of five-year natural-gas contracts the generators can sign. The plants 
that run on renewable resources would be paid 5.4 cents a kilowatt-hour. 
-- Mark Golden contributed to this article. 
Write to Jason Leopold at jason.leopold@dowjones.com 
All Rights Reserved
US Natural Gas Prices Fall As Demand Slips In Most Areas
03/06/2001
Dow Jones Energy Service
HOUSTON -(Dow Jones)- U.S. natural gas physical prices fell Tuesday as demand 
eased, except in the Northeast and Southeast areas of the country, traders 
said. 
Heavy snowstorms in the upper Northeast supported some pricing, as did cooler 
weather in Georgia, the Carolinas and the Florida panhandle.
Some storage buying occurred in Texas "if they could make it work," a trader 
said. 
"It was a pretty uneventful day," a Gulf Coast trader said late Tuesday. 
Also, because of the snowstorm in the Northeast, traders had purchased gas 
ahead of time to make up for needed load, he said. 
A scheduled work outage on Enron's Transwestern San Juan lateral in New 
Mexico was completed, and the return of a power plant in California 
alleviated demand in the West, traders said. 
At the Arizona-California border hub, buyers paid around $13-$33 a million 
British thermal units, West Coast traders said, down as much as $15 from 
Monday. 
At PG&E Citygate, prices were mixed, with buyers paying $9.75-$10.65/MMBtu, 
down 25 cents on the bid, up 15 cents on the offer. 
In the Midwest, Chicago Citygate prices fell 7 cents-8 cents to a range of 
$5.42-$5.53/MMBtu. Alliance Pipeline into Chicago traded around 
$5.47-$5.52/MMBtu, down 4 cents to 9 cents from Monday. 
The Nymex April natural gas futures contract settled at $5.315/MMBtu, down 
2.1 cents in a tight, range-bound, uneventful session that started late due 
to bad weather. 
Physical gas prices at the benchmark Henry Hub in south Louisiana ended in a 
range of $5.25-$5.30/MMBtu, down 2 cents-6 cents from Monday. 
Transcontinental Gas Pipe Line at Station 65 deals were made in a similar 
range of $5.26-$5.35/MMBtu, down 2 cents on the bid, unchanged on the offer. 
At Katy in East Texas, buyers paid $5.21-$5.30/MMBtu, down 5 cents-6 cents. 
At Waha, prices fell 9 cents-12 cents to a range of $5.15-$5.30/MMBtu. 
-By John Edmiston, Dow Jones Newswires; 713-547-9209; 
john.edmiston@dowjones.com
I think this is a very interesting idea.  Please get with Bill D. and make 
sure he gets a description of what we would need to do to physically 
accomodate the station and make sure he's comfortable with it before we go 
ahead.
Laura Schwartz
03/05/2001 12:52 PM
As part of our agreement with the Channel 2 WeatherNet program we were given 
the option to have a weather station at the Enron building. This would be an 
additional $5,000 on top of our commitment. I brought the idea to Gary Taylor 
and Todd Kimberlain in weather and they thought it would be a great idea to 
serve as the weather tracking spot in downtown Houston. They have agreed to 
pay the $5K for the equipment and installation. So now, in addition to 
Channel 2 mentioning "WetherNet, brought to you by Enron," everytime they 
talk about the weather in downtown Houston, they will mention the current 
temp. at the Enron building.
If you have any questions, please call me at ext. 34535.
Laura 
Please see the attached letter to Feinstein.
Just received a voicemail from Stan.  He knows Mike; he does not have any 
spots for him right now.  My suspicion is that the EES discussions are not 
ultimately going to yield fruit.  We are probably going to have to discuss 
what's next.
Thanks for the update.  The Western Governors remain the best avenue we have 
for preventing price caps and California's attempts to secede from the grid We need to keep pushing information to them regarding these issues.  Attached 
is some text I have been using for correspondence with policy makers 
regarding California issues.  Feel free to use it.
Susan M Landwehr
03/02/2001 05:09 PM
Gentlemen--FYI--here's an update on what we've been doing lately with the 
Governors.  I'll include you guys on future e mails.
James D Steffes
03/01/2001 07:46 AM
Sue 
1. I'm sure the RGA dinner in Aspen is going to be a real struggle for you what a great deal 2. I'd put Steve Kean on the e-mail.  Also, John Neslage so he can keep these 
updates and a calendar for the Team.
3. Is Guinn Governor of Nevada?  I know that Leslie Lawner was working on an 
EES issue and maybe hiring someone with good connections.
Jim
Susan M Landwehr
02/28/2001 11:10 PM
All---here's an update on what we've been doing with the Governors.  Should I 
be putting Steve Kean on these email updates?
As you all know, there were several governors events over the past 3 to 4 
days in Washington DC:
Paul and I met with Steve Reynolds from Wyoming Gov Geringer's office.  They 
would like us to put forward the name of an Enron individual that could 
participate in an Energy council that is being formed (actually commissioned 
by the legislature) to study energy issues for the state.  Geringer would 
also like to come to Houston to learn about our vision in moving from an 
assets based to a market based entity 
We had contacted Scott Cealy (spelling) with Arizona Governor Hull's office 
last week and  Paul sat with Gov Hull at the RGA dinner on Monday night and 
had a chance to thank her for her  leadership in opposing price caps. Mr. 
Cealy left me a voice mail this afternoon basically inviting us to come to 
see them. I will schedule that meeting (boy that Paul must have been charming 
at dinner 
I sat with Gary Smith, political guy with Gov Kempthorne's office who 
indicated that Kempthorne was scheduled to meet with Vice Pres Cheney on 
Tuesday afternoon.  Gov Kitzhaber was also scheduled to attend the meeting 
with Cheney, but there was speculation that he may not come.  I have not 
confirmed the outcome of that meeting, but was invited by Mr. Smith to call 
him once they get back to Idaho tommorrow.  I will place that call and see 
what I can find out.  Mr. Racicot was going to get back to us on what he 
found out from Kempthorne---has Linda or Rick heard from him?  I will be 
continueing outreach with Gary Smith on as routine a basis is acceptable to 
him.
We have committed to an RGA event in Aspen Colorado on March 30 that Governor 
Owens is sponsoring.  Paul and I continue to keep in touch with Gov Owens 
staff.  As most of you know from previous updates, Owens is strong in his 
support against price caps and market based solutions.
At our meeting with Racicot on Monday in DC Paul requested some assistance 
from him in setting up a meeting with Kitzhaber.  Linda--how do we want to 
follow up on that request?
Rick and Paul met with Gov Gary Locke on Tuesday and while they disagreed 
with Lockes position, the discussion was civil and at least left the door 
open to future discussions.  Rick and Paul will manage this relationship for 
now.
We have not has great success in meeting with Leavitt.  I will continue to 
work on setting that up.  Guinn has also not been extremely receptive to 
meeting with us and Paul and I will look at how/whether we continue to knock 
on that door.  We are not actively looking to meet with Montana due to some 
commercial reasons.
There are a number of other ongoing actions (WGA contacts, providing info, 
etc), but the above update should give everybody the highlights.
I'm not saying we should buy this service, but I do think we need some way of=20
staying on top of TV spots mentioning Enron.
=09 =0903/05/2001 06:00 AM
=09=09=20
News Alert=20
Each business day, Power Television will send to you by email a listing of=20
the news your company has made from television stations across the United=20
States. Over 100 local media markets and 20 networks will be monitored by our=20
service at NO COST to you.=20
Each headline will allow you to link to a text transcript of the news story.=20
If the story is of significant interest, a video clip can be ordered online=20
as well.=20
As a way to introduce our innovative new service, you will be able to view=20
text transcripts for free. After a week=01,s trial, the news notifications will=20
be delivered to you at no cost but if you would like to view actual text=20
transcripts of news stories there is a nominal $9 per view cost. VHS tapes=20
can be ordered for $95 plus shipping. Our goal is to provide an online=20
alternative to the costly traditional television monitoring and clipping=20
services.=20
The following stories have been posted to your KEANSTEVEN_J_ENRON_COPORATIONS=20
account for the Enron Corporation search: 2001-03-03 23:04:16 NBC San=20
Francisco/Oakland/San Jose, CA
BONUSES TO THEIR CHIEF EXECUTIVES. ENRON OF TEXAS AND DUKE ENERGY=20
205.252.166.40/user/view_notify.asp?id=3D3311601641=20
Power Television offers a daily news notification service free of charge.=20
Costs are only incurred when viewing text transcripts, ordering VHS tapes or=20
when a link is forwarded and a new user who views a transcript.=20
Please alter my news alert=20
Please add an email addresses to this news alert=20
Please remove me from your free service=20
If you have any questions, please call 1.888.628.9191 or inquire online at=20
www.ptvnews.net=20
Disclaimer: Material supplied may be used for internal review, analysis or=20
research only. Any editing, reproduction, publication, rebroadcast, public=20
Ask Karen for the distribution list she would like to send these to for 
today's 1:30 meeting.  Also please reserve 47c1 for the meeting so I can use 
the computer screen.
Terry West
02/09/2001 01:36 PM
Attached are the presentations for the Corporate Staff Group and the 2001 
Goals.  There have been slight modifications to the format.
I am interested, but it's probably more important that Jeff Dasovich and 
Sandi Mccubbin (in our SF office) know, so that they can keep the politicos 
informed (and keep them from doing something stupid).
Thanks
Enron Energy Services
Steve - I just saw your video and it is great - I think it will be released 
Wednesday on our web site and will be available to a very large group - Your 
comments will put the issues in SD in perspective.  We have a team of six now 
calling the market in SD.  If you'd like us to review our market plan in SD 
with you let me know 
Thanks again for your time.
I'm suggesting that we make progress on it before we agree to a CEO summit
Nate Ellis@EES
03/02/2001 02:01 PM
Agreed.  It's great that these guys want to sell us product, but what's in it 
for Enron?  I'm already pushing that point with Emerson and will continue to 
do so.  I definitely want to bring it up at the CEO summit.
Thanks for your input, Steve.
Nate
I think I can recommend that the time be set aside, but it would be helpful 
if we pointed out to Emerson that it must be clear that there is a clear 
opportunity for Enron before we schedule the meeting.  Maybe you could use 
this to get some progress on a bundled outsource deal.
Nate Ellis@EES
02/28/2001 03:05 PM
Gentlemen:
Situation:
Emerson is aggressively seeking at least a three hour time slot for a meeting 
with Jeff Skilling in April or May 2001.  Mr. Skilling's office is hesitant 
to allocate more than two hours without your recommendation.  Emerson is 
being persistent.
The key players from Emerson are David Farr, newly appointed CEO, and James 
Berges, President and effectively the leader of Emerson's strategic 
development effort.  It is anticipated that both would attend the meeting.
Emerson execs want to (i) get to know Mr. Skilling and other senior 
management, (ii) discuss mutual business opportunities, and (iii) hold a 
discussion about the transformation of Enron from a pipeline company to its 
current form.  The last point has to do with Emerson's continuing 
self-transformation effort and how Enron achieved its transformation.
I need your advice and recommendation.  Please respond by e-mail or telephone 
(x5-4040).
Background:
Emerson initiated this latest round of contact with Enron in November 2000, 
when Mike Train and Mark Proudfoot, both Emerson VPs of Corporate 
Development, visited the Enron building hosted by Steve Kean.  I met them at 
that time.
Since that initial meeting, Emerson has aggressively pursued a business joint 
venture as preferred supplier with Martin Wenzel and the distributed power 
business, I believe with promising results.  My sense is that Emerson is 
uniquely positioned as EES' partner in that business.  I am waiting to 
receive an update from Martin.
Emerson is also interested in becoming a preferred supplier for EES's DSM 
business.  While we generally support that idea, we are pressing Emerson to 
reciprocate by becoming a customer of our bundled outsource business Emerson is highly decentralized, and our efforts to date have been 
unsuccessful.
I want to use the meeting as an opportunity to press Emerson to consider a 
proposal from EES's bundled outsource business.
Please let me know your recommendation on this matter.
Thanks,
Nate
Nate,
Thanks for the note - - I have dropped some ideas to Thad to follow up on
during my absence from the office.
I am a little nervous about having only two hours - - is it possible to get
a larger block of time to get to know each other better and talk through
some of the mutual business opportunities?
Mike
(from Hong Kong)
Nate Ellis
02/26/2001 04:28 PM
Skilling's calendar is amazingly full!  Let's shoot for one of the
following.
Let's schedule it ASAP.
March is unavailable for a two-hour meeting.
Monday, April 2nd:  12:00p to 2:00p
Tuesday, April 3rd: 9:00a to 11:00a
Wednesday, May 2nd: 10:00a to 12:00p or
1:00p to   3:00p
Thursday, May 3rd:         10:00a to 12:00p or
1:00p to   3:00p
Call or e-mail when you have a suggestion.
Nate
Pete Van De Gohm@EES
02/26/2001 03:15 PM
Steve:
Need to met with you before May 8th, but would like to do it in the next 2 
weeks,  to discuss Enron's position on this NPC report.  I am currently 
coordinating with Andrew Parsons, Mark Holsworth etc.  Rob sent me a copy of 
the 2 Feb 2001 NPC update letter and draft executive summary received by Ken 
Lay.  I sent Rob a note outlining the questions I saw the report raising form 
an Enron perspective.  Comments below.
Pete
Rob Bradley@
02/26/2001 09:57 AM
This is important enough to get Steve Kean's direction just to make sure all 
the right people are in the loop.  I am not the right person, although Lay 
sent me a note on it.
- Rob
Pete Van De Gohm@EES
02/26/2001 09:36 AM
Rob:
Thought I'd send you the latest draft of the report, it's 85-90%  final (the 
recommendations are 100 
Questions the report raises for Enron:
Is Enron part of the oil & natural gas sector or the banking and finance 
sector?  Both are looking at information sharing mechanism to mitigate risks 
to IT systems.  The Banking & Finance sector has been operating an 
information sharing and analysis center (ISAC) for over a year.  Discussions 
with members of the banking and finance sector indicate it has value 
If Enron is a part of the oil & natural gas sector, are we willing to take a 
leadership role and enter into a potential LLC with other Council member 
companies to form an ISAC for this sector? Cost to Enron would be based on 
number of individuals receiving alerts etc., however, it could be as low as 
$13K per year.  An additional cost would be to appoint an employee to the 
LLC's governance body to ensure Enron's needs were addressed.  Archie Dunham, 
CONOCO's Chairman, has agreed to champion this initiative if the Council 
recommends it at the 6 June  meeting.
Current coordination:
The legal issues have been worked by a sub-group lead by Tom Carmel, CONOCO Mark Holsworth, Corp. Legal has been our representative.  Recent DOJ action 
regarding information sharing to mitigate IT risks seems to indicate that 
anti-trust will not be an issue.  Steptoe & Johnson, LLP have undertaken a 
review of the liability issues and suggested ways to mitigate them.
Mike Hicks and I have been working with Mark Thibodeaux, Corp. IT Compliance, 
and will be meeting with Steve Kean and others in the security and IT 
protection efforts in next two weeks. 
Recommendation:
Enron participate fully in the oil and natural gas sector's efforts - As 
Enron becomes more and more dependant on IT, having a mechanism that provides 
tailored vulnerability information and solutions in a "one-stop-shop" format 
is valuable and can lead to reduced insurance premiums. 
Pete
Marshall Nichols  PM
-  CIP CSC Draft 2-25-01.pdf
I don't see a fit
Lexi Elliott
02/28/2001 02:39 PM
Steve:
Per my voicemail message to you, I have forwarded Will's resume for your 
consideration.
Thank you!
lexi
Lexi-
Thanks for your message.  Let me know what we can do with Will.  I know Rick, 
so If you can have a conversation with him, let me know.
Thanks for your assistance in placing Will.  Call with any questions.
,
Christopher T. Harman
Global Bandwidth Risk Management
Enron Broadband Services, Inc.
EB4429C
713-853-3064 direct
877-311-1909 pager
713-306-7245 mobile
chris_harman@.net
wlhv@hotmail.com
01/16/01 11:42 AM
Chris,
Attached to this message is a copy of my resume.  A few thoughts on what 
I would be interested in this summer:
1)Political
2)International
These are two areas which I have pursued in the past and might like to 
continue with in the future.  Thanks for all your help.
Will Hixon
_________________________________________________________________
I think I can recommend that the time be set aside, but it would be helpful 
if we pointed out to Emerson that it must be clear that there is a clear 
opportunity for Enron before we schedule the meeting.  Maybe you could use 
this to get some progress on a bundled outsource deal.
Nate Ellis@EES
02/28/2001 03:05 PM
Gentlemen:
Situation:
Emerson is aggressively seeking at least a three hour time slot for a meeting 
with Jeff Skilling in April or May 2001.  Mr. Skilling's office is hesitant 
to allocate more than two hours without your recommendation.  Emerson is 
being persistent.
The key players from Emerson are David Farr, newly appointed CEO, and James 
Berges, President and effectively the leader of Emerson's strategic 
development effort.  It is anticipated that both would attend the meeting.
Emerson execs want to (i) get to know Mr. Skilling and other senior 
management, (ii) discuss mutual business opportunities, and (iii) hold a 
discussion about the transformation of Enron from a pipeline company to its 
current form.  The last point has to do with Emerson's continuing 
self-transformation effort and how Enron achieved its transformation.
I need your advice and recommendation.  Please respond by e-mail or telephone 
(x5-4040).
Background:
Emerson initiated this latest round of contact with Enron in November 2000, 
when Mike Train and Mark Proudfoot, both Emerson VPs of Corporate 
Development, visited the Enron building hosted by Steve Kean.  I met them at 
that time.
Since that initial meeting, Emerson has aggressively pursued a business joint 
venture as preferred supplier with Martin Wenzel and the distributed power 
business, I believe with promising results.  My sense is that Emerson is 
uniquely positioned as EES' partner in that business.  I am waiting to 
receive an update from Martin.
Emerson is also interested in becoming a preferred supplier for EES's DSM 
business.  While we generally support that idea, we are pressing Emerson to 
reciprocate by becoming a customer of our bundled outsource business Emerson is highly decentralized, and our efforts to date have been 
unsuccessful.
I want to use the meeting as an opportunity to press Emerson to consider a 
proposal from EES's bundled outsource business.
Please let me know your recommendation on this matter.
Thanks,
Nate
Nate,
Thanks for the note - - I have dropped some ideas to Thad to follow up on
during my absence from the office.
I am a little nervous about having only two hours - - is it possible to get
a larger block of time to get to know each other better and talk through
some of the mutual business opportunities?
Mike
(from Hong Kong)
Nate Ellis
02/26/2001 04:28 PM
Skilling's calendar is amazingly full!  Let's shoot for one of the
following.
Let's schedule it ASAP.
March is unavailable for a two-hour meeting.
Monday, April 2nd:  12:00p to 2:00p
Tuesday, April 3rd: 9:00a to 11:00a
Wednesday, May 2nd: 10:00a to 12:00p or
1:00p to   3:00p
Thursday, May 3rd:         10:00a to 12:00p or
1:00p to   3:00p
Call or e-mail when you have a suggestion.
Nate
fyi - Jade Eaton is one of Lara's contacts at DOJ
Lara Leibman@MUNICATIONS
02/28/2001 03:23 PM
Steve,
Thanks for forwarding.  Actually, Brian sent it to me on Monday, and I 
followed up with Ann and Barbara.  I have not spoken with Brian yet because I 
am waiting for a green/red light from Barbara as far as Jade Eaton is 
concerned.  Barbara and I spoke at length yesterday and she is concerned 
about the counterparty's reaction to a meeting with DOJ (even an informal 
one).  She plans to get back to me though with regard to whether they want me 
to get involved at this stage.  I spoke to Rick as well so he is up-to-date 
with the current status 
I'll let you know if anything further develops.  Thanks again.
Lara 
Steven J Kean@
02/28/01 02:13 PM
Brian Redmond@ECT
02/26/2001 02:57 PM
Please find the attached status update for the HPL transaction.  If you have 
any questions please contact me.
Thanks,
Brian
yes
Linda Robertson
03/01/2001 07:47 AM
Apologized that she could not meet with Steve yesterday.  She would like to 
have this meeting.  She asked that we schedule this for your next trip to 
DC.  I think we should do this meeting soon.  Do you want me to get on her 
calendar and then build a day of meetings around her meeting?  Or wait until 
you are otherwise back in town?
Having worked on the Enron Advisory council process, I have one observation consider having some or all of these individuals as "guest speakers" rather 
than formal memebers.  You can still have them review information, do their 
homework, and tailor their remarks to Enron specifics.
Also, you should definitely include Paul Portney at Resources for the 
Future.  He sits on the Enron Advisory Council and knows the company well.
Kelly Kimberly@MUNICATIONS
Sent by: Stacy Walker@MUNICATIONS
03/01/2001 02:27 PM
As we discussed at the last Corporate Responsibility task force meeting, one 
activity that we have underway is recruiting an external advisory council This council will be comprised of global experts on environmental and social 
issues, from non-governmental organizations and potentially other businesses, 
to advise us on trends and issues in this area.  An outline of the advisory 
council structure, along with categories of experts and proposed names is 
attached below.
We expect to convene meetings with this group twice a year, inviting the 
Enron executive committee and board of directors, as well as the Corporate 
Responsibility task force, to engage in a dialogue.  We plan to present a 
slate of possible candidates to Ken Lay and Jeff Skilling later this month, 
and would appreciate your input and any ideas by March 16.
Thanks for your consideration.
=09 =0903/02/2001 06:00 AM
=09=09=20
News Alert=20
Each business day, Power Television will send to you by email a listing of=20
the news your company has made from television stations across the Unites=20
States. Over 100 local media markets and 20 networks will be monitored by our=20
service at NO COST to you.=20
Each headline will allow you to link to a text transcript of the news story.=20
If the story is of significant interest, a video clip can be ordered online=20
as well.=20
As a way to introduce our innovative new service, you will be able to view=20
text transcripts for free. After a week=01,s trial, the news notifications will=20
be delivered to you at no cost but if you would like to view actual text=20
transcripts of news stories there is a nominal $9 per view cost. VHS tapes=20
can be ordered for $95 plus shipping. Our goal is to provide an online=20
alternative to the costly traditional television monitoring and clipping=20
services.=20
The following stories have been posted to your KEANSTEVEN_J_ENRON_COPORATIONS=20
account for the Enron Corporation search: 2001-02-28 22:27:50 NBC=20
Tyler/Longview (Lufkin/Nacogdoches), TX
DREW-OVER 3-MILLION FANS LAST-SEASON TO ENRON-FIELD.. . BUT THEY WON'T=20
205.252.166.40/user/view_notify.asp?id=3D4568113505786667=20
2001-03-01 05:06:27 NBC Miami/Ft. Lauderdale, FL
USE IT. >> REPORTER: TEXAS-BASED ENRON IS SEEKING ZONING APPROVAL FOR=20
205.252.166.40/user/view_notify.asp?id=3D53748681125447378=20
2001-03-01 06:04:35 NBC Miami/Ft. Lauderdale, FL
TOLERATE IT. I KNOW THAT ENRON IS A BIG POWERFUL INTERNATIONAL=20
205.252.166.40/user/view_notify.asp?id=3D84121848908285=20
2001-03-01 17:18:49 NBC Houston, TX
A LOOK AT NUMBERS FROM ENRON. NORTH ZULCH, THIRD INCH RAIN.=20
205.252.166.40/user/view_notify.asp?id=3D3386813082573738=20
2001-03-01 18:59:06 CNN National
ENERGY CRISIS? WE''LL TALK TO ENRON LEADER, THIS COMPANY WAS SHOWING=20
205.252.166.40/user/view_notify.asp?id=3D6488459085275673137=20
2001-03-01 19:12:10 CNN National
CRISIS, A ONE-ON-ONE INTERVIEW WITH ENRON''S CHAIRMAN, AND EARNINGS WARNINGS,=20
LABOR=20
205.252.166.40/user/view_notify.asp?id=3D347908645437171=20
2001-03-01 19:17:45 CNN National
POWER CRISIS COULD GET WORSE, ENRON''S CHAIRMAN, KENNETH LAY, WHEN=20
"MONEYLINE"=20
205.252.166.40/user/view_notify.asp?id=3D84745887908768823133=20
2001-03-01 19:20:00 CNN National
AGREES, KENNETH LAY, CHAIRMAN OF ENRON, THE LARGEST BUYER AND SELLER=20
205.252.166.40/user/view_notify.asp?id=3D62685845444641885=20
2001-03-01 19:23:55 CNN National
OVER THE PAST 52 WEEKS, ENRON HAS DROPPED 24% FROM ITS=20
205.252.166.40/user/view_notify.asp?id=3D356113625218146=20
Power Television offers a daily news notification service free of charge.=20
Costs are only incurred when viewing text transcripts, ordering VHS tapes or=20
when a link is forwarded and a new user who views a transcript.=20
Please alter my news alert=20
Please add an email addresses to this news alert=20
Please remove me from your free service=20
If you have any questions, please call 1.888.628.9191 or inquire online at=20
www.ptvnews.net=20
Disclaimer: Material supplied may be used for internal review, analysis or=20
research only. Any editing, reproduction, publication, rebroadcast, public=20
any interest?
Rosalee Fleming
03/02/2001 09:08 AM
Hi Mark and Steve -
Chad said he has sent this to quite a few people, so it might be overkill, 
but thought I'd send to you.  He has sent to Jeff, Mike McConnell (who told 
him he's forwarding to Dan Reck, who is in charge of the new freight 
business), Lou Pai and Andrew Miles, Tom White and David Cox.
Enron Energy Services
Ken,
My name is Chad Tipton.  I am currently a Development Support Manager with 
EES in the Integrated Asset Management (IAM).   Recently, I  had the good 
fortune to meet, Ron Hosmer.  He represents a company called IdleAire 
Technologies, Inc..  IdleAire is a startup company started in 1999 IdleAire has developed a system to eliminate truckdrivers from having to idle 
their trucks while on long haul overnight stops.  Their plan is to electrify 
truckstops and install remote HVAC units to eliminate truck idling.  Also, 
these units provide cable TV and internet services.  They have already 
piloted the technology in several truckstops in the Knoxville, TN area.
IdleAire's  goal is to: 
"........evolve the nation's truck stops and travel centers into the largest 
truck stop electrification network in the world. We are taking truck stop 
electrification to the next level. Our travel center conversions provide 
heating, ventilation and air conditioning (HVAC) at every parking space. We 
also provide drivers in-cab telephone, Internet and television."
Idle Air has caught the attention of many interest groups in Washington, 
D.C.  Ron tells me that they have already gained support from Tennessee 
congressmen, including Jimmy Duncan and  Van Hilleary.   Also, former House 
Speaker, Newt Gingrich is on the board of directors of IdleAire 
Technologies.  These individuals support this technology because it reduces 
emissions and helps state quality for CMAQ funds 
I had mentioned to Ron, that I worked for Enron and informed him about what 
we do.  He and I both felt that Enron may be interested in developing a 
strategic partnership to take their technology to market.   Ron said that 
they are looking for a strategic partner with energy related experience and 
the capital to invest in this project 
Enron would benefit in several ways:
1.  Greater than average returns.
2.  Increased publicity and recognition in Enron's environmental role.  (EPA 
Energy Star Label, EPA Climate Protection Award, etc  
3.  Increase markets for electricity and possibly gas.
4.  Maintain Enron's title of innovation leader.
5.  Open a whole new market for the energy services group. (EES)  Long term 
maintenance contract, commodities, etc 
6.  Open a new market for the broadband services group. (EBS)  Videos on 
demand.
I believe this opportunity is very synergistic with Enron's business model If you would be interested in talking with Ron, I would be happy to introduce 
him to you.  They have a  very comprehensive business plan that lays out 
their business in detail.   I have arranged for him to provide us with an 
executive summary of the business.  You can also find out more about the 
company by visiting their website at:
www.idleaire.com
Thank you  for your time.
Chad Tipton
5-5310
can you help me wiht this?
Vickie Nicholson/ENRON@Xgate
03/02/2001 10:38 AM
Vickie
EB4836
713-853-9864
EIS Billing@
08/04/2000 03:30 PM
Year 2000 changes:
Phone charges:  Phones are being charged to the person's company and cost 
center where possible, otherwise rent as before.  The description will start 
with People\ or Room\ unless it was entered manually at the source.
Data connections:  One connection is being charged for each room instead of 
one connection for each port in a room.
Attached  are spreadsheets with the detail supporting the expenses for 
telephones, data ports, EDI, Enterprise LAN, Enterprise Help Desk, video 
conferencing, Internet access, email, and other services provided to Enron 
business units by Enron Information Services. 
EIS billings for items attached to the room, such as phones and data ports, 
and people specific services for contractors, such as LAN ID's and AT&T 
calling cards, are billed to the same company and cost center as room rent in 
EB or 3AC.  For Omaha, EIS uses a phone database maintained by Tammy Anderson 
for this purpose 
People specific services for employees are billed to the company and cost 
center corresponding to the employee's HR company and department. Video 
conference usage, data circuits, Ardmore usage, EDI, and web site billings 
are based on a company and cost center furnished by the person requesting the 
service.
EIS bills services on a one month lag.  We take a snapshot of the Corporate 
Administrative Services rent file for each room in EB and 3AC, of the Omaha 
phone database for each room in Omaha, and of the HR company and department 
for each employee.  This snapshot is taken at the end of each month for use 
as a source for billing information 
Please examine these billings for accuracy.  If our billings are incorrect, 
generally speaking either the rent should be corrected by contacting 
Corporate Administrative Services or the person should be moved to the 
correct HR department by contacting your HR representative.  If the room 
number is incorrect on the phone or long distance billings, this may be 
corrected by sending the room number along with the telephone number to Notes 
Mail ID "Move-Team".
Ken will be making a call to Bob Glynn at PG&E.  Please give the attached to 
Ken before the call.
Debbie R Brackett@ECT
03/02/2001 10:46 AM
Steve,
Per your request, I've attached a summary of credit exposure with PG&E as of 
close of business on February 28th. We are investigating an increase in our 
overall position as a result of basis movement in the west over the past few 
days.
Please feel free to give me a call at 35856 if I can provide futher 
information.
can you fill this out for me?
Tara Rafter
03/02/2001 10:58 AM
It has come to my attention that there has been some confusion regarding the 
Lobbying Questionnaire that I sent out on Feb. 20, 2001 and which is due on 
March 9, 2001.  Please note that it is NOT necessary to gather your expenses 
attributable to your lobbying activities rather I just need an allocation of 
your time/hours spent engaging in such activity during the year 2000.  I 
apologize for any confusion.  Thank you - Tara Rafter
Thanks for the analysis.  We understand that McKinsey may be helping the 
Governor develop a demand buy down program.  Is this true 
Suzanne_Nimocks@mckinsey.com
Sent by: Carol_Benter@mckinsey.com
03/02/2001 12:04 PM
Sorry that we haven't talked in some time.  I thought that you would want
to take a look at some analysis we have recently completed with regard to
the California Power Crisis.  You may find some of the analysis to be
helpful.  Let me know if you have any questions.
(See attached file: 10209 zxd414.ppt)
|  test
Susan J Mara
03/02/2001 10:44 AM
I just heard about this bill by La Seur
ABX1 70 attempts to criminalize acts of unregulated generators if they 
perform maintenance at times other than the California Public Utilities 
Commission requires. Further, the commission is required to allow scheduled 
maintenance of only one generator at a time. 
So, with 500 generators in the state, just how  many years would it take to 
complete one round of maintenance?  Also, please note it does not apply to 
munis.
Sue Mara
Enron Corp.
Tel: (415) 782-7802
Fax:(415) 782-7854
Firsst article attached refers to the 1946 Nebraska case I mentioned to you=20
in DC
=09Miyung Buster@_DEVELOPMENT
=0903/02/2001 10:04 AM
=09=09=20
Please see the following articles:
Oakland Trib 2/28:
"Energy buyout foes say dump grid plan"
San Diego Union 2/28: "Energy chief 'open' to plan on transmission line=20
buyout"
SF Chron, 2/28: "Energy Experts Belie Davis' Rosy Prediction
Summer expected to be crunch time"
Riverside Press 3/1: "PUC to mull baseline level for electricity"
Orange Co. Register 3/1: "Electricity notebook"
Contra Costa Times 3/1: "PUC chief defends actions in crisis"
LA Times 3/2: "Cal-ISO Says Suppliers Overcharged"
Sac Bee 3/2: Power profits targeted: Generators urged to forgive some of=20
utilities' debts            (Steve Kean quoted)
Energy Insight 3/2: "California Energy Island Won't Work"
SF Chron 3/2: Ex-Regulator Urges Temporary Federal Price Caps on Power
SF Chron 3/2: PG&E to Pay Creditors Only 15% / Smaller suppliers outraged=20
over plan
WASHINGTON -- Energy Secretary Spencer Abraham is "open" to California's plan=20
to take over utility transmission lines in the state, but stopped short of=20
endorsing the proposal, saying he needed to study it further, Gov. Gray Davis=20
said yesterday.=20
"From the tone of his remarks, I think his comments will be positive, and I=20
hope by the end of the week he will be able to endorse the proposal or at=20
least endorse a modified proposal that is satisfactory to us," Davis said=20
after meeting with Abraham privately at the Department of Energy.=20
A spokesman for Abraham said he "couldn't characterize (Abraham's) reaction=20
one way or the other." But he said Abraham was "open to taking a look at the=20
material the governor provided" and would follow up with Davis.=20
In his effort to drum up federal support for the buyout plan, Davis also=20
invoked a name that resonates throughout the halls of power in Washington:=20
Alan Greenspan.=20
Davis said the Federal Reserve Board chairman "in a general way thinks it=20
makes sense to acquire transmission lines to make the capacity improvements=20
that have not been done over the past 15 years."=20
Greenspan and Davis informally talked about the power crisis this week, aides=20
to Davis said. Greenspan's comments could not be confirmed independently.=20
Davis was in Washington for the four-day winter meeting of the National=20
Governors Association. But he also used the occasion to try to convince the=20
new Bush administration -- and the media -- that his plans to solve=20
California's power woes are sound.=20
The governor spent about an hour briefing Abraham on the tentative agreement=20
the state struck last week to acquire Southern California Edison's=20
transmission system for $2.76 billion. The state is trying to negotiate=20
similar deals with San Diego Gas and Electric and Pacific Gas and Electric as=20
a condition for helping the utilities pay off about $13 billion in debt they=20
have accumulated because of soaring wholesale power costs.=20
The Federal Energy Regulatory Commission probably will have to sign off on=20
any purchase plans, and FERC Chairman Curtis Hebert has made comments=20
indicating he is skeptical of the idea. But Davis believes he can overcome=20
possible opposition at FERC if Abraham backs the plans.=20
Davis also said he and Abraham had "some creative talks about how we might be=20
able to find more megawatts for this summer" and assigned staff members to=20
work on that "on a daily basis." He did not elaborate on the ideas, saying=20
there may be some details forthcoming "in about two to three weeks."=20
The governor will continue his East Coast sales pitch for the transmission=20
line purchase -- and other elements of his plan to solve the power crisis --=20
in a meeting with Wall Street analysts and bond-raters today.=20
Davis and legislators also have pursued long-term power contracts with energy=20
suppliers to wean the state from the open market, which became wildly=20
expensive last year.=20
Mirant Corp., which operates power plants in Northern California, said=20
yesterday that it has agreed to shift contracts from the defunct California=20
Power Exchange to the Department of Water Resources, which is the state's=20
electricity buyer.=20
The contracts amount to about 1,000 megawatts of power over the next 10=20
months. Last week, Mirant agreed to sell 750 megawatts to the state next=20
month. On a typical winter day, the maximum demand on the grid managed by the=20
state Independent System Operator, about 75 percent of the total state=20
network, is about 30,000 megawatts.=20
Davis' visit to Washington came against the backdrop of a muted federal=20
response to California's power crisis. The Bush administration, which favors=20
open power markets, has said it is largely up to state officials to solve the=20
problem, rejecting calls by Davis for more aggressive action like caps on=20
wholesale power costs.=20
But the Democratic governor praised the Republican president publicly on=20
several occasions. He cited the administration's temporary extension of=20
federal orders that kept electricity and gas flowing to the state during=20
emergency shortages and its agreement to speed up federal review of new power=20
plants.=20
"Secretary Abraham and the Bush administration in general have been=20
wonderfully responsive to my requests. I cannot thank them enough," Davis=20
said yesterday.=20
Other California Democrats have been less charitable toward President Bush.=20
"I think the president is going in the wrong direction on this issue," said=20
Rep. Bob Filner, D-San Diego, a staunch advocate of wholesale price controls.=20
"A hands-off approach by the federal government, as the president has=20
suggested, is not going to solve this problem."
By Robert T. Garrett
The Press-Enterprise
SACRAMENTO
Inland-area residents who want a higher "baseline quantity" of lower-priced=20
electricity each month will get a chance to plead their case in the next few=20
weeks.=20
The state Public Utilities Commission will examine by early April whether the=20
monthly usage limits that trigger higher rates for residential customers are=20
set too low, PUC President Loretta Lynch said Wednesday.=20
Baseline amounts are set by the PUC and vary by geographic region, season and=20
whether a home is heated with gas or electricity.=20
"It's been over a decade since the baselines were set," Lynch told the=20
Sacramento Press Club. ". . . I think it's about time for us to look at what=20
these baselines are in the 21st century."=20
Lynch, an appointee of Gov. Davis, declined to say whether the commission=20
will make permanent a 9-percent rate hike imposed in early January on=20
residential customers of Southern California Edison, which serves much of the=20
Inland Empire.=20
With Edison and Pacific Gas Electric collapsing financially, the PUC imposed=20
the rate hike -- and increases of up to 17 percent for Edison's large=20
business customers -- for 90 days.=20
The "temporary surcharge" will be lifted in early April unless the PUC votes=20
to keep it in effect.=20
Davis has said he hopes his plan to rescue the state's ailing utilities and=20
avoid rolling blackouts can be carried out without further rate hikes.=20
Davis was in New York City on Wednesday, where the plan drew a tepid response=20
from Wall Street.=20
Meanwhile, the unexpected shutdown of four Western power plants for repairs,=20
combined with scheduled maintenance at several in-state plants, forced=20
California grid officials to declare a Stage 2 alert.=20
Wall Street analysts who met privately with Davis in New York called his=20
moves a good step toward solving the energy crisis, but said more must be=20
done.=20
"He talked about a lot of short-term measures to alleviate problems for this=20
summer, but he hasn't communicated a long-term fix," said Lawrence J.=20
Makovich, senior director of Cambridge Energy Research Associates.=20
Lynch said Wednesday that she and others on the PUC should have recognized=20
sooner that utility deregulation wasn't working.=20
As part of its review of the January rate hikes, the PUC will invite public=20
comments on baselines, Lynch said.=20
She said she plans to examine the baselines for each climate zone. In=20
Edison's service area, for instance, there are six.=20
Lynch also said the PUC would look at whether baselines are fair and=20
effective, and whether similar incentives to conserve energy should be built=20
into the rates of businesses.=20
If the commission adopts "incentives for businesses," she said, it has to=20
make sure it doesn't set the baseline quantities too low for industrial=20
sectors such as agriculture and biotechnology. State Sen. Jim Battin, R-La=20
Quinta, said Lynch's proposed review of the fairness of baselines in the=20
different climate zones "could be encouraging."=20
But he said he thinks businesses will oppose having baselines applied to=20
them.=20
Battin has waged a battle against baselines, which he calls "social=20
engineering" and which were mandated by a state law passed in the 1980s.=20
In the Inland area, the baseline system works like this:=20
In Temecula and Corona an "all-electric" home -- meaning one that is heated=20
by electricity -- this summer will pay 12 cents a kilowatt for the first 304=20
kilowatts used each month; for each additional kilowatt consumed, Edison will=20
charge 14 cents.=20
In Moreno Valley, Hemet, Rialto and most of Redlands, owners of=20
"all-electric" homes will pay Edison the lower rate for 514 kilowatts per=20
month this summer.=20
In the Coachella Valley, in both summer and winter, Edison charges the=20
higher, 14-cent rate only for monthly consumption above 1,299 kilowatts.=20
Those with gas heating in their homes get different baseline allowances than=20
do those with electric heating.=20
Power: State report calls for a refund of $562 million above 'reasonable'=20
prices. Generators deny gouging.=20
By NANCY VOGEL and JENIFER WARREN, Times Staff Writers
?????SACRAMENTO--Wholesale electricity suppliers overcharged California's=20
utilities more than $500 million during December and January, an amount that=20
the federal government should demand be refunded, according to a=20
no-holds-barred state report released Thursday.
?????The report by the California Independent System Operator, which oversees=20
the flow of electricity in the state, said power suppliers charged $11=20
billion during those two months alone--more than they did for all of 1999.
?????Studying various market dynamics, the agency concluded that there was a=20
"prima facie case" that the unnamed generators and marketers had charged $562=20
million above "just and reasonable" prices, warranting further investigation=20
and federal hearings into the appropriateness of refunds.
?????The state report is the most accusatory of a number of studies=20
undertaken to determine why wholesale electricity prices have soared in=20
California since last summer, throwing the state's biggest utilities into=20
financial crisis and dashing hopes for lower consumer rates under=20
deregulation.
?????The study also provides new ammunition to members of California's=20
congressional delegation, who have unsuccessfully been pressing the Federal=20
Energy Regulatory Commission to impose price ceilings on wholesale=20
electricity costs.
?????Generators defended their operating practices and rejected the=20
allegation that they had raked in unfairly large profits in December and=20
January.
?????"We have played by the rules, acted ethically and legally in all our=20
operations," said Richard Wheatley, a spokesman for Houston-based Reliant=20
Energy, which owns power plants capable of supplying more than 3 million=20
homes. "We have nothing to hide."
?????Gary Ackerman, executive direcor of the Western Power Trading Forum,=20
said the Cal-ISO report does not account for less tangible factors that tend=20
to drive up prices, such as political and financial uncertainties.
?????"Those are the things my people take into account when deciding whether=20
to sell into California," said Ackerman. He noted that, in the second week of=20
December, a period analyzed in the Cal-ISO report, electricity prices were=20
higher in the Pacific Northwest than in California.
?????The report, he said, "provides some reasonable questions which will be=20
responded to by my members, under FERC authority."
?????Cal-ISO officials stressed Thursday that they are not accusing any=20
seller of inflating prices but are simply asking for federal action to=20
restrain costs.
?????"We have not seen prices come down to what we feel are justifiable=20
levels," said Anjali Sheffrin, director of market analysis for Cal-ISO.
?????Although federal energy commission officials on Thursday refused to=20
comment on the study, many experts predicted that refunds would not be=20
forthcoming.
?????Since July, when Gov. Gray Davis first asked the federal commission to=20
give San Diego Gas & Electric customers refunds for electricity costs that=20
doubled and in some cases tripled, the agency has refused to order power=20
sellers to give back some of their profits to California utilities and=20
consumers.
?????The commission, charged by Congress with assuring "just and reasonable"=20
wholesale electricity rates, has also resisted imposing firm price caps on=20
California's electricity market. In November, the commission called that=20
market "dysfunctional" and vulnerable to manipulation by power sellers, but=20
the agency has so far failed to document or punish specific cases of such=20
anti-competitive behavior.
?????"The real question is what is FERC going to do with all of this?" said=20
Gary Stern, chief of market analysis for Southern California Edison, once one=20
of the two biggest buyers of electricity in California. "Based on past=20
history, we think they're probably going to say they don't see wrongdoing=20
that provides a reason for refund."
?????Determining rebates could prove a logistical nightmare for federal=20
regulators and Cal-ISO, Stern said, but the data exist to show how much it=20
cost power plant owners to generate electricity and what price they charged.
?????Given that Edison and PG&E have defaulted on payments of hundreds of=20
millions to power sellers, Stern said, a rebate order wouldn't lead to=20
reimbursement for individual utility customers. Instead, it could help the=20
utilities eliminate some of their debt to generators and marketers.
?????Edison and PG&E have been pushed nearly to bankruptcy by high wholesale=20
costs, which they could not pass on to their customers because of a=20
state-imposed rate freeze.=20
?????Last week, Davis announced that Edison had agreed in principle to state=20
financial help in exchange for its transmission lines. Negotiations with PG&E=20
continue.
?????The Folsom-based Cal-ISO drew its conclusions after reviewing=20
electricity purchases made between Dec. 8, 2000, and Jan. 31, 2001.
?????To calculate the cost of producing electricity in those months, Cal-ISO=20
analysts assumed power plant owners were buying natural gas from the spot=20
market, where prices soared this winter, and were running old, inefficient=20
plants. They also assumed relatively high prices for air emission credits in=20
Southern California and added a 10% buffer to the operating costs.
?????Cal-ISO officials then compared these costs with the prices sellers were=20
paid. Their report did not name the individual sellers, which range from the=20
province of British Columbia to the publicly owned Los Angeles Department of=20
Water and Power to private companies.
?????Several lawmakers praised the report as long overdue.
?????"It's about time," said state Sen. Debra Bowen (D-Marina del Rey),=20
chairwoman of the Senate Energy Committee. She said that the desire among=20
some legislators to seize power plants and take other drastic actions stems=20
from the sense that "there's no one willing to enforce the provisions of the=20
federal power act regarding just and reasonable rates.
?????"The utilities are doing a great job looking out for their shareholders,=20
but who is looking out for ratepayers?" she asked.
?????Consumer advocacy groups applauded Cal-ISO's action and said the=20
agency's evidence of overcharges underscored the need for hard price caps or=20
a tax on generator profits.
?????"It's certainly not news to us that the generators are charging=20
excessive wholesale prices," said Mindy Spatt, spokeswoman for the Utility=20
Reform Network of San Francisco. "If there had been a real price cap, this=20
investigation would not be necessary."=20
?????California's congressional delegation has pushed hard in recent months=20
for legislation that would impose temporary price controls on wholesale power=20
supplies in the West. On Wednesday, a bipartisan team met with Curtis Hebert,=20
chairman of the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, and came away=20
discouraged by Hebert's opposition to price caps.
?????The federal commission has imposed a so-called "soft cap" of $150 per=20
megawatt-hour in California's electricity market. When sellers ask a higher=20
price they must explain why it is necessary.=20
?????Within 60 days, the commission can launch a review of those bids that=20
could lead to refunds. So far, the federal panel has ordered none. On=20
Thursday, Cal-ISO asked the commission to extend the two-month deadline in=20
its examination of the purchases made during December and January.
?????Times staff writer Nancy Rivera Brooks in Los Angeles contributed to=20
this story.
Thursday's developments
A Davis spokesman says the governor has received "unsolicited offers" from=20
some generators willing to forgive debts but declines to name them.=20
In a filing with federal regulators, the Independent System Operator says=20
some wholesalers overcharged the ISO by $562 million for spot-market=20
purchases in December and January.=20
Pacific Gas and Electric Co. pays 16 percent of a $1.44 billion bill to=20
wholesale power suppliers, defaulting on $1.21 billion of the debt but paying=20
$228 million.=20
State declares Stage 2 alert but downgrades it to a "warning" at mid-morning.=20
Calpine Corp. becomes the latest wholesaler to sign long-term supply=20
contracts with the Department of Water Resources, agreeing to two deals=20
totaling $8.3 billion -- a 10-year contract for $5.2 billion and a 20-year=20
contract for $3.1 billion. Last month, Calpine signed a deal worth $4.6=20
billion.=20
By Rick Stouffer=20
rstouffer@ftenergy.com=20
"=01(No state is an island, entire of itself; every state is a piece of the=20
continent, a part of the main=01(" -John Donne
California Gov. Gray Davis has seemingly hit on a plan that he thinks will=20
solve his state's energy problems:=20
Acquire some 32,000 miles of transmission lines for between $8 billion and=20
$10 billion to keep the bankruptcy wolf away from the state's three=20
investor-owned utilities.
Create a public power authority to buy, build and operate power plants,=20
financed with up to $5 billion in state bonds.
Not raise customer rates to pay for at least $10 billion in bonds used to pay=20
for power.=20
Sounds great, doesn't it? Something for everyone=01*no more pain=01*sounds=20
suspiciously like California's original deregulation plan=01*itself a misnomer;=20
California wasn't deregulated, it was restructured.=20
Energy 'island' won't work
But Davis's efforts to, in effect, create the electrical island of California=20
will not work, many say. The governor's control of transmission doesn't solve=20
the immediate demand-supply conundrum.=20
And creation of the fancy-sounding California Consumer Power and Conservation=20
Financing Authority to buy, build and operate power plants could drive=20
private developers out of the Golden State=01*who wants to compete against the=20
ultimate government-subsidized entity?=20
"Davis is, in effect, nationalizing the power industry in California," said=20
Jonathan Gottlieb, a partner in Washington, D.C., law firm Baker & McKenzie's=20
North American Utility and Energy Products Group. "Command and control=20
economies have been collapsing around the world=01*except in California."=20
The problems with the California power industry are numerous and beaten to=20
death by the media. It appears everything went wrong that could go wrong=01*all=20
at once=01*Murphy's Law in the absurd.=20
Just as numerous as the problems, are the number of entities which can be=20
fingered as having a hand in the debacle.=20
All that said, Gov. Davis feels he has the magic bullet which will make=20
everything right: take over much of the system, force those=20
out-of-state-based generators to act "responsibly," bail out the incumbent=20
utilities and not raise customer rates.=20
But has anyone looked longer term than the next few months concerning the=20
consequences of Davis' moves? Anyone stop to think what happens if and when=20
the state does take control?=20
Who runs the state-owned system?=20
"With the transmission-lines buy, you have a mechanism which gives the=20
utilities cash to pay off the debt incurred in buying wholesale power," said=20
Craig Pirrong, a commodity markets expert and professor in the Olin School of=20
Business at Washington University in St. Louis.=20
"But now there are operational questions," Pirrong continued. "Is the state=20
the most efficient entity to operate and maintain the wires system?"=20
Good question. "You have to find someone to run the system once you take it=20
over," said William Hogan, a professor in Harvard University's John F.=20
Kennedy School of Government. "So you either contract or hire utility=20
employees."=20
There is precedent, obviously, for government-owned and operated utilities.=20
In the United States, more than 2,000 municipals operate today, while=20
internationally a number of state-run utilities are in operation, for example=20
Electricit, de France. But government ownership of utilities appears to be on=20
the way out across the world, the experts say.=20
"Look what's happening worldwide," said Adrian Moore, executive director of=20
the Los Angeles-based free market think tank Reason Public Policy Institute.=20
"Over the last seven or eight years, billions of dollars worth of utility=20
privatizations have taken place. Germany and Italy, for example, are selling=20
off huge tranches of their national utilities."=20
Municipal utilities tout their lower costs per customer, but those figures=20
are deceptive, some industry watchers believe.=20
"There are a lot of tax advantages and hidden subsidies in municipal=20
utilities that mask the real cost," said economist Murray Weidenbaum, scholar=20
in residence at the Jones Graduate School of Management at Rice University in=20
Houston, Texas, and the former first chairman of President Reagan's Council=20
of Economic Advisers. "If you move to a state-run utility, you can almost=20
guarantee costs will go up over time," Moore said.=20
Politics taking precedence
With state control of California's transmission lines, many experts see=20
politics taking precedence over economics=01*or need=01*when decisions are made=20
concerning where to build new lines.=20
"You can see gamesmanship and lobbying taking precedence, moving away from=20
economic drivers toward political drivers," Washington University's Pirrong=20
said.=20
On the generation side, many of the same problems associated with assuming=20
command of the wires could occur.=20
Generators including Mirant Corp. and Duke Energy already publicly expressed=20
concerns with the wires acquisition; specifically, will they be shut out of=20
access to get their power to market?=20
"I can see politically that they've got to get something out of this to sell=20
the plan to consumers, but we need to make sure we aren't discriminated=20
against," Mirant President Marce Fuller said during the recent Cambridge=20
Energy Research Associates energy conference in Houston.=20
Discrimination against incumbents could occur, but what about bias against=20
potential generators? With the establishment of the Consumer Power and=20
Conservation Financing Board, what private company would want to bid against=20
the sixth largest economy in the world?=20
"With the government involved, companies would be reluctant to build new=20
plants without a government contract, because the government is subsidizing=20
construction," said Harvard's Hogan.=20
"Where's the state's comparative advantage in building new plants?"=20
Washington University's Pirrong asked.=20
FERC must weigh-in
There is another major player in California's ascension to wires=20
owner-operator: the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission (FERC). The Federal=20
Power Act puts FERC right in the middle of the California takeover, said=20
Baker & McKenzie's Gottlieb.=20
"FERC Chairman Curtis Hebert has used the word 'nationalization' publicly to=20
describe what California is proposing, and has said he has definite concerns=20
about the proposal," Gottlieb said. "I don't think FERC can say no to the=20
California takeover, but they could weigh it down with conditions."=20
One of those conditions may be a trade-off: FERC will approve California's=20
takeover of transmission wires, in exchange for the state giving control of=20
the lines to multi-state regional transmission organizations.=20
A 'quick' fix could take months
No one, including Davis, sees this plan happening quickly. In a presentation=20
Wednesday to analysts in New York, the governor admitted it would take up to=20
four more weeks to reach agreement with PG&E Corp./Pacific Gas & Electric Co.=20
for its wires. He also admitted he cannot win enough Republicans to pass the=20
bill with the two-thirds majority needed for immediate implementation. Bills=20
in California passed with a simple majority must wait 90 days before going=20
into effect.=20
Thus, the entire process may not be over for at least another six weeks, and=20
even then the Davis plan could face a ballot initiative. But for the sake of=20
argument, assume Gov. Davis gets his way and takes control of the=20
investor-owned utilities' wires and begins building and buying plants. Where=20
does such a massive undertaking leave the Golden State in three to five=20
years?=20
"All things add up to a pretty grim situation," said the Reason Public Policy=20
Institute's Moore. "Five years from now just because the state is purchasing=20
power, we will have prices higher than the U.S. average. That will be=20
exacerbated by the state owning the wires and building the plants."=20
"I'm very dubious; the government-run utility in the long-run will be very=20
expensive," Harvard's Hogan concurred.=20
Baker & McKenzie's Gottlieb sees the California screen test as providing the=20
impetus for a huge infrastructure build-out nationwide. One recent survey=20
found that some $20 billion in plant financings within the United States are=20
projected for just the first three months of 2001=01*compared to $24 billion for=20
all of 1999.=20
A textbook case
According to economist Weidenbaum, the California energy debacle answers the=20
question "does the government deregulate as badly as it regulates," with a=20
huge exclamation point.=20
"California is a textbook dramatization of the shortcomings of government=20
involvement with business," Weidenbaum said. "You now have Chapter Two in=20
that book; we already have Chapter One."=20
The English poet Donne said: "And therefore never send to know for whom the=20
bell tolls; it tolls for thee."=20
In California, that "bell" is clanging.=20
Ex-Regulator Urges Temporary Federal Price Caps on Power
Carolyn Lochhead, Chronicle Washington Bureau=20
?
Friday,?March 2, 2001=20
Washington -- Federal energy regulators should intervene more forcefully in=20
California's energy crisis, a former Reagan-appointed regulator said=20
yesterday,=20
while other experts feared the financial effects could balloon into another=20
savings-and-loan bailout disaster.=20
Independent regulatory experts speaking at a high-profile panel on the energy=20
crunch also said Gov. Gray Davis may be whistling in the dark in his=20
assurances that the power crisis will be largely resolved by summer.=20
"I think there is a fairly compelling argument that something needs to be=20
done," said Elizabeth Moler, appointed to the Federal Energy Regulatory=20
Commission by President Ronald Reagan and named chairwoman by President Bill=20
Clinton.=20
Moler, speaking to the Brookings Institution and the American Enterprise=20
Institute Joint Center for Regulatory Studies, said some form of temporary=20
federal intervention on wholesale prices is needed, so long as it does not=20
discourage investment in new generation capacity.=20
Davis and Sen. Dianne Feinstein, D-Calif., have urged federal regulators to=20
impose temporary price controls to give the state breathing room.=20
The chairman of the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, Curt Hebert, is=20
strongly opposed to price caps, saying they would discourage investment and=20
delay resolution of the crisis. California needs to lift the electricity rate=20
freeze on consumers to encourage conservation and restore the finances of the=20
bankrupt investor-owned utilities, Hebert has argued.=20
But Moler faulted federal regulators and the California Public Utilities=20
Commission, both of which oversaw the state's deregulation plan, for allowing=20
the problem to fester.=20
"The signs were there in June that something needed to happen," Moler said,=20
noting that electricity deregulation is complex and always needs adjustments.=20
"I'd like to think I would have been reading the market monitoring reports, "=20
Moler said. "I'd like to think I would have been on the airplane to San=20
Francisco every other week, and on the other weeks, the CPUC would have been=20
on a plane to Washington."=20
Moler also faulted state PUC members for blaming the crisis on their=20
predecessors. "I'm pretty amazed the CPUC is still blaming Dan Fessler," the=20
former chairman, Moler said. "He's been gone for three years."=20
Moler noted that the state's plan to take over the utilities' transmission=20
lines needs federal regulatory approval, which Hebert indicated he opposes,=20
comparing the move to "nationalization."=20
Davis' assertions this week to Washington policymakers and Wall Street=20
analysts that he has the crisis under control were also viewed dubiously.=20
Noting that peak California power demand will rise to 45,000 megawatts in the=20
summer from 30,000 in the winter, Robert Litan, director of the Joint Center=20
for Regulatory Studies, said, "You do your own math. If you think the problem=20
is bad now, you ain't seen nothing yet."=20
Litan said the state's partial electricity deregulation was a giant gamble=20
that freed wholesale prices would stay below fixed retail prices, but the bet=20
went bad and now state taxpayers are paying the cost.=20
"I used to study S&Ls, and what California is doing sounds a lot like what=20
the federal government did for 10 years, which was pray and hope that the=20
problem goes away," he said.=20
California is paying roughly $1.5 billion a month for electricity while state=20
officials try to craft a long-term solution.=20
Paul Joskow, director of the Center for Energy and Environmental Policy=20
Research at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, said state and federal=20
policymakers must devise a long-term blueprint that encourages investment in=20
new generation and offers price stability to consumers.=20
"I haven't seen any long-term plan yet for where they are going in=20
California," Joskow said. ". . . I think the governor owes that to the=20
citizens of California, because now we're going from week to week, and you=20
know as well as I do what it's going to be six months from now."=20
E-mail Carolyn Lochhead at clochhead@sfchronicle.com.=20
?=20
? Printer-friendly version=20
? Email this article to a friend=20
02/16/2001 - California governor proposes state power line purchase .=20
02/09/2001 - Removal of Rate Caps Urged.=20
02/08/2001 - Developments in California's power crisis .=20
02/04/2001 - Davis Neglected Key Strategy In Power Crisis.=20
>more related articles...=20
NEWS=20
PG&E to Pay Creditors Only 15% / Smaller suppliers outraged over plan
David Lazarus
03/02/2001=20
The San Francisco Chronicle=20
FINAL=20
Page A1=20
Pacific Gas and Electric Co. said yesterday it would pay only about 15 cents=20
on the dollar for its outstanding power bills, sparking outrage among smaller=20
creditors, who accused the utility of driving them out of business.=20
In a filing to securities regulators, PG&E revealed it would pay just $228=20
million of about $1.4billion due for recent electricity purchases.=20
"How would you feel if your boss gave you just 15 percent of your paycheck=20
and said he'll get back to you for the rest?" asked Bob Judd, director of the=20
California Biomass Energy Alliance, representing operators of 28 wood-fired=20
plants statewide.=20
PG&E's filing marks a turning point in California 's energy crisis. It is now=20
possible that not only will the state's largest utility go under, but it=20
could take a number of power generators with it.=20
PG&E, now in talks with the governor on a possible financial bailout, is=20
telling creditors to be thankful for whatever they get. If the utility=20
declares bankruptcy, all parties know, many creditors may receive nothing.=20
Still, time is running out for Ridgewood Power, a New Jersey company with 14=20
plants in California . It already has had to shut down three facilities in=20
PG&E's service area because it can no longer afford to keep them running.=20
'NOWHERE NEAR'=20
"The amount of money PG&E is giving us is nowhere near what we need to pay=20
our natural gas suppliers," said Martin Quinn, Ridgewood's chief operating=20
officer. "We could restart the plants tomorrow if we could be released from=20
our PG&E contracts and sell to another buyer."=20
He added that his company would ask federal regulators to nullify its=20
contracts with PG&E so Ridgewood could bid for alternative power contracts=20
being offered by California state officials.=20
PG&E's larger creditors reacted more cautiously to word that the utility=20
would pay only a fraction of its outstanding bills.=20
"We have to study the consequences and see," said Richard Wheatley, a=20
spokesman for Houston's Reliant Energy, which formed a creditors' committee=20
last month with other leading electricity providers. "We don't know how much=20
of the money we'll get."=20
Reliant and other major creditors are grappling with how much leeway to grant=20
PG&E on its unpaid bills before deciding to cut their losses and push the=20
cash-strapped utility into bankruptcy.=20
'VERY CONCERNED'=20
"We are very concerned about the credit issue," said Steve Stengel, a=20
spokesman for Houston's Dynegy Inc., another member of the creditors'=20
committee. "But we are still interested in finding a comprehensive solution=20
to California 's energy situation."=20
That may depend on the outcome of current talks Gov. Gray Davis is holding=20
with PG&E and Southern California Edison to purchase the utilities'=20
transmission lines as part of a multibillion-dollar bailout package.=20
PG&E and Edison are saddled with nearly $13 billion in debt as a result of=20
ill-conceived efforts to deregulate the state's electricity market.=20
The announcement of partial payments was not a complete surprise to PG&E's=20
creditors. The utility's chief financial officer, Kent Harvey, told investors=20
in a conference call last month that PG&E would prefer to "make partial=20
payments than no payments at all."=20
PG&E has defaulted on more than $730 million in short-term debt payments=20
since January amid growing concerns that the utility will file for bankruptcy=20
protection.=20
In response, three California counties have formed their own creditors'=20
committee to recoup investments in PG&E's short-term debt, also known as=20
commercial paper.=20
The three -- Santa Cruz, Riverside and Siskiyou counties -- are inviting=20
other public agencies to join forces in seeking compensation from PG&E for=20
the defaulted payments.=20
The prospect of PG&E filing for bankruptcy has diminished somewhat in recent=20
weeks as Davis and Sacramento lawmakers scrambled to come up with proposals=20
to rescue California 's utilities from financial ruin.=20
Although Edison has said it is prepared to sell its power lines to the state=20
for nearly $3 billion, PG&E so far has refused to follow suit.=20
However, as The Chronicle reported yesterday, the utility retained outside=20
counsel this week to offer advice on a possible sale of its power lines,=20
increasing the likelihood that a deal may be in the works.=20
SUITS ALLEGE MISMANAGEMENT=20
Separately, PG&E said yesterday it had been hit with a pair of lawsuits=20
seeking almost $3 billion in restitution for financial mismanagement.=20
One suit charges the utility's parent company, PG&E Corp., with violating its=20
fiduciary duties by forcing the utility to repurchase shares from the=20
corporation for $2.3 billion.=20
The other alleges that PG&E Corp. collected nearly $3 billion from the=20
utility under a tax-sharing arrangement but paid only $2.3 billion to the=20
government.=20
The lawsuits were filed in San Francisco Superior Court by Richard D. Wilson.=20
No other information about the plaintiff was immediately available.=20
MBD  	02/15/2001 01:20 PM
Here are 4 of the five legislative proposals our office has been asked to
draft.  The only one missing is no. 4, the expedited generation siting
proposal, which will have to be worked on more as we have just received
extensive comments from ENA and outside counsel (McCutchen).  By separate
cover, I will send Jeff Dasovich the summary letter desribing the proposals.
If changes are required, please contact Brian Cragg of our office.
(bcragg@gmssr.com)
Thank you.
Mike Day
- PART5.DOC
- PART3.DOC
- PART2.DOC
- PART1.DOC
Susan J Mara
02/21/2001 05:26 PM
Here is an initial draft from our attorneys in California on the state 
processes that could be required.  In my experience, the single biggest issue 
the utilities have is the transfer of the rights of way -- there are 
thousands of these -- each like an individual contract.  If the state tried 
eminent domain, it seems like it could face a long-time in the courts to 
finish that process.
Sue Mara
Enron Corp.
Tel: (415) 782-7802
Fax:(415) 782-7854
Scott Govenar  	02/16/2001 07:13 AM
The Senate did not take up SBX 6 or SBX 33 prior to adjourning for the
long weekend.  The next time the Senate will meet is on Tuesday at 10:00
a.m.  I have attached the most recent versions of both bills.
sen.pdf
_sen.pdf
Susan J Mara
02/16/2001 12:58 PM
Nork Plotkin was recently hired by our retail coalition.  Here is his report 
from the meeting on SB 27X
Sue Mara
Enron Corp.
Tel: (415) 782-7802
Fax:(415) 782-7854
nplotkin@tfglobby.com (Norman Plotkin)
02/15/2001 05:55 PM
The first meeting relative to the SB 27x fix to the suspension of da 
contained in AB 1x was held at the Capitol today.  Present were ESPs, 
consumer groups, business interests, the utlities and representatives from 
the Department of Finance, the DWR and Finance's Bond Counsel.  The meeting 
was led by Laurence Lingbloom from Senator bowen's office.
Aaron Thomas led off with an articualtion of the AReM/business coalition 
proposal. Successive presentations were given by interests who submitted 
either correspondence or draft proposals- the details of which can be 
discussed in tomorrow's conference call.
Of particular note, and the greatest obstacle facing the future of da, was 
the presentation by the attorney representing the Dept. of Finance.  He 
expressed concern over broad exemptions from exit fees (ie: all residential 
and small commercial customers < 100kw) and broad authority to opt out will 
make it extremely difficult to actually sell the bonds 
We need to follow up with Finance, their counsel and DWR to allay their 
fears- the sooner the better.  We need to be able to speak their language on 
bonding particulars and we need to be able to articulate our position in 
terms relavant to their bonding requirements.  We can discuss this further in 
the call tomorow.
Finally, Lingbloom said he will circulate a proposal of his own by midweek 
next.  The general tenor at the conclusion of the meeting was not good- we 
have our work cut out for us.
Until tomorrow.
Norm  
EIS Billing@
08/04/2000 03:30 PM
Year 2000 changes:
Phone charges:  Phones are being charged to the person's company and cost 
center where possible, otherwise rent as before.  The description will start 
with People\ or Room\ unless it was entered manually at the source.
Data connections:  One connection is being charged for each room instead of 
one connection for each port in a room.
Attached  are spreadsheets with the detail supporting the expenses for 
telephones, data ports, EDI, Enterprise LAN, Enterprise Help Desk, video 
conferencing, Internet access, email, and other services provided to Enron 
business units by Enron Information Services. 
EIS billings for items attached to the room, such as phones and data ports, 
and people specific services for contractors, such as LAN ID's and AT&T 
calling cards, are billed to the same company and cost center as room rent in 
EB or 3AC.  For Omaha, EIS uses a phone database maintained by Tammy Anderson 
for this purpose 
People specific services for employees are billed to the company and cost 
center corresponding to the employee's HR company and department. Video 
conference usage, data circuits, Ardmore usage, EDI, and web site billings 
are based on a company and cost center furnished by the person requesting the 
service.
EIS bills services on a one month lag.  We take a snapshot of the Corporate 
Administrative Services rent file for each room in EB and 3AC, of the Omaha 
phone database for each room in Omaha, and of the HR company and department 
for each employee.  This snapshot is taken at the end of each month for use 
as a source for billing information 
Please examine these billings for accuracy.  If our billings are incorrect, 
generally speaking either the rent should be corrected by contacting 
Corporate Administrative Services or the person should be moved to the 
correct HR department by contacting your HR representative.  If the room 
number is incorrect on the phone or long distance billings, this may be 
corrected by sending the room number along with the telephone number to Notes 
Mail ID "Move-Team".
BTC  	02/15/2001 09:36 PM
Attached is a revised version of Mike Day's draft of Part 4 of the
legislative package, on expedited permitting of new and expanded electric
generating capacity.  I have tried to incorporate the thoughtful comments
provided to me by Sam Wehn of ENA and Barry Ogilby of McCutcheon (outside
counsel).  Since Mike will soon be off on a family vacation, please direct
any comments or questions to me at 415-765-8413 or bcragg@gmssr.com.
- X21095.DOC
=09Jeff Dasovich
=09Sent by: Jeff Dasovich
=0902/16/2001 08:49 AM
=09=09=20
=09
Greetings All:
First, I am apologizing in advance for any typos in this email.  Schedule is=20
very tight, but I wanted to make sure that everyone had it first thing this=20
morning, with some back-up info that I've included below.
Attached is the email that was sent to Ken Lay's office yesterday evening for=20
delivery to Sen. Brulte.  It's of course confidential.  Few points:
I don't have Bev's email, so if you could please forward to her, that would=20
be appreciated.
As we discussed (Jim, Mike, Bev, Scott, Hedy) on our lengthy call on=20
Wednesday, I'm assuming that the plan is still to "wallpaper" Sacramento with=20
our proposed legislation.
This email does not contain the legislation.  Mike sent the "final" versions=20
of our legislation out yesterday, except for the siting piece, which I=20
believe Brian Cragg of Mike's office is finalizing today.
You'll note that we promise Senator Brulte in the email that we'll deliver to=20
his office today the proposed legislation.  Again, based on our call on=20
Wednesday, I'm assuming that we would simultaneously release the proposed=20
legislation to the rest of the world at the same time.
When we spoke on Wednesday, we decided that the Sacramento team would=20
determine to whom we would circulate the proposed legislation at the same=20
time that we deliver the Senator Brulte. I'm assuming that you folks will=20
handle that end of things.  Please let us know at your convenience to whom=20
you've decided to circulate.
This email does, however, include a "summary" of our proposed legislation. =20
But I'm not certain that the summary included in this email is the=20
appropriate language to distribute "to the world," or if we'll need instead=20
to tailor some new language.  I think we all agreed that we need a "one=20
pager" to accompany the legislative package so that we can communicate the=20
package effectively.
We also discussed the need to quickly develop a coalition to support our=20
proposals.  We didn't finalize that plan.  Perhaps the Sacramento team could=20
propose a plan to do that.  Perhaps we could start with our friends in the=20
Direct Access coalition?
We also talked about the need at this point to engage in PR and to get the PR=20
machinery activated, also with the goal of effectively communicating our=20
legislative package/message.  We're in a meeting with folks today where we=20
can discuss getting that side of things going and Karen Denne has contacted=20
Marathon and they're pondering some things that we can do in the near term.
You'll note that there's a considerable amount of information about the DWR=20
credit issue.  As I recollect, we discussed the issue in depth on the call. =20
You note that attached to the email is a "legislative fix" to AB1X that could=20
solve the credit issue and an attached set of "taking points" related to a=20
second alternative to solving the credit issue:  a PUC order clarifying that=20
DWR will get its money for power purchase costs.
Note also that Steve Kean reminded me that we've got to continue to push to=20
get the utilities out of the merchant function.  Accordingly, I've put a=20
brief paragraph on that issue in the note to Brulte in the last section=20
(legislative solution) under the topic "create a real competitive retail=20
market in California."  To the best of my knowledge, we don't have=20
legislative language on that piece yet, and it seems that we'll need to=20
discuss it in considerably more depth before doing so.
If you have any questions about any of the materials in the email, please=20
don't hesitate to contact me or Jim or Sandi to discuss.  I can be best=20
reached to day by pager at 888.916.7184. =20
Thanks to all for helping pull this together.
Best,
Jeff
=09Jeff Dasovich
=09Sent by: Jeff Dasovich
=0902/15/2001 06:11 PM
=09=09=20
Steve:
Here's a substantially more cleaned-version, with attachments.  There's a=20
hard copy on your chair.
Best,
Jeff
=09Jeff Dasovich
=09Sent by: Jeff Dasovich
=0902/15/2001 05:56 PM
=09=09=20
Jim:
It was a pleasure speaking with you yesterday.  Based on our conversation,=20
this email includes the following:
An Enron contact to discuss developing small-scale generation on Tribal lands.
Our views on the impediments to distributed generation and suggestions on how=20
to remove those impediments.
A description of the credit issues that continue to impede DWR=01,s ability to=20
sign contracts with power suppliers, and options to resolve them. Two=20
possible options for addressing the credit issue are 1) a California PUC=20
order clarifying that DWR will recover its power purchase costs through=20
rates, and 2) an amendment to AB1X designed to accomplish the same goal.  I=20
have attached talking points regarding the California PUC order and proposed=20
amendments to AB1X.  We believe that an amendment to AB1X is the preferable=20
option.
Our assessment of the supply/demand picture in California.
Our suggestions for a legislative package designed to solve both the near-=20
and long-term electricity crisis in California.  We will deliver to your=20
office tomorrow detailed legislative language.  In those materials we will=20
also identify existing bills that we believe can easily accommodate our=20
proposed language.
I hope that the information is useful.  Please do not hesitate to contact me=20
if you would like to discuss these materials further, or if there is anything=20
else that I can do to assist you.
,
Ken
Contact Information to Discuss Interest Expressed by Native American Tribes=20
in Installing Small-scale Generation on Tribal Lands
David Parquet, Vice-President
2. Key Barriers to Distributed Generation
Excessive and Unnecessary Utility Stand-by Charges
Solution: The executive orders issued by the Governor on February 14th took a=20
step in the right direction.  Utility stand-by charges have always been=20
designed by the utilities to protect their monopoly position, extract=20
monopoly prices from customers, or both.  But there is no reason to limit the=20
elimination of these charges to generation facilities that are less than=20
1MW.  These limits will only lengthen unnecessarily the time it takes for=20
California to close the significant gap between supply and demand and reduce=20
the risk of black outs this summer.  We would propose lifting the cap by=20
offering amendments to SB27X, which is designed to facilitate development of=20
distributed generation.
=20
Excessive delays and costs related to interconnecting facilities with=20
investor-owned and municipal utilities
Solution:   The Governor=01,s executive order regarding interconnection is a=20
step in the right direction=01*D-D-26-01 requires utilities to complete=20
interconnection studies within 7 days.  California should ensure that this=20
requirement applies to all generation facilities, including distributed=20
generation.  In addition, the financial conflicts the utilities face when=20
interconnecting generation facilities are simply too powerful to overcome=20
through executive orders or other regulations.  To the greatest extent=20
possible, California should shift control over interconnection away from the=20
utility and place that control with the California ISO.  This could be=20
accomplished through amendments to SB 27X.
Permitting and Air Quality Issues
Developers of distributed (i.e., =01&on-site=018) generation that is 50 MWs or=20
greater must receive certification from the California Energy Commission and=20
therefore face all of the impediments to development that large-scale=20
generation faces. =20
Solution: California should ensure that the executive orders (D-22-01 thru=20
D-26-01) issued by the Governor to expedite plant siting and maximize plant=20
output apply equally to smaller scale, =01&distributed generation=018 facilities.=20
In addition, distributed generation that is less than 50 MWs continues to=20
face local opposition.  The State should ensure that local, parochial=20
interests cannot block otherwise beneficial distributed generation projects. =20
These objectives could be accomplished through amendments to SB27X.
3. Credit Concerns Regarding Authority Granted to DWR in AB1X to Purchase=20
Electricity on Behalf of the Utilities=20
Enron responded to the RFP issued by DWR to enter into power contracts with=20
suppliers.
Enron is in active discussions with DWR to establish contract terms with the=20
goal of entering into a power purchase agreement as soon as possible.
However, ambiguities contained in AB1X have created significant credit risk=20
concerns that need to be resolved in order to finalize contract terms.
We understand that the lion=01,s share of counterparties share Enron=01,s credit=20
risk concerns.
Enron has proposed several options for resolving the credit risk issues and=20
is working with DWR to arrive at a solution that is mutually agreeable to=20
both sides and that might serve as a template for power purchase agreements=20
going forward.
Summary of the Source of the Credit Risk Issue
Ambiguous Ratemaking Authority
The language in AB1X is ambiguous as to whether DWR has any authority to=20
charge California ratepayers for the costs of purchasing power.  From our=20
analysis of the bill, the language in AB1X appears to leave intact the=20
California PUC=01,s exclusive jurisdiction over ratemaking in California.  As=20
such, suppliers have no assurance that the PUC will agree to include in rates=20
adequate charges to cover DWR=01,s costs of power purchases.
Ambiguous Regulatory Authority Regarding Contract =01&Prudence=018
The language in AB1X leaves open the possibility that the California Public=20
Utilities Commission could determine that power purchases made by DWR are=20
=01&imprudent.=018  On the basis of such a finding, the CPUC could then refuse to=20
allow DWR to collect from ratepayers the costs associated with its power=20
purchases.  Consequently, suppliers have no assurance that the PUC will agree=20
to include in rates the charges to cover the costs of power contracts that=20
DWR has entered into with suppliers.
=20
Ambiguous Language Regarding the Ratemaking Mechanism that Will Be Used to=20
Recover DWR=01,s Costs of Power Purchases
In addition to the ambiguity regarding ratemaking and regulatory authority=20
noted above, the language in the bill is equally ambiguous with respect to=20
the specific ratemaking =01&mechanics=018 that AB1X directs the PUC to employ to=20
permit DWR to recover its power purchase costs. Based on our analysis, it is=20
extremely difficult to determine how the PUC would design the rates to ensure=20
DWR recovers its power purchase costs.  Moreover, as currently drafted, it is=20
difficult to determine whether AB1X would even permit the PUC to include in=20
rates all of the charges necessary to fully recover DWR=01,s power purchase=20
costs.  Again, this ambiguity raises significant credit risk concerns since=20
suppliers have little assurance that DWR will have the ability to recover=20
from ratepayers the costs of purchasing power.
Options to Resolve Concerns Regarding Credit Risk=20
We have been working diligently with DWR officials to resolve the credit risk=20
issues.  We have identified three options:
Amend AB1X
The amendments, which are attached to this email, would clarify that a) the=20
PUC would accept as =01&prudent and reasonable=018 all purchase costs incurred by=20
DWR, and b) the PUC is obligated to include in rates the charges necessary to=20
ensure that DWR fully recovers its costs of power purchases.  This is the=20
preferred option, though we understand that the there may be some political=20
challenges standing in the way of amending AB1X.  (See attached file=20
entitled, =01&AmendAB1X.doc=018.)
Clarify the Ambiguities in AB1X through an Order Issued by the PUC, and=20
through Contract Language
This is the option that we are currently working with DWR officials to=20
implement.  However, it is more complicated and could take significantly more=20
time to implement than the "legislative" fix.  We have attached electronic=20
copies of the talking points related to the order that the California PUC=20
would need to issue under this option.  (See attached file entitled,=20
=01&cpuctalkingpoints.doc.=018)
Make Use of Other Instruments Designed to Address Credit Risk
As indicated in our letter responding to DWR=01,s RFP, we are willing to accept=20
other forms of credit from DWR.  Those options include a letter of credit,=20
cash prepayment, or an acceptable form of collateral.  DWR officials have=20
indicated to us that DWR prefers to pursue the second options. That is, DWR=20
prefers to clarify the ambiguities in AB1X through a PUC order and through=20
contract amendments.
4. California=01,s Supply-demand Picture Heading into Summer 2001
Both the California Energy Commission and Cambridge Energy Research=20
Associates (CERA), a private sector energy think tank, have issued reports=20
showing that California faces a severe supply-demand imbalance.  They differ=20
only on how much and how soon additional supply will be made available.  All=20
credible sources agree that supply will be very tight throughout the Summer=20
of 2001 and that unless a solution is found immediately, blackouts are=20
likely. =20
CEC and CERA both forecast that California will be short of supply this=20
summer by approximately 5,000 MW.   These numbers are in line with our=20
estimates.  California=01,s supply base currently has a 6% capacity margin, well=20
below the average 15-20%, which is recommended for reliable system operation=20
in the West.  Since the West relies more heavily upon hydroelectric power=20
than other regions, reserves are particularly important, owing to the=20
unpredictability of the weather and the dry year the West has experienced to=20
date. In the event of a low rain and snow period, the system must possess the=20
flexibility to respond to the reduced availability of power supply. =20
California=01,s very low reserve margin makes it especially susceptible to this=20
requirement. =20
Other reasons for reduced supply for the Summer of 2001 include the early=20
draw-down of reservoirs in the continual effort to manage California's severe=20
supply-demand gap; emissions restrictions on existing plants; and a reduced=20
number of customers who can be curtailed under their contracts with the=20
utilities.  Cambridge Energy Research Associates asserts that at the current=20
pace of siting, permitting and construction, adequate supplies will not be=20
added to correct the market imbalance until 2003 at the earliest.
CERA predicts that California is likely to face approximately 20 hours of=20
rolling black outs this summer.  The CEC paints a considerably more=20
optimistic scenario, betting that California will bring an additional 5,000=20
MWs on line to meet peaking summer demand.  It is our view that California=20
should view the CEC's "rosy scenario" with considerable skepticism.
5. Suggested Package of Legislative Proposals Designed to Solve California=01,s=20
Electricity Crisis
This email offers an overview of our proposed legislative solution.  We will=20
deliver to your office tomorrow specific legislative language and existing=20
bills that we believe can accommodate our proposals.
As we have suggested throughout the crisis, any solution to California's=20
crisis must focus on four issues:
Increase supply
Decrease demand
Establish a truly competitive retail electricity market
Return California=01,s Investor-owned utilities to solvency
Increase supply--Legislative vehicle: SB28X (Sher)
To site and construct a power plant in Texas takes approximately 2 years. =20
Enron and others have completed the entire process in other states in less=20
than a year.  In California, it takes about six years, or longer.
The Governor=01,s executive orders and Senator Sher=01,s siting reform legislation=20
are steps in the right direction.  Our suggested amendments can improve those=20
efforts by further addressing the difficulties that project developers face=20
in securing air emission reduction credits to meet the air permit=20
requirements included in the CEC's certification requirements.  Enron=01,s=20
proposal seeks to streamline the process for 1) obtaining credits and 2)=20
transfering credits between air districts.  In addition, it creates an=20
innovative emissions reduction bank to allow project sponsors to fund=20
emissions in advance of obtaining certification, and permits the affected air=20
districts to use those funds to finance projects that will produce the=20
required reductions in pollution emissions.
Decrease demand=01*Legislative Vehicle:   AB31X (Wright)
Because of the delay in getting a solution in place in California, closing=20
the supply-demand gap through energy conservation and efficiency offers the=20
best chance of avoiding blackouts this summer.  This can be accomplished most=20
effectively and quickly in two ways:
Buy-down demand
California is tapping into an enormous amount of money from the General Fund=20
to finance DWR=01,s power purchases.  California could likely reduce demand more=20
economically by running an auction to determine the payments businesses would=20
be willing to receive to reduce their demand for a sustained period (e.g.,=20
through the summer months).  DWR could easily run an on-line auction to=20
determine the price it could pay for these demand reductions.  To=20
participate, businesses would be required to have the metering equipment=20
necessary to monitor and verify that they are actually achieving the=20
reductions.  Enron has developed an on-line auction software package, =01&Deal=20
Bench,=018 that it would be willing to contribute to the effort.
Use Price Signals to Incent Voluntary Curtailment
To be successful, customers need access to the following key elements:
An internet based hour-ahead price posting system to track the market price=20
for hour-ahead power in real time.=20
Real-time metering systems for baseline demand and voluntarily curtailment=20
verification.
Settlement process that allows for market clearing prices of energy to be=20
paid for load reduction (=01&Negawatts=018).
The potential benefits of an effective demand response program would include:
=01&creation=018 of additional summer peaking capacity in California, particularly=20
in the short term, without requiring construction of additional generation=20
resources.
reduction of  peak or super-peak load on the over-stressed California=20
electric system, thus potentially reducing the overall cost of electricity in=20
the state.
fostering of demand elasticity without subjecting customers to the full risk=20
of hourly market price volatility by passing market price signals to=20
customers and allowing them to voluntarily shed load and be compensated for=20
responding.=20
We estimate that we could generate a summer 2001 on-peak demand response in=20
excess of 400 MW during certain high cost hours, and a demand response for=20
summer 2002 on-peak hours that could exceed 1000 MW.  We further estimate=20
that the market response to this program from all ESPs could be 2 to 3 times=20
that amount.  We recommend that the State of California provide rebates=20
directly to customers to fund the installation of advanced metering and=20
control systems that would support load curtailment implementation.
Establish a truly competitive retail electricity market=01*Legislative vehicle:=20
SB27X
The only customers who were protected from price volatility in San Diego were=20
customers who chose Direct Access and signed fixed price deals with energy=20
service providers.  Ironically, AB1X takes that important option away from=20
customers and businesses.  It is critical that AB1X be amended to remove the=20
prohibition against Direct Access.
Enron's legislative proposal would give customers freedom to enter into a=20
direct access transaction, while simultaneously addressing the Department of=20
Water Resources' concerns about stranded power costs that might result from=20
customer migration. =20
In addition, California will only achieve a competitive retail market when=20
the utility is removed completely from the procurement function.  Procurement=20
is not a utility core competency, as evidenced by the dire financial=20
condition in which the utilities now find themselves.  California should=20
therefore begin immediately to phase the utility out of the procurement=20
function entirely, with the goal of having all customers served by a=20
non-utility provider within 36 months.  To execute the transition, California=20
should hold a series of competitive solicitations over the 36-month period in=20
which competing service providers would bid for the right to serve segments=20
of utility load.
Return California=01,s Investor-owned utilities to solvency=01*Legislative vehicle:=20
AB18X
Utility bankruptcy will not increase supply and it will not decrease demand. =20
In short, bankruptcy does nothing to solve California=01,s supply-demand=20
imbalance.  In addition, bankruptcy increases the likelihood that consumers=20
and businesses will bear the significant financial risks of having California=20
State government assume the role of =01&electricity buyer=018 for an extended=20
period of time.  Finally, bankruptcy will undermine both investor confidence=20
in California's energy markets and the private sector's willingness to=20
participate in that market.
California can return the utilities to financial solvency by implementing a=20
series of staged rate increases.  California should design those rate=20
increases with the dual goal of returning the utilities to solvency without=20
=01&shocking=018 the economy or household budgets For example, California could=20
amortize the recovery of the utilities=01, past debt over a 5-10 year period. =20
In addition, the magnitude of the rate increase can be reduced in two ways:=20
First, the utilities could absorb some portion of their existing debt in=20
recognition of the risk they accepted when they agreed to the structure of AB=20
1890.  Second, California can =01&net=018 the revenues the utilities have received=20
from selling electricity into the Power Exchange against the debts they have=20
accrued due to the retail price cap.
Jeff Dasovich
Sent by: Jeff Dasovich
02/22/2001 01:26 PM
John Neslage@_DEVELOPMENT
02/22/2001 10:37 AM
We are in the process of distilling this list down to its essentials, and 
when we are done, I will forward it along to the group.  So as not to hold 
you up, I am attaching a comprehensive list of proposed legislation in both 
the Assembly and the Senate in California, along with short summary of what 
each piece of legislation purports to do.
Thanks-
John
Jeff Dasovich
Sent by: Jeff Dasovich
02/22/2001 02:57 PM
Ginger 
Could you please forward this along to the Quinn-Gillespie folks---David 
Lugar in particular?  Thanks very much.
Others:
Attached are excerpts from the California Leg Analyst's Report--an 
"independent" institution in Sacramento--on the electricity crisis, the plan 
thus far to address it, and the effect that the solution might have on the 
State's financial position.  Also have attached URL to full report.
Best,
Jeff
=09Jeff Dasovich
=09Sent by: Jeff Dasovich
=0902/23/2001 06:16 PM
=09=09=20
=09"Julee Malinowski-Ball"  =0902/23/2001 05:59 PM
=09Please respond to "Julee Malinowski-Ball"
=09=09=20
Date: 2/23/01
RECENT EVENTS:
-- The week started off on a very positive note.  Monday was a holiday!
Tuesday, however, inevitably came along to spoil all the fun with last
minute committee hearing announcements for some significant bills.
-- SB 39x (Speier) was heard this week in the Senate Energy Committee.  This
measure would define owners or operators of any electric generating facility
as a public utility subject to the state=01,s jurisdiction.  The bill also
places the CPUC in the role of determining scheduled maintenance outages for
generation units.  Although the bill goes much further, the author=01,s only
intention is to give the CPUC a role in coordinating power plant outages,
but seems to not understand the implications of doing it in the manner
outlined in the bill.  IEP opposed the bill and testified to that end along
with CMTA, the State Chamber of Commerce, Enron, WSPA, and the California
Cogeneration Council.  The usual cast of consumer groups supported the bill.
Of particular note during the hearing was the hostility shown to the
opposition by the Chair of the Committee, Senator Bowen.  The message from
the opposition clearly was ignored by the majority of the members as it
passed out of the committee on a party-line vote.  IEP is currently
reassessing its strategy on this particular issue because this is not the
only bill that proposes similar changes.
-- The Assembly Natural Resources Committee, chaired by Asm. Howard Wayne,
was scheduled this week to hear two siting bills.  The first was AB 34x (La
Suer), which would make various changes to the CEC siting process, including
some IEP-sponsored language.  IEP has a support if amended position on the
bill which has some technical and policy problems, but workable.  Last
minute amendments offered by Asm. Keeley forced Asm. La Suer to postpone a
hearing on the bill until next Monday (2/26).  However, because the Keeley
amendments basically gut the current language and turn it into a study bill,
La Suer is unlikely to accept them and, according to the negative committee
analysis, the committee is unlikely to approve the measure in its current
form.
AB 36x (Wright), on the other hand, passed the Natural Resources committee
with only one =01&no=018 vote.  AB 36x would provide expedited siting for a
repower project, as defined.  However, despite IEP=01,s efforts to get the bill
amended, the current language would help few, if any, repower projects.  The
author has agreed to continue working with us, the environmental community
and the CEC to develop language that works for everyone.  IEP=01,s major issue
at this point is that is should actually work.  The measure was double
referred to the Assembly Energy Costs and Availability Committee and will be
heard there next.
-- The negotiated language on the QF issue finally has a vehicle, SB 47x
(Battin).  All stakeholders are not united in their complete support for the
measure.  IEP has may need some additional changes but will be mobilizing
members on Monday to educate Senators on the bill and support the measure in
the Senate Energy Committee when it is scheduled for a hearing.  Both SCE
and WSPA also have some outstanding issues, but only WSPA so far will be
opposing the bill.
-- SB 6x (Burton), which would establish and state power and financing
authority, passed off the Senate Floor 24 to 14 this week and is headed to
the Assembly Energy Costs and Availability Committee next. IEP met with
Senator Burton=01,s staff this week to talk about amendments to SB 6x relating
to limiting the Authority=01,s eminent domain powers.  Staff was open to what
we had to say but we have little confidence our recommendations will move
forward with the bill.  Regardless, IEP will continue to push for amendments
on the Assembly side.
-- SB 33x (Burton), which would require the Governor=01,s plan to purchase the
IOU=01,s transmission to be approved first by the Legislature, is still
awaiting consideration on the Senate floor.
-- The Governor had another press conference today to provide a status on
the negotiations between the state and the three IOUs regarding the purchase
of the utilities=01, transmission system.  Reuters is saying there the Governor
has a deal with SCE to purchase its share of the power grid for $2.76
billion.  Negotiations are still going on with PG&E and SDG&E.  More
information on press conference can be found on the Governor=01,s web site.
--  Attached is the most recent legislative tracking report which includes
all the special session bills introduced through yesterday.  Please let me
know if you need copies of any of these bills.
UPCOMING EVENTS:
MONDAY, February 26th
Assembly Natural Resources Committee
1:45 pm, Room 447.
AB 34x (La Suer) =01) makes various changes to the siting process.
Assembly Energy Costs and Availability Committee
1:30 pm, Room 4202.
AB 38x (Jackson) =01) relates to loan guarantees for renewable energy joint
venture agreements.
Senate Environmental Quality Committee
1:30 pm, Room 4203.
SB 28x (Sher/Battin) =01) makes various changes to the siting process.
WEDNESDAY, February 28th
Assembly Revenue and Taxation Committee
1:30 pm, Room 126
AB 45x (Kelley) =01) expands the MIC for certain energy production.
--end--
Julee Malinowski-Ball
Senior Associate
Edson + Modisette
916-552-7070
FAX-552-7075
jmball@ns.net
- 2001 Tracking Report.doc
Michael Tribolet/ENRON@Xgate
02/24/2001 08:07 AM
FYI:
Michael,
I received today the attached letter from Jonathon Rosenthal of Saybrook
Capital.
Based on the conversation you and I had yesterday, I think that a proper
counter proposal would be to meet in LA, organize a credit committee,
and instruct Saybrook to seek funding from PG&E and SCE.  But, I would
be interested in hearing your thoughts.
gba
- WPTF jmw_.doc
Sean - is this anything we need to follow up on?
Sherri Sera
02/28/2001 01:58 PM
Mark and Steve, sorry to bother you with this, but I'm at a loss.  This guy 
(Jim Cofield) called me on my cell phone last night about 7:00 p.m. to get my 
e-mail address.  He asked that I take a look at his e-mail in the morning and 
route it to the appropriate person within Enron 
The ".jpg" files below have no information in them, but the ".doc" file is a 
14 page document with numerous correspondence from Mary Beth Cahill, former 
director in the White House Office for Public Liaison, to Mr. Cofield 
regarding a trip to Nigeria that he supposedly accompanied President Clinton 
on several months ago; followed by a number of "proprietary information 
documents" that mean absolutely nothing to me; followed by an overview of 
Nigeria's electrical power situation; etc....The best I can tell, they are 
trying to get Enron to bid on some project in Nigeria.
Since this e-mail is copied to the Vice President of the United States in 
addition to several ambassadors, I thought it might need attention.  If you 
can figure it out, please let me know how to proceed.  Thanks, SRS
[IMAGE]
?
?
Jim E. Cofield
World Headquarters
Cofield Building
1016-22nd Street, Suite 200-500
Newport News, VA 23607-5316 
Telephone? 757 223-0843
Fax: 757 223-0844
jcofield@home.com (email)
WebSite 
"Making the World a Safer Place"
It is always an Honor to Serve and Support
?
?
- image001.jpg
- image002.jpg
- image001.jpg
- image002.jpg
- Nigeria-Best8.doc
James D Steffes
02/26/2001 08:52 AM
For those that have not seen this analysis, attached please find a note from 
Mary Schoen detailing the serious physical shortage problems that may occur 
this Summer in CA.
Jim
Mary Schoen
02/22/2001 02:55 PM
Attached is a memo comparing the CEC's forecasted supply and a more realistic 
look at what additional resources might be available this summer.
The bottom line is that:
1.  The CEC significantly underestimates the outages that may occur this 
summer.  They estimate in their 5,000 MW supply deficit for the summer that 
expected outages will be around 3,000MW.  However, November and December saw 
significantly higher outage levels.  (7,265 MWs) The FERC has investigated 
these outages and found no improprieties- just that the plants are overtaxed 
from running at higher than normal capacities.
2.  There are a lot of uncertainties surrounding the 1,244 MWs of projected 
supply from rerating/restarting existing thermal and renewable projects.  It 
is very unclear how much of this will be able to come on line by this summer, 
if at all.  As evidenced by the e-mail I sent out this morning, local 
communities may be very opposed to restarting shut down units.  In addition, 
these units are likely to be uneconomical.
3.  In the existing resource pool, there are roughly 1,430 MWs of peaking or 
other generation units that are running up against their operating hour 
limitations from air quality regulations.  The Governor has ordered the local 
air quality districts to address these restrictions,  We are beginning to 
seem some movement; however, the US EPA has yet to weigh in on these relaxed 
standards.
4.  The distributed generation/back-up generation capacity to make up some of 
the shortfall is still an unknown.  While there has been some relaxing of the 
limitations on run hours for back-up generation at "essential public 
services" the increase in DG is expected from "clean" sources, not diesel 
emergency generators.
5.  The CEC is doing everything it can to get 50+ MW peaking units on-line by 
this summer.  They are promising a 21-day permit application approval process 
and are offering to pay half of the cost of offsets, for "clean" sources of 
generation in critical areas.
Please let me know if you have any questions or need additional information.
CEC's Summer Forecasted Peak Demand - Resource Balance:
List of Peakers running into their operating hour limitations:
Also available in hard copy format only:
(please e-mail me your fax number if you'd like a copy)
Table 1:  Fully Executed CA ISO Summer Reliability Agreements (the ISO 
Peaking Facilities)
Table 2:  Summer 2001 Supply Options - Renewables Construction Status Summary
Table 3:  Summer 2001 Supply Options - Rerate of Non-CEC Projects
Table 4:  Summer 2001 Supply Options - CEC Rerate Status Summary
Table 5:  Idle Biomass Plants Potentially Capable of Restart
Mary Schoen
Environmental Strategies
Enron Corp
713-345-7422
There is also a california update call (used to be daily, now weekly Marcia Linton (Jim Steffes' assistant) can give you the call in information 
and add you to the distribution list.
Miyung Buster@_DEVELOPMENT
02/26/2001 09:09 AM
Steve,
I just added Shirley this morning, and I am forwarding her the articles that 
I distributed earlier today.
Steven J Kean@
02/25/2001 08:56 PM
please include shirley on your california updates
Shirley A Hudler@ECT
02/23/2001 10:46 AM
You mentioned at the end of our conf call last week that there might be an 
internal distribution I should be on.  Is there someone I should contact to 
get on the list?
Miyung Buster@_DEVELOPMENT
02/26/2001 09:03 AM
Riverside Press 2/23: "Power line plan has new foes"
Contra Costa Times, 2/23: "GOP in a fix over power crisis"
Sac Bee, Fri 2/23: "Davis says State has tentative deal for Edison grid"
SF Chron 2/23: "Utilities Search for Long-Term Fix During Breather 
SJ Mercury 2/23: "State's Energy Price Tag Increases"
LA Times 2/23: "Paying for power still a big question"
Long Beach Press 2/23: "Lowenthal returns utility money"
Sac Bee 2/23: Columnist Dan Walters: "A power grab by politicians"
SF Chron, 2/23: "Discount Urged Near Power Plants"
Sac Bee 2/23: "At last, power alerts are lifted 
Sac Bee 2/23: "Davis' deadlines on energy much easier set than met"
SF Chron, 2/23: "GOP Sees Power Crisis as Davis' Achilles' Heel"
Contra Costa Times 2/23: "Pressure Is on Utilities to Accept Grid Sale"
SF Chron 2/23: "Energy Firms Won't Pay All of Monster Debt
PUC reverses, taxpayers could foot the bill "
San Diego Union, 2/23: "Small electric producers OK big price cut"
Power line plan has new foes
La Cresta residents vow to keep electricity equipment out of the Cleveland 
Forest and a wilderness area.
By Thomas Buckley
The Press-Enterprise
LAKE ELSINORE
A new group has raised its objections to Lake Elsinore's proposed 
hydroelectric plant and the power lines that might carry its electricity to 
San Diego County. 
On Thursday, the Elsinore Valley Municipal Water District board set aside for 
further study later this month a motion by Director Gary Kelley to ensure 
that both the lines and the actual power plant that make up a $450 million 
Updated: Feb. 23, 2001 - 4:42 p.m. 
LOS ANGELES -- After a week of intense closed-door negotiations with utility 
representatives, Gov. Gray Davis said Friday he had reached an "agreement in 
principle" with Southern California Edison to buy the utility's power lines 
for an estimated $2.7 billion. 
The deal also requires Edison International, the parent company of Edison, to 
sell cheap power to the state for a decade. 
"This is the framework of a good, balanced deal," Davis said. "It's not a 
final deal. There's a lot of work to be done, But we're making progress 
The governor said he did not expect customer rates to increase as a result of 
the deal. 
Edison did not immediately return calls seeking comment. 
The state has been in talks for a week to buy a total of 26,000 miles of 
transmission lines from Edison, Pacific Gas and Electric and Sempra Energy, 
which operates San Diego Gas & Electric. The total cost of the lines could 
range from $4.5 billion to $7 billion. 
The effort is intended to help restore the financial health of the state's 
two largest utilities, PG&E and Edison, both of which are near bankruptcy. 
The $2.7 billion price for the Edison lines amounts to 2.3 times the 
estimated book value, Davis said. 
The utilities say they have lost nearly $13 billion since June, trapped 
between soaring wholesale power prices and state-imposed rate caps for 
consumers. The tentative plan announced by Davis would allow Edison to issue 
bonds for a substantial portion of its losses. 
Davis said the state is making good progress in its talks with Sempra and 
"some progress" with PG&E. Thursday, Davis said he will not sign off on any 
grid buyout without all three utilities' participation. 
"I do not believe we can make a satisfactory arrangement without 60 percent 
of the transmission grid, and that would require cooperation with PG&E," he 
said Friday. 
PG&E spokesman Ron Low said Thursday night that talks had ended with no 
resolution that day. 
"These are complicated problems that will not be solved overnight," Low said. 
"There are clearly some issues where we are very far apart 
Still, PG&E chief executive officer Robert Glynn Jr. said Friday the meeting 
with Davis was a "milestone in the resolution of California's energy crisis" 
and said he was willing to meet further to discuss the utility's proposal. 
"Each utility's issues and opportunities in this crisis are different, and we 
believe that PG&E has proposed a detailed solution that balances ratepayer 
and shareholder interests," Glynn said in a statement issued Friday before 
the governor's news conference. 
The company said it would have no further comment. 
The tentative agreement also calls for: 
Edison parent Edison International to make payments to the utility of about 
$420 million. 
Edison International to commit the entire output of its Sunrise Mission power 
project at low, cost-based rates for 10 years. Davis said that arrangement 
could save ratepayers $500 million over the next two years. 
Edison to provide cost-based rates from generating plants it owns for another 
10 years. 
Edison to drop its lawsuit against the California Public Utilities Commission 
claiming that imposed rate caps were illegal under federal law. 
"This entire transaction, which I believe is fair and balanced for both 
sides, will be accomplished within the existing rate structure," Davis said. 
"We will not be asking any more of consumers to allow this transaction to 
come to pass 
Davis said negotiations will continue in the coming days. 
Consumer advocate Harvey Rosenfield called the governor's plan "an outrageous 
giveaway" and predicted that if lawmakers didn't halt it, voters would 
revolt. 
"The most outrageous part of this isn't even paying 2.3 times what the lines 
are worth, but then allowing the parent companies that siphoned off billions 
of dollars to pay only the tax payment they already owe," Rosenfield said. 
The Public Utilities Commission already regulates how much the utilities can 
charge for power their own plants generate, Rosenfield said. 
--By Leslie Gornstein, Associated Press Writer
Friday,?February 23, 2001 
,2001 San Francisco Chronicle 
Sacramento -- A break in the weather and a break in the energy crisis 
coincided yesterday, as California enjoyed its first day in more than a month 
without a power alert. 
With the short-term picture for power improving, representatives of the 
state's three troubled utilities met separately with Gov. Gray Davis and his 
staff to work on a longer-range fix for the power crisis that would include 
state purchase of the firms' transmission lines. Trouble loomed in at least 
one set of talks, however, as Pacific Gas and Electric Co. said it was "very 
far" from reaching a deal. 
The California Independent System Operator, which coordinates the flow of 
electricity through the state's power grid, removed all power alerts at about 
9 a.m. yesterday. Spokeswoman Lorie O'Donley said that with springtime 
approaching and weather improving, and with some power plants coming back to 
full output from maintenance, the overall picture is brightening. 
"We're optimistic," she said. "We're coming into the spring season, the 
majority of generators have had their maintenance completed. But everything 
is dependent on the weather and temperature The last day California had no power alerts was Jan. 13. Since then, there 
have been two days of rolling blackouts in Northern California and many other 
days of Stage 3 alerts -- when power reserves dip below 1.5 percent of 
available capacity. 
The mildest alert, Stage 1, is declared when reserves are between 5 and 7 
percent of capacity. 
The supply of power has been helped by warmer temperatures in other Western 
states, cutting demand there, and by an increase in generators on line in 
California, O'Donley said. 
Last week, when the state was still in Stage 3 alerts, 10,500 megawatts were 
offline in California. Yesterday, there were 8,200 megawatts offline, a 
difference that provides enough power for a couple million homes. 
O'Donley warned that the supply picture in California is still tight, and 
conservation still necessary. But the focus of attention was turning to 
Sacramento and Davis' talks with the utilities. 
Davis announced a plan last week for the state to purchase 26,000 miles of 
utility-owned transmission lines in exchange for backing bonds that allow the 
utilities to repay the almost $13 billion in debt they say they owe. 
While Southern California Edison and San Diego Gas and Electric have 
indicated willingness to sell their lines, PG&E has refused to comment on the 
proposal. 
It is not clear if PG&E is unwilling to sell or simply trying to strike a 
harder bargain. The utility had accumulated more debt than its Southern 
California counterparts, and also owns the largest part of the transmission 
line grid. 
Talks between Davis' staff and PG&E did not start until late yesterday 
afternoon, and indications were that they were more difficult than 
negotiations involving the other two utilities. 
"They're just on a different page," Michael Peevey, the former Edison 
president who is Davis' chief negotiator, told Bloomberg News. 
PG&E spokesman Ron Low said, "These are difficult problems that cannot be 
solved overnight. There are clearly some areas where we are very far apart Davis hopes to make an announcement with at least one of the utilities before 
leaving today for the four-day National Governors Association meeting in 
Washington, D.C. 
The union that represents some 11,000 PG&E employees, meanwhile, called on 
Davis to negotiate state ownership of two power plants under construction in 
which PG&E holds large stakes. 
Jack McNally, business manager of the International Brotherhood of Electrical 
Workers, Local 1245, in Walnut Creek told Davis in a letter that a 
transmission line takeover would be a "grand experiment" fraught with danger. 
Acquiring the two prospective power plants, in Kern and San Diego counties, 
would do more to address energy shortages than taking over transmission lines 
that need hundreds of millions of dollars in maintenance, union officials 
said. 
Davis spokesman Steve Maviglio countered that state acquisition of 
transmission lines "would not affect one union job," as the state would 
simply lease the grid back to the utilities. Maviglio predicted union jobs 
would increase with investment in new capacity and system upgrades. 
Chronicle staff writers Patrick Hoge and Robert Salladay contributed to this 
report. 
Mercury News Sacramento Bureau 
SACRAMENTO -- California's energy crisis took another big bite out of the 
state budget Thursday when finance aides to Gov. Gray Davis announced that 
the cost of buying energy may top $3 billion by mid-March. 
In a move that raised new alarms for lawmakers, the governor's finance team 
for the third time this month asked for $500 million to buy electricity in 
the coming weeks while Davis tries to work out a deal to bail out the state's 
near-bankrupt utilities. That, combined with money spent last month to buy 
energy, could drain the state coffers of $3 billion by St. Patrick's Day. 
The request for more cash came on the same day that California spent its 
first day in weeks without an official energy emergency and Davis held 
critical talks with the heads of Pacific Gas & Electric Co. and San Diego Gas 
& Electric Co. The talks are aimed at rescuing the two companies and Southern 
California Edison from financial collapse. 
While Davis had expressed hope last week of working out a deal by today, 
sources said that an agreement still remains elusive. 
Until a compromise can be hammered out, the state is being forced to pay 
upward of $50 million a day from the general fund to buy electricity. 
State leaders expect that the money will eventually be repaid to the general 
fund under a $10 billion bond package. But lawmakers are growing increasingly 
concerned about the short-term impact on the state fiscal plan. 
Assemblywoman Carole Migden, D-San Francisco, said the latest request for 
more money could create ``greater concern and anxiety'' among lawmakers and 
added that the energy crisis was going to make it harder to fund other 
programs, such as support for abused children. 
``It's going to be a bleak year for other budget priorities,'' said Migden, 
who is chairwoman of the powerful Assembly Appropriations Committee. 
Earlier this week, the state's independent financial analyst warned that the 
energy crisis could eat into state money the governor wants to spend on other 
things such as the environment and public safety. 
While lawmakers have so far bitten their tongues about the growing power 
price tag, Migden said the Legislature might be hesitant to allow the costs 
to go any higher. 
``I can't imagine another infusion after this being required,'' Migden said. 
``I think this has to be the last request because we're going to hit 
fundamental core programs Waiting for bailout plan 
California stepped in to buy the energy last month after PG&E and Southern 
California Edison lost the financial wherewithal to do it themselves. At the 
time, state leaders reluctantly agreed to buy the energy for a short period 
of time as part of a larger plan for California to sign long-term contracts 
with power generators. 
But those negotiations have failed to produce much energy so far, and Davis 
said earlier this week that the power producers are hesitant to sign any 
deals until California agrees to a bailout plan for the utilities. On 
Thursday, one power producer -- Williams Cos. -- announced that it had signed 
a 10-year contract with the state to provide up to 1,400 megawatts of power 
to California. 
In a bid to work out the bailout plan, Davis and his advisers met Thursday 
and were to meet again today with top executives from all three electric 
utilities in financial trouble. The Democratic governor wants to buy 26,000 
miles of high voltage transmission lines owned by the three companies in 
exchange for helping the utilities pay off $13 billion in debts. The 
utilities are being asked to protect thousands of acres of wilderness lands 
they own, hang onto power plants that provide the state with its cheapest 
electricity, and drop explosive lawsuits that could allow the companies to 
dramatically raise customer rates. 
But sources said talks have bogged down on the transmission line deal, which 
PG&E has been reluctant to accept. 
Alternative energy helps out 
While talks slogged along in the governor's office, state lawmakers announced 
that another key piece of the puzzle needed to solve the energy crisis was 
falling into place. 
State Sen. Jim Battin, R-Palm Desert, and Assemblyman Fred Keeley, D-Santa 
Cruz, said that alternative energy producers had agreed to dramatically lower 
their prices in a deal that could save California $3 billion to $4 billion. 
Those energy producers, nearly 700 wind, solar and natural gas-fired plants, 
provide about a third of the state's energy.
Lowenthal returns utility money 
By Will Shuck
From our Sacramento Bureau 
SACRAMENTO Assemblyman Alan Lowenthal, D-Long Beach, this week joined a small 
group of legislators who returned campaign contributions to California 
utility companies and other energy firms. 
He sent $5,000 back to Southern California Edison and $500 to Sempra Energy, 
parent company of Southern California Gas. It was a small portion of the more 
than Lowenthal $500,000 Lowenthal had raised in 2000 for his re-election 
campaign. 
He said he returned the money, as did nine other Assembly members, at the 
urging of the consumer advocacy group Global Exchange. 
"We think it's fantastic that he has recognized that in the eyes of the 
public there is a very serious potential conflict of interest," said group 
spokeswoman Medea Benjamin. "We applaud him for wanting to ensure the 
integrity of the legislative process While Benjamin says it's critical that lawmakers not be tainted by energy 
money during the state's power crisis, others wonder where the line should be 
drawn. 
"In the real world of politics it costs money to run for office and you have 
to get that money somewhere," said Paul Schmidt, a political science 
professor at Cal State Long Beach. "To say that you can only make decisions 
on things involving individuals that haven't given you any money would result 
in paralysis of government Benjamin and other consumer advocates say the power crisis calls for special 
consideration. 
"There are not many cases in which they're actually voting whether a company 
will survive with billions of dollars of taxpayer money or go bankrupt, as 
they're doing with the utility companies," Benjamin said. 
Lowenthal agreed. "I thought it was an appropriate request," he said. "These 
are unique circumstances, and I just think it's in the public's best interest 
that I return that money."
(Published Feb. 23, 2001) 
Slowly, but inexorably, control over the generation, acquisition and 
distribution of electric power in California is being shifted from 
professional utility managers and independent regulators into the hands of 
politicians. 
The 1996 utility "deregulation" scheme enacted by the Legislature was an 
initial foray into politicization. Legislation granting the governor more 
control over the makeup of the Public Utilities Commission was another. But 
the current power supply/price crisis has led to even more direct political 
influence over -- or interference with -- electric service. One hastily 
enacted bill, for example, gives the governor direct control of the 
now-misnamed "Independent System Operator," which operates the statewide 
power grid. 
More political intrusion is in the works, from a state takeover of the 
intercity power transmission grid to the creation of a state power authority 
that would buy, generate and sell electricity directly. And while local 
public utilities function well, a state power agency might operate on the 
whims of professional politicians. The Legislature, for example, wants 
appointments to the board that would direct a state power authority, and big 
state power projects would be subject to the same kind of pork-barrel 
mentality that distorts other public works appropriations. Where power plants 
were to be built, or where high-voltage lines would be strung, might well 
depend on who could, and could not, bring political influence to bear, rather 
than what the system needed to work efficiently. 
Clues to the potential pitfalls of a state-operated power system are found in 
the approaches of Capitol politicians to the current crisis. There is, for 
example, the unspoken goal of avoiding big power rate boosts until after the 
November 2002 election -- even if it means running up billions of dollars in 
debts to do it. Would future rates charged by a state power authority be 
raised or lowered to enhance the prospects of the dominant party or an 
incumbent governor? There's no evidence in past performances to indicate they 
wouldn't be. 
And then there's the knotty question of who would get vital power supplies in 
the event of shortages -- a situation that is already looming and could 
become worse in future months. 
Emergency legislation already gives the state the right to sell power as it 
pleases, without competitive bidding or even public notice. There's nothing, 
really, to prevent politically influential power customers such as big 
industrial enterprises from cutting their own supply deals with politically 
directed state officials. 
And whose juice would be cut off if shortages mean blackouts? Approximately 
45 percent of current power customers are effectively exempt from rolling 
blackouts because they are connected to circuits (called "blocks") that also 
include vital services, such as hospitals, fire and police agencies, water 
supply systems and communications centers. The Capitol, not surprisingly, is 
in one of those noninterruptible blocks. 
With the threat of further blackouts looming, legislation is being drafted to 
designate which customers will suffer and which will not -- thus taking that 
authority out of the hands of utilities and regulators. And that, in turn, is 
generating pressure from lobbyists from all sorts of interest groups to place 
their clients on protected lists. Should farmers be cut off, or biotechnology 
facilities, or computer chip plants, or schools? 
When politicians control any process or system, one can be certain that they 
will always make expedient political decisions, regardless of the long-term 
or wider consequences. Thus, we may someday regret allowing the Capitol's 
self-serving politicians to get their hands on our electric power system.
Friday,?February 23, 2001 
,2001 San Francisco Chronicle 
As California officials propose building 32 new "peaker" power plants across 
the state by July, one legislator from plant-rich eastern Contra Costa County 
thinks residents should get a discount on their power bill for having a 
generator in their backyard. 
The proposed bill would provide a little payback for residents of state Sen. 
Tom Torlakson's district, which is home to a half-dozen plants and has three 
more in the construction pipeline. 
Under the bill introduced yesterday by Torlakson, D-Antioch, people living 
within a 20-mile circle around a power plant would receive a 20 percent 
discount on their electricity bill and be exempt from blackouts. 
The legislation was partially inspired by San Jose officials' rejecting a 
proposal to build a 600-megawatt power plant in the Coyote Valley, as well as 
Gov. Gray Davis' plan to build 5,000 megawatts of new generating capacity by 
July 1. 
"It's a question of fairness," Torlakson said. "People in communities who are 
shouldering the burden for having plants in their backyard should get some 
benefit from it Torlakson said consumers who lived in communities without plants could pick 
up the tab for the discounts. "But the utilities would have to figure that 
out within their rate system," he said. 
A PG&E spokesman said yesterday that the company does not comment on pending 
legislation. 
While consumer advocates, environmentalists and power generators were 
lukewarm to the proposal yesterday, many admit that the state has not thought 
about how to -- of even if they have to -- offer communities a little 
incentive to approve a power plant within their borders. However, the state 
has allocated $30 million for plants that get online by July 1. 
"As far as incentives, I'd think most communities would see the value of the 
employment they'd get and the increase to the tax base," said Larry Hamlin, 
the governor's recently appointed project manager for the plant-building 
campaign. 
A spokesman for California's Environmental Protection Agency, which permits 
plants, said the plan might be a "worthwhile idea for making power plants 
more palatable to Californians Michael Shames, head of Utility Consumer Action Network in San Diego said the 
bill was attacking a "not in my back yard" problem that doesn't exist. "Many 
San Diego communities are clamoring for plants in the hope that they would 
bring stability to the market," he said. 
James Peters of Mirent, the Atlanta-based company formerly known as Southern 
Energy, said the plan wouldn't encourage generators to build the number of 
plants needed to solve the energy crisis. 
Already, communities like Pittsburg have cut deals with power generators 
before letting them build. In exchange for letting the Calpine Corp. build 
two large plants in town, Pittsburg received the lifetime option to purchase 
100 megawatts of power at below-market rates. 
Next week, a Pittsburg group is going to begin gathering signatures demanding 
that city leaders use the estimated 26 megawatts it would take to light 
residences and businesses to give local residents a break on bills. The group 
will hold an organizational meeting at 7 p.m. Tuesday at the Los Medanos 
Community Hospital, 2311 Loveridge Rd. in Pittsburg.
Friday,?February 23, 2001 
,2001 San Francisco Chronicle 
Democratic Gov. Gray Davis, politically wounded by the state's power woes, 
has become the target of a growing pack of Republicans looking to turn him 
out of office. 
"Four months ago, Davis looked on track to get re-elected by a voice vote said Dan Schnur, a GOP strategist. "But the energy crisis has exposed 
vulnerabilities that have encouraged others to look at the (2002 governor's) 
race The governor's backers, however, are confident California voters will 
recognize Davis is dealing with a problem that has been brewing for years, 
through previous Republican administrations. 
"If the Republicans want to have a full-out firefight over who brought this 
(energy crisis) down, we're ready for it," said Garry South, the governor's 
top political adviser. "It's a fight they can't win With the primary election still more than a year away, no one but Davis is a 
sure bet to leap into the contest, but at least three names will be 
circulating when California Republicans meet in Sacramento this weekend for 
their state convention. 
Secretary of State Bill Jones, Los Angeles investor Bill Simon Jr. and actor 
Arnold Schwarzenegger all have made noises about challenging Davis, but so 
far their incipient campaigns have been more talk than action. 
Simon's effort might be the farthest along, but he also has the longest way 
to travel. A political unknown, the 49-year-old Simon runs his family's 
investment company and has been active in a number of charitable 
organizations in Southern California. 
Simon, whose father was treasury secretary under President Richard Nixon, has 
brought in veteran GOP consultant Sal Russo to study a possible run for 
governor. 
"Bill Simon feels we need a governor who's prepared to lead and not one who's 
focused on fund-raising or the next political office," Russo said in a jab at 
Davis. 
Simon was an assistant U.S. attorney in New York, but founded William E. 
Simon & Sons with his brother and late father in 1988. The $2 billion private 
investment firm owns a number of companies and has also invested heavily in 
South of Market real estate in San Francisco. 
Wealthy political outsiders don't have an enviable record in recent 
California elections. Republican Michael Huffington spent $29 million to lose 
a 1994 Senate race to Dianne Feinstein. Darrell Issa dropped around $13 
million in a losing race for the 1998 GOP Senate nomination. Al Checchi spent 
about $38 million of his own money to lose the Democratic primary to Davis in 
1998. 
While Simon likely would be spending plenty of his own money on a governor's 
bid, he's working to get outside support, both political and financial, 
before committing to the race, Russo said. 
With the state's problems mounting and the economy increasingly shaky, the 
time may be ripe for a political unknown, he added. 
"When things start going bad, people are willing to look outside for a new 
face, someone who will get things done," Russo said. 
Jones is anything but a political outsider. A veteran legislator from the 
Fresno area, he is now serving his second and last term as California's 
secretary of state. He managed to hang onto his job during the GOP's 1998 
electoral debacle, which cost the party every other constitutional office. 
While Jones has long talked about a run for governor, he's still playing coy. 
"We have not made any decision and probably won't make one until early 
March," said Rob Lapsley, one of Jones' top advisers. "Right now we're 
putting together information for Bill to make a decision While Jones' role as the state's top GOP officeholder makes him an obvious 
choice to challenge Davis, he's made a number of political enemies over the 
years, many of them in his own party. His surprise decision last year to 
switch his support from George W. Bush to Arizona Sen. John McCain in 
California's presidential primary won him no fans among Bush supporters and 
could hurt his attempts to raise money for a gubernatorial bid. 
Money is a major problem for Jones, who listed $118,000 in his campaign fund 
last month, compared with nearly $26 million for Davis. Some of his opponents 
have suggested that fund-raising woes may force Jones to run for an office 
other than governor. 
"Right now, we're focused on the governor's race," Lapsley insisted. 
The real Republican wild card is Schwarzenegger, the movie action hero who 
would be instantly recognized by nearly every California voter. 
While Schwarzenegger's publicist told The Chronicle last month that he had no 
plans to get involved in next year's governor's race, the Austrian-born star 
was on the telephone to a Los Angeles Times columnist days later, talking 
about his love for politics and his political ambitions. 
Fame, however, has its drawbacks, as the 53-year-old Schwarzenegger has 
found. An article in Premiere magazine entitled "Arnold the Barbarian" 
accused him of groping women on movie sets and generally boorish behavior, 
while the supermarket tabloids have him on the cover this week, suggesting 
that his marriage to Maria Shriver is on the rocks. 
South, Davis' political adviser, gleefully sent copies of the Premiere 
article to reporters across the state, suggesting that "the piece lays out a 
real 'touching' story -- if you get what I mean Whoever ends up with the GOP nomination still will face an uphill battle 
against Davis, a popular governor and a "take no prisoners" campaigner. 
"I've been predicting since Day One that the GOP would find some moneybags 
candidate to throw against Gray," South said. "That's why we've kept our 
political and fund-raising operation going since election day."
Energy: Gov. Davis wants accord today, but Edison executive says company 
might prefer bankruptcy. 
By DAN MORAIN and NANCY VOGEL, Times Staff Writers 
?????SACRAMENTO--His credibility at risk and California's energy future on 
the line, Gov. Gray Davis on Thursday turned up the heat on the state's 
utilities to accept today a series of tentative rescue accords that would put 
the companies' transmission systems into public hands.
?????How far the utilities are willing to bend to the governor's intensified 
pressure was unclear late Thursday. Given Davis' mandate, a top executive of 
Southern California Edison said his company is now being forced to seriously 
contemplate whether it might fare better in Bankruptcy Court.
?????"We are weighing two very unpalatable alternatives," he said.
?????Two alternatives facing the utilities are either to sell their 
electrical transmission systems to the state at a price they consider too low 
or gamble in Bankruptcy Court that they could hang onto their valuable assets.
?????After nearly a week of negotiations, Davis administration officials said 
they hoped to announce today a partial deal that would calm the utilities' 
jittery creditors and help subdue California's runaway electricity market.
?????State officials said Thursday they were close to agreements with Edison 
and San Diego Gas & Electric but remained at odds with the state's biggest 
utility, Pacific Gas & Electric, which has balked at giving up its 
transmission grid.
?????"These are complex issues that cannot be resolved overnight," said PG&E 
spokesman Ron Lowe. "There are clearly some areas where we are very far 
apart."
?????On Thursday, Edison Chairman John Bryson conferred with members of his 
utility's board of directors. But by evening, the company's top executives 
still had not decided whether to acknowledge that an agreement is near.
?????Although the utility has begun to contemplate the protections of 
bankruptcy, it is unclear when, or if, such a dramatic action would occur.
?????Davis is believed to be offering roughly $7 billion for the utilities' 
transmission grids. The companies could use the cash to restructure their 
debt, which resulted from the utilities' inability to pass along their 
soaring wholesale electricity costs to ratepayers.
?????Davis has significant political and fiscal reasons for wanting to make 
an announcement today. He is scheduled to arrive in Washington for the 
National Governor's Assn. conference this weekend, meet with U.S. Energy 
Secretary Spencer Abraham on Sunday, and attend the Democratic Governors 
Assn. annual fund-raising dinner Monday night.
?????Davis, a prodigious fund-raiser, is chairman of the Democratic Governors 
Assn., and the dinner is expected to raise more than $5 million. Of that 
amount, Davis' political organization raised in excess of $1 million, said 
Garry South, his chief political advisor.
?????Any progress Davis can cite could help improve his national political 
standing. But his aides say it's especially important to be able to show at 
least a semblance of an agreement when he travels to New York on Wednesday to 
confer with Wall Street analysts.
?????On Thursday, those analysts reacted exuberantly to early hints from the 
governor's office that settlements with the utilities might be announced.
?????The recently anemic stocks of Edison International and PG&E Corp. soared 
on the New York Stock Exchange on a day when most utility stocks closed lower.
?????Edison jumped $1.50 per share, or 11.15%, to close at $14.95 while PG&E 
gained $1.49, or 11.41%, to $14.55 per share.
?????"That suggests that someone thinks something good is happening in 
Sacramento," said analyst James D. von Riesemann of Morgan Stanley Dean 
Witter & Co.
?????But some analysts fear investor enthusiasm might be hasty.
?????"I'm concerned that the governor's optimism may not coincide with all 
the parties at the table and it may not coincide with the Legislature," said 
Paul Patterson, utility analyst at Credit Suisse First Boston Corp.
?????Davis met Thursday with Steve Baum, chairman of Sempra, the parent 
company of SDG&E. Administration officials are confident that an agreement 
can be reached. But the San Diego company is the smallest of the state's 
three major private utilities, and its debt is far smaller--$605 million, 
compared to the combined $12.7 billion that Edison and PG&E say they have 
amassed.
?????"[Baum] is willing to listen," said Sempra spokesman Doug Kline We're on the record as stating that we are willing to consider the sale of 
those [transmission] assets if it helps solve the crisis."
?????PG&E executives had been scheduled to start meeting with Davis at 11 
a.m. Thursday. But in what was seen a slight against PG&E, Davis' aides did 
not summon negotiators for the Northern California utility, including company 
Chairman Robert Glynn, until after 3:30.
?????Although the parties continued to wrangle over details, there was 
progress Thursday on the sidelines. 
?????State officials announced they had signed a long-term contract for a 
relatively small amount of electricity with a major energy supplier--an 
achievement that was perhaps more symbolic than substantive.
?????Tulsa-based Williams Cos. said it had agreed to a 10-year deal to sell 
power to the Department of Water Resources. By April, the company will 
provide at least 175 megawatts--enough electricity to supply 175,000 
homes--at times of the day when demand for electricity soars. Such peak 
supplies will increase through next summer and reach 900 megawatts by 2006, 
according to Williams.
?????The agreement is only the second such long-term contract since Davis 
signed a bill Feb. 1 putting the Department of Water Resources into the 
power-buying business for many years to come.
?????At least 10 other power suppliers have reached understandings with the 
state, Davis said Wednesday. But those companies refuse to sign deals, the 
governor said, until the state finds a way to help California's two biggest 
utilities pay off their billion-dollar debts.
?????"As soon as we revitalize the utilities," the governor said, "I think 
you'll see a lot of movement on long-term contracts."
?????Another small but important piece of the state's energy plan emerged 
Thursday when legislation was introduced by Sen. Jim Battin (R-La Quinta) to 
slash the rates paid to alternative energy producers--a move expected to 
shave $3 billion or more in annual costs charged to the big private 
utilities. Reducing the amount paid to producers of renewable energy such as 
solar, wind and biomass power is considered a crucial step in keeping 
expected consumer rate hikes down.
?????And, after 40 days of dangerously low electricity supplies, the state 
got a reprieve Thursday morning when grid officials lifted the state's 
"electrical emergency" status for the first time since Jan. 13.
?????So far, the state has spent nearly $2 billion buying electricity on 
behalf of the utilities, according to the Department of Finance, which 
informed the Legislature on Thursday that it will release another $500 
million for electricity purchases.
?????Times staff writers Nancy Rivera Brooks, Nancy Cleeland and Mitchell 
Landsberg in Los Angeles and Julie Tamaki and Jenifer Warren in Sacramento 
contributed to this story.
Under a ruling yesterday by state regulators, California taxpayers could be 
on the hook for hundreds of   millions of dollars in power purchases the 
state has made in behalf of two troubled utilities. 
The California Public Utilities Commission voted unanimously to absolve 
Pacific Gas and Electric Co. and Southern California Edison of responsibility 
for any costs above the revenue they collect from ratepayers. 
The ruling reversed a position taken earlier by the commission, which had 
said the utilities were responsible for making up the difference between the 
state's costs and their own revenue. 
John Tremaine, a PG&E spokesman, said the funding needed to make up the 
difference could come in the form of a surcharge imposed on customers who use 
130 percent of the baseline amount of electricity. That is one option under a 
bill passed last month by the Legislature, he said. 
But Steve Maviglio, a spokesman for Gov. Gray Davis, said the governor does 
not believe the money will come from ratepayers' electric bills. The costs, 
Maviglio said, could be covered by the $10 billion bond measure the state 
recently issued to cover power purchases. 
As California tries to resolve its power crisis, state officials are working 
out the precise way that should be done. 
Under the state's deregulation plan approved in 1996, the utilities have been 
forced to absorb skyrocketing wholesale electricity costs while being 
prevented by law from passing the increases on to customers through higher 
rates. 
Since the California Department of Water Resources began buying power last 
month, details showing how it will be repaid, how much or by whom have not 
been established. 
Yesterday's PUC decision was an attempt to begin setting the repayment 
criteria. 
A precise accounting of how much money is at stake is impossible to determine 
at this point, officials said, because PG&E declines to release ratepayer 
revenue figures, and the state is refusing to say exactly how much it has 
spent buying power. Officials estimate the state will spend $2.3 billion by 
the beginning of March and Davis authorized the expenditure of $500 million 
more yesterday. 
The state's Department of Water Resources became the buyer of record on Jan. 
17 when the two utilities' credit was so damaged that they were no longer 
able to buy power. 
Both utilities had opposed the commission's previous position that they be 
responsible for all power costs. 
The PUC's shift yesterday was summed up by Commissioner Richard Bilas, who 
said he could not support holding the utilities responsible for the revenue 
shortfall. "The DWR is not about to go bankrupt; the utilities are," he said. 
Yet consumer advocates downplayed the commission's ruling yesterday. Nettie 
Hoge, executive director of The Utility Reform Network, said the ruling only 
dealt with the narrow issue of who has to account for the revenue shortfall, 
and did not reach an overarching decision about who, ultimately, will be 
financially responsible for it. 
"This is not a huge deal," she said. 
The state has been buying the lion's share of its power in the real-time 
market run by the Independent System Operator since the demise of the longer- 
term California Power Exchange, said Jesus Arredondo, a spokesman for the 
exchange. 
The state has been paying premium prices because it is buying in a market 
that was designed to handle last-minute emergencies. 
The governor's office has been seeking cheaper, long-term power contracts 
with only modest results. 
By Ed Mendel 
STAFF WRITER 
February 23, 2001 
SACRAMENTO -- Legislators said yesterday that small generators who produce 
about 30 percent of the state's power have agreed to cut their power prices 
in half, an important step toward easing the electricity crisis. 
Negotiations continued on what Gov. Gray Davis has called the final step: the 
state purchase of the transmission systems of the three investor-owned 
utilities in exchange for paying off their huge debt. 
Meanwhile, the amount that the state is spending to buy power for the 
customers of the utilities grows. Officials gave notice that an additional 
$500 million will be needed in 10 days, bringing the total to $2.6 billion. 
But for the first time in nearly six weeks the state did not declare an alert 
yesterday due to power shortages. More power was available from other states, 
and some power plants that had been shut down for maintenance resumed 
operation. 
Two legislators, Sen. Jim Battin, R-Palm Desert, and Assemblyman Fred Keeley, 
D-Boulder Creek, said they introduced legislation that sharply reduces the 
prices paid to small generators after weeks of difficult negotiations. 
"Ultimately, this bill will reduce the cost of energy to the state and its 
ratepayers by billions of dollars," said Battin, who represents eastern San 
Diego County. 
About half of the small generators use "renewable" technologies such as 
solar, wind, geothermal and biomass. The rest is "co-generation," when fuel 
is used for industrial purposes and electricity is generated as a by-product. 
The small generators have grown to produce nearly a third of California's 
power under a two-decade-old federal "qualifying facilities" program, which 
requires utilities to buy their power. 
Battin and Keeley said that under the bill, SB 47X, the average price for 
these QF contracts could drop from the current 17 cents per kilowatt-hour to 
about 8 to 8.5 cents per kilowatt-hour. 
"We believe that the rates are at least that low, if not lower," said Jan 
Smutny-Jones, executive director of the Independent Energy Producers, which 
represents small and large generators. 
The small generators support the bill because it will give them a stable 
price for five years, avoiding ups and downs and the possibility that state 
regulators might make a more unfavorable price cut. 
Much of the current price formula is based on the price of natural gas at the 
California border, which has soared this winter. The legislation spreads the 
price bench mark over a five-year period. 
"We encourage the Legislature to take quick action to approve SB 47X as 
quickly as possible to help stabilize the electricity crisis," Smutny-Jones 
said. 
He said one of the side agreements to the legislation is the creation of a 
portfolio of long-term contracts to purchase natural gas for some 
co-generators, lowering their production costs. 
The legislation was applauded as "a major step forward" by a group of small 
generators who formed a creditors committee last week and threatened to take 
the utilities into bankruptcy. 
"We call on the Legislature and the governor to act on it immediately," said 
Chris Thompson, a spokesman for the group. 
Thompson said Southern California Edison continues to collect money from 
ratepayers, as the state buys power for its customers, but is not paying 
anything to the small non-polluting generators. 
A spokesman for a geothermal generator in El Centro, which filed a lawsuit 
seeking $45 million from Edison for power provided since November, welcomed 
the legislation for giving generators stability and ratepayers cheaper power. 
But Vince Signorotti, a spokesman for CalEnergy, said it would be "premature" 
to consider dropping the lawsuit. 
Battin and Keeley said that payment of the small generators depends on the 
governor's attempt to negotiate the purchase of the transmission systems of 
Edison, Pacific Gas and Electric, and San Diego Gas and Electric in exchange 
for payment of their debt. 
As part of the governor's plan, the utilities would agree to provide low-cost 
power for five to 10 years from their generators, which provide about a third 
of the state's power. 
Davis aides are attempting to negotiate long-term contracts with generators 
for the remaining third of the power required by the state, sharply reducing 
the cost of buying power on the expensive spot market. 
But the governor said this week that many generators are reluctant to sign 
long-term contracts until they know how the utilities will pay their debt for 
previous power purchases. 
The state called off all power alerts yesterday for the first time since 
mid-January, rescinding a Stage 1 alert declared Wednesday. Grid operators 
made the change after increased power supplies became available. 
"The supply situation this week has gradually been improving," said Lorie 
O'Donley, a spokeswoman with the California Independent System Operator, 
which manages most of the state's power supplies. 
However, she said the improvements shouldn't deter consumers from 
conservation. 
"It is good news to be out of electrical emergencies but we just want to 
remind everybody that we are looking at a long-term power supply situation 
here," she said. "And the high-demand summer is just around the corner. So we 
would ask that people continue with their conservation efforts In San Francisco yesterday, state power regulators decided unanimously that 
the Department of Water Resources is responsible for buying any power that 
cash-strapped utilities are unable to generate or buy on their own -- no 
matter what price wholesalers are charging. 
But the PUC voted 3-2 against taking action that would have allowed the DWR 
to receive a portion of ratepayer revenues from the utilities to help cover 
the cost of buying electricity. 
The state, through the DWR, was authorized by a recent law to buy power for 
the utilities. Edison and PG&E have such low credit ratings that no power 
companies will sell to them. SDG&E's rating is much better, but its debt also 
was mounting. 
The DWR purchases that portion of electricity beyond what the utilities 
provide through their own generating plants and through existing long-term 
contracts. But the DWR has refused to buy power beyond a certain price. That 
means more last-minute power purchases on the expensive spot market. 
The utilities and the state had disagreed over how the DWR will be reimbursed 
-- whether through state bonds or ratepayer dollars -- and the extent of its 
power-buying role. 
The author of the bill authorizing the long-term contracts, Assemblyman 
Keeley, said the legislation's intent was to fully cover the one-third of the 
power that utilities purchased on the spot market, either through extended 
contracts or through the state ISO.
Staff writer Karen Kucher and The Associated Press contributed to this 
report. 
These are the preliminary materials I put together over the past few months 
on Texas water issues.  Greg Characklis is most knowledgeable about both the 
issues and the politics, so he can provide briefing/guidance for both my 
replacement and Kathleen Magruder's replacement.
Carolyn Green
07/31/00 11:31 AM
Here's what I have.
help is on the way.  We are going to establish some senior executive 
oversight as well as an executive director (probably someone who came through 
the program).  Charlene is going to be moving into a commercial role (which 
was the original plan when she was brought into the organization).  I'd be 
happy to talk to you in more detail when I get back to Houston.
Jeffrey A Shankman@ECT
02/26/2001 10:21 AM
Hi guys 
I wanted to let you know that I am extremely concerned about the 
Associate/Analyst program, so much so that I feel all the work I have done, 
and all the time I have spent on the program has had little impact outside 
Wharton/Penn recruiting.  In fact we won't get more than 1 associate from 
Wharton this year for a variety of internal and external reasons.  This 
program has brought incredible talent into the organization, but we have lost 
a lot of momentum over the last two years.
In as much as I would like to continue to support the program, I can't  in 
its current form, and don't have time to fix what I thought we had been 
addressing.  The entire program is disfunctional, and the commercial teams 
are not lending support to the program.  I'd be very happy to spend a few 
minutes of your time (rather than blather on in an email) to give you both my 
overview of the program, and suggest changes and improvements 
You know you have my support, but the current state of affairs down there has 
gotten me to my rope's end with the program.
Alan Comnes@ECT
02/26/2001 12:08 PM
The print version had some good tables showing retail rate increases accross 
the west 
Back to story
Most of West in the Same Power Jam as California
Utilities: Other states ran their grids at fever pitches as populations 
swelled and few new energy sources were developed. Now, also facing 
blackouts, they want to tilt balance of power away from the Golden State and 
toward themselves.
By PETER G. GOSSELIN, Times Staff Writer
WINTERSBURG, Ariz.--For more than a century, California ran a simple 
account with the rest of the West: It demanded and the West supplied, most 
especially water and power.
But as the Western states have ballooned in the last decade--in no small 
part because of an outbound trek of Californians--this simple, supply-demand 
relationship has broken down.
Fundamentally, the rest of the West has outgrown its electrical system 
just as California has its own. And it has done so in very much the same 
way--by adding too many people without enough new power or conservation.
Indeed, statistics show that much of the rest of the West would have 
been on the verge of trouble even without California's help and may yet face 
the sort of rolling blackouts that have wreaked so much havoc in the Golden 
State.
The booming Southwest has run its power grid at such a fever pitch that 
its planning reserves--the extra power that utilities build in to handle 
emergencies--have shrunk to levels that many regulators and industry experts 
consider dangerous.
Almost none of the West save Montana has increased its power production 
at anything like the pace of its population growth during the last decade. 
Despite the long economic boom of the 1990s, which smiled especially on the 
West, several, such as Arizona, have failed to complete a single new power 
plant.
"We don't know how bad it's going to be yet," said Utah's Republican 
governor, Mike Leavitt. "We won't know that until May, June, July and August, 
when everyone in the Southwest turns on their swamp coolers."
In trying to dodge the blackout bullet, many Western leaders are seeking 
to force a great change on the region: to renegotiate their states' basic 
deal with California. They want to end an old relationship--that between 
center and hinterland, colonizer and colonized--and establish a new one that 
could curtail California's long regional dominance.
In the strange chemistry of the moment--when a once-Republican state 
government has turned Democratic and a once-Democratic national government 
has turned Republican, when the battle is to a large extent over privately 
owned electricity rather than publicly controlled water--they could actually 
meet with some success.
"California spent the 20th century decolonizing itself from Wall Street 
and the East," said Kevin Starr, the state librarian and author of a 
multivolume history of California. "Now, all of a sudden, there's a dramatic 
possibility of it being recolonized, at least in part, by the rest of the 
West."
Captive Plants Feed Power to California
Ground zero for these changes lies 50 miles west of Phoenix in the dry 
scrublands of Wintersburg. This is home to the Palo Verde nuclear facility, 
now the nation's single biggest power producer. It will soon be home as well 
to between three and six new gas-fired power plants that, combined, will 
produce even more electricity than their giant neighbor.
Palo Verde represents a great deal about the old, fraying world of 
regulated utilities and about the supply-demand relationships that California 
once maintained with the rest of the West.
More than one-quarter of the plant is owned by Los Angeles' municipal 
utility, the Department of Water and Power, several other California cities 
and Southern California Edison.
A row of steel latticework towers runs off toward California, carrying a 
transmission line from plant to consumer. California has big stakes in a 
half-dozen similarly captive plants in an arc of states from Nevada to New 
Mexico.
From California's point of view, the beauty of these projects has been 
that they provided near-certain power without the muss of meeting state 
pollution standards or the political hassle of building closer to home.
And at least until the mid-1990s, California regulators virtually 
guaranteed that their owners covered their costs and made profits, even if 
plants' power wasn't immediately needed.
"The first principle of the old system was that you had to be able to 
meet demand, no matter what," said Paul L. Joskow, a veteran utility 
economist at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.
"If you had too much power, if it cost you a little too much, that was 
less important than being sure you could meet demand." And, he added, "you 
had regulators watching to make sure you did."
The gas-fired plants that are about to pop up in Wintersburg are also 
representative, but of the new, deregulated world of power production. 
Although they will crowd in around Palo Verde and tap into the same 
California transmission line, they are being built on an entirely different 
business premise: selling power to the highest bidder.
In fact, the reason this empty patch of desert has become such an 
electricity hot spot lately is not Palo Verde itself, but its huge 
transmission lines. In addition to the California line, four others fan out 
from the plant: two back to Phoenix, one east to New Mexico, and one north to 
Utah and from there to the Northwest.
All were built to hard-wire the nuclear project to its owners. But they 
are now seen as the means by which a new breed of producer can get top dollar 
by sending power wherever prices are highest.
"It used to be generating capacity was built by people who looked at the 
market to see if they could meet demand," said Jack Davis, president of 
Pinnacle West Capital Corp., which owns Arizona's major utility and is 
putting up two of the Wintersburg plants.
"Now," he said approvingly, "it's being built by people who look at the 
market to see if you can make a lot of money."
Plans Go Awry in Many States
Money, not the watchful eye of government, was what was supposed to 
assure that electricity deregulation worked. The opportunity to make it would 
cause investors to flock to the electricity business, ensuring that plenty of 
new power plants got built.
If too many went up, it would be investors, not ratepayers, who 
suffered. If too few, then high prices would attract still more investors, 
more plants and, ultimately, more power.
But to date, almost nothing about deregulation has gone as planned--and 
not just in California, but in the West in general.
Take Arizona. The state has a hands-off attitude toward business, 
including its utilities. It has almost none of the environmental restrictions 
blamed for keeping California from putting up the new plants it needs.
Its population grew by 40% from 1990 to 2000, according to the Census 
Bureau. And its demand for electricity expanded at nearly twice that rate, 
according to industry figures.
"Arizona should have been a power producer's heaven," said A. Michael 
Schaal, a senior analyst with Energy Ventures Analysis Inc., a prominent 
Washington-area consulting firm.
But Arizona's power production rose a mere 4% during the 1990s, mostly 
as a result of improving existing plants. Until 18 months ago, no one had 
applied to build a major power plant since Palo Verde in the late 1980s.
"I guess I go on the assumption that the utilities plan with some sort 
of 10-, 20-, 30-year time horizon," Arizona's Republican Gov. Jane Dee Hull 
said in a recent interview. "I think what we all worry about is: Are they 
planning?"
Or Nevada. Its utilities apparently did plan and increased 
electricity-making capacity between 1990 and 2000 by a substantial 44%. But 
that wasn't enough to keep up with the state's population, which increased 
66%. On Thursday, Nevada Gov. Kenny Guinn, a Republican and former energy 
company executive, indefinitely halted deregulation in his state.
Or traditionally energy-rich Washington state. One of its major 
utilities, Seattle City Light, recently learned that all of its previously 
planned supply increase for the next four years will be consumed, and then 
some, by just three new customers: computer server farms being built to 
handle the growing Internet traffic in and out of the high-tech capital.
But it's unlikely to be able to get extra power soon because regional 
supplies are balanced on a "razor's edge," according to Northwest Power Pool 
President Jerry Rust. "We have no cushion."
Indeed, the electricity supplies of the entire West are balanced on a 
razor's edge, with a variety of forecasters predicting serious shortages this 
summer.
Schaal, the Washington-area consultant, for example, said the region 
will come up 6% short. "Westerners can expect 150 to 275 hours of rolling 
blackouts, most of them in California," he said.
One of the most striking aspects of the current situation is that, in 
contrast to what most people think, supplies have not grown short just 
recently.
They have been perilously tight for the last several years--before the 
start of California's troubles of this summer and fall, and before the 
near-record dry winter that has left the Northwest dangerously short of water 
for its hydroelectric dams.
The implication is that California did not cause other states to run 
short of power so much as trigger events that exposed their danger. It did 
that, according to key observers, with one monumentally inept maneuver.
When California required its major utilities to buy power in the 
volatile spot market and simultaneously prohibited them from passing along 
higher costs to consumers, it set off a furious price spiral.
That effectively stripped the entire region of its energy security 
blanket, the assurance that it could buy extra power relatively inexpensively 
if local supplies proved inadequate.
The result has been a string of crises across the West.
In southern Arizona, for example, the San Carlos Irrigation Project, a 
tiny public utility that tried to jump into the deregulation vanguard by 
dropping long-term contracts in hopes of more power at lower prices in the 
spot market, has announced that its bills are going up 300%. Most of the 
project's 13,300 poor customers say they can't pay.
In Phoenix, utility executives who had confidently said the state was 
rich with new power projects about to come on line have decided to pull two 
50-year-old steam plants out of mothballs and rent a pair of portable 
generators to reduce purchases from the expensive spot market.
In Idaho, the big power company is appealing to potato farmers to skip 
planting and sell the electricity they would use running irrigation pumps 
back to the firm. Company executives figure the buyback will be cheaper than 
purchasing power on the open market--and the potato farmers are likely to do 
pretty well themselves.
Deep Hostility in Rest of the West
The subtle difference between California's triggering recent events and 
actually causing the region's crisis is largely lost in the current 
atmosphere of apprehension and upheaval. Although leaders of the rest of the 
West are scrupulously evenhanded in commenting to outsiders about their big 
neighbor, they are less guarded at home.
The normally mild-mannered Leavitt, for example, was recently quoted as 
warning a Salt Lake City audience that "California, if given the chance, 
would put a shunt into our veins and bleed us pretty quickly." (In an 
interview, he denied having made the remark.)
Such comments reflect an old and easily rekindled view among Westerners 
that their states are, in the words of historian Bernard DeVoto, "plundered 
provinces"--terrain that first Easterners and then Californians have 
regularly raided for minerals, water and, most recently, power.
But this time, some Western leaders think they can change all this. "A 
lot of people see an opportunity to rewrite the fundamental relationship with 
California to their advantage," said Stanford historian Richard White.
The attempts at rewriting are taking shape across the West.
In the Northwest, Oregon, Washington, Idaho and Montana are redoubling 
their efforts to take over the Bonneville Power Administration, the huge, 
federally controlled generating system on the Columbia and Snake rivers that 
is one of California's chief sources of summer electricity. 
"The crisis has highlighted the danger that power generated in the 
region can be exported without the region's consent," Oregon Gov. John 
Kitzhaber said in an interview.
In Arizona, state officials have gone from having no proposals for new 
power plants to being buried by them. Regulators recently approved the 
construction of 10 plants, including several around Palo Verde, and are 
considering another eight.
Although they are requiring the plants to temporarily serve Arizona's 
needs first, the facilities will soon be able to sell their power for 
whatever prices they can command, an arrangement that could leave California 
just one among many bidders.
(Federal officials are unlikely to get in the way: Gov. Hull is close to 
President Bush, who in turn has shown little interest in helping Democratic 
California.)
Perhaps the most aggressive efforts at change are occurring in Utah, 
where Leavitt is trying something that could become California's worst 
nightmare--recalling power that Utah produces for the state.
Los Angeles' DWP and several other California utilities own 
three-quarters of the huge, coal-fired Intermountain Power Project in 
west-central Utah, and have been drawing on it without incident for 15 years.
But Utah officials recently unearthed a long-forgotten provision in 
their agreement with the plant's owners that gives them the right, with 
proper notice, to recall power for local use.
The state has already notified Los Angeles that it is taking back 50 
megawatts of electricity capacity this summer and another 170 next summer, 
and it may be able to take back still more, according to plant general 
manager Reed Searle.
Although the amounts are trivial--the Los Angeles utility either owns or 
has firm contracts for more than 7,000 megawatts of capacity--Leavitt said 
Utah will demand similar recall provisions in agreements for any new plants 
in the state, including a 500- to 750-megawatt facility that Los Angeles is 
negotiating to build.
"California has chosen not to create its own power generation and has 
depended on us to do that," the Utah governor said. "That's fine and we're 
willing to do that.
"But," he added, "there comes a point at which, if demand grows too 
large, we've got to hold some of this capacity back for ourselves, and for 
our children and grandchildren."
If Utah and the rest of the West have reached that point, California 
could be in for a much bigger and more enduring shock than the one from which 
it now suffers.
Times researcher Lynn Marshall in Seattle contributed to this report.
Vicky Pryce  	02/26/2001 01:03 PM
Dear Steven
I know Michael Zilkha has written to you already but I wanted to thank you
too for the time you spent with us last Friday and the very valuable
insights you gave us. I hope that I have given you most of the information
you need to understand our concept and to be able to discuss it with your
colleagues. We agreed that on my return to the UK I would set out how Enron
might be involved at this stage and be one of the first US firms to pioneer
the idea and become a GoodCorporation network member able to display the
GoodCorporation trademark and start conversing with other members. Those
members could be private companies, public sector entities or government
departments, trade associations, NGOs etc.
As we discussed the GoodCorporation Charter and processes are near
completion . We are in the process of starting our pilot verifications which
will be done by PwC, KPMG, Ernst & Young, Intertek, SGS and Bureau
Veritas.We are also setting up an Accreditation Body ( which is being
modelled on the Forestry Stewardship Council)  to oversee the annual
verification process. 
The pilot programme provides companies with an excellent opportunity to have
a low risk way of trying out the process and seeing if it works in their
organisation. They can submit the whole or a small part of the organisation.
Pilot companies pay for the verifiers' time only and the verifiers are
giving their time at cost ($750/ day.) The pilot itself will take the form
of a preliminary scoping meeting in which the verifier will take the company
through the evidence (policies and procedures) that need to be in place in
order to pass the GoodCorporation charter. The meeting will decide who needs
to be interviewed, in which locations and therefore the number of days
involved. As the emphasis is on verifying policies and the way they are
implemented in the workplace rather than a full scale audit of impact, the
number of days involved should be relatively limited.  During the actual
verification, the verifier will check for the evidence by reviewing
documentation provided by the company, in addition to a series of meetings
with the relevant people, such as the HR Director, Environmental Manager,
Finance Directors and customer-facing staff. Assuming it is successful, the
piloted part of the company can then become a member of the network if they
so choose. 
It would be great to have Enron involved in this early piloting. Given your
current policies and ethics I wouild be surprised if the charter posed any
real problem for you . It could also be a useful supply chain tool for you
to encourage your suppliers not only to say they behave in the manner you
wish them to behave but also demonstrate this behaviour to you and the
outside world in a transparent fashion. Please get back to me if you require
any further clarification and of course I and my colleagues would be
delighted to meet whoever else you need to get involved before a decision is
made.
Again, many   and I was delighted that you were
enthusiastic about our concept.
With very  
Vicky Pryce
Chairman, GoodCorporation
yes
Richard Shapiro
02/26/2001 01:34 PM
Do we still want this?
George Strong  February 26, 2001
I note that the HAWC and the Northeast Water Plant is on the Infrastructure 
Committee's agenda tomorrow at Houston City Council.
I am concerned about the proposed Azurix project with the Houston Area 
Water Corporation and the City of Houston. Two weeks ago I met with the 
Mayor and City Attorney on the Mayor's political business and they told me 
of their concern about the future of Azurix.  They wanted some assurance 
from Ken or Jeff that Azurix would be around as a part of Enron if it were 
awarded the Northeast Water Plant Project.  I believe they had some 
communications with Azurix officials but they really wanted to hear from 
someone at Enron.
I sent the word back to Enron through Joe, that someone high up should 
contract the Mayor and the City Attorney to give them whatever assurance 
they could concerning their concerns. I believe Joe discussed this with Steve.
Last Wednesday night I saw the Mayor and asked him if his request through 
me had any results.  Had he heard from Enron?  He said no, and that he 
needed to have some better feeling about the future of Azurix.
I assume we are working hard to get this project but based on my 
conversation I would think we need to give some communication to the Mayor 
from someone high up in the Enron organization.
George
Jeff Dasovich
Sent by: Jeff Dasovich
02/26/2001 02:41 PM
ON THE GRID OR OFF THE GRID
Bigger Is Better
An interstate electricity highway could leverage economies of scale to keep 
the lights on Burton A. Weisbrod, Glen E. Weisbrod
Sunday,?February 25, 2001 
,2001 San Francisco Chronicle 
URL: 
C177059.DTL 
WE COULD HAVE left it to the states. When the Interstate Highway System was 
proposed nearly 50 years ago, we could have said, "Leave it to each state to 
decide on its roads and to pay for them, or leave it to private enterprise to 
build toll roads wherever it is profitable." Fortunately, we didn't. 
Today, vehicles can travel throughout the country on a system of integrated 
high-capacity roads that crisscross the nation. There are many differences 
between the flow of cars or trucks and the flow of electricity. But just as 
the Interstate Highway System ushered in a new era of easier movement of 
people and goods across the states, allowing enormous economic and social 
gains, so, too, do we now need to overcome the obstacles to the easy flow of 
power across state lines. 
Many forces are at work contributing to California's electricity crises, and 
power shortages in other parts of the country also are quite possible. The 
growth of population and industry in California has expanded demand for 
electricity. Legislative constraints, reflecting environmental protection and 
other concerns, have discouraged construction of electricity-generating 
plants. 
Periodic shutdowns of generation plants for maintenance have caused short- 
term power shortages. And, in an oddity of California law, the prices that 
power producers can charge distributors are deregulated, while the prices 
that those distributors can charge consumers are regulated and restricted. 
But largely missing from the debate of what can be done to balance supply and 
demand is discussion of an effective national power grid that would permit 
substantial amounts of electricity to flow, as highway traffic does, from one 
state to another. 
Interstate transmission connections do exist now, but are limited in 
capacity. They were primarily designed to meet temporary needs associated 
with local power emergencies, not for sustained use. If those interstate 
lines were upgraded to greater capacity, then we could move toward actually 
creating a national power grid. 
An effective national power grid could result in far more competition among 
producers of electric power across the nation, and far more options to meet 
demand in any local area. No state or region would need to depend simply on a 
small number of generating producers within its borders, and the increased 
number of interstate competitors would bring greater assurance of supply and 
lower prices. 
The underlying problem is basically one of incentives. With the maze of 
state, and federal regulations on the production, distribution and pricing of 
electricity, there is great risk and little incentive for private 
construction of costly transmission lines that cross multiple state borders. 
Imagine a power plant in state A, but near state B, with that plant 
occasionally having excess production capacity. There is no market for the 
power in state B, but there is demand for it in state C, which is adjacent to 
it. In a smoothly functioning, efficient, power transmission system, power 
would move from the generating plant in state A, across the border for use in 
state B, thereby permitting deals so that power produced in that area could 
be sent to state C. Through such a domino-like process, power available in 
one region effectively can help alleviate a shortage in another area - with 
only a series of relatively short-distance transmissions. 
Development of such an integrated electricity transmission network is what 
the federal government can and should foster. It would strengthen the nation; 
it would expand options for users; it would increase competition among 
suppliers, to the benefit of consumers; it would overcome the multiplicity of 
state regulations that have the effect of restricting incentives for 
profitable interstate power transmission. 
The Interstate Highway System did not solve all the problems of the nation's 
escalating population of cars, and it was not cheap. But, designed to 
maximize interconnections between metropolitan areas, with ample systemwide 
capacity to spare, it did transform the country, binding the 48 contiguous 
states into an integrated whole. 
The effect: reduced costs and increased "exports" of California fruits and 
vegetables to the Midwest, and reduced costs, along with increased exports of 
Midwest manufactured products to the West. 
Just as it does not make sense for every state to act like a separate 
country, building roads just for its own residents, or growing all of its own 
food supply, it is equally inefficient for each state to independently 
develop its own power supply. It is foolish to find electricity producers in 
one state claiming that they should not "help out" consumers in another 
state. 
A nationwide system would take better advantage of differential electricity 
demand in various parts of the country, seasonally and even in the course of 
a day. 
To consumers and industrial users in California, the effects of a national 
electricity transmission grid would be real and enduring, but not 
spectacular. It would, however, go far to achieving the quiet result that 
every consumer seeks - lower prices, more reliable electric power supplies. 
There is no single solution to California's energy crisis, but developing a 
national interstate electricity highway system would go far toward addressing 
it. Local power distribution within a state would remain a matter of state 
control. The federal government's role would be largely to provide financial 
incentives for constructing additional interstate transmission capacity, and 
to establish standards for its design and utilization - just as is the case 
with the Interstate Highway System. 
A survey of history and government professors conducted by the Brookings 
Institution last year identified the Interstate Highway System as one of the 
Top Seven governmental achievements of the last 50 years - along with 
rebuilding Europe after World War II and expanding the right to vote. An 
interstate electricity highway system could well be among the top 
achievements of government in the next half-century. 
MACRO POWER TRANSMISSION
WE HAVE AN ELECTRIC power crisis in California. In fact, we have two 
problems: a short-term problem and a long-term problem. 
Short term, the problem, from the consumer perspective, is: 
-- Soaring electricity bills. 
-- Fear of paying the mounting debts being incurred by electricity 
distributors such as Pacific Gas and Electric Co. either in rate increases or 
higher taxes. 
-- The threat, and to some users the reality, of no lights, no refrigeration, 
no heat. 
These concerns are real and severe. But they are merely symptoms of a serious 
long-term crisis: Incentives to the power industry are wrong! 
As Adam Smith reminded us over two centuries ago, we do not look to the good 
intentions of sellers to get them to serve the public interest; we look to 
their self interest. Then, as today, wise public policy calls for aligning 
the two, by providing incentives for the development of an electricity system 
that provides power that is dependable, is produced efficiently and is 
distributed competitively, so that prices are low. 
This long-term problem will not be solved by the series of Band-Aids that 
governmental officials and power producers and distributors are skirmishing 
over. Now is the time to develop a long-term plan. 
Two elements of a long-term plan for efficient and reliable electricity are 
clear: 
-- Electricity self-sufficiency for each state is bad policy. It is easy to 
think that dependency on power imports from other states is a root problem. 
It is not. Trade and competition mean access to more producers, and that can 
bring efficiency in electricity no less than in food, electronics or autos, 
as low-cost sources are utilized. (Promoting more interstate options does not 
preclude building more local generation, and small, "micro" electricity 
generating units do have a role as part of an overall electricity policy. 
However, the advantage of their flexibility must be balanced against their 
generally higher cost for meeting predictable long-term demand -- Incentives are needed to encourage investment in electricity transmission. 
It does no good to have low-cost power production unless the power can reach 
users. This is why the federal government has such an important role to play 
in financially encouraging and supporting a national interstate power highway 
system. 
--Burton A. Weisbrod and Glen E. Weisbrod 
Burton Weisbrod is John Evans Professor of Economics and Fellow, Institute 
for Policy Research, Northwestern University, and a former senior staff 
economist on the Council of Economic Advisers to Presidents Kennedy and 
Johnson. Glen Weisbrod, his son, is president of Economic Development 
Research Group Inc. in Boston. 
Burton Weisbrod is John Evans Professor of Economics and Fellow, Institute 
for Policy Research, Northwestern University, and a former senior staff 
economist on the Council of Economic Advisers to Presidents Kennedy and 
Johnson. Glen Weisbrod, his son, is 
,2001 San Francisco Chronicle ? Page?WB1 
Governor Calls for 10% Cut In Usage
On national TV, Davis increases goal on energy 
Tanya Schevitz, Chronicle Staff Writer
Monday,?February 26, 2001 
,2001 San Francisco Chronicle 
URL: 
N44189.DTL 
Signaling a greater urgency in California's power crisis, Gov. Gray Davis 
said yesterday that keeping the lights and air conditioners running this 
summer will require every Californian to reduce electricity usage by about 10 
percent. 
In addition, he said, the state must get more electrical power online by 
then. 
His call for a 10 percent cut is a significant jump from the 7 percent he was 
asking for during his State of the State speech last month, and it may be a 
difficult stretch for consumers. Davis made his remarks on NBC's news show 
"Meet the Press State Sen. Don Perata, D-Oakland, praised the governor's statement on 
national television. 
"The most important thing right now is that the governor said that, because 
there has been general skepticism statewide, reflected both in anecdotes and 
public opinion polls, that we are in fact facing a crisis," Perata said. "If 
you don't believe, you won't conform, you won't respond But, he said, Davis will not get the conservation he wants unless consumers 
are given financial incentives. Perata said he will propose legislation today 
to give $1 billion to customers who cut down on their electricity use during 
the summer months. 
Severin Borenstein, director of the Energy Institute at the University of 
California at Berkeley, said if temperatures soar this summer, it will take a 
"huge effort" to keep the state at safe electricity levels. 
NEED FOR CONSERVATION
"We are in big trouble," Borenstein said. "That doesn't mean we can't avoid 
blackouts -- that means we will have to take serious measures The needed steps include instituting variable prices for commercial and 
industrial users that reflect the supply and demand at any given hour and 
hooking up air conditioners to cycling systems, he said. For residential 
users, 
he said, it will mean increases for use above a certain level. 
Forecasters predict a shortfall of at least 5,000 megawatts this summer, but 
the state got some good news Thursday when the California Independent System 
Operator, which coordinates the flow of electricity through the state's power 
grid, removed all power alerts for the first time in more than a month. 
Lorie O'Donley, a spokeswoman for the California ISO, said that she does not 
expect any changes today but that it is too early to make any predictions 
about the summer power situation. 
"We still need to check the snowpack and the hills and the hydro situation in 
the state," O'Donley said. "Conservation is a big part of it, and whatever 
people can do to step up their conservation efforts will be a huge factor in 
avoiding blackouts GOVERNOR DODGES BLAME
Davis appeared on "Meet the Press" while visiting Washington, D.C., for a 
meeting of the National Governors Association and a concurrent meeting of the 
Democratic Governors Association, which he chairs. With him on the program 
were Sen. John Kerry, D-Mass., Sen. Pete Domenici, R-N.M., and Republican 
Gov. Mike Huckabee of Arkansas. 
Davis took the opportunity of the high-profile television show to tell East 
Coast decisionmakers and Wall Street analysts that the blame for the state's 
energy crisis does not lie with him and to reassure them that he is taking 
solid steps to resolve the problem. 
"Both President Bush and I inherited California, a flawed deregulation 
system," he said during the broadcast. "Secondly, no major plant has been 
built in California prior to my governorship for 12 years He outlined some solutions, including the approval of nine new power plants, 
with six under construction and three expected to be online this summer, and 
14 more in the pipeline. 
In a slip of the tongue, Davis said on yesterday morning's broadcast that 
consumers would need to cut electricity use to only 10 percent of last year. 
"It will require every Californian using about 10 percent of the electricity 
than they did the year before and a little luck in getting some extra 
megawatts on line this summer," Davis said. 
What he meant, a spokesman said, was they had to cut use by 10 percent. 
Still, that will require significant sacrifice. 
In addition, Davis has said that he wants to add 5,000 megawatts of power enough for 5 million homes -- by summer. He has promised to speed up the 
approval process and provide bonuses to builders who finish before July. 
The state also established an $800 million conservation program this year. 
But Borenstein said that many of the ideas floating around for spending the 
conservation money are for efforts that would not help for about another 
three years. 
ON NATIONAL MATTERS
During yesterday's show, Davis also weighed in on President Bush's tax-cut 
proposal and former President Bill Clinton's controversial last-minute 
pardons. 
The administration should wait for a tax cut until the money is available, he 
said. 
"All of us who have been in government for a while have seen the roller- 
coaster ride of surpluses and then shortages and surpluses and shortages," he 
said. "Clearly, people need tax relief, but it should be moderated to the 
point where we don't kill the golden goose, which is a strong, growing 
economy Although he received a significant campaign donation from the father of 
Carlos Vignali, the Los Angeles drug kingpin, Davis told show host Tim 
Russert that he never spoke with the family about the presidential pardon 
Vignali received on Clinton's last day in office. 
Davis said he did not have enough information to know whether the pardon was 
a mistake, but, he said, "there's something about them in general that 
doesn't ring right "However," he said, "people expect us to focus on things that matter to them, 
and they really want to see progress on education, the environment, tax 
relief, health care Asked by Russert whether he is going to run for president in 2004, Davis did 
not rule it out but said that only re-election to the governorship in 2002 is 
on his horizon. 
"I'm focused on keeping the lights on and making our schools better," he 
said. 
E-mail Tanya Schevitz at tschevitz@sfchronicle.com. 
,2001 San Francisco Chronicle ? Page?A1 
Brian Redmond@ECT
02/26/2001 02:57 PM
Please find the attached status update for the HPL transaction.  If you have 
any questions please contact me.
Thanks,
Brian
Miyung Buster@_DEVELOPMENT
02/26/2001 03:56 PM
Please see the following articles:
POWER POINTS:Calif Gov Fiddles As Summer Likely To Burn 
By Mark Golden 
02/23/2001
Dow Jones Energy Service
Most of West in the Same Power Jam as California
LA Times, 2/26/01
Plant Construction Stalled Over State's Effort to Revise Contracts 
LA Times, 2/26/01
Electricity Crisis Dims Firms' Opinion of State 
LA Times, 2/24/01
NEWS ANALYSIS 
Once Accused of Inactivity, Davis Now Takes Lead Role 
LA Times, 02/24/01
California has appetite for electricity, but is no power glutton
SF Chron, 2/26/01
U.S. West spot power lower as plants return to service 
Reuters, 02/26/01
Calif Pwr Plan May Face Stumbling Blocks In Legislature
Dow Jones Energy Service, 2/26/01
POWER POINTS:Calif Gov Fiddles As Summer Likely To Burn 
By Mark Golden 
?
02/23/2001 
Dow Jones Energy Service 
?
A Dow Jones Newswires Column 
NEW YORK -(Dow Jones)- Once there was a bride whose pianist became ill the
night before a beachfront wedding. As she frantically tried to find a new
pianist, the radio blared an alert: A 40-foot tidal wave was headed straight
for the beach.
?
"I just will not let this pianist ruin my wedding," muttered the bride as she 
turned the radio off. 
California Gov. Gray Davis and the state Legislature have no better sense of 
priorities than the bride did. They've been obsessing over the financial 
solvency of the state's utilities for three months, instead of making 
progress on the bigger problem: the huge shortage of electricity expected to 
hit the state this summer. California's multibillion dollar purchase of the 
utilities' transmission lines won't add one megawatt to the supply of 
electricity. 
How big is the imbalance between supply and expected summer demand? The 
California Energy Commission forecast two weeks ago that the 60,000-megawatt 
system might just squeak by with 87 MW to spare in a bad heat wave. But 
nobody takes that forecast seriously. 
The CEC's numbers are way off base. California's electricity demand could 
exceed supply by 5%, or 2,000 MW, on days with typical summer weather. That 
2,000 MW shortfall will be made up by turning out the lights in 2 million 
homes, or a mix of homes, businesses and industry. A bad heat wave would get 
shortages several times that size. As the blackouts roll through parts of the 
state every weekday that temperatures are at or above normal, every business 
and home will take its turn at getting by without electricity for an hour or 
so. What factory can operate under such conditions? Will the state's elderly 
survive the heat exposure? 
The CEC put the capacity of generators in the state at about 54,000, but it 
used original capacity figures. Most of California's big power plants are 
more than 30 years old. They can't produce as much power as they once did, so 
subtract about 7,000 MW from their rated capacity. 
About 15,000 MW of the state's capacity is now controlled by merchant energy 
companies Calpine (CPN), Duke Energy (DUK), Dynegy (DYN), Mirant (MIR Reliant Energy (REI) and Williams Cos. (WMB). They say they already have sold 
much of the power they will generate this summer to out-of-state western 
utilities. But the CEC ignored that. 
Hydroelectric generation in the western states is expected to be just 60% of 
normal this spring and summer. Western utilities have been buying up supplies 
since last fall. California's PG&E (PCG) and Edison International (EIX) 
couldn't do that, of course, because they're nearly bankrupt. 
Nobody knows exactly how much power has already been sold out of state. A 
trader at one California merchant power company estimated 5,000 MW. In a 
recent auction of transmission line use, capacity to move electricity out of 
California sold for up to 15 times the price of transmission capacity to move 
power into the state. 
The CEC ignored the sales of California power to out-of-state generators in 
its rosy summer outlook and ignored the forecast for below-normal hydropower, 
which depends on winter snowfall. The snowfall season is three-fourths over 
now, making a hydropower shortage pretty much a done deal. Yet the CEC used 
normal northwest hydropower production in its forecast. Take off another 
2,000 MW. 
The commission expects 3,000 MW of generators to be off line for unplanned 
repairs when the heat wave hits. That's California's historic average. But 
outages usually increase dramatically during a heat wave. Take off another 
2,000 MW. 
The commission expects all 1,000 MW of Davis' recently announced peaking 
generators to be on line for the summer. "No way," says the industry. 
Instead of the CEC's estimate of 61,000 MW, then, California can expect 
available supply of only 44,000 MW. The state needs 51,000 MW to meet demand 
and maintain recommended reserves in the kind of heat wave it gets, on 
average, every two summers. 
People in the industry have been telling the governor for nine months that 
there's no way to raise supply to meet demand this year or next. Siting and 
building power plants takes too long. Demand has to be reduced to the level 
of supply. 
The current course is to reduce demand through blackouts. Pricing offers a 
better way. If the state raised electricity rates immediately - a step no 
longer opposed even by California consumer group The Utility Reform Network California would stop burning through the natural gas and water reserves 
needed to keep generators running this summer. 
Davis insists on solving the crisis without a rate increase big enough to 
damp demand. Several western U.S. utilities outside California have already 
imposed such rate hikes. Davis is focused on buying power, even though 
California can't subsidize consumption of artificially cheap power much 
longer. The Department of Water Resources is signing 10-year power supply 
contracts at hefty prices that fully reflect today's supply-demand imbalance. 
Instead, he should be addressing the imbalance, which must be dealt with 
sooner (by prices) or later (by blackouts). Raise California rates 
significantly now. Cut demand, and the wholesale price for electricity comes 
crashing down. Then sign long-term contracts at the lower rates. 
Davis is committing California's citizens and businesses to 10 years of 
overpriced electricity. After that, he says, he will try to reduce demand. 
His streak of bad decisions in this crisis continues unbroken. 
-By Mark Golden, Dow Jones Newswires
Monday, February 26, 2001 
Most of West in the Same Power Jam as California
Utilities: Other states ran their grids at fever pitches as populations 
swelled and few new energy sources were developed. Now, also facing 
blackouts, they want to tilt balance of power away from the Golden State and 
toward themselves.
By PETER G. GOSSELIN, Times Staff Writer
?????WINTERSBURG, Ariz.--For more than a century, California ran a simple 
account with the rest of the West: It demanded and the West supplied, most 
especially water and power.
?????But as the Western states have ballooned in the last decade--in no small 
part because of an outbound trek of Californians--this simple, supply-demand 
relationship has broken down.
?????Fundamentally, the rest of the West has outgrown its electrical system 
just as California has its own. And it has done so in very much the same 
way--by adding too many people without enough new power or conservation.
?????Indeed, statistics show that much of the rest of the West would have 
been on the verge of trouble even without California's help and may yet face 
the sort of rolling blackouts that have wreaked so much havoc in the Golden 
State.
?????The booming Southwest has run its power grid at such a fever pitch that 
its planning reserves--the extra power that utilities build in to handle 
emergencies--have shrunk to levels that many regulators and industry experts 
consider dangerous.
?????Almost none of the West save Montana has increased its power production 
at anything like the pace of its population growth during the last decade. 
Despite the long economic boom of the 1990s, which smiled especially on the 
West, several, such as Arizona, have failed to complete a single new power 
plant.
?????"We don't know how bad it's going to be yet," said Utah's Republican 
governor, Mike Leavitt. "We won't know that until May, June, July and August, 
when everyone in the Southwest turns on their swamp coolers."
?????In trying to dodge the blackout bullet, many Western leaders are seeking 
to force a great change on the region: to renegotiate their states' basic 
deal with California. They want to end an old relationship--that between 
center and hinterland, colonizer and colonized--and establish a new one that 
could curtail California's long regional dominance.
?????In the strange chemistry of the moment--when a once-Republican state 
government has turned Democratic and a once-Democratic national government 
has turned Republican, when the battle is to a large extent over privately 
owned electricity rather than publicly controlled water--they could actually 
meet with some success.
?????"California spent the 20th century decolonizing itself from Wall Street 
and the East," said Kevin Starr, the state librarian and author of a 
multivolume history of California. "Now, all of a sudden, there's a dramatic 
possibility of it being recolonized, at least in part, by the rest of the 
West."
?????Captive Plants Feed Power to California
?????Ground zero for these changes lies 50 miles west of Phoenix in the dry 
scrublands of Wintersburg. This is home to the Palo Verde nuclear facility, 
now the nation's single biggest power producer. It will soon be home as well 
to between three and six new gas-fired power plants that, combined, will 
produce even more electricity than their giant neighbor.
?????Palo Verde represents a great deal about the old, fraying world of 
regulated utilities and about the supply-demand relationships that California 
once maintained with the rest of the West.
?????More than one-quarter of the plant is owned by Los Angeles' municipal 
utility, the Department of Water and Power, several other California cities 
and Southern California Edison.
?????A row of steel latticework towers runs off toward California, carrying a 
transmission line from plant to consumer. California has big stakes in a 
half-dozen similarly captive plants in an arc of states from Nevada to New 
Mexico.
?????From California's point of view, the beauty of these projects has been 
that they provided near-certain power without the muss of meeting state 
pollution standards or the political hassle of building closer to home.
?????And at least until the mid-1990s, California regulators virtually 
guaranteed that their owners covered their costs and made profits, even if 
plants' power wasn't immediately needed.
?????"The first principle of the old system was that you had to be able to 
meet demand, no matter what," said Paul L. Joskow, a veteran utility 
economist at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.
?????"If you had too much power, if it cost you a little too much, that was 
less important than being sure you could meet demand." And, he added, "you 
had regulators watching to make sure you did."
?????The gas-fired plants that are about to pop up in Wintersburg are also 
representative, but of the new, deregulated world of power production. 
Although they will crowd in around Palo Verde and tap into the same 
California transmission line, they are being built on an entirely different 
business premise: selling power to the highest bidder.
?????In fact, the reason this empty patch of desert has become such an 
electricity hot spot lately is not Palo Verde itself, but its huge 
transmission lines. In addition to the California line, four others fan out 
from the plant: two back to Phoenix, one east to New Mexico, and one north to 
Utah and from there to the Northwest.
?????All were built to hard-wire the nuclear project to its owners. But they 
are now seen as the means by which a new breed of producer can get top dollar 
by sending power wherever prices are highest.
?????"It used to be generating capacity was built by people who looked at the 
market to see if they could meet demand," said Jack Davis, president of 
Pinnacle West Capital Corp., which owns Arizona's major utility and is 
putting up two of the Wintersburg plants.
?????"Now," he said approvingly, "it's being built by people who look at the 
market to see if you can make a lot of money."
?????Plans Go Awry in Many States
?????Money, not the watchful eye of government, was what was supposed to 
assure that electricity deregulation worked. The opportunity to make it would 
cause investors to flock to the electricity business, ensuring that plenty of 
new power plants got built.
?????If too many went up, it would be investors, not ratepayers, who 
suffered. If too few, then high prices would attract still more investors, 
more plants and, ultimately, more power.
?????But to date, almost nothing about deregulation has gone as planned--and 
not just in California, but in the West in general.
?????Take Arizona. The state has a hands-off attitude toward business, 
including its utilities. It has almost none of the environmental restrictions 
blamed for keeping California from putting up the new plants it needs.
?????Its population grew by 40% from 1990 to 2000, according to the Census 
Bureau. And its demand for electricity expanded at nearly twice that rate, 
according to industry figures.
?????"Arizona should have been a power producer's heaven," said A. Michael 
Schaal, a senior analyst with Energy Ventures Analysis Inc., a prominent 
Washington-area consulting firm.
?????But Arizona's power production rose a mere 4% during the 1990s, mostly 
as a result of improving existing plants. Until 18 months ago, no one had 
applied to build a major power plant since Palo Verde in the late 1980s.
?????"I guess I go on the assumption that the utilities plan with some sort 
of 10-, 20-, 30-year time horizon," Arizona's Republican Gov. Jane Dee Hull 
said in a recent interview. "I think what we all worry about is: Are they 
planning?"
?????Or Nevada. Its utilities apparently did plan and increased 
electricity-making capacity between 1990 and 2000 by a substantial 44%. But 
that wasn't enough to keep up with the state's population, which increased 
66%. On Thursday, Nevada Gov. Kenny Guinn, a Republican and former energy 
company executive, indefinitely halted deregulation in his state.
?????Or traditionally energy-rich Washington state. One of its major 
utilities, Seattle City Light, recently learned that all of its previously 
planned supply increase for the next four years will be consumed, and then 
some, by just three new customers: computer server farms being built to 
handle the growing Internet traffic in and out of the high-tech capital.
?????But it's unlikely to be able to get extra power soon because regional 
supplies are balanced on a "razor's edge," according to Northwest Power Pool 
President Jerry Rust. "We have no cushion."
?????Indeed, the electricity supplies of the entire West are balanced on a 
razor's edge, with a variety of forecasters predicting serious shortages this 
summer.
?????Schaal, the Washington-area consultant, for example, said the region 
will come up 6% short. "Westerners can expect 150 to 275 hours of rolling 
blackouts, most of them in California," he said.
?????One of the most striking aspects of the current situation is that, in 
contrast to what most people think, supplies have not grown short just 
recently.
?????They have been perilously tight for the last several years--before the 
start of California's troubles of this summer and fall, and before the 
near-record dry winter that has left the Northwest dangerously short of water 
for its hydroelectric dams.
?????The implication is that California did not cause other states to run 
short of power so much as trigger events that exposed their danger. It did 
that, according to key observers, with one monumentally inept maneuver.
?????When California required its major utilities to buy power in the 
volatile spot market and simultaneously prohibited them from passing along 
higher costs to consumers, it set off a furious price spiral.
?????That effectively stripped the entire region of its energy security 
blanket, the assurance that it could buy extra power relatively inexpensively 
if local supplies proved inadequate.
?????The result has been a string of crises across the West.
?????In southern Arizona, for example, the San Carlos Irrigation Project, a 
tiny public utility that tried to jump into the deregulation vanguard by 
dropping long-term contracts in hopes of more power at lower prices in the 
spot market, has announced that its bills are going up 300%. Most of the 
project's 13,300 poor customers say they can't pay.
?????In Phoenix, utility executives who had confidently said the state was 
rich with new power projects about to come on line have decided to pull two 
50-year-old steam plants out of mothballs and rent a pair of portable 
generators to reduce purchases from the expensive spot market.
?????In Idaho, the big power company is appealing to potato farmers to skip 
planting and sell the electricity they would use running irrigation pumps 
back to the firm. Company executives figure the buyback will be cheaper than 
purchasing power on the open market--and the potato farmers are likely to do 
pretty well themselves.
?????Deep Hostility in Rest of the West
?????The subtle difference between California's triggering recent events and 
actually causing the region's crisis is largely lost in the current 
atmosphere of apprehension and upheaval. Although leaders of the rest of the 
West are scrupulously evenhanded in commenting to outsiders about their big 
neighbor, they are less guarded at home.
?????The normally mild-mannered Leavitt, for example, was recently quoted as 
warning a Salt Lake City audience that "California, if given the chance, 
would put a shunt into our veins and bleed us pretty quickly." (In an 
interview, he denied having made the remark.)
?????Such comments reflect an old and easily rekindled view among Westerners 
that their states are, in the words of historian Bernard DeVoto, "plundered 
provinces"--terrain that first Easterners and then Californians have 
regularly raided for minerals, water and, most recently, power.
?????But this time, some Western leaders think they can change all this. "A 
lot of people see an opportunity to rewrite the fundamental relationship with 
California to their advantage," said Stanford historian Richard White.
?????The attempts at rewriting are taking shape across the West.
?????In the Northwest, Oregon, Washington, Idaho and Montana are redoubling 
their efforts to take over the Bonneville Power Administration, the huge, 
federally controlled generating system on the Columbia and Snake rivers that 
is one of California's chief sources of summer electricity. 
?????"The crisis has highlighted the danger that power generated in the 
region can be exported without the region's consent," Oregon Gov. John 
Kitzhaber said in an interview.
?????In Arizona, state officials have gone from having no proposals for new 
power plants to being buried by them. Regulators recently approved the 
construction of 10 plants, including several around Palo Verde, and are 
considering another eight.
?????Although they are requiring the plants to temporarily serve Arizona's 
needs first, the facilities will soon be able to sell their power for 
whatever prices they can command, an arrangement that could leave California 
just one among many bidders.
?????(Federal officials are unlikely to get in the way: Gov. Hull is close to 
President Bush, who in turn has shown little interest in helping Democratic 
California.)
?????Perhaps the most aggressive efforts at change are occurring in Utah, 
where Leavitt is trying something that could become California's worst 
nightmare--recalling power that Utah produces for the state.
?????Los Angeles' DWP and several other California utilities own 
three-quarters of the huge, coal-fired Intermountain Power Project in 
west-central Utah, and have been drawing on it without incident for 15 years.
?????But Utah officials recently unearthed a long-forgotten provision in 
their agreement with the plant's owners that gives them the right, with 
proper notice, to recall power for local use.
?????The state has already notified Los Angeles that it is taking back 50 
megawatts of electricity capacity this summer and another 170 next summer, 
and it may be able to take back still more, according to plant general 
manager Reed Searle.
?????Although the amounts are trivial--the Los Angeles utility either owns or 
has firm contracts for more than 7,000 megawatts of capacity--Leavitt said 
Utah will demand similar recall provisions in agreements for any new plants 
in the state, including a 500- to 750-megawatt facility that Los Angeles is 
negotiating to build.
?????"California has chosen not to create its own power generation and has 
depended on us to do that," the Utah governor said. "That's fine and we're 
willing to do that.
?????"But," he added, "there comes a point at which, if demand grows too 
large, we've got to hold some of this capacity back for ourselves, and for 
our children and grandchildren."
?????If Utah and the rest of the West have reached that point, California 
could be in for a much bigger and more enduring shock than the one from which 
it now suffers.
?????Times researcher Lynn Marshall in Seattle contributed to this report.
Monday, February 26, 2001 
Plant Construction Stalled Over State's Effort to Revise Contracts 
Power: Small "peaker" generators could help California get through the summer 
without blackouts. 
By NANCY VOGEL, Times Staff Writer 
?????SACRAMENTO--The construction of a fleet of small power plants--capable 
of supplying 1 million homes--is being stalled because of a dispute between 
state officials and the plant builders.
?????Two weeks ago, Gov. Gray Davis toured a power plant under construction 
among the orchards of Sutter County. He ordered state Energy Commission 
regulators to roll out the red carpet for anybody willing to quickly build 
small, sometimes temporary, generators called "peakers" to help the state get 
through next summer without blackouts.
?????Yet plans for 29 such plants, which have been in the works since last 
fall, have been slowed by the state, according to the companies hired to 
build the plants. The problem, they say, is that the California Department of 
Water Resources, which was pushed into the electricity business on an 
emergency basis last month, is trying to amend 4-month-old contracts for 
construction of peaker plants.
?????State officials say the original contracts gave too much to the plant 
builders, and they want to save the taxpayers money by revising the terms.
?????"We're not delaying any construction," said Davis spokesman Phil 
Trounstine. "We're providing financial assurances for the generators and 
protections for California consumers."
?????"There's no reason," he added, "that these guys can't rework these 
contracts and get these plants up and running on time."
?????But peaker plant operators say the contract revisions probably will slow 
down construction. 
?????Last week, Harold Dittmer found out that the department wants to stretch 
to 10 years the terms of what had been a three-year contract with his 
company, Sacramento-based Wellhead Power.
?????He said he is scrambling to alter land and equipment leases and isn't 
certain he will get his four power plants installed in the Central Valley by 
the target dates of May and July.
?????"Having to renegotiate the agreements adds uncertainty, and uncertainty 
adds time," Dittmer said.
?????Some of the other eight companies with contracts to build peakers say 
they've also been asked to alter their contracts.
?????"The projects will not be done in June, as originally contemplated said Dale Fredericks, chief executive officer of DG Power Inc. in the San 
Francisco suburb of Walnut Creek. His company intends to build seven small 
plants around the state with the combined capacity to supply more than 
340,000 homes.
?????These gas-fired plants, some so small they fit on the back of a big-rig 
truck, are designed to run a few hours at times of heightened demand. Most 
are slated for construction on existing industrial sites, such as utility 
substations.
?????Officials of the Department of Water Resources did not return calls for 
comment. Steve Maviglio, a spokesman for Davis, said department officials are 
confident that the plants will all be finished this summer. He said the 
agency--thrust into the power-buying business as a result of the 
near-bankruptcy of the state's two biggest utilities--wants to amend the 
original contracts to save money.
?????"We're simply trying to get the best prices for taxpayers," Maviglio 
said.
?????But in slowing down the plant construction, the department's action 
undermines the governor's campaign to quickly expand the state's power 
production. Two weeks ago, Davis ordered the Energy Commission to offer 
licensing of such plants in 21 days or less. On Wednesday, the commission 
published a list of 32 sites around the state that could, by its estimation, 
quickly and easily accommodate a peaker plant.
?????Among these sites, targeted for proximity to transmission lines and 
natural gas supplies, are an airport in Kern County, the port of Long Beach 
and a cardboard recycling plant in Ontario.
?????"Our target is 1,000 megawatts," said Energy Commission spokeswoman 
Claudia Chandler.
?????Fredericks, the power plant builder, said the state's best shot of 
getting that much peaking power built by this summer is through existing 
contracts like his. So many plants are under construction around the country 
that there is often a long wait for delivery of the turbines, compressors and 
other crucial components of a power plant, he said.
?????"We've been working on this six months, so we have equipment lined up said Fredericks, who searched worldwide for the parts he needed. "But 
somebody coming in right now probably can't find the equipment."
?????His company and eight others signed contracts last fall with the 
California Independent System Operator. That nonprofit agency, based east of 
Sacramento in Folsom, was established under the state's 1996 deregulation 
plan to balance the flow of electricity on the transmission grid reaching 75% 
of California.
?????Typically, Cal-ISO wouldn't be in the business of soliciting 
construction of power plants. But a scarcity of supply complicates Cal-ISO's 
job. Managers looking ahead to the summer of 2001 predicted last year that 
the state would be short of electricity by one-fifth of what it needs on 
those hottest afternoons when demand for power spikes upward.
?????Warning of "a very substantial risk" of rotating blackouts in the summer 
of 2001, Cal-ISO officials signed contracts last October and November for 29 
small power plants to be built by June. The plants would be capable of 
providing 1,279 megawatts of peak-time electricity--enough to supply more 
than 1 million homes--at a cost of $214 million a year for three years.
?????That would amount to about $6 per California household per year, Cal-ISO 
staff figured.
?????"These costs," wrote Cal-ISO management in a memo to its policy-making 
board of governors, "should be weighed against the financial, social and 
human costs" associated with blackouts.
?????"We saw the summer of 2001 coming like a freight train," said Brian 
Theaker, manager of reliability contracts at Cal-ISO. "And we gulped and 
swallowed and said, 'We've got to do this because nobody else is ?????Those contracts were signed despite the misgivings of two appointees of 
the governor.
?????In an Oct. 26 letter, Public Utilities Commission Chairwoman Loretta 
Lynch and Michael Kahn, head of the Electricity Oversight Board, complained 
that the contracts for peaker plants seemed too expensive.
?????They urged Cal-ISO to refrain from signing the contracts until the PUC 
could check whether Edison and PG&E were willing to build the plants more 
cheaply.
?????But the utilities came forward with no such plans, and the Cal-ISO board 
approved the contracts.
?????Under those contracts, the plants would be required to produce 
electricity for 500 hours at most this summer, when called upon to do so by 
Cal-ISO.
?????But work on the plants tapered off in January, when the deteriorating 
financial condition of Edison and PG&E threw the future of Cal-ISO into 
jeopardy.
?????Cal-ISO doesn't actually buy electricity. It bills utilities for the 
power it needs to balance the grid. So as Edison and PG&E spiraled toward 
bankruptcy in December, Cal-ISO lost its credit-worthy status, and 
companies--and their lenders--feared doing business with the agency.
?????To calm those fears and to get construction underway, the Department of 
Water Resources has offered to replace Cal-ISO in the contracts. But that has 
not yet happened, as department officials seek to change the contracts. The 
state has hired a Massachusetts firm, Navigant, to renegotiate the deals.
?????"If DWR would just assume the contracts as they are, we'd all be in high 
gear," Dittmer said.
Saturday, February 24, 2001 
Electricity Crisis Dims Firms' Opinion of State 
Polling: Four out of 10 small companies are less happy about California's 
business climate, and 20% are looking at a move. 
By NANCY RIVERA BROOKS, Times Staff Writer 
?????Four out of 10 small companies say California's electricity crisis has 
dimmed their view of the state as a place to do business, and nearly two in 
10 are exploring a move to another state, according to a survey released 
Friday by the National Federation of Independent Business.
?????The survey, one of the first to attempt to 
?????gauge the toll on business from the energy meltdown, follows other polls 
issued this week that illuminate vastly different views of deregulation and 
the retail competition that it is intended to spark.
?????Most California consumers said they still favor electricity competition, 
in a survey conducted by J.D. Power & Associates. More than half of the 750 
people interviewed said they did not understand deregulation, but 64% said 
the state should continue to support competition in the electricity industry.
?????But another survey, by the Booz-Allen & Hamilton consulting firm, found 
that most commercial and industrial companies were "wholly unprepared" to 
take advantage of retail electricity competition around the nation and that 
few switched to new electricity providers. While most of those that switched 
saved money on their electricity bills, 10% paid the same or even more for 
power.
?????If nothing else, the three surveys underscore that problems in the 
electricity industry are confusing, expensive, frustrating and disruptive for 
all involved.
?????"This is a major issue, the No. 1 issue, for small business," said 
Martyn Hopper, state director for the National Federation of Independent 
Business, an advocacy group for small companies.
?????Although California businesses have raised serious concerns about both 
energy costs and supply, the state's economy so far has shown only limited 
damage.
?????Just more than 20% of respondents said they had been hit by blackouts 
since the beginning of the year, the telephone survey of 523 small businesses 
conducted for NFIB by Mason-Dixon Polling & Research of Maryland found.
?????But there clearly was some confusion among those answering the survey 
about whether these were the rotating blackouts that hit Northern and Central 
California on Jan. 17 and 18, or whether these were voluntary power outages 
under utility programs that ask businesses to cut electricity usage when 
supplies are extremely tight. For example, 9.4% of respondents in the Los 
Angeles area said they had experienced a blackout when no forced outages 
occurred south of Bakersfield.
?????For whatever reason the lights went out, more than half of the 
businesses were forced to severely curtail or terminate business operations 
for the entire blackout.
?????About one-third said they lost sales, nearly 21% said materials were 
damaged or destroyed, and nearly 40% had to absorb wage costs for work not 
done.
?????Businesses were almost evenly split on whether the blackouts would lower 
earnings, and nearly eight out of 10 were not planning any layoffs as a 
result.
?????But the electricity mess has damaged the companies' views of California 
as a secure business home. Slightly more than 43% said the power problem had 
changed their views about California as a place to do business, and nearly 
71% said it had shaken their confidence in the state's political and business 
leadership.
?????But a whopping 69% said they have no intention of moving their companies 
to another state.
?????"Our members don't have the option of moving to Texas or Colorado" in 
search of cheaper or more reliable power, Hopper said. "A lot of them are 
family owned and minority owned . . . and they want to do business in 
California."
NEWS ANALYSIS 
Once Accused of Inactivity, Davis Now Takes Lead Role 
The governor has shifted into campaign mode in the power crisis, trying to 
convince voters, critics and investors that he can steer the state toward 
recovery. 
By DAN MORAIN and RONE TEMPEST, Times Staff Writers 
?????Just a month ago, Gov. Gray Davis was under fire for failing to move 
quickly and forcefully to quell California's energy crisis.
?????But in recent weeks the governor has moved into campaign mode--touring 
power plants with TV cameras in tow and issuing a steady stream of 
proclamations that declare victories in the power battle.
?????His mission is to convince voters in California, analysts on Wall 
Street, and politicos across the country that he is up to solving what he 
insists on calling the energy "challenge."
?????Davis is doing what any politician on the hustings would do: Head out to 
a power plant under construction as he did recently, put on a hard hat and 
tell gathered reporters that he is working to make sure the state will have 
enough power to meet its needs.
?????"Because it is so complicated and hydra-headed," said Garry South, 
Davis' chief political consultant, "we really felt he had to move out and 
simplify and objectify what he is doing." Otherwise, people simply wouldn't 
see that he had a plan to solve the problem.
?????"This isn't rocket science," South added. "The communication tools and 
techniques that any elected official has" don't differ that much "from what 
is available in a campaign."
?????Davis arrived Friday night in Washington, D.C., on the first leg of a 
five-day East Coast trip that will take him to Wall Street. In recent weeks, 
he has compiled a story to tell of actions he has taken that suggest he is on 
top of the situation.
?????Critics counter that his plans are half measures. On Friday, for 
example, he did not announce a final deal to rescue the state's three private 
utilities from their multibillion dollar debt. Rather, he proclaimed that he 
had the framework of an accord with one of the utilities, Southern California 
Edison.
?????However, the goal is to show progress, even if it's incremental.
?????"The public just wants it solved," said Democratic political consultant 
Darry Sragow, who doesn't work for Davis. "He is working to show that he is 
working to solve the problem. If there is a view that no one is solving his 
problem, all hell will break loose."
?????The actions are a far cry from the situation in January, when utility 
executives, power generators and lawmakers were loudly blaming Davis for 
failing to recognize the power crisis and for not taking steps soon enough to 
get California on course for recovery.
?????Davis confidantes say there was no single event that led to the 
governor's decision to position himself as the man who would lead California 
out of the crisis. But the governor pays close attention to 
politics--conferring at least weekly with his team of political advisors and 
regularly scrutinizing public opinion polls.
?????After convening two focus groups on the topic last month, the governor 
and his political advisors, led by South, concluded that Davis needed to take 
a higher profile. The prospect of the state's two major utilities going broke 
also spurred the governor into action.
?????"It became important to let Wall Street, creditors, generators and the 
public understand that we were making progress." said Davis' communication 
director Phil Trounstine. "That's a big piece of why you've seen the governor 
personally carrying the message."
?????Davis still has critics, including many in his party. But few can say 
that he is still suffering from inaction. He is pushing for a state 
takeover--at a cost of more than $7 billion--of private utilities' electrical 
transmission systems, and spending money at a clip of $1 billion a month to 
buy electricity.
?????Flush with a multibillion budget surplus, the Davis administration has 
spent more than $2 billion to buy electricity so far. It is offering an extra 
$400 million for conservation measures, and pledges to spend millions more to 
speed construction of new power plants.
?????Aides say practical reasons prevented Davis from taking a more public 
role sooner. He was spending most of his time gaining an understanding of the 
problem, and looking for solutions.
?????Davis was freed up only after he assembled his energy team, led by 
former Edison executive Michael Peevey, San Francisco lawyer Michael Kahn, 
and Department of Water and Power chief S. David Freeman. The trio gave Davis 
the expertise to negotiate with utility executives and power generators.
?????Once they were in place, Davis had time to make public appearances, like 
the one in Yuba City earlier this month, themed around generation and power 
plant construction--the stuff of photo opportunities.
?????"It was a collective view that because this problem was so complicated 
and abstract, he had to move out," South said.
?????And of course, Davis' political future is widely seen to ride on the 
outcome.
?????Lawmakers give Davis credit for deflecting blame for the crisis from his 
office, even if it means they pay the price. But now that Davis has taken the 
lead role, he faces risks if the plan fails.
?????"I'm convinced, if it blows up, he is going to get the worst of it said one senior Democrat.
?????Added Sragow: "We're not talking about anything that is particularly 
subtle or sophisticated. The governor is chief executive, the point person. 
If the person who is the obvious choice doesn't lead, there will be unrest, 
and someone will try to fill the vacuum."
?????Davis' efforts are beginning to result in some praise. A utility 
executive who a month ago was highly critical said after Davis announced the 
makings of a rescue plan for Edison that the governor "forged a difficult and 
creative and complex agreement.'
?????"I think you have to give him points for that," the executive said.
?????This story was reported by Dan Morain in Los Angeles and Rone Tempest in 
Sacramento.
California has appetite for electricity, but is no power glutton
ANDREW BRIDGES, Associated Press Writer 
Monday,?February 26, 2001 
Breaking News Sections 
(02-26) 12:39 PST LOS ANGELES (AP) -- California's power crisis has led 
neighboring states to accuse the Golden State of hogging electricity. But the 
numbers tell a different story. 
California does use a vast amount of electricity. But it consumes less on a 
per-capita basis than all other states except Rhode Island. 
The mild climate and less heavy industry than other states are part of the 
reason. Experts say credit also must go to stringent conservation measures. 
``It's true we're big, and it's true we didn't build a lot of power plants. 
... But we're not energy hogs at all,'' said Arthur Rosenfeld, who sits on 
the five-member California Energy Commission. ``We're almost as good as 
Western Europe, and Western Europe is about twice as energy-efficient as the 
United States 			Among the 50 states, only Texas consumes more energy -- measured by its total 
use of electricity, natural gas and oil -- than California, the nation's most 
populous state. 
However, California ranks 47th in per-capita energy use -- well below No. 4 
Texas, No. 20 Washington and No. 27 Oregon, according to the Energy 
Information Administration, which is part of the U.S. Energy Department. 
When looking specifically at per-capita electricity consumption, California 
ranks 49th, at 24.2 million BTUs, the agency said. Californians' per-capita 
electricity use is only 60 percent of the national average. 
For air conditioning alone, a typical California household uses one-third the 
amount of electricity consumed by a household in Texas or Florida, according 
to the U.S. Energy Department's 1997 Residential Energy Consumption Survey. 
California has ``a different climate, so even if you do have warm summers, 
they're not humid, so you don't have the big, huge air conditioning load you 
see in Florida or Texas,'' said Robert Latta, the survey's manager at the 
Energy Information Administration. 
California also uses electricity, as well as natural gas, oil and coal, more 
wisely than most states thanks to aggressive conservation efforts started 
during the oil shocks of the early 1970s, federal and state data indicate. 
Key to those efforts are stringent standards for new homes and commercial 
buildings that dictate such things as the types of windows and lighting and 
the amount of insulation. 
``If it is not the leading state, they are at least tied for it'' in 
efficiency standards, said Ed Wisniewski, deputy director of the Boston-based 
Consortium for Energy Efficiency. ``Historically, they have been very 
progressive, and many of the programs we advocate nationally were started in 
California 			California's per-capita use also is lower because many energy-intensive 
industries are located elsewhere. Aluminum smelting and paper manufacturing, 
for example, are clustered in the Pacific Northwest. 
The industries that are located in California, however, are generally more 
efficient in their use of electricity than industries elsewhere, according to 
1998 figures from the California Energy Commission, which shapes state energy 
policy. 
Companies use just 0.2 kilowatt-hours of electricity to produce every 
dollar's worth of goods and services in California, while businesses in 
neighboring states use twice as much, according to commission figures. 
``The concept that California is a big, wasteful state really isn't true said Latta, of the Energy Information Administration. 
There is still room for improvement in California, particularly when it comes 
to conservation. California ranks just 17th among all states in spending by 
utilities on energy-efficiency programs as part of their revenue. 
In 1998, California utilities reduced spending on energy-efficiency programs, 
though the current crisis has prompted the major utilities to reverse that, 
according to the American Council for an Energy-Efficient Economy. 
Gov. Gray Davis recently released a $404 million conservation program 
designed to control growth in the state's demand for electricity. 
Maintaining energy efficiency and keeping demand in check as the population 
grows will be among the toughest challenges in the years ahead. 
Energy use per capita is up 10 percent over the past two decades. 
Californians used about 7,000 kilowatt hours per year in 1980, compared with 
about 7,700 kilowatt hours last year, according to scientists at Lawrence 
Berkeley National Laboratory. 
And many people are moving to inland areas where they find cheaper housing 
but also face more severe summer temperatures that require greater use of air 
conditioning. 
? 
? Printer-friendly version 
? Email this article to a friend 
Feedback 	
?	
,2001 Associated Press USA: U.S. West spot power lower as plants return to service.
? 
02/26/2001 
Reuters English News Service 
(C) Reuters Limited 2001. 
LOS ANGELES, Feb 26 (Reuters) - Spot electricity prices in 
the U.S. West for Tuesday delivery were lower, weakened by the 
return to service of some key power plants and comparatively 
light loads across the region. 
Dealers noted the list of plants returning to service 
included the 750 megawatt Unit 1 at the Navajo coal-fired plant 
in Arizona, the 750 MW Unit 1 at the Ormond Beach gas-fired 
plant in southern California and the 739 MW Unit 6 at the Moss 
Landing gas-fired plant in northern California Their return was offset by the start of a planned outage at 
the 750 MW Unit 3 at the Navajo plant and expectations that the 
739 MW Unit 7 at the Moss Landing gas-fired plant would be 
brought down shortly for a planned upgrade. 
There was also talk that the 508 MW Boardman coal-fired 
plant in Oregon had tripped off line over the weekend although 
market sources said they believed the unit was back up on 
Monday morning. 
Loads were reduced by generally mild daytime temperatures 
across the region although cold nights boosted offpeak demand. 
The California Independent System Operator (ISO) forecast 
loads on the 75 percent of the state grid it oversees would 
peak Tuesday at 29,285 MW, down from an expected peak on Monday 
of 29,814 MW. 
Natural gas prices were steady to slightly higher with a 
range of $12.00-14.00 per million British thermal units 
compared with an average on Friday of $12.25. 
Gas fuels about a third of California 's power plants. 
Weather Services Corp. forecast Northwest temperatures 
would be mostly 2-4 degrees F below normal through Tuesday, 
near normal Wednesday and near normal to 10 degrees above on 
Thursday and Friday. 
Southwest temperatures were seen averaging 3-12 degrees 
below on Tuesday, 2-8 degrees below on Wednesday, near normal 
to 4 degrees above on Thursday and near normal to 8 degrees 
above on Friday. 
For city-by-city regional weather forecasts, double click 
on the following: Northwest (Northern WSCC) 
Southwest (Southern WSCC)
Throughout the West, planned and unplanned outages or 
reductions were underway at the following units (tentative 
restart dates - 1,270 MW Palo Verde 3, nuclear, Ariz. (March 3) 
- 750 MW Navajo 3, coal, Ariz. (March 24) 
- 175 MW South Bay 3, gas, Calif. (March) 
- 430 MW Hunter 1, coal, Utah (April) 
- 1,080 MW San Onofre 3, nuclear, Calif. (mid-May to 
mid-Jun)
- 750 MW Ormond Beach 1, gas, Calif. (unknown) 
- 750 MW Ormond Beach 2, gas, Calif. (unknown) 
- 335 MW El Segundo 3, gas, Calif. (unknown) 
- 215 MW Mandalay 1, gas, Calif. (unknown) 
- 215 MW Mandalay 2, gas, Calif. (unknown) 
- 175 MW El Segundo 2, gas, Calif. (unknown) 
- 175 MW Alamitos 1, gas, Calif. (unknown) 
- 175 MW Redondo Beach 5, gas, Calif. (unknown) 
- 165 MW Pine Flat, hydro, Calif. (unknown) 
- 163 MW Pittsburg 2, gas, Calif. (unknown) 
- 163 MW Pittsburg 3, gas, Calif. (unknown) 
- 163 MW Pittsburg 4, gas, Calif. (unknown) 
- 147 MW, Alamitos 7, gas, Calif. (unknown) 
- 147 MW, Huntington Beach 5, Calif. (unknown) 
FUTURE PLANT OUTAGES - 750 MW Moss Landing 7, gas, Calif. (Feb, unknown) 
- 1,158 MW Columbia GS, nuclear, Wash. (April, unknown) 
PRICES                             02/26/01         02/23/01
Mid-Columbia peak        200.00-205.00     240.00-250.00
off-peak    175.00-180.00     225.00-230.00
bal Feb                        Mar               COB          peak        200.00-210.00 N   245.00-250.00 N
off-peak    180.00-185.00 N   230.00-235.00 N
bal Feb                        Mar               Palo Verde   peak        177.00-182.00     195.00-200.00
off-peak     92.00-100.00     130.00-147.00
bal Feb                        Mar               Four Corners peak        178.00-182.00     190.00-200.00
off-peak     95.00-99.00      130.00-135.00
bal Feb                        Mar               NP-15        peak        190.00-205.00     212.00-215.00
off-peak    160.00-170.00 N   180.00-185.00 N
SP-15        peak        180.00-185.00     190.00-195.00
off-peak    115.00-120.00     130.00-135.00.
Calif Pwr Plan May Face Stumbling Blocks In Legislature
By Jason Leopold
? 
02/26/2001 
Dow Jones Energy Service 
LOS ANGELES -(Dow Jones)- Key lawmakers in the California Assembly and Senate 
on Monday were only willing to offer partial support for a plan by Gov. Gray 
Davis to buy the power lines owned by the state's three investor-owned 
utilities. 
Their hesitance calls into question the chances of quick passage for the 
measure, which is the centerpiece of the governor's plan to keep the state's 
two largest utilities from sliding into bankruptcy. 
"There are way too many unanswered questions about it, both fundamental and 
logistical questions," said the chief of staff to one key Democratic 
lawmaker. 
On Friday, Gov. Davis announced at a news conference that he reached an 
"agreement in principle" with Edison International (EIX) unit Southern 
California Edison to purchase the utility's transmission lines for $2.76 
billion, roughly 2.3 times their book value. 
Davis said he hopes to finalize the deal by Friday, when he also hopes to 
announce similar deals for Sempra Energy (SRE) unit San Diego Gas & Electric 
and PG&E Corp. (PCG) unit Pacific Gas & Electric Davis aides said the state is willing to pay about $7.5 billion for the 
26,000 miles of transmission lines owned by the three utilities. 
The buyout is aimed to restore the utilities to solvency and help them 
restructure nearly $13 billion in undercollected power costs the companies 
have amassed during 2000. 
But lawmakers said the measure won't sail through the Legislature. State Sen. 
Debra Bowen, D-Redondo Beach, who chairs the Senate Energy Committee, said 
she isn't willing to sign off on the transmission plan until the state 
secures concessions from generators and other creditors. She also questioned 
the price the governor has offered for the power lines. 
"There are a number of advantages to having the state own and control the 
transmission lines, but it's not something we should do at any price," Bowen 
said, adding that the deal should also have value to ratepayers. 
For the past several weeks, key lawmakers Bowen, Assembly Speaker Robert 
Hertzberg, Assemblyman Fred Keely, Senate leader John Burton and Assembly 
Republican Minority leader Bill Campbell, the Democratic and Republican 
lawmakers who have stood with Davis during previous news conferences, have 
been missing. 
Advisers said the lawmakers have decided not to endorse Davis' plan until 
more information has been released. Sen. Burton, who introduced legislation 
three weeks ago to have the state purchase the utilities' transmission lines, 
also wouldn't declare his support for the governor's plan. 
"As the governor noted, this is an agreement in principle, and the 
Legislature awaits further details," said Burton press secretary Dave Sebeck. 
Other Democrats refused to comment on the transmission plan, while 
Republicans have been the most vocal opponents. 
"I don't see how we can pay for the transmission lines without a rate 
increase," Campbell said. "If you refinance your house from a $100,000 
mortgage to a $230,000 mortgage, you're going to have to pay more. That's a 
simple fact. 
Consumer groups have blasted the governor's proposal, likening it to a 
bailout of the utilities. 
Michael Shames, executive director of the Utilities Consumer Action Network, 
said the price the state is offering to pay for Southern California Edison's 
power lines "is the outer limits of what can be financially justified as a 
purchase price for the transmission Harvey Rosenfield of the Foundation for Taxpayer and Consumer Rights, said he 
will try and overturn the measure with an initiative on the 2002 ballot. 
But Davis isn't worried by his critics, whether they be Democrat or 
Republican. 
"Responsible Democrats and Republicans will vote for this," said Steve 
Maviglio, press secretary to Davis. 
-By Jason Leopold, Dow Jones Newswires; 323-658-3874; 
jason.leopold@dowjones.com 
I'm going to be at the Hyatt in Sac. tonight.  Could you send a hardcopy to 
me there?
Scott Govenar  	02/26/2001 06:09 PM
SBX 28 (Sher) relating to expedited siting, passed out of the Senate
Environmental Quality Committee, as amended, on a bi-partisan vote of
6-0.  I have the bulk of the amendments in hard copy only and can fax
them as requested.
John Neslage@_DEVELOPMENT
02/26/2001 06:23 PM
Attached below is a summary of Enron Power Marketing's Motion to Intervene in 
the Mirant v. CAISO proceeding before FERC.  Please let me know if you have 
any questions or comments.
Thanks
John
Michael Tribolet/ENRON@Xgate
02/26/2001 06:29 PM
- 163194.doc
Mary McCann@
10/14/99 06:53 PM
Thank you for your suggestions during our phone conversation the other day We took each into consideration when completing the "Condor Information" 
website.
As of this afternoon, the website is up and running.  You can access it at 
We are also planning to send the 
letter we discussed out beginning today.
If you have questions, please contact me.
Kind 
Mary M. McCann
Manager, Corporate Communications
Enron Wind Corp.
13000 Jameson Road
Tehachapi, CA  93561
Phone:  (661) 823-6732
Fax:  (661) 823-6464
E-Mail:  mmcann@
Website: www.wind.enron.com
The United Way kickoff is here!  The "Millionaire Game for Millions" will be 
played after the Employee Meeting this Wed. at the Hyatt.  A FREE lunch will 
be provided in the park after the game.  It will be a casual day and wear 
green to support the CORP. game show participants. 
I encourage you to click on the United Way web site to make a contribution Everyone that makes a contribution by COB Friday will be eligible for the 
Governmental Affairs raffle for BIG PRIZES 
While I encourage you to give generously, any amount is certainly helpful.  A 
weekly contribution of:
$1 provides 8 families with a week's work of food
$2 helps teach 5 adults to read, breaking the cycle of illiteracy
$5 provides 60 seniors with a nutritious meal and social interaction at a 
senior center
For example, last year UW in the Houston Gulf Coast area fed more than 
1,000,000 seniors; helped 42,000 children attend quality childcare; and 
provided job training to 45,000 people.  Through United Way's volunteer 
allocation committees, projects are funded and reviewed to ensure 
accountability.  It is an effective way to give back to our community 
Thanks for your support.
=09Jeff Dasovich
=09Sent by: Jeff Dasovich
=0902/26/2001 06:50 PM
=09=09=20
Greetings:
Please review the attached.  It's a summary I've put together of a very=20
lengthy analysis MRW did for us over the weekend.  I've also attached the=20
considerably lengthier MRW memo for those who'd like to see it.  The tables=20
included in the summary are pulled directly from the MRW memo.  The analysis=20
only addresses the utilities undercollection (i.e., solvency) and doesn't=20
address any additional increases that might result from DWR's buying=20
activities.
The Bottom Line
=06=15 By raising average rates 10% over a 10-year period, California could 1)=20
return the utilities to solvency, and 2) help close the  supply-demand gap by=20
providing customers with better price signals.
=06=15 California could achieve these goals under this new rate structure and at=20
the same time exclude one-third of residential  customers from any increases.=20
If California chose not to exclude any customers from the new rate structure,=20
California  would only need to raise average rates by about 8.8%.
=06=15 This level of increase is in line with increases enacted in other states=20
(e.g., Washington: 28-34%; Montana: 4.5-32%; Idaho:  6.0-24%; Nevada:=20
7-12.5%; New Mexico 12 
We'll need to look at it critically and try to shoot holes in it before going=20
public with the numbers as part of our broader effort, but it offers a=20
reasonable benchmark against which to judge alternatives (like spending the=20
kids lunch money on crumbling, broken down transmission systems).
Please provide feedback as soon as possible, and perhaps, Paul we conclude=20
the MRW work on the agenda for discussion on tomorrow's daily conference call.
Best,
Jeff
- Undercollection assessment final.doc
James D Steffes
02/27/2001 08:21 AM
I am forwarding some Wall Street comments from Kathryn Corbally related to 
the Transmission buyout 
Looks like they view it as very favorable - not a major hit against EPS tied 
to full recovery of remaining undercollection 
Not sure yet if they incorporate the going forward - maybe SCE doesn't want 
any merchant obligations?
Jim
Kathryn Corbally
02/26/2001 04:47 PM
Jim, Have sent you three notes that show some level of support to activity in 
California  
- its probably a little bias since there are a few reports out there that say 
quote the 'devil is in the details' and quote 
'the odds of bankruptcty remain in the 50% range 
Note1
09:42am EST 26-Feb-01 ABN AMRO Inc. (Ford,Daniel F. 212/258-1548) CPN DYN EIX 
One Down Two to Go
One Down Two to Go
ABN AMRO -- Research Notes
Analyst:  Daniel F. Ford, CFA  212/258-1548
Po Cheng, CFA  212/258-1709
Other News:
In other related news, on Friday (2/23) Edison announced that all of its banks
have agreed to extend their forbearance until March 14.
Note 2 
05:16pm EST 26-Feb-01 Goldman Sachs (NEWYORK) EIX PCG ACTION 
EIX agrees to deal in principle with Gov Davis.PCG still negotiating.Buy 
EIX 
Goldman, Sachs & Co. Investment Research
EIX agrees to deal in principle with Gov Davis.PCG still negotiating.Buy EI
*  On February 23, EIX and Governor Davis reached an agreement in principal
in which the state would agree to buy the transmission grid and allow
for recovery of a 'substantial portion' of unrecovered cost in return
for EIX refunding money from its parent to the utility and dropping
pending litigation.  This settlement appears to be a  reasonable 'shared
pain' scenario and is consistent with the 'buyout vs. bailout'
structure we have been anticipating. To be enacted the deal needs to be
finalized and approved by the EIX board and the California Legislature.
FERC also must approve the asset sale.
*  EIX agreed to sell a portion of its electric transmission system to the
state of California for $2.76 billion and transfer $420 million cash to
its utility subsidiary from the parent.  In return, the state would
allow EIX to recover a substantial portion of its under-collected power
costs and drop pending litigation in which the company is pursuing rate
hikes.  If approved by the EIX board and California legislature this
agreement, in concert with passage of ABX1-1, would eliminate the
overhang that has depressed EIX shares.
*  Although dependent on several factors, we believe the net impact on
earnings from the settlement will not be as high as the current EIX
stock price implies.  We believe post-settlement EPS in 2002 will likely
total at least $2.00/share, which supports a conservative valuation of
$20 share (10X '02 EPS, a 20% valuation discount to the peer group).
*  Also late last week, PCG issued a press release indicating they had met
with the Governor, had submitted proposals, and discussions were
ongoing.  With the framework already established for EIX, we expect a
PCG settlement could be announced in the near future. PCG's negotiating
flexibility is limited relative to EIX because their generation rates
are lower, their under-recovered balance is higher, and the potential
cash 'refund' from parent to subsidiary being requested by the
government is probably larger.
*  PCG's transmission system has a book value of roughly $1.5 billion.  At
2.3X book value, these assets could potentially be worth $3.5 billion.
Assuming a parent company to utility cash transfer proportional to the
one proposed for EIX, we estimate PCG would refund $780 million. PCG's
stock price also reflects an earnings impact more punitive than implied
by a settlement of this nature. We believe a deal like this would
support post-settlement EPS of at least $2.50/share which supports a
conservative valuation of $25/share (10X '02 eps, a 20% valuation
discount to the peer group).
*  Because EIX has a 'deal in principle' the stock is trading at a premium
to PCG despite having lower potential 2002 earnings power. Those
investors who believe PCG will strike a deal that is similar in
structure and proportional to EIX's settlement should purchase PCG over
EIX at this juncture.
NOTE 3
09:17am EST 26-Feb-01 Merrill Lynch (S.Fleishman (1) 212 449-0926) EIX PCG 
UTILITIES-ELECTRIC:California: One Goes Forward, But Need All Three
ML++ML++ML     Merrill Lynch Global Securities Research     ML++ML++ML
UTILITIES - ELECTRIC 
California: One Goes Forward, But Need All Three
Steven I. Fleishman (1) 212 449-0926
Reason for Report:  Governor reaches preliminary agreement with Edison; PG&E 
up
in the air; Need all 3 utilities to move forward
Investment Highlights:
o    On Friday, Governor Davis announced a preliminary agreement with Edison
International (EIX; D-2-2-9; $14.69) on a financial resuscitation plan.  The
plan follows the basic framework previously outlined by the Governor.
o    The state will purchase Edison's transmission assets for $2.76B, or 2.3x
book value.  This would help pay off some of Edison's net $4.1B of
undercollections (a number agreed upon with the Gov.)  The remainder will be
recovered through a bond financing tied to a dedicated rate component to be
carved-out of Edison's rates.
o    In exchange, Edison will agree to: 1) Drop the lawsuit against the PUC, 
2)
Invest $420M back into the utility from the parent, representing tax
overcollections , and 3) Sell power from its hydro and nuclear assets at cost-
based rates for the next 10 years.  Edison also agreed to sell power from its
unregulated Sunrise plant, currently under construction, at cost-based rates
for 10 years.
o    A number of uncertainties remain in Edison's deal, and it is still
preliminary.  The exact terms and language will be very important, 
particularly
given the need to issue securitization bonds.  It is impossible to provide
exact earnings guidance based on this deal, but the only loss of earnings 
power
would appear to come from lost transmission earnings (-$0.20-$0.25/share) and
potentially lower generation earnings depending on the terms of cost-based
rates.
o    This is a significant step forward for Edison and the resolution of the 
CA
power credit crisis.  However, it could be for naught if the other utilities
cannot work out deals.  We believe Sempra Energy (SRE; B-2-1-7; $22.10) is
relatively close, but PG&E's (PCG; D-2-2-9, $13.70) talks were flailing last
week.  We continue to see little chance that this plan can move forward and
pass through the legislature unless all the utilities are on board.
o    We believe PG&E is willing to work a deal within this framework However,
the simple problem is that PCG's undercollection numbers are much bigger.  At
YE 2000, PCG's net undercollection was more than $5B and we believe this may
have reached $7B by the end of January.  Selling the transmission for 2.3x 
book
would provide only $3.5B, leaving the other half to be recovered though the
dedicated rate component/securitization.  It may be that the only way the
numbers can work is with a rate increase.
Despite the significant hurdles that remain, we believe the momentum toward a
constructive outcome is improving.  To that end, we maintain our Accumulate
ratings on EIX and PCG for high rate accounts.
James D Steffes
02/27/2001 08:30 AM
FYI.  Here are letters Enron (Steve Kean) sent to US Senators about real 
solutions for California.  The Feinstein / Murkowski letters are very good 
overviews of our recommendations on what to do and what not to do.
Jim
Maureen McVicker
02/26/2001 05:27 PM
Attached are the letters sent to Senators Wyden, Feinstein & Murkowski.
Michael Tribolet/ENRON@Xgate
02/27/2001 09:41 AM
The proposed purchase of the PGE and SCE's transmission grids have vastly 
different short term liquidity effects for PGE and SCE.   If the current 
proposal is at 2.3x book, and assuming the first mortgage bond holders want 
complete repayment in return for releasing their liens, the numbers (at 
12-99) fall out:
in millions                   PGE        SCE
Book Value                    1.43       1.90
Multiple of Book              2.3x       2.3x
Cash Price                   $3.29      $4.37
-First Mortgage Bonds        $3.35      $1.18
Resulting liquidity         ($0.06)     $3.19
Note that the first mortgage holders may release their liens in return for 
partial payment based on remaining value.  Nonetheless, PGE's situation is 
not as flexible.
Scott Govenar  	02/27/2001 01:52 PM
Attached, please find two proposed documents from Ken Smith for review
and comment:
- 39 billion dollar fix.rtf
- Constructive plan.rtf
James D Steffes
02/27/2001 02:15 PM
Here are the facts to be converted into Talking Points / Facts Sheet for CA 
TEAM.
Thanks,
Jim
Mary Schoen
02/22/2001 02:55 PM
Attached is a memo comparing the CEC's forecasted supply and a more realistic 
look at what additional resources might be available this summer.
The bottom line is that:
1.  The CEC significantly underestimates the outages that may occur this 
summer.  They estimate in their 5,000 MW supply deficit for the summer that 
expected outages will be around 3,000MW.  However, November and December saw 
significantly higher outage levels.  (7,265 MWs) The FERC has investigated 
these outages and found no improprieties- just that the plants are overtaxed 
from running at higher than normal capacities.
2.  There are a lot of uncertainties surrounding the 1,244 MWs of projected 
supply from rerating/restarting existing thermal and renewable projects.  It 
is very unclear how much of this will be able to come on line by this summer, 
if at all.  As evidenced by the e-mail I sent out this morning, local 
communities may be very opposed to restarting shut down units.  In addition, 
these units are likely to be uneconomical.
3.  In the existing resource pool, there are roughly 1,430 MWs of peaking or 
other generation units that are running up against their operating hour 
limitations from air quality regulations.  The Governor has ordered the local 
air quality districts to address these restrictions,  We are beginning to 
seem some movement; however, the US EPA has yet to weigh in on these relaxed 
standards.
4.  The distributed generation/back-up generation capacity to make up some of 
the shortfall is still an unknown.  While there has been some relaxing of the 
limitations on run hours for back-up generation at "essential public 
services" the increase in DG is expected from "clean" sources, not diesel 
emergency generators.
5.  The CEC is doing everything it can to get 50+ MW peaking units on-line by 
this summer.  They are promising a 21-day permit application approval process 
and are offering to pay half of the cost of offsets, for "clean" sources of 
generation in critical areas.
Please let me know if you have any questions or need additional information.
CEC's Summer Forecasted Peak Demand - Resource Balance:
List of Peakers running into their operating hour limitations:
Also available in hard copy format only:
(please e-mail me your fax number if you'd like a copy)
Table 1:  Fully Executed CA ISO Summer Reliability Agreements (the ISO 
Peaking Facilities)
Table 2:  Summer 2001 Supply Options - Renewables Construction Status Summary
Table 3:  Summer 2001 Supply Options - Rerate of Non-CEC Projects
Table 4:  Summer 2001 Supply Options - CEC Rerate Status Summary
Table 5:  Idle Biomass Plants Potentially Capable of Restart
Mary Schoen
Environmental Strategies
Enron Corp
713-345-7422
James D Steffes
02/27/2001 02:41 PM
The following items are available or being produced by Enron resources to 
support the on-going activities related to California.  If I've missed 
anything, let me know.
When anyone needs new material, please feel free to contact John Neslage.
John Neslage will keep the material and should be apprised of any new 
material.  John's number is 713-853-6827.
Thanks,
Jim
READY TO GO
Steve Kean Letter to Sen. Feinstein  RE:  California Status 
Steve Kean Letter to Sen. Wyden RE:  Information Release
Enron Fixes for California (attached CERA Highlights on California Crisis
IN PRODUCTION
One Page Fact Sheet - Buy Books, Not the Grid
One Page Fact Sheet - Enron's Opposition to Cal ISO Takeover by California 
Politicans (Mirant v. ISO)
One Page Fact Sheet - How Big a Blackout for Summer 2002?
One Page Fact Sheet - Enron's Global Solution
EPA Package - Necessary Fixes to Increase Supply
James D Steffes
02/27/2001 05:25 PM
Michael Tribolet held a conference call this evening to discuss Enron Wind's 
legal obligations given SCE's non-payment.  In general, given the legal 
structure of Enron Wind, some action may be required from a partnership 
perspective.
The key next step is action on SB47 - Interim Short-Term Avoided Cost 
Methodology.  Enron Wind is unlikely to take any action if real progress is 
made by this Friday.  If not, a different action plan will occur.   This may 
change if other renewable QFs sue (for instance FP&L - who has retained 
counsel but don't want to be the first to take action).
They will begin to draft some pleadings to prepare for legal action (in case 
this is necessary 
Michael Tribolet is on point to hear if EWC takes any action and we should be 
apprised before they move.
Jim
Mary Schoen
02/27/2001 06:54 PM
Steve - We were hoping to provide a chart that plotted out the NOx emissions 
from existing fossil fuel generation vs, new cleaner generation.  This chart 
is not quite there.  However, it is a rough aggregate of the NOx generated by 
all of the existing fossil fuel generation over 50 MW in CA.  The data points 
were gathered from the EPA's Acid Rain CEMs (continuous emissions monitoring) 
database.  (I am working on a chart that's message is more clear.) As you 
will see, existing generation is significantly dirtier than what new, 
combined cycle plants would be.  In fact, of the utility units in CA 
reporting under Title IV, there are a number of steam plants with NOx 
emissions of 0.1 lb/MMBtu or in some cases more.  This corresponds to about 1 
lb NOx/MWh compared to 0.056 lb/MWh for a new gas combined cycle plant.  Even 
the cleaner boilers that are at 0.05 lb/MMBtu are 10 times higher than the 
new plants on an output basis 
In otherwords, Dave Parquet is right that there is a lot of more polluting 
generation on line, while new plants have to meet ever tighter BACT 
requirements.
In the most recent version of SB 28 it looks like there are a lot of 
provisions focusing on the retrofitting of existing generation.  I suspect, 
the regulators are well aware of the discrepancies in emissions and would 
argue that the plants are going to have to clean up in the very near future I am digging for more information on these timelines.
Gus, Marc, and I felt like the main short term fixes/solutions would be:
1.  Expanding the hours of operations for back-up generators.  (As I have 
previously stated, some of the local air districts have increased the 
permitted run hours for emergency generators from 200 to 500 at only 
"essential public services 
2.  CA requiring offsetting of emissions at only the ratios required by 
Federal regulations.  In many cases state requirements are more stringent.
3.  The EPA allowing the concept of the pollution mitigation bank - it is 
really going to be an issue of timing - once the CA government has the funds 
to start acquiring offsets they will be able to provide them prior to the 
operation of a new generation facility, However, there is going to be some 
initial lag time where the offsets aren't in the hands of the generation 
operators (which goes against the requirements of the Clean Air Act).
4.  The Feds working with the state and local permitters to create alternate 
sources of emission offsets.  There simply aren't enough in all the air 
districts.  As I stated, in my previous memo the USEPA has allowed, under the 
NOx SIP call, emissions allowances to be given to renewable and energy 
efficiency projects. CA is going to need guidance from the USEPA in how to 
create and count alternate sources of offsets in nonattainment areas.
5.  The USEPA better defining the nonattainment air sheds and pollution 
transportation pathways.  Apparently, there is not a central model of the air 
patterns in CA.  Thus, the 35 local air districts all having different 
requirements about inter-district offsets.
However, the real issues as Dave alluded to in his memo are going to require 
modifications to the Clean Air Act.  It is pretty prescriptive about what can 
and can't be done, and there is not a whole lot of flexibility 
Let me know if anything in here is not clear.  I'm working on refining the 
data and presentation of the data.
Mary Schoen
Environmental Strategies
Enron Corp
713-345-7422
Scott Govenar  	02/27/2001 07:58 PM
We met with the legislator who is in charge of the Summer 2001
subcommittee today to discuss Enron's buy down proposal.  Dave Freeman
had discussed the idea with her previously, however, his version
required that the contract be for a pre-arranged price, based on the
notice you were given presumably by the ISO, i.e. 24 hours = x, 12 hours
= y, etc.  Consequently, her concern with our proposal was the
uncertainty of allowing customers to choose whether or not they want to
shut down based on price versus requiring them to shut down to meet
demand, i.e. a modified interruptable.
She requested that we provide her with information about existing buy
down programs and their successes.
As you have probably observed, power markets have been severely tested this 
summer.  There are many underlying causes (demand growth driven by a strong 
economy, failure of regulators to quickly grant applications for new 
generation, inadequate access to the grid, rate regulation which continues to 
insulate end users from real time price signals, etc.).  But, the soundbite 
on these troubles has been that deregulation has led to problems on the 
grid.  The knee jerk policy response has been price caps and other threats of 
re-regulation.
At the upcoming advisory council meeting, Ken and I were hoping that the two 
of you could discuss the issue and help put it in perspective:
How great of a threat is re-regulation.
How might we respond.
How likely is this issue to play a significant role in election politics?
James D Steffes
02/28/2001 07:54 AM
While we don't need to do any lobbying on this bill, if anyone hears any 
information about chances for success it would be good to get the info to 
me.  Enron Wind has an interest in seeing this bill move forward.
Thanks,
Jim
Alan Comnes@ECT
02/27/2001 10:32 PM
Despite the fact the bill, by itself, does not guarantee payment for overdue 
receivables, the QFs on today's call decided to go forward and push for SBX 
47 irrespective of the progress on SBX 33.  A press conference is planned for 
Friday by IEP.  Bowen, who heads up the first committee that this bill will 
go through will have hearings on this bill on Tuesday at the earliest.
Jan S-J asked every QF to fax to IEP a description of all QF generation and 
the zip code of each project so that they can begin lobbying specific 
legislators.  A significant PR push is planned.
SBX 47 is opposed by SCE.  PG&E's position appears more ambivalent.  One 
angle would be to try to get PG&E to support Enron's swap/SC language and 
make inclusion of such language a condition of PG&E's support.
GAC
Miyung Buster@_DEVELOPMENT
02/28/2001 10:02 AM
Please see the following articles:
Governor Renews Criticism of Regulators 
LA Times, 2/28/2001
Energy Crisis Fails to Hamper Selling of California Bonds 
LA Times, 2/28/2001
Energy Crisis Is a Benefit to Redding
SF Chronicle, 2/28/2001
Davis: Power-crisis fixes almost finished 
Sac Bee, 2/28/2001
Davis passed up Duke Energy's deals
Contra Costa Times, 2/28/2001
Davis fights for backing, takes state plan to D.C. 
San Diego Union Tribune, 2/27/2001
Duke Energy Suspends Suits Vs. Calif. 
AP, IndividualNews.com, 2/28/2001
Calif. Optimistic About Power Line 
AP, IndividualNews.com, 2/28/2001
Wednesday, February 28, 2001 
Governor Renews Criticism of Regulators 
Power: The governor implies that the panel is too ideological. Its approval 
is needed if California is to purchase the electricity transmission grid. 
By DAN MORAIN and NANCY VOGEL, Times Staff Writers 
?????WASHINGTON--Gov. Gray Davis, trying to win support for California's plan 
to buy a huge stretch of the state's electrical transmission system, took a 
swipe Tuesday at the federal commission that must bless such a deal.
?????Davis noted that President Bush has an opportunity to fill two vacancies 
on the five-member Federal Energy Regulatory Commission and will determine 
its chairman.
?????"It is my hope," Davis said, "that whoever the president chooses is a 
practical businessman or woman who lives in the real world and understands 
that when you inherit a mess, your job is to fix it, right the ship and move 
forward--as opposed to being a rigid adherent to ideology."
?????Earlier this year, Bush appointed Curt Hebert Jr., a strong free-market 
proponent who has served on the commission since 1999, as chairman. But he 
can change that appointment.
?????Hebert, a 38-year-old attorney and former Mississippi lawmaker, has said 
Davis' plan to have California buy 32,000 miles of high-tension power lines 
from the state's ailing utilities would amount to "nationalization" and might 
not be in the public interest.
?????The commission has been a strong advocate of electricity deregulation 
and, in addition to the dispute over purchase of the power grid, Davis has 
criticized its members for refusing to impose limits on soaring wholesale 
power prices, which bled California utilities of billions of dollars in the 
last nine months.
?????"We have practical problems we have to solve," he said, citing the 
billions of dollars the utilities owe power generators and banks. "My hope is 
that [Bush] places people on the FERC who understand real-world 
considerations."
?????Hebert could not be reached for comment Tuesday. The commission's two 
other members, William L. Massey and Linda K. Breathitt, Democrats appointed 
by former President Bill Clinton, were also unavailable. There are two 
vacancies on the panel.
?????Davis spoke after conferring for 30 minutes with U.S. Energy Secretary 
Spencer Abraham about the state's proposal to help the financially ailing 
utilities by purchasing the power grid. He presented Abraham with a nine-page 
memo detailing the plan and said the energy secretary would probably give him 
his views on the plan by the end of the week.
?????Last week, the governor struck a tentative deal with Southern California 
Edison to buy its portion of the grid for $2.76 billion, more than twice the 
book value. He is working on similar deals with Pacific Gas & Electric and 
San Diego Gas & Electric. Utilities could use money from the sale to 
restructure their multibillion-dollar debt.
?????Although Abraham has no direct authority over the energy commission, he 
presumably holds influence with Bush, and Davis came away from their 
conversation buoyed.
?????"If he would endorse the plan," Davis said, "that would be a leg up in 
getting FERC's approval. . . . I hope by the end of the week he will be able 
to endorse the proposal or at least endorse a modified proposal that is 
satisfactory to us.
?????"Believe me," Davis said, "I've been in enough meetings to know when 
someone is trying to be helpful and when someone is not. [Abraham] is trying 
to be helpful. He wants this problem solved, and . . . I believe he will 
support our proposal to get Southern California Edison back into the energy 
business."
?????Under federal law, the energy commission would have to approve 
California's purchase of the steel towers and aluminum wires of its three 
biggest private utilities. The commission could scuttle the purchase if it 
determined that state ownership would harm the public interest--a legal 
standard that gives the agency much discretion.
?????Walter Ferguson, Hebert's chief of staff, said Tuesday that Davis' plan 
would get close scrutiny.
?????"Sure, we have to be open-minded, but I'm skeptical as to how this 
helps," he said. "How does this solve the supply issue? How does this impact 
the region? Those two questions have got to be answered, because you don't 
want to make the problem worse."
?????California's proposal runs counter to the commission's 2-year-old push 
to have transmission grids operate on a wide regional scale without heed to 
political boundaries. In some parts of the Midwest and South, private 
companies have proposed operating transmission systems for profit--a trend 
endorsed by Hebert.
?????"I assume Hebert is going to be unenthusiastic, probably very 
unenthusiastic [about California's proposal]," said Richard Pierce, a George 
Washington University law professor who has observed the commission for 
decades.
?????"Nobody at FERC is going to be real happy about a state trying to take 
away from FERC jurisdiction over a large portion of a transmission grid," he 
said. "I can't imagine any commissioner will like that. So what we're talking 
about is the intensity of their dislike and whether it will be so great 
they'll say, 'No, we won't approve it ?????Consumer advocates and state Senate leader John Burton (D-San Francisco) 
have endorsed state purchase of the transmission grid as a way to get 
California out from under some federal oversight. Ownership would, for 
example, allow the state to set the transmission fees that electricity 
consumers pay. Those fees now amount to about 6% of the average utility 
customer's monthly bill and are overseen by the energy commission.
?????Burton has also argued that state ownership would give California 
greater control over its own destiny should federal officials try to force 
the West to manage its interconnected grid under a single agency.
?????Federal rules already prohibit transmission grid owners from 
discriminating, through fees or rules, against the generators and marketers 
that use their lines like highways to move electricity from power plants to 
buyers.
?????Davis, in trying to win support for state purchase of the grid, has not 
focused on the freedom from federal regulators California might gain. 
Instead, he has treated the idea as a key part of a financial transaction 
necessary to revitalize debt-ridden utilities.
?????Davis said he expects that California would operate the transmission 
system within federal restrictions.
?????"I am not looking forward to any additional regulatory burdens from 
FERC," Davis said. "Obviously, we will meet the existing regulatory burden 
that we have."
?????Whether the commission will approve a state purchase of the grid and how 
long it will take to reach a decision are unknown, Edison International Chief 
Financial Officer Ted Craver told debt holders Tuesday in a conference call. 
He characterized Hebert's recent public statements on the matter as "cryptic."
?????A decision by FERC on sale of the grid could take "many months according to research released Tuesday by Fitch Inc., a credit-rating firm.
?????Fitch called the tentative agreement between Edison and the state "a 
favorable step to avoid bankruptcy," but noted that several hurdles remain, 
chiefly approval by the state Legislature and the federal commission.
?????State Sen. Steve Peace (D-El Cajon) said that if the commission rejects 
California's purchase of transmission lines, the state should simply condemn 
the property.
?????"It was President Bush who told Gov. Davis that California should solve 
this," said Peace. "Gov. Davis is doing so. Certainly President Bush would 
expect the governor to use every tool at his disposal to solve it."
?????Times staff writers Richard Simon in Washington and Nancy Rivera Brooks 
in Los Angeles contributed to this story. 
Wednesday, February 28, 2001 
Energy Crisis Fails to Hamper Selling of California Bonds 
By MIGUEL BUSTILLO, Times Staff Writer 
?????The energy crisis is apparently not affecting California's ability to 
finance its debt.
?????California successfully sold $982 million in bonds Tuesday to provide 
funds for a variety of construction projects and already approved ballot 
measures, including last year's $2.1-billion parks bond.
?????Most of the sale, $600 million, represents new funding, while the 
remainder will be used to refinance older bonds at current, more favorable 
interest rates.
?????The general obligation bonds, overseen by state Treasurer Phil 
Angelides, will have a 4.8% rate of interest--which is actually lower than 
the last few general obligation bonds issued before the energy crisis.
?????A day before the sale, Wall Street credit-rating firm Fitch IBCA blessed 
the bond issue with a favorable AA credit rating, and reaffirmed its AA 
rating for the state's $22.6 billion in outstanding bond debt. The two other 
major rating agencies, Standard & Poor's and Moody's, rated the bonds Aa2 and 
AA, respectively.
?????In releasing its rating, Fitch analysts concluded that, although the 
energy crisis is taking a substantial toll on California's budget reserves, 
that money will eventually be repaid through a $10-billion bond issue that 
will be paid off by utility ratepayers.
?????Moreover, Fitch concluded, the state's per-capita debt of $787 is 
moderate compared with that of other states--and the California economy has 
yet to show any signs of being significantly affected by the crisis.
?????"In anything that's tangible--tax receipts, employment information--we 
have yet to see a real effect," said Fitch vice chair Claire G. Cohen.
BUSINESS 
Energy Crisis Is a Benefit to Redding
George Raine
? 
02/28/2001 
The San Francisco Chronicle 
FINAL 
Page C1 
High energy prices can create strange bedfellows. 
Just ask Morpheus Lights Inc., a powerhouse in the entertainment industry 
that has provided the lighting for the Academy Awards as well as the concerts 
of Bruce Springsteen, Shania Twain, Metallica, and Ringo Starr and his All 
Star Band. 
A fixture in Santa Clara County, the company shifted its operations three 
years ago 225 miles north of San Francisco to Redding, a city resting 
comfortably between the Cascades and the Trinity Alps that is known more for 
its Pendleton shirts and wily trout. 
The move has paid off handsomely. This city of about 78,000 has escaped the 
energy deregulation crisis that is roiling California and is, in fact, a 
seller of surplus power. 
That's good news to Morpheus, which consumes some 25,000 kilowatts a month to 
test and manufacture huge performance lighting pieces like its BriteBurst, 
which has enough power to light 3Com Park and was used in the 2000 Super Bowl 
halftime festivities. 
Morpheus is one of several success stories touted by the Economic Development 
Corporation of Shasta County, which is attempting to sell businesses on an 
outdoorsy quality of life in Redding, through which the Sacramento River 
meanders and where labor is plentiful and costs are low. 
But there's much more, the pitch goes: Redding is a unique electrical island 
unto itself, with its own electric utility and ample surplus power to sell this while investor-owned utilities mull bankruptcy and the lights and the 
patience of business owners flicker in much of the rest of California Other states and regions of the country have initiated economic development 
campaigns to capitalize on California 's misfortune, seeking to lure 
businesses disgruntled by the energy crisis. 
But as much or more aggressive efforts are now being developed within 
California to convince businesses they don't need to leave because there are 
sanctuaries of electrical stability. 
NONPROFIT LOCAL UTILITY 
Redding has owned and operated its nonprofit electric utility since 1921. The 
utility purchases significant amounts of its energy from the federally 
operated Central Valley Project, through the Bonneville Power Administration 
in the Northwest, and it generates energy at its own gas-fired power plant. 
In fact, Redding Electric Utility (REU) has made so much money selling 
surplus power that it expects to pay off its debt a year from now, two years 
earlier than originally expected. 
"We are a utility that has resources in excess of our needs and that's a nice 
place to be," said Jim Feider, director of the REU. 
Several months before most Californians knew a long-term energy crisis 
loomed, the Economic Development Corporation of Shasta County, which seeks to 
attract business and the wealth it generates, began to aggressively pursue 
small and midsize Bay Area manufacturing businesses looking to expand and 
relocate. 
There is a lot of ground to make up in Shasta County, said Jim Zauher, the 
EDC president. In 1970, 19 percent of the county's workforce was in 
manufacturing and most of that was in the timber industry, which then 
tumbled. 
Since then, 4,000 jobs have been lost, and manufacturing is at 7 percent. 
That figure has been stabilized, with 1,270 new jobs in the past four years. 
The EDC has set a goal for the next five years of 1,500 jobs at $15 per hour. 
In the Shasta County-area workforce of 84,000 (71,600 in Shasta and another 
12,400 in Tehama County), a consultant's survey has identified 18,000 
underemployed workers who have the skills, education and experience that 
qualify them for a better job, said Zauher. 
Two weeks ago, the Shasta County EDC retained a Silicon Valley insider, Bill 
Haerle, former vice president for government relations and national accounts 
at the American Electronics Association, and former MCI executive, as a 
consultant. The EDC wants Haerle to create access to "low-tech" or "mid-tech" 
manufacturers. 
"First, a company has to decide the threshold question, whether it can 
operate in the greater Redding area. Then they look at the cost of doing 
business and a large component of that is a reliable source of reasonable 
energy. The third is the labor pool," said Haerle. 
STAYING IN STATE 
"Shasta County offers a solution without leaving the state. But this is a 
highly sensitive issue and we don't want to appear to be poaching," he said. 
"We are looking for smaller companies that could flourish in the greater 
Redding area Haerle has yet to reel in a company, but the path has been cleared by 
Morpheus Lights, which moved up nearly three years ago, and a handful of 
other small and midsize businesses in the past year. 
In addition to energy savings, Morpheus has seen other dividends. The 
lighting company, which was paying $1.55 a square foot for space in Santa 
Clara, pays approximately 25 cents per square foot in Redding. This enabled 
the company to move from a 30,000-square-foot space in Santa Clara to one 
with 42,000 square feet in Redding. 
The extra space enables concert tour stage and lighting designers to conduct 
rehearsals with the computerized systems at the Redding site, said Dan 
English, Morpheus' vice president of operations. 
"We can be anywhere, as long as it's close to a major freeway, because the 
equipment travels by truck. There's I-5," said English. 
Nearby, Knauf Fiber Glass of Shelbyville, Ind., a leading U.S. manufacturer 
of thermal and acoustical fiber-glass insulations, is building a $140 million 
plant in Shasta Lake City. Some 2,000 people have applied for the plant's 150 
jobs. 
Shasta Lake City, too, has its own utility but does not generate power. It 
buys power from the federal government and also contracts with Enron for 
supplemental needs, and is negotiating for more to ensure a 24-hour operation 
for Knauf. 
Redding's energy situation is enviable. The REU reaches its demand peak at 
215 megawatts in the summer, when its has access to between 285 and 300 
megawatts, said director Feider. The excess is sold. 
SELF-SUFFICIENCY GOAL 
In the early 1990s, REU made a strategic decision to make costly capital 
expenditures so that it could be more self-sufficent instead of being subject 
to market conditions, said Feider. 
When the electricity deregulation bill was signed in 1996, REU worried that 
with its debt of $300 million from those improvements it would be at risk in 
a competitive environment. As a result, it decided in 1997 to eliminate it 
with a controversial 23 percent surcharge on customer bills. 
The rates went from 8 cents a kilowatt hour to 10 cents, and the plan in 1997 
was for the surcharge to continue through 2004. But Redding has prospered in 
the surplus power market and now expects to eliminate the surcharge in early 
2002. 
Now, if everything goes according to form, the district could see a return to 
a rate of 8 cents, said Feider. 
Kevin Risse moved his Risse Racing, a high-end bicycle component 
manufacturer, from Sunnyvale in June 2000. "We came up and heard the spiel 
and power was one thing and, in hindsight, it turned out to be pretty 
important," said Risse. 
In Sunnyvale, his PG&E bill was $2,000 a month. In Redding, he pays from $800 
to $1,000 monthly. Risse moved from a 4,000-square- foot space to an 
8,000-square-foot building and cut his rent by more than half. It fell from 
$1 per square foot to 35 cents, said Risse, whose company builds bicycle 
shock absorbers and forks. 
"There are things we miss about the Bay Area, culturally, but, at the same 
time, I lived in Redwood City and sometimes it was a 20- minute commute and 
sometimes one hour and 20 minutes," he said. 
"There are people who worked for me with rents going up and they are caught 
in a loop and there's nothing they can do. But now they're paying $400 a 
month in Redding rather than $1,000 in the Bay Area Chris King Precision Components, also a maker of sophisticated bicycle 
components, was synonymous with Santa Barbara for 25 years, but the tight 
labor market and cost of living for blue-color workers no longer made 
economic sense, said King, who now employes 60 people in Redding. 
King said that in 1996, he placed an ad for an assembly worker and got 50 
applications. In 1999, he placed the same ad and got one application. "The 
labor market was strangling us," he said. 
In Redding, he received 2,000 applications for jobs at his plant, where he 
will employ about 100 this summer. "But there is a lot of chaff in this 
area," he said of the labor pool. "It's a low-cost area that has 
traditionally gone boom and bust, mostly bust," said King. 
King said he is confident he can maintain a blue-collar workforce adequate to 
the test of manufacturing what he described as the "Rolls Royce" standard in 
the bicycle industry. However, he said he has concerns about his ability to 
attract higher-paid designers with degrees in mechanical engineering. 
"You can go skiing in 45 minutes, and the environmental part of the equation 
is pretty incredible," King said of the Shasta County area. "But there's no 
foreign film theater here, no culture. There's middle-class shopping, and you 
need to entertain executive people or engineers or creative people. Unless 
they like fishing 
PHOTO (2); Caption: (1) Dan English and Lisa Pendegrast displayed some of 
their lights for rock 'n' roll concerts inside the Morpheus Lights testing 
facility in Redding, (2) Chris King, who moved his bicycle component plant to 
Shasta County a year ago, said he's happy he made the move after learning 
that his old site in Santa Barbara was experiencing rolling blackouts. / John 
Storey/The Chronicle 
Davis: Power-crisis fixes almost finished 
By David Whitney
Bee Washington Bureau
(Published Feb. 28, 2001) 
WASHINGTON -- California Gov. Gray Davis said Tuesday the state is two weeks 
to a month away from completing all the "legislative fixes" to its 
electricity crisis, and that with "a little luck and a lot of conservation" 
he hopes to avoid power blackouts this summer when demand is at its peak. 
"I see light at the end of the tunnel and it's not a train," Davis said 
during a luncheon speech before the California State Society. "It is the 
lights staying on in the state." But the governor, who spent much of his time 
here at the National Governors Association's winter meeting fending off 
questions about the state's power situation, left for New York City on 
Tuesday afternoon without any firm endorsements from the Bush administration. 
And despite his rosy recap of his administration's progress, he acknowledged 
that difficult work remains before deals can be reached to revive 
cash-starved utilities teetering on bankruptcy, particularly Pacific Gas and 
Electric Co. 
Davis said that he thought he might have an agreement soon -- perhaps by the 
end of the week -- with Southern California Edison permitting it to sell 
revenue bonds to repay debts to power wholesalers in exchange for state 
acquisition of their electric transmission lines. 
"PG&E is taking a little longer," the governor said. "Its debt is two times 
as big. It's a little more complicated situation -- two, three four weeks at 
the outside and we'll have PG&E worked out PG&E declined to comment on the governor's timetable, but spokesman John 
Nelson confirmed that company officials will take part in talks with the 
Governor's Office this week. 
Deals to take over the utilities' power lines would put the state in the 
electricity transmission business, even though it's intention is to lease the 
day-to-day operations back to the utilities. But Davis said the deals would 
complete "all the legislative fixes" and put the state on course toward 
stabilizing supplies and price. 
"Does this mean we are home free and don't have to worry about anything?" the 
governor said. "No, but it means we are basically on the downside of the 
problem Striking deals with the utilities is not the only remaining problem, however. 
State purchase of the transmission lines would require approval by the 
Federal Energy Regulatory Commission. 
Davis was scouting for help Tuesday from Energy Secretary Spencer Abraham on 
that front. 
In a brief meeting with reporters, Davis described Abraham as "open" to the 
transmission line purchase. Davis said he presented the secretary with a 
nine-page memo on the Southern California Edison transaction, and Abraham 
said he'd review it and get back to the governor by the end of the week. 
"If he would endorse the plan, that would be a big leg up in terms of getting 
the FERC's approval," Davis said, even though Abraham cannot simply order the 
FERC to approve the deal. "I hope by the end of the week he'll be able to 
endorse the proposal or at least endorse a modified proposal that is 
satisfactory to us In his speech to the California State Society, an organization of 
Californians who live and work in the Washington area, Davis said the state 
is on course to add new generating plants over three years so that supply 
exceeds demand. 
But to make it through the summer, Californians are going to have to work 
hard to reduce consumption, he said. Residences are being asked to curb usage 
by 10 percent, and mechanisms are in place to squeeze similar savings from 
industries and commercial buildings through mandatory curtailments and cash 
incentives. 
"We are practicing what we preach," Davis said. 
He said his wife has turned down the thermostat in their home to 55 degrees. 
"I go to bed with a heavy sweat shirt on, sweat pants, three blankets and a 
comforter," Davis said. "Going to the kitchen is like going to Antarctica. My 
office is so dark at night you could develop film in it Davis meets today with analysts on Wall Street, where he will carry forward 
the same message he delivered Tuesday -- that California is on the road to 
energy self-sufficiency. 
"We'll have utilities back in business paying their bills," he said. "We'll 
have long-term contracts for power at greatly reduced prices. We'll have a 
very aggressive conservation program. And we'll have a public power authority 
not unlike New York, the state of Washington and Tennessee Bee staff writer Carrie Peyton contributed to this report.
Published Wednesday, February 28, 2001 
Davis passed up Duke Energy's deals
The supplier's offers last summer could have helped avoid blackouts this year 
By Mike Taugher
TIMES STAFF WRITER 
As the California energy crisis was beginning to brew last summer, one of the 
state's largest electricity suppliers made Gov. Gray Davis a pair of offers 
to smooth the state's energy convulsions. 
Looking back, the governor may be regretting that he dismissed the proposals. 
Duke Energy said it could sell enough electricity for 2 million homes for 
five years at what is now considered a very low price of $50 per 
megawatt-hour. 
And Duke said that if the governor helped speed up permits, the company could 
build enough new portable units to power an additional 500,000 homes. 
Those offers embodied what has become two of the governor's top strategies in 
dealing with the crisis -- stabilizing the price of electricity through 
relatively long-term commitments and boosting generation to avoid blackouts 
this summer. 
As it was, though, Duke spokesman Tom Williams said his company never 
In hindsight, Davis' inaction could prove costly. The governor's campaign to 
enter into long-term deals for electricity has produced just a handful of 
modest contracts, and there is some doubt that the governor's goal to speed 
up construction of small portable power plants to power millions of homes 
will be reached by summer. 
"We're pleased he's got that sense of urgency," Williams said. "We displayed 
that sense of urgency on July 31 Davis spokesman Steve Maviglio said at the time the offer was made, Duke's 
proposal was expensive and there was uncertainty about how the energy crisis 
would take shape. In hindsight, the Duke proposal "seems like the deal of the 
century today," Maviglio said. "The question is, where's that offer today? 
... They're not at the table now with a reasonable offer Had the governor decided to help Duke get permits for the new "peaker 
plants," he could already be halfway to his goal of getting 1,000 megawatts 
worth of new peaker plants by this summer. 
Now, however, Duke says its offers are off the table. The units the company 
would have used in California are now committed to the Midwest, and Duke has 
become hesitant to invest more money in a state where it has more than $400 
million in uncollected power bills from the state's utilities, according to 
Williams. 
Moreover, Williams and others said it would be difficult for energy companies 
to meet Davis' goal of 1,000 megawatts from new peaker power plants by summer 
because, even under a new speedy permitting process announced by Davis three 
weeks ago, it still can take months to line up equipment and get it 
constructed and on line. 
The dilemma for California this summer shapes up like this: various estimates 
predict that the amount of electricity that will be available will fall short 
of demand by 5,000 megawatts to nearly 7,000 megawatts, or enough electricity 
to power 5 million to 7 million homes. 
Davis has called for enough conservation to cut demand by 3,700 megawatts and 
has unveiled initiatives he hopes will boost generation by 5,000 megawatts. 
If successful, that would be enough to avoid rolling blackouts this summer, 
according to state energy officials. 
Nearly half of the new generation sought by Davis would come from peaker 
plants, including 1,000 megawatts of new peaker plants that the governor 
wants to attract to the state and another 1,300 megawatts from peaker plants 
to be built by energy firms that have signed contracts with the California 
Independent System Operator. 
There is uncertainty on both counts. The Department of Water Resources, which 
has stepped into the energy-buying field because of the financial collapse of 
the utilities that have backed the ISO's purchasing, is attempting to 
renegotiate some of the contracts energy companies entered into with the ISO. 
That has alarmed some contractors. 
And even if no agreements are scuttled through renegotiations with the water 
resources agency, the ISO never figured on seeing all 1,300 megawatts it 
signed up for to actually materialize. 
"We viewed the prospect of getting all 1,300 megawatts as unlikely," said 
Brian Theaker, ISO's manager of reliability contracts. "It was going to be 
very difficult, if not impossible, for all 1,300 megawatts to hit the 
ground And even with a speedier licensing process, it might be difficult to get the 
other 1,000 megawatts of new peakers built in time for summer. 
"If you don't have the equipment in hand, it's very difficult to get it at 
this late stage of the game," Theaker said, citing conversations with 
industry officials. 
Still, state officials are confident that the governor's goals to boost power 
production from peaker plants and through increased energy conservation will 
work. 
"With increased generation and the reduction in demand, we should be able to 
avoid rolling blackouts this summer," said Energy Commission spokeswoman 
Claudia Chandler. 
Chandler said the new peaker plants, which can be transported on a flatbed 
truck and can be as small as a large backyard storage shed, still could be 
running by summer if applications are filed by mid-April. 
But the Energy Commission has yet to receive a single application for a new 
peaker power plant. 
"That kind of is putting us on pins and needles," Chandler said. "We are 
talking to developers, though. They indicate they will be submitting 
applications late this week or next Meanwhile, Davis met in Washington, D.C., with Energy Secretary Spencer 
Abraham to discuss California's plans to buy 26,000 miles of electricity 
transmission lines now owned by three financially troubled utility companies. 
Speculation has surfaced in recent days that federal regulators are opposed 
to the plan and would reject it. Curtis Hebert, the chairman of the Federal 
Energy Regulatory Commission, has said the state takeover of the lines would 
be "against the best interests of the American public A spokeswoman for the regulatory commission said Tuesday the panel has not 
discussed or taken a position on the California plan. 
Hilary McLean, a spokeswoman for the governor, characterized Davis' meeting 
with Abraham as "productive" and said the two had pledged to work together 
and continue discussing the issue. 
Davis is scheduled today to fly to New York, where he will meet with Wall 
Street analysts, before flying back to California tonight. 
Staff writer Andrew LaMar contributed to this story. 
Davis fights for backing, takes state plan to D.C. 
'Lots of people' in capital wary of transmission-grid takeover
By Toby Eckert?
COPLEY NEWS SERVICE 
February 27, 2001 
WASHINGTON -- Gov. Gray Davis, worried about possible federal opposition to 
the state's plan to take control of California's power transmission system, 
said he will lobby Energy Secretary Spencer Abraham on the plan in a meeting 
today. 
"Clearly, we have to persuade lots of people in Washington that what we're 
doing is the right thing," Davis said yesterday, citing recent news reports 
that indicate opposition to the plan from the head of the Federal Energy 
Regulatory Commission, or FERC. 
The commission appears to have authority over approving the plan. 
Hydropower net needs a 'miracle' 
Edison: No more money to bury power lines underground 
? 
After joining other governors in a wide-ranging meeting with President Bush 
at the White House, Davis also said "there may be some give" on the Bush 
administration's opposition to price controls on wholesale electricity if 
power generators are assured a healthy profit. He did not elaborate. 
A White House spokeswoman said she was unaware of any change in the 
administration's stance on price controls. 
FERC Chairman Curtis Hebert has declined to comment on how the commission 
might rule on California's plan to acquire 26,000 miles of utility-owned 
electricity transmission lines as part of a strategy for solving the state's 
power crisis. 
But in an interview with the Dow Jones news service last week, he indicated 
the plan may run counter to FERC's policy of encouraging the development of 
regional transmission organizations, or RTOs, to manage access to power 
grids. 
"Anything that moves in the opposite direction of RTOs .?.?. is against the 
best interests of the American public," he was quoted as saying. 
Davis said Hebert's comments "raised concerns in my mind. And I want 
Secretary Abraham to understand the motivation for doing this is to solve the 
problem, allow the utilities to get back into business, pay off the 
generators and the banks, and begin to stabilize the market While Abraham does not have direct authority over the issue, he is part of an 
energy policy team appointed by Bush. Davis sees winning Abraham's backing of 
the plan as a possible key to federal approval. 
"I think that team's assessment of the progress we're making will have a lot 
to do with how Washington responds, including the FERC," Davis said. 
Davis will also pitch his plans for ending the crisis to Wall Street analysts 
tomorrow. However, he said he had no meetings planned with FERC officials. 
The Democratic governor acknowledged that many California Republicans are 
philosophically opposed to the state buying the transmission lines. 
"Some people in Washington, I think, see this as more of an ideological 
statement" by the Democrat-controlled state government, Davis said. "As a 
governor, I see it as a practical solution to a problem we're trying to deal 
with The state wants to acquire the transmission system from Pacific Gas and 
Electric, Southern California Edison and San Diego Gas and Electric as a 
condition for helping the utilities pay off some $13 billion in debt they 
have accumulated. The debt is a product of soaring costs for wholesale power 
that the utilities have been unable to fully recover from consumers under 
state law. 
Davis announced a tentative agreement last week to buy Edison's power lines 
for $2.76 billion. 
The purchase plan also will allow the state to upgrade the transmission 
system and fix bottlenecks in the flow of electricity within California and 
from neighboring states such as Arizona, Davis said. 
He and other governors stressed the importance of improving the power grid in 
a discussion yesterday with Abraham, Environmental Protection Agency 
Administrator Christie Whitman and Interior Secretary Gale Norton. 
"We'll need federal approval and, hopefully, federal assistance on the 
financing of those improvements" in California, Davis said. 
The governor has tangled with FERC on numerous aspects of the power crisis. 
The commission, which has authority over the wholesale power market, has 
resisted Davis' proposal to cap wholesale prices in the West. Bush and 
Abraham have, too. 
But Davis suggested that temporary "cost-plus" price limits -- in which 
wholesale rates would reflect the cost of producing the power, plus a set 
profit margin -- may still be an option. 
In San Diego yesterday, House Speaker Dennis Hastert, R-Ill., emphasized that 
California needed to resolve its own energy problems and rework its 
deregulation plan. But Hastert held out the possibility of caps on the 
wholesale price of electricity, which have bipartisan support from California 
representatives and senators. 
"Maybe we can do that on a short-term, focused way, but you have to go back 
and fix the legislation," Hastert said in a meeting with The San Diego 
Union-Tribune's editorial board. 
Davis indicated that he discussed the power crisis in general terms with Bush 
and would have a more detailed talk with Abraham. 
Bush "invited me to call on him directly if we need more assistance," Davis 
said.
? 
LOS ANGELES (AP) via NewsEdge Corporation Duke Energy Corp. suspended a lawsuit against
the state on Monday after the California Department of Water
Resources agreed to buy power from Duke that was formerly being
provided under contracts with two financially troubled utilities.
Duke said Monday it will suspend until April 30 its lawsuit
against Gov. Gray Davis, who had commandeered Duke's long-term
energy contracts with Southern California Edison and Pacific Gas
and Electric.
Duke sued Davis after the governor announced plans to allow the
California Power Exchange to sell the contracts as a way to pay
debts owed by SoCal Edison and PG&amp;E. The power generator argued
that Davis exceeded his authority under the state's Emergency
Services Act.
Under a settlement announced Monday, the water resources
department will buy power on behalf of residential and business
customers that was previously being delivered to Edison and PG&amp;E.
``We see this as progress. It's a step that takes us in the
positive direction,'' said Roger Salazar, spokesman for Davis.
Bill Hall, head of Duke's California operations, said the
agreement ``gives California consumers the benefit of the long-term
contract price that was negotiated with the utilities before they
defaulted. And it allows Duke to provide electricity through an
entity that can pay us for it 
SoCal Edison and PG&amp;E, California's two biggest utilities, have
lost nearly $13 billion in part because the state's deregulation
plan prohibits them from passing on skyrocketing wholesale power
prices to consumers.
With SoCal Edison and PG&amp;E near bankruptcy, the California
Department of Water Resources was authorized last month to buy
power.
Duke said the interim settlement expires April 30, when a court
hearing on Duke's suit is scheduled in U.S. District Court in Los
Angeles.
Also on Monday, Duke suspended a case it brought against the
California Independent System Operator, which manages 75 percent of
the state's power grid.
Duke and other power generators sued the ISO after the water
resources department said it would not pay for power bought on the
expensive spot market. The ISO had said it would bill the nearly
bankrupt utilities for that power.
When power generators tried to pull out of the spot market, the
ISO sued and a federal judge ordered companies to keep selling to
the state. That order was allowed to expire last week while the
state and the generators work on a settlement.
By DAVID HO
Associated Press Writer
WASHINGTON (AP) via NewsEdge Corporation California Gov. Gray Davis said Tuesday that
he is confident the Bush administration will support the state's
$2.7 billion proposal to ease energy woes by buying Southern
California Edison's electricity transmission system.
Supporters of the plan say it could lead to quick improvements
of a bottlenecked system overdue for repairs. But critics contend
the proposal saddles the state with an antiquated network that
could prove costly to fix.
Davis said he presented a nine-page proposal to Energy Secretary
Spencer Abraham and he expects a response by the end of the week.
Abraham ``wants this problem solved and he's been very
supportive,'' Davis said. ``He's recommended approval on every
request I've made, and I believe he will support our proposal 
Energy Department spokesman Joe Davis said Abraham is reviewing
the proposal but wouldn't comment on whether he would endorse it.
On Friday, the governor announced a deal to purchase the power
lines and require Edison International, the utility's parent
company, to sell cheap power to the state for a decade.
Federal approval is required for the proposal, which does not
include the state's other major investor-owned utilities, Pacific
Gas &amp; Electric and San Diego Gas and Electric.
Negotiations are continuing with all three utilities to buy
their 26,000 miles of transmission lines for a cost that could
range from $4.5 billion to $7 billion.
Edison and PG&amp;E have said they have accumulated nearly $13
billion in losses because the state's 1996 deregulation law
prevented them from passing the true costs of wholesale energy to
their customers. The governor's plan would infuse the utilities
with part of the cash they need to remain solvent.
Some state lawmakers have said the long-term costs of the plan
outweigh the immediate benefits because the transmission lines need
repairs that could cost an estimated $1 billion a year.
Addressing a lunch for the California State Society attended by
members of the state's congressional delegation, Davis outlined his
plans to solve the power problems by building new power plants and
working with the energy industry.
``We have a real challenge this summer and the following
summer,'' he said. ``The third year I think enough generation will
be online so that we're in much better shape 
Davis has issued executive orders to shorten the approval
process for new plants and expects to gain 5,000 megawatts by
summer _ enough to power about 5 million homes.
In addition to increasing power production, Davis emphasized the
need for greater conservation, advising his state's consumers to
turn off lights in empty rooms, unplug unused appliances and lower
thermostats.
``In my house, my wife has the thermostat down to 55 degrees he said. ``Going to the kitchen in the middle of the night is like
a trip to Antarctica 
=09"SCIENTECH IssueAlert"  =0902/28/2001 06:07 AM
=09=09=20
Today's IssueAlert Sponsors:=20
Get over 100-pages of daily tracked and verified e-commerce utility-related=20
information with SCIENTECH's E-Commerce InfoGrid.  This unique Strategic and=20
Competitive Intelligence tool will help you stay on top of the torrent of=20
e-commerce information news and analysis. Don't miss this opportunity to find=20
out what's happening in the field of utility e-commerce.  Download a free=20
sample and order your InfoGrid today at www.ConsultRCI.com or contact Chris=20
Vigil at 505-244-7605.=20
The most comprehensive, up-to-date map of the North American Power System by=20
RDI/FT Energy is now available from SCIENTECH. The Wall Map measures 42" x=20
72"; the Executive Map Set consists of 18 11" x 17" maps. Visit our website=20
at www.ConsultRCI.com for a detailed description of these valuable maps and=20
complete ordering instructions.=20
For advertising information, email Nancy Spring, or call (505)244-7613.=20
[IMAGE]
IssueAlert for  February 28, 2001=20
Constellation to Build Major Plant in California,=20
First in Over a Decade
by Will McNamara=20
Director, Electric Industry Analysis
Constellation Energy Group (NYSE: CEG) announced that Kiewit Industrial=20
Company of Omaha, Neb., will begin construction in early April of the 750-MW=20
High Desert power plant near Victorville, Calif. The project, which has been=20
in development since the mid-1990s by High Desert Power Project, LLC=01*a=20
subsidiary of Constellation Energy Group of Baltimore, Md.=01*will be the first=20
new major power plant to serve the Southern California area in more than a=20
decade.=20
Analysis: The fact that California suffers from a significant supply / demand=20
imbalance, and that no new major power plant has been built in the state in=20
over a decade, has been well documented in the energy industry press.=20
Consequently, the fact that Constellation Energy Group is now close to=20
breaking ground on its new plant (having completed the laborious plant siting=20
requirements in California) is a major=01*and somewhat surprising=01*coup for the=20
company, considering that its generation expertise has primarily been in the=20
Northeast nuclear industry. Constellation Energy Group has said that it will=20
market power from the plant within California, which should prove to be a win=20
/ win scenario for both the company and the state.=20
The High Desert power plant will be built on a 25-acre site at the Southern=20
California Logistics Airport, formerly known as the George Air Force Base.=20
Commercial operation of the plant is scheduled for June 2003. The plant's=20
electric generating technology is based on clean-burning, natural gas-fired=20
combustion turbines operating in a combined-cycle mode. Part of the current=20
supply problem in California is the fact that hydroelectric resources, the=20
state's primary energy source, have been in short supply due to=20
lower-than-average rainfall over the last year. Moving away from a dependency=20
on hydroelectric supply may be a smart move for the state. In addition, the=20
High Desert plant is consistent with a national trend that supports natural=20
gas as the fuel of choice for new power plant development projects. As a=20
point of interest, according to data from the Energy Information=20
Administration, California's fuel mix is primarily based in a mixture of=20
natural gas (45.59 percent), hydro (21.95 percent), nuclear (18.07 percent),=20
coal (1.36 percent), oil (1.04 percent), and other, presumably renewable,=20
sources (11.98 percent).=20
It is rather surprising that Constellation would be the first company to=20
build a major power plant in California in over a decade, considering the=20
company's consistent geographic and fuel-mix focus. Constellation Energy=20
Group is a holding company that includes a group of competitive energy=20
businesses focused mostly on wholesale power marketing, merchant generation=20
and portfolio management in North America. Constellation Energy Group is the=20
parent company of the Baltimore Gas and Electric Company (BGE), a regulated=20
gas and electric delivery company serving Central Maryland. Up until this=20
point, Constellation's generation assets have been primarily based in a=20
mixture of coal and nuclear, and for the most part located in the=20
Northeastern United States. According to information directly from the=20
company itself, Constellation's own fuel mix is predominantly coal (54=20
percent), followed by nuclear (40 percent). Oil, gas and hydro only represent=20
a small percentage (6 percent) of Constellation's fuel mix.=20
Although coal is the primary fuel in Constellation's portfolio, over the last=20
year the company has become more focused on nuclear. For instance, last=20
December Constellation Nuclear, a wholly owned subsidiary of Constellation=20
Energy Group, announced its intent to purchase 100 percent of Unit 1 and 82=20
percent of Unit 2 of the Nine Mile Point nuclear power plant. Once the deal=20
is closed in mid-2001, Constellation will own a total of 1,550 MW of Nine=20
Mile Point's 1,757 MW of total generating capacity. The nuclear plant=20
purchases that Constellation is making expand upon its Calvert Cliffs asset,=20
an 850-MW two-unit nuclear plant in Southern Maryland. When I wrote about=20
this acquisition last December, I noted that, while Constellation will most=20
likely retain its coal-fired generation assets, the company appeared to be=20
moving closer toward a nuclear-based portfolio.=20
In addition, in early 2000 Constellation began a restructuring of its=20
corporate identity, dividing its operations into two separate segments: one=20
focused on its merchant energy business (including Constellation Nuclear) and=20
the other focused on regional retail energy services. The merchant energy=20
business was ranked fifth in the nation for sales of electric power in the=20
third quarter of 2000, and the company is committed to expanding this growth.=20
The goal for the merchant energy business, according to Constellation Energy=20
Group CEO Christian Poindexter, is to establish a portfolio of over 30,000 MW=20
of electric generation facilities by 2005. Toward that end, Constellation=20
acknowledged earlier that it would be taking advantage of "bargain prices for=20
nuclear plants," which resulted in large part from other utilities focusing=20
on transmission operations and thus choosing, or being mandated, to divest=20
their generation plants.  Constellation in the past has justified its move in=20
this direction by saying that its experience has found that nuclear fuel is=20
cheaper than coal and gas generators and that "the economics [of nuclear] are=20
quite robust, once they are calculated out." =20
However, considering that there is only a limited number of nuclear plants in=20
the United States that will become available for purchase, Constellation=20
Energy Group may have recognized the need to become even more diversified.=20
The California market, despite its stringent plant siting requirements,=20
arguably offered an appropriate market for Constellation to become more=20
diversified. Given the state's environmental lobbying presence, it is=20
doubtful that a nuclear plant could have been approved in California.=20
Although natural gas is not a primary fuel source for Constellation as a=20
company, it is the preferred source for new power plants. Therefore, the High=20
Desert plant, given that it will be fired by natural gas, presumably stood a=20
greater chance of navigating through California's plant siting requirements=20
(than a coal or nuclear plant could have). In fact, in the announcement of=20
the plant, Constellation noted that, having received all federal, state and=20
local approvals, the High Desert plant "will be a good neighbor in the=20
community with no significant environmental impacts."=20
The announcement of Constellation's new plant could not come at a better time=20
for California, of course. Although the plant won't be operational until June=20
2003, the state can use the good publicity now. A new report from the=20
Cambridge Energy Research Associates (CERA) says that it is already too late=20
for the state to head off a serious summer shortage that could lead to at=20
least 20 hours of rolling blackouts. "It's too late for this summer,"=20
declared Lawrence J. Makovich, of CERA, referring to the state's desperate=20
efforts to ramp up power supplies for the short term. "The source of=20
California's far-reaching power crisis is a shortage. At least 5,000=20
megawatts of new generating facilities are required to restore balance to the=20
state's grid." Instead, according to the report, demand will exceed supply by=20
3,000 MW, which will cause the state to be under an energy alert of some sort=20
for at least 200 hours.=20
CERA's report came out on the heels of Calif. Gov. Gray Davis' pledge to have=20
5,000 MW of new generating capacity available in California by July, more=20
than double the amount expected just a few months ago. Davis said the new=20
plants would provide enough electricity to ward off blackouts this summer,=20
which CERA obviously disputes. Davis announced a series of orders intended to=20
bring online 5,000 MW by July 2001, with an additional 5,000 MW by July=20
2002. =20
In any event, as California continues to struggle from a severe supply /=20
demand imbalance, the announcement of Constellation's new plant appears to be=20
good news for all the parties involved. Gov. Davis has pledged to support an=20
expedited approval process for additional plants, so it will be interesting=20
to see which company is given approval to proceed with the next power plant=20
in the state. It will also be interesting to see, based on Constellation's=20
plant and others that may be built, whether or not the economics of building=20
such plants in California will prove beneficial. Other power suppliers may=20
opt to merely enter into long-term sales agreements with the state, rather=20
than invest the resources that building a power plant would require.=20
An archive list of previous IssueAlerts is available at
www.ConsultRCI.com
Reach thousands of utility analysts and decision makers every day. Your=20
company can schedule a sponsorship of IssueAlert by contacting Nancy Spring =20
via e-mail or calling (505)244-7613. Advertising opportunities are also=20
available on our website.=20
SCIENTECH is pleased to provide you with your free,  daily IssueAlert. Let us=20
know if we can help you with  in-depth analyses or any other SCIENTECH=20
information  products. If you would like to refer a colleague to receive our=20
free,  daily IssueAlerts, please reply to this email and include  their full=20
name and email address or register directly on our site. =20
If you no longer wish to receive this daily email, send a message to=20
IssueAlert, and include the word "delete" in the subject line.=20
SCIENTECH's IssueAlerts(SM) are compiled based on the  independent analysis=20
of SCIENTECH consultants. The opinions expressed in  SCIENTECH's IssueAlerts=20
are not intended to predict financial performance  of companies discussed, or=20
to be the basis for investment decisions of any  kind. SCIENTECH's sole=20
purpose in publishing its IssueAlerts is to offer  an independent perspective=20
regarding the key events occurring in the  energy industry, based on its=20
long-standing reputation as an expert on  energy issues. =20
Scott Govenar  	02/28/2001 11:00 AM
Attached, please find the latest information from the direct access
coalition.
Hello to the Direct Access Coalition:
Below you will find a summary of the press strategy that Edelman Public
Relations intends to employ over the coming weeks in collaboration with the
Alliance for Retail Energy Markets and the broader Direct Access Coalition.
I will also outline the information that I need from Direct Access Coalition
members who are willing to be involved in media outreach and interviews.
And finally, I have attached supporting documents that you can use as
background material to prep for your responses to any media inquiries that
you may receive.
This Week
1.   We are drafting a "pitch letter" to send out by the end of this week
via blast e-mail and fax to the following media lists: 1)capitol press corps
reporters; 2) mainstream media reporters working the energy crisis; and 3)
trade media.  We may also outreach to our editorial board list as well.  Our
pitch will be focused on what it will really mean for small business and C&I
customers to lose the option of retail choice at a time when they are
suffering the financial hardships of skyrocketing energy bills. We will
address the effect on California's future business climate if direct access
is not preserved through legislation that corrects the problems that AB1x
caused for retail choice.  And finally, we will address the point that no
matter what direction California ultimately takes, direct access must be a
part of the solution.  Reporters have seen the recent polls which illustrate
California businesses' concerns with the path the state is on so this is a
prime opportunity to build on those recent media stories.
2.    We recommend a conference call with AReM and the Direct Access
Coalition on Friday to address the questions and suggestions on the press
strategy outlined here.
3.     Determine which people in the Direct Access Coalition are willing to
take media calls on behalf of the coalition.
Next Week
1.   Follow up with key reporters who received the pitch letter.
2.   Evaluate the language of SB 27x and determine whether there will be an
opportunity to hold a news conference with Sen. Bowen in the near future.
Monitor movement at the PUC and determine whether a press conference may be
effective in this arena, or whether we may need to use the option of sending
a media alert before the March 7 hearing, followed by a news release after
the hearing.
3.   Place op-eds (opinion pieces) with key newspapers.
4.   Contact radio news shows and TV public affairs shows (i.e. California
Capitol Week and the California Report) to secure
media interviews.
5.    Revise the SB 27x fact sheet (attached) to reflect the realities of
the amended language in SB 27x.
What We Need From You
1.  If you are willing to speak with the media, or you have
customers/clients with a positive direct access story to tell, please
respond to this email as soon as you can with your name and contact
information.
2.  If you have draft op-eds written that need to be placed with newspapers
on behalf of your association and the broader coalition, we are willing to
do this for the you.
3.  If you have colleagues and/or staff that are already working with the
media it would be helpful to have this information so that we can
collaborate as necessary.
The Documents Below
  All documents are works in progress, so if you have suggestions on
 potential changes, please feel free to share them with us.