__________________________________________________
Do You Yahoo!?
Get email at your own domain with Yahoo! Mail.
Need you?  Why would we!    Smiling
Hey - I just checked my E MAils for the day.  Sorry to hear about the 
interview with AEP.  I really am quite surprised.   Did Kayvon say why they 
didnt want to give you an interview?   I believe your thinking correctly you need to seriously consider the Balitmore job.  And dont forget there is 
that possiblilty with AGL in Houston.  Correct?
i would love to thnks
NO I CALLED IT LAST NIGHT - EVEN WITH TOM THERE - I TOLD HIM TO MAKE SURE HE 
TOLD JON FIRST - SO I DIDNT HAVE TO TELL PAM - SO YOUR 'IT'
SUSAN - TOM LOOKS GREAT AND SEEMS VERY HAPPY AND VERY MUCH IN LOVE - MY GUESS 
IS THAT BABIES WILL SOON FOLLOW
HE EVEN TOLD ME WHEN AND WHERE HE PLANS ON ASKING HER "THE QUESTION"...CALL 
ME WHEN YOU GET THIS - SO WE CAN CHAT - I CANT CALL YOU REMEMBER - YOUR PHONE 
WONT TAKE MY CALLS FROM THE OFFICE
Thanks - I actually rec this one earlier this year - i thought it was 
funny.   I am understanding that you may be out of town alot in April Are you still planning to have a party for scott and allison?   If so do you 
know when yet?   I just curious so i can plan on a sitter.
have a great day
sandra
Thanks for the laugh.  It was perfect.  And FYI "you" are the face i am 
holding under water.
Louis - Again as we spoke this morning - all these deals have ben transferred 
to Eric Bass.  ALl the "unwinds" should go through him Thanks,
Sandra
Are her eyes blue or what?   She is beautiful,  congrats!  It has been nice 
getting reacquainted with you.
Good Luck - I hoped I helped -
Hello Chance,
I have no idea what you are referring to.
thanks,
chance
A beautiful woman loved growing tomatoes, but couldn't seem to get her 
tomatoes to turn red. One day while taking a stroll she came upon a 
gentleman neighbor who had the most beautiful garden full of huge red 
tomatoes. 
The woman asked the gentleman, "What do you do to get your tomatoes so 
red?" The gentleman responded, "Twice a day I stand in front of my tomato 
garden and expose myself, and my tomatoes turn red from blushing so much 
The woman was so impressed, she decided to try doing the same 
thing to her tomato garden to see if it would work. So twice a day for two 
weeks she exposed herself to her garden hoping for the best 
One day the gentleman was passing by and asked the woman, "By the way, 
How did you make out? Did your tomatoes turn red 
"No" she replied, "but my cucumbers are enormous 
A Preacher wanted to raise money for his church, and being told that there 
was a fortune in Horse Racing, he decided to purchase a horse and enter him 
in the race.  However, at the local auction the going price for horses was  
so steep that he ended up buying a Donkey instead.  He figured that since he  
had it, he might as well go ahead and enter it in the races, and to his  
surprise, the Donkey came in third. 
The  next day the racing form carried this headline, "Preacher's Ass shows The Preacher was so pleased with the  Donkey that he entered it in the race 
again, and this time it won.  The next day the form said, "Preacher's Ass, out in front!"
The Bishop was so upset with this kind of publicity, that he ordered the 
Preacher not to enter the Donkey in another race.  The newspaper printed 
this headline; "Bishop scratches Preacher's Ass 
This was just too much for the Bishop, and he ordered the Preacher to get rid 
of the animal. The Preacher decided to give it to a Nun in a nearby convent. 
The headline next day read, "Nun has the best Ass in town 
The Bishop fainted. He informed the Nun that she would have to  
dispose of the Donkey. She finally found a Farmer who was willing to buy 
it for $10. Next day the paper said, "Nun peddles her Ass for ten bucks They buried the Bishop the next day.
I thought you would really apprecaite this Love the trading side........Ref Brad comment:   I just hear Brad and watch some of the strange things he does in the gulf and i'm like geezzz he is nuts...like to keep my association with lunatics to a minimum.....that's all!!!!!!!    take care!
Hi Ragan,
I am sure this is a joke , but I dont get it..  Please explain ANd I am doing fine - I am tired these days  ( that age thing , you know).  How are things with you?  Enjoying the trading side again,n or are you missing the brokering side?  Thanks for the note- keep in touch -
Big Smile -  Well I guess if I had to be honest he is unique in the market place.   I found him very interesting and confusing all at the same time.
It would be nice to have a beer one day and catch up on old times.  Take care 
Hi Ragan,
I am sure this is a joke , but I dont get it..  Please explain ANd I am doing fine - I am tired these days  ( that age thing , you know).  How are things with you?  Enjoying the trading side again,n or are you missing the brokering side?  Thanks for the note- keep in touch -
I am sorry Ladies - But I cant see you guys this week. 
Thanks for your note I always enjoy the reading.  and I also appreciate you taking the time to share your events with us.  Come by anytime for your montey>
Sandra
And --FYI I  Dont do pictures!!!! ever 
Sure family walk - I get the message (finally) I will communicate with you via E-Mail.  (Smiling)
I really dont know about my MOM's -  I am kinda playing around with the Idea of  hiring chef Wes and trasting them "special I dont know - what ideas do you have?
I have a seperate system.  1
If you're receiving this email its because we're still waiting on a response from you.  Please reply to this message ASAP.  See below for details.
Thanks, 
Dan 
We are in the process of confirming that all traders are set up correctly and ready to trade when the system goes live. 
We need to make sure that your Stack Managers are accessing the correct database. In order to do this, we need to know how you access Stack Manager:
1) Through Terminal Server (the one that opens up a desktop within a desktop and it actually appears that you have two Start buttons 
or 
2) By opening the Stack Manager directly from your "native" desktop (stand alone computer 
Please reply to this message with either a corresponding "1" or a "2" in the subject field. 
If you're not sure which one you have, please contact myself x39673, Teresa Mandola x39807 or Jennifer McQuade x53614 and we'll come by your desk to help you.
Thank you, 
Dan Diamond 
I know (Greg) but you gotta do what you gotta do.
About the "Moms" day thing - I am thinking more like maybe not - They each have enough of the bath shit - and I dont really know what to do - What Ideas do you have.  Neither of them are foo foo ish people.   I hope you and Ben enjoy the Park today - that sounds wonderful
hey I am sorry but I will not be able to attend - But you know I wish you all the best - goodluck - stay in touch
Kimberly Bates
04/23/2001 11:42 AM
Help us wish Jared well 
Wednesday, April 25
at
Sambuca
910 Travis
4:30 p.m. - until
Please RSVP
Susan I would love to  - but as usualy I cant - I have a Dinner Scheduled with Greg at APB Monday - and I am trying not to schedule more than one night per week for outings... Sorry - I really am - I would love to catch up - on your trip , on you , everything 	Also - I dont want you to think that I am ever taking advantage of you - just like me know how much money I owe you for the Baby Basket.
My house is still in working progress , but I got a few more things since you have been there, drapes , chairs, decorations, etc - and I LOVE IT- I cant wait to show you 	And FYI   _ - I MISSED YOU - You can never never go away that long again.
Can I call you this evening on my way home?  Or you going to be busy?
Your just a little jokester today - What do you mean "try and fit me in your schedule"     I will be there - and you will make the time for me -Because you have NO OTHER CLIENTS 
thanks for the laughs
i love you
You put a smile on my face with your message.... The reading material is no big deal - It is some Gas Rags story about Skillings comments.
And your customer is completly happy with her trim - However , She (me) wants to be a regular client.
Hello Kenny,
Just a couple of things.  One our stock is up again today  now it is up 2 at 62$  I was wondering if we should sell some?  What is your opinion.
Also I have some reading for you tonight - The Skiliing Story is all over the Gas Market.  (I told Ya).  I know that Clayton has soccer tonight - dont worry about dinner , I would actually prefer some of that Turkey tonight 
I love you 
Thank you for your comments.
I have no idea what this e-mail is suppose to mean to me?
Louise,
Sempra Energy has called and asked to "cover' outstanding positions with Enron.
They have done some deals with me this morning via EOL, as well as a "sleeve" with EPNG in order to minimize their exposure with us.  Indications were that they have longer dated power and other gas positions that they want to minimize as well,  I advised them to call the respected traders first, as apposed to calling voice brokers,  to see what they can facilitate.
Scott,
Just a quick note.  I believe you did a great job this afternoon in communicating with your group about Enron's "cluster."
Today I have found this overwhelming since of Pride for this company and I don't want it to fail.  So if there is ANYTHING I can do to help please let me know.  I am in for the challenge and the long haul.
Sincerely,
Sandra	
I believe 1.
We are in the process of confirming that all traders are set up correctly and ready to trade when the system goes live. 
We need to make sure that your Stack Managers are accessing the correct database. In order to do this, we need to know how you access Stack Manager:
1) Through Terminal Server (the one that opens up a desktop within a desktop and it actually appears that you have two Start buttons or
2) By opening the Stack Manager directly from your "native" desktop.
Please reply to this message with either a corresponding "1" or a "2" in the subject field.
If you're not sure which one you have, please contact myself x39673, Teresa Mandola x39807 or Jennifer McQuade x53614 and we'll come by your desk to help you.
Thank you,
Dan Diamond
I had mentioned to you last night that I would forward you the memo I sent my CEO of Enron yesterday.
Today seems better here, not so much anger around the trade floor.    This is our BID Week so we have alot of business to take care of.  And as of  9:11 this morning our stock is actually up slightly for the 1st time in weeks.  Hopefully,  we can close ont he Highs.
As I sit here this Wednesday morning and watch ENE trade $15.80 I can not begin to explain the pit in my stomach.  I have been an employee of Enron since June of 1984, I have never written a memo to my CEO to express opinions and or ask direct questions. 
I can not believe that the individuals that are responsible for this catastrophe are still employed.  And I guess I need to understand why?  FIRED THEM !   It is apparent to me  that the information we have given to the market place is not sufficient enough.  "THEY" don't trust us anymore.  Get a plan of action, attack it, and save this company.
As I sit here this Wednesday morning and watch ENE trade $15.80 I can not begin to explain the pit in my stomach.  I have been an employee of Enron since June of 1984, I have never written a memo to my CEO to express opinions and or ask direct questions. 
I can not believe that the individuals that are responsible for this catastrophe are still employed.  And I guess I need to understand why?  FIRED THEM !   It is apparent to me  that the information we have given to the market place is not sufficient enough.  "THEY" don't trust us anymore.  Get a plan of action, attack it, and save this company.
Where do I begin?  I guess I could start with several excuses or reasons to justify my behavior on Friday, but the truth is there aren't any.  I only am left with total humiliation and embarrassment for my actions, words, and behavior.  Please accept my sincere apology.
Sandra
Where do I begin?  I guess I could start with several excuses or reasons to justify my behavior on Friday, but the truth is there aren't any.  I only am left with total humiliation and embarrassment for my actions, words, and behavior.  Please accept my sincere apology.
Sandra
 > Check it out.
 > People in New York and DC are going to be having to hit food banks
hard.
 > There will be a need in NY for the soup. Below is an easy way to
 help  > > Campbell's is donating a can of soup to area food banks just by
clicking
 on
 > a football helmet at their website. It's quick, easy, and can be done
 once
 a
 > day.
 > Go to (  then click on your
 favorite
 > team's helmet and Campbell will donated a can of soup. That is it!
 Please
 > pass this to a friend or 2,3,4  >