Vince,
Just wanted to let you know how much I enjoyed your talk (and dinner
conversation!).  In fact, the buzz after your presentation was to the
effect that you gave one of the best industry/academic talks.
Please know that you have an open invitation to visit us.  You have my
email address and my office phone number is 404-894-2327.    I look forward
to hooking up with you again in the future.
Steve
p.s. If at all possible I would appreciate receiving any information
(reprints, etc.) that you feel would help us learn about the
industry.  Also, you mentioned a book that you said would be the best
introduction, but I forgot the name.  Thanks again.
Todd,
Thanks for the invitation. I shall be very glad to speak
at this conference.
Vince
Vince 
I realize you may be busy with the news that UBS is the winning bidder for
Enron's trading organization.
Looking ahead, I invite you to speak at the Market Price Volatility
conference, to be held May 1-3, in Houston.
This follows on the Gas Volatility and Storage Valuation conference held
last October. This spring's conference will focus on power volatility, and
will include a number of applied econometric presentations.
The format of the preconference workshop, on Wednesday, May 1, will be much
the same as in the past. Your speaking slot is for a one-hour presentation
in the afternoon, followed by a roundtable.
I hope you will join in what promises to be a stimulating event.
Please confirm your participation by e-mailing or calling me by
Thursday, Jan. 17.
Following your confirmation, Jim Naphas of INFOCAST will be in touch
regarding the usual details.
.
____________
Todd Strauss
Director, Quantitative Analysis
PG&E National Energy Group
7600 Wisconsin Avenue
Bethesda, MD  20814
(301) 280-5523
todd.strauss@neg.pge.com
Ryan,
In the follow up to the meeting we had on Wednesday I would like
to reinforce one point I made. I feel strongly that I cannot support
the valuations my group has produced so far for the LJM/Raptor
related transactions without examination of all the related legal documents.
I feel that we did solid work based on verbal information,  but I cannot
guarantee the quality of the final product without looking at the contracts.
These transactions are too complex and controversial to bypass due diligence requirements 
that you would expect from any professional.
Vince Kaminski
Ryan,
In the follow up to the meeting we had on Wednesday I would like
to reinforce one point I made. I feel strongly that I cannot support
the valuations my group has produced so far for the LJM/Raptor
related transactions without examination of all the related legal documents.
I feel that we did solid work based on verbal information,  but I cannot
guarantee the quality of the final product without looking at the contracts.
These transactions are too complex and controversial to bypass due diligence requirements 
that you would expect from any professional.
Vince Kaminski
Vince,
I have it.
Rakesh
Rakesh,
I have informed Ryan Siurek (cc Rick Buy) on Oct 4
that I cannot sign off on any analysis
done by our group without looking at full set of
legal documents related to the LJM
transactions. Those documents were not provided and therefore
we cannot sign off on any analysis done in the past.
I have come to a conclusion that we cannot support
the valuations based on verbal and
often conflicting information, without doing  full due
diligence.
Feel free to provide the information to Kimberly but,
please, inform her I cannot support the quantitative analysis
we have done in the past. I am especially concerned about the conflict between
the existence of the restriction and the existence of a put that are, in my view,
mutually exclusive.
Vince
FYI
This is the latest version of your Raptor valuation memo that we have.  Is
there a more recent version with the changes we discussed (i.e. UBS shares
are not in a forward contract, 4 year restriction, etc 
Kimberly,
Here is the note.  Do let me know if I can assist further.
Rakesh Bharati
Phone: (713) 853-0936
Fax:     (713) 646-2503
*******************    Vince,
Here is some data on our cash burn rate.
Rakesh
Attached you will find the cash data that I have been using to derive my graphs.
In terms of the method I used to derive the average of $10 million/day, I used the net cash inflows for September and the net cash outflows for October and calculated an average based upon 41 business days.  The average came out to be $6.22 million/day and I then grossed it up a bit to be $10 million even.
Thanks,
Rob
Rob Brown
Manager, Enron Corp.
Financial Accounting & Reporting
Off. 713.853.9702
Cell 713.303.4497
rob.brown@
Steve,
It shows who is smart.
Tuesday will work for me.
Vince
Hi Y'all,
11/22 works for me but you better check with your better halves to see if
they want you out on Thanksgiving day.
Tuesday nights?
Steve
 Thursday the 22nd works for me