Due to the pending merger with Dynegy and regulations pertaining to this transaction.  The 24 Hour group will NOT transact with Illinois Power (IP) in the realtime power market.
If you have any questions, please send me an email or call.
Thanks,
Don 
Cell:	281-787-0029
Home:	281-557-2068
Hey Bobby,
Here's all the good stuff:
dbaughman@houston.rr.com
Cell: 281-787-0029
WK: 713-553-0392
Hope all goes well.
Don
Realtime power interchange schedule paths to be considered for analysis/beta testing for OATI Webtrader:
Paths:
NSP(G)-MAPP-AMRN-TVA-SOCO-GTC-JEA-FPL(L)
MHEB(G)-MAPP-TVA-SOCO-JEA-SEC-FPC(L)
IP(G)-AEP-ATSI-PJM(L)
PJM(G)-NYISO-NEEPOOL(L)
PJM(G)-AP-AEP-DUK-SCEG-SOCO-JEA(L)
EES(G)-TVA-AEP-MECS(L)
Potential Long/Short positions.
IP(G)-AEP-ATSI-PJM(L)
DPL(G)-AEP-TVA-SOCO(L)
WR(G)-SWPP-MAPP-ALT-CE-ATC-WEC(L)
AECI(G)-AMRN-TVA-SOCO(L)
MHEB(G)-MAPP-AMRN-AEP-AP-PJM(L)
EPMI Hourly completes approxmitly 5 tags per hour 
Have a safe trip.  Give me a call if you get there and need some help.
Don
713-853-0392 
As you all know, our move is scheduled for this weekend. =20
?=09Voicemail instructions - Please have everyone in your group clear all new voicemail messages by 5:00 PM, Friday, 11/16.  All saved messages, greetings and recorded names will be saved.  If a message is left before cutover the message will be saved, but the message light will not be displayed when you arrive.  As a precautionary meassure please check voice mail upon your arrival Monday morning even if the message light isn't on. =20
?=09Building access - ECS will not be available for general access until Monday morning at 5:00 AM.  Due to the gas and power moves being combined, it is unlikely that the move team will be prepared for the POC's to come in on Sunday to unpack.  (Separate instructions will be generated for those who are needed to test trading applications.)  NOTE: Only those whose names have been approved and submitted to security will be allowed access on Sunday.
o=09Monday - 5:00 AM for all employees
?=09Security & badges -  All POC team members should be familiar with the routes into ECS as we discussed at our recent move meeting.  Please be sure to share this information with all of the people in your group.  If you need additional copies of the floor plans that have the access routes highlighted, please contact Carli Smith (5-3473). Please stress to everyone to have their badges with them at all times.  No one will be allowed access without their badge.  If anyone tries to access the building from the garage via the skyring and they do not have their badge, they will be sent back through the garage to the street level to walk across the street to the round kiosk in the Enron building lobby to get a guest pass and then proceed back to ECS via the 2nd floor and the skyring.
?=09Move team colors - As mentioned at the move meeting, the following is a list of the color designations (vests) for the various teams that will be on the floor when we move in. =20
o=09Red - Move Team
o=09Orange - Desktop Support/IT
o=09Green - Telephony
?=09Newspaper subscriptions - The delivery location for all newspaper subscriptions need to be changed to ECS 05/06.  It is our intention to have all daily newspapers delivered to the mail desk located in the ECS 2nd floor corridor.  It will be the responsibility of the assistants to either pick up the papers for their group or designate someone in their group to pick up the papers.  If your papers continue to be delivered to your old floor of ECN, contact Sunny Rodgers (3-6116).
?=09Move boxes -  Please encourage your group to pack and bring no more than about 4  boxes per person. =20
?=09Move labels -  If you run out of labels or if you are missing any labels, please call Carli Smith (5-3473) to have additional or missing labels printed.
?=09Laptops - Important - Please ensure that all cable locks have been removed from all laptop computers by 5:00 PM on Friday.  If any cable locks are left on the computers they will be destroyed by the move team in order to move the computers as scheduled.
.=09Bottled water - Every kitchen has an ice machine that also dispenses filtered water.  The large bottles of water (5 gallon) will not be allowed on the floor.  We would also like   to discourage the use of small bottles of water due to limited storage space and the availability of filtered water at several locations. =20
?=09Phone sets - Although most of you are aware of this, we just wanted to remind you that there will be only one phone on each desk - either a turret or an Avaya, but not both.  Do not tag your phones, a new phone will be waiting for each person on their desk in the new building
I hope I have covered some of the outstanding questions or issues you might have, but if I have missed something, please let me know.  Thanks so much for all your help and hard work.
PLEASE NOTE THAT WE WILL NEED TO BE PACKED AND READY TO MOVE BY 2PM ON FRIDAY, 11/16/01.
Please let me know if you have any questions...thanks for your support with the move.
T.Jae, Lisa, Claudia & Lloyd
I'm ready for the fishing!  I was able to ride on Joe's boat after he got it, very nice.  It should run very skinny.
I hope all is well.
Later,
DB
Thanks for the invite.  I wish I could make it.  You need to plan a trip
down here for a little fin and feather.  Joe got himself a nice custom
flats and we need to break it in right.  A lot of geese and ducks are
being killed on lake Mathis right now and I'm sure we can manage to find
some trout somewhere.
Happy birthday and drink one for me.
Dn
David Nobles
Ewing Construction Co., Inc.
(361) 882-6525
david_nobles@ewingcc.com
 Dear Friends and Family