Kirk Ketcherside 
Lou--could you cover the Derrick meeting on the 12th if Dot is stuck on a 
hanging jury?    Again, I expect to be on the phone from Cal., but would like 
one of you guys on also in Houston in case of telecom screwups (which follow 
me whereever I go).  Thanks.  df
Drew- 
Staff meeting on Monday the 9th -- no problem.  I would be glad to cover the 
Derrick meeting on April 12; however, 
I have jury duty that day (yuck)!
--Dot
Yes, lets continue to have the pre-meetings formerly known as Mike's every 
Mon. at 8:30 (pls put on my calendar Emily I'll be in Houston this Monday so just come to my office at 8:30 if you are 
both here.  Dot, pls cover the staff meeting on 
Monday, April 9 as I'll be on vacation.  Also, pls cover the Derrick large GC 
meeting at 9:00 am on April 12 as I'll be at NN's Keyex meeting in Cal.  (I 
may be able to call in to this but would like you to cover anyway in case 
something goes haywire). Thanks df 
If Mike has "checked out", will he then not be here on Monday at 8:30 for 
pre-Stan meeting, or what?  Should I just 
call Drew?   When? 
Sorry, I read the other email first--you guys have me covered quite well.  I 
think the staff meeting formerly known as Mikes is on Tuesday Mar. 3, right 
Emily??  I didn't have anything on my calendar on the 12th.  Emily, you might 
want to send an email around reminding everyone of the Mar. 3 all-lawyers 
meeting and the secretary meeting just in case some people are assuming I'll 
schedule mine at different times.  Thanks all 
Drew - I have you covered for the 12th.
Em - you might cancel the Mike Moran staff meeting for 11:00 on the 12th I'd cover for Drew but, if I were him, I would not let me conduct his first 
official staff mtg with the lawyers....especially if Dot is anot availble to 
keep me in line..
Drew- 
Staff meeting on Monday the 9th -- no problem.  I would be glad to cover the 
Derrick meeting on April 12; however, 
I have jury duty that day (yuck)!
--Dot
Yes, lets continue to have the pre-meetings formerly known as Mike's every 
Mon. at 8:30 (pls put on my calendar Emily I'll be in Houston this Monday so just come to my office at 8:30 if you are 
both here.  Dot, pls cover the staff meeting on 
Monday, April 9 as I'll be on vacation.  Also, pls cover the Derrick large GC 
meeting at 9:00 am on April 12 as I'll be at NN's Keyex meeting in Cal.  (I 
may be able to call in to this but would like you to cover anyway in case 
something goes haywire). Thanks df 
If Mike has "checked out", will he then not be here on Monday at 8:30 for 
pre-Stan meeting, or what?  Should I just 
call Drew?   When? 
Got lunch plans?  Lets talk about this at 12:30--my joint.  (I'll buy) df
As you'll see in the Legal bullets, TW Commercial has asked me to look into 
the following issue.
As you probably know, SoCalGas is proposing to add compression to its system, 
which will result in at least 50,000 MMcf/d additional takeaway capacity from 
Needles by Dec. 2001.
TW's shippers have gotten wind of this thru the trade press and are already 
calling TW to ask about the availability of additional Needles capacity Many of them are already shippers to Topock who would love to switch their 
primary point to Needles.
The issue is this:  One of the reasons Red Rock capacity has been so slow to 
sell is that we have no more Needles capacity available, and shippers are 
less enthusiastic about shipping to Topock.  Our marketers would like to 
earmark the new Needles delivery point capacity for use by Red Rock shippers, 
rather than let existing shippers move primary points.  This will help to 
sell out the expansion space.
I am looking thru my file of cases on the topic of reserving capacity for 
expansions, to see if it gets us anywhere.  I'll let you know what I find If you have comments in the meantime, please let me know.  We may need to set 
up a conference call to discuss this sometime next week.  Thanks.
pls follow up on this.  I can't remember if I've rsvpd or not. thanks.  df
Enron Law Conference
Reminder
Submit your Online RSVP Form NOW!
If you have received this e-mail, then your RSVP Form has NOT been received Space is limited, so please go to    and 
fill out your Online RSVP Form NOW -- whether you are attending or not (Don't forget to respond if you will be attending the Thursday night awards 
dinner as well).  Once you have submitted your RSVP Form, you should receive 
a confirmation e-mail.  Please review your confirmation information and let 
me know if there are any changes 
See you in San Antonio! 
I had the IT guys reschedule my outlook migration.  They should call you 
tues.  How about doing it wed night when I'm on a plane?  thanks df 
Hey I'm watching your fair city on the tube--I suppose you are at the NCAA 
final.  I'm stuck down here in Houston again--been down here at least 3 days 
every week for a month.  Sandra digs it--at least I'm out of her face.  She 
was down here last week with me for 3 days looking at schools and houses with 
the 3 girls.  That car was full of bitching, whining and crying.  And the 
kids got a little cranky too.  Gonna come and visit us???  We'll probably 
move in August--bring your dad's pickup and you can help!  What a great time 
to move when its 200 degrees and the fire ants and poisonous lizards are in 
full frenzy.  Ugh.  We've gotta hook up with you guys before then.  We're out 
for Easter week, but we'll need a quick road trip eventually.  It would also 
be cool if you guys want to come down--Omaha would seem like Cancun after the 
winter you've had!  Take care dude. DF 
no--golf's great!  df
Drew, just a FYI....I signed you up for golf at the Law Conference for 
Thursday afternoon....you were out of pocket and Martha said you like 
golf....I can change it to Skeet shooting or rafting on the Guadalupe if 
you'd rather do that.....!!!!! Seriously, let me know if you want me to 
change it 
Emily
This is to confirm your attendance for the Friday, April 20, 2001, Executive 
Forum to be hosted by The Office of the Chairman.  The Forum will begin at 
3:00 p.m. and ends at 4:30 p.m in the Enron Building 50M 
If you have any additional questions, please feel free to give me a call 
Thank you.
Debbie Nowak
Executive Development
713.853.3304
Did we ever look at that storage project up near Sacramento?  I think its 
called Lodi.  I heard today that El Paso may be close to buying it.  Why 
would they buy an intrastate, CPUC-regulated storage project??  Maybe to 
backstop their generation portfolio??  df 
pls print w/email.  thanks df
Mike McGowan
02/10/2000 08:21 AM
Sent by: Julie McCoy
Attached is a revised Business Plan which has been modified to incorporate 
all comments and the additional discussions held last week.  Please review 
this document and provide all comments to myself or Lou Geiler.
Mike McGowan
Hey, give me a number where Sandra can reach Merrilee--she got a lead from a 
friend on a Dis. 66 house.  DF
Great.  I've put in a couple of minor changes--pls crank out a clean (non 
redlined) copy and email it back to me.  For now, lets take out the sentence 
indicating Sempra's agreement.  Also, delete the privilege header.  I want 
Georgetta to have a clean copy she can circulate internally in her shop.  In 
my cover email to her I'll suggest the sentence I'd like to be able to 
include.  MKM and others--please let me know if I'm good to go on sending 
this to Georgetta.  Thanks.  df
changes in the last few paragraphs.  Please ignore the previous draft Thanks.
The information contained in this e-mail message is intended only for the 
personal and confidential use of the recipient(s) named above. This message 
may be an attorney-client communication and/or work product and as such is 
privileged and confidential. If the reader of this message is not the 
intended recipient or an agent responsible for delivering it to the intended 
recipient, you are hereby notified that you have received this document in 
error and that any review, dissemination, distribution, or copying of this 
message is strictly prohibited. If you have received this communication in 
error, please notify us immediately by e-mail, and delete the original 
message.
- 4%M3RED.DOC
Is it appropriate for a conference sponsor to use our name like this They've twisted our attendence into something approaching an endorsement Should we send a nasty letter?  df
Lee Huber
04/04/2001 09:33 AM
FYI
FYI 
Gina
World's Largest Energy Companies Attend TIBCO Software's Energy Technology 
And Trading Conference
04/04/2001
PR Newswire
Enron, Dynegy, Texaco and Other TIBCO Customers That Depend on Real-Time 
Trading and Systems Integration Meet In Texas
HOUSTON, April 4 /PRNewswire/ -- TIBCO Software Inc. (Nasdaq: TIBX) is 
hosting more than 200 customers, partners and prospects at its annual Energy 
Users Conference today through Thursday in Houston, Texas. Customer attendees 
include Enron, Dynegy, Reliant Energy, El Paso Corporation, Altra Energy 
Technologies, Coral Energy, Duke Energy, Mirant, Marathon, Texaco, TXU 
Energy, Equiva, Williams and more. Systems Integrator participates include 
Accenture, Luminant, Zetta Works, and Deloitte Consulting. 
During the conference, TIBCO, a leading provider of real-time e-business 
infrastructure software that powers real-time energy trading floors, will be 
announcing several new customers, and a number of existing customers will be 
demonstrating how they use TIBCO's energy business integration solution to 
grow within any economic condition. Additionally, several of TIBCO's systems 
integration partners will discuss how they depend upon TIBCO products to 
create technology solutions specific to the energy industry. 
"Companies that don't adopt technology solutions that enable real-time 
Internet trading and systems integration, will not survive in the deregulated 
energy market," said Vivek Ranadive, chairman and CEO, TIBCO Software. 
"Real-time trading and systems integration is exactly what TIBCO's software 
provides. That's why the world's leaders, and all of those looking to 
catch-up, are attending this conference" 
About TIBCO Software Inc. 
TIBCO Software Inc. is a leading provider of real-time e-business 
infrastructure software. TIBCO's four product lines -- TIBCO 
ActiveEnterprise(TM), TIBCO ActiveExchange(TM), TIBCO ActivePortal(TM) and 
TIBCO Extensibility(TM) -- enable businesses to integrate enterprise 
applications, interact with other businesses in B2B commerce, and efficiently 
deliver personalized information through enterprise portals. TIBCO's products 
enable the real-time distribution of information through patented technology 
called The Information Bus(TM), or TIB(R). TIB technology was first used to 
digitize Wall Street and has since been adopted in diverse industries 
including telecommunications, electronic commerce, manufacturing and energy. 
TIBCO's global direct customer base includes more than 800 customers from 
around the world such as Cisco Systems, Yahoo!, Ariba, NEC, Enron, Sun 
Microsystems, GE Capital, Philips, AT&T, Pirelli and AOL/Netscape. 
Headquartered in Palo Alto, California, TIBCO can be reached at 650-846-1000 
or on the web at www.tibco.com.
Art
on the first page.
The information contained in this e-mail message is intended only for the 
personal and confidential use of the recipient(s) named above. This message 
may be an attorney-client communication and/or work product and as such is 
privileged and confidential. If the reader of this message is not the 
intended recipient or an agent responsible for delivering it to the intended 
recipient, you are hereby notified that you have received this document in 
error and that any review, dissemination, distribution, or copying of this 
message is strictly prohibited. If you have received this communication in 
error, please notify us immediately by e-mail, and delete the original 
message.
- 4%P001!.DOC
Thanks Brian.  I'd delete ", oil and gas pipeline" and replace it with 
"utility" at the end of line 3 to make it a bit broader.  Also, I've run this 
by Lou and Dot for their input.  If they are OK, pls post it and email the 
final back to me.   Thanks.  df
Brian Schaffer
04/04/2001 04:19 PM
Laura:
Here's an updated version of the posting based upon Drew's comments 
Drew:
Feel free to take one more crack at it if necessary.  Otherwise, we'll have 
it up on various sites.  Laura and I will scan resumes received and bring to 
your attention any viable candidates.
Brian
Assistant General Counsel 
Enron Transportation Services is seeking a Commercial/Transactional Attorney 
with a minimum of 7-10 years of transaction-based and regulatory experience 
at a major law firm or corporation.  Candidate must have significant 
experience in drafting, negotiating, and closing complex commercial 
agreements in a regulated, oil and gas pipeline environment.  This position 
requires close interaction with clients and external counsel, strategic 
business development skills, solid knowledge of federal regulatory 
requirements, risk management and assessment experience, and strong project 
finance exposure.   Strong academic credentials, excellent analytical, 
organizational and written skills required.
Can anyone remember if they worked on this last year?  I only remember that I 
didn't know what it was then and I still don't know what it is.   Thanks.  DF
Ava Syon
12/22/99 11:41 AM
Attached hereto, please find a copy of the Compliance Report that may be 
used to report 1999 compliance activities.
In addition, I am sending this material to each of you via lotus, and/or the 
Internet, if appropriate, so that yu might have the form at your disposal.
Please note that thes reports are due March 31, 2000.
We intend to submit the documentation to the Audit Committee of the Enron 
Corp. Board of Directors at the October, 2000 meeting.
The 1998 Enron Corp. Compliance Report submitted by each of the operating 
entities will be sent to each of you under separate cover.
Please call Sharon Butcher at (713) 853-7224 if you have any questions.
Thank you.
Ava
Lets talk about this--you or I probably have the most to add in a group like 
this, but Lee may be the right choice because she is in Houston.  Thanks.  DF
Harry Kingerski@EES
01/04/2000 09:25 AM
Drew - I talked to Mike Moran this morning and he suggested you for 
participation in this corporate working group (see below).  Very glad to have 
you.  Other group members are from  various parts of Public Affairs, both 
U.S. and International.  Mike also said you may want to have Maria Pavlou 
participate, which I leave up to you.  The perspective from the pipeline 
group will be a great addition to our effort.
Please see the note below and respond at your earliest convenience.  Thanks 
very much.
Harry Kingerski
12/29/99 11:20 AM
Sent by: Judy Pearson
One of Steve Kean's newly formed Working Groups is for "Rates & Tariffs".  I 
have been asked to lead this group.  For those of you who don't know me, I am 
in Houston in the U.S./Canada Government Affairs group, in a section called 
"Rates/Regulatory Services."  Our working group will have about a dozen or so 
people from various parts of Public Affairs.  You have been 
selected/volunteered to participate in this effort by your group leaders 
The Working Group members are:
Ray Alvarez
Sergio Assad
Roy Boston
Mike Grimes
Kyran Hanks
Rita Hartfield
Nancy Hetrick
Tom Hoatson
Paul Kaufman
Valeria Lima
Bob Neustaedter
Having this group will give us a great opportunity to identify needs related 
to rate and tariff issues across many business lines and countries, share 
resources, problems and solutions, and generally improve the cohesiveness of 
Steve's organization   One of our first tasks will be to think through and 
concretely specify what we expect to accomplish as a group.   We do not have 
a specific product mandate per se - it will be up to us to figure it out and 
deliver it.   Some possibilities are - identifying rates and tariffs policy 
positions, developing policies where none now exist, but are needed, 
identifying rates and tariff resources available to the group, and acquiring 
resources needed by the group. 
As a preliminary matter, could you e-mail me your group name, position, 
location, phone, e-mail address, and "area of expertise".  We will assemble 
this information in a roster to be distributed to the group.
Early in January, we will be in touch to check availability and schedule an 
initial meeting.  Please be as flexible as possible.  In some cases, we are 
many time zones apart and it will be difficult to match everyone's desired 
time. 
As a second preliminary matter, please give some thought to and e-mail me 
what you think a group like this should accomplish.  Remember, the roster 
above has some of the world's leading authorities on rates and tariffs!   We 
will compile both the complete roster and your ideas on group goals and 
distribute them to everybody prior to our first actual meeting.   At that 
first meeting, we will talk through expectations of us and of each other, and 
the proposed goals Please have your inputs to me by January 7.  I look forward to working with 
you 
As I mentioned in my voice mail, please check up on the signing bonus we 
agreed to pay Tony Pryor.  He didn't get it and we need to get that fixed 
asap.  I'll be at 37555 tomorrow and back in Omaha Monday.  If you learn 
something tomorrow and can't get ahold of me, please leave me a voice mail Thanks.  DF 
Per our discussion at lunch, excellent memo.  I don't know if it will make=20
John and Rockey feel any better, but the emphasis on results is exactly the=20
right message. =20
=20
=09
=09
Earlier this week, the Office of the Chairman announced that Kent Miller has=20
been elected a vice president of Enron.
Kent is the first (of what I hope will be several) such promotion(s) under=20
Enron=01,s new Performance Review Committee (PRC) process.  He and the other=20
individuals selected for promotion to vice president and managing director=20
were elected based on their track records.
In Kent=01,s case, he earned his appointment by demonstrating exceptional=20
leadership, innovation and excellent earnings performance in developing NNG=01,s=20
storage transactions, as well as in his other marketing responsibilities.
This round of promotions is noteworthy because it is the first based solely=20
on outstanding accomplishments, rather than on the availability of open=20
hierarchical positions.  As a result, while performance expectations continue=20
to increase, there will be far greater opportunity for advancement throughout=20
the corporation.
Please join me in congratulating Kent on this achievement.
Great--thanks for the thorough work.  DF
Me too.  Procrastination pays off again!  DF
Dorothy McCoppin
01/27/2000 10:22 AM
fine.  I was going to pass around, but had not yet done so... so I did not 
send them around.
--Dot
01/27/2000 09:36 AM
Louis Soldano
Louis Soldano
Louis Soldano
01/27/2000 09:36 AM
01/27/2000 09:36 AM
agreed.  It might be best if our next staff meeting we discussed these - with 
appropriate caution...i did pass around a copy of Operations Objectives
Michael Moran
01/26/2000 03:09 PM
I recently provided each of you with a copy of the 2000 Goals and Objectives 
for GPG. At a meeting yesterday Stan asked that we keep these somewhat 
confidential because of the inclusion of the Clean Fuels objective. 
I don't think I have this information.  Do you?  Lets talk.  Thanks. DF
Eric Benson
02/08/2000 03:42 PM
In doing some research for Dorothy regarding salaries charged to work orders, 
I was advised by Judy Lin and James Weitekamp with accounting, that we need 
to provide Judy Lin with a payroll fixed percentage distribution by 
employee.  For example:
RC - 0237 Eric Benson .10 Navajo Work Order (work order number)
.90 salary charged to RC
The report to Judy should be for each employee within your respective RC's I have the allocation or percentages for Lou's RC but do not have the 
percentages for Drew and Dorothy.  If you like, please provide this 
information to me and I will be happy to send the request on to Judy Lin in 
accounting who will make all necessary corrections for January and February 
payroll.
Eric
Are you on of this?  DF
You all should have received by now a photocopy of the 1998 Compliance 
Report from the Enron Gas Pipeline Group Compliance Committee that may be 
used to report 1999 compliance report activities.  In my January 5, 2000 memo 
to you all, we requested that handwritten comments/updates be provided to my 
attention by February 15th.
I have yet to receive any such comments/updates.  Please provide any 
comments/updates by the end of this week so the report can be finalized and 
sent to Sharon Butcher within the time frame she requested.  If there are no 
comments/updates, please let me know.
Thanks,
Eric Benson
Research Analyst
Please send it to me--I'm not sure its a good fit in our dept., but I'll 
discuss with our group.  Thanks. DF  
I received a resume from a Creighton Law School student (will graduate May, 
2001) requesting an internship in either marketing, regulatory or legal Prior to entering law school, he worked as an assistant to the General 
Counsel of Duke Energy in Denver  (from May, 1997 - August, 1998) where he 
became  familiar with some of the regulatory/legal aspects of the natural gas 
transportation and processing industry.  He indicates that he is particularly 
interested in gaining knowledge regarding compliance with FERC regulatory 
requirements and interstate pipeline tariffs.  He's done paralegal work for 
several attorneys in the Denver area since April, 1996 and while attending 
the Denver Paralegal Institute (ABA Paralegal Certificate received in June, 
1996).  He also has a BA in History/Political Science from Jamestown College 
in Jamestown, ND, in 1995.
It's not often that we have an opportunity to bring in an intern with some 
experience in the industry.   Please let me know if you are interested in 
reviewing his resume and can find some meaningful work for him this summer.
Please join me in congratulating our colleagues on their promotions.  Dari 
Dornan, Maria Pavlou and Jim Talcott have been promoted to Senior Counsel 
III, effective June 1.  Additionally, Kathy Ringblom has been promoted to 
Senior Legal Assistant, also effective June 1.  Congratulations, Dari, Maria, 
Jim and Kathy and thank you for your motivation, enthusiasm, and consistently 
high quality work!  DF
I am advised that some of you have not exhibited the requisite amount of 
"pep."  For lawyers and paralegals, you need to pick your reviewers online if 
you haven't already done so.  5 or 6 would be sufficient althought the 
computer lets you pick up to 10.  For those of you who picked more than 5 or 
6 I have reduced that number, based on my thoughts about which of your chosen 
reviewers have had the most direct contact with you and are most likely to 
give a thorough review.  Let me know if you think I really blew it.  For 
secretaries, the online stuff is optional.  If you don't use it, I will 
solicit input from the people you work with like I have in the past and 
consolidate it with my own comments on one form.   Thanks.  DF
I believe Allday is being deposed in Austin, which is still the capital of 
Texas, not the United States (although I understand that our next president 
is thinking about changing that!)  DF
Mike McGowan
05/26/2000 03:29 PM
In your weekly report, I noted that Martin Allday's deposition is scheduled 
righ before mine on June 6-7.  I also seem to recall that due to some medical 
issues, Mr. Allday's deposition will be conducted in Washington DC.  If our 
lawers and Conoco's lawyers will be in DC, I could just as easily fly to DC 
vs. Houston for my deposition 
Is this worth pursuing 
Jean, I'm on the road in Houston and can't get into PEP.  It doesn't show up 
as an icon on the laptop when I get online throught the dial up program Please let me know how to get into it as I've got about a hundred reviews to 
do and I'll be on the road constantly for a couple weeks.  Thanks. dF 
Dave, I've had a technical conference come up at FERC on the 20th in a matter=20
that I'm responsible for.  Bill strongly suggested that I go to DC.  Now, I=20
may not be a rocket scientist, but I see pretty clearly the wisdom of=20
following Bill's advice.  I've let Mike Moran know and at Bill's suggestion,=20
asked him if he'd like a substitute to stand in for me (maybe Lou Soldano?). =20
Judging from the list of participants in this PRC, I assume I was partly an=20
ET&S representative and partly a GPG law representative.   I note that ET&S=20
is already pretty well represented with Neubauer,  Julia and Mike Nelson. =20
Without me, there is noone from law, but our people have already been PRC'd=20
anyway.  I'll leave it to you and Mike to decide if my spot needs to be=20
filled with someone from GPG law.  Sorry about this--just one more bit of=20
evidence that I "have issues."  DF
=20
=09
=09
Sent by: Lisa Costello
Ladies and Gentlemen:
As you know, GPG=01,s Manager Performance Review Committee (PRC), of which you=20
are members, is scheduled to meet Thursday afternoon, July 20, in EB49C2 from=20
1:30 to approximately 5:30 PM. You=01,ll note that our membership has expanded=20
to include Jim Prentice and Steve Hotte, who will represent managers in Enron=20
Clean Fuels and IT, respectively.
By July 20, each manager should have a pre-rating in the Performance=20
Evaluation Program (PEP) system.  Our task as a committee will be to=20
determine a final mid-year rating for each manager and achieve appropriate=20
distribution of performance levels across GPG.  The PRC=01,s results will be=20
reviewed at the GPG Management Committee=01,s PRC the following day.
The attachment below lists the employees we are reviewing and identifies=20
which of them you are expected to represent.  Please be prepared to discuss=20
their performance, including both their strengths and areas that need=20
improvement.=20
You=01,ll note that not all of you have specific managers assigned.  That=01,s okay=20
your insights regarding the performance of managers with whom you have=20
interacted during the year will be valuable to the process.  Furthermore, PRC=20
members who have a large group of mangers for whom you are responsible should=20
feel free to ask another committee member with fewer or no managers for help=20
in gathering the necessary performance feedback.
Finally, for your information Mary Ellen Coombe of EOTT Energy will be=20
joining us on the 20th as an observer.  EOTT expects to implement its own=20
version of the PRC process shortly.
Please let me know if you need additional information.
Here's one for you to chew on for awhile.  As we approach the transition to a 
new organizational structure in ET&S, let's rethink the role and competencies 
of the legal department.  I'd like each of you to answer the following 
questions and circulate your answers to me and each other.  To avoid having 
anyone's answers unduly influenced by anyone else's, please send your 
responses at 12 noon on Thursday.  No, this isn't being graded, and doesn't 
affect the PRC process or any other process.  I just want to get access to as 
much original thinking as possible.
1.  What is the ET&S law dept. currently best at?  (give one example 
2.  What is the ET&S law dept. currently worst at?  (give one example).
3.  Without regard for any past objectives, what should our top 3 objectives 
be?  (make these very specific--objectives like "We should manage legal and 
regulatory compliance and optimize shareholder value"  don't cut it 
Thanks for your responses.  DF
I think we both ought to (and the shippers as well if someone can talk them 
into filing).  We aren't a shipper but we do get happy customers and maybe 
even more throughput from the deal, so we clearly have a legitimate interest 
in expedited treatment.   DF
I'd suggest that Southwest Gas make the filing to expedite vs TW,  it always 
seems strange to me when someone other than the applicant files unless the 
party is an actual shipper which we are not--  thoughts???   MK
As you know, we are still waiting for FERC to issue the necessary certificate 
authority for the Southwest Gas/TW interconnect.  Ideally, the interconnect 
facilities would be approved so that they could be constructed by the Gallup 
in-service date.  Two of our Gallup shippers, Sempra and Reliant, have 
provisions in their Gallup contracts giving them the option to change their 
primary delivery point to the proposed Southwest Gas interconnect.  The TW 
commercial group approached me about a motion to expedite based on this 
contractual right.  (Keith, I know we've spoken about this before with 
Lorraine).  Lorraine called her business contact at Reliant, and Reliant's 
regulatory counsel in D.C. called me today to get more information.  He 
sounded very positive about filing a motion to expedite a decision in this 
proceeding and I sent him the relevant background information to get him 
started.  Getting Sempra to consider filing a similar motion might be more 
difficult, but Jeff Fawcett is going to work on his business contact there 
I am going to put together and circulate a motion or letter to FERC from TW, 
stating that TW's ability to provide service to its shippers will be affected 
unless certificate authority is granted soon.  Any comments in the meantime 
-- let me know.
Got plans for lunch on  Wed. sep. 27th?  I'll be down and eager to chat.  DF
Interesting.  I'll work with MKM and Maria on getting answers to AA's 
questions and comments.  I think we can eliminate the specific cross 
references between the two agreements, but is that the real problem or is AA 
going to choke on our execution of both agreements with the same party (that's a tough one to wire around, if it is their real concern).  Thanks.  DF
Heather Mueck
12/17/99 09:32 AM
George -
Stan asked that I forward our comments on to you regarding the TW Compression 
Services Agreement and the Purchase and Sale Agreement.  If you would like to 
discuss, we will be available early next week.  Thanks.
Stanley Farmer
11/29/99 12:44 PM
George Fastuca
11/24/99 09:06 AM
Stan, attached is the latest draft of the compression services agreement 
related to the TW compression monetization effort. Since you've reviewed it 
last, nothing material has changed as you can see from the red-lined version. 
We would like to file for regulatory approval soon. Pls let me know if you 
have any questions - thanks.
I'll send the updated PSA agreement in a separate Email.
Maria Pavlou
11/19/99 10:57 AM
In case you didn't have this old message.  Below is the latest draft of the 
Services Agreement.  I will also reforward to you the latest drafts/exhibits 
of the Purchase and Sale Agreement.  Thanks, Maria
Maria Pavlou
11/05/99 04:33 PM
Attached is a revised redlined draft of the above-referenced  Agreement which 
incorporates comments from regulatory and Mike Bryant with V&E.  We have 
added a new Appendix 1 to cover the Assets subject to this Agreement rather 
than refer to the Exhibit in the Purchase and Sale, as well as an exclusivity 
provision regarding use of the Assets.  We've also added a reference to the 
arbitration section in the event the oversight committee cannot agree to 
changes necessary or desirable to the assets 
Steve!  I was sorry to hear that you have been out sick and generally having 
a hard time.  Hope you are feeling better and that it is nothing serious The rumor is that the most likely cause of your headaches is you colleagues No surprise there!  Adios, DF 
Christmas pics?  Didn't you get the Christmas card with pics?  We shouldn't 
have outsourced the mail room function--quality control has gone to hell Come to Omaha and hang out for a couple of days and I'll give you some pics 
in person!  DF  
Paul Gertsen  On Wed, 16 Feb 2000 Drew.Fossum@ wrote:
 Just got notice of our 20 year reunion.  I'd rather be slathered with jam
 and staked to an anthill.
Which I have done - and is not bad, depending on who is doing the
staking 
 The clincher for me on my decision to skip it was the list of people
 they have not been able to locate.  What would a reunion be without
 Tim Flynn, Ronnie Marvel (of the comic book Marvels?) and Jeff
 Wittenhagen 
Seems to me they were looking for Flynn 10 years ago, too. I remember at
that time, Rod Merriam told me something about how the "FBI" was looking
for Flynn, at least according to his mom. I DO remember that he was filing
for bankruptcy in the mid-80's. Then he dissapeared. (Used to live in
Crystal, or New Hope or somewhere.)
 If you didn't get it, give me a fax number and I'll send it to you.
 DF
Oh,....I got it. And a professional job it was, too. Notice that there is
no "send to" address. Only phone #'s.
Yeah- like I'm gonna call Jeff Hogue.
pkg
Hey-  Where are the Christmas pics of "da goils"?
STEAKS?  We got em--stay at our joint and eat big meat 3 times daily.  I've 
got the grill set up so I can flip steaks while sitting in the hot tub 
drinking beer--its sort of like that Yahoo TV commercial where the sad eskimo 
family radically changes their lifestyle by ordering the grill and hot tub 
off the web.  DF
Paul Gertsen  On Wed, 16 Feb 2000 Drew.Fossum@ wrote: