Rob Henk
- bid2001A.xls
the attachment did not come thru
Service Level:  All volumes will be firm.  Buyer must flow 100% of purchased 
volumes.  If Phillips is not satisfied with Buyer's flow performance, 
Phillips may cut any or all gas during the month of f low, and may terminate 
all remaining months of contracted volume upon 15 days written notice to 
Buyer.
Tier 1
WFS Milagro Plant: (WFS Agreement-Agreement Transfer):  10000 mmbtu/day 
Price:  Inside FERC El Paso San Juan Index minus $.09.
Tier 2
WFS Milagro Plant (WFS Agreement-Agreement Transfer):  25000 mmbtu/day
Price:  Inside FERC Northwest Rockies Index plus $.09
El Paso Natural Gas Company San Juan Blanco Pool:  40000 mmbtu/day
Price:  Inside FERC Northwest Rockies Index plus $.09
WFS Ignacio Plant (WFS Agreement-Agreement  Transfer):  30000 mmtu/day
Price:  Inside FERC Northwest Rockies Index minus $.04.
Special Terms and Conditions:  Buyer and Seller may mutually agree to convert 
any portion of the contracted volume to a fixed price or to a Gas Daily Conversion to Gas Daily can occur no later than NX3.  If no price conversion 
takes place, the gas will be sold at the agreed upon index price or default 
price 
ENA is not interested in trigger deals based upon partial flows. 
Please call if you have any questions regarding this matter.
This is the last month for the PNM Ignacio Plant deal.  ENA has decided not 
to extend the deal at their price.
Term:  April 1, 2001- March 31, 2002
Contract Price:  I.F. El Paso San Juan Basin less $.09
Firm Daily Quantitiy:  10000 mmbtu/day
Delivery Point(s):  Delivered to PNMGS at the tailgate of the Williams Field 
Serives Ignacio Plant into Transwestern at Ignacio Plant;at the TW Blanco Hub 
; at WFS Kutz Plant into PNMGS; Milagro Plant into  Blanco Hub; or any other 
mutually agreeable pointsinto PNMGS.
Special Conditions:
ENA will selelct, nominate, and deliver the firm daily quantity at any of the 
Delivery Point(s).  ENA will notify PNM no later than 3:30 p.m. M.T. one day 
prior to gas flow day (Cycle 2) of the selected Delivery Point(s).
I want to penalize them for the volumes they are not taking on the trigger 
deal.  I know they are not going to pay but I still want to bill them 
anyway.  So- is the SW gas contract a one-way contract.  we are bound by 
their terms but they are not.
Looks good. Please book this.  Thank you.
DO NOT PAY PENALTY
why can't we use their contract to bill penalties
Darla Saucier@
03/01/2001 08:24 AM
Laurie Ellis said I should forward this to you.  Please advise.
Darla Saucier
02/14/2001 10:41 AM
National Fuel Marketing is invoicing us for penalty charges for the month of 
Dec 2000 on the above referenced deal.  They say that they were cut on the 
firms deliveries by 4,344 mmbtu on El Paso Pipeline.  The penalties they have 
calculated amount to $15,324,12.  I have a letter from them if you need a fax 
copy.  Please let me know if you agree with this penalty charge.  See info 
below.
Call me if you have any questions at X 3-4561 
Thanks
Darla Saucier 
Client Services
take that back price is 17.10
I show 17.00
Enron Energy Services
The article just discussed on CNNfn.
Told Larry we would get together for dinner when he gets to Houston-
wouldn't it be fun to see him again? More details later. Do you have an
e-mail address at home yet? This is mine.
 Deb/Leslie
 My apologies for not responding to you both for the incredibly touching
 E-mail card.  One of my more emotional moments in the last few months.
 Actually, I had teared up and shorted out my computer while attempting
 to send a gracious response, the result being an electrical shock that
 sent me in a fit of utter gaggle babble whereby I went charging around
 my office yelling "I can solve the California Energy Crisis, I can solve
 the California Energy Crisis!".  Fortunately, I have come to my senses
 and have realized I don't need to solve the California Energy Crisis,
 they deserve everything they get.