I'm with you.  I told my wife I thought it would be a 3 touchdown game, but a 
49 point margin is unacceptable.  I was at the game and it was as if the 
Texas coaches got a bunch of guys from the frat houses this week and put 
together a game plan on Saturday morning before kickoff.  They were out of 
position, slow, unmotivated, and flat out not prepared to play.  I like Brown 
and actually think he is a good fit, but at some point you actually have to 
coach.  I lay this all at his feet.  Obviously the coordinators bear some 
major responsibility as well.  I really don't know what to expect for the 
remainder of the season.  They obviously are not as bad as they showed on 
Saturday.  But the fact remains that they are capable of playing that poorly 
on any Saturday, and I really did not think that with this defense they could 
be humiliated.  I was very wrong.  Something has to change.  The fact is they 
are 3-5 in the last 8 games.  And were favored in all but one.  Lack of 
talent is no longer an excuse.  I think the entire remainder of the season 
hinges on this Saturday.  If they play as poorly as they have all season 
(they have beaten 3 terrible teams, and lost to a bad one) against Colorado, 
they will lose and I could see them finishing at 6-5 and even 5-6 not out of 
the question.  For this reason, I think that this could be the biggest game 
of Brown's tenure at UT.  What do you think?
It looks like we need to be consistent in booking the GD spread deals.  Take 
a look at the example and please remember to book all future deals in a 
similar manner.  If you have any questions, please let me know.  Thanks.
DG
Hi Dutch,
I was hoping you could spread the word to the book admins regarding a data 
entry methodology requirement for Gas Daily 4 legged deals. The Confirms 
group is working with Ricky Dang to expand the logic and capabilities of 
their systems to accomodate automated confirms on deals done in the new 
format, but in order for this to work, it is critical that all Gas Daily 4 
legged deals entered manually into TAGG be booked in the same leg order as 
those which bridge automatically. Although the legs can technically be 
entered in any order as far as Risk is concerned, such deviations will cause 
failures from the confirm end. If the Gas Daily book admins can follow the 
same entry order used in deal # Q25289.1, .2, .3, .4 , the Confirms Group 
should be able to work with it from there. Just let me know if this will 
create any problems from your end. Thanks!
Torrey
Scott Crowell  As many of you already know, I have taken a job outside of Oracle and am
now living in Dallas.  I will only have this email until Friday, October
6, 2000.  After that, please use:
scott_crowell@hotmail.com
I will send my new email address as soon as I get hooked up at the new
job.  My address and phone number in Dallas is:
4233 Travis Street, #29
Dallas, Texas 75205
214.521.8878
I will have the same cell phone for at least another couple of weeks,
and I will send that new number at a later date.
Scott
- scott.crowell.vcf
Regina,
As we discussed yesterday, I need access to West deals in Sitara.  At a 
mininum I still need access to all Chicago/Midwest deals also.  Thanks.
DG    3-9573
Effective today,  Darron Giron will assume the responsibility of West 
Controller.  Darron brings tremendous knowledge,  both from the risk side of 
the business and settlements.  Please join me in congratulating Darron on his 
new responsibilities.
Jeremy,
I want to move all deals currently in the INTRA-EMWMEH book into the 
FT-IM-ENOV book.  Attached is a forwards detail by risk of the deals in 
question.  Let me know if you have any further questions.  I need this done 
this week if possible.  Thanks.
DG    3-9573
Today's credit report