Hi!
For some reason I can not open this file - could you please send me 
a hard copy to (713) 646-8453 fax.
Thank 
you!
Have you had a chance to review these spreadsheets? Please let me know. Thank 
you.
I had Lee ann Chance reallocate the volumes for Louis Dreyfus and we still 
could not come up with the $ totals Louis Dreyfus invoiced us for. So I had 
Carla McLaughlin of Louis Dreyfus fax me the files they used to calculate 
their invoice on these deals. Please review the attached files and let me 
know if this is the way this deal should be calculated. Thank you.
Carla McLaughlin  OK let's try this again. Sorry for the confusion. 
Thanks, 
Carla McL 
- ENRONGAS(0101).xls
- ENRONGAS(1200).xls
A woman went to a pet shop and immediately spotted a large beautiful parrot. There was a sign on the cage that said $50.00. "Why so little," she asked the pet store owner.=20
The owner looked at her and said, "Look, I should tell you first that this bird used to live in a house of prostitution, and sometimes it says some pretty vulgar stuff."=20
The woman thought about this, but decided she had to have the bird anyway. She took it home and hung the bird's cage up in her living room and waited for it to say something. The bird looked around the room, then at her, and said, "New house, new madam."=20
The woman was a bit shocked at the implication, but then thought "that's not so bad."  When her two teenage daughters returned from school the bird saw them and said, "New house, new madam, new girls."=20
The girls and the woman were a bit offended but then began to laugh about the situation. Moments later, the woman's husband, Keith, came home from work.=20
The bird looked at him and said, "Hi Keith."
A woman went to a pet shop and immediately spotted a large beautiful parrot. There was a sign on the cage that said $50.00. "Why so little," she asked the pet store owner.=20
The owner looked at her and said, "Look, I should tell you first that this bird used to live in a house of prostitution, and sometimes it says some pretty vulgar stuff."=20
The woman thought about this, but decided she had to have the bird anyway. She took it home and hung the bird's cage up in her living room and waited for it to say something. The bird looked around the room, then at her, and said, "New house, new madam."=20
The woman was a bit shocked at the implication, but then thought "that's not so bad."  When her two teenage daughters returned from school the bird saw them and said, "New house, new madam, new girls."=20
The girls and the woman were a bit offended but then began to laugh about the situation. Moments later, the woman's husband, Keith, came home from work.=20
The bird looked at him and said, "Hi Keith."
Elizabeth Rivera@
03/06/2001 09:14 AM
  Three women all worked in the same office with the same female boss.
Each
  day, they noticed the boss left work early. One day, the women decided
  that, when the boss left, they would leave right behind her.