I know it's getting tough with all the forwards, but I really thought
you might be moved by this.  I certainly was.
Love,
Diane
finally, pictures that don't show destruction
It's good to know that we are thought of around the world!
__________________________________________________
Terrorist Attacks on U.S. - How can you help?
Donate cash, emergency relief information
Further to Ken Lay's announcement this morning, Enron Canada will also match 2 for 1 all donations made to relief organizations in response to the United States disaster.  Please use the attached form to enable us to track and match your donations.  Forward to Megan Scott for processing.
Here is the Canadian Red Cross website for donation information 
Thank you. 
As most of you already know I am leaving Enron after five years to go to Harvard MBA School.  My times at Enron have been beyond the expectations that I had when I stepped into trading hourly power at odd hours of the night  when  I first became an Enron analyst.  Since the very beginning, Enron has given me the chance to demonstrate my talents and the chance to prove myself.  No other company would have given those chances at such a young age.  I like to think that I repaid the favor to at least some degree and am leaving Enron a little stronger than it would have otherwise been 
Even though I contemplated several other opportunities to leave over the last five years, I never left for another company.  I came to realize that the people that work here are the best, and I have always strived to be among the best.  Aside from the professional skills and energy, the people here have become good friends of mine.   Enron is among the best corporations in the world because of the high quality of people that we have attracted over the years.
Special thanks to Jim Fallon, Jeff Golden, Mark Muller, Dave Delainey, Kevin Presto, and Rogers Herndon, all of  whom have provided me direction and excellent leadership during my time here.
Please find my forwarding email address, phone numbers, and address.  If any of you need anything or come to Boston please look me up, I will always buy the first beer!  Good luck to you all.
Your friend,
John
John Berger
520 Beacon Apt. 2F
Boston, MA 02115
617-424-7141 HM
713-417-3548 Cell
wberger@mba2003.hbs.edu
I don't remember my userid and password for the e-mail 4-life
I have got my page set-up in excel to print all the info.  The info is there.  I just don't think that Kim has her excel page setup to print the info (I assume she is the one printing it out for you).  Do you want me to call her?
john
this isn't rocket science.  can you put 10 or 20 analysts on trying to get the aeco basis trades to print on the same page.
TransAlta
Business Contact:	Chris MacDowall	phone: (403) 267-6949
phone: (403) 267-6905
Stephane Brodeur should be removed from the list.
I am not sure about Chris Lambie, whether he is joining the company.
Garrett Trip should be added as the Ontario Power trader (that market won't open until May 2002)
John,
Please review the list below and let me know if there are any changes for Stack Manager access.
Ryan Watt	RWATT	AECO Cash Trader	
Mike Cowan	MCOWAN	AECO Cash Trader	
Chris Lambie	CLAMBIE	AECO Term Trader	
Stephane Brodeur	SBRODEUR	BC Cash Trader	
Chad Clark	CCLARK5	BC Cash Trader	
Chris Dorland	CDORLAN	BC Term Trader	
Lon Draper	LDRAPER	Options Trader	
Cooper Richey	CRICHEY	Power Trader	
John Zufferli	JZUFFER	VP-Canada Trading	
Thank you,
Stephanie Sever
EnronOnline
713-853-3465
John Lavorato asked me to contact you regarding any and all info you have on the Owens Corning transaction in Alberta 
Please return my call at 403-974-6749
Have you reviewed that ladies resume that I gave you 2 weeks ago?
If so what do you think?
Corporately, we are not allowed to trade currency outside of Houston.  In the same way, we can't make markets on other traders' markets.  If EOL has enough products in currency, we may be able to post our numbers on the screen inside of the Houston currency traders' two-ways.  I am unsure if we are even allowed to do this.
Hi John,
I am interested in started a currency trading desk in this office. The ultimate goals of this would include providing tighter two-ways for our traders as well as improving our bottom line.   This would open up opportunity for investing in money markets outside of Canada and the US.   The Swiss Franc rose 5.5% versus the US dollar last week and I think that we are currently missing out on excellent opportunities to increase our income.  I think I could make money at currency trading, and this area shouldn't be overlooked. I understand that a substantial amount of preparation is required before this could happen.  Let me know whether or not you think this may be feasible and we can take it from there.
Thanks,
Ian 
This is pretty amazing.
Peter, click on link at bottom of message.
Scott Negraiff
Macleod Dixon
(403) 267-8175
How big were the World Trade Center towers?  Click here for comparison to Calgary skyline:
This letter is good , just get Sharon to give me a copy to sign.
Attached is draft letter to Power Pool:
As most of you know, American Airlines Flight 11 from Boston to Los Angeles was hijacked yesterday and then crashed into the north tower of the World Trade Center in New York.  We are very sorry to report that we believe an Enron employee was on board that flight.   Nick Humber, a director in Enron Wind's commercial origination group, was listed on the flight's manifest, and although his family has not received official confirmation that he boarded the flight, they have been unable to contact him.  Nick was based in Boston and was traveling to Los Angeles for a meeting.  We have talked with Nick's family and offered our full support.  Please continue to keep Nick's family and everyone affected by this horrific event in your thoughts and prayers.
I traditionally send them on Tues morning.  I will send it tomorrow.
Please send John's report today.
Becky Young
x30622
This is my uncle David in Monterrey.  I thought Cooper might find this
interesting.  My dad sent it to me.
love, jess
 Does this look like a hobby I would enjoy?
- david on spitzkoppe2.JPG 
Can you grant Chris Dorland all requested access for EOL trading.
John Zufferli
Just replace me with you
They have you listed as golfing tomorrow
Open the attachment if you are golfing in Banff.
(See attached file: APMA meeting sept 7 golf.xls)
- APMA meeting sept 7 golf.xls  
that was our plan but I am not sure whether UBS has the proper Canadian corporate structure to allow to do that yet
John,
Can you confirm whether or not you guys had planned to launch physical gas from day 1?
Dave
I have forwarded you e-mail to John Zufferli.  I don't know who in Canada had input into the Cdn. Operations timetable but I would have thought we would have wanted some physical day 1.  We have 5 of  8 traders here who are very, very, physical in what they have typically traded.  Hopefully John can give you some further insight.
Chris.
Chris,
Do you guys want to trade physical gas (and power?) from day 1?
If so, I note that Cdn. Operations timetable identifies this as a post day 1 item, as they think physical trades will not start until later.
Dave
i will attend
This is a friendly reminder that a representative of Financial Dynamics will be attending our office on Monday, September 10th at noon Calgary time (lunch will be provided), 2:00 pm Toronto time, to give a presentation on financial structures, innovative solutions to tax, retirement and other financial planning issues.
Kindly confirm/reconfirm your attendance in order that I may make the appropriate arrangements for this presentation. 
, Nella 
PS:  The Toronto office will be video conferenced in if Aleck, Paul or Chris are interested in participating.
Alberta Power Markets Association (APMA),  Banff Meeting, September 7, 2001
Location:
Rocky Mountain Resort, Banff
Summit Room (Main Building)
Agenda:
9:00      Coffee
9:30      Opening remarks
10:00     Discussion of the Alberta Power Market with the Minister of
Energy, Murray Smith
11:30     Move to Banff Springs Club House
11:45     Lunch (optional)
12:40     First Tee Time
Note about the meeting:
Our suggestion regarding the tone of this meeting is to forge a stronger
relationship between the market (the members of the APMA) and the
Government (the Honorable Minister of Energy Murray Smith).  The meeting
has been positioned with the minister's office as a discussion forum around
certain key fundamental topics (see points 1 to 4 below)
If you would like to discuss other topics that interest your company please
feel free to air these issues in the discussion.
We are suggesting that everything discussed in this form is held "off the
record"
Directions:
From Calgary, follow the Trans Canada Highway West to the first Banff exit
(Banff/Lake Minnewanka sign).
Turn left onto Banff Avenue and proceed towards downtown Banff.
The Banff Rocky Mountain Resort is the first hotel on the left, at the
corner of Banff Avenue and Tunnel Mountain Road.
Business casual or golf attire
Potential subjects, as relayed to the minister's office:
1. What is the Government planning to do with the Electricity market?
Over the past 12 months intervention by the government and governmental
agencies drastically affected the market for electricity.  These actions
caused dramatic sudden changes in forward market prices.  The APMA members
are concerned that this behavior (often given the idiom 'reactionary
regulation') will persist.
2. What is the Governments view on transmission lines to the US markets?
The prospect of transmission lines that would directly connect the Alberta
market with US market is an interesting subject to most power marketers.
What is the current position of the government on the how the building,
owning and marketing of these hypothetical transmission lines would work in
the new market?
3. What is the government planning to with the remaining unsold PPA?
Last years decision by the Balancing Pool to sell energy from the unsold
Power Purchase Arrangements in a single auction dramatically affected the
forward market for electricity.  With the balancing pool still the
custodian of the unsold PPAs ? What is the plan going forward for the
release of the unsold PPAs into the market.
(Embedded image moved to file: pic10607.pcx)
(Embedded image moved to file: pic03278.pcx)
- pic10607.pcx 
- pic03278.pcx 
For the trading group, not including back-office staff 
V.P.		1 - John Zufferli	
Director		3 - Mike Cowan, John Disturnal, Chris Lambie
Manager	1 - Bill Greenizan
Associate	2 - Cooper Richey, Rob Downer ( probably Chad Clark and Stephan Brodeur)
Analyst		7 - Ryan Watt, Lon Draper, Fabian Taylor, Ian Cooke, Carlos Torres, Chad Clark, Stephan Brodeur
Non-Commercal	4 - Murray Fichten, Mike Taylor, Tyler Seminuk, John Messenger
We probably need two more analysts
Not sure if you have seen this or not, but I thought it was cute 
On July 26, 2000, two friends, Jim and John, each received a $1000 bonus
at work.
(They both work for Nortel Networks, where in the summer of 2000, there
was LOTS of money around for bonuses). Jim, being an intelligent,
financially conscientious person, put the whole $1000 into Nortel
Networks stock. With his $1000, and the transaction cost of
$35, he was able to purchase 7 shares at $123 each. Having watched the
Nortel stock climb and climb, he felt very good about this investment,
happy that he is preparing for the future.
John, being a more care-free sort, did something slightly different with
his $1000. John borrowed a friend's truck, and proceeded to the
Beer Store, where he purchased 33 cases of beer. John also felt very
good about his investment: 33 cases x 24 = is 792 bottles of beer! John,
also
being an intelligent guy, although perhaps not as forward-thinking as
Jim, calculated that he could drink about 15 bottles per week, and he
wouldn't
have to buy beer for a whole year.
Jim, of course, was appalled by John's purchase, and berated him
constantly about it. As months went by, Jim excitedly watched the
stock prices, and saw it start to dwindle. "It'll go back up", he'd say
to Jim.  Jim, who has been reaping the benefits of his investment
on a daily basis, would reply, "Ya, it will.  Hang in there buddy "burp".
Months went by, and the value of the stock continued to fall, and there
was the beginnings of a noticeable dent in the beer pile. Midwinter came,
Jim's stock had fallen to about half of it's original value, and John's
beer was about half gone. Jim, being sure that the
stock had hit rock-bottom, still was berating John for his frivolous
purchase, telling him "Your beer will be gone in six months! Who knows
what my stock will be worth 
Well, summer has come, and hard times at Nortel continue. Bad news: Both
John and Jim have been affected by the layoffs.  Last week, in order to
raise some cash to help through the rough time, Jim sold his 7 shares, at
that day's value of $12, and got $84, then after paying the $35
transaction fee, he only had $49.
Jim stopped by John's house later that day (everyone needs their friend's
during rough times), and as luck would have it, there were
two bottles of John's beer left. John, being a good, compassionate
friend, offered to share his last two bottles of beer with his friend.
Jim appreciated the gesture, and enjoyed the cold beer on the hot
summer's day, but he felt a bit guilty.
"At least I got fifty bucks back out of it - you have nothing now.", he
said. "That's ok.", replied John.  "Perhaps you can help me, I need to
return all these empties.", he added as his other friend with the truck
pulled in. So, they loaded up the truck, and proceeded off to the beer
store.
Upon arrival at the beer store, they unloaded the empties, feeling a
little grim. John went to the counter, and collected his refund for the
bottles. "33 cases x 24 bottles, at 10 cents per bottle, that comes to
$79.20", the friendly Beer Store clerk said to John as he handed him the
money. Jim was speechless. Poor guy. Can you imagine  how you would feel
if you just discovered that over the course of the
last year, your $1000 stock investment left you with $50, and taking same
$1000, buying beer, and drinking it, would leave you with $80. I'll leave
it up to the reader to come up with they're own "moral to the story".
This afternoon is busy for Derek and I but we should be able to squeeze in a few minutes
Gentlemen, as you may be aware, we are looking at replacing the old desking furniture from Smed with new Smed trading desks.  The new desking system will allow us to add more people in your area.  Do you have time this afternoon to review and discuss a new floor plan using the new trading desks 
, Nella
I talked to Milly yesterday, he was ok with the concept of covering the 1 month salary.  I talked to Trish and the easiest/non-tax affected way to handle it is to submit expense forms.  The problem is if you sell the car at a loss, then the loss compensation is tax deductible, if you import the car, then the transport costs/imports duties can be submitted as an expense and is not exposed to taxes. I talked to Trish about exactly what you have proposed and she wasn't sure from an equity standpoint between what was given to other employees that she could do that. However, don't worry about it I'll do my best so that you are kept whole in one way or another.  The easiest position for me to push is if you actually want to keep your car, then you can expense the duty.
John,
Did you have a chance to talk to Dawn / Milly? Even if you want to work the flight / hotel / movers the usual way and then pay the balance as a "signing bonus" or something that would probably work. I am going to take a bath on my car in a big way. The option of moving my it back to Canada is out of the question as I just found out I would have to pay 6.1% import duty, 7% GST and about $400 in excise taxes and permits. Let me know.
Chris
Now that we can post numbers inside other market maker's numbers on EOL I expect no one to go the broker market for products that you are not the primary market maker.  Please mandate this policy with your traders.  As you always do, let me know if you disagree. 
With love
John
No I don't know about a power plant in Ontario.  How is it going in Seattle 
Hope all is well.  Give us a call sometime.
You may want to reply directly too.  Sounds like he did not get our messge.
jess
 Hi Kids: