- DONTFA~1.MPE
Interoffice
Memorandum
Enron's performance has been exceptional.  This performance is reflected in=20
our stock price, in the recognition we receive in the media and financial=20
communities, and, most importantly, in the enthusiasm of our people.  It has=20
been clear to us for some time that we are driving fundamental change in the=20
marketplace and that our natural gas, electricity and communications networks=20
can be positioned for even greater growth.  A =01&new economy=018 is emerging, an=20
economy based on intellectual capital and the compelling economics of=20
networks.  Capturing the opportunities in this new economy calls for=20
increased coordination and integration across our wholesale (ECT, ECM, EI),=20
retail (EES), and communications (ECI) businesses.  It is our intention to=20
combine the operations of these businesses into a cohesive organization that=20
will ensure we realize the growth we foresee in all our businesses.
To this end, we are initiating a number of organization and staffing changes=20
in these businesses and related changes in the Enron Office of the Chairman,=20
in Corporate Staff groups, and in a number of management/personnel=20
committees.  Other business units, EOG, GPG, PGE, and Azurix, will not be=20
directly affected.  Accordingly, the following changes are effective=20
immediately.
Enron Office of the Chairman
Joe Sutton will join the Office of the Chairman as Vice Chairman.  In his new=20
role, Joe will work with the two of us to manage the operations of the=20
company. =20
Rebecca Mark, previously Vice Chairman of the company, will now fully=20
concentrate on her responsibilities as Chairman and CEO of Azurix, our most=20
recent public company. Rebecca has also been elected to the Enron Board of=20
Directors, effective today.
Ken Harrison, previously Vice Chairman of the company, will fully concentrate=20
on his responsibilities as Chairman and CEO of Portland General Electric and=20
Non-Executive Chairman of Enron Communications.  Ken will continue to serve=20
on Enron's Board of Directors.
Redefined Business Units
ECT, ECM, EI, EES, and ECI will be regrouped into eight regions/businesses=20
and five global functions.  Each region/business will be operated as an=20
independent entity but will coordinate staffing, career paths, compensation=20
and performance review across all units.  Each global function will provide=20
its specialized expertise across all regions/businesses.  Included in these=20
functions is a new technology function, which will focus on information=20
systems and growth of our e-commerce capabilities where we believe there is=20
enormous potential.  These organizational units and their leadership are as=20
follows:
Regions/Businesses
North America:  Cliff Baxter, CEO; Kevin Hannon, COO
Europe:  Mark Frevert, CEO; John Sherriff, President; Dan McCarty, COO
South America: Jim Bannantine, Co-CEO; Diomedes Christodoulou, Co-CEO
India:  Sanjay Bhatnagar, CEO
Caribbean, Middle East:  David Haug, CEO
Asia, Africa:  Rebecca McDonald, CEO
EES:  Lou Pai, CEO; Tom White, Vice Chairman
ECI:  Joe Hirko, Co-CEO; Ken Rice, Co-CEO (Ken Harrison =01) non-executive=20
Chairman)
Global Functions
Risk Management:  Greg Whalley, CEO
Finance:  Andy Fastow, CFO; Jeff McMahon, Treasurer
Asset Operations:  Kurt Huneke, CEO
EE&CC:  Larry Izzo, CEO
Technology:  Mike McConnell, CEO
Corporate Staff
All corporate and EI staff units will be regrouped into six corporate staff=20
groups.  These staff groups will support all operations of Enron.  These=20
organizational units and their leadership are as follows:
Legal:  Jim Derrick, EVP and General Counsel; Rob Walls, SVP and Deputy=20
General Counsel
Risk Assessment and Control:  Rick Buy, EVP
Accounting and HR:  Rick Causey, EVP and Chief Accounting Officer
Investor Relations:  Mark Koenig, EVP
Other Staff Groups:  Steve Kean, EVP and Chief of Staff
Corporate Development:  To be determined.
Committees
A new Executive Committee will be formed to replace the existing Management=20
and Operating Committees.  Membership will be as follows:
Ken Lay, Chairman
Jeff Skilling, Alternate Chairman
Joe Sutton
Stan Horton
Jim Bannantine         Kurt Huneke
Cliff Baxter         Larry Izzo
Sanjay Bhatnagar        Steve Kean=20
Rick Buy         Mark Koenig
Rick Causey         Rebecca Mark (Ad hoc)
Diomedes Christodoulou        Mike McConnell=20
Jim Derrick         Rebecca McDonald
Andy Fastow         Jeff McMahon
Peggy Fowler         Lou Pai
Mark Frevert         Mark Papa (Ad hoc)
Kevin Hannon         Ken Rice
Ken Harrison         John Sherriff=20
David Haug         Greg Whalley
Joe Hirko         Tom White
=20
Four other committees, which will be essential to the success of this new=20
organization, will be formed.  These committees are:
Managing Director and SVP Personnel Committee:  Jeff Skilling, Chairman
Vice President Personnel Committee:  Kevin Hannon, Chairman
Vision and Values Committee: Joe Sutton, Chairman
Workforce Diversity:  Ken Lay, Chairman
Details of membership on these committees will follow shortly.
Summary
Over the next several weeks all of the specifics of this reorganization will=20
be further ironed out and communicated.  In the meantime, please bear with us=20
-  we are confident that these changes will have a significant, positive=20
impact on the operation and growth of the company.
=20
Hi Kelly,    Sorry I haven't gotten back to you sooner, but have been 
$109  Hartford, CT
$109  Burlington, VT
$109  Greensboro/Piedmont Triad, NC
$139  Albany, NY
$139  Rochester, NY
$139  Syracuse, NY
$149  Greenville/Spartanburg, SC
$159  Columbia, SC
$229  Sarasota/Bradenton, FL
$259  Los Angeles, CA
Remember, to purchase your low fare CO.O.L. Travel Specials, visit
Continental On-Line at
then click on Registered User to sign-in.  You can also purchase CO.O.L. 
Travel
Specials for an additional cost of $20 per ticket through our phone service at
1-800-642-1617.
FEATURED FARES SAMPLE DESTINATIONS.
Choose your fare, find your flight. Or, quickly sift through all our great
featured fares by choosing a destination or origin. Be spontaneous. Get out
of town. Current Featured Fares destinations include:
Anchorage, Colorado Springs, San Diego, San Francisco, West Palm Beach,
Seattle, Tampa and many more.
Note: Featured Fares change often. To see a regularly-updated online list
and purchase our Featured Fares, visit the website at
(Capacity controls and other restrictions apply)
CO.O.L. TRAVEL SPECIALS ON AVIS CAR RENTALS
For this week, cities include special rates for COMPACT cars:
(Rates are effective Saturday, June 10 to Tuesday, June 13, 2000)
Avis offers 10% off Weekend rates
Traveling to another city or on a different date not listed above?  Avis
will offer you 10% off weekend rentals.  Call your travel professional or
Avis at 1-800-210-6072 and ask for AWD # K358000.  Or reserve online by
clicking below to receive your special savings:
To reserve your great rate online, go to:
and include AWD # K295700 in the reservation form. Or call Avis at 1 800
331-1212 and mention AWD #: K295700.
For complete details please see our terms and conditions.
CO.O.L. TRAVEL SPECIALS FROM ALAMO RENT A CAR
This week, Alamo (R) offers great rates in the following cities. Rates
listed below are valid on economy class vehicles at airport locations
listed.  Other car types may be available. Rates are valid from Saturday,
June 10 to Tuesday, June 13, 2000.
To receive special Continental CO.O.L. discounted rates, simply make advance
reservations and be sure to request ID # 596871 and Rate Code 33. Book your
reservation online at:
or contact Alamo at 1-800 GO ALAMO.
*If you are traveling to a city or a different date that is not listed,
Alamo offers you up to 20% off their retail rates when you book online at
For complete details on these offers, please refer to Alamo's terms and
conditions below.
CO.O.L. TRAVEL SPECIALS WITH HOLIDEALS FROM HOLIDAY INN.
Save a minimum 40% on last minute weekend travel. To make reservations from
the U.S. or Canada, call 1-888-224-2424 and ask for the HOLIDEALS rate or
visit our website and book on-line at:
The following are this week's HOLIDEALS CO.O.L. Travel Specials:
City, Hotel, Rate
State/Area: District of Columbia
Washington  Holiday Inn Washington-Bethesda  $107.40
Washington  Holiday Inn Washington-Central  $89.40
Washington  Holiday Inn Rosslyn (Westpark)  $90.00
State:  Georgia
Atlanta Holiday Inn Select Atlanta-Airport South  $47.40
Atlanta Holiday Inn Atlanta-Midtown  $43.80
Atlanta Holiday Inn Select Atlanta-Peachtree Corners  $53.40
State:  Louisiana
Alexandria Holiday Inn Alexandria-Convention Center  $47.40
New Orleans Holiday Inn Select New Orleans-Airport  $65.97
State:  Ohio
Cleveland Holiday Inn Select Cleveland-Strongsville  $59.40
Cleveland Holiday Inn Cleveland-Westlake  $83.40
Cleveland Holiday Inn Cleveland-Elyria/Lorain  $59.40
State:  Texas
Dallas Area Holiday Inn Select Dallas-LBJ Northeast  $49.50
Dallas Area Holiday Inn Select Love Field  $59.40
Dallas/Ft. Worth Holiday Inn Select Dallas-Ft. Worth $65.40
Houston  Holiday Inn Houston-Astrodome  $77.97
Houston  Holiday Inn Houston-Intercontinental Airport  $47.97
Houston  Holiday Inn Houston- SW/Sugar Land/BLTW8 & 59 S  $47.40
San Angelo Holiday Inn San Angelo-Convention Center  $53.40
HOLIDEALS Terms & Conditions:
CO.O.L. TRAVEL SPECIALS ON HILTON HOTELS AND RESORTS
The following are this week's Hilton Hotels & Resorts Specials:
Rate         Hotel and City
Airport:  BDL
Rate:  $89/Night  Hilton Hartford, Hartford, CT  (Located in downtown
Hartford within walking distance to area attractions)
Airport:  CLE
Rate:  $99/Night  Hilton Cleveland South, Cleveland, OH (Located 8 miles
from the Rock-n-Roll Hall of Fame and downtown Cleveland)
Airport:  CLE
Rate:  $89/Night  Hilton Garden Inn Cleveland Airport, Cleveland, OH  (Just
two miles from Cleveland Airport, and only 12 miles from downtown.)
Airport:  DFW
Rate:  $79/Night  Hilton Arlington, Arlington, TX  (Includes full breakfast!
Great location between Dallas and Fort Worth!)
Airport:  DFW
Rate:  $119/Night  Hilton Dallas Parkway, Dallas, TX  (North Dallas
location, free shuttle to Galleria & Valley View shopping malls.)
Airport:  DFW
Rate:  $139/Night  Hilton DFW Lakes Executive Conference Center, Grapevine,
TX  (A lakeside setting, FREE airport and Grapevine Mills Mall shuttle
provided)
Airport:  DFW
Rate:  $99/Night  Hilton Garden Inn Las Colinas, Irving, TX (Great location
offering easy access to Dallas and Ft. Worth.)
Airport:  IAH
Rate:  $78/Night  Hilton Houston Hobby Airport, Houston, TX (Across from
Hobby Airport (free shuttle) - near Astroworld, NASA and racetracks.)
Airport:  IAH
Rate:  $109/Night  Hilton Houston Southwest, Houston, TX (Only 9 miles from
downtown Houston, Free shuttle to the Galleria Mall!)
Airport:  LAX/SNA
Rate:  $179/Night  Hilton Irvine/Orange County Airport, Irvine, CA  (Located
30 miles from LAX on the border of Irvine & Newport Beach)
Airport:  MSY
Rate:  $135/Night  Hilton New Orleans Airport, Kenner, LA (First-class hotel
at the airport, only 13 miles from the French Quarter!)
Airport:  MSY
Rate:  $129/Night  Hilton New Orleans Riverside, New Orleans, LA  (Only 3
blocks from the French Quarter, adjacent to the Riverwalk Mall.)
Airport:  RIC
Rate:  $89/Night  Hilton Richmond Airport, Sandston, VA  (Near Busch
Gardens, Aviation Museum and the Museum of the Confederacy. Colonial
Williamsburg is 40 minutes away)
To book this week's special rates for Hilton Hotels and Resorts, visit and
book on HiltonNet at
Special rates apply only for the dates listed at each hotel and are subject to
availability.  Check HiltonNet for specific dates at each Hilton Hotel.  Or,
call Hilton at 1-800-774-1500 and ask for Hilton Value Rates. Restrictions 
apply
to these rates.  For more details, visit Hilton.com at
and click on the special offers area, or call 1-800-774-1500.
CO.O.L. TRAVEL SPECIALS RULES:
Round-trip purchase is required.  Fares are non refundable and non
changeable.  Seats are limited and may not be available on all flights.
Tickets are valid between the cities listed.  Domestic U.S. flights may
originate from either city.  International travel must originate in the U.S
or Guam.  Travel is subject to availability and may change without notice.
CO.O.L. Travel Specials are valid on Continental or Continental Express in T
class only.  Travel must take place on the dates specified. Fares may not be
combined with any other air travel certificate, sale or promotion of any
kind.  Fares will not be honored retroactively or in conjunction with the
exchange of any wholly or partially unused ticket. One-ways, stopovers, open
jaws, circle trips, open segments, wait listing, standbys, and upgrades are
not permitted. Fares are subject to change without notice.  Immediate
ticketing is required.  Fares include a $9.30 fuel surcharge.  Passengers
returning on January 31, 2000 will not have to pay the $9.30 fuel surcharge.
Passenger Facility Charges, up to $12 depending on routing, are not
included. Up to Three dollars per segment federal excise tax, as applicable,
is not included.  Applicable International and or Canadian taxes and fees up
to $88, varying by destination, are not included and may vary slightly
depending on currency exchange rate at the time of purchase.  In the event
of a flight irregularity, alternate travel will be provided on Continental
or Continental Express only. To purchase tickets for children traveling
alone ages 14 and under, you must call Continental Airlines Reservations at
1-800-225-8605 (option #1).
DOMESTIC U.S. RESERVATIONS:
Immediate ticketing is required.  Simply purchase your round-trip coach
class ticket with your credit card, using Continental's E-Ticket.
Electronic ticketing or E-Ticket is a system that allows you to purchase
your tickets electronically, eliminating the need for paper tickets. Once
you've purchased your E-Ticket, try one of our E-Ticket Machines (ETM),
located in most major airports.  The ETM allows you to check-in and obtain a
boarding pass for the current days flight without standing in line.  In
cities without ETM's, simply provide photo ID at the ticket counter or gate.
Fares are non-refundable and non changeable.  The $29 service charge for
CO.O.L. OnePass Travel Specials is non-refundable.  If you require special
assistance, such as wheelchair assistance, special meals or unaccompanied
minors, you must contact Continental Airlines Reservations at 1-800-225-8605
(option #1) to purchase your desired flights.
INTERNATIONAL RESERVATIONS:
Immediate ticketing is required.  A one day advance is required for Ticket
By Express (Continental's Express-Mail delivery service).  Otherwise, you
may instantly purchase your ticket from a Continental City Ticket Office or
at any Continental Airport Ticket Office. International CO.O.L. Travel
Specials can be e-ticketed in markets that are e-ticket eligible. Tickets
are non-refundable and non-changeable.  Unused tickets may be applied toward
the purchase of a published roundtrip the purchase of a published roundtrip.
The $29 service charge for CO.O.L. OnePass Travel Specials is
non-refundable.  Passenger Facility Charges, up to $12 depending on routing,
are not included.  International and or Canadian taxes and fees up to $88,
varying by destination, are not included and may vary slightly depending on
currency exchange rate at the time of purchase.  In the event of a flight
irregularity, alternate travel will be provided on Continental or
Continental Express only.
ALAMO RENT A CAR'S TERMS AND CONDITIONS:
Taxes (including VLF taxes up to $1.89 per day in California and GST), other
governmentally-authorized or imposed surcharges, license recoupment fees,
and optional items (such as CDW Waiver Savers(R) up to $18.99 a day, fuel,
additional driver fee and drop charges) are extra. Renter must meet standard
age, driver and credit requirements. Rates higher for drivers under age 25.
Concession recoupment fees may add up to 10.5% to the rental rate at some
on-airport locations. Up to 10% may be added to the rental rate if you rent
at an off-airport location and exit on our shuttle bus. Weekly rates require
a 5-day minimum rental or daily rates apply. For weekend rates, the vehicle
must be picked up after 9 a.m. on Thursday and returned before midnight on
Monday or higher daily rates apply. 24-hour advance reservation required.
May not be combined with other discounts. Availability is limited.
AVIS CO.O.L. LEGAL TERMS/CONDITIONS:
Avis Rent a Car special rates are available for the car classes and cities
indicated at the Avis airport locations only, during the weekend in which
they are published via internet e-mail. To qualify for this rate, rental
must include a Saturday Night overstay.  Availability is limited at these
rates. Blackout dates may apply. Car rental return restrictions may apply.
Concurrent airline ticket may be required at car checkout.  Vehicles are
subject to availability.  Rates are non-discountable and cannot be combined
with any other special promotion, coupon or offer. Renter must meet Avis
age, driver, and credit requirements. Minimum age is 25 but may vary by
location.  Taxes, local government surcharges, vehicle licensing fee no
higher than $1.93/day in CA, $.50/day in HI, $.35/day in FL, $1.75/day in
MT, $.55/day in UT, $1.65/day in TX, airport recoupment fee of up to 15% and
optional items such as LDW ($19.99/day or less), additional driver fee, and
fuel service fee are extra. Canada rate is in Canadian dollars.
The 10% discount on weekend rentals is applicable only to the time and
mileage portion of the rental charge. An advance reservation is required.
Offer may not be used in conjunction with any other AWD number, promotion or
offer.  Weekend rate available from Thursday noon; car must be returned by
Monday 11:59 p.m., or higher rate will apply. Thursday/Friday weekend
rentals require a Friday night stayover. Offer and vehicles are subject to
availability at participating locations in the contiguous US, HI and Canada.
Car rental return restrictions may apply. This offer may not apply to all
rates at all times. Holiday and other blackout periods apply. Renter must
meet Avis age, driver and credit requirements. Check your automobile
insurance policy for rental vehicle coverage. Minimum age is 25 but may vary
by location; underage surcharges may apply at some locations. Taxes, local
government surcharges, vehicle licensing fee no higher than  $1.93/day in
CA., $.50/day in HI and $.35/day in FL, $.55/day in UT, $1.75/day in MT,
$1.65/day in TX, airport recoupment fee up to 15% at some locations (13.87%
in Canada), optional items such as LDW($19.99/day) ($20.95/day in Canada)
additional driver fee and refueling fee are extra.
products of Continental Airlines, Inc.  Any unauthorized use, reproduction,
or transfer of the message or its content, in any medium, is strictly
prohibited.
PLEASE DO NOT REPLY TO THIS EMAIL.  THIS IS A POST-ONLY MAILING; MAIL SENT
TO THIS ADDRESS CANNOT BE ANSWERED.
LOOKING FOR MORE INFORMATION ABOUT CO.O.L. TRAVEL SPECIALS?
Visit  
This page will also allow you to enroll in domestic or International CO.O.L.
Travel Specials FREE subscription e-mail service
TO UNSUBSCRIBE:
We hope you will find CO.O.L. Travel Specials a valuable source of
information. However, if you prefer not to take advantage of this
opportunity, please let us know by visiting the CO.O.L. Travel Specials page
on our web site at
TO SUBSCRIBE to the list, please visit the CO.O.L. Travel Specials page on
our web site at
Mike Curry
04/19/2000 04:24 PM
Below is the Entergy contact.  I will get back to you asap on how the desk 
intends to trade off the WSPP so you can prepare a memo for the traders Thanks, - Mike
Rogers Herndon
04/13/2000 08:58 AM
Mike 
I just spoke to my contact at Entergy.  They have moved exclusively to the 
WSPP contract to streamline their contracts department and protect them 
against inconsistent contractual language.  They are not bending on this 
requirement at this time.  As such, I think we need to proceed with signing 
this agreement unless there are any significant issues 
Could you coordinate the execution with legal ( I think E. Sager was working 
on this).  Arlyn Kelleher is the contact on Entergy's side.  Her # is 
281-297-3582.
Kevin, Kyle, Elizabeth - are there any significant issues that would prevent 
us from executing this contract?  We need them as a counterparty and I do not 
think sleeving is the answer.
Thanks,
Rogers
Mike - As much as I wanted to come to the June 12th WSPP meeting, a conflict 
arose which I am not able to get out of.  In my absence, I asked Christian 
Yoder to help out (general Enron thoughts) and Randy Osteen (Constellation to speak about the EEI "Into Product" if the group wants to understand  a 
little of the history behind it and how the product works (Randy actively 
participated in the review and formulation of the Into Product as well.
Sorry again for missing the meeting.
Talk to you soon.
Elizabeth
At the request of Christi Nicolay, attached please find the definition of an 
"Into Product" that was prepared by a group of industry participants working 
with the Edison Electric Institute (EEI)  (this definition is also available 
on the EEI web page).  The only other definition of an "Into" product of 
which I am aware is the information that is available on the Cinergy web page 
or the definition published by NYMEX for its "Into Entergy" product.  If you 
have any questions about the "Into" energy product that is so commonly traded 
in the over-the-counter market in the East (eg "Into Entergy", "Into TVA "Into Cinergy", "Into ComEd"), please don't hesitate to call me.
Elizabeth Sager
Enron Power Marketing, Inc.
Assistant General Counsel - Power Trading
713 853 6349
Attorney-Client Privileged Communication
Not Discoverable
Hi Tim
Leslie Reeves recently spoke to me about an outstanding receivable we still 
have relating to PCA 
PCA went into bankruptcy in 1998.  At the time of PCA's bankruptcy, PCA owed  
a $5.3 million receivable to EPMI.   On EPMI's books, this uncollected 
receivable amount was offset by an out-of-the money forward position EPMI had 
with PCA which we were able to take to zero when PCA defaulted (contract 
provided for one  way payments upon the occurrence of an event of default) 
and some funds from credit.  After netting all these amounts,  there is still 
a $600,000 receivable showing up as owed from PCA to EPMI.  Based on the 
current bankruptcy proceedings, it is not likely that EPMI will receive any 
additional funds from PCA (we have taken a very low key approach in the 
bankruptcy due to the lack of PCA funds, the extensive amounts owed by PCA to 
other creditors, the assertions being made by PCA against some of the other 
creditors, and the legal effect of the one-way payment termination payment 
that provided us a significant offset to the receivable).
Accordingly, unless I hear otherwise from you, I will talk to Leslie and tell 
her to go ahead and clean up the $600,000  PCA receivable now, and in the 
unlikely event PCA makes payments to any creditors,  we would then give such 
amounts received from PCA back to you. 
Call me if you have any questions.
Thanks
Elizabeth 
713 853 6349
Phone is busy so ..... Will have agreement shortly.  Please send fax numbers 
(no electronic  copy) where you want it sent.
Hope all is well.
I can go the 11th
Happy Birthday BG
fyi
Kristin Armstrong
10/04/2000 05:58 PM
The new cost centers for ENA Legal for 2001 are:  Power Trading (Sager 107061 & Industrial Markets (Murray) - 107062.  Please call with any 
questions.
Thanks,
Kris
Confidential; Attorney client work product; Not discoverable
Here is a rough draft.  I will also start on TVA letter.  Per my earlier vm, 
I am struggling with the benefit of a 2 year proposal vs. 7.  I'm not sure if 
we get any "cap" benefit from making a seven year deal even if TVA doesn't 
accept our offers (benefit would assume that TVA has an obligation to cover 
entire position which is contrary to what our outside counsel has said in the 
past.  According to Bob, since TVA is asking for specific performance, it may 
not be reasonable for TVA to cover entire period.  I will try to talk to him 
tonight.). If  TVA accepts one of our proposals and then we lose the 
termination argument, what do we do? Supply? Terminate Again? In either case 
our proposal for 7 years will likely not cap our damages.  Let me know what 
you think.  I'll be in early tomorrow.  Thanks
per my vm
Elizabeth Sager
07/11/2000 05:01 PM
Confidential; Attorney client work product; Not discoverable
Here is a rough draft.  I will also start on TVA letter.  Per my earlier vm, 
I am struggling with the benefit of a 2 year proposal vs. 7.  I'm not sure if 
we get any "cap" benefit from making a seven year deal even if TVA doesn't 
accept our offers (benefit would assume that TVA has an obligation to cover 
entire position which is contrary to what our outside counsel has said in the 
past.  According to Bob, since TVA is asking for specific performance, it may 
not be reasonable for TVA to cover entire period.  I will try to talk to him 
tonight.). If  TVA accepts one of our proposals and then we lose the 
termination argument, what do we do? Supply? Terminate Again? In either case 
our proposal for 7 years will likely not cap our damages.  Let me know what 
you think.  I'll be in early tomorrow.  Thanks
CONFIDENTIAL ATTORNEY WORK PRODUCT
Please review attached memo and provide me comments early Thursday morning Kevin and Rodgers saw an earlier draft and I do not want to recirculate to 
them for their final review until we have all legal input.
Thanks
Attorney Client Work Product
Not Discoverable
Dave
As explained in Presto's voice mail, attached is a brief memo discussing the 
proposed offer to TVA and a draft offer letter 
Elizabeth Sager
36349
thanks
Confidential
Attorney Work Product
Not Discoverable
Attached is a preliminary draft of the Legal Risk Chart.  You will need to 
open this in "Read Only mode"
Richard and Jeff 
As we discussed,  I will need further assistance from you to complete several 
of the entries.  I have put your names by the entries that will either need 
to be updated or to be completed. I believe Julia and Mark T would be the 
best to provide updated information on the SEC Risk and the CFTC Risk respectively, and I will get with them shortly to update.  This document has 
limited access; only my assistant, Brenda Whitehead can view/revise Accordingly, Jeff and Richard - please either call me to discuss your 
comments and I can complete the chart with Brenda or else provide Brenda with 
your written comments.  Thanks for your help.
Elizabeth 
36349
Janette Elbertson
10/04/2000 04:49 PM
Elizabeth, is there a contact person for Sempra Energy?  (Please see below If you do have a contact person can you have your assistant forward that 
information to Rosemary Ryan will ISDA so they can invite people from Sempra 
Energy to the meeting.  Many thanks 
Janette Elbertson
Rosemary Ryan  	10/04/2000 10:17 AM
Janette,
Attached is the memorandum regarding the North American Energy and
Developing Products Committee meeting which will be held in Houston on
October 10.  We sent this out to all the Enron contacts by fax early last
week.  In addition to Mark (Haedicke) can you let me know if there will be
other representatives from Enron attending the meeting.
Also could I ask for your assistance in locating a contact name and
phone/fax number that we should forward this invitation to at Sempra Energy.
Thank in advance for your help.
,
Rosemary
- Energy Developing Mtg_.doc
Confidential Not Discoverable Attorney work product
I spoke w Richard - he agrees that Stuart should wait until after 5 BD to 
talk to the City and that it is ok to manage the position as we see fit.
FYI 
TVA did not send notice of MOPA exercise for the summer 01 period
"Patricia Young"  	Sent by: bounce-contract-9369@ls.eei.org
10/04/2000 09:17 AM
Please respond to "Wholesale Electric Contract Standardization Group"
The following Message was sent to members of Contract List Server, the EEI 
Contract Standization Mailing List.
Andy Katz sent out the following message...We have had many 
undeliverables...I would appreciate your letting me know if you receive this 
message...thanks.
Working Group Members:
The drafting commitee met on September 15 to discuss the status of the Master 
Agreement and the agenda for the October 13 meeting at EEI's offices.  The 
general consensus of the drafting committee is that the Master Agreement is 
sound and there is no need for revision to the base terms and conditions of 
version 2.1.  Based on that meeting, the drafting committee would like to 
cover the following at the October 13 meeting :
GETTING CONTRACT IN PLACE.  The drafting committee believes that the number 
one priority is to get the Master Agreement used by more participants in the 
marketplace.   We would like to hear from the working group about the status 
of the Master Agreement in their organizations and issues about the contract 
that are holding up its use.  We will solicit suggestions on how to get wider 
acceptance of the Master Agreement.  The drafting committee has thought of 
holding another workshop in late January to address implementation issues 
such as establsihing credit thresholds.
STANDARDIZED SUPPLEMENTAL PROVISIONS.  There are  several areas not addressed 
in the base contract that are frequently used as customized supplemental 
provisions identified on many parties' cover sheets.  The drafting committee 
identified the following as useful to develop as suggested optional 
supplemental provisions that could be used in negotiating a cover sheet with 
a counterparty:   (1)  the incorporation of prior transactions as being 
governed by the Master Agreement; (2) the use of the Master Agreement for 
electronic trading; (3) alternative dispute resolution mechanisms; (4) 
treatment of new taxes or changes in regulatory policy; (5) additional 
products (e.g. Western firm or CAISO energy); (6) agreements with respect to 
agency relationships; (7) "regulatory out" provisions; and (8) provisions 
involving "one-way" counterparty relationships, i.e. sales only or purchases 
only.
The drafting committee will ask the working group to allow it to develop 
these provisions and once consensus on language is reached among the drafting 
committee members, they would be made available for downloading on the EEI 
website for use by the industry as suggested optional provisions.  We will 
also discuss the ways to tie these provisions to the Master Agreement general 
terms.
PROCEDURE FOR GETTING CONTRACT INTERPRETATION.  The drafting committee will 
discuss ways to get answers about the contract disseminated quickly.  One 
suggestion is to have a frequently asked questions section up on the EEI 
website.
As a reminder, the meeting will be held from 10-4.  Please contact me if you 
have any questions or comments about the agenda.   If you plan to attend or 
need information about hotels or transportation, please contact Patricia 
Young at 202-508-5757 or pyoung@eei.org. Thank-you.
Andrew S. Katz, Director Industry Legal Affairs
Edison Electric Institute
701 Pennsylvania Avenue, N.W.
Washington, D.C.  20004
Voice:  202-508-5616
Fax:     202-508-5673
e-mail:  akatz@eei.org
You have received the above message as a subscriber to
the EEI Contract Standization Electronic Mailing List:
contract
Your subscription address is listed as:
[Elizabeth.Sager@]
To stop receiving these messages, send a
blank message to the list administrator:
kSeaman@eei.org
with the subject as:
UNSUBSCRIBE
You can reply to the EEI Contract List by using your email program's 
"ReplyTo" function, or by sending a message to the list administrator.
I rec'd notice and will be attending meeting as will David Portz with Enron  .
per my voice mail
Greg Johnston
10/03/2000 03:26 PM
Please find attached for your review the most recent form of the above 
agreement, blacklined to show the changes to the previous draft distributed 
to you.  I believe that we have now settled on the form of the agreement, but 
there remain a few commercial issues which we will be resolving in the next 
week or so.  If anyone has any final comments on the form, please communicate 
them to me as soon as possible.  I would also like to have any input from Rob 
Hemstock and Aleck Dadson on any particular issues relating to market 
operations in Ontario or Alberta.  I also need someone in the Toronto office 
to provide me with the definition of "Interval Meters" that I have included 
as a potential delivery point.  I have left that definition as a bullet and 
we will need to fill it in or remove it, if the latter makes more sense Finally, once the last few business issues are resolved next week, I would 
like to set up a call with Jeff Hodge and Elizabeth Sager to obtain final 
internal legal approval on this agreement so that our commercial people can 
commence marketing the paper to potential counterparties.  Mark Powell will 
be using this form of the agreement in conjunction with the current ENA form 
of physical power GTC to prepare a Canadian form of physical power GTC that 
may be used to transact physical power transactions of less than one year in 
duration with counterparties with whom we do not have masters in place.
Thanks
Greg
Hi  Charlotte
The week of the 16th looks good for me.  How about Wed. the 18th at 6:00 pm If this doesn't work, I'm very flexible that week.  Let me know.  Thanks and 
I look forward to playing.
Elizabeth
ps  I'm out the rest of this week so lets confirm early next week.
Hi
Thanks for the feedback - you never know how things are rec'd when you 
standing for 90 minutes in front of a crowd of credit numbers guys, in a dark 
room with slides that are barely legible, taking about a contract that only a 
lawyer could love ... OK tolerate.  I'll send you the presentation by mail Hopefully I didn't get too carried away.
Looking forward to seeing you Friday.
Can you send him a hard copy (He is w Constellation)  thanks
"Osteen, Randall D"  	10/09/2000 12:32 PM
I have heard great things about your presentation in Marco Island - any
chance that I could get a copy 
Could you also please send a copy to Andy
"Andy Katz"  	09/25/2000 10:16 AM
I'd love to go over the law review with you.  Thanks so much for helping out.
Andrew S. Katz, Director Industry Legal Affairs
Edison Electric Institute
701 Pennsylvania Avenue, N.W.
Washington, D.C.  20004
Voice:  202-508-5616
Fax:     202-508-5673
e-mail:  akatz@eei.org
Hi Andy
I read through all of your Article this weekend .
What a job!
I will forward to you this afternoon or first thing tomorrow an electronic
copy of my suggested changes, which also attempts to pick up those given to
me by Dede.  After you receive it, I thought it might be helpful to talk
over the changes so you can see where I was coming from.
Thanks
Elizabeth
713 853 6349
- Andy Katz.vcf
The 17th at 630 works great for me 
ok w me
sounds great - enjoy
ps - Statement of Commitment sure looks interesting - what ever happened to 
indicative pricing and terms
Have a great weekend eating soggy hotdogs in misty, damp weather, dreaming of 
Genia on her cruise, all the while wondering about the meaning of quality 
time.  See you Monday am, not sharp.
Bye
Here is a draft of the PCA brief prepared by Dewey (head law firm of group 
effort).  Sam Behrends at Laboeuf is reviewing ( we just got today so he has 
not done so yet).  Sorry I didn't call you earlier about this.
"DAVID SHARO"  	10/10/2000 02:04 PM
Attached is a draft of the joint intervenors brief in PCA v. FERC.  Comments 
on the brief are due by close of business tomorrow.
00:01:48 -0400
Attached for your review is a draft of the Joint Brief of Intervenors in the 
PCA
proceeding at the D.C. Circuit.  As you know, the Brief must be filed with the
Court on Friday.  Thus, to ensure that there is sufficient time to address
issues/concerns, we request that Intervenors provide comments as soon as
possible on Wednesday.  Please bear in mind that the Court has allotted
Intervenors 8,750 words and the current draft is right at that limit.  Over 
the
next day, where appropriate, we will add citations to the record, include 
other
citations such as case name short cites, and shorten quotations.  We look
forward to your comments.
(See attached file: PCABrief.doc)
- PCABrief.doc
Janice Moore and I have been helping Mitch w a proposal to connect Caledonia 
to Southern.  There is another project to expand the facility that we are not 
working on - I think maybe Sheila's group has that one.  Call me or Janice 
with questions.
This request from Shari is fine with me.  Could I also request a flat screen 
for my new office?
Thanks for your help.  Let me know what else I need to do.
Shari Stack
10/10/2000 02:39 PM
I would like to request a 17 inch Flat Screen Monitor. I am moving into my 
new office, 3805 A, as of tomorrow. 
Thank you for taking care of this. 
Shari 
Tennis on the 17th at 630 sounds great 
fyi if you did not receive from shari
drusso@reliantenergy.com
Sent by: Nina_Tillett@reliantenergy.com
09/25/2000 03:52 PM
Shari and Elizabeth,
We revised our CAISO language to address the 10 minute pricing
implemented recently.  See attached.  Do you plan to change your language
also?  As you can see, I took the easy way out and did not reference either
the 10 minute price or the Hourly Ex Post Price -- I just said the price
paid to CAISO by the Buyer.  Do you think this works?
-Dede
(See attached file: CAISO LANGUAGE 092500.doc)
- CAISO LANGUAGE 092500.doc
drusso@reliantenergy.com
Sent by: Nina_Tillett@reliantenergy.com
10/11/2000 04:33 PM
Attached is a clean and red-lined version of the CAISO language.
-Dede
(713) 207-5240
(See attached file: CAISO LANGUAGE 101100.doc)               (See attached
file: CAISO LANGUAGE 101100 RED.DOC)
- CAISO LANGUAGE 101100.doc
- CAISO LANGUAGE 101100 RED.DOC
can you arrange this for after 200 or on friday
thanks
Felix Buitron
10/12/2000 09:03 AM
Elizabeth, I have a monitor to install for you, please let me know when the 
best time is to install.  Also, I'm I bring back your current monitor.
Thanks,
Felix
Hardware Request Line Item	Master Request: 
Line Item Status:Scheduled
Hardware information:
Item:	15IN TFT 5010 OPAL Request Type:	Upgrade Existing		Request Date:	10/11/2000
Requested By:	Janette Elbertson		RC #:	105657
CO #:	0413		WO Requested For:	Elizabeth Sager		Location:	EB3805
Due Date:	10/18/2000		System # In Use:
PO # In Use:	0008373
20100138
System # On Shelf:
PO # On Shelf:	
Comments and special requirements:
Master Request Ops Comments:	
Master Request IS Comments:	SM
Line Item Ops Comments:	
Line Item IS Comments:	
PO information:
PO #:	20100428		Vendor:	COMPAQ DIRECT
Order Date:	10/11/2000		Ordered By:	Shauncy Mathews
Installation information:
Team Assigned:	BaseSupport Team		Installed By:	
Follow-up Due:	
Follow-up Comments:	
Customer order:
Received All Requested Equipment Explain 	Technician Signature 
Customer inventory information:
System No:			Monitor:			Monitor2:	
Printer:			Memory:			CD-ROM:	
Customer Phone:			HDD 
Return to stock information:
System No:			Monitor:			Printer:	
Other 			Technician Signature For Returning To Stock:				                    Receiving Signature:
Master Items:	Installation Comments:
15IN TFT 5010 OPAL	
Receiving History:
Item is set as In Stock by Brian Verm on 10/11/2000 01:07:29 PM
Item is Staged by Brian Verm in 10/11/2000 1:08:06 PM
Revision History:	Brian Verm
Brian Verm	10/11/2000 01:04:55 PM
10/11/2000 01:04:55 PM
oops sorry  marks' number 816 527 1314
Welcome back - I will call you later this afternoon.  Do you think you or 
Steve could look at this stuff relating to something in the WSCC
Christi L Nicolay
11/27/2000 12:04 PM
ES--Can one of the attorneys comment to Joe this week on any legal issues in 
these proposed NERC documents?  Thanks.
Jim -- EPSA already acts as our agent on generic NERC matters, especially the 
Market Interface Committee.  EPSA will not get involved in the NERC regions 
such as WSPP, since these are local matters.  If we do not have the resources 
to be effective in the WSCC region, we should discuss pulling out with Tim 
Christi -- Please forward these documents to Jeff Hodge or Elizabeth Sager 
and ask for their help.
I will need to vote on them early next week at the WSCC Board of Directors 
meeting.  Thanks  JOE
James D Steffes
11/22/2000 04:56 PM
Joe 
Not sure if we ever decided anything on this?  Have we ever thought about 
having EPSA act as our "agent" for NERC matters and working through that body 
to cover legal / policy change reviews?
I don't know if we have the $$ to review these documents.
Jim
Joe Hartsoe
11/03/2000 11:02 AM
Jim  -- Who can we have look at these by-laws and detailed documents.  JOE
Richard Ingersoll@ECT
11/03/2000 08:30 AM
Attached is a summation of the WSCC Executive Policy Issues Task Force 
meeting held in San Francisco on November 2,  In addition there are several 
attachnebts that will be voted on at the Board meeting in December including 
the By Laws for the formation of the WIO.  It is anticipated that the WIO 
will be ready for a FERC filing during the 1s half of 2001  There is a large 
amt of material and some of it needs review by legal in my opinion.   Note 
that we voted  "no" on the EHV ballot  because it restricts access to 
information.  The bylaws and the detail documents are most critical for legal 
review.  For clarity read them in the following order:  EPITF Nov 2 wiosummary; bylaws;detail doc.  If there aqre questions you can call me at 
520 646 5539 or E mail at richard.ingersoll@
Thanks for the update.  So far, we are still trying to schedule meeting s w 
PCAs lawyers so there is no date certain by which I need the information When we have one I'll let you know.  Thanks again.
Attorney Work Product/Not Discoverable
Top Legal Risks
1.  Power Forms -  Trading contracts in the power industry are very weak Typical problems include, trading under multiple masters, no liquidated 
damages for non-delivery, no events of default or calculation of termination 
damages, broad performance outs.
2. Agency - Several of our major trading partners operate through an agent 
acting on behalf of several operating companies. This creates uncertainty as 
to which entity is liable for which trades.
3. Municipalities - Difficult authorization issues associated municipalities.
4.Complexity of transactions - Power transactions can be very complex as a 
result, in part, of difficult delivery mechanics and volatile pricing.
5.Timing of transactions - Power transactions typically must be completed on 
a very tight time schedule.
6. Lawyer Training - Difficult, time consuming process to train lawyers on 
how to document transactions involving power.
7.Process for approval of transactions - Uncertain procedures for making sure 
everybody understands risks associated with transactions.
Documentation Projects
1.  EEI - cont'd work to make EEI the trading contract for power/lessen 
reliance on WSPP.
2.  One-off Power Form - creation of contract to be used for individual 
transactions that are not part of a master.
3. Product Definition - cont'd work on creating/building acceptance for power 
product definitions.
4. Platform Trading - Encourage use of EEI as trading platform for all 
e-trading.
5. Single master contract for all physical commodities/financial trading work with ISDA to develop single contract for physical trading and then roll 
that into single contract for physical and financial trading
Hi John 
Thanks for the call.  I'll be in Thursday all day after 10:00 (dentist in the 
am - yuk).  Lets try to get together then on the agency stuff 
Hi Susan
How's things going?  I hope at least OK if not well.
Delete my rambling voice mail if you haven't heard it .
Hey about the Sat party, I'm thrilled.  We would, of course, love to come to 
your house (I think Gail told me that you generously offered to host your own 
birthday party) but we would also love to have you guys at our house as well 
(wouldn't you rather relax, drink and let the kids shuffle around without 
having to worry about the diner preparation, and worse yet, clean up - after 
all it is your party - mine's next).  Let me know what you think Sager
Per keegan's vm, here is the only thing we handed out.  Let me know if you 
want to discuss.
Leslie Hansen
10/13/2000 01:44 PM
At Elizabeth Sager's request, attached please find an electronic version of 
the ISDA chart discussed at the meeting this week.
Please feel free to contact me at (713) 853-6121 with any questions or 
comments.
,
Leslie Hansen
Marcelo Alves@
12/06/2000 01:18 PM
This is the permitting matrix we spoke about today. You can find the matrix 
for both RioGen and Eletrobolt, the one for the gas pipeline will be 
developed soon.
All the best,
Marcelo Fonseca Alves
Associate, Asset Development
Wholesale Energy Group
Just in case
Hope all is well
Richard B Sanders
10/17/2000 09:31 AM
Eric Thode@
10/17/2000 08:43 AM
The last article 
Karen Denne
10/17/2000 07:15 AM
fyi, TVA article... are you the spokesman?
Enron's Third-Quarter Profit Rises 31 Percent as Sales Surge
10/17/0 7:36 (New York)
Enron's Third-Quarter Profit Rises 31 Percent as Sales Surge
Houston, Oct. 17 (Bloomberg) -- Enron Corp., the world's
largest energy trader, said third-earnings rose 31 percent as
revenue more than doubled.
Net income rose to $292 million, or 34 cents a share, from
profit from operations of $223 million, or 27 cents, in the year-
earlier quarter. Enron was expected to earn 32 cents a share, the
average estimate of analysts polled by First Call/Thomson
Financial. Revenue rose to $30 billion from $11.84 billion.
Revenue from Enron's wholesale energy operations and services
unit, which consists of marketing energy commodities and investing
in energy-related assets, more than doubled to $28.2 billion from
$11.1 billion. Revenue from its retail energy services business
almost tripled to $1.48 billion from $542 million.
In the year-earlier quarter, a gain of $345 million, or
44 cents a share, and a charge of $278 million, or 36 cents, made
net income $290 million, or 35 cents.
Shares in the Houston-based company rose 50 cents to $80
yesterday. They've risen 80 percent this year.
--Per H. Jebsen in the New York newsroom (212) 893-3368, or
pjebsen@bloomberg.net, through the Princeton newsroom (609) 279-
4000/als
Story illustration: To see the breakdown of Enron's annual sales,
see {ENE US  
USA: Enron earnings rise 31 percent, beat expectations.
10/17/2000
Reuters English News Service
(C) Reuters Limited 2000.
HOUSTON, Oct 17 (Reuters) - Enron Corp., North America's biggest buyer and 
seller of electricity and natural gas, said on Tuesday its third-quarter 
earnings rose 31 percent, beating Wall Street's expectations as online 
trading helped drive strong growth at its wholesale energy operations. 
Recurring net income rose to $292 million or 34 cents per share from $223 
million or 27 cents in the third quarter of 1999. Wall Street analysts had 
expected earnings of 32 cents a share, according to First Call/Thomson 
Financial.
"Our wholesale and retail energy businesses have achieved record-setting 
levels of physical deliveries, contract originations and profitability," said 
Chairman and CEO Ken Lay. 
"We operate in some of the largest and fastest growing markets in the world, 
and we are very optimistic about the continued strong outlook for our 
company," Lay added. 
Enron, which has recently branched out beyond energy into fields such as 
broadband telecommunications and metals trading, said third-quarter revenues 
rose 154 percent to $30 billion compared with the same period of 1999. The 
company's stock has risen some 80 percent so far this year.
Oct. 16, 2000, 10:35PM
Arena-backers promote plan to group of Hispanic leaders 
By JANETTE RODRIGUES 
Pro-arena forces did some direct marketing to the Hispanic community Monday, 
pitching the $175 million plan to a grass-roots group of Latino leaders. 
More than 150 community activists and leaders, precinct judges and 
civic-association members attended an informational meeting and 
get-out-the-vote rally for the Nov. 7 arena referendum. The rally was 
sponsored by the Let's Build It Together political action committee. 
"By having our Hispanic community come out in force for issues like this, it 
empowers us," said Celina Garza-Ridge, a Harris County-Houston Sports 
Authority director. "It's very important to be able to say the Hispanic 
community made a difference, and we are exactly in that position George Postolos, the Houston Rockets' chief operating officer, said the team 
is actively courting the Hispanic community. 
The pro-arena committee, headed by former Reliant Energy Chairman Don Jordan, 
and Ken Lay, Enron chairman and chief executive officer, does not want a 
repeat of the 1999 referendum. 
Voters last November soundly defeated the previous arena proposal. The sports 
authority is a governmental body whose members are appointed by the city and 
county to oversee and develop sports venues. 
The Rockets made a 30-percent participation commitment, similar to the one 
made four years ago by the Houston Astros for Enron Field, to fairly share 
the new arena's design and construction jobs with minorities and women. 
The team also promised to distribute up to $50,000 a year in neighborhood 
improvement grants of up to $1,000 each to worthy grass-roots, nonprofit 
organizations and civic clubs in inner-city Houston. The new program targets 
the Hispanic community, Postolos said. 
The new arena plan is being endorsed by a cross-section of Latino leaders, 
including City Councilmen John Castillo and Gabriel Vasquez, state Rep. Mario 
Gallegos, the Hispanic Chamber of Commerce and others. 
Vasquez told meeting attendees that the city, and the Hispanic community, is 
getting more tangibles this time around. 
He said, "When you consider that our community will get 30 percent 
affirmative action, that our youth will be taken care of through youth 
outreach programs and our neighborhoods will be taken care of as well, this 
is a really good deal for Houston and this is a really good deal for the 
Hispanic community Mercedes Alejandro, who represents Parents for Public Schools of Houston, 
heard the details of the plan for the first time. 
"It's good if it creates jobs for the community, and opportunities to rebuild 
the community," she said. "We want it to be good for the whole, not the few Humberto Barrera, president of the Mexican American Sheriffs Organization, 
was critical of Hispanic leaders, not the arena plan. 
"I think Hispanic leaders should be more concerned about issues like pay 
raises for teachers, health care and public safety, than building arenas for 
rich entrepreneurs," Barrera said. 
Richard Torres, director and CEO of the Hispanic Chamber of Commerce, told 
attendees that the Rockets are committed to doing the right thing. 
Sergio Davila, president of the Eastwood Civic Association, brought up the 
lack of Latinos in leadership positions on the team's staff. Postolos 
acknowledged that the team needs to do better. 
TVA Says Enron Breach Of Power Sales Pact Cost $140 Mln
By Bryan Lee
10/16/2000
Dow Jones Energy Service
OF DOW JONES NEWSWIRES 
WASHINGTON -(Dow Jones)- The nation's top two power providers are battling in 
a U.S. court over an unexecuted power sales agreement.
The Tennessee Valley Authority (TVA) has filed a claim against the power 
marketing unit of Enron Corp. (ENE) alleging breach of a power sales 
contract. 
TVA cited the alleged breach of contract in documents provided to its 
distribution utility customers earlier this month outlining unforeseen 
expenses contributing to the government-owned utility's inability to meet its 
debt-reduction forecast. 
According to the documents, obtained by Dow Jones Newswires, the alleged 
breach of contract contributed to a $140 million shortfall during fiscal year 
2000. 
TVA was initially reluctant to divulge information on the case, which is 
under a court protective order. 
"A major power provider elected not to perform under the contract," said 
David Smith, TVA's chief financial officer, when asked Friday to elaborate on 
the line item in the information provided to TVA's distribution utility 
customers. 
But after consulting with attorneys, Smith revealed that Enron was the 
subject of the claim. 
TVA alleged breach of contract after Enron sought a declaratory judgment 
order from the U.S. District Court in Chattanooga, Tenn., in February, 
stemming from a dispute over a long-term sales agreement, an Enron spokesman 
said Monday. 
In March, TVA filed a counter claim with the court alleging breach of 
contract, a TVA spokesman said Monday. 
But the two parties declined to discuss the terms of the contract, or to 
elaborate further on the dispute, citing the judge's protective order. TVA 
said Enron sought the court seal. 
The dispute is the latest example of bad blood between the Houston-based 
energy giant and TVA, a government-owned utility that ranks among the largest 
U.S. power producers. 
The relationship deteriorated after the two began squabbling over access to 
the lucrative U.S. Midwest power market, which saw extreme price spikes 
during hot weather in the summers of 1998 and 1999. 
After the summer of 1998 - in which power that typically sells for between 
$30 and $50 per megawatt-hour spiked as high as $7,000 per megawatt-hour Enron cited a study showing that TVA's power grid represented the only 
unconstrained transmission pathways into the Midwest. 
TVA experienced an increase in revenues for the period when power prices were 
spiking upward. 
Enron built gas-fired peaking power plants with an eye toward capitalizing on 
the volatility in summer power markets by purchasing transmission access 
across TVA's system. 
After the summer of 1999 saw a repeat in extreme price volatility, Enron 
began complaining that TVA was unfairly denying transmission service by 
failing to act in a timely manner in response to transmission service 
requests. 
A TVA spokesman said the contract dispute was unrelated to the disagreement 
over the government utility's handling of transmission-access requests. 
But the filing of the court case occurred at the same time Enron went public 
with its complaints about TVA's transmission service. 
In February, Enron released a letter to Energy Secretary Bill Richardson 
asking for the government's help, charging that TVA was unfairly giving its 
own power marketer transmission service on a timely basis while Enron's 
requests were gathering dust. 
Enron later dropped the matter, saying that TVA was processing its 
transmission service requests on a timely basis. -By Bryan Lee, Dow Jones 
Newswires, 202-862-6647, 
bryan.lee@dowjones.com
See you between 200 and 230
Janette
Mark had asked me to call Williams and invite them to the ISDA Energy meeting 
in Houston last week.  Tim at Williams very much wanted to participate.  As 
you can see from his email, he must not be on the distribution list for 
ISDA.  Can you see if it is OK to add him to the distribution list for future 
meetings.  Also, I called Dynegy at Mark's request and they very much want to 
participate as well - Harlan Murphy called me afterwards to ask that he also 
get notice of the meetings because they fully support the idea of one Master 
for all trades.  I will get Genia to forward Harlan's address info to you Thanks for your help.
Elizabeth 36349
PS Mark 
At the EEI meeting last week there was a fair bit of discussion about cross 
defaulting all commodity lines and using a single master for all trades.  It 
seems that there is alot of interest in this idea.
"Neuman, Tim"  	10/18/2000 07:32 AM
Elizabeth,
Is it possible that we can be included on future mailings/meetings of the
North America Energy and Developing Products Committee - due to the late
notice of the last meeting on 10/10 in Houston we were unable to send a
representative.  We will, with ample notice, attempt to send a
representative to future meetings as Williams has an interest in the topics
that would be discussed.  Thanks for your assistance.  Tim
Tim Neuman
Sr. Credit Analyst
Williams Energy Marketing & Trading
918 573-4880 (P)
918 573- 4815 (F)
1 888 417 5099 (pager)
Hi Tim
Thanks for your message.  We absolutely will forward to ISDA your message so 
that you can receive notices of the Energy Product meetings ( I thought you 
were already getting them).  Look forward to seeing you again soon.
Elizabeth
36349
I agree w Tracy - the Calpine master is legally sufficient for trades and our 
relationship w Calpine is sensitive.  We do not need to push the EEI Master 
unless they want it in which case we are happy to oblige.  Just FYI, 
depending on  the trade we would likely like to  add product definition (eg 
West Firm, Into Product since products are not defined in master 
John
When you are ready with the deal terms, just let me know and we can find the 
right person to help you document it given the nature of the product involved.
Hi Dede
Just wondering if you would be able to hit next week? How about Monday 
(anytime anywhere) or Wednesday?  Also, I see that Shari has sent out CAISO 
language which I have not yet reviewed.  Maybe we can also schedule a real 
meeting on Monday to finalize.  Let me know if that works for you.  See ya.
Welcome back - hope your sojourn was not alarming (NY is not that bad a place 
to happen upon independence),and the autumn leaves made you smile.
Talk to you soon.
lets do Mon at lunch.  call you to confirm.
Still on for 1200 today?  Court 3.  See ya there unless I hear from you 
Hi Alex
THANKS - Ella rec'd the bathing suit and loves it.  She put it on and 
wouldn't take it off.  Perfect size.  Perfect gift.
WE ARE COMING - hope that's still OK.  We finally booked our flight to NY We are planning on coming up on Sat. July 22nd and leaving on Sunday the 
30th.  Not sure of the plans from there but will call you later.  If this 
doesn't work for you guys, let me know.  SO EXCITED about coming.
Talk to you soon.
$20 gift certificate to Oshmans (I'll start Ella's career with only the 
finest racquet available).  I wonder what the A PLAYERS get.
Hi Stacey
Outside counsel wants to schedule a meeting on the PCA calculations this Wed, 
the 25th.  Will you be able to have the data retrieved by then?
Let me know asap.
Thanks for your help.
Elizabeth
36349
Kay Young
10/23/2000 05:06 PM
If you have not already done so, please give your changes to the ENA monthly 
report to Dina Snow by Tuesday at noon.
Our report needs to go to Mark Haedicke's office Tuesday afternoon.
Janette Elbertson
10/23/2000 07:11 PM
Mark Haedicke has requested the referenced report be organized as follows:
I. Trading
a. Houston
b. Financial
c. Portland
II. East Origination
III. West Origination
IV. Upstream Origination
V. Finance/MA/Energy Investments
VI. Canada
VII. Litigation
Thank you.
Janette Elbertson
David Portz
10/23/2000 03:09 PM
As you had requested, I am forwarding the newest turn of the Wind PPA Attached immediately below is Mike Curry's draft of the grid showing the 
trades  which generated and should be reflected in this turn.  I will also 
forward you the revised draft Green Premium Sharing Agreement  when it comes 
in.  Thanks, David
LGarner@milbank.com
10/23/2000 02:29 PM
Attached are clean and blacklined drafts of the revised PPA for Indian Mesa 
II.? I apologize for not being able to distribute this in the "track changes" 
format, but because of numerous internal drafts, the track changes document 
was simply too confusing with internal comments showing as deletions.? As a 
result, you will not be able to go into the blacklined version and 
accept/reject changes, nor make additional changes to such document without 
such changes being re-inserted into the "clean" version 
If you have any problems opening the attachments, please contact me at 
213-892-4337. 
Lee 
- REDLINE.DOC
- Indian Mesa II PPA -- CLEAN.doc
I thought this was to go to Dina. Sorry
Brenda Whitehead
10/24/2000 11:05 AM
Attached are Elizabeth's comments 
OK w me
thanks
Leslie Hansen
10/24/2000 12:13 PM
Elizabeth:
I'd like a flat screen monitor if they are still making those available Note that I have a lap top, so if there are any issues involved in using the 
flat screen with the lap top, I'd like to know before we make the switch.
Leslie
Hi Andy
I was hoping when you get a chance, you could give me an update on where 
things were left at the recent meeting in DC and where we are going from 
here. Also, are you are anybody else thinking of going to Ontario as they try 
to work through creating a Master Power form.
please print also
Steve C Hall
10/25/2000 01:27 PM
Hi Shari,
Christian asked me to review these inc/dec examples.  I think these are an 
excellent idea and will be very helpful to your counterparties in 
understanding how the Adjustment Payment works in combination with inc/dec 
pricing.
I made some corrections to the examples, which I have attached as a redline 
document so that you can see what I did.  You will also see that I added a 
few words here and there to clarify things.  The other document is a clean 
version incorporating all of the proposed changes from the redlined document.
Steve
SHARI STACK
10/24/2000 05:19 PM
Dear Bob- 
Elizabeth has put together a set of examples to help our counterparties 
better understand Inc and Dec Pricing. Would you please look through these 
and let me know if this all correct from your view point? 
If you could let me know by Wed. morning - that would be great. I have a lot 
of pressure to get this out to counterparties ASAP. 
Thank you !
Shari  
Hi Charlotte
Thanks for your message.  I can't play Tues (Halloween night with the kids they would never forgive me).  How about Wed, Thurs, Friday, the weekend or a 
week from this Tues.  Let me know what works for you 
Bob 
Here is what we sent TVA last year when we were notifying them of the 
delivery points we would have delivered to.  I'm tied up in meetings the rest 
of the day and we want to start notifying TVA of the delivery points we would 
have used had we had an obligations to continue to schedule and deliver 
energy under the MOPA,  Could you please revise accordingly and send back to 
Bill Rust and me this afternoon,  We would like to start sending out tomorrow.
As always, thanks for your help.
Elizabeth
Bill Rust
06/29/2000 11:49 AM
Elizabeth,
Here is the document I want you to review.  We want to send TVA a notice each 
day showing the interface that we would have delivered, had TVA called.  We 
need you to change/add the wording for this purpose.
Thank you,
Bill Rust
Steve C Hall
10/25/2000 01:27 PM
Hi Shari,
Christian asked me to review these inc/dec examples.  I think these are an 
excellent idea and will be very helpful to your counterparties in 
understanding how the Adjustment Payment works in combination with inc/dec 
pricing.
I made some corrections to the examples, which I have attached as a redline 
document so that you can see what I did.  You will also see that I added a 
few words here and there to clarify things.  The other document is a clean 
version incorporating all of the proposed changes from the redlined document.
Steve
SHARI STACK
10/24/2000 05:19 PM
Dear Bob- 
Elizabeth has put together a set of examples to help our counterparties 
better understand Inc and Dec Pricing. Would you please look through these 
and let me know if this all correct from your view point? 
If you could let me know by Wed. morning - that would be great. I have a lot 
of pressure to get this out to counterparties ASAP. 
Thank you !
Shari  
Janice R Moore
10/26/2000 08:31 AM
a followup note on this deal from Kevin Presto
,
Janice
EB3861
Kevin M Presto
10/26/2000 08:25 AM
John,
We need to make sure we are valuing the spread option using only No. 2 oil in 
Dec, Jan & Feb.  We will almost certainly be curtailed during blow out events 
in the winter and, therefore, it is not appropriate to use nat gas as the 
winter fuel.
Janice R Moore
10/26/2000 08:22 AM
Do you suppose that Shari could handle this for John today?  This is the 
first I've seen of the term sheet, and I haven't even taken the time to read 
it, so I'm not even sure exactly what this deal is.  "Tolling" means so many 
different things..............  Shari sent this company an EEI Master this 
summer and has been bugging them about it but w/ no response (according to 
the database).  Maybe this would be a good opportunity to advance 
that And I'm still working on the Maine SOS proposal, and VPPSA and the N. 
Carolina project that David Fairley wants comments on yesterday, as well as 
the Reedy Creek stuff that came up as a rush yesterday afternoon (I've left 
you a vmail on that  ,
Janice
EB3861
John Llodra@
10/26/2000 07:55 AM
Attached is an indicative term sheet I shared with the customer yesterday 
relating to the referenced tolling transaction.  Preliminary feedback from 
the customer has been positive, so I am hopeful that we will come to mutually 
agreeable pricing and terms on this transaction.   I should get some 
additional feedback sometime today. 
I have raised the flag with the customer that we need to put paper and credit 
terms in place, and given their desire to close on this quickly, we will 
likely need to move quickly on this today/tomorrow.   As for cedit, their 
consultant indicated that a corp guarantee from the Black Hill Power Corp 
parent is probably not the customer's preferred approach, but rather credit 
arrangements tagged specifically to the project.  The project is owned by 
Black Hills Energy Capital, which invests in power projects through some sort 
of investment fund.  Their consultant speculated that Enron might have some 
interests in that investment fund relating to some projects out West, but he 
wasn't sure.   In any event, depending on their desire to move forward with 
us, we will need to be ready to talk credit/contract with them on short 
notice.
I'll keep you all updated on any feedback i get from the customer.
John
Thanks for your help - the comments were great. The only one I didn't 
understand was to "D".  Please review my revised draft and let me know if you 
think this works. Thanks again.
Stuart Zisman
05/11/2000 06:10 PM
Attached is a draft of a PPA/Tolling Agreement that we were negotiating last 
year in connection with the potential disposition of our 99 Peaking Assets I believe you have seen this one before (in fact, I my memory serves my 
correctly you provided significant input).  I hope this is helpful.
Stuart
sounds like fun
Looking forward to playing at 600 on Wed, court 12. 
good luck.  please acquire food.
Hi Carol
Was just wondering if you wanted  to play tennis, maybe sometime next week 
(I'm trying to get excited about something next week - work has been very 
busy and I need to fill in it with other things).  Let me know if you want to 
try and play. Hope all is well.
reservations for the 19th
"WINNIE HOWARD"  	09/26/2000 10:46 AM
On November 20, 2000, from 9:30 a.m. to noon, there will be an Executive 
Committee meeting in San Diego.  The purpose of the meeting will be to vote 
on the latest contract revisions and to elect new officers.  If any member 
has any additional matters for the agenda, please let me know.  An agenda 
will be circulated shortly.  The contract revisions will be on the WSPP 
homepage (www.wspp.org).   The meeting will be at the following location:
Sheraton San Diego Hotel & Marina
1380 Harbor Island Drive
San Diego, CA   92101
(619) 291-2900
Please RSVP with my secretary Winnie Howard (Howard@wrightlaw.com), if you 
plan to attend.
Dede, per your vm, here are our draft West definitions.  THESE ARE VERY MUCH 
IN DRAFT FORM.  I WILL DISCUSS WITH YOU LATER
Elizabeth
Brenda Whitehead
06/28/2000 10:58 AM
per the request of Elizabeth Sager, please see this attachment 
Elizabeth will get with you later to set up a meeting to discuss the 
attachment and finalize.
Elizabeth Sager with Enron will be attending
any interest
melanie.gray@weil.com
10/30/2000 10:35 AM
My husband, Mark, is out of town all month in trial in NYC.  We split season
tickets with a few others.  I'm not going to be using any of my Nov. seats.
Would you like tickets for any of these games (knowing that your husband at
least likes to play basketball0?
11/2 Milwaukee Bucks
11/14     Chicago Bulss
11/16     Charolette Hornets
Just let me know.  Thanks.
**********NOTE The information contained in this email message is intended only
for use of the individual or entity named above.  If the reader
of this message is not the intended recipient, or the employee or
agent responsible to deliver it to the intended recipient, you
are hereby notified that any dissemination, distribution or
copying of this communication is strictly prohibited.  If you
have received this communication in error, please immediately
notify us by telephone (713-546-5000), and destroy the original
message. Thank you.
any interest
melanie.gray@weil.com
10/30/2000 10:35 AM
My husband, Mark, is out of town all month in trial in NYC.  We split season
tickets with a few others.  I'm not going to be using any of my Nov. seats.
Would you like tickets for any of these games (knowing that your husband at
least likes to play basketball0?
11/2 Milwaukee Bucks
11/14     Chicago Bulss
11/16     Charolette Hornets
Just let me know.  Thanks.
**********NOTE The information contained in this email message is intended only
for use of the individual or entity named above.  If the reader
of this message is not the intended recipient, or the employee or
agent responsible to deliver it to the intended recipient, you
are hereby notified that any dissemination, distribution or
copying of this communication is strictly prohibited.  If you
have received this communication in error, please immediately
notify us by telephone (713-546-5000), and destroy the original
message. Thank you.
Hi Carol
How about Wed, the 8th?
Hi Melanie
On PCA, the dates proposed w Richard are generally fine with me, so 
On the Rockets, thanks very much   ...... my husband and I would love to go 
to the Hornets game (16th).
Thanks again for lunch and I will talk to you soon.
Hi Christian
Is this thing for financial or physical trading
Thanks
Elizabeth
Mark - for your approval
1.  Trip for me to San Diego to attend WSPP meeting.
2  Trip for Shari to Portland in November while Christian is on Thanksgiving 
holiday.
Thanks
ps - I will schedule a meeting with you this week to discuss Shari/staffing 
in Portland office.
Meeting on 9th from 10 -12 has been scheduled.
Thanks
please schedule for me.
Janette Elbertson
10/27/2000 11:50 AM
The Enron Wholesale Markets Quarterly Legal Review for Power Trading is 
scheduled for Thursday, November 9, from 10: 00 AM to Noon in EB38C2 Christian:  you can be tied in by telephone.  Please confirm your attendance 
at this meeting.  Thank you.
Janette Elbertson
Elizabeth Sager
06/29/2000 01:01 PM
Dede, per your vm, here are our draft West definitions.  THESE ARE VERY MUCH 
IN DRAFT FORM.  I WILL DISCUSS WITH YOU LATER
Elizabeth
Brenda Whitehead
06/28/2000 10:58 AM
per the request of Elizabeth Sager, please see this attachment 
Elizabeth will get with you later to set up a meeting to discuss the 
attachment and finalize.
Genia
Can you please forward this to all lawyers in the power trading group.
Thanks
Mark E Haedicke
10/25/2000 02:30 PM
Effective today, there is a new legal review procedure for physical power 
contracts that are individually negotiated, with a term longer than one 
year.  Please notify me (Janette will maintain a list of contracts, 
counterparties and status) when drafting starts on such power contracts and 
provide me with a draft with sufficient time to make comments prior to 
closing.  My objective is to insure a consistent approach on these power 
contracts.  Thanks for your cooperation in this matter.  Please forward this 
memo on to the lawyers on your team.
Mark Haedicke 
Mark
As you are aware, I reviewed the proposed Canadian Power Master and have been 
speaking to Greg Johnston about various issues.  The Canadian Master is based 
upon EEI but has been "retyped" making changes based upon variations in the 
way US power has evolved from that of the Canadian master gas contract (the 
basis for a number of the differences from EEI) , operational distinctions, 
differences in product and jurisdictional issues.  EEI has called me and 
stated that they want to attend a meeting on November 9th  in Ontario to 
advocate the use of the EEI form in Canada.   Peter Keohane, I know, wants 
the form he and Greg prepared to be the model Canadian form for all the 
reasons he stated in his email to you.  Do you think I should set up a 
meeting with you, Jeff Hodge, Peter K., Greg J. and myself to discuss.  At 
that time, we could also discuss the significant "policy differences" to make 
sure that everybody knows what is going on and that there are good reasons 
for the differences.
Thanks
Elizabeth
36349
Janette I'm not sure what you are looking for but here is brief description 
for power trading
ENA's Legal Power Trading group supports all of Enron's U.S.-based, wholesale 
trading legal requirements.  Enron is the largest marketer of wholesale power 
in the U.S.  This group currently has 6 lawyers (one located in Portland Responsibilities include negotiating master trading agreements and structured 
power transactions, interfacing with industry trade groups to develop 
business practices and managing risks associated with the world's most 
volatile commodity.
Let me know if this is sufficient
fyi
Christian Yoder
10/30/2000 02:57 PM
Here are the values of the Vernon transactions.  ----cgy
Christian,
As you requested, here are the current values of trades involving Vernon:
1)  $ value of killed 10 yr transaction = $13,300,000
2)  $ value of all other deals with Vernon = ($5,800,000)
3)  $ value of killed deal for 1st year = $1,300,000
Let me know if you have any questions or need additional information.
Thanks,
Kim Ward
Great!  The Met has 3 hour free parking - use the "yellow entrance"  to the 
Allen Center (located on the far side of the parking garage, next to all the 
open air parking lots) and follow the signs for Met parking (off to the 
right).  Met is on the 6th floor.  I can meet anytime around lunch - I'll go 
ahead and get court for 11:30, but if you want to meet later, that would be 
fine - just let me know.  Looking forward to playing.
THANKS
"JOHN G KLAUBERG"  	10/17/2000 12:29 PM
Thanks, Elizabeth.  Does something around 2:30 or 3:00 Thursday afternoon 
work for you?  If so, I'll plan to drop you your office around that time.   I 
look forward to catching up with you.  John
" John Klauberg
LeBoeuf, Lamb, Greene & MacRae, L.L.P.
212 424-8125
jklauber@llgm.com
Hi John
Thanks for the call.  I'll be in Thursday all day after 10:00 (dentist in
the am - yuk).  Lets try to get together then on the agency stuff.
I also think this is a great idea - there would be a tremendous benefit if 
the EEI contract became the standard for on-line trading platforms.  While 
Enron currently uses simplified GTCs for trading online with those 
counterparties with whom we do not have a Master Power Trading Contract (if 
we do that agreement governs power trades), we have talked about and likely 
will eventually make the EEI contract the "default" contract if there are no 
other arrangements in place.  I would fully support and provide any 
assistance to pursue this idea with and through EEI.
drusso@reliantenergy.com
10/30/2000 06:07 PM
GREAT IDEA Let me know how RES can support such an effort.
Andy,
I could provide language by the end of next week, if needed by then.
Separately, I understand that we intend to emphasize marketing efforts
towards all potential EEI users, but utilities in particular due to that
group's lower acceptance rate to date.  Another "group" to which I believe
that we should emphasize our marketing efforts includes the online trading
platforms.
Three types of online trading platforms presently exist: (1)proprietary
exchanges (EnronOnline, Dynegydirect); (2) consortium platforms (ICEX); and
(3) independent, third-party platform (Altra) [these platforms are similar
to (2)but differ in that the shareholders/backers have not committed
liquidity].  The volumes traded on these types of electric platforms are
significant and growing.  According to MegawattDaily, Ameren Energy
conducts
about 40% of next-day deals and 30% of forwards on various electronic
platforms.  There are presently close to 25 platforms (of course, with so
many competitors, as usually happens, there will probably be a weeding out
and/or consolidations/mergers...the Jurassic period notwithstanding, as
blame for the mass dinosaur extinction lay with an errant meteor or
possibly
the taking up of cigarette smoking by the majority of the dinosaurs
according to Larsen...all apologies for the joke).
As each platform system has different definitions, products, and contracts,
and as several of the platforms are considering adopting standard
contracts,
I believe an opportunity exists to push the EEI as either the exclusive
standard agreement used for trading on a particular platform or as a
default
agreement for those proprietary and other platforms under which trading
partners lack executed Masters with the counterparty.  In fact, according
to
published sources, Houston Street, RedMeteor, and others have been working
with others for several months on developing industry standards.
Just a thought.
Babak
Some random thoughts:
There was a teleconference today regarding the credit annex.  Bill McCoy
should have draft language by early next week.  This draft only addresses
EEI transactions, but could easily be expanded to transactions under other
master agreements.  I will circulate Bill's draft as soon as I get it.
Randy Baker & Michelle McLendin (Duke), and Lisa Grof & Frank Hilton (AEP)
have volunteered to work on the on the credit annex subcommittee.
According to my notes, assignments for the remaining optional provisions
are
as follows:
1) Incorporating old  trades - Elizabeth
2) One-way transactions - Buddy
3) New products e.g. Western Firm/CAISO - Dede & Elizabeth
4) Regulatory Out - John Crespo & Randy Osteen
5) New taxes - Fritz
6) ADR - Patty
7) Agency relationship - Elizabeth
8) Electronic Exchanges - Babak
Additional provisions
9) Credit Annex - Bill McCoy, et al.
10) incorporating prior trades not under netting, Frank Stllingwerf
11) Broker Confirmations ?
12) Over Deliveries - Phyliss Lemel
What kind of deadline for these assignments is realistic?
Randy Osteen & I plan to meet next w/ week to start planning the workshop
in
Atlanta we plan to hold at the end of January.  If anyone has ideas for the
program please let us know.
I plan to fix up the contract web page next week
Sterling Koch of TransAlta said he would like to set up a presentation
opportunity for an EEI contract representative to talk to the Canadian
standardization group.
Finally, EEI has a block of rooms and meeting space at the Four Seasons in
Newport Bearch, CA for our Legal Committee from April 18-21.  We would like
to shorten our meeting to two days.  Ed has offerred the block of rooms and
meeting space to us for the night of the 20th and the 21st if we want to
put
on a conference or hold a meeting then.  Something to think about.
Andrew S. Katz, Director Industry Legal Affairs
Edison Electric Institute
701 Pennsylvania Avenue, N.W.
Washington, D.C.  20004
Voice:  202-508-5616
Fax:     202-508-5673
e-mail:  akatz@eei.org
5:30 would be fine - I've changed our court time.  See you then.
please send thanks
Ian Lydiatt  	10/31/2000 10:02 AM
Elizabeth, we spoke after the conference and I asked if I could get a copy
of your presentation e-mailed.  Can you provide this to me?  Thanks, I
appreciate that.
Ian Lydiatt
Director, Credit
Altrade Transaction L.L.C.
ilydiatt@altra.com
Office  403.231.6233
fax  403.290.0060
I will be there.
I could make 1100.  Janice is out today so we can meet today without her and 
I will update her.  Let me know when and where.
please print
Rebecca Phillips
10/31/2000 04:24 PM
Please review the attached DASH for Reedy Creek and provide feedback as soon 
as possible.  The desk is planning to close the deal tomorrow and I would 
like to circulate the DASH in the morning.
Thanks,
r
There are cheap tickets to DC (160) this weekend and I was wondering if I 
should go.  My mom says she is just far too busy for me to come.  She is 
alone and Bob is not coming back until next week.  What do you think. Ugh
Jim 
Sorry for the delay in getting back to you.  While I'm still checking,  I am 
not aware that there is a "formal process" for being a board member of a 
non-corporate entity like SPP. We would, however,  want to look at the 
equivalent of SPPs Bylaws to make sure that members are not going to be 
liable for actions taken and to see if SPP has something like D&O insurance, 
protecting the members.  We can talk to SPP and see what there is.  Let me 
know if you want us to request/review documents.  Thanks
James D Steffes@
10/30/2000 08:13 AM
Elizabeth 
Ron McNamara heads up Government Affairs activities for SPP.  He has been 
asked to be a member of the SPP Board.  This would be great for EPMI because 
we would have more ability to influence SPP and its actions regarding opening 
the market.
What form of approval do we need to have internally (if any) before Ron can 
become a SPP Board Member?  Are there any internal restrictions on this type 
of activity? 
Not sure if there are any risks, but I want to make sure that Ron won't be 
harmed by pursuing this opportunity.
Thanks,
Jim
Ron McNamara
Sent by: Ron McNamara
10/27/2000 11:44 AM
Jim
As I mentioned to you Nick Brown has put my name on the ballot to be a member 
of the SPP Board.  The election is at the next meeting (a week from Tuesday).
, Ron
Chris 
Was Ontario Power Generation the Canadian company you mentioned this morning 
that has alot of generation in Ontario and would likely be a major factor in 
determining the contract to be utilized in Canada?  Shari has had numerous 
conversations with a Greg Malcolm there and he has said that they are very 
interested in contracting with EPMI using EEI.  He and Shari have a call 
scheduled for Nov 20th 
Just curious.
Steve and Christian 
Could you please review and let me know what you think of this?  There is a 
call on Thurs at 200 (Central) to discuss.  Do you want to participate?
"Edmonds, Sonnet"  	11/01/2000 03:39 PM
I've attempted to draft language for the "CAISO Schedule Adjustment"
definition, as we discussed yesterday.  We can discuss this proposed
language in our call tomorrow:
"CAISO Schedule Adjustment" means a schedule change implemented by the CAISO
on a schedule coordinator-schedule coordinator transaction after the CAISO's
final hourly scheduling deadline for the transaction, and on which
transaction the CAISO imposes Inc and Dec Prices.  Such schedule change
shall neither be caused by, nor within the control of, either Party.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, a CAISO Schedule Adjustment shall not be
deemed to occur if the schedule change is due to (i) the curtailment of
imports into, or exports from, California; (ii) load deviations; (iii) the
failure of a Party to accurately submit or balance its schedule with the
CAISO.
Continental Airlines  	10/31/2000 09:56 PM
CO.O.L. TRAVEL SPECIALS
Continental.com Ranked Number 1 Airline Website.
Awarded Best Website by InsideFlyer Magazine.
DOMESTIC U.S.
Wednesday, October 31, 2000
CO.O. L. TRAVEL SPECIALS.
Our Low Florida Fares Just Got Lower
Purchase your ticket online to one of the available Florida destinations and
receive an extra $5 off our already low fares. In addition to the extra
savings, you earn 1,000 OnePass Bonus Miles for purchasing your eTicket on
continental.com. This special online only discount is available for select
markets, and flights. Visit
and book your ticket by November 6, 2000.
Run In The Houston Marathon!
Continental Airlines is the Official Airline of the Compaq Houston Marathon
that will be held on January 14, 2001.  As a CO.O.L. Travel Specials member
and OnePass member, you will receive a 20% discount on the Compaq Houston
Marathon entry fee.  Just log onto
by December 15th to register for the marathon. As an added bonus, you will be
automatically entered in the "Compaq Marathon Sweepstakes" for a chance to win
Compaq merchandise (see official rules for details).
TABLE OF CONTENTS FOR CO.O.L. TRAVEL SPECIALS
1. CO.O.L. Travel Specials Offers
2. Featured Fares Sample Destinations
3. Alamo Rent A Car Offers
4. National Car Rental Offers
5. Hilton Hotel Offers
6. Sheraton, Westin, and Four Points Hotel Offers
This week's specials are good for the following markets departing  Saturday,
November 4 and returning on either Monday, November 6 or Tuesday, November 7,
2000.
Please see the Rules/Terms and Conditions listed at the end of this e-mail.
1.  CO.O.L. Travel Specials Offers
Purchase CO.O.L. Travel Specials online until 11:59pm (CST) Friday at
You can also purchase CO.O.L. Travel Specials for an additional cost of $20
per ticket through our telephone service at 1-800-642-1617.
TRAVEL MAY ORIGINATE IN EITHER CITY:
****Roundtrip BETWEEN CLEVELAND, OH and:
$129 Albany, NY
$189 Allentown, PA
$159 Fort Wayne, IN
$159 Lansing, MI
$149 Milwaukee, WI
$179 New York  (LaGuardia only)
$169 Raleigh Durham, NC
****Roundtrip BETWEEN HOUSTON, TX and:
$139 Amarillo, TX
$139 Birmingham, AL
$159 Greensboro/Piedmont Triad, NC
$149 Greenville/Spartanburg, SC
$179 Indianapolis, IN
$109 Killeen, TX
$109 Lake Charles, LA
$139 Laredo, TX
$129 Little Rock, AR
$139 Oakland, CA
$179 Pensacola, FL
$169 Washington, DC (Dulles Airport only)
****Roundtrip BETWEEN NEW YORK/NEWARK (Newark only) and:
$89  Buffalo, NY
$89  Burlington, VT
$149 Greensboro/Piedmont Triad, NC
$169 Greenville/Spartanburg, SC
$139 Norfolk, VA
$89  Rochester, NY
$189 San Jose, CA
2.  FEATURED FARES SAMPLE DESTINATION
Choose your fare, find your flight. Or, quickly sift through all our great
featured fares by choosing a destination or origin. Be spontaneous. Get out of
town. Current Featured Fares destinations include:
New York, Philadelphia, Dallas, Atlanta, West Palm Beach, and many more.
Note: Featured Fares change often. To see a regularly-updated online list and
purchase our Featured Fares, visit the website at
(Capacity controls and other restrictions apply)
3.  CO.O.L. TRAVEL SPECIALS FROM ALAMO RENT A CAR
This week, Alamo (R) offers great rates in the following cities. Rates listed
below are valid on compact class vehicles at airport locations listed.  Other
car types may be available. Rates are valid from Saturday, November 4 to
Tuesday, November 7, 2000.
To receive special Continental CO.O.L. discounted rates, simply make  advance
reservations and be sure to request ID # 596871 and Rate Code 33. Book your
reservation online at:
or contact Alamo at 1-800 GO ALAMO.
*If you are traveling to a city or a different date that is not listed, Alamo
offers you up to 20% off their retail rates when you book online at:
For complete details on these offers, please refer to Alamo's terms and
conditions below.
4.  CO.O.L. TRAVEL SPECIALS FROM NATIONAL CAR RENTAL
This week, National (R) offers great rates in the following cities. Rates 
listed
below are valid on compact class vehicles at airport locations listed.  Other
car types may be available. Rates are valid from Saturday, November 4 to
Tuesday, November 7, 2000.
To receive your special Continental Airlines CO.O.L. Travel Specials 
discounted
rates, simply make your reservation in advance and be sure to request Product
Code COOLUS.  Make your reservation online or contact National at 
1-800-CAR-RENT
(1-800-227-7368).  Book your reservation online at:
* If you are traveling to a city or a different date that is not listed,
National offers you up to 20% off their retail rates when you book online at:
For complete details on these offers, please refer to National's terms and
conditions below.
5.  CO.O.L. TRAVEL SPECIALS ON HILTON HOTELS AND RESORTS
The following rates are available November 4-6, 2000 and are priced per night
Airport: Albany, NY (ALB)
Rate:    $120 Hilton Garden Inn Albany Airport, Albany, NY
(Adjacent to Shaker Ridge Country Club; 15 minutes from downtown Albany)
Airport: Cleveland, OH (CLE)
Rate:    $59 Hilton Garden Inn Cleveland Airport,Cleveland, OH (Just two miles
from Cleveland Airport, and only 12
miles from downtown.)
Airport: Washington Dulles, DC (IAD)
Rate:    $109  Hilton Washington Embassy Row, Washington, DC
(Located 1/2 block from DuPont Circle, easy walking distance to shops,
galleries, and museums)
Airport: Washington Dulles, DC (IAD)
Rate:    $89, 11/4-5  Doubletree Washington Park Terrace,
Washington, DC  (Located on the world-famous Embassy Row just six blocks north
of the White House)
Airport: Washington Dulles, DC (IAD)
Rate:    $75, 11/4-5  Hilton Washington Dulles Airport,
Herndon, VA  (Located 2 miles fro IAD airport at the Gateway to the nation's
capital.)
Airport: Washington Dulles, DC (IAD)
Rate:    $89  Hilton McLean Tysons Corner, McLean, VA
(FREE shuttle to the Metro and famous Tyson's I and II shopping)
Airport: Intercontinental Airport Houston, TX (IAH)
Rate:    $78  Hilton Houston Hobby Airport, Houston  TX
(Across from Hobby Airport (free shuttle) - near Astroworld, NASA and
racetracks.)
Airport: Intercontinental Airport Houston, TX (IAH)
Rate:    $99  Hilton Houston Southwest, Houston, TX  (Only
9 miles from downtown Houston, Free shuttle to the Galleria Mall!)
Airport: Intercontinental Airport Houston, TX (IAH)
Rate:    $59, 11/4-5   Hilton Houston Westchase and Towers, Houston, TX
(Walking distance to Spellbinders Comedy Club, restaurants, and lounges!)
Airport: Oakland, CA (OAK)
Rate:    $98  11/4-5  Hilton Garden Inn San Francisco
Airport/Burlingame, Burlingame, CA (Located just 2.1 miles south of the San
Francisco International Airport in the city of Burlingame.)
Airport: Pensacola, FL (PNS)
Rate:    $119 Hilton Sandestin Beach and Golf Resort, Destin, FL  (A 2,400 
acre,
beachfront resort playground nestled between the Gulf of Mexico and the
Choctawatchee Bay.)
To book this week's special rates for Hilton Family Hotels, visit and book at:
Special rates apply only for the dates listed at each hotel and are subject to
availability.  Check hilton.com for specific dates at each Hilton Family 
Hotel.
Or call at 1-800-774-1500 and ask for Value Rates. Restrictions apply to these
rates.
6.  CO.O.L. TRAVEL SPECIALS LAST-MINUTE WEEKEND RATES FROM
WESTIN, SHERATON,AND FOUR POINTS HOTELS
Visit our site for booking these Last-Minute Weekend Rates
For complete details on these offers, please refer to the terms and conditions
below.
CO.O.L. TRAVEL SPECIALS RULES:
Fares include a $37.20 fuel surcharge.  Passengers returning on January 31, 
2000
will not have to pay the $37.20 fuel surcharge.  Passenger Facility Charges, 
up
to $12 depending on routing, are not included. Up to Three dollars per segment
federal excise tax, as applicable, is not included.  Applicable International
and or Canadian taxes and fees up to $88, varying by destination, are not
included and may vary slightly depending on currency exchange rate at the time
of purchase. For a complete listing of rules please visit:
ALAMO RENT A CAR'S TERMS AND CONDITIONS:
Taxes (including VLF taxes up to US$1.89 per day in California and GST), other
governmentally-authorized or imposed surcharges, license recoupment fees, 
fuel,
additional driver fee, drop charges and optional items (such as CDW Waiver
Savers(R) up to US$18.99 a day,) are extra. Renter must meet standard age,
driver and credit requirements. Rates higher for drivers under age 25.
Concession recoupment fees may add up to 14% to the rental rate at some
on-airport locations. Up to 10.75% may be added to the rental rate if you rent
at an off-airport location and exit on our shuttle bus. Weekly rates require a
5-day minimum rental or daily rates apply. For weekend rates, the vehicle must
be picked up after 9 a.m. on Thursday and returned before midnight on Monday 
or
higher daily rates apply. 24-hour advance reservation required. May not be
combined with other discounts. Availability is limited. All vehicles must be
returned to the country of origin. Offer not valid in San Jose, CA.
NATIONAL CAR RENTAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS:
Customer must provide Contract ID# at the time of reservation to be eligible 
for
discounts. Offer valid at participating National locations in the US and 
Canada.
Minimum rental age is 25. This offer is not valid with any other special
discount or promotion. Standard rental qualifications apply. Subject to
availability and blackout dates. Advance reservations required. Geographic
driving restrictions may apply.
TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR WESTIN, SHERATON, FOUR POINTS,
ST. REGIS, THE LUXURY COLLECTION, AND W HOTELS:
Offer is subject to availability. Advance Reservations required and are based 
on
single/double occupancy. Offer not applicable to group travel. Additional
Service charge and tax may apply. The discount is reflected in the rate 
quoted.
Offer valid at participating hotel only. Offer valid for stays on Fri - Mon 
with
a Friday or Saturday night arrival required. Rate available for this coming 
weekend only (insert and change dates of weekend each update) Offer available
only by making reservations via the Internet. A limited number of rooms may be
available at these rates.
UNFORTUNATELY MAIL SENT TO THIS ADDRESS CANNOT BE ANSWERED.
PLEASE SEND ALL INQUIRIES TO:
TO UNSUBSCRIBE:
We hope you will find CO.O.L. Travel Specials a valuable source of 
information.
However, if you prefer not to take advantage of this opportunity, please let 
us
know by visiting the CO.O.L. Travel Specials page on our web site at:
TO SUBSCRIBE:
Please visit the CO.O.L. Travel Specials page on our web site at:
I'm available on the 8th
Tickets were still available so I'm going.  Commitment.
Regrettably, Enron also can not participate today - Monday does not work for 
me either but in my absence Shari Stack could participate.  Let me know and I 
will coordinate schedules with Shari. 
I'm glad you cancelled.   I agree that the changes are much broader than we 
intended.
More importantly, I miss having not played tennis this week, and I'm going to 
DC this weekend, and likely out next week.  A short interlude but that's all.
On an EEI note, are you/Reliant going to the meeting in Ontario that is 
addressing contract issues in Ontario (Andy is speaking about EEI).  Are you 
supporting the use of EEI in Canada.  I think I have our Canadian office 
convinced to use it with dealers but they would want to "Canadianize" it, 
thereby creating an EEI Canadian.  Any thoughts.
PS I am going to WSPP meeting just for the day - Mike Small has mentioned 
playing tennis on Monday morning before the meeting.  Still not going?
As always, thanks for your help 
Hey I just realized I have babysitting on Friday.  Any chance you can play 
how about anytime between 2 and 3 Houston time.  If not, I could also do 
1130.  Let me know
2 hours later my crown is on, my teeth are happy but for the #3 upper right 
molar, which the dentist says, unbeknown to me, is abscessed.  I now need a 
root canal.  Soon.   That will make 562,003 to 1.
Happy playing
please sign me up
"Andy Katz"  	11/07/2000 03:12 PM
As discussed.
Andrew S. Katz, Director Industry Legal Affairs
Edison Electric Institute
701 Pennsylvania Avenue, N.W.
Washington, D.C.  20004
Voice:  202-508-5616
Fax:     202-508-5673
e-mail:  akatz@eei.org
X-eGroups-Return: notify-return-akatz=eei.org@egroups.com
22:33:23 -0000
Date: 30 Oct 2000 22:33:23 -0000
Hello,
Reply to this email to join the OSPBC group,
an email group hosted by eGroups, a free, easy-to-use email group
service.
JOIN NOW, IT'S EASY: reply to this email by choosing "Reply" and then
"Send" in your email program.
By joining OSPBC, you will be able to exchange messages
with other group members. eGroups also makes it easy to store
photos and files, coordinate events and more.
Here's an introductory message from the group moderator:
Hello,
Welcome to the OSPBC group at eGroups, a
free, easy-to-use email group service.  Please
take a moment to review this message.
To start sending messages to members of this group,
simply send email to
OSPBC@egroups.com
If you do not wish to belong to OSPBC, you may
unsubscribe by sending an email to
OSPBC-unsubscribe@egroups.com
You may also visit the eGroups web site to modify your
subscriptions:
,
Moderator, OSPBC
TO JOIN THIS GROUP:
1) REPLY to this email by clicking "Reply" and then "Send"
in your email program
-OR-
2) Go to the eGroups site at
S52TspJ7LCycg4
and click the "JOIN" button
If you do not wish to join the OSPBC group, please
ignore this invitation.
SPECIAL NOTE FROM eGroups:  Because eGroups values your privacy,
it is a violation of our service rules for moderators to abuse our invitation
service. If you feel this has happened, please notify us at abuse@egroups.com
- Andy Katz.vcf
please print
"Andy Katz"  	11/07/2000 03:28 PM
Some other stuff of interest.
Andrew S. Katz, Director Industry Legal Affairs
Edison Electric Institute
701 Pennsylvania Avenue, N.W.
Washington, D.C.  20004
Voice:  202-508-5616
Fax:     202-508-5673
e-mail:  akatz@eei.org
- October 11 Meeting Notes.doc
- PBC+Std+-+Rules3.doc
- Physical+Bilateral+Contract++Meeting.ppt
- Andy Katz.vcf
Still waiting on numbers, but wanted to see if this explanation would work, 
Give me a call when you get a chance.
Elizabeth
36349
please put on my calender
Janette Elbertson
11/07/2000 11:42 AM
The Power Trading QLR originally scheduled for November 9 at 10:00 am Central 
time has to be rescheduled.  Please let me know if Monday, November 13, from 
9:30 am to 11:30 am Central time works with your calendars.  Many thanks.
Christian:  I know 9:30 am Central time is 7:30 am Pacific time.  Please let 
me know if you can meet at that time 
Janette Elbertson
love to - let me know what time on Tuesday works
eas
as always you crack me up.  thanks for the help this am.
"Patricia Keogh"  	12/28/2000 10:48 AM
From Rick Antonoff:
Following our telephone conversations on Sunday and Tuesday, please find
attached our revised preliminary draft memorandum addressing the bankruptcy
issues that we have been discussing, and incorporating the additional facts
raised during our telephone conferences this week.  Based on our
discussions and the revisions made to the draft Settlement Agreement this
week, our draft memorandum is now based upon the Avista transaction.
Attached are clean and redline versions of the revised draft.  The redline
is marked to show changes from the draft we circulated on December 22,
2000.
We look forward to receiving your thoughts and comments after you have an
opportunity to review the memorandum.
.
(See attached file: #128814 vred - enron--memo.rtf)
(See attached file: #531492 v1 -  Revised Enron Memo.doc)
privileged.  If you are not the intended recipient, you must not read, use or 
disseminate the information.  Although this email and any attachments are 
believed to be free of any virus or other defect
that might affect any computer system into which it is received and opened, 
it is the responsibility of the recipient to ensure that it is virus free and 
no responsibility is accepted by Cadwalader, Wickersham
& Taft for any loss or damage arising in any way from its use.
- #128814 vred - enron--memo.rtf
- #531492 v1 -  Revised Enron Memo.doc
Just FYI - I'm going home.  No tennis tonight for me.
CY please work through w Tim
thanks
Vicki Sharp@EES
12/28/2000 02:48 PM
In the interest of time, I am forwarding the attached contract to Kevin 
Hughes, Wanda Curry, Don Black, Ron Adzegary, and Marty Sunde.  Please read 
the attached and confirm that this is your understanding of the  PGET/EPMI/ 
EEMC assignment 
I am also at this time forwarding to the working group my four main points, 
which I think reflect my main areas of concern under the drafts:
1.  I would like to say  that  the price is the same under the transactions Transaction costs should be dealt with separately. 
2. While we have agreed to take a pass through of the bankruptcy risk,  this 
draft provides that we take on all contract dispute risk.  As I understand 
it, EPMI intends to pass through all risk, such as change in delivery point 
risk, under the contract.  Since EPMI is our sole provider of power to EES 
(other than  the PGET contract), EPMI is in the best position to manage  
general contract risk with its counterparties, as it does today with all our 
physical electricity purchases.  EPMI may  have disputes under contracts for 
many reasons that EEMC is not aware of and will not be in a position to 
influence once the contracts are  assigned to Avista.
3. I assume if EPMI  trades out of  these positions as it manages its own 
portfolio, the credit risk would not follow to subsequent counterparties and 
the EPMI/EES confirm terms would revert to typical confirm language.
4.  I was operating under the assumption that the tax issue would be resolved 
with Steve Douglass prior to signing the main documents.  I am not sure 
whether this issue can be quantified by EES tax today.  Any suggestions or 
ability to resolve/quantify today?  Same concern for the accounting issues My concern here is that if the transaction leaves us in a worse economic 
position as a result of making EPMI whole, this would need to be addressed 
with our business people. 
Elizabeth and JOhn, what are the next steps. 
PRIVILEGED AND  As requested, attached is a draft of an internal letter between EEMC and EPMI 
relating to the PG&E transaction.  I will touch base to review the issues 
associated with it.  John
" John Klauberg
LeBoeuf, Lamb, Greene & MacRae, L.L.P.
212 424-8125
jklauber@llgm.com
- EEMC-EPMI.doc
Hi
Do you want to try and hit on Wed, either at lunch  or after work
"Jeffrey Watkiss"  	01/18/2001 03:08 PM
memo is attached.  Please excuse typos.  I haven't even had time to read what 
I wrote.
- 0136886.01
fyi
"JOHN G KLAUBERG"  	01/22/2001 11:29 AM
fyi
" John Klauberg
LeBoeuf, Lamb, Greene & MacRae, L.L.P.
212 424-8125
jklauber@llgm.com
Date: Sun, 21 Jan 2001 21:10:41 -0500
Vicki, Mike & Bob:  Attached is the revised summary of the negative CTC 
issues/positions/exposure items etc. reflecting the comments of Mike Day.  It 
is somewhat longer than I hoped, but it seemed to make sense to list all of 
these various items so that they are all on the table as we make decisions 
going forward.  Could you please distribute to whoever else should get this Please call me if you have any questions.  John
" John Klauberg
LeBoeuf, Lamb, Greene & MacRae, L.L.P.
212 424-8125
jklauber@llgm.com
- ctc.doc
Carol St Clair
06/16/2000 09:25 AM
Joe Hunter has asked me to draft a form of confirmation reply letter that we 
could send to our counterparties in lieu of signing their confirmations This form of letter with the appropriate chnages could also be used by those 
counterparties that we confirm.  Please let me know if you have any comments 
on this form or any concerns about implementing this process.  Thanks.
Carol
"Robert J. Madden"  	07/05/2000 03:43 PM
Elizabeth:  Here is the revised draft.
- 1XC#01!.WPD
See you at 1130 unless I hear otherwise.
Thanks for getting it set up.
eas
Confidential - Attorney Work Product/Not Discoverable
A. PGE
I. Termination Rights Based on the Failure to Post Collateral
It is possible that we could terminate the following contracts based on PGE's 
or one of its subsidiaries's failure to post collateral as required by the 
underlying contracts":
1.  PG&E/ENA - Financial ISDA  - Enron exposure $23 million
2.  PGET Power/EPMI - Physical power - Enron exposure $215 million
3. PGE Canada/Enron Canada - Physical gas - Enron exposure $15 million
4.PGE Canada/ENA - Physical gas - Enron exposure $1 million
II. Termination Rights Based on PG&E's Failure to Pay Indebtedness
It is possible that we could terminate the following contracts based on 
PG&E's or one of its subsidiaries's default on indebtedness in excess of a 
threshold (either $100 million or $50 million):
1. PG&E/ENA - Financial ISDA - Enron Exposure $23 million
2. PG&E/EPMI Physical Power -Enron exposure ($90 million)
3.PGET Power/ENA - Physical Coal - Enron exposure $200,000
4.PGET Power/ENA - Financial GTC - Enron exposure ($6.2 million)
5.PGET Power/EPMI - Physical power - Enron exposure (out of the money, 
currently used to net other EEMC power master which is net in the money $215 
million - see contract 2 above)
6.PGE Canada/Enron Canada - Physical gas - Enron exposure $15 million
7.  PGE Canada/ENA -Physical Gas- Enron exposure $1 million
8. PGET Gas/Enron Canada - Enron Exposure ($2.3 million)
9.PGET Gas/ENA -Financial ISDA - Enron exposure $ 48 million
10. PGET Gas/ENA - Physical gas - Enron exposure ($25 million)
11. PGET Gas/EES - Physical gas - Enron exposure ($700,000)
Most of the above agreements are supported by a guaranty from PG&E's parent 
(PG&E Corporation) in the amount of $475,000,000.  We have not yet made 
demand on the parent but could do so after PGE or its other unregulated 
subsidiaries failed to pay amounts due 
Exposures are approximate as of 1/19/01.  Before terminating, we would need 
to verify actual contract language.
B.  SCE Default
SCE is in default of a contract between SCE and EPMI relating to  a power 
sales position which is out of the money to EPMI approximately ($35 million) 
based upon SCE's failure to make payments on debt in excess of $100 million. 
Under contract we could suspend deliveries (limited period) and then 
terminate and accelerate amounts due.  Amounts payable could offset amounts 
owed by SCE to EPMI or its Affiliates including Enron Wind or Portland 
General.
looks great.  thanks for your help.
is the tournament on Sat or Sun or both? round robin?
thanks
looking forward to hitting tomorrow
please print
"Fergus, Gary S."  	02/06/2001 10:31 AM
Prepared in anticipation of litigation.
Distributed to entities with a common interest with no intent to waive
attorney client privilege.
Here are the draft pleadings.  The starting point was from materials offered
by Brian Currey.  Anything use should be attributed to Brian.  Anything that
is not useful should be attributed to our edits.  These should be considered
working drafts.
- Compl.doc
- proporder.doc
- Ps & As.doc
lets discuss this later
thanks
Janette Elbertson
11/13/2000 05:22 PM
Elizabeth and Mark:  Mark Haedicke said you two would be able to pull 
together a list of lawyers' names and addresses (lawyers who deal with energy 
derivatives) to be provided to Liz O'Sullivan to be invited to the referenced 
conference.
Jeff: Mark Haedicke said you would be able to pull together a list of 
companies (companies dealing with energy derivatives) and their addresses to 
be provided to Liz O'Sullivan to be invited to the referenced conference.
Liz O'Sullivan is with ISDA in New York.  Her telephone number is:  (212) 
332-2559.
Thanks.
Janette Elbertson
fyi
"JOHN G KLAUBERG"  	02/18/2001 05:46 PM
PRIVILEGED AND  Elizabeth:
I looked through the CMS PPA on my return flight to NY.  While I think we 
should walk through the various contractual provisions over the phone, I 
nonetheless thought it might be of some help to set forth a few preliminary 
focal points for those discussions, particularly if you don't get to this for 
a few days.  I thought it made sense to contemporaneously record some 
comments as I was thinking through some of the issues/positions.  Also, I'll 
have to run down the conflict issue when I get back into the office, but I 
thought I could generally review the PPA in any event.
In addition, I did not know whether it was ENA's or Dynegy's obligation to 
work on a response to CMS, but I thought it made some sense to see what one 
might look like on paper.  (See  attached).  At this point, however, I'm not 
sure whether MPLP should furnish any specific contract-based rationale in 
writing to CMS as to MPLP's position that the capacity charges should be 
adjusted on a calendar year basis.  You will note that the draft letter 
focuses on the language dealing with the adjustment formula to the Contract 
Capacity Factor (which clearly is done on a calendar year basis), rather than 
the scheduled changes to the stated capacity charges set forth on Exhibit D As noted below, there are some issues underlying this position.
Preliminary Overall Assessment
The PPA essentially is inconsistent on the capacity charge adjustment issue While many of the relevant computations are done on a calendar year 
basis--which generally supports MPLP's position--the effect of adjusting the 
stated capacity charges on a calendar year basis results in two anomalies: 
namely, the stated capacity charge (on Exhibit D) for "Year 1" only would 
apply for 3 months, but even more importantly, the capacity charge (on 
Exhibit D) for "Year 35" would apply for the last 21 months of the Contract 
Term.  The anomaly "running in the other direction" is that, under CMS's 
interpretation, various computations would be made on a calendar year basis 
(e.g., Contract Capacity Factor), and adjustments resulting therefrom would 
be applied "mid-stream" (i.e., after 3 months of the alleged "contract year" 
).  My overall concern is that an arbitrator may focus on the anomaly 
(described above) that results by applying Exhibit D using a calendar year 
concept (i.e., the 21 month "Year 35" issue) since that is a fairly easy 
concept to get your arms around..
More Information/Diligence/Research
Before a definitive conclusion on the issue can be made, we likely would want 
to review or undertake, as the case may be, some additional 
information/diligence/research, such as (which I assume we could generally 
obtain from the Michigan regulatory counsel referenced in the e-mail you 
forwarded):
--The Michigan PUC presumably approved the PPA (prior to the first amendment) 
in a published Order.  Was there anything in that Order or the submissions 
(or exhibits thereto, including financial projections) that might provide 
some guidance?
--My guess is that there must be other CMS QF PPAs with the same type of 
pricing structure since this issue essentially would arise in every instance 
where the COD was not a Jan.1.  Do we (or local counsel) know whether this 
may be a "global" attack by CMS on these types of PPAs?
--While not directly relevant to the contract interpretation question, 
confirm with local counsel that CMS would have recovered the "excess" 
capacity payments from its customers--so that it presumably would have to 
issue a customer refund if it were to prevail on its claims.
--CMS "self bills" itself under the PPA.  Has the statute of limitations run 
on any of its claims for refunds for prior years?  Can CMS's prior course of 
dealing be used to support MPLP's contractual interpretation, or is there 
otherwise an equitable argument that CMS should not be able to recover prior 
"overpayments" (as opposed to prospectively adjusting the capacity 
payments)?  (This could be particularly helpful to try to settle out the 
dispute on the basis that MPLP would concede the issue on a prospective basis 
only).
--The cover letter from CMS suggests that the alleged payment error resulted 
in payments in excess of the avoided cost rate authorized by the PUC.  Isn't 
this determination to be made over the life of the PPA, rather than for any 
particular period?  Assuming CMS's statement is correct, I assume it does not 
affect the validity of the PPA, but only whether CMS can recover the "excess" 
amount in rates?
--Do we have any leverage in the event we were to raise this dispute with the 
PUC?  If so, can this be used in the context of trying to work out an overall 
restructuring of the PPA?
Certain Points in Support of MPLP's Position
--The definition of "Contract Capacity Factor" provides for a calendar year 
determination and, most importantly, provides for a partial year calculation 
for the year in which the COD occurs that ends at the end of that calendar 
year.  If the capacity charge should be adjusted as of the anniversary of the 
COD date, it arguably would not make sense to have a partial year calculation.
--Sec. 10(a) provides that if in any calendar year the Contract Capacity 
Factor is less than 60%, then the capacity charges set forth on Exhibit D 
"shall be adjusted for the next calendar year as follows.... The capacity 
charges for the following calendar year shall then be determined (Emphasis added).  This section makes specific reference to Exhibit D and 
makes the adjustment effective for the next calendar year, not on the next 
anniversary of the COD.  It arguably would not appear to make any sense to 
apply the Contract Capacity Factor adjustment on a calendar basis, but 
determine the capacity charges on a COD anniversary basis if no adjustments 
thereto are required because the Contract Capacity Factor levels do not 
require an adjustment.
--NOTE:  The counter-argument, however, is that the foregoing language only 
pertains to the computation of a percentage "haircut" or adjustment that is 
applied to the stated capacity charges on Exhibit D, whatever those may be, 
rather than to when the annual stated capacity charges are effective.  That 
is, making this adjustment on a calendar year basis, even though the 
scheduled capacity rates change each October 1, is not necessarily in 
conflict with the rest of the PPA.
--Sec. 2(b) (Effective Date and Term) provides that the Agreement runs for 35 
years "and thereafter from year to year," unless a party gives at least one 
year's notice to terminate which termination shall be effective "at the end 
of the 35 years or any calendar year thereafter." (Emphasis added).  Thus, 
for example, if one month after the end of the 35 year term--i.e., October 
31, 2030--a party gave notice to terminate, such termination would be 
effective December 31, 2031, not September 30, 2031 or September 30, 2032 
(i.e., not on the anniversary dates of the COD).  Thus, the PPA contemplates 
in certain respects certain "stub" years and certain "long" years, a 
contractual scheme that is at least analogous to MPLP's position on the stub 
and long years for the timing of the scheduled changes in the stated capacity 
charges on Exhibit D.
--There are other calendar year based obligations--for e.g., Sec. 13 (and 
Exhibit B) reflect termination payments that, again, are calculated on a 
calendar year basis.  (We should discuss with the commercial people the 
economic rationale underlying the termination payments to see if there may be 
additional support in that respect).  (Note that some other calendar year 
based calculations were eliminated by the First Amendment to the PPA, but can 
still be used to reflect the underlying "calendar year" flavor of the PPA 
since the issue at hand existed even prior to the First Amendment).
A Few Additional Points to Note
--The PPA is devoid of default language, LDs, etc.; however, MPLP could bring 
a claim against CMS to arbitration (Sec. 18) for what it believes it is owed 
when CMS does not pay the full capacity charges in 2001 (plus interest as 
provided at Sec. 20) and keep performing under the PPA.
--Although I do not see a significant issue here, let's briefly discuss the 
potential for CMS to try to affirmatively use an "indication" of a regulatory 
disallowance pursuant to Sec. 10(c) as a way to attempt to force its 
"contract year" interpretation of Exhibit D.  While Sec. 10(c) is one of 
those "old school" one way regulatory outs, MPLP would undoubtedly use Sec. 
10(e) [requiring CMS to defend the PPA) to prevent CMS's affirmatively use of 
the PUC to support its contract claim.  (In Pennsylvania, PECO, in an 
analogous circumstance, attempted to use a PUC determination as justification 
to attempt to break a PPA with a QF).
Let me know when you wish to follow up.
John
" John Klauberg
LeBoeuf, Lamb, Greene & MacRae, L.L.P.
212 424-8125
jklauber@llgm.com
- sager-2.doc
Peter, just a follow-up to your email.
1.  I would agree that OPG is mistaken.  After the meeting, Chris and I and 
others started the process of explaining to Joel Sheinfied, a contract 
administrator, why deliveries in a pool situation were not just financial 
settlements but involved a physical commitment to deliver or cause to be 
delivered power.  On this issue I think it would be helpful to present OPG w/ 
a product definition that works with the physical master.  I know Chris is 
already working on this.  From what it sounds like, the Ontario pool is not 
that different from NEPOOL.  In UI, Chris worked on a product definition that 
you could incorporate into the physical master.
2. I also agree that in pools, a fm will only exist when the pool fails and 
there are no deliveries capable of being made (not a single MW flowing This is what we did in UI.  This is what we do in the California pool.  This 
is what we attempt to do in NEPOOL.  I think the EEI fm gets you to the same 
place (nobody could call fm if the pool were making deliveries) but agree 
that the language could be more direct.  With the California product (CAISO 
energy) we expressly modify the EEI fm since there are so many other things 
we also have to fix.  We likely in the future will also modify fm for the 
NEPOOL product but we are still trying to introduce so many other products in 
the US that this is a change for the near future.  In general, fm is unique 
to the product and I believe will change with each product.  When Chris and I 
were talking to OPG we told them that the fm we would be proposing for the 
Ontario product would be just as you stated:  Fm is only possible if the pool 
fails.  Just FYI, the god awful "Into"product in the US was created by Enron 
for the very reason you stated: we wanted to eliminate fm risk in a non-pool 
market - we did this by obligating the seller to continuously be required to 
change delivery points (and not be allowed to call a fm) within the defined 
control area if for any reason the prescheduled delivery point was 
unavailable 
Harrison called this am at home.  He said that you'all had discussed plans 
for Sat.  Because it's his B-day he wants to go out  - He seemed to suggest 
that you were on board, so I said OK too.  Hope that's OK.  There may be a 
basketball game and dinner in the offing.  Talk to you soon.
done
I think I could 3:30 (deal may be closing, but unlikely - if it did I might 
have to cancel - I would know by lunch). If you want, we could maybe try 
hitting at the HCC (the Houstonian courts are booked, otherwise we could try 
there) - now that I45 is closed, traffic around the MET during rush hour is 
terrible and I wouldn't want you to get stuck.  If this doesn't work, just 
let me know and we can find another time.
Mike Curry
11/14/2000 12:52 PM
Attached is the lastest redline and clean PPA.  This along with the GPSA will 
be provided to AA for their MTM review.  Hopefully this will result in a 
favorable review and we can move to close.  Michael, I will contact you 
regarding the timing of when we should hear back from AA.
Thanks, - Mike
Mike Curry
11/14/2000 12:56 PM
Attached are the final PPA and GPSA documents.  No change was made to Section 
5.02(g) due to Kevin Presto's discussion with Roger.  Looks like we are going 
to try and get this accepted by AA as is.  I did make change in Section 
2.01(b) per Gail's suggestion.
Please give me a call when you get a chance letting me our timeline from 
receiving word back from AA.
Thanks again, - Mike
Rodgers
As we discussed, here is a first effort at a revised TVA offer letter.  I 
drafted the Into TVA Option as a series of calls tied to the MOPA delivery 
term and quantity - not sure if this anything close to what you all had in 
mind.  Please let me know what shape you all think the offer ought to take 
and we can revise accordingly.
Thanks
Elizabeth 36349
at 4:00 unless I call you
Mark E Haedicke
Sent by: Janette Elbertson
02/28/2001 03:16 PM
Please use the form attached when preparing the top ten risks for your 
businesses.  Please be brief!
Mark E Haedicke
Sent by: Janette Elbertson
02/28/2001 04:41 PM
Please update the attached Legal Risk Report.   Send the revised report by 
e-mail.  Thank you.
Mike Curry
11/14/2000 11:37 AM
With Elizabeth's comments added to summary 
yuk. 
so sorry to have to cancel
that deal is making like it wants to close and the traders scheduled a 430 
call to wrap it up
don't they know we have better things to do
here is to getting back on track after thanksgiving
sorry again
per my vm
John Lamb@
11/15/2000 11:58 AM
Attached are clean and blacklined drafts of the Enron guaranties to be made 
in support of EPMI's obligations under the Indian Mesa II Renewable Energy 
Purchase Agreement ("PPA") and Green  Premium Sharing Agreement ("GSPA The guaranty for the PPA is blacklined against the Enron EPC Contract 
guaranty in favor of the banks which was granted in connection with our 
Cabazon Wind Power Project (the project most recently financed by EWC) and 
the GPSA guaranty is blacklined against the PPA guaranty.  As we discussed 
last week, since the Enron guaranties will need to be in a form that will 
acceptable to our project lenders and equity participants, we thought that we 
should start with a form that was used in our last financing and that was 
negotiated by Enron and the banks.  We plan to use the same basic form for 
the Enron guaranty that will be made in favor of EPMI with respect to the 
seller's obligations under the PPA.  We will forward the draft of that 
guaranty to you later today.  Please feel free to give me a call if you have 
any questions concerning the attached guaranties.  Thank you.
- PPA Guaranty.doc
- GPSA Guaranty.doc
- REDLINE GPSA Guaranty.doc
- REDLINE PPA Guaranty.doc
?
Sheila Tweed
03/26/2001 08:58 PM
Mary Hain
03/23/2001 12:24 PM
I am going to be the Senior Regulatory Counsel at ISO New England starting on 
April 9, 2001.   My last day in the Portland area will be March 31, 2001.  I 
enjoyed working with you and wish you the best of everything.  My new address 
will be:
Mary Hain
Senior Regulatory Counsel
ISO New England Inc.
One Sullivan Road
Holyoke, MA  01040-2841
(413) 535-4000
mhain@ISO-NE.com
Mark
Here is a revised draft of the CDWR risk memo.  Events change everyday. This 
morning's paper reports that a rate increase of 40% may be imposed by the 
CDWR as early as today and the new bond issue amount is purported to be 16 
billion (rather than the 10 initially discussed)
Mark
As we discussed, here is a copy of the draft memo.
Thanks
Elizabeth
36349
on court 10 
ps I may have to come back to work for a 615 call
Here is latest draft of risk memo (STILL IN DRAFT FORM).   I faxed comments 
to you on dash.  Do you have any current info on deal status?
Thanks
Elizabeth
36349
no problem
Hi Mike
I am definitely coming out for meeting on Monday - if you want to hit/play 
before meeting let me know and I'll bring my stuff.
.
MY MEMO
Mark E Haedicke
03/28/2001 03:33 PM
Your comments
Mark E Haedicke
03/28/2001 12:31 PM
Over the past several months, we have reviewed in detail our trading 
contracts and the companies through which we conduct our trading business in 
California.  In order to reduce Enron's non-market risks ( e.g. legal, credit 
and regulatory) in the volatile commodity markets in California or any future California", we propose the following changes:
1.    Mandatory Uniform Set-Off Provisions in All Trading Contracts for All 
Commodities -- set-off language varies commodity by commodity in trading 
contracts.  Set-off is one of the most critical tools available to Enron in a 
major default situation and it is critical to have set-off language and to 
have it be uniform commodity to commodity so that Enron can get the best 
advantage from set-off and not just the least common denominator.
2.     Mandatory Master Netting Agreements For Counterparties With Multiple 
Masters With Significant Opposite Exposures -- where it is necessary to have 
multiple masters with a counterparty, a "bridge" should be put place between 
the masters whenever there is significant opposite exposures under the two or 
more masters.
3.     Merge EPMI into ENA -- power trades are done through EPMI.  Merging 
EPMI into ENA and conducting power trades through ENA is much more efficient 
from both a credit and legal point of view.
4.     No Automatic Termination for a Bankruptcy Event 
Let me know if you have any other proposed changes to our trading contracts 
or entities through which we conduct our trading.  I believe these changes 
will (i) improve efficiency, (ii) reduce risks, (iii) develop the opportunity 
to do more business with certain counterparties and (iv)substanially improve 
Enron's position in the next California type market.  The long range goal is 
conduct as much as possible of the trading business through a single entity 
and a single or limited number standardized agreements.
sounds great .  see ya there.
Hi Carol
I don't know of any available nannies but will keep my ears open.  I used a 
service, Nanny Professionals, and was very pleased with the quality of 
candidates they sent over (our nanny has been w us for over 5 years).
Good luck on your search.
ps - Thanks for playing last week.  I look forward to playing again after 
Thanksgiving.
CONFIDENTIAL ATTORNEY CLIENT PRIVILEGE
"GEORGE T. LEE"  	04/08/2001 03:53 PM
Elizabeth,  John Klauberg has asked me to forward to you the attached 
notices of early termination.  Please call me at 713-287-2066 at the office 
or on my cell phone 713-540-1489 if you have any questions.
.
George T. Lee, gtlee@llgm.com.
- EMPITerm.DOC
- ECTCanad.DOC
- EnronCan.DOC
- EnronCan.DOC
- ENATermi.DOC
- ISDATERM.DOC
log sheet and written verification letter to come later - give copy of script 
to Mike or whoever else will be securing quotes
Brenda Whitehead
04/09/2001 10:33 AM
Per the request of Elizabeth Sager, please see this attachment 
I would think so but not sure - it sounds like DP is in US
"Brock, Alex"  	07/07/2000 11:15 AM
Liz-
We areleaving for Block Island on Monday and I wanted to get you some info.
for your trip.
I am forwarding by Fed Ex tonight keys for the apt. and for the house.
NYC Address: 156 First Avenue between 9th and 10th Street Buzzer # 21 Ground
floor apartment on right back Good Breakfast place for Family is the KKK on first Avenue between 12th and
13th St... or is it 11th and 12th.. LOOK on right side as you go up the
avenue.. cheap and good with garden in the back Directions to house from NYC:
Take the West Side Highway in Manhattan to the G.W. bridge. Go to upper
level of bridge and stay in right side lane. ..take first right hand exit
after going over the bridge onto the Palisades ParkwayNorth. Stay on
Palisades until you see exit (9??)for Route 287 North to Albany (to New York
State Thruway) on right. Go North on thruway to Exit 19 Kingston. ( about an
hour ). Once through the toll, stay on the right and merge onto the traffic
circle taking first right exit to Route 28 Pine Hill. Take Route 28 all the
way to Fleischmanns Exit (about 50 minutes ....You'll go past Olive ,
Boiceville , Shandanken, Phoenicia, Pine Hill). Take exit and round bend
into town.
Look for first and only gas station on right and take right turn just before
it onto Lake Street. Look at odometer and 4 miles after you'll come to Elk
Creek Road. (You'll pass into a different county, see West Settlement on
Left.. , Grange Building on right with dairy barn and cows across the street
) Take soft turn onto Elk Creek and round bend over small bridge (vly
creek). we are the first house- second driveway - on the left.. White with
unstained picket fence. The key is for the side door at back. There are two
driveways .. use the second for easy unloading through back.
Our neighbors across the street are Barbara (blonde sister) and Pat
(brunette sister) Dury. (914)254 4360..
Eric Rosen (first driveway on left) 254 4643... ... Stan & Adele Seigel
driveway to right... feel absolutely free to call upon them if you feel the
need.. I'm sure Eric will stop by with his new puppy Clifford.. Karen and
Jim Rauter live on the high road.. (Lake Street extension) 254 4180.. they
have a little boy Julian about Sam's age.. Again please feel free to call
them.. She is the one that has the interesting job with the not for profit
environmental group..
Nearby Attractions : Eric Rosens pond...see his garden too.... Walk down his
driveway until you get to trailer .... garden on right... veer off left past
the trailer into brush and follow path through two fields and see pond on
right.. Good Evening walk to see Great Blue Heron in pond .. His new house..
(I helped design) is on top of the hill....Also Walk up Elk creek Rd.just
watch for fast traffic.. nice views.. walk through little abandoned cemetery
across the Siegels driveway and walk up that hill and through the fields for
nice vistas. Definitely take a bike ride down high road all the way back to
Johnson Farm... In general we feel free to access the creeks through other
peoples property especially if they are not in sight... P.S. the wagon in
the yard is how we get Lucy back to Eric's .. until we go off the road..We
also left our hiking pack if Sam can be carried in it 
Swimming is available at the Pine Hill Lake . .. Go back to Route 28 and
take left go over Pine Hill and see Lake on right.It is a public facility
with life guards and the  "beach " looks a little fakey from the road but
the swimming is reallywonderful with a floating dock.. There are some creek
swimming holes but we don't really frequent any though if  you see a bunch
of cars along the road chances are that's one 
In the town of Fleischmanns there is a really nice park with a public
swimming pool, soccer field, tennis courts, basketball courts.. another good
place to hang and play frisbee with the kids Other day excursions... Little Pond and Big Pond Recreational areas.. or
hike to Giant Ledge ...see Big Indian turnoff from Route 28 and follow that
road until you come to the first sharp right bend and see parking on
right... Ledge is about 1-1/2 miles... (careful of the edge) a beautiful
vista and a not too strenuous hike.. You can find these places on the maps
of the Park in the Plastic envelope inside the big cluttered mess of a
cabinet in the Living Room .. This is our too busy to put away depository..
For food shopping you should make a pit stop in Boiceville Supermarket on
the left of Route 28 on the way to the house from the thruway.. it is the
cheapest best selection and place to stock for the week. If you arrive on a
Sat. in time to go to the Round barn Farmers Market near Roxbury on Route 30
there are fresh produce and food stands and some times live music in a
wonderful old round barn.. See attached maps Also go to Margaretville once you are at house for shopping.... wine store..
cheese store and an A&P... For a special meal stop at the seafood place on
route 28 in Arkville.. He goes to Maine every week for fresh lobster 
Check out the antiques center in the old theater in Margaretville for good
browsing..
Other towns of interest and beautiful drives... Andes has old hotel with
restaurant and is very pretty.. also has good thrift shop..
Bovina is a beautiful little town with a good cafe style grocery run by
relocated tasteful city folk.. good food 
Things about the house.... Unfortunately we have developed a knocking in our
pipes in the bathroom.. don't be alarmed.. just adjust the controls to help
get rid of it..... Also more importantly we donot use the water for cooking
or drinking as it is hard-not so good tasting and has a high salt content-
We use the nearby spring to fill the jugs at the foot of the steps in the
basement.. The Spring is located on the "high road" going back towards
Fleischmanns you pass West Settlement where honey stand is.. go over little
bridge then see meadow on left go past this meadow about 100 yards until you
see a stand of tall pine trees on left and there is a wide shoulder on the
left side of the road ... look for the spring on the right side of the road
across from the pine stand.... It is delicious water... The house water is
just fine for bathing and rinsing food Also make sure the shower curtains stay closed while you are showering as
the water can escape out the back if you don't close them... Another thing
if there is alot of rain the water will get a brownish tint to it.. If it
gets really bad and you don't want to use it to bathe you can go to the
public
showers at Pine Hill Lake or even ask Barbara across the street if you could
borrow hers...  We have actually gotten an estimate to upgrade the whole
system so if the guy calls while you are there tell him we will contact him
when we return... For clothes washing there is a Laundermat in Margaretville
where you can play frisbee in the field behind the place or go fishing in
the creek while you wait..P.S. My rod is in the basement and the reel is on
top of the Fridge 
Well I think that's the most of it.. I'll call you from Block Island with
our number there. In the case of Emergency call Eric or Barbara or 911...our
fire number is posted on the mailbox... Eric Rosen works at the Cafe on Main
Street in Margaretville in the evenings... (there is a hospital emergency
room on route 28 in Margatretville) If you need to see a doctor for some
reason call Karen to get the name of her pediatrician otherwise Dr. Marguerite Collins may be able to help .. she has an excellent
rep.
Have Fun and can't wait to see you 
Thanks for the documents.  If OK w you, I will look at during my flight on 
Sunday and will call you on Monday am  if I have any comments.  If this isn't 
OK, please leave me a voice mail and I will try to review earlier.
Thanks
Elizabeth
713 853 6349
an""EEI Canada"?  Is that OK with EEI? Do you think we should rename it in 
the name of the organization that "approves" it?  Is that OK w EEI?  Maybe 
you should discuss at meeting and then we can discuss with Andy from EEI to 
get EEI's approval/consent.
Jeff
I enjoyed speaking with you on the flight back to Houston.  As promised, 
here is the information about the Ontario meeting regarding the creation of a 
Physical Power Master for Canada.  Don't hesitate to call if you have any 
thoughts or comments.
Talk to you soon
Elizabeth Sager
713 853 6349
"Mark J. Huggins"  	11/20/2000 10:45 AM
Please respond to OSPBC
I am triple booked that day in the morning.  I have a similar question.
 I would like to particpate, but cannot get out to Toronto this week.  Will
I
 be able to dial into the meeting?