Shane,
Monday would work for us.
My assistant will contact you Wednesday to arrange the interviews.
Vince
Dr. Kaminski:
?
I just wanted to touch base and see if I needed to snail mail  a copy of my 
resume or get in touch with anyone else over at Enron ?
The finance department at LSU will be sending out financial  award letters to 
new Ph.D. students before long, and my interning at Enron would  free up some 
additional departmental funds.? In addition, If I will be here  in Baton 
Rouge during the fall, I will need to pay my tuition next month.?  I am able 
to pursue an internship in large part because of the department's  
cooperation and assurance that when I return I will still have a research and 
or  teaching assistantship to help fund the completion of Ph.D.? I have been  
told that such cooperation and assurances are rare at LSU, so I am trying to  
rock the boat as little as possible.
?
I realize until I receive an offer from Enron my internship (I  say 
internship rather than sabbatical because LSU will not continue to pay me my  
stipend while I am away) is not assured until an offer has been extended by  
Enron.? I understand that there are procedures?and protocols that must  be 
followed before this occurs, and I would be willing to do whatever is  
necessary to move to the next step in that process.
?
I will be in Houston on July 8 & 9 for my wife's  grandmother's 80th 
birthday.? If it would be convenient, I could be in  town?on the preceding 
Friday, or following Monday for a visit and/or  interview.? If not, given the 
relatively close proximity between Baton  Rouge and Houston, I would be happy 
to come at another time.
?
Thanks again,
Shane Green
?
Michael,
Please, contact Zimin Lu.
Vince Kaminski
Michael Danielson
06/30/2000 01:10 PM
Thanks for your help on content for EOL phase 2.
An additional piece of content that we are trying to include in our scope is 
an options calculator.  This would be an interactive tool to teach less 
sophisticated counterparties about options.  We would like to collaborate 
with someone in research to refine our approach (and make sure we're using 
the right formulas).  Who should we contact in research for this?
Attached is a mock-up of what we have in mind 
- Calculator Prototype.ppt
Al Arfsten  Please respond to arfsten@bflassociates.com
Vince:  Okay, lets meet Thursday at 7:00 am as you suggested.  FYI:  I get
attachments from aol users nearly every day.  If you received the cc at your
office and could open the attachment, you could "forward" that message to
me?  Otherwise, you can bring a hard copy with you Thursday.  Al
Vince J Kaminski wrote:
 Al,