Shirley,
Please, register me for this.
Vince
David Ikenberry  Andres Almazan
Don Chew
John Freeman
Geoge Gau
Vince Kaminski
Bob Marchesi
John Martin
Vojislav Maksimovic
Laura Starks
Art Warga
Michael Weisbach
Dear Friends
Attached is some registration and logistical information relating to the
upcoming corporate finance conference on May 4-5 in Houston.  If you have
any questions, please don't hesitate to contact Sheridan, Bob or myself.
The program is shaping up nicely, however one of us may draft to serve in
some small, but helpful capacity.
Sheridan Titman, 512.232.2787, titman@mail.utexas.edu ,
Bob Parrino at parrino@mail.utexas.edu
Dave Ikenberry, 713.348.5385 , daveike@rice.edu
As of today, the list of firms sending a representative include:
Pfizer
Pacificare
Cooper Industries
RadioShack
Pepsi
Delphi Automotive
Microsoft
Whirlpool
Enron
Johnson Controls
Airgas
Sara Lee
Dell
Conoco
- particpate registation details.doc
Prof. David Ikenberry
Jones Graduate School of Management
Rice University
713-348-5385
John,
This is the update on what I have done for the LNG transactions.
1. I was not involved in the LNG ship project. I shall  read the DASH 
and give you my comments. Without looking at the details, I think that the 
decision
to charter a tanker removes one significant risk we have at the Elba Island 
project (please, see point 2).
2. Elba Island. I am working with Doug Rotenberbg, Brad Hitch, Scott Earnest 
(Sally Beck's organization) and RAC to set up the book for the Elba Island 
transaction. The next step
will be to expand the book to capture all the Enron's LNG-related  positions  
in one place and
to look for natural risk offsets and possible hedges. A working group is 
meeting to close a few
remaining gaps  tomorrow (Tuesday) at 8:30.
A few comments on the book design and my view of the project:
a. The current thinking is that LNG will be sourced for the Elba Island 
facility
by buying marginal cargos on the fob basis. Marginal cargos will represent
supply from excess capacity that has not been committed under long-term
contracts or became available due to some short-term frictions.
The fob cargos are typically selling at a significant discount to the 
long-term
contract prices. The economics of the deal, as represented by the book we are 
setting up, will reflect the assumption that not only we can locate marginal 
cargos
but that we shall be able to do it on a regular basis, arranging shipping and 
coordinating
the facility schedule and natural gas transactions in the US. In other words,
we have a significant logistical and operational risk in this transaction.
b. The transaction will cover the period of 17 years (with an extension 
option of
5 years). Even if we can lock-in the LNG volumes over this time period, we
have no ability to lock-in the other side of the spread (US gas prices) for 
such a long tenor. This is  
essentially a tolling transaction with exposure to the LNG - nat gas spread 
and
I would not recommend locking-in only one leg of the spread.
One solution would be to  cover, let's say, 50% of he LNG volumes for the 
first
5 years and lock-in the nat gas side on the US market side.
c. The book we are setting up will be based on many managerial assumptions
regarding sources of LNG, shipping rates, schedules, etc. I would set up a 
big prudence reserve
in case we mark it to market.
d. My group will work on valuation of some options we have in the Elba Island 
deal
(that are good for Enron) and on the hedging strategy for the LNG positions.
Long-term LNG contracts are typically based on the Japanese Crude Cocktail 
that 
correlates very well with Brent.
Vince
John Sherriff
05/14/2000 01:40 AM
Vince
I haven't spoken to you for awhile but hope the world is treating you well Anyway with Greg moving to his
new role I have (I hope only temporarily) staff trading oversight for the 
Eastern Hemishere plus LNG.
I understand that your group is taking a first cut at developing curves for 
LNG and LNG ship values.   I also understand
that another LNG ship decision is on the dockets for May 19 (not very far 
away).  Anway I understand this
is a big decision but I still have gotten very little info yet.  Can you 
please let me know where you stand now?
I will ask my assistant Lauren to set up a time that I can speak with you in 
the next couple of days and if you
have anything for me to review before then she can get it faxed to me as well.
Look forward to connecting with you Vince.
John
Celeste,
I am forwarding you a letter from Prof. Duane Seppi from Carnegie Mellon 
University.
I have known Duane for many years and I know that he does not make his
recommendations without very good reasons.
I would recommend looking at John Gordon as a very strong candidate:
I think he will make a terrific contribution to Enron.
Vince
ds64@MAIL1.ANDREW.CMU.EDU on 05/12/2000 01:30:14 PM
Dear Vince,
I am writing to bring to your attention a GSIA student, John Gordon, who is
currently being considered for Enron's Associates program.  My understanding
is that Mark Courtney and Andrew Miles at Enron are championing John as a
late addition to the program.
While I know Enron doesn't routinely recruit at GSIA, John would be an ideal
candidate if you are willing to make an exception.  He is a terrific finance
student with a strong transcript; including an A+ in my Options class. Since
John has an engineering/energy background, he asked early on for additional
background reading about finance and energy.  John is personable and
outgoing.  Normally the job market for someone of John's caliber would have
already cleared, but I have been told that there are dual career issues at
play here.
I would be very appreciative if you would take a look at John.  A copy of
his resume is attached to this email.
,
Duane
Duane Seppi
Graduate School of Industrial Administration
Carnegie Mellon University
Pittsburgh PA  15213-3890
tel. (412) 268-2298
fax (412) 268-8896
email ds64@andrew.cmu.edu
- John Gordon's Resume
piazzet@wharton.upenn.edu
Shirley,
Please keep it on your radar screen.
Vince
Sue Wadsworth@MUNICATIONS
05/11/2000 05:16 PM
Scott Yeager has requested I set up a meeting for Mark Keeter to present to 
the group his findings for the 6 month study of Managing Global 
Network/Application Service Platform and include managing QoS end to end 
How does Tuesday May 23 in the morning look for everyone Mark, how long do you need I will schedule the conference room for.
Also please let me know if anyone else should be invited.
Sue Wadsworth
EB4590A
713-853-5105
Phelim Boyle   Vince 
Thanks again for agreeing to speak at our conference. 
It is attracting considerable interest 
Is it possible for you to send us copies of your slides by May 18 to meet our 
deadline for 
preparing the material.? If you have? a related paper available that covers 
some of the same material that would do instead but 
naturally we would prefer the slides. 
I would like to mention again the?? the pre-conference dinner at 
7 pm on Sunday May 30 for the speakers 
We hope very much you can be present 
I was also hoping you would be available for the last? session of the day to 
be panel member 
The provisional title? is 
Managing Risk in Illiquid Markets 
The chair is Pat Concessi of Deloitte and Touche 
The panel last from 3.30 until 4.30 and we would like panel members should 
speaker for 
a few minutes and take questions from the floor. 
In the meantime if you have any questions please let Amy or myself know 
Sincerely 
Phelim P Boyle 
? 
Phelim P Boyle 
Director 
Centre for Advanced Studies in Finance, 
University of Waterloo, 
Waterloo, Ontario 
Canada N2L 3G1 
Tel? 519 885 1211(6513) 
Fax 519 888 7562 
? 
Betty,
Thanks.
Vince 
Betty Alexander@_DEVELOPMENT
05/12/2000 10:35 AM
Vince -
I couldn't have been more pleased than when I saw your name on the Managing 
Director promotion list last January - who says nice guys finish last 
I've had the announcement in my "to do" folder all this time, waiting for me 
to catch up enough to send you this message, but I guess you're no stranger 
to that scenario 
Nothing stochastic about it, you're simply the best!
Betty 
Greg,
As you may know, Brad Romine's dot.com venture fell apart.
The offer from Enron looks much better now. I have arranged for him
a number of different interviews (including one with you). I think we should 
not be too
punitive and give him the 2nd chance. I am also setting up for him interviews 
with RAC
and EBS  and he should be able to negotiate a good first rotation.
Please, give me a call if you have any other question.
Vince Kaminski
Sue,
I shall be available.
Vince
Sue Wadsworth@MUNICATIONS
05/11/2000 05:16 PM
Scott Yeager has requested I set up a meeting for Mark Keeter to present to 
the group his findings for the 6 month study of Managing Global 
Network/Application Service Platform and include managing QoS end to end 
How does Tuesday May 23 in the morning look for everyone Mark, how long do you need I will schedule the conference room for.
Also please let me know if anyone else should be invited.
Sue Wadsworth
EB4590A
713-853-5105
Nick,
The airport is about 30 minutes  by cab from the office (1400 Smith).
The best hotel is either Hyatt Regency Downtown or Doubletree 
Downtown (it is important to emphasize Downtown when making
reservations). The hotels are within a walking distance
from  the Enron building.
We can make reservations  for dinner around 6:30 - 7:00
in a resturant  within 10 minutes by car from the hotel.
By the way, we shall be very glad to reimburse you for the trip related 
expenses.
Vince
Nick Bambos  Vince,
Yes, that would be ideal. But let me call first my travel agent to
see if there is a flight that would satisfy all the other
constraints. What time should I be at Enron on Thursday, and how far is
the airport from your offices?
Thanks,
Nick
Vince.J.Kaminski@ wrote: