Grace Reim 
Mr. Sinha -
Unfortunately, Ken Lay will not be able to attend the May 16 dinner.  He also 
has a conflict on September 28, the next meeting of the ISB Governing Board.
Rosalee
Dear Governing Board member,
This is just let you know that three of our Board members - Victor Menezes
(Citibank), PC Chatterjee (The Chatterjee Group), and Uday Khemka (the SUN
Group of Industries) - are co-hosting a fund-raising dinner for the ISB on
Tuesday, May 16, 2000 in New York. While I understand this is short notice,
in case you are in New York on that date and also available for dinner, we
will be delighted if you could join us. Rajat, Dean Jacobs, and a number of
other Board members and supporters will also be there.
Please block off the date on your calendar and let me know if it is
possible for you to attend. We will be sending out a formal invitation in a
few days. Also, do let us know if you have any suggestions on who we should
invite for the event.
Please also note that the next meeting of the ISB Governing Board will be
held in New York on Thursday, September 28 from about noon to 6PM.
With 
Pramath Sinha
Sally:
Here is the number for the Montriand #2680.
Tori
From Ken Lay -
Ken said "Get word back to Lucie that 6 or 7, but would prefer 6 and add an 
extra special 7th meeting during the year if it's needed".
Thanks.
Rosalee
Mike has suggested that we cut back  board meetings to fewer than the eight 
(8) we currently hold.? In order to  give you some background, Linda checked 
other peer companies and the meetings  range from 6 to 8 a year ?
I think that we can cut back to 6,  however it may be more prudent to drop to 
7 this year and first see how it goes  .? The two meetings that can be 
dropped most easily are June or  September ?
June,  because we have the two day strat  plan meeting in July, and Sept. 
because we don't yet have 4th quarter results  and not a lot of new 
information is available.
?
I think that the board meetings take up   an incredible amount of Compaq 
executive time and energy. I would rather have  them concentrate on getting 6 
or 7 meetings right, getting the company back on  track and? increasing 
earnings.? So, my vote is to?recommend to the board that we  eliminate the 
September '01 meeting.? That is a particularly busy month for  many people as 
exhibited by the lack of attendance we had at this past September  meeting (5 
members).? In looking back, we seem to be able to "fill the  house" in June.
?
On the other hand, you all may want to  continue with the number of meetings 
we currently have.? I will await your  reply.
?
,
?
?
Mr. Kenneth Lay will not be able to attend.
Thank you
Mr. Kenneth Lay, Chairman & CEO of Enron Corp. will not be able to attend the 
May 16 event.
If you have any questions, please call me at 713/853-5769.
Thank you
Mr. Kenneth L. Lay, Chairman and CEO of Enron Corp. will not be able to 
attend the November 16 - 17, 2000 6th Olympiad of the Mind.
If you have any questions, please call me.
713/853-5769
Thank you
Sharon:
Mr. Lay's e-mail address is kenneth.lay@
Please let me know if you have any other questions.
Thank you
Dick, I don't know if we answered this for you or not, but I'm sure it will 
be fine for you to draft a letter for Ken's signature.
Rosie
Richard Leibert@_DEVELOPMENT
05/01/2000 09:10 AM
Ken,
the Indo-American Chamber of Commerce.  Both would like to invite PM Vajpayee 
to Houston during his U.S. visit in September.  The last time that we had a 
PM here was in '94 with PM Rao.  I would like to support this action and 
would recommend that we draft a letter for your signature.  Have discussed 
same with Joe Sutton and have his support.
Dick
Jeff, I will definitely show this to Mr. Lay.  However, I had a thought.  Why 
don't you draft what you'd like him to say and then he can make changes to it 
as he wishes.  That would really be helpful.
Thanks.
Rosalee
Jeffrey McClellan@ECT
04/28/2000 03:21 PM
Ken,
Thank you for the opportunity to meet today at the "Enron Teaching Excellence 
Awards."  It was an indeed an honor and a privilege to finally speak to you 
in person.  Ironically, when I returned to the office today I received your 
interoffice mail concerning the below email.  I certainly understand that you 
will not be able to attend many events as I am sure that your schedule is 
quite demanding.  I believe that this group will benefit substantially by 
knowing that you are aware that it exists and want to support it.  Is it 
possible to send a brief email to UH alumni at Enron letting them know as 
such?  If the alumni see that you support our efforts, they will take an 
increased interest in participating and provide us a solid foundation with 
which to work.  Please provide me any feedback you may have.
As we talked about today, we would like to begin having occasional "brown 
bags" in an effort to get the alumni better acquainted with the university I believe that we should have one with Dr. Smith to promote the image 
campaign, changes at the university, the tier 1 status, etc.  If you could 
make it that would be great but if not that is OK as well.  I will send you 
the date when I have it.
Chet Gladchuk has agreed to work with us to orchestrate a tailgate party on 
Sept. 16th to welcome Dana Dimel in his first home football game.  We will 
have a tent, food, refreshments, football tickets, etc.  I suspect that it 
will be from approx. 4:00 PM to 10:00 PM.  Please let me know if your 
calendar is free.
I am truly excited to have you as alumni and am grateful for your 
approachability.  Please let me stress that I do not expect you to make all 
or even most of our events.  I would just like to let you know what we are 
doing and if you find that you are free, we would love to have you.
Thank you for your time,
Jeff
Jeffrey McClellan
04/12/2000 05:10 PM
Mr. Lay,
My name is Jeff McClellan and I am President of the "Cougars @ Enron".  We 
are a group of Enron employees that are UH alumni that have banded together 
to form a chartered extension of the Houston Alumni Organization.  We had our 
kickoff event in the 50th floor dining room on March 7th of this year and 
have received substantial interest in our organization.  I wanted to drop you 
a line to tell you not only about us, but also what we are doing.  As of 
today, we have 107 employees that have expressed interest in contributing to 
our group's success. We have several stated objectives:
1. Network Enron Cougars together to build strong working relationships This will benefit the employees as well as the company.
2. Raise and present scholarships to Enron dependents to attend the 
University of Houston.  This will help to ease education costs.
3. Assist the company in its recruiting efforts concerning the university.
4. Assist the university through financial gifts whenever possible.
Currently, here is what we have planned:
4/15/2000 The HAO has given us their hall at "Frontier Fiesta".   Frontier 
Fiesta is a festival thrown by the students and alumni that provides good 
family   fun. The HAO is having it catered and everyone is invited.
9/16/2000 We are throwing a tailgate party to celebrate Dana Dimel's first 
home football game against Army.  We are working with Chet Gladchuk to set up 
a   tent, have it catered, listen to a live band, football tickets, etc.  We 
would like to make this event open to all of Enron if possible.  The 
university will   provide Enron special recognition on both the Cougar Vision 
Scoreboard and over the PA in both the first and second half of the contest.
These are the confirmed events so far as we are still in the opening stages We anticipate to have more events planned (golf tournament) which I would 
like the opportunity to share with you.  This group is designed to cater to 
its members, the company, and the university and I believe it is going to be 
one of the most successful out there.  To achieve such a plateau, however, we 
need to be a continuous draw to old and new alumni alike.  To have you as an 
alumni is truly a monumental draw to our employees and the university.  Would 
you consider making several appearances with us at our events?  Your 
participation would greatly increase our exposure and ability to accomplish 
our goals and we would love the chance to honor you as one of our most 
distinguished alumni.  If there are any suggestions that you may have as to 
how to further our group, I would love to hear them.  I understand that you 
are extremely busy and I do not wish to monopolize your time but this alumni 
charter is something that I truly believe in and I hope you will agree that 
it has great potential.  With you support, we can attain a level of success 
that will set us aside from any other group.
Thank you for your time,
Jeff
Kenneth Lay has approved Cindy Olson's expense report, which is attached.
Mr. Lay had passed this on to Joe Hirko in Enron Broadband Services.
tcsburke@ccsurvey.com on 04/20/2000 08:09:18 PM
Please respond to sunb9902b@ccsurvey.com
Dear MR. LAY,
Recently you should have received an email invitation asking for your
participation in an executive customer survey regarding Sun's performance This
is just a reminder that Sun is still very interested in your feedback.
To take the survey, either click on the URL below, or copy and paste the 
ENTIRE
URL into your browser's address window.  Thank you for your time and
consideration.
Cordially,
Paige Dugger
Burke CSA
pdugger@burke.com
[AK3iRK]
Thanks, Sharon!!!  We'll have him there.
Rosie
Sharon Lay  
Hi Annie -
Unfortunately, Mr. Lay will be out of town that day.
Rosie
DON'T FORGET 
Special Called Board Meeting
April 25, 2000  -  3:45 - 4:30 p.m.
Kim Son Ballroom, 1503 St. Emanuel
(Packets will be mailed on Tuesday, April 18th.)
Please reply with your attendance, or give me a call me at 713-685-2764.
Thanks!!
Gayla:
Regrettably, Mr. Lay has a previous engagement and will not be able to attend 
the EE&CC Holiday Party.  Thank you for the invitation.
Tori
Gayla E Seiter @ ENRON_DEVELOPMENT   11/15/2000 08:21 AM
Hi Mr. Garten and Valerie -
We have been working on Ken's schedule.  It is a fairly busy week, but it 
looks like he could do a 30 minute conference call on Wed. at 2:30 p.m. (New 
York time), if that is still good for you.  Please let me know if Wednesday 
is a satisfactory time for the phone call.  That appears to be the only 
window he has next week.
Valerie had already sent the SEC Panel Outline on 4/11, which you attached 
below.  Ken Lay has already seen it.
Re:  the other question that you asked about Ken Lay's name appearing in a 
press release, he said that is fine.
Rosalee
Dear Ken,
We are in the process of trying to arrange a conference call with you on
either Tuesday or Wednesday of next week to discuss the paper which is
attached.  ( I'm sending it along now so that you have some time to look at
it.)
We will be doing this by conference call and once we set a time to talk with
you, will give you the number to call.  (To set up a time, your office can
contact my assistant, Valerie Petersen either at valerie.petersen@yale.edu
or at 203-432-6035.)
Look forward to speaking with you next week.
,
Jeff Garten
- SEC Panel Outline 10Apr00.doc
You are all the most thoughtful and sweet!!!  Thank you so much for the 
flowers that you sent today!!  You made our day wonderful!!
Thanks so much 
Rosie
Western Coal Council -- Linda Bernson  04:37:11 PM
If you do not wish to receive this update in the future, simply reply to this 
message by typing REMOVE in the subject area, and we will remove your email 
address from future transmissions. 
Thank You! 
Dear Members, 
Attached is the April WCC Member Update.? We hope you enjoy this "members 
only" 
benefit. You'll need Adobe Acrobat Reader to view this file.? This program is 
available at no charge at Acrobat Reader. 
Please let us know if you have suggestions or comments to improve upcoming 
issues. 
Cheers, 
Janet Gellici 
Executive Director 
Western Coal Council 
info@westcoal.org
- apr2000.pdf
Hi Liz -
Your Father wrote:
"Elizabeth -
The Republican Convention is July 31 - August 3.  Although there are no 
guarantees I expect I can get you tickets and reservations.
Love,
Dad"
Liz, I have sent an e-mail to our Washington office to ask for assistance in 
obtaining hotel reservations and credentials.  We don't yet have reservations 
for Ken as everything is locked up by the Republicans, but I have been 
assured they will be forthcoming.  We asked for the same hotel as your Dad 
will have, so hopefully that will work.
Rosie
Elizabeth Lay  Dad,
Just wanted to e-mail and wish you all the best on the
Openning day, you'll do GREAT! I wish I were there,
I've been getting updates from Kay and Kathy,
particularly about the free doghnuts and Duck Soup!
On another note, when is the Republican Convention? I
would really like to attend if possible.
Best of luck I love you,
Liz
p.s. let me know what the feed back is in   to
campaign help!
__________________________________________________
Do You Yahoo!?
Talk to your friends online with Yahoo! Messenger.
Hi Corey -
My champion, hero, angel - I think I have made a major mistake!!!  I thought 
I had tickets to Mark McGuire's team for May 12, but it is the Cinncinatti 
Reds!!!  I am so sorry.  Is that going to be o.k.?  That's  what I get for 
thinking I know anything about baseball.
Look forward to hearing from you!!
Love,
Aunt Rosie
Yes, indeed.
Janet Mathews  Please respond to jmathews@jefferson-usa.com
This is a test to confirm we have the correct email address for Mr. Ken Lay.
Please respond if this message has been received successfully.
Thank You
Gary, I could open it perfectly!!
Hi Terry -
Ken Lay said that he would really like an update and more detail about the 
"Digital Divide" and TFA.  He is attending the Fortune Battle Royal and said 
this fits right in with the subject.  He will be leaving for Washington 
tomorrow night.
Thanks.
Rosalee
Terry_Pierce@.net on 03/30/2000 09:59:59 AM
Terry Pierce
Enron Broadband Services
Corporate Marketing
Sr. Manager/Special Projects
(713)345-8383 Office
(713) 503-0700 Cell
Dear Ken:
Night before last I visited with President and Mrs. Bush and suggested that he
give you a call regarding TFA (Technology For All)! I told him that it might
prove valuable for his son's campaign!  When we spoke with Cynthia Sandherr in
Washington a week or so ago, she said that the "Digital Divide" was the 
hottest
topic on Capital Hill.  She had some wonderful ideas on how to spin this so 
that
businesses create the bridge for the divide and not government!  Although we
want to stay nonpartisan with TFA, this would be a wonderful press opportunity
and platform in Washington!
Just thought I should give you "heads-up" in case he asks and please tell 
Linda
I said hello!
Thank you for doing so much for the cause!
Terry Pierce
Enron Broadband Services
Corporate Marketing
Sr. Manager/Special Projects
(713)345-8383 Office
(713) 503-0700 Cell
Ken Lay has approved the attached expense report for Rosalee Fleming.
Hi Sherri -
Ken said that he will pledge $750.00 - $5 per mile.  Sally will pass on to 
Holly in the Foundation office to prepare a check to get to you.
Rosie
Sherri Sera
03/29/2000 11:13 AM
Well, the bike is inspected, a few training rides have been made, and the 
camping gear is being dusted off (yes, he is actually camping at the 
fairgrounds in LaGrange!).  Now all our fearless leader (and incidentally, 
the National Multiple Sclerosis Society's 2000 Man of the Year), Jeff 
Skilling, needs is your help in raising money for MS.
Enron's MS150 Dream Team is bigger than some townships in these parts - over 
350 Enron employees, led by Jeff, will ride from Houston to Austin under the 
Enron Flag April 15-16, and the team's goal is to raise $350,000.  I am 
challenging (is begging a better word?) each of you to pledge a certain 
amount per mile - i.e., $1, $2, $5, it's your call.  I'll even give you a 
break on the calculation and use 150 miles, even though Jeff swears it's 
closer to 170 miles (you know how he is with numbers).  Of course, a flat 
pledge is also appreciated.  And don't forget, Enron will match your pledge 
to this very worthy cause 1-1.
I hope you will join the team and help Enron maintain its status as the top 
money raiser of all MS150 rides in the NATION!  Thank you for your 
consideration.  If you have any questions, please don't hesitate to call me.
Sherri x3-5984
Ken will be there.
Katherine Brown
11/20/2000 09:09 AM
Executive Committee Weekly Meeting
Date:  Monday, November 27
Time:  11:00 a.m. (CDT)
Location: 50th Floor Boardroom
Video:  Connections will be established with remote locations upon request.
Conf call: AT&T lines have been reserved.  Please contact Sherri Sera 
(713/853-5984) 
or Katherine Brown (713/345-7774) for the weekly dial-in number and 
passcode.
Please indicate below whether or not you plan to attend this meeting and 
through what medium. 
Yes, I will attend in person _______
By video conference from _______
By conference call  _______
No, I will not attend  _______
Please return this e-mail to me with your response by 12:00 p.m., Wednesday, 
November 22.
Thank you, 
Katherine
Sherri, I'm sorry I have been sending your e-mails to the "old" name.  I 
didn't realize it had been changed, but this is so right and very good!
Rosie
Well, I know this is terribly short notice, but Ken does have a meeting with 
Tom DeLay on Monday morning at 9:30 a.m.  (I know that's half a day gone for 
Joe if he's in town), but he is coming in to discuss RMIC (Republican 
Majority Issues Committee).  Are there specific things that Ken needs to be 
briefed on?  I know that Steve did recommend that Ken have this meeting.
Thanks very much.
Rosie
Ken Lay has approved the attached expense report for Rosalee Fleming.
Ms. Grobmyer -
I have forwarded your message to Bill Donovan at Enron.  If there is any 
interest, I'm sure he will contact you.
Rosalee
Dear Mr. Lay:
?
I am writing to follow up on a letter and  information that I sent you last 
week.? We are an art advising firm here in  Houston,and I was hoping to speak 
with you regarding artwork for your new  building.? Will you be purchasing 
art for the building?
?
If so, my company can certainly help.? Please  let me know if you have any 
interest in our services.? Thank  you!
?
,
?
Melissa Kepke Grobmyer
MKG Art Management
Rebecca,  I just talked to Ken and asked him again.  He said that there had 
been a couple of developments while he was in London, so he wanted to wait 
until he gets back to the office and has a chance to talk to you.  He will be 
in the office on Thursday.
Thanks.
Rosie
Rebecca McDonald@_DEVELOPMENT
02/29/2000 01:43 PM
Thanks much, Rosie 
Just let me know.
Rebecca
Mr. Platt -
Ken Lay said that he will approve the $10,000 underwriter costs to be one of 
the five sponsors for the media briefing on March 14.  Mr. Lay has asked me 
to see if Joe Sutton, the Vice Chairman of Enron, might be able to attend.  I 
will pass the information on to him.
Please ask Mr. Radtke to send an invoice to Enron, unless there is some 
better way to handle getting the money to you.
Rosalee Fleming
Nicholas Platt  >    Dear Ken: