E-mail Disclaimer
This e-mail message is confidential and is intended only for the individual
or entity named above and contains information that is or may be
confidential, non-public or legally privileged. Any retention, dissemination
or distribution of this message other than to its intended recipient is
strictly prohibited. If you have received this message in error, please
notify us by phone, fax or e-mail to postmaster@ipic.co.ae immediately and
delete the original message and all its copies.
VirusScanNT has swept this e-mail for viruses. However, International
Petroleum Investment Company (IPIC) cannot accept liability for any damage
that you may sustain as a result of computer viruses.
FYI.  Jeff
"eFulfillment Optimization Summit"  	02/01/2001 02:07 PM
Would you like to have this message sent to every one of 
your Online Customers within 24 hours?
Register Today for The eFullfillment Optimization Summit 
and hear the newest online fulfillment strategies and find 
out how to exceed your customers' expectations! Register at 
or call
877-423-3111.
By attending this conference, you will gain insight and 
practical knowledge on:
* Real-time order processing and customer service methodologies
* Real-time inventory management systems and sources
* Finding and cultivating virtual inventory partners
* Managing strategic partnerships and alliances
* Tools for using reverse logistics strategies
* Outsourcing eFulfillment needs
* Pragmatic supply chain integration
* Innovative benchmarking implementation
* Software integration
This global Summit offers you an inside look at the 
successful approaches to eFullfillment from leading 
Internet companies, revealing case studies include:
Utilizing Risk Management in Collaborative Relationships 
at HP - Hewlett Packard
Federal Express Offers Innovative Solutions for eFulfillment
Logistics - Federal Express 
General Mills Strategies for Building Successful 
Collaborative Communities - General Mills 
How the LL Bean Catalogue Model Can Bring Internet 
Success - LL Bean 
eFulfillment Outsourcing: What Level is Right for You 
- Ikon Office Solutions 
Alternative Solutions for Collaborative Relations 
- Grainger/MRoverstocks.com 
Creating a Collaborative Network in the 
Hi-Tech/Electronics Industry - SalesLink
eFulfillment Optimization Summit
February 12-15, 2001
Sheraton Four Points Hotel
San Antonio, TX
877-423-3111
=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-SPECIAL OFFER!
Register for this event by February 7, 2001 and RECEIVE A 
FREE HALF-DAY WORKSHOP or BRING A COLLEAGUE FOR FREE! 
Be sure to mention Priority Code: EX5- when 
registering and specify which special offer you prefer. 
Hear from the following industry leaders and analysts:
* Mike Perkins, VP Distribution, LL Bean
* Rodney Heisterberg, Director, The Gartner Group
* Rama Ramaswami, Editorial Director, Operations    Fulfillment Magazine
* Kevin Schoen, Director of Strategic Alliances, General Mills
* Gianpaolo (GP) Callioni, Director, Hewlett Packard
* Mellanie Hills, Supply Chain Manager, Cisco Systems
* James P. Cochrane, Associate VP Marketing, 
Expedited/Package Services, United States Postal Service
* Doug Witt, VP and General Manager, FedEx Logistics
Managers who realize the importance of eFulfillment and want 
to learn the latest strategies to reduce inventory, increase 
inventory turns, increase on time deliveries while increasing 
revenues, keep delivery promises and meet customer expectations 
cannot afford to miss The eFulfillment Optimization Summit. 
REGISTER NOW at 
or call
877-423-3111 for more information.
=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-You are receiving this e-mail because you have expressed an 
interest in B2B eCommerce, information technology, or other 
related areas/events. If you do not wish to receive future 
e-mail messages from us, please reply to this e-mail with 
the word REMOVE in the subject line.
[[3533]]
We need to get joe hirl, and mark haedicke involved in this.  Thanks.  Jeff
Rick Bergsieker@_DEVELOPMENT
10/01/2000 06:32 AM
I have left Jeff and Mike a voicemail suggesting that we sign the CA and take 
the lead on this.  Will advise when I hear a reply from them
Clay Harris
09/30/2000 03:10 PM
Rick,
As you recall we had previously decided to have E Power be the counterparty 
to BHP for formal arrangements in pursuing the terminal opportunity is Japan. 
Should we reconsider this approach given the new organization. E Power 
interest is in cheap fuel and not the terminal or pipelines. Please advise 
and I will handle with Carey. We have a meeting in Japan with BHP on Oct 16th 
to execute the CA.
Clay 
please print
Mike 
Thanks for your voice mail of Friday regarding your trip to Tokyo.  As we 
have discussed we are in the process of identifying a strategy and forming a 
team to lead our Asian coal efforts 
We view continental Europe and Japan / Asia as the next areas of growth for 
our group.  One of our greatest challenges has been identifying and 
attracting to our group the best "Enron" people, and strong industry 
players.  We have made some progress with the recent addition in Houston of 3 
- excellent mid-marketers with industry backgrounds.  However we are still in 
the process of building a strong European organization, and staffing Sydney 
with a core group of Enron traders and industry mid-marketers 
Clearly Japan represents the single largest market for coal in Asia.  The 
other major markets are Taiwan, Korea, Hong Kong and to a degree India.  The 
largest coal exporters in the region are Australia, Indonesia, China and 
Russia.  Our staffing strategy for Asia is to initially build a core trading 
and marketing group centered around 2 - 3 experienced "Enron" guys in Sydney, 
add  mid-marketers with industry experience in Sydney and Tokyo, and hire  2 
- locals in China to look after our deliveries from PRC suppliers 
Our experience to date has shown that industry guys orphaned in a regional 
office face certain failure. As a result we are trying to avoid the mistake 
we have made in the past of hiring local industry players, and then failing 
to provide them with proper direction and support. 
We are on target to relocate at least 2 - "Enron" guys to Sydney by Jan Feb.  We will continue to search for strong industry guys in Sydney, and make 
any necessary changes to our existing structure there.  We have not yet 
started to identify qualified people with industry experience in Tokyo - but 
will obviously do so.  I will get with Stu and Joe to discuss using a local 
head-hunter, and advertising in trade journals etc.
We share your views on our potential for growth in Asia and Japan, and are 
working to put a team in place that will be focused on developing a strongly 
competitive, sustainable  business in the region.  Our initial goal is to 
develop Asia to the point where Sydney is running it's own books for both 
coal and freight, and we are a major supplier in the region.
Stu and I will be in Hong Kong and Beijing Oct.  7 - 11 to meet with the 
Chairman of Shenua Coal, and senior management of Shanxi Coal, China Light Power, and Hong Kong Electric.  The primary purpose of the trip is to 
encourage Shenua to perform in accordance with their obligations under our 
supply agreement; introduce ourselves to Shanxi; assure CLP that we will 
perform under our term sales agreement; and start negotiations with HKE for a 
term sales contract.
I will coordinate my schedule with Joe, and will spend a few days in Tokyo 
(Oct. 12 - 13) at the end of the PRC trip.  We can coordinate our efforts, 
put a time line in place for staffing the Tokyo office with qualified coal 
guys, and discuss our overall strategy for entering the Japanese market.
I will be in the office Mon. - Weds., and am available to meet with you and 
Jeff to discuss the above at your convenience. 
Thanks,
George
I'll let my parents (Dr. and Mrs. Larry  (Carole) Goldberg) know.  Thanks 
very much.
Jeff
GR2915@aol.com on 10/02/2000 08:51:52 AM
I noticed in your letter to Rabbi Diamond that you intend to be in Louisville
for Yom Kippur.  I will have a ticket for you (needed for admiission) at the
ticket desk.
Gerryy Ronkin
probably not, but thanks.  Jeff
Jeff,
Any chance you'll have time to review me?
Frank
Our analysts were covered during the summer, weren't they?  Why not use 
whomever was used then.  I thought you were going to change the A/A review 
process from mid year, since that was a disaster by most accounts.
Still have not heard from you regarding PRC Rep candidates.  Please advise.
Do you know to whom you submitted your PRC Reps?  I don't believe that any 
one in the Associate and Analyst Program has received that information.  We 
will be using the same format as mid-year and we are looking for 1 Director 
for the Analyst PRC and 1 VP for the Associate PRC from your EGM groups Each would represent approximately 15 individuals.  Do you think you could 
forward me a copy of your submitted list so we can move forward?  I would 
greatly appreciate it. 
Just to let you know, I did forward an email to Shanna Funkhouser and Brent 
Price (on Oct. 3rd and 4th) to make sure that all Analysts and Associates in 
an EGM group go through a pre-rate meeting prior to the final A/A PRC which 
has been scheduled for December 12th and 13th.  We must have the pre-ratings 
loaded into the PEP system prior to these dates and hope they can be final by 
November 30th.  These results are imperative to a successful 
cross-calibration in the final PRC meeting.  We already have dates set for 
the EES and ESA meetings.  I will be glad to attend the Associate and Analyst 
piece of EGM's PRC meetings to assist in facilitation.  Please advise when 
the EGM pre-rating meeting is scheduled.  Thank you for your cooperation.
We had submitted a list of PRC reps already.  Who is currentlyreviewing, and 
are you using the same format as midyear, and how many people do you need? 
Jeff,
I am following up on the voicemail I left you on Thursday October 5th, 
requesting a recommendation for a Director and Vice President to represent 
Analyst and Associates in the final 2000 PRC.  Due to promotions and 
additions to the Associate and Analyst Programs, we have an additional slot 
for both the Associate PRC and Analyst PRC that we would like to fill with an 
EGM participant.  This will keep the distribution throughout the business 
units equitable 
We would like to finalize this by Friday, October 13th in order to load the 
PEP system and communicate to the A/A pool members.  Please forward your 
choice for Global Markets representation to me by this date or contact me to 
discuss.  Thanks so much for your continued support.
We had submitted a list of PRC reps already.  Who is currentlyreviewing, and 
are you using the same format as midyear, and how many people do you need? 
Jeff,
I am following up on the voicemail I left you on Thursday October 5th, 
requesting a recommendation for a Director and Vice President to represent 
Analyst and Associates in the final 2000 PRC.  Due to promotions and 
additions to the Associate and Analyst Programs, we have an additional slot 
for both the Associate PRC and Analyst PRC that we would like to fill with an 
EGM participant.  This will keep the distribution throughout the business 
units equitable 
We would like to finalize this by Friday, October 13th in order to load the 
PEP system and communicate to the A/A pool members.  Please forward your 
choice for Global Markets representation to me by this date or contact me to 
discuss.  Thanks so much for your continued support.
great, I'm glad the intro helped.  He is very pro business and is excellent Let me know if you need anything else.  Jeff
David Hoog
02/02/2001 02:40 PM
thank you.  thank you.  thank you.
(i had an excellent discussion with haedicke and we came up with a solution 
to the isda problem in 1 day.)
Hi, thanks for the update.  Per was in Houston last week,  and I've asked him 
to get with you soon.  Please call him (he should be expecting your call) at 
our office in NY at.   212-702-3910.  Would you also like to come to houston 
for a visit and interview?   Jeff
Nathaniel Jeppson  	02/02/2001 06:20 PM
Jeff,
Quick update.  I called Jeff to see if is going to be in NY next week, his
sec. said that he's out of the office today and apparently not scheduled to
be in NY next week.  I am hoping that we will talk soon.  No call for Per
(sp?) in the NY office.  Hope you are well,
Nat
I saw him this morn, and asked if he called you.  call him tomorrow or
thurs, and i'll follow up 
Nathaniel Jeppson  
Jeff,
Congratulations on yesterday's earnings release - the market reacted well.
Feedback I got from a large bank on the street is that they always
recommend
buying ENE in the weeks leading up to earings releases.  I don't want to be
a pain, but you had said to let you know if I had not heard from Jeff by
today.  I'm happy to be the one to make the call - just let me know.
Halley and Michael's opening was quite successfull and the show is great.
have fun in London.
Nat
Please expect a phone call from him.  He's in ny and a great guy.  Could you 
please do an informational interview in the office and see if there is 
anything EGM could have him do.  He is also going to speak with Jeff 
Donahue.  Thanks.  Jeff
Nathaniel Jeppson  	02/02/2001 06:20 PM
Jeff,
Quick update.  I called Jeff to see if is going to be in NY next week, his
sec. said that he's out of the office today and apparently not scheduled to
be in NY next week.  I am hoping that we will talk soon.  No call for Per
(sp?) in the NY office.  Hope you are well,
Nat
I saw him this morn, and asked if he called you.  call him tomorrow or
thurs, and i'll follow up 
Nathaniel Jeppson  
Jeff,
Congratulations on yesterday's earnings release - the market reacted well.
Feedback I got from a large bank on the street is that they always
recommend
buying ENE in the weeks leading up to earings releases.  I don't want to be
a pain, but you had said to let you know if I had not heard from Jeff by
today.  I'm happy to be the one to make the call - just let me know.
Halley and Michael's opening was quite successfull and the show is great.
have fun in London.
Nat
Sorry for the delay in getting back to you about my friend saar at goldman 
sachs.  he recently moved departments, and I will get you relevant data 
shortly 
.
Jeff
Thanks.  I'll be away for a couple of days and will get with you next week.
RusAmArts@aol.com
01/31/2001 05:06 PM
BASED ON MY EXPERIENCE IN THE FERTILIZER INDUSTRY (SOURCING AND SELLING TO 
LARGE/INDUSTRIAL CLIENTS) I AM INTERESTED IN APPLYING FOR A JOB I SAW ON 
ENRON'S WEBSITE.  THERE IS AN OPENING IN THE "WHOLESALE, RETAIL & COMM ENERGY 
SERVICES" FOR A POWER REP IN NY. BUT, I AM AFRAID IF I SEND MY RESUME TO THE 
HUMAN RESOURCE DEPT, THEY WILL BE CONFUSED BY MY ENTERTAINMENT / FERTILIZER 
EXPERIENCE.  I WOULD LIKE TO ASK YOU IF THERE IS ANYONE YOU KNOW, AT ENRON 
NY, THAT I CAN MEET WITH PERSONALLY.  IN A MEETING I CAN EXPLAIN MY 
EXPERIENCE AND QUALIFICATIONS BETTER THAN I CAN IN MY RESUME.  I WAS VERY 
GOOD AT SOURCING CLIENTS AND ESTABLISHING LONG TERM RELATIONSHIPS FOR 
FERTILIZERS AND BELIEVE THAT I CAN TRANSFER THAT SKILL TO ENERGY.
,
RINA
Thanks.  I'll be away for a few days, and get back with you next week.  Jeff
RusAmArts@aol.com
01/31/2001 05:06 PM
BASED ON MY EXPERIENCE IN THE FERTILIZER INDUSTRY (SOURCING AND SELLING TO 
LARGE/INDUSTRIAL CLIENTS) I AM INTERESTED IN APPLYING FOR A JOB I SAW ON 
ENRON'S WEBSITE.  THERE IS AN OPENING IN THE "WHOLESALE, RETAIL & COMM ENERGY 
SERVICES" FOR A POWER REP IN NY. BUT, I AM AFRAID IF I SEND MY RESUME TO THE 
HUMAN RESOURCE DEPT, THEY WILL BE CONFUSED BY MY ENTERTAINMENT / FERTILIZER 
EXPERIENCE.  I WOULD LIKE TO ASK YOU IF THERE IS ANYONE YOU KNOW, AT ENRON 
NY, THAT I CAN MEET WITH PERSONALLY.  IN A MEETING I CAN EXPLAIN MY 
EXPERIENCE AND QUALIFICATIONS BETTER THAN I CAN IN MY RESUME.  I WAS VERY 
GOOD AT SOURCING CLIENTS AND ESTABLISHING LONG TERM RELATIONSHIPS FOR 
FERTILIZERS AND BELIEVE THAT I CAN TRANSFER THAT SKILL TO ENERGY.
,
RINA
yes, i got the fax.  what are you interested in doing?
RusAmArts@aol.com
01/31/2001 03:15 PM
JUST WANTED TO CHECK WHETHER YOUR RECEIVED MY FAX YESTERDAY.  PLEASE LET ME 
KNOW.
,
RINA
J.B.  please print.  J.F.  are you on the distribution, and is this linked to 
the fundy page?
Andy James@
02/23/2001 10:27 AM
Enron Shipping Services Weekly report 08/2001
Highlight
Despite sharp movement in spot rates for both sectors week in general has 
been relatively quiet. Capes saw majority of strength in Pacific with Intra 
Pacific rates rising around $1800 since last week. Late surge in Japanese 
buying ahead of the close of their financial year is main reason attributed 
to this rise. Atlantic Capesize been pretty flat to marginally better, no 
exciting news. Outlook for coming week is that Far East strength will be 
maintained although pace definitely slowing. No change sentiment in Pacific.
Panamax has seen opposite effect, grain stems finally rolling from S America 
which has been the major driver of the Atlantic market, for March loaders. 
market was under impression that Pacific likely to come under downward 
pressure but once the demand has been strong enough epecially for modern 
tonnage and outlook for coming week is that reates are likely to maintain 
firmness. Atlantic expected continue run for next week.
Short term we have established small long for nearby Capes, but maintain 
overall perspective to sell forward curve on appreciable rallies. Panamax 
very similar approach.
Panamax we fixed timecharter tonnage to cover 14 / 26 Mch Dreyfus Ist 
nomination USG / Far East grain cargo. Have also taken option to extend 
period of vessel for short Trans-Pacific voyage if market maintains strength 
longer than we think.
Capes nothing
Market
Short term	Medium term	Long Term
Handy Max	Flat	Up	Down
Panamax	Up	Flat	Down
Cape Size	Up	Flat	Down
Cape  
Average time charter rate: $ 18,315 ( +$1005 )
Spot RBCT/Rotterdam: $ 8.678 ( +$0.156)
Spot Tubaro/China: $10.285 (+$0.16)
Spot Bolivar/Rotterdam: $ 6.625 ( +$0.122)
Panamax
Average time charter rate: $ 11,654 ( + 544 )
Spot US Gulf/Japan: $21.994 ( + $0.513 )
Deals Done
Physical Freight
ECS freight 
Third party freight deals
As above Panamax 
OTC FFA s
Quieter week few swaps on both the Cape and Panamax routes.
EOL
Traded 150,000 tons BCI 4 with Bocimar 
Travels
Pierre in Houston all week.
Andy
All of your concerns are valid, and I too would like to work through them 
with you.  As info, Mike will be over in two weeks.  Organizationally, 
strategically, talent, and back office--we will get there.  Who particularly 
are you worried about.  As far as your situation, let's talk numbers.  I'd 
like you to believe that trading, and management, particularly your 
leadership, will pay off for you.
Later....Jeff
Chris Mahoney
01/31/2001 03:02 PM
jeff,
when I came to Houston in late December there were, if you recall,  a number 
of issues that
I had hoped to discuss with you.  We only really scratched the surface with 
the reorganisation
announced today.  I would prioritise them as follows:
1) recruiting, training, and keeping talent there is a lack of depth in the organisation.  to make matters worse most of 
the recruiting was
done by greg whalley and now all of those traders are on expiring or expired 
contracts.  the
fact that all of them on the international side received bonuses less than 
last year doesn't 
help.   also the industry is expansion mode so it is harder to recruit and 
keep talent.  we are
running the risk of getting left with the unhireable and losing the best.
2) vision having worked for enron for three years i realise that the company seeks 
self-starters.  one of
the frustrations that I have in Europe, and is a problem with the group 
overall, is that too many of
the employees are on their heels waiting for direction from above.  that is 
one of the things I was
hoping we might address in a reorganisation that shrunk the business units smaller teams would
be more focused on opportunities to grow the business, communicate better, 
and energise the
environment.   still we need as senior management to discuss in a more 
specific sense where we
need to improve the most.  you have identified customer business, eol, and 
research as the three
key areas.  I would like to discuss with you the priority of being able to 
sell physical fuels.  the easiest
thing to do is get long expensive oil and the hardest thing to do is develop 
a system.  this group has
made almost no progress in developing a physical system.  that is what I will 
be working on in the 
heating, diesel, and jet fuel markets.  I would have thought the greatest and 
first opportunity that we
need to be exploiting is fuel supply to utilities.  btu related shorts, that 
leverage upon our existing gas 
contacts, would seem to be our greatest inherent advantage vs our 
competition.  also it could focus
our fuel oil and middle distillate group on the opportunities between gas and 
liquids.  The relationships
have never been closer and this seems to be a situation that could remain for 
a long time.   the u.s. 
presents more opportunites but we are making good progress in developing 
financial hedging
business in europe with continental gas and I'm pushing the origination 
groups in Europe to look
into the physical supply opportunities.
3) systems.
I'm going to spend sometime with Brent Price tomorrow but my conclusion on 
doing the post-mortem
on Spain is that we need to resource the back office significantly before we 
can significantly grow
the business.  They are struggling to keep up at the moment and the process 
seems very bureaucratic
and inefficient.  This worries me because if you look at the problems that we 
have gotten into in the past
we don't seem to have made great progress in eliminating the probability of 
there reoccurance.
now in terms of the situation with myself.  please put yourself in my shoes 
for a minute.  I have had no
life for the last year sorting out the crap of others (q1 - helsinki/q4 spain).  in the middle part of the year
I had to spend much time addressing the people issues and other problems 
created by the vacumn of 
no managment in London for over a year.  Was able to coordinate a good profit 
on the gasoil books that
was pissed away.  In addition, I have had to take back over the book because 
ross was not capable
of managing the short gamma position that was chopping him up.  the point 
being that managing didn't
pay.   I have to run but these I want to discuss 
huh
Shawna Johnson@
01/31/2001 02:55 PM
I received your expense report today and have coded it.  It has been 
processed and sent to Brad Stewart.
Thanks,
Shawna
don't forget to call mcmahon and give him a little grief.  Ray told me this 
was all Jeff M.'s doing.
Hear Ye, Hear Ye,
Congratulations, Carole Goldberg of Camp Safety of Louisville in Louisville your remaining balance of $10,000 has been waived by the credit committee Best of Luck,
Ed McMahon
Jeff Shankman
Great news for Kara and Scott.  Give them my best....Jeff
Lisa Yoho@
01/31/2001 11:02 AM
Jeff 
I was talking to a mutual friend -- Kara Price Edwards -- last night, and she 
asked if I knew you.   She asked that I give you her best.   FYI, she's two 
weeks away from giving birth to her second child 
Hope you're doing well 
Lisa
Please adjust accordingly.  Thanks.  Jeff
Shanna Funkhouser@
01/31/2001 09:46 AM
Kari,
I swear I think this is the last one!
Please adjust Heather Purcell to 80K at Shankman's request -- equity.
Thanks,
Shanna
please print
Tomsmile44@aol.com
01/30/2001 02:21 PM
Jeff: 
Attached are a cover letter and a resume. 
Thank you for your assistance and consideration. 
Thomas Costantino 
99 North Post Oak Lane, #5302 
Houston, TX 77024 
Phone: 713-680-8687
- Cover letter to J Shankman.ZIP
sure, wed is better 
David Hoog
01/30/2001 04:14 PM
i'll be in houston wed & thurs.  when could we get together to talk about a 
couple of things?  one is the legal question, which we need to resolve.  the 
other could be lunch or after work.
thanks.
Come on.  You should come to the tuesday traders' meeting.  they've been 
really good. In 3321 4-5 each tuesday.
I'll bring over a copy of the current book we are reading as enticement It's not a corvette, but it's a good book.
sorry for the confusion.  my asst. printed it out and didn't print the orig 
email.  can you resend it.  thanks 
RusAmArts@aol.com
01/30/2001 09:46 AM
Dear Mr. Shankman,
I guess I stumped you with my resume.  Nevertheless, I still would like to 
hear your comments - positive or negative.  As mentioned, I am extremely 
interested in working  for Enron and would like to pursue that jop 
opportunity Look forward to hearing from you.
,
Rina
Unfortunately, I will not be able to attend.  Thanks.  Jeff Shankman
membership  	02/23/2001 10:10 AM
Please respond to mgalicki
Dear Menil Contemporaries,
Please do remember to RSVP for the lecture "Origins of Transatlantic
Pop" presented by David E. Brauer and Jim Edwards this coming Wednesday
Feb. 28 at 7pm.
Please e-mail us back or RSVP to Elsian Cozens at 713-525-9451.
We   all there!
Many thanks!
Marta Galicki
this was the guy that hired fred d'ambrosia back to enron after he was 
terminated for cause.  a.g. is an ok guy but i'm not in love.  i would 
however put him through the interview process.  i'll follow up 
Mike McConnell
01/30/2001 06:54 AM
Jeff, 
Interesting.  Do you like this guy?  What about Crude and products 
origination working for Randy?  On the LNG front we should look at him if you 
like him but i don't think it is a no brainer.  Neal will be coming on in 2 
weeks, do we need him?  Maybe we do.
m
Just to put me over the edge, I got a phone call last week from one of the 
gas trading h.r. people with respect to robin menear.  she was listed as 
commercial support (still) and when I hired her last year, it was as a 
commercial manager.  Your boy Brad McSherry didn't fix her class, even though 
this was a problem at mid year as well.   Of course he told me it had been 
taken care of, but Hunter Shively showed up in my office last week to go over 
her history, and what my intent was when i hired her.  he too was involved in 
the hiring decision.
Shall i do brad's termination, or will you.
WHAT is this 	eSource@
Sent by: Enron Announcements@
01/30/2001 12:57 AM
eSource, Enron's premier research group, wishes you a happy and prosperous 
New Year!
eSource is ready to help you capture the information you need to maximize 
your competitive advantage.  Our team of specialized researchers utilizes a 
variety of sources including dozens of proprietary databases.  Just visit our 
web site    where you can find great links to many 
topics and industries, order books and documents, sign up for database 
training, and submit requests to our responsive staff of researchers.
Discover a wealth of information at your desktop and let us help you start 
the New Year right 
two things.  first, my friend at Nickelodeon wants to know more about your 
kids books  (he also sees a need for a spanish language group of kids 
books).   second, I
Alma Martinez/ENRON@Xgate
01/29/2001 04:11 PM
what's your great idea?
Hey, I have an idea 
Hi
Weekend was fun.  I went out dancing with the girls.  I went to a super bowl 
party.  But I only went for the food.  I'm not crazy about football.
How was the weekend?  Mine was good--I met Dennis Hopper, the actor.  He is 
one cool dude.  I'm thinking about taking a long weekend vacation.  Where 
sounds fun?
Hey, I have an idea 
Alma Martinez/ENRON@Xgate
01/29/2001 02:21 PM
Hi
Weekend was fun.  I went out dancing with the girls.  I went to a super bowl 
party.  But I only went for the food.  I'm not crazy about football.
How was the weekend?  Mine was good--I met Dennis Hopper, the actor.  He is 
one cool dude.  I'm thinking about taking a long weekend vacation.  Where 
sounds fun?
I'll set him up on an interview schedule.  Thanks.  Jeff
Vince J Kaminski
01/29/2001 04:01 PM
Jeff, 
It seems that NYMEX will not make a decision any time soon
or they rejected Tom. I think the latter is the case.
Tom is looking for a trading or origination job with Enron.
I think that we can use his expertise here.
Vince
I thought he was in the running for the President position, after Pat died He phoned me today--did he indicate to you in what he is interested?
Jeff
Vince J Kaminski
01/29/2001 02:12 PM
Jeff, Greg and John,
Our old friend Tom Costantino is interested in coming back
to Enron. It seems that his move to NYMEX either will not happen
or will not happen for some time.
You can contact him at home:
Phone: (713) 860 8687 (h)
Vince
excellent.  I'm working with the crude boys here to do the same thing with 
crude for you boys Jeff
brian.manolis@americas.bnpparibas.com
01/29/2001 03:19 PM
You rang.  I called back.
What can I help you with my friend?
Clear all you NYMEX business you say?  Of course we can!
Lets start immediately.
Barry et al start on Friday...the public knows nothing until then.
Ce message et toutes les pieces jointes (ci-apres le "message") sont etablis 
a l'intention exclusive de ses destinataires et sont confidentiels. Si vous 
recevez ce message par erreur, merci de le detruire et d'en avertir 
immediatement l'expediteur.
Toute utilisation de ce message non conforme a sa destination, toute 
diffusion ou toute publication, totale ou partielle, est interdite, sauf 
autorisation expresse.
L'internet ne permettant pas d'assurer l'integrite de ce message, BNP PARIBAS 
(et ses filiales) decline(nt) toute responsabilite au titre de ce message, 
dans l'hypothese ou il aurait ete modifie.
Any use not in accord with its purpose, any dissemination or disclosure, 
either whole or partial, is prohibited except formal approval.
The internet can not guarantee the integrity of this message. BNP PARIBAS 
(and its subsidiaries) shall (will) not therefore be liable for the message 
if modified.
If I had another superbowl party that showed movies instead, and good food 
was served, would you come?
Alma Martinez/ENRON@Xgate
01/29/2001 02:21 PM
Hi
Weekend was fun.  I went out dancing with the girls.  I went to a super bowl 
party.  But I only went for the food.  I'm not crazy about football.
How was the weekend?  Mine was good--I met Dennis Hopper, the actor.  He is 
one cool dude.  I'm thinking about taking a long weekend vacation.  Where 
sounds fun?
I thought he was in the running for the President position, after Pat died He phoned me today--did he indicate to you in what he is interested?
Jeff
Vince J Kaminski
01/29/2001 02:12 PM
Jeff, Greg and John,
Our old friend Tom Costantino is interested in coming back
to Enron. It seems that his move to NYMEX either will not happen
or will not happen for some time.
You can contact him at home:
Phone: (713) 860 8687 (h)
Vince
Hi Chris,
Give me a ring tomorrow (tuesday) morn when you get a second.  I'd like to go 
over a couple of things and need your input 
Thanks.  Jeff
thanks for the cd's.  forget the briefcase--i was hoping you would just by if 
for me.
Daniel Diamond
02/23/2001 03:45 AM
CD's . . .done . . . briefcase . . .if I can have it shipped to you.  Just 
send me the color and model and I'll even find one gorgeous French Jewish 
babe and stuff her ass in the briefcase and bring her back for you!
Thanks for  the hotel tip.  It sounds awesome.
-Dan
How was the weekend?  Mine was good--I met Dennis Hopper, the actor.  He is 
one cool dude.  I'm thinking about taking a long weekend vacation.  Where 
sounds fun?
FYI.  What do you think 	A G Gelotti@_DEVELOPMENT
01/29/2001 06:31 AM
Jeff:
I believe you are aware the MetGas project has been suspended indefinitely, 
primarily due to the negative impact and uncertainty caused by the problems 
Dabhol Power is currently experiencing.  Enron  has suspended work to close 
project financing and we have significantly reduced the MetGas staff.  The 
Team will focus on completing the acquisition of all major permits and 
clearances over the next few weeks.  The go forward plan is to either package 
MetGas "as is" and sell it off or use it as leverage in the negotiation of 
the DPC workout with the Indian government 
I will be relocating from India back to Houston  in the near future.  In 
anticipation of this relocation I am exploring possible job opportunities 
within the Enron family of companies 
I believe I can add value to your team's efforts in developing the LNG 
projects in both Venezuela and the Bahamas.  I have experience related to 
both projects and I can hit the ground running.   In addition, I bring prior 
ECT experience and success as a deal maker / originator, extensive experience 
in LNG including the development of production facilities, regasification and 
related harbour facilities and experience negotiating LNG Sale & Purchase 
Agreements as both a buyer or seller. Coupled to this experience is my 
knowledge of what it takes to structure assets and the pertinent commercial 
documents such that the asset can be project financed.  I am confident I can 
be of help and add value to your Western hemisphere LNG Team.
I would appreciate you taking the time to review my resume and keeping me in 
mind when looking to fill any current or future positions. 
Thanks 
Let's get together on this in the next couple of days.  Thanks.  Jeff
Stinson Gibner
01/29/2001 12:10 PM
Jeff,
We are reviewing the P+ spread option book.    One item of note is that the 
correlations used to book the spread options have dropped significantly from 
what was being used a year ago (see charts below).   I also remember that 
John Mee was using even higher correlations when he ran this book.  In fact 
he wanted to book options with a correlation of 1.0, but our model would not 
allow it, so he was using 0.999.
We are currently calculating historical correlations for you as well.   If 
you want, Vince and I can review this with you at the end of the day.   Just 
let me know what time would be convenient.
--Stinson
x34748
fyi
Stinson Gibner
01/29/2001 12:10 PM
Jeff,
We are reviewing the P+ spread option book.    One item of note is that the 
correlations used to book the spread options have dropped significantly from 
what was being used a year ago (see charts below).   I also remember that 
John Mee was using even higher correlations when he ran this book.  In fact 
he wanted to book options with a correlation of 1.0, but our model would not 
allow it, so he was using 0.999.
We are currently calculating historical correlations for you as well.   If 
you want, Vince and I can review this with you at the end of the day.   Just 
let me know what time would be convenient.
--Stinson
x34748
Both Stuart Staley,and Dan Reck are being moved to $175k base each.  In 
looking across our vp. list, Mike and I felt like these are two of our top 
vp's, and we wanted to make an equity adjustment.  They are low at the vp 
level within ews 
Thanks.  Jeff
I need a report that shows new products and when they were added, in addition 
to this summary.  thanks.
Adam Johnson@
01/29/2001 11:29 AM
Do not update links when opening this file.
Let me know if you have any questions.
Thanks,
Adam Johnson
x54877
EnronOnline
when we diverted the eco cargo, I saw we booked about $250k, and that eco 
made well over a million.  how come we are not getting any (much) of that 
value?
Pierre Aury
01/29/2001 10:49 AM
stu mentioned some questions you asked during the egm weekly meeting . sorry 
i am in tokyo. could you let me know the questions and i ll call you in 4 /5 
hours when i wake up 
pierre
brignt and early--before 7.  NY was awsome.  and your weekend?
Alexandra Saler@EES
01/29/2001 07:53 AM
you were here bright and early this morning.  how was NYC?
print, and get on distribution
Maureen Raymond@
Sent by: Leann Walton@
01/29/2001 10:23 AM
Please find attached the Global Markets Monitor for the week ending 26 
January 2001.
Maureen Raymond-Castaneda and
Gwyn Koepke
same thing.  are you on the distribution list?
Jez Peters
01/29/2001 09:03 AM
SUMMARY
Atlantic
Over the last week we have really seen the consequences of the wet and warm 
winter in Europe with a total of some 1.7 million
tonnes being offered to us on the resell for delivery over the next couple of 
months. As a consequence spot/Q2 prices are now
trading at $2 discount to replacement from South Africa ($40.75 FOB ARA 
versus $42.75 replacement) - a concept which many are
struggling to get their head round. The Lion's share of the resell mkt is 
South African which makes sense as the strong U.S. mkt has 
taken what little slack there has been in the South American pipeline. In 
truth, while the U.S. mkt has been steaming, only very limited 
incremental tonnage from SAM has made it into the U.S. as the Utilities only 
pay up for spot spot material. If the steep backwardisation
in the U.S. rolls forward there may remain opportunities to bury spot SAM 
cargoes at high levels but one thing is for sure is that the
strong U.S domestic market will keep U.S. exports into Europe very low. 
Pacific
Very few Australian cargoes have found their way to the fair shores of Europe 
over the last few months and this has been a function of 
the strong Pacific market at the back end of 2000 and indeed in part due to 
the consolidation which has been going on, the latest 
development to be Rio Tinto's acquirement of Peabody's asset's in Oz. We are 
currently entering the period of negotiations between Oz 
producers and the JSM's for pricing of their long-term contracts. It is not a 
secret that the producer's plan to go for broke and are looking to 
lock in prices above $30 FOB Newcastle - currently wud call the mkt $28.50. 
JSM's are apparently holding tight citing world economic 
slowdown.  At $28 the oz producer is making some $13 a tonne, the chinese are 
due to export a further 6 million mt this year and steel 
production is forecast to be down some 10% year on year - while we may see 
some activity at higher prices in the short-term I think it 
will be difficult for the producers to realise the numbers which they are 
talking longer term. China is also talking prices of $30 which is
$3/4 higher than last year but have some $3 frt advantage versus Newcastle.
Gameplan
We are currently a total of 2.4 million mt short ARA (1 million API2 / 1.4 
million SECA) with the bulk being in back end of this year. We will
continue to sell the front end aggressively in the belief that the mkt has 
some further downside from where we are today - the mkt has merely 
sold off on rumour thus far but when these cargoes actually start arriving 
unsold into Europe there shud be some additional pressure on prices
if the stock situation does not improve in ARA - currently a 13 day lineup in 
Rotterdam. There are reports of Siberian type weather heading our
way which cud increase burn temporarily but I donot think this will have a 
significant impact. We are busy looking for any opportunity to sell
out of our South African long as Glencore tries to prop the mkt up and will 
then look to buy back our physical shorts into Europe from the
Armada of coal which is due to arrive. Psychology shud create downward 
pressure along the whole forward curve and we will be looking to 
buy in some our deferred short sub $30 RBCT equivalent. Meanwhile we are 
working to sell 3-5 year agreements with several utilities while
the mkt loiters in the higher regions of the historical range. We are also 
talking with several producers about securing longer term contracts 
which will give us a good supply base to work from going forward. In the 
Pacific we will look for an opportunity to cover our CLP short on the 
nearby but will look to the fundamentals to do their work bfor covering 
anything further forward.
Rgds
Jez
Clay, get with Nowlan to see who else should be put on this system.  You are 
missing products traders, and others who should be on this system.  Thanks Jeff
Clayton Seigle
02/22/2001 04:24 PM
Jeff has asked me to get instant messenger so that i can flash fast breaking 
news to all crude traders at once without using email.  I think the best app 
for this is Yahoo Instant Messenger.  Once you have it, please email me your 
screen name or just write to me (mine is clay_seigle) and we'll be ready.
Also, if there are other traders who should be included, let me know.
Thanks
CJS 
great summary.  could you delete any mention of our positions in the future Thanks.  Jeff
Jez Peters
01/29/2001 09:03 AM
SUMMARY
Atlantic
Over the last week we have really seen the consequences of the wet and warm 
winter in Europe with a total of some 1.7 million
tonnes being offered to us on the resell for delivery over the next couple of 
months. As a consequence spot/Q2 prices are now
trading at $2 discount to replacement from South Africa ($40.75 FOB ARA 
versus $42.75 replacement) - a concept which many are
struggling to get their head round. The Lion's share of the resell mkt is 
South African which makes sense as the strong U.S. mkt has 
taken what little slack there has been in the South American pipeline. In 
truth, while the U.S. mkt has been steaming, only very limited 
incremental tonnage from SAM has made it into the U.S. as the Utilities only 
pay up for spot spot material. If the steep backwardisation
in the U.S. rolls forward there may remain opportunities to bury spot SAM 
cargoes at high levels but one thing is for sure is that the
strong U.S domestic market will keep U.S. exports into Europe very low. 
Pacific
Very few Australian cargoes have found their way to the fair shores of Europe 
over the last few months and this has been a function of 
the strong Pacific market at the back end of 2000 and indeed in part due to 
the consolidation which has been going on, the latest 
development to be Rio Tinto's acquirement of Peabody's asset's in Oz. We are 
currently entering the period of negotiations between Oz 
producers and the JSM's for pricing of their long-term contracts. It is not a 
secret that the producer's plan to go for broke and are looking to 
lock in prices above $30 FOB Newcastle - currently wud call the mkt $28.50. 
JSM's are apparently holding tight citing world economic 
slowdown.  At $28 the oz producer is making some $13 a tonne, the chinese are 
due to export a further 6 million mt this year and steel 
production is forecast to be down some 10% year on year - while we may see 
some activity at higher prices in the short-term I think it 
will be difficult for the producers to realise the numbers which they are 
talking longer term. China is also talking prices of $30 which is
$3/4 higher than last year but have some $3 frt advantage versus Newcastle.
Gameplan
We are currently a total of 2.4 million mt short ARA (1 million API2 / 1.4 
million SECA) with the bulk being in back end of this year. We will
continue to sell the front end aggressively in the belief that the mkt has 
some further downside from where we are today - the mkt has merely 
sold off on rumour thus far but when these cargoes actually start arriving 
unsold into Europe there shud be some additional pressure on prices
if the stock situation does not improve in ARA - currently a 13 day lineup in 
Rotterdam. There are reports of Siberian type weather heading our
way which cud increase burn temporarily but I donot think this will have a 
significant impact. We are busy looking for any opportunity to sell
out of our South African long as Glencore tries to prop the mkt up and will 
then look to buy back our physical shorts into Europe from the
Armada of coal which is due to arrive. Psychology shud create downward 
pressure along the whole forward curve and we will be looking to 
buy in some our deferred short sub $30 RBCT equivalent. Meanwhile we are 
working to sell 3-5 year agreements with several utilities while
the mkt loiters in the higher regions of the historical range. We are also 
talking with several producers about securing longer term contracts 
which will give us a good supply base to work from going forward. In the 
Pacific we will look for an opportunity to cover our CLP short on the 
nearby but will look to the fundamentals to do their work bfor covering 
anything further forward.
Rgds
Jez
Thanks for the update.  On the potential issues side, what do you mean by 
weekly mark to market?  Don't you mean daily?
Doug Leach
01/29/2001 07:11 AM
Having a meeting today with Enron representatives from legal, tax, 
underwriting, accounting, trading controls, finance, trading and origination 
to discuss the merits and risk of the Orion inventory financing. If I have 
overlooked any positives or negatives below, please advise.Will keep you 
posted.
In preparation for our meeting today please find below a list of the positive 
aspects and potential issues related to the Orion inventory financing.
Positive Aspects
Confidentiality Agreement signed
Spread on Enron's money
Hedging opportunities
Retain title to inventory for securitization
Strength of current equity owners
Experienced management
Access to market information
Storage and blending opportunities
Contango play
Spot and term product purchase
Crude and feedstock sale
Export cargo arbitrage
Orion keeps crack spread risk
Wide light/heavy crude spread
Good coker and hydrotreating capabilities
Reformer project
Crude supply contract with Mexico/Venezuela
Good inbound/outbound logistics
Recent success
Potential issues
Insure that there are no liens against Orion impacting Enron's title to crude 
and refined products
Address environmental issues at refinery site
Commitment from equity owners
Weekly true up on yields
Weekly MTM on inventory write ups/downs
Accounting/payables/receivables/lock box issues
Evaluate hedging risk
Address shortage of hydrogen
Review reformer project plans
Review Orion's operations including planned and unplanned maintenance
Review insurance and chartering policies
Current financials
Insure that Jack Stanley has no interest in Orion
Which Enron entity should be contracting party
Review all tax issues
Personnel requirements
Exit strategy
can you get on this distribution and file weekly.  Thanks. 
Chris Connelly
01/28/2001 10:21 AM
Enron Shipping Services Weekly report 04/2001
Highlight
Cape market continues to fall but probably too fast and too early by most 
players  Asia will be back from holiday Monday and market is expecting rates 
to stabilise by end of next week.  We are currently evaluating taking another 
cape on short period or fixing a COA with a distressed owner for our Q2 
cargoes out of RBCT or Colombia or both.  The average earnings for a cape has 
fallen from a high of $25,000 in November to $18,500 today.  Pierre is in 
Japan next week and should get a good feel as to what the Japanese steel 
mills are up to and what kind of opportunities are out there for us to 
concentrate on 
Panamaxes as anticipated are very difficult to read with close to zero Far 
East biz. Atlantic very short term has slight imbalance of tonnage but backed 
by very good USDA corn sales yesterday, the grain will start to role by end 
Feb. Paper rates have remained stagnant again lacking real physical input, 
nearbys marginally easier forwards flat neglected. Strategy will either be to 
bear spread where nearby premiums are good or bide our time and buy Q2 dips 
or calls.
The story out of Bocimar this week is that they view this year as being 
definitely weaker than last year and that they feel it should average around 
$15,000 to $17,000 for the year ( which is still a good market for shipping and at those levels, they are happy to sit back and watch.   Furthermore, 
last week CMB ( parent company of Bocimar ) released their earnings for cal 
00.  Their Dry bulk division made 60 million Euro and their tanker division 
made 60 million as well.  These are very good numbers for their dry bulk 
division taking into account the incredible rise in bunkers last year ( cost 
of fuelling the ships ) and the fact that their ships were often at anchor 
and not generating revenues.
On the funny side of things, Coeclerici is having their yearly audit by 
Arthur Anderson and AA has discovered that although Coeclerici makes money 
trading FFA's, they lack proper daily position reports and models to value 
options.  As a result, I got a call from Koert ( head shipping at Coaclerici 
) asking for our assistance as AA had mentioned to them that they should talk 
to us about our systems and procedures.  Being that Coeclerici is our biggest 
counterpart, we jumped on the opportunity to assist and Andy James is being 
sent to genoa Tuesday for a one day tutorial about risk controls and 
procedures while trying at the same time to better understand how Coeclerici 
values deals, which needless to say should help us in the future when 
negotiating with them 
Market
Short term	Medium term	Long Term
Handy Max	Down	Down	Down
Panamax	Up	Flat	Down
Cape Size	Down	Down	Down
Cape
Average time charter rate: $ 18,577 ( -1223 )
Spot RBCT/Rotterdam: $ 8.69 ( -.31)
Spot Tubaro/China: $10.63 (-.37)
Spot Bolivar/Rotterdam: $ 6.80 ( -.20)
Panamax
Average time charter rate: $ 12,037 ( + 72 )
Spot US Gulf/Japan: $22.31 ( + 0.24 )
Deals Done
Physical Freight
ECS freight 
None
Third parties freight deals
In discussions on several currently
OTC 
FFA s
Numerous swaps on both the Cape and Panamax routes.
EOL
Traded 150,000 tons with EDF, Bocimar, and new Panamax party Nyfex traded He's small shipping Inv fund who has lodged LC via RBS. 
Travels
Pierre is out all week and I am out Thursday and Friday and Andy will be out 
Tuesday
Chris
print
Rick Bergsieker@_DEVELOPMENT
01/28/2001 03:04 AM
FYI, attached is a very complete 4-page summary of the Dabhol situation.  No 
action needed on your part---information only
Daniel R Rogers
01/17/2001 04:24 PM
Wade, Bill & Neil,
Attached please find a summary compilation of the various issues and 
discussions that occured on the Dabhol project status update call that was 
presented to the LNG vessel interests.  I initially put this together as a 
way of organizing my notes, as well as communicating the latest status to 
Mark Haedicke and Alan Aronowitz in EWS/EGM Legal, who have asked to be kept 
advised of developments affecting the LNG contracts.  However, in discussions 
during this morning's Dabhol project lawyers' call, the issue was raised 
whether any written record of the discussions would be sent on to the 
shiplenders or the Greenfield sponsors.   I offered to make this summary 
available to the group if it would be of any assistance, my offer was 
promptly accepted, and that's why you see all the "cc" names in the address 
line above.
Of course, this summary is derived from my notes and somewhat contemporaneous 
recollections of the call, and as such I'm quite open to any suggested 
revisions to ensure the record is set as straight as possible.
Kind Dan
where is the email content?
Jennifer Fraser
01/29/2001 09:34 AM
Please keep Mike and I informed.  If there is anything we can do to help, 
please let us know.  They should be a very important customer for us.  John 
Nowlan also has info on them.  Thanks. 
Jeff
experience Enron@
Sent by: Carrie A Robert@
01/29/2001 09:23 AM
Below is feedback from Dow on the presentation that Mark Palmer did on 1/24 
to Dow's global operations leaders.  It was a big success.  Mark will be 
debriefing Jeff Skilling on the presentation and what they discussed.  Jeff 
Skilling is to meet with Mike Parker, President and CEO Dow Chemical in late 
April to discuss how Enron and Dow can work more closely together.  Let me 
know if you need  further information from me.
Thank you.
Carrie
"Lamm, Rudolf (RL)"  	01/25/2001 01:19 PM
Dear Carrie,
first of all thanks for your patience and support 
Mark was "worldclass" ! After the meeting we collected feedback, where we
asked the participants for the presentations which exceeded the
expectations....and "Enron" was clearly number one !
So it was the subject itself, but also Mark as a speaker ! Your choice was
absolutely to the "point 
Our company has agressive goals in terms of revenue growth...and all these
guys, who were in this room have somehow to do with it.
I think the Enron case just opened up a field of ideas and thinking to break
with our traditional business frame.
So it was exactly the right time.
Again, I can only say thank you for a great presentation and a great speaker
!
Please let Mark know, how well he did !
Rudi
Rudolf - I hope the Dow Chemical Operations Leadership Conference went
well.   Thank you for inviting Enron as a guest speaker.  Please let me
know if the presentation and Mark Palmer met your audience expectations.
Thank you for your feedback.
Carrie
please change my address in the enron system.  thanks.  Jeff
Corporate Payroll@
Sent by: Enron Announcements@
01/26/2001 06:17 PM
The 2000 Form W-2 will be mailed to your address of record by January 31, 
2001. If you have not received your form by February 20th, you may request, 
in writing, for a duplicate copy to be sent to you. Please note that a 
written request, including authorized signature is required.
When requesting a duplicate form, please specify the year for which you need 
a copy, sign your request, and include the following information:
Name
Complete Mailing Address
Phone Number
Social Security Number
You may mail your request to:
ENRON CORP
EB 1528
P O BOX 1188
HOUSTON TX   77002
Or you may fax your request to 713-646-3755.
Your request will be processed within one week of receipt.
If you have a question regarding the information on your Form W2, please 
contact the Payroll Call Center at 713-345-5555 option 1. 
Thank you
See you--have fun at your parties!
I'm generally around, but tomorrow night I have a black tie shindig beg. at 7 
or so.  Who's birthday parties?
Alma Martinez@
01/26/2001 01:20 PM
I'm studying and coordinating birthday parties this weekend.  I'll give you a 
buzz I'm out of here by 3 today--if I don't hear from you, have a great weekend (But we should have dinner sometime)
I'm out of here by 3 today--if I don't hear from you, have a great weekend (But we should have dinner sometime)
What about Adam Gross, Pavel Zhadorny, Mark Tawney?
Shawna Johnson@
02/22/2001 04:37 PM
This is a request for your interview participation.  The Associate and 
Analyst Programs will be on the Penn, undergraduate campus interviewing 
summer Analyst interns next week.  Due to business reasons, previously 
scheduled interviewers from the Penn team have had to cancel their 
participation 
Currently, I need three interviewers for Thursday, March 1st  and one 
interviewer for Friday, March 2nd.  Please let me know of your availability Campus interviews are scheduled as follows:
Place:  University of Pennsylvania
Date:  Thursday, March 1st   Friday, March 2nd
Day One Interviews    Day Two Interviews
Where:  On Campus    Inn at Pen 
Time:  8:00 - 5:00    8:00 - 5:00
Interviewers: Kevin McGowan- confirmed
Jen Fraser- confirmed 
Margaret Rhee- confirmed
Chris Hilgert- confirmed
In the event that you have scheduling conflicts and cannot participate, any 
referrals at the Director or VP level would be greatly appreciated. 
As always, thank you for your time and please contact me @ ext 58369 if you 
have any questions.
Shawna Johnson
Recruiting Coordinator
Sorry about that before.  I'll not say anything.
Best
Jeff
"Scott A. Kushnick"  	01/26/2001 12:48 PM
Please don't mention my NY trip to anyone 
Keep in touch.
Scott
thanks for the update.  have you gotten a price?
Doug Leach
01/25/2001 09:40 AM
fyi
Tom Byargeon, Kevin Miller and Ken Loch in ENA are working with producers in 
the US involved in deep water offshore Louisiana/Texas oil and gas drilling 
projects. This financing activity was primarily started to help ENA secure 
long term well head and pipeline natural gas supplies to supplement the gas 
trading desk activities. Just like what happened in Enron's initial VPP 
program they are find more interest in oil drilling projects rather than 
natural gas projects. 
They are currently working on a bid (due 1/31) for the Medusa project which 
involves Murphy (operator), Agip and Callon in Mississippi Canyon Blocks #538 
and #582. The initial reservoir reports estimate reserves of 80-120 million 
barrels of sour crude and they estimate initial production to be 40,000 bpd 
starting in 1Q 2003. Quality is estimated to be a Mars type crude with 25-27 
API Gravity and 1.5-2.0% sulfur. Plans are to build a private pipeline to 
Equilon's West Delta #143 platform and then bring the oil onshore. Peggy is 
finding out where WD #143 pumps to onshore.
Tom's group would like to know if we have any interesting in buying the crude 
on either a fixed or floating basis. The floating could be tied to a Platt's 
index or the NYMEX. It is far too early to expect Murphy to enter into a 
physical or financial contract, but Tom hopes to get us first and/or last 
look from Murphy when the time is right. Another alternative is to give 
Murphy barrels at their 95,000 bpd Meraux, Louisiana refinery in exchange for 
the new production barrels. 
Could someone in your group please give me a notional non binding basis 
differential for this quality of crude for Cal 2003? 
please print
Amanda Huble@
01/24/2001 01:02 PM
Please address, and I'll check with Legal as well.  We typically only book 
deals when everything is signed off.  Jeff
David Hoog
01/26/2001 09:37 AM
following up on our discussion yesterday; for these types of deals, i dont 
think its necessary to have all the documentation of our counterparty's 
authorization to enter into the agreement.  these are short term transactions 
and requiring this documentation will cause us to lose business because 
competitive alternatives do not have such burdensome requirements.
the primary reason we need these things is for the scenario where a muni does 
a derivative deal with an open-ended downside, loses $50 million, and then 
claims that it was not a valid contract.  in our case, they are only 
hedging.  we are collecting a premium up front and their total cost is known 
up front.  therefore they will not attempt to make this claim.  even if they 
did, our risk is limited to the premium , not some big payout.
the risk of losing business is far greater than the risk of a counterparty 
trying to get their premium back.  seems like a 5 second decision to me.
is it possible to combine the standard isda and our confirm into a single 
long form?  by going away from the standard isda maybe we can eliminate these 
requirements because the payout liability is only 1-way.
please print
RusAmArts@aol.com
01/26/2001 11:57 AM
Dear Mr. Shankman,
Thank you very much for your quick reply.  Attached is my resume.  I
highlight the relevant skills in the summary.  The position is with the EES
MMC EAST department / WHOLESALE, RETAIL & COMM, ENRON ENERGY SERVICES. It was
posted on Dec. 11, but the Human Resource dept said that if it is still on
the internet, it is open.
Look forward to hearing your comments / suggestions.
,
Rina
- ENRONR~1.DOC
Yikes!  That girl's mother sounds like a real problem.  I'm not sure how I 
would have handled it.  How's school going?  Any plans for the weekend?
Alma Martinez@
01/26/2001 11:36 AM
What happened 
Here's a story...as I was waiting at the bus stop (7:35am) to go to school, a 
lady approached me and asked if I'd make sure her daughter got on a certain 
bus.  The mother was running late for work and could not wait.  I couldn't 
say no...so Nicki (the little girl-10 yrs. old) and I waited for the bus.  It 
was now, 8:15 and there was no sign of her bus 
On top of  things, I had quiz at 8am.  Which I then realized I missed.  I 
decided that Nicki would just have to wait on her own.  I asked her if she 
had any relatives that  would want to know of her whereabouts.  I called her 
grandmother and explained things to her.  Pretty strange...aye. 
A bus that runs through UofH arrived and I almost got on without her, but I 
couldn't do it.  Finally, I told the little girl that she would have to 
accompany me to school (8:30am).  There were only 15 minutes left of class I stayed for the remainder of the lecture. After class we went back to bus 
stop and within minutes her bus arrived.  I told the bus driver where to drop 
her off.  I notified her grandmother with the time of the departure.  And I 
was relieved when Nicki called to let me know she was home safe.
Please send the memo to the EGM business heads as well Thanks.  Jeff
Jana Giovannini
01/26/2001 10:51 AM
Actually, Jen has volunteered for the afternoon session.  I spoke to her 
prior to my note.  Is there anyone else in EGM that could participate? Please 
let me know.  Thanks.
Jen, please take care of this for  EGM
Jana Giovannini
01/24/2001 11:42 AM
All,
The Analyst and Associate Programs recognize we have many Analyst needs that 
need to be addressed immediately.  While we anticipate many new Analysts 
joining Enron this summer (late May) and fulltime (August) we felt it 
necessary to address some of the immediate needs with an Off-Cycle Recruiting 
event.  We are planning this event for Thursday, February 15 and are inviting 
approximately 30 candidates to be interviewed.  I am asking that you forward 
this note to any potential interviewers (Managers or above).  We will conduct 
first round interviews in the morning and the second round interviews in the 
afternoon.  We need for interviewers to commit either to the morning 
(9am-12pm) or afternoon (2pm-5pm) complete session.  Please submit your 
response using the buttons below and update your calendar for this date.  In 
addition, we will need the groups that have current needs to commit to taking 
one or more of these Analysts should they be extended an offer.   Thanks in 
advance for your cooperation.
Thank you,
Jana
Where does our 50% (the 1.65 million dollars) show up?   Can you provide me 
with more details?  Great job, guys.
Eric Gonzales
01/25/2001 02:02 AM
Great job gentlemen!  This deviation shows that Eco definitely has a 
significant amount of option value which can be exploited with quick 
reactions and favourable market movements.
Eric
Wayne Perry@_DEVELOPMENT
25/01/2001 00:20
Finally completed tonight
Net to Enron LNG Marketing Company - $ 272,000 ( $0.10/ mmbtu )
Net to Eco  about $3,300,000   ( Enron 50% share about $ 1,650,000 )
Enron total gain not counting  ENA's trading desk margin is $1,922,000 
Not bad for a single cargo.
Wayne
Jen, please take care of this for  EGM
Jana Giovannini
01/24/2001 11:42 AM
All,
The Analyst and Associate Programs recognize we have many Analyst needs that 
need to be addressed immediately.  While we anticipate many new Analysts 
joining Enron this summer (late May) and fulltime (August) we felt it 
necessary to address some of the immediate needs with an Off-Cycle Recruiting 
event.  We are planning this event for Thursday, February 15 and are inviting 
approximately 30 candidates to be interviewed.  I am asking that you forward 
this note to any potential interviewers (Managers or above).  We will conduct 
first round interviews in the morning and the second round interviews in the 
afternoon.  We need for interviewers to commit either to the morning 
(9am-12pm) or afternoon (2pm-5pm) complete session.  Please submit your 
response using the buttons below and update your calendar for this date.  In 
addition, we will need the groups that have current needs to commit to taking 
one or more of these Analysts should they be extended an offer.   Thanks in 
advance for your cooperation.
Thank you,
Jana
please print
Douglas S Friedman
01/23/2001 06:55 PM
Jeff:
Attached you will find three files:
1) The brief description of the Envera deal you requested. ("deal summary 
final")
2) A diagram showing one potential view of how the e-Marketplace for 
Chemicals will look and where Enron would fit in. ("deal summary e-commerce 
marketplace")
3) A slide from Envera displaying their connectivity concept.  Enron will 
participate as a Member, a Service Provider and an Owner. ("basic envera 
concept")
Deals obviously are never done till they're done, but this one is 95 there.  We've received Envera Board Approval and signatures from 1/3 of the 
Owners' granting consent to issue equity to Enron.
Thanks to both you and John for your support.  We could not have come this 
far without it.
Doug
Michelle,
Thanks for the quick turnaround on the draft contract for Dan Reck.  Mark 
Frevert, Mike Mcconnell and I had several conversations today about this 
issue.  I have left a detailed voice mail for Mark outlining the target 
amounts, and will wait to hear back from him (by tomorrow) before presenting 
this to Dan.
,
Jeff
Hi there.  I've been out for 2 days.  I was driving home last night from the 
airport down 59, and I passed all sorts of emergency vehicles because of an 
explosing near.  Did you hear about it?
Thanks for the email.  Can you fax or email a  resume to me.  After I review, 
I'll reply with more info 
,
Jeff
RusAmArts@aol.com
01/26/2001 10:40 AM
Dear Mr. Shankman,
I obtained your name from the Penn Alum Network.  Sorry if this email is 
a bit long.  I came across a listing for a position with Enron in NY and am 
highly interested in applying for it. But, I would like to ask your advice 
regarding the approach I should take.
When I was an undergraduate at Penn (Wharton & CAS), I started my own 
fertilizer trading company.  With zero capital and zero contacts in the 
industry, I built up a company with $ 15 mil in revenues and clients all over 
the world.  I personally developed relationships with clients like ConAgra, 
Transammonia, Mitsui and numerous others in Latin America and Europe      Six years ago, outside factors forced me to join my family business, 
which is in the entertainment industry.  Now, I am at a point where I can, 
and want, to return to what I originally did.  The Enron position describes 
the exact objectives I faced in developing my own company - selling to large 
commercial and industrial customers.  That is exactly what I did and did 
well.  But, I am afraid that if I send my resume to the Human Resource dept they will overlook my early experience and will be confused why a Broadway 
producer is applying for the job.
Do you happen to have any suggestions ?  Perhaps you might know someone 
in the New York office that I can meet with.  I am very interested in working 
for Enron and know that I posses the right skills.  I would greatly 
appreciate your advice.
Thank you,
Rina Kirshner
Congrats!.  Will get you involved.  Jeff
Cheryl Lipshutz
01/24/2001 05:44 PM
Jeff,
I met with you in the fall & mentioned that my son had applied early 
acceptance to Penn for undergraduate.  In the craze of year end closings, I 
neglected to let you know that he got accepted this past December.  He is 
very excited & I am excited that the stress level in our house over college 
apps is over!!!  In any event, I would like to take as active a role as 
possible on the Penn/Wharton recruiting team.  Please let me know how I can 
help.  Thanks!
I knew you could.  I knew you could.  I knew you could 
caroleg2@bellsouth.net
01/25/2001 10:14 AM
looking forward to coming for a visit.  This is my first official e mail 
.....Hooray for me. Love Mom.
I'll get with mike m.
George McClellan
01/24/2001 03:59 AM
I would like Mike Beyer and Kevin McGowan to attend as well.  Please advise 
if this will be acceptable.
Thanks,
George
bingo.  probably a little lounging as well
Jennifer Fraser
01/23/2001 06:13 PM
Please tell you won't be golfing------perhaps a spa/shopping expedition 
instead?
FYI.
Thanks for the update on the sell weekend.  It certainly sounds like there 
were positives and negatives.  Going forward, I would like the commercial 
team under my direction to plan all future sell weekends, and similar 
recruiting functions.  I did not get Skilling to agree to a $1,000,000 
contribution to Wharton/Penn for us to not have a perfectly seamless 
weekend.  We all agree to the strategic importance of Univ of Penn, and we 
are not going to blow it, or appear to blow it.  I would like the Recruiting 
function and Commercial function to coordinate all logistics, etc., however, 
given this was one of the worst sell weekends I have seen Enron put together, 
we all need to get together and come up with specific plans on who will be 
accountable for specific parts of the weekend.  If anyone was hanging out in 
their hotel rooms, we were not doing our jobs, and I will take all 
responsibility going forward. 
I appreciate everyone's support and cooperation.
Jeff
can you tell i need to relax?
great, whatever you like.  what dates are good?
Let's plan something for early Feb - maybe next week or so?
Nicole La
Enron Broadband Services
Global Bandwidth Risk Management
713-853-5638 (office)
713-416-8738 (cell)
713-646-8795 (fax)
nicole_la@.net
Jeffrey A Shankman@ECT
01/23/01 02:52 PM
very interesting--did not know.  when should you and I go out?
yes she's fine 
Lara told me she was going out with you and I was just going to crash the 
party
Nicole La
Enron Broadband Services
Global Bandwidth Risk Management
713-853-5638 (office)
713-416-8738 (cell)
713-646-8795 (fax)
nicole_la@.net
Jeffrey A Shankman@ECT
01/23/01 02:38 PM
In town, most of the time.  Is she ok?  (I didn't know about the Lara Liebman 
part, though)
Things are good.  I was suppose to go out with you and Lara Liebman a couple 
weeks ago but I had to go see my mother in law in the hospital. 
How are things with you?  Are you in town 
Nicole La
Enron Broadband Services
Global Bandwidth Risk Management
713-853-5638 (office)
713-416-8738 (cell)
713-646-8795 (fax)
nicole_la@.net
Jeffrey A Shankman@ECT
01/23/01 02:23 PM
Howdy...How long has it been?  When are we going out?  How's everything up 
there?
very interesting--did not know.  when should you and I go out?
yes she's fine 
Lara told me she was going out with you and I was just going to crash the 
party
Nicole La
Enron Broadband Services
Global Bandwidth Risk Management
713-853-5638 (office)
713-416-8738 (cell)
713-646-8795 (fax)
nicole_la@.net
Jeffrey A Shankman@ECT
01/23/01 02:38 PM
In town, most of the time.  Is she ok?  (I didn't know about the Lara Liebman 
part, though)
Things are good.  I was suppose to go out with you and Lara Liebman a couple 
weeks ago but I had to go see my mother in law in the hospital. 
How are things with you?  Are you in town 
Nicole La
Enron Broadband Services
Global Bandwidth Risk Management
713-853-5638 (office)
713-416-8738 (cell)
713-646-8795 (fax)
nicole_la@.net
Jeffrey A Shankman@ECT
01/23/01 02:23 PM
Howdy...How long has it been?  When are we going out?  How's everything up 
there?
Jennifer is my asst, and will be out tomorrow, as will I.  I will have her 
check first thing monday a.m. with mark's asst.
Jeff
"Guarino, Carlo (C)"  	02/22/2001 03:48 PM
Jeff, I tried to contact Jennifer Burn regarding Mark Fievert's availability
for April 27th and May 11th and I understand that she is out of the office .
I am meeting with Pedro Reinhard on monday around the planning for your trip
to midland and it would be good to know if Mark is joining you on the trip.
Thanks.
,
Carlo 
Carlo Guarino
Global Development Director
Dow Growth Center
Office  (517) 636-0860 / Mobile (313)655-7553
Fax      (517) 636-1453
Internet address: CGuarino@dow.com
Jeff, I think this is a good potential. We are going to setup for you to
meet with Arnold Allemang - VP of Operations to discuss this option.
,
Carlo 
Carlo Guarino
Global Development Director
Dow Growth Center
Office  (517) 636-0860 / Mobile (313)655-7553
Fax      (517) 636-1453
Internet address: CGuarino@dow.com
Something else you may consider as a topic for our April/May meeting:  have
you guys looked at outsourcing your entire energy needs (gas and power in
particular).  We have been very successful in helping customers save quite
a bit of money on their energy expense, and as you see in today's power and
gas markets, that can be extremely valuable 
Best,
Jeff
"Guarino,
.com>                cc:
Subject:     RE: Buildscape
Strategic Opportunity 
02/21/2001
03:13 PM
Jeff, thanks for your help on the introduction and follow up. I'll let you
know how we go and if we do come to Houston shortly I'll let you know when.
Talk to you soon.
,
Carlo
Carlo Guarino
Global Development Director
Dow Growth Center
Office  (517) 636-0860 / Mobile (313)655-7553
Fax      (517) 636-1453
Internet address: CGuarino@dow.com
I have forwarded your info to both Philippe Bibi, CEO of Enron
Networks--the group responsible for our Enron Online site, and to Ray
Bowen, COO of Enron Industrial Markets--the group responsible for
paper/pulp.
,
Jeff
I'm free until 4-- come up with my new CD!  I'm off to Phila tomorrow morn, 
and ny thurs morn and will be back thurs night 
Alexandra Saler@EES
01/23/2001 02:28 PM
don't worry....We'll work it off at the park!  I am ready to go now.  if it 
rains we can just go get drinks!!
Did you see the second austin powers movie?  I just had lunch and I feel like 
Fat Bastard.
Alexandra Saler@EES
01/23/2001 11:15 AM
I don't run very fast.  is that a problem with you?  I may have to walk some 
of the loop.
ok, i'm laughing, thanks.  but NOW you get it!
Alexandra Saler@EES
01/23/2001 10:53 AM
well aren't you Mr. Know It All!
you are a june birthday right?  i'm may, and  i don't think i'm a 
dragon--it's done by birth year, no relation to zodiac.  still checking 
Alexandra Saler@EES
01/23/2001 10:41 AM
you are a dragon b/c I am also a gemini 
I'm an 8 of clubs, and a gemini; checking on the chinese animal sign
Alexandra Saler@EES
01/23/2001 10:17 AM
well...what are you?  I am not going to break up with one dog for another!
oh, i forgot to point out one more thing.  aren't you a dragon and mark a 
dog?  should i call the ghostbusters?
ok, i'll stop
In town, most of the time.  Is she ok?  (I didn't know about the Lara Liebman 
part, though)
Things are good.  I was suppose to go out with you and Lara Liebman a couple 
weeks ago but I had to go see my mother in law in the hospital. 
How are things with you?  Are you in town 
Nicole La
Enron Broadband Services
Global Bandwidth Risk Management
713-853-5638 (office)
713-416-8738 (cell)
713-646-8795 (fax)
nicole_la@.net
Jeffrey A Shankman@ECT
01/23/01 02:23 PM
Howdy...How long has it been?  When are we going out?  How's everything up 
there?
Thanks for the update on the sell weekend.  It certainly sounds like there 
were positives and negatives.  Going forward, I would like the commercial 
team under my direction to plan all future sell weekends, and similar 
recruiting functions.  I did not get Skilling to agree to a $1,000,000 
contribution to Wharton/Penn for us to not have a perfectly seamless 
weekend.  We all agree to the strategic importance of Univ of Penn, and we 
are not going to blow it, or appear to blow it.  I would like the Recruiting 
function and Commercial function to coordinate all logistics, etc., however, 
given this was one of the worst sell weekends I have seen Enron put together, 
we all need to get together and come up with specific plans on who will be 
accountable for specific parts of the weekend.  If anyone was hanging out in 
their hotel rooms, we were not doing our jobs, and I will take all 
responsibility going forward. 
I appreciate everyone's support and cooperation.
Jeff
Did you see the second austin powers movie?  I just had lunch and I feel like 
Fat Bastard.
Alexandra Saler@EES
01/23/2001 11:15 AM
I don't run very fast.  is that a problem with you?  I may have to walk some 
of the loop.
ok, i'm laughing, thanks.  but NOW you get it!
Alexandra Saler@EES
01/23/2001 10:53 AM
well aren't you Mr. Know It All!
you are a june birthday right?  i'm may, and  i don't think i'm a 
dragon--it's done by birth year, no relation to zodiac.  still checking 
Alexandra Saler@EES
01/23/2001 10:41 AM
you are a dragon b/c I am also a gemini 
I'm an 8 of clubs, and a gemini; checking on the chinese animal sign
Alexandra Saler@EES
01/23/2001 10:17 AM
well...what are you?  I am not going to break up with one dog for another!
oh, i forgot to point out one more thing.  aren't you a dragon and mark a 
dog?  should i call the ghostbusters?
ok, i'll stop
What a fun weekend!  Mine was a little boring.  Did you dance at the club 
before or after you ate all those burgers?  How's the pooch?
Alma Martinez@
01/22/2001 04:52 PM
I totally forgot we were celebrating my sister's birthday on Saturday.  We 
had a blast.  Went to an after hours club and had burgers for breakfast at 
4am.  And of course vegged on Sunday.
Howdy...How long has it been?  When are we going out?  How's everything up 
there?
Let's make sure she gets an offer.  Thanks.  Jeff
Vince J Kaminski
01/23/2001 01:23 PM
Kristin.
Kim is a member of the Tiger Team. She is interested in a summer
internship with Enron and I shall be glad to take her. 
Vince 
Summer Position under Wharton Schedule #1823
- Kim Whitsel -Enron Cover Letter.doc
- Kim Whitsel- Wharton2 resume.doc
I saw him this morn, and asked if he called you.  call him tomorrow or thurs, 
and i'll follow up 
Nathaniel Jeppson  Jeff,
Congratulations on yesterday's earnings release - the market reacted well.
Feedback I got from a large bank on the street is that they always recommend
buying ENE in the weeks leading up to earings releases.  I don't want to be
a pain, but you had said to let you know if I had not heard from Jeff by
today.  I'm happy to be the one to make the call - just let me know.
Halley and Michael's opening was quite successfull and the show is great.
have fun in London.
Nat
ok, i'm laughing, thanks.  but NOW you get it!
Alexandra Saler@EES
01/23/2001 10:53 AM
well aren't you Mr. Know It All!
you are a june birthday right?  i'm may, and  i don't think i'm a 
dragon--it's done by birth year, no relation to zodiac.  still checking 
Alexandra Saler@EES
01/23/2001 10:41 AM
you are a dragon b/c I am also a gemini 
I'm an 8 of clubs, and a gemini; checking on the chinese animal sign
Alexandra Saler@EES
01/23/2001 10:17 AM
well...what are you?  I am not going to break up with one dog for another!
oh, i forgot to point out one more thing.  aren't you a dragon and mark a 
dog?  should i call the ghostbusters?
ok, i'll stop
you are a june birthday right?  i'm may, and  i don't think i'm a 
dragon--it's done by birth year, no relation to zodiac.  still checking 
Alexandra Saler@EES
01/23/2001 10:41 AM
you are a dragon b/c I am also a gemini 
I'm an 8 of clubs, and a gemini; checking on the chinese animal sign
Alexandra Saler@EES
01/23/2001 10:17 AM
well...what are you?  I am not going to break up with one dog for another!
oh, i forgot to point out one more thing.  aren't you a dragon and mark a 
dog?  should i call the ghostbusters?
ok, i'll stop
Joe 
Saar Banin's work number in the UK at Goldman is 0207 774 6181.  He had been 
in metals for them for some time, and just moved over to gas and power (in 
the UK)  He's an aggressive, smart guy who I've known for 10 years.  Top 
notch.
Hope all is well
Jeff
PS  has Doug Rottenburg been calling anyone over there?  We haven't heard a 
sound from him 
i do not manage an eol stack.
The connection to EOL or other web applications will be as fast as it is now, 
as this is solely dependent on your network hardware (cables, network card, 
etc.)  The mgiration to Windows 2000 will not impact this in any way.  One 
thing I need to verify though, do you use Stack Manager with EOL?  I did not 
see any instances of it on your machine, but I just want to double-check, as 
this program will not work under Windows 2000.
Thanks
-Mike
i'm ready to go.  however, will this new system give a slower connect to eol, 
etc?
Jeff:
During my assessment of your machine, I noted your current hardware 
configuration:
SP750 with Dual 800Mhz PIII processors
512MB RAM
Matrox Quad video card
We currently do not have hardware in stock that matches these 
specifications.  Our current practice is to prepare a machine that is like or 
better than the machine the customer has currently, then swap that hardware The benefits here are minimal downtime and the ability to switch back to the 
old machine quickly if an application does not work correctly in Windows 
2000.  Because we do not have a machine of equal or greater speed in stock, 
here is what I propose:
Every machine we migrate is Ghosted.  By this, I mean we run a program called 
Ghost which takes a snapshot of the machine in its current state.  This image 
can then be put back on the machine or accessed to retrieve files or other 
data.  I propose we Ghost your existing machine, make a backup copy of that 
image (after verifying it works correctly), then re-use your current hardware 
with Windows 2000.  The risk here is that we cannot go back to Windows NT 
(your current system) as quickly if something does not work 
If you would like to move ahead with this plan, please let me know Otherwise, we will order a machine with the same specifications, but it will 
take some time to get here.
I look forward to hearing from you.
,
-Mike Hernandez
Project GEM
(713)853-7740
I'm an 8 of clubs, and a gemini; checking on the chinese animal sign
Alexandra Saler@EES
01/23/2001 10:17 AM
well...what are you?  I am not going to break up with one dog for another!
oh, i forgot to point out one more thing.  aren't you a dragon and mark a 
dog?  should i call the ghostbusters?
ok, i'll stop
hmmm. hadn't crossed  my mind........my dinner tonight just got cancelled how about a walk/run/abroller marathon tonight?  drinks after.
Alexandra Saler@EES
01/23/2001 10:16 AM
are you trying to break us up???  let's go get drunk at lunch.  my head is 
going to explode.  you don't have time to be my friend anymore!  can't you go 
to the park inbetween work and dinner?  You'll feel better.
oh, i forgot to point out one more thing.  aren't you a dragon and mark a 
dog?  should i call the ghostbusters?
ok, i'll stop
i'm ready to go.  however, will this new system give a slower connect to eol, 
etc?
Jeff:
During my assessment of your machine, I noted your current hardware 
configuration:
SP750 with Dual 800Mhz PIII processors
512MB RAM
Matrox Quad video card
We currently do not have hardware in stock that matches these 
specifications.  Our current practice is to prepare a machine that is like or 
better than the machine the customer has currently, then swap that hardware The benefits here are minimal downtime and the ability to switch back to the 
old machine quickly if an application does not work correctly in Windows 
2000.  Because we do not have a machine of equal or greater speed in stock, 
here is what I propose:
Every machine we migrate is Ghosted.  By this, I mean we run a program called 
Ghost which takes a snapshot of the machine in its current state.  This image 
can then be put back on the machine or accessed to retrieve files or other 
data.  I propose we Ghost your existing machine, make a backup copy of that 
image (after verifying it works correctly), then re-use your current hardware 
with Windows 2000.  The risk here is that we cannot go back to Windows NT 
(your current system) as quickly if something does not work 
If you would like to move ahead with this plan, please let me know Otherwise, we will order a machine with the same specifications, but it will 
take some time to get here.
I look forward to hearing from you.
,
-Mike Hernandez
Project GEM
(713)853-7740
oh, i forgot to point out one more thing.  aren't you a dragon and mark a 
dog?  should i call the ghostbusters?
ok, i'll stop
was that last email the rudest thing i've ever said?  so sorry 
so i had dinner with a college student.  could you break up with mark and 
date me?  that would be very helpful.  I really don't want to hear about 
someone's major for god sakes.
should i put myself on ebay?
Alexandra Saler@EES
01/22/2001 05:03 PM
good luck!  think positively!
Oh my god--so much desire to run, but i have a dinner tonight--my last since 
it's time to get into shape.  Maybe I'll wire my jaws shut.  If my dinner is 
with a 19 yr old, I'm going to take the fork and poke holes in myself.  (That 
was my dream) 
I'll tell you about it tomorrow 
Alexandra Saler@EES
01/22/2001 04:13 PM
yes....I have something for you.  are you there?  did you get my message any desire to go running in the park tonight?
did you call earlier today?
please print
Daniel Reck
01/23/2001 08:19 AM
This is what we were going to present before the meeting was cancelled (as 
predicted by Mr. McConnell).
--Dan
Patrick Conner
01/23/2001 07:35 AM
offer away.  thanks. 
Gentlemen:
We would be pleased to offer you a summary of the key reports and events of 
the week that are driving prices in crude, products, NGLS and petchems.
We are currently developing such a report for general dissemination. We would 
appreciate any comments or suggestions you might have regarding such reports. 
Thanks
JF
fyi
Michael J Beyer
01/23/2001 04:50 AM
Guys
There has been tremendous interest expressed already by generators, 
developers, and utilities to just about every coal producer about locating 
plants at mines. Some are moving forward. The most advanced appear to be 
Peabody (into TVA in western KY) EnviroPower (permitting three sites in Ky 
and Indiana) and Anker (permitting a site in W.Va). All sites are near 
transmission.
We can help locating sites , reserves and producers near transmission if we 
knew where the power needs are.
Mike
Clay, please add the rest of the crude team to crude specific alerts Thanks.  Also, can we set up an instant messenger system for these guys Jeff
Clayton Seigle
02/22/2001 01:08 PM
Word from Israel is that the alert has been downgraded for the time being Sources report that US aircraft flying over western Iraq saw that the troop 
movements and missile preparations have been halted, at least for the time 
being 
put on calendar
Judy Zoch@
01/23/2001 08:44 AM
You are cordially invited to attend our annual Financial Trading Dinner 
DATE:  Tuesday, February 6th
TIME:  5:30 p.m. - 10:00 p.m.
PLACE: Pappas Bros. Steakhouse
5839 Westheimer
713-780-7352
Should you have any questions, please do not hesitate to call me on ext. 
30655 
Thank you,
Judy Zoch
for Gary Hickerson
Oh my god--so much desire to run, but i have a dinner tonight--my last since 
it's time to get into shape.  Maybe I'll wire my jaws shut.  If my dinner is 
with a 19 yr old, I'm going to take the fork and poke holes in myself.  (That 
was my dream) 
I'll tell you about it tomorrow 
Alexandra Saler@EES
01/22/2001 04:13 PM
yes....I have something for you.  are you there?  did you get my message any desire to go running in the park tonight?
did you call earlier today?
did you call earlier today?
How was your weekend?
Alma Martinez@
01/19/2001 03:30 PM
I'll call you if I can make it 
Absolutely OK to send me a resume on any good person.  Also thanks for the 
update on the new car.  My dilemma is that I need a bigger car to carry 
anything, as you know the porsche isn't the most conducive car for such 
activity.  I'll probably be in before early 2002, as such  ,
Jeff
Jeff,
I trust all is well with you at the office. 
New Range Rover - I want to relay that I am privately informed Ford wish to 
accelerate
the U.S launch of the new car. The UK launch is Sept. this year so reasonably 
may mean arrival here early 2002. Believing this to be accurate, this may 
relieve you of making any decision on Range Rover right now.
Given your continuous search for "good people" and assuming your firm remains 
on the look-out for such people, I wish your permission to submit a resume of 
a colleague.
This lady has excellent work-ethics, is an outstanding achiever with high 
energy and I believe, the suited attributes for the culture within Enron. 
I would hope this could be reviewed and sent onward to the relevant people 
who would invite her for an initial meeting in the near future. Please advise 
this is okay.
Alan
Alan D. Lucks
good job on getting him.
Jeff
Sarah Mulholland
01/22/2001 12:59 PM
This is hands down, one of the smartest kids to come out of wharton this year 
and we got him.  Kevin, I know you really liked the guy and I'm going to see 
him on wed at a dinner and see what hes interested in doing, but i'm pretty 
sure its a trading rotation.  please feel free to contact him if you'd like.
sarah
JOSEPH MATAMOROS  Sarah,
Thanks for your email last week. I wanted to drop you a note that I
decided to accept the offer and appreciate all that you and the
recruiting team has done for us. I'm looking foward to getting to TX in a
few months and getting started.
I do want to speak to you later in the year regarding groups, teams and
such, especially regarding your team. Take care.
Joe Matamoros