Has any of you seen this?  Ideas, comments, feedback?  Thanks for the timely 
response.  Jeff
This is a draft of the dash we are putting together. Michael Tribolet works 
in my group and feel free to contact him if you have specific questions. I 
also spoke with Frevert re Lng and he informed me that if project Summer 
happpens, Lng goes with Summer, if not, it is transferred to you. What 
happens in the mean time is anyone's guess. Lets discuss . Rick
Michael Tribolet@
08/28/2000 08:15 PM
Here is the draft of the DASH.    While having a positive NPV, many of the 
trials run are negative due to defaults 
Jeff, 
I don't think this transaction makes sense. We should not keep increasing our 
exposure
in one area, given that we can deploy our capital in a more efficient way 
elsewhere,
without taking illiquid, long-term positions 
Vince
Has any of you seen this?  Ideas, comments, feedback?  Thanks for the timely 
response.  Jeff
This is a draft of the dash we are putting together. Michael Tribolet works 
in my group and feel free to contact him if you have specific questions. I 
also spoke with Frevert re Lng and he informed me that if project Summer 
happpens, Lng goes with Summer, if not, it is transferred to you. What 
happens in the mean time is anyone's guess. Lets discuss . Rick
Michael Tribolet@
08/28/2000 08:15 PM
Here is the draft of the DASH.    While having a positive NPV, many of the 
trials run are negative due to defaults 
Barbara,
We are in touch with Ketra and John and we shall work with them when they are 
here.
Vince
Barbara G Dillard@
08/29/2000 11:23 AM
Mark:
F.Y.I. - I have been informed by Ketra that she plans to be in the Houston 
office on Monday September 18th through Wednesday September 20th to meet with 
Vince and Stinston 
Hopefully we will be ready to continue Phase I of the Forecasting Project Can you make arrangements with Vince and Stinson (hopefully they will be 
available to meet 
Thanks!
Barbara 
(312)541-1232
Becky,
I have finished my budget but before I send it  out,
I would like to run it by you. I made a few assumptions and changes
to the template.
Can you find 15 minutes today or tomorrow? I can walk you through the 
spreadsheet.
Vince
Send check to Lisa
Dear Vince,
?
D you think you might be able to look at this in  the next day or so? Robin 
is after something by the end of this  week.
?
.
?
Chris.
?
- EPRM_01_VaR.doc
Chris,
My part has not changed for some time (since early July).
I sent  the last vintage of corrections  to you when I was in Sydney.
You can send the version you consider final to us just to double check.
I took the liberty of sending our chapter to Darrell Duffie and he liked it.
What is more important he did not find any error.
I shell send you my comments on the article for Robin in a day or so.
Vince
Hi Vince,
?
How are things with you? Well I hope. Do you have  the latest version of your 
part of chapter 3? (I think GRant has sent thru a  seperate, updated version 
to you, which has been typeset). Everything else has  been tied up and we 
will go with the version we have, unless we hear  otherwise.
?
Many thanks and ?
Chris.
?
Maruti,
Does 11:30 Enron Building work for you?
Vince
Hello Vince,
?
Thank you very much for getting back to me.
?
Friday, September 8 is fine with me. Please let me know what time would be  
convenient for you and where we can meet.? I can come any time  anywhere.
?
Sincerely,
?
Maruti
832-251-7267
?
?
?
?
Maruti,
What about September 8,  Friday?
Vince
Althea,
I was trying to get in touch with this guy.
Did he contact you by any chance?  He missed
the interviews on the campus.
Vince
Dear Vincent,
As I told you on the phone on Friday, I am very interested in a summer
internship at Enron. I would like to point out that I want to pursue a
career in trading, and I am especially interested in derivatives. Given that
Enron is a pioneer in the market making of energy, broadband and weather
derivatives, I find it a company I would be most interested in working for.
I believe that you will find my background of interest to your firm, and I
hope to be interviewed by yourself and other colleagues of yours. I have
final exams from March 19-22, but would be most willing to travel to Houston
for interviews any time from Friday March 23rd onwards. I hope to hear from
you soon.
,
Juan Seade
MBA Class of 2002
Stanford Business School
796 Escondido Road Apt. 29C
Stanford, CA 94305
Tel: (650) 497-3705
Email: jseade@stanford.edu
- Resume Juan Seade.doc
Kim,
FYI. I checked on the progress of the accounting adjustment and was told it 
would happen
this month.
Vince
Lisa Marcelli
Bank One Securities
P.O. Box 2629
Houston, TX 77252
TX2-4010
Phone: (713) 751 3967
(713) 751 3901 yaneth 
$37.4
Maruti,
What about September 8, Friday?
Vince
Hello  Mr. Kaminski,
Can we  meet for a quick lunch again at your 
convenience? Just to bring you up to date about my search for the right 
opportunity. Also I noticed in the Risk magazine that Enron Investment 
Partners and AIG have joined TreasuryConnect as strategic partners to 
capitalize on internet-based transaction execution of financial derivatives. 
I would like to explore if I can be any help to Hank Finkenstaedt, the 
Director of Enron Investment Partners.
Please let me know what day and time might be 
convenient for you.
Thank you.
Sincerely,
Maruti More
832-251-7267
mmore@houston.rr.com
Dear Mr. Kaminski:
I would  like to explore the opportunity to join 
Enron Investment Partners. I understand that Enron has $20 million fund set 
up to finance start-ups, and Gene Humphreys and his assistant John Godbold 
are trying to attract minority -owned start-up firms. I also learned that 
Enron has plans to increase the size of this fund to $200 million. I can find 
these opportunities for Enron around the Globe. Given my background as a 
Chartered Financial Analyst, with hands-on experience in investment 
management covering financial derivatives, fixed income, and equity, I can be 
a valuable resource to do the due diligence, origination, valuation, and 
monitoring of these start-ups. Would you please help me arrange a meeting 
with either Gene Humphreys, Ted Murphy, or may be Ken Lay?
I am pasting below the job opportunities open at Enron. I am also interested 
in these positions and would like to meet with the hiring manager.
I will give you a call to follow up.
Thank you.
Sincerely,
Maruti More
832-251-7267
job 0000104282 details
MANAGER/DIRECTOR
ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS: Candidates will be responsible for helping 
facilitate the transaction approval process for domestic and international 
investments. These investments include, but are not limited to, private 
equity, project development, venture capital, and structured credits. 
Candidates will work with business developers and underwriters in 
identifying, understanding, and documenting transaction risks. They will also 
assist in preparing transaction approval documentation. In addition, they 
will oversee the valuation, modeling, and simulation process for investments. 
The primary focus is to identify and measure key risk factors from both a 
quantitative and a qualitative perspective with an emphasis on fundamental 
analysis. The candidate must be able to assist in management and training of 
departmental staff and in formulation of investment valuation policies and 
procedures.
ESSENTIAL REQUIREMENTS: ? Strong interpersonal skills Understanding of transaction structuring and credit risk issues Understanding of finance and valuation methodologies. ? Proficiency with 
Excel cash flow models ? Experience with financial statement analysis Understanding of statistics and simulation techniques (Monte Carlo).
PREFERRED SKILLS: NA.
SPECIAL CHARACTERISTICS: The ideal candidate will possess an 
undergraduate degree in finance, accounting, or economics, and an MBA. 
Relevant experience could include credit analysis or valuation/finance 
experience. Manager/Director in the Risk Assessment department of a $20 
billion energy company.
CONTACT: PLEASE EMAIL RESUMES TO corpjobs1@, PLEASE 
REFER TO JOB NO.104282 WHEN RESPONDING.
Job ID  0000104282
Department  CAPITAL PRICING / RISK AN
Company  CORPORATE STAFF
RISK ASSESSMENT AND CONTROL
Location  HOUSTON, TX
Type
Posting date 05-JUN-00
To submit your resume for this position:
Online Enter your resume ID:   No Resume ID?  You can create a 
resume on-line, deposit it in our database, and receive a Resume ID using our 
Resume Builder.
Your Resume ID will allow you to submit your resume 
once, but route it to up to 20 open positions.Enron does not process resumes 
that are not sent in response to specific positions.
If you have an existing resume in electronic format, 
the Resume Builder allows you to cut and paste your whole resume.
Fax Our fax number is 1-888-588-7152.
You must tell us which jobs you're interested in, or 
we will not be able to process your resume.Write on your resume (or on a 
separate page) all of the jobs IDs of the jobs you're interested in pursuing.
An Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employer
reserved.  Contact us.
job 0000104281 details
STAFF/SPEC/SR SPEC
ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS: "SNAPSHOT" preparation - Responsible for 
preparation of quarterly asset "snapshots" which provides Enron's Senior 
Management with summarized operational and financial information on selected 
merchant portfolio investments. Responsibilities associated with preparation 
of snapshots include: researching publicly traded companies, calculating key 
financial data, updating and analyzing graphical summaries of performance, 
reviewing press releases for recent events data, updating stock prices from 
Bloomberg ? WEEKLY UNDERWRITERS REPORT - Full responsibility for updating and 
distributing weekly Underwriters' Report. Involves regular interaction with 
Executive Vice President, London office personnel, as well as several Vice 
Presidents within Underwriting Group within RAC. ? VARIOUS PROJECTS - will be 
utilized on special projects on an as needed basis
ESSENTIAL REQUIREMENTS: Accounting/Finance/Economics Degree with 
0 - 4 years business experience. Excellent computer skills - EXCEL, 
POWERPOINT, Bloomberg, Word Research skills and the ability to interact with 
a variety of personnel and departments. Excellent organization skills. Self 
starter, quick learner. Must be team player. Good writing skills with the 
ability to concisely summarize operational and financial results.
PREFERRED SKILLS: NA.
SPECIAL CHARACTERISTICS: . Entry level position with the 
opportunity to gain familiarity with all of Enron's portfolio assets. Future 
advancement in asset and portfolio management possible for candidate who 
exhibits competence and creativity.
CONTACT: PLEASE EMAIL RESUMES TO enajobs1@, PLEASE REFER 
TO JOB NO. 104281 WHEN RESPONDING.
Job ID  0000104281
Department  DUE DILIGENCE/ASSET MGMT
Company  CORPORATE STAFF
RISK ASSESSMENT AND CONTROL
Location  HOUSTON, TX
Type
Posting date 05-JUN-00
job 0000102789 details
SR SPECIALIST
ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS: In this position candidates will model, run 
monte-carlo simulations, evaluate capital investments. These investments will 
cover a wide range. Candidates will be responsible for the validation of 
models as well as insuring the accuracy and integrity of the model and 
underlying assumptions. The primary focus will be to provide an objective 
valuation for an investment by identifying and measuring key risk factors 
from both a quantitative as well as qualitative perspective. ? Understanding 
of valuation techniques applied to equity or structured financial products Understanding of cash flow models and option pricing models. ? Proficiency in 
Excel. ? Understanding of project finance and risk mitigation techniques Experience with financial statement analysis and Pro Forma Statements Understanding of statistics and application to financial analysis.
ESSENTIAL REQUIREMENTS: NA.
PREFERRED SKILLS: ? Understanding of simulation methodologies 
such as MonteCarlo. ? Exposure to statistical analysis software such as 
Crystal Ball or @Risk. The ideal candidate will possess an undergraduate 
degree in finance, accounting, or economics and have 2 to 3 years of 
financial modeling experience and an MBA/CPA.
SPECIAL CHARACTERISTICS: NA.
CONTACT: PLEASE DO NOT CONTACT THE HIRING MANAGER. PLEASE NO 
FAXES. Send resumes via e-mail to corpjobs1@ or mail to Enron, attn: 
TVasut - EB3628, 1400 Smith St., Houston, TX 77002. Please refer to job 102789
Job ID  0000102789
Department  CAPITAL PRICING / RISK AN
Company  CORPORATE STAFF
RISK ASSESSMENT AND CONTROL
Location  HOUSTON, TX
Type
Posting date 17-MAR-00
- att1.htm
FYI
Vince
Rabi De  Dear Vince,
Thank you very much for updating me on the status of my job application.? I 
got another good news last week.? I am happy to inform you I passed the 2000 
CFA Level I examination. The pass rate for Level I examination this year is 
52%. I look forward to hearing from you.
Sincerely,
Rabi De
? 
? 
? Vince.J.Kaminski@ wrote: 
Rabi,
Thanks for your message.
Everybody who interviewed you was greatly impressed with your technical
skills and professional attitude.
We shall extend an offer to you within a day or two.
Vince
Rabi Deon 08/22/2000 02:57:37 PM
Dear Dr. Kaminsky:
Thank you very much for arranging the follow-up interview with your
internal clients. I visited Mr. Ted Murphy and his staff at RAC and Mr.
Dennis Benevides at EES yesterday. I was impressed with level of risk
technology employed by Enron to achieve its business objectives. I want to
reiterate my strong interest in joining your group, which is held in very
high esteem both inside and outside of Enron.? I look forward to h! earing
from you.
Sincerely,
Rabi S. De
Do You Yahoo!?
Yahoo! Mail - Free email you can access from anywhere!
Do You Yahoo!?
Yahoo! Mail - Free email you can access from anywhere! 
Kristin,
What about the visit to the campus on Nov. 3?
Any resolution?
Vince
Kristin Gandy@
08/28/2000 10:03 AM
Greetings, Carnegie Mellon Recruiting Team!
Each of you has been chosen to represent Enron for our Fall 2000 recruiting 
efforts at Carnegie Mellon University.  As part of the team, you will be 
challenged with choosing the best candidates from Carnegie Mellon's Graduate 
School to join our Associate Program.
Our first campus event will be on September 15 and interviews will be held on 
campus December 11 and 12.  I hope you are all able to participate in the 
exciting process of recruiting young talent.
We will be more formally organising ourselves in the next couple of weeks Currently, we are planning to have a brief team meeting in order to make 
introductions, inform you about the Associate Program, and discuss the fall 
recruiting calendar.  To that end, please contact me with any questions or 
comments you may have.
The team meeting date is set for August 31st at 10am in room 19C2.
Please RSVP to me as soon as possible 
I look forward to meeting you all soon.
Sincerely,
Kristin Gandy
Associate Recruiter
x 53214
Shirley,
Most recent org chart.
As you can see Li Sun is reporting to Kevin Kindall.
Vince
Pierre,
I am working with Kristin Gandy on my trip. Hopefully, she will be able to 
confirm the 
November date in a day or two. Kristin  is taking care of all the 
arrangements.
Vince
Pierre-Philippe Ste-Marie  Dear Mr. Kaminski,
Any news yet about your trip to Pittsburgh? I would sure appreciate a
message saying that everything is Ok for early november!!
Pierre
Ashley,
Thanks. Please, always cc my assistant Shirley Crenshaw
(3-5290).
She does not read my mail.
Vince
Enron Technology
Please note that the Cal Berkeley Team Meeting location has been moved. 
Tuesday, August 29th
2:00 p.m.
49C4
!
Thank you,
Ashley
Stinson,
Can you read the attached?
Vince
FYI
Vince
Enron Technology
Please note that the Cal Berkeley Team Meeting location has been moved. 
Tuesday, August 29th
2:00 p.m.
49C4
!
Thank you,
Ashley
Stinson,
Any action on this?
Vince
Jim Garven  At 10:17 AM 3/31/2001 -0600, Vince.J.Kaminski@ wrote:
Jim,
I shall contact Althea and make sure Rusty meets with the Research Group
members.
Vince
Vince, I am quite grateful. Thanks for arranging this.
By the way, is there any chance that I might be able to attract you to campus 
this spring before school lets out?? If not, let's definitely plan on 
scheduling a time during the coming fall 2001 semester when you can visit 
campus and present a lecture to my risk management students.
Sincerely,
Jim Garven
_________________________________________
James R. Garven, Ph.D.
Professor of Finance & Insurance
Department of Finance, Insurance and Real Estate
Hankamer School of Business
HSB 336
Baylor University
Box 98004
Waco, TX? 76798
Voice: (254) 710-6207
Fax: (320) 213-5580
E-mail: James_Garven@baylor.edu
Home Page Vita Research Paper Archive _________________________________________
Amitava,
Congratulations.
Vince
Amitava Dhar@
08/25/2000 03:25 PM
You will be glad to know that I have passed CFA Level II  exam.  Thanks for 
all the support I receive from both of you.
With Amitava
FYI
Vince
Eric,
Mandeep Chahal, Ainsley Gaddis, Sofya Tamarchenko, Elena Chilkina, James 
Aimone 
should not count. M. Chahal was transferred to the New Company, the rest are 
summer interns
(gone back to school), or part-time high  school or college kids. I shall 
walk  around and remind the rest
of the crowd about the deadline.
Vince
Eric Thode@
08/25/2000 02:31 PM
Vince 
We have been working the last few days to get ENA's United Way participation 
rate up as high as possible.  I called earlier about your Cost Center because 
the following 16 employees were listed in Power Trading, but I believe are 
part of the Research organization.
If you have a chance, could you encourage them to log onto 
on the intranet and make a contribution to the 
United Way.  The deadline is today.
Thanks.
Eric
Employees in your Cost Center:
Ainsley Gaddis  Elena Chilkina  James Aimone   Jose Marquez
Kevin Moore  Mandeep Chahal Maureen Raymond  Osman Sezgen
Paulo Issler  Peyton Gibner  Pinnamaneni Krishnarao Samer Takriti
Sofya Tamarchenko Thomas Halliburton William Smith   Yana Kristal
Thx,
We are very anxious to hear her answer
Pierre-Philippe Ste-Marie