__________________________________________________
Do You Yahoo!?
Get email alerts & NEW webcam video instant messaging with Yahoo! Messenger
Conway,
Do you have T.J.'s new email address.  I want to let him know I
won't be out there in Oct.  Give me a shout.  How's everything going?
My miata broke down this past weekend.  I didn't think it would be
that soon.  It looks like I'm forced to buy a new car.  I'm not 
looking forward to the process although the internet should make
it less painful than it was 9.5 years ago.  Wow, I can't believe
I've owned the Miata for over 9 yrs 
I'm going to see Bonds play on Wednesday night.  Hoping he'll be
going for the record that night (either a tie or to break it).  I
scored tix in section 154 - prime bonds territory.  Check out the
section on the Houston Astros website.
Talk to you soon 
KR
Yeah, I'll probably still go but I was planning on the first weekend being
w/ the fellas.
Capt. Frank P. Conway
"Sissy"
USNTPS Class 121
301.757.5079
conwayfp@navair.navy.mil
if i cancel, you're still going out to meet up w/ Denise, right?
Fag boy,
Let me know if you are definitely canceling for Cali so I can set up
other
plans.
Capt. Frank P. Conway
"Sissy"
USNTPS Class 121
301.757.5079
conwayfp@navair.navy.mil
B.L.,
Don't know if you talked to Conway, but it looks like i'm going to cancel my trip in a couple weeks.
I really don't feel like flying right now with all the shit going on and the impending military strike.
Anyway, hopefully we can meet up soon.  Hope everything's going great.
KR
Thanks
Kevin,
I have updated and these will products will hit the Firm Trading Central Book.
Thanks,
Stephanie
Stephanie,
Could you please give me access to trade physical canadian products on eol.
Thanks,
Kevin Ruscitti
x3-6320		
P.S.  my id is ADM09529
Stephanie,
Could you please give me access to trade physical canadian products on eol.
Thanks,
Kevin Ruscitti
x3-6320		
P.S.  my id is ADM09529
The interconnects are primarily in Michigan, Ohio and Wisconsin.
Are you taking any resumes?  I need to start the process.  I don't know what the future
holds here?  I don't think anyone does.  We don't know if there will be more mgmt 
surprises?
Sure, no problem.
Kevin/Peter/Eric
We are holding 32 interviews for the ENA Trading Track this Thursday, November 1st from 2.30 pm onwards.   Your names have been passed to me by Hunter Shively.    Can you please confirm you can interview at this time.   All the interviewers are gas & power traders.
Kind 
Karen.
x54667
Kevin Ruscitti
Pete Keavey
Eric Bass
How's everything?  Haven't heard from you in some time.  What's up?
You're not in Afghanistan are you?  Only kidding?
KR
Chump,
Here's the addresses brilowery@aol.com
todd.johnson.b@bayer.com 
You could call me at home if you like at 713-880-4157.
Kevin Ruscitti
No,
There's been a lot of shit happening with my company and frankely,
I don't know what's going to happen over the next few months.  As a 
result, we decided to wait at least a few months until our financial
situation is better known 
Glad to hear everything's going well.  Did you go out to California?
What are your plans over Thanksgiving?
KR
Chump,
I've been super busy the last two weeks.  The pace seems to be cyclical and
we are definitely in high gear right now.  I don't expect it to slack off
until the Thanksgiving break with another push coming just before Xmas.  The
good news is, I am a third of the way through.
Did you ever get a car?
Frank
PS  Did you see WVU put up 80 on RU?  They suck!
Didn't you say mapquest said it takes around 6 hrs to get to Houston from Corpus
Dickhead?
TAGSNOW@aol.c 
Subject: Fw: IMPORTANT: PLEASE READ  
AP Camden,NJ: A terrorist cell has been broken up in Camden just east of
Philadelphia. Four of the members have been apprehended by the Camden
Police, with the fifth still at large. Arrested in the Camden sweep were
Bin Eatin, Bin Smokin, Bin Sleepin and Bin Drinkin. All are being held on
illegal immigration
charges. Police stated that they can find no one fitting the description of
the fifth cell member, Bin Workin, in the area. But Camden Police are
confident that anyone who resembles Bin Workin would be easy to spot in
Camden.
My address is 616 Byrne St.; Houston, TX  77009.
Good to hear from you.  Looking forward to this Sunday.
Kevin
Kevin:
Hope all is well - I am pumped about the supper club coming up - and the
associated drinking.  Can you give me your address.  I need ir for wedding
stuff.
Dax
Robin,
How's everything in NY?  The flow of info around here has been horrible.  I
have no idea on what's happening - a bad situation to be in obviously.  We're
just reading all the news on the wires.
Just starting to look at some options in case the trading desk vanishes.  Do
you know if Sempra in CT is still looking for people.  I figure it's time to see
what else may be out there.
I'm sure we'll talk a little later.
Kevin
Dave,
Take a look at this before you pass it on.  I haven't looked
at it in a while.  Let me know if you get it and how it looks.
Thanks,
Kevin
test
Dave
sorry, but i didn't get your message until late.  i'll call you at home tonight.
test
__________________________________________________
Do You Yahoo!?
Find the one for you at Yahoo! Personals
Adrian,
You can call me on my cell over the weekend if you like.
713-416-6352.
Thanks,
Kevin
Kevin,
I am the executive recruiter you spoke to today about new job opportunities.
Thanks very much for your time.  As discussed, I've attached my contact
information for your records.  Please send your resume back to me in Word
format and let's make arrangements to discuss your background and interests
in new job opportunities.
You can find more information about my firm at www.firstcallassociates.com.
We are very familiar with the nuances of the energy trading business and
have built relationships with many energy companies in North America
enabling us to present qualified employees for their consideration.
Adrian Clark
Director
First Call Associates, Inc.
8 Andrew Dr.
Canton, CT  06019
(860)693-4122
(860)693-4118 (fax)
Gary,
Sorry for the delay.  I'll be in New Jersey for the weekend but don't hesitate to
call me on my cell phone at 713-416-6352 if you'd like to discuss my resume.
Thanks,
Kevin
I would like to introduce Intercontinental Staffing Group.  Our offices in Houston and London are primarily focused on serving the energy trading industry, bringing together top energy trading talent with the worlds leading energy trading companies.  Our search consultants have past experience in either trading or brokering energy products.  This gives us a distinct advantage with respect to our knowledge of and exposure to the energy trading industry.
We are currently working on filling several trading and marketing/origination positions throughout the US.  If you have an interest or know of someone who is looking for a new career opportunity, please contact me at the phone number listed below or feel free to email me at possibilities@istaffinggroup.com Thank you for your time.  I look forward to speaking with you.
Sincerely,
Gary Pitt
Director
Intercontinental Staffing Group Inc.
Phone:  (713) 850-8399
Fax:  (713) 850-7746
Cell Phone:  (281) 467-0022
email:  possibilities@istaffinggroup.com  
Let me tell you who won't win - RU.  They are arguably the worst
division 1 football team I've ever seen.  I saw them for the 1st time
this weekend on TV.  They are horrible.  Hope everything's going well.
Life at Enron sucks.  I'm sure you've been following the situation.
I'm sure there'll be a #1 bestseller written about this circus.  Talk
to you soon.
KR
Kevin,
This has to be one of the *ugly* games of the year.  The only saving
grace (and it isn't much of one either) is that the winner gets to say
they won their last game.  For Cal, that would be their only win.  I'm
going to be in OC at my in-laws, and I'm going to try to get an Internet
broadcast.
If Rutgers wins, I'll buy you a drink the next time I see you (actually
I'll buy you a drink regardless 
Hi to Lisa - hope you guys have a Happy Thanksgiving.
Tim Sarhatt
Comprehensive Financial Management
(408) 358-3316
(408) 358-2487  fax
What's the website you bought the Adirondack chairs off of.  We are looking
to pick up a couple more.
KR
There's a girl on my desk that makes it in 3, so it'll probably take you 4.
Michael,
Per our conversation I've attached the file.  I'll try to follow it up with a phone
call around 3pm Houston time 
Thanks,
Kevin
Genia FitzGerald
06/15/2000 08:59 AM
Per your conversation with Elizabeth, please find attached Enron Power 
Marketing, Inc.'s standard cover page for the above referenced Agreement Don't hesitate to let me know if you need anything else.  I can be reached at 
(713) 853-6389.
Genia FitzGerald
please reformat - new tva12
thanks
"Robert J. Madden"  	06/20/2000 04:57 PM
Elizabeth:  Here is the draft letter.  I have made a few minor revisions.
Bob
- 1WY$01!.WPD
Oh shit
Yippee
Oh shit
Yippee
Please stop
per my voice mail
Morris--Thanks for your previous information where you said, from a tax 
standpoint, that EPMI could buy and sell power in Canada as long as the 
trading was done in Houston (or Portland).  Can the EPMI traders physically 
meet in Canada with Canadian counterparties, as long as the agreement is 
executed by EPMI in the US?
Morris/Elizabeth/Jeff -- Tom May, our new NY trader, wants to wheel power 
to/from NEPOOL or NY through Hydro Quebec Power and New Brunswick Power Rhonda and I will take care of the EPMI wheeling agreements on HQ and New 
Brunswick.  Who can make sure that EPMI has the necessary export permits to 
take power out of Canada (DOE or NEB)?  Thanks.
Brenda 
please download this document and put in my directory in new file EEI 
Contract.  After pulling down email copies to Sandra Hrna and Robbi Rossi.
thanks
The latest version of the EEI-NEM Master Contract now can be downloaded from 
EEI's website at     We only ask that a 
short registration form be filled out first so that we can better serve the 
community interested in using the contract.  We are making the contract 
freely available, multiple copies may be made, our only restriction is that 
the contract not be resold.  We also request that attribution to EEI and NEM 
be given in all copies of the contract.
Our intention is to use the EEI website and listserver as tools to help 
promote dissemination and use of the contract.  For instance, we could make a 
listing of companies using the contract on the website.  Also, we are 
considering posting on a periodic basis responses to requests for 
clarification or interpretation of the contract terms that would be of 
interest to the user community.  Please let me know if there are other 
enhancements that you would find helpful
,
Andrew S. Katz, Director Industry Legal Affairs
Edison Electric Institute
701 Pennsylvania Avenue, N.W.
Washington, D.C.  20004
Voice:  202-508-5616
Fax:     202-508-5673
e-mail:  akatz@eei.org
- Andy Katz.vcf
Hi
Can you still play today? I could play at 12:30 or in the afternoon, say 3:00 
or 3:30.
Talk to you soon
Elizabeth 
713 853 6349
how about 330?
Brenda Whitehead
04/26/2000 01:27 PM
per the request of Elizabeth Sager, please see this 
attachment 
Christian asked that I send this to you....These are the current definitions 
that we are using for FIRM and CAISO in the West.
Kim Theriot
Instructions per SW.  I assume she is referring to the time submitted by 
Taffy.  Jeff H is my immediate supervisor.
Thanks
Sheila Walton
04/20/2000 09:12 AM
Please disregard the previous memo on the Time Keeping Requirements.
In preparation for SAP implementation on July 1, 2000, please send a copy of 
your time sheets each pay period to Mark Haedicke, your immediate 
supervisor,  and myself.  I will be auditing  your time records to ensure 
proper coding for the SAP implementation.  Please begin this time-keeping 
practice immediately and continue until further notification.  Thanks for 
your cooperation with this 
Chaundra must have accidently forgot to forward to you.
Elizabeth Sager will be meeting with different groups this week to discuss 
the EEI master contract.  All lawyers should plan to attend the May 4 
presentation regarding Legal's proposed Addendum to the EEI Contract, and you 
are welcome to attend the others.  The Documentation and Credit groups should 
plan to attend both the May 2 meeting and, for additional information 
specific to Credit/Documentation, the May 3 meeting.  The meeting schedule is 
as follows:
MEETING WITH TRADERS
Date:  Tuesday, May 2, 2000
Time:  4:00 p.m.  -  6:00 p.m.
Location: EB46C1
MEETING WITH DOCUMENTATION GROUP AND CREDIT GROUPS
Date:  Wednesday, May 3, 2000
Time:  11:00 a.m. - 12:00 noon
Location: EB38C2
MEETING WITH LEGAL - POWER TRADING GROUP
Date:  Thursday, May 4, 2000
Time:  9:00 a.m. - 11:00 a.m.
Location: EB38C2
As discussed.
Hi 
How about Tuesday at 1130 ( I'm meeting with all Enron power traders on 
Tuesday at 400 to explain the EEI contract - oh boy, that will be a blast).
If that doesn't work I can also play on Wed.
See ya
I can meet at 1115 for 30 minutes.  I will be in my office.  Tell him to call 
me here and if we don't finish we can resume later
John Llodra@
05/02/2000 09:17 AM
All:
I received an RFP from Northeast Utilities for sale of peaking plant 
entitlements to which I would like to respond (respose due Fri 5/12).  A 
requirement for any transaction coming out of this process is that the 
winning buyer must be signed on to NU's Tariff 7 (mkt based rate tariff).  Do 
any of you know whether or not we are already signed on to this?  If not, 
would one of you be able to review this tariff (attached) to see if there are 
any problems with it?  Thanks.
John
She'll love it!
Talk to you soon.
Have a great weekend.
Hi Brent 
Hope all is well.
I received your email.  In the US we do physical power puts and calls usually on a daily, weekly or monthly basis (e.g several month deal that 
gives party right to receive/sell energy on a daily basis).  The confirmation 
for them is very simple, and generally assumes an underlying master that 
would govern the physical delivery if the option is exercised as well as all 
the other general terms and conditions By copy of this email, I would ask Leslie Hansen to send you copies of a put 
and call confirmation which she can get from our documentation group.
Looking forward to seeing you soon back in Houston
(Thanks Leslie)
Brent Hendry@_DEVELOPMENT
05/04/2000 09:43 AM
The commercial team in Sao Paulo is getting creative and I have been asked to 
find out if EPMI has ever created or used a physical power put or call option 
form.  Do we have any forms that I could give to the attorneys in Sao Paulo 
to review?  I appreciate any help you can give me.  Thanks,
Brent
Lisa 
Thanks for the notice. Please add Janice Moore and Shari Stack to you list 
and delete Lou Stoler.
Thanks
Elizabeth
You both have been added to this list
Lisa Shoemake
05/04/2000 09:24 AM
There will be a Monthly Legal Credit Meeting May 10, 2000 in EB38C2 from 
10:00-11:00.  If you have any questions please let me know.
Thanks
Lisa x39194
Hi
Want to play tennis next week? Wed/ Thurs,  lunch or afternoon works fine for 
me.
Let me know.
I'll give you more details later but the meeting with the traders went 
reasonably well.
See you soon
Elizabeth
Mitch 
Give me a call when you get a chance, re the Gleason letter (I'm not sure 
I've left voice messages for you at the right place).
Thanks
Elizabeth
36349
Michael Danielson
04/20/2000 08:27 AM
FYI
Michael
I received a call from your attorney a few days ago; she was  inquiring
about the status of the draft of the power sales agreement.  .  I misplaced
her number; therefore I did not get back to her.  Please apologize to her
for me.  We have not spent much time with your draft because we feel our
positions are so far apart that  NES's time was better spent working with
those suppliers that understood the program and were comfortable with the
program.  We have one contract signed and are negotiating with two other
suppliers.  Is there any point to sending ENRON a copy of the agreement NES
is will to sign or has ENRON decided it has very little interest in the
program as it is structured?
Maxine E Levingston@
05/08/2000 11:44 AM
A meeting regarding the TEPAC project has been scheduled for Wednesday, May 
10, 2000 in EB2935 from 1:30 - 3:30 p.m.
Thank you,
Maxine Levingston (5-8683)
That would be great.  I have court 2 for us at 330.  Let me know if we need 
to change it; otherwise I will Elizabeth
36349
Jim
Friday morning would be great for the Gibbs & Brun lawyers to meet with 
Tabors.  They have been speaking to him about a meeting in DC next week but 
if we could do it here it would be fantastic.  Let me know if you can get 
Tabors to stay over.
Thanks
Elizabeth
713 853 6349
Christi L Nicolay
05/08/2000 03:50 PM
This is a notice of Consumers filing a new market based rates sales tariff to 
implement the EEI (I think) contract.  Do you all want a copy?
FYI
- ER002299.1
Hi
I talked to Grant and we are definitely considering coming up assuming we can 
make it work with your schedule.  The week you are in BI may work out great We will get back in touch with you as soon as we check the details.  Thanks 
for the great offer and encouragement. I'm praying we can make it all work 
out.
Ella is a size 8.
Thanks again and I'll talk to you soon.
Liz
Oops. Address for shipping is 
822 Columbia
Houston TX 77007
Ella will be so excited to get a package/swimsuit - Everyday now she asks if 
she has gotten any mail (she loves opening things and the idea that the world 
is sending her things)
Thanks again and   soon.
David 
Can you look this over.
Thanks
Christi L Nicolay
05/09/2000 02:55 PM
Elizabeth -- EPMI or Enron SE Corp. will probably be members of this new 
MAIN/MAPP organization.  Can you have some corporate type comment on these 
attachments?  Thanks. 
Joe Hartsoe@
05/09/2000 02:47 PM
Christi -- yes if we will be a member.  Later JOe
Christi L Nicolay@ECT
05/09/2000 02:16 PM
I don't see anything glaringly wrong in these, but I am not a corporate 
lawyer.  It seems to have section balanced voting at the committee level 
(except that each member gets one vote at the "parent" level, section 6.5 how is balanced voting assurred there?)  Also, it takes one year to withdraw 
(section 5.7)  It seems like the timing should be shorter, perhaps, 6 
months.  ,I assume that MAPP and MAIN have hired corporate counsel to draft 
these, but JOE do we need to have one of the Enron corporate lawyers look at 
these?
Dave Mangskau@
05/08/2000 10:04 PM
Comments??
jdmcgrane@MLB.COM on 05/08/2000 01:13:54 PM
attached is a draft of the bylaws and articles for the proposed RRO,
combining MAIN and MAPP; we have drafted it as a Delaware entity due
to the uncertainty as to where it will be located
John McGrane
Tues at 930 or 200 would be fine.
thanks
FYI
Stuart Zisman
05/11/2000 06:10 PM
Attached is a draft of a PPA/Tolling Agreement that we were negotiating last 
year in connection with the potential disposition of our 99 Peaking Assets I believe you have seen this one before (in fact, I my memory serves my 
correctly you provided significant input).  I hope this is helpful.
Stuart
Christian Yoder
05/11/2000 02:22 PM
I can provide chapter and verse if you need it, but thought just making the 
main point might be enough.  ----cgy
This is the subject of the meeting w Larry for 230 today on 31 in control room
Larry Soderquist
05/17/2000 09:42 AM
Elizabeth, we discussed this matter intenally yesterday, witht he following 
conclusions:
We want to be able to apply Gleason Network credits to all transmission costs 
(from all  TVA-related control areas)
We want to be able to go negative on application of the credits - when 
network upgrade invoices to Gleason have not  yet caught up to transmission 
credit requests from all of the control areas.
We do not want to make a monthly declaration of transmission requirements We need to agree with TVA on a process to keep track  of the credit usage and 
balance.
We would like to go over them with you in our 2:30 pm meeting today - at the 
controol room conference table 
Larry.
Ben F Jacoby
05/13/2000 11:11 AM
Sent by: Ben Jacoby
Larry:
Please make sure folks are up to speed on this. In any current month, the 
amount of the transmission credit is equal to the then current amount of 
capital costs paid by Gleason to TVA for the Shleby upgrade, less any 
transmission credits previously used. I think the way to go is first to see 
if we can use the credits to offset transmission charges from our other TVA 
plants (on this point, TVA said no, but since Luke is out of the picture, we 
should make another run at this). If that does not fly, (that is, if the 
amount of credits we can use in any month is limited to the transmission 
charges otherwise due from Gleason on the power it generates), we obviously 
want to make sure we designate a credit amount equal to only as much as we 
actually need. 
Given that I believe we are the first IPP to be in this situation with TVA, 
and given that TVA is to repay us in 2009 for the actual cost of the Shelby 
upgrade less transmission credits actually used, we also need to make sure we 
are accurately tracking both upgrade costs and transmission credits used, and 
that TVA agrees with what we believe to be the correct balance. Jody Pierce 
and Amy Copeland are aware of this, but I caution that we need to be 
extremely careful given the amount of money involved. Toward this end, I have 
asked Jody and Amy to make sure each TVA Shelby upgrade invoice is adequately 
labelled as such by TVA before we make payments. I strongly suggest we put in 
place a similar system for transmission credits whereby we receive TVA 
signoff as part of the process Dennis To references below.
Please follow up with Jody, Amy, and Lloyd to make sure everyone is up to 
speed on this as we proceed, and please make sure that an adequate process is 
set up to account for transmission charges, credits, and balance of Shelby 
upgrade costs.
Thanks much,
Ben
 The original of this letter has been mailed to you.  Call me if you have
 any questions.