Hi guys,
?
Hope you are both enjoying Paris. We've past the  end of September which was 
the deadline for the ext EPR article. Seeing as we  were going to use the 
same data set for articles 2 and 3 I've done drafts of  them both. Please 
have a look and get comments back to me asap before Robin  stars jumping on 
us.
?
.
?
Chris.
?
- eprm_02_03.ZIP
Steve,
I submitted my evaluation. General impression was rather
negative: he seems to be a consultant type person
who speaks about everything with confidence  but is short on depth
and technical details.
He is personable, outspoken, organized - on the positive
side.
Also, the red flag is that he jumps from job to job: typical after
18-24 months when any organization can ascertain his usefulness.
Vince
Hi Vince,
what did you think of David Hsu?
My thoughts.
Overall a good guy. Personable. Intelligent.
He could communicate reasonably well, but seemed to be capable of losing 
objectivity in favour of technical advancement.
He didn't seem comfortable with taking a man-management role (at least he 
didn't want to be an 'administrator')
He appeared to know a lot about risk. (In fact Jay Web called me to say he 
felt David was one of the better risk guys he had seen but also commented 
that he needed to be coupled with a project manager to be successfull).
Steve
Mike,
Please check with Alison. She sent  the  form again.
I think she lost  what you sent her.
Vince
Hi
taylorci@pjm.com@pjm.com on 10/06/2000 07:58:06 AM
Please respond to taylorci@pjm.com
Sent by: owner-pjm-customer-info@pjm.com
Message sent from the pjm-customer-info mailing list at 
pjm-customer-info@majordomo.pjm.com:
PJM is currently experiencing difficulty with the on-line presentation of the
PJM Manuals.
While we are resolving the problem, an alternate method of reaching the 
Manuals
has been created. This alternate has been arranged so that requests from the 
PJM
Web Page will automatically use this method. Resultantly, the Adobe Acrobat
version of the PJM Manuals can still be accessed from the PJM Web Page.
Other methods of reaching the Manuals will not function properly. Please use
either the PJM Web Page or the following link:
Please DO NOT REPLY to this message. If you have a question for PJM Customer
Relations and Training, please send an e-mail to custsvc@pjm.com.
To unsubscribe from this list, send an e-mail to majordomo@majordomo.pjm.com
containing only the following line in the body of the e-mail:
unsubscribe pjm-customer-info
Maureen,
Any interest?
Vince
Attached is the resume of Mark Giancola.  Mark is the husband of Penny Pan, a 
UVa business school student for whom I was mentor last summer.  Penny has 
suitable employment in Houston.  As you will see from his resume, Mark has 
worked as an economist in the public and private sectors for the past 2.5 
years.    Mark is interested in a role where he can use his abilities to 
analyze political, credit currency and related risks.  Please let me know if 
you have any interest.  Thanks, Rich
John:  Is there a place here in EnronCredit.com?
Penny mentioned that you might have some ideas about job opportunities
in Houston for someone with my background.  As you know, Penny was
pleased to receive an offer from Enron and I plan to earnestly look into
the Houston job market myself.
The weeks leading up to the annual IMF/World Bank meetings are one of
the busiest times of year for us, but now that they are over I have had a
chance to update my resume (attached).  I would be grateful if you
would take a look and pass it on to anyone you think might be interested.
As you will see, most of my background is policy related, and most
recently international economic policy.  However the skills I have
developed have applicability in the private sector as well.  For example, a
large part of my job at the Treasury involves sovereign risk analysis.
Two possible avenues I see for building on this knowledge are: 1)
applying my knowledge to decisions regarding allocation of global
financial assets; or 2) identifying risks facing a mutinational company and
developing strategies to reduce that risk.
I should mention that in addition to my economics training I do understand
basic finance, and I am preparing to begin the CFA.  I should also note
that the work environment here at the Treasury is quite fast paced, with
constant deadlines and a great deal of pressure placed on economists.  I
tend to work 55+ hours per week so I do not expect I would need to
adjust signifiantly if I were to move to the private sector.
I greatly appreciate your taking the time to look at my resume and giving
some thought to where I might look.  I welcome any comments and ideas
you might have.
Thanks,
Mark Giancola
p.s. the formatting on my resume seems to change whenever I e-mail it;
let me know if you prefer that I fax it to you.
- RESUME8.DOC
Nick Bambos  Vince,
I have managed to change my ticket and we can meet for dinner on Sunday 
10/15/00.
Shall we say at 7pm?
>>>Giuseppe: Can you please join us for dinner on Sunday 10/15. We'd like to 
briefly
discuss the project too. Could I please ask you to make reservations for 3 at
Il Fornaio or some other nice place in Palo Alto? Preferably a quiet place 
where
we can talk 
Thanks,
Nick
Vince.J.Kaminski@ wrote: