Sorry Nella, I replied a while ago directly to Rob Milnthorp
Gentlemen, on July 25th I had forwarded to you a memo and the results of the second quarter soft targets for Enron Americas.  I have not heard back from you with respect to the accuracy of the information in the reports.  Could you kindly let me know if changes should be made to these reports in order that I may forward our corrected information to Houston.
, Nella
As a policy we only provide this info to customers who do business with us 
John,
My neighbour is an equity trader with Peters & Co. and is looking to get a morning commentary on the naural gas market. Do we have anybody in the office who provides this sort of information ? Let me know.
Thanks,
John
yes
John,
Are we papering ECC's financial trades with BP Corporation North America (BPCNA) under the ISDA that we have between ENA and BPCNA and just back to backing our trades between ENA and ECC???  I am not trying to be a pain in the butt...but... I just want to make sure we are covered.  Please advise.
Wendy
No problem.  Just arrange it with Angela.
I was looking in to the up-coming training sessions for the new etag system that OATI is rolling out on October 25, 2001.  They have two different training sessions, a one day workshop that is for experienced users and does not include any hands-on training, and a two day training session that includes hands-on training.  The two day session however, includes a second day of training on NERC Policy 9 regarding congestion management that may not be overly important to Calgary operations.
OATI says that version 1.7 is drastically different from the current software and training is highly recommended.  I was thinking that it would be a good idea to send one of us to the 2-day training session and then that person could pass on the information to the other 3.  I think, by the sounds of it, we would only need to attend one day since the second day deals with the NERC policy for the eastern interconnect only.
There is a training session that runs on October 1-2 in Minneapolis.  I am off those days, and would be more then happy to attend.  I can take care of all the registration and travel planning with Angela if you would like.
The cost of the session is $250 for 2 days, or $150 for the first day only.  There are only 8 spots left for this session.
Let me know what you think.
Mike
Can you re-activate the Alberta Power Pool Access to EnronOnline.  Although this entity doesn't trade, it is important that they have access to the Alberta Gas and
Alberta Power product for view only.  This is a government entity that controls important gas generators in the province. They use our info about AECO gas in dispatching these units and they are an advocate for electricity trading in the province.  Therefore, they need to see the Alberta Power market data on EOL.
Thank You 
John Zufferli
Derek,
Can you help us out, our guest access expired.
I somehow don't have John's card, so I thought I'd try you.
Please advise.
Cheryl
Attention:	Power Pool of Alberta
Kenneth Burgoyne
Thank you for requesting guest access to EnronOnline.  Unfortunately, we
are unable to give you guest access at this time. EnronOnline is
exclusively for those companies who can transact wholesale energy
commodities and related products on their own behalf.
If you do transact wholesale energy commodities on your own behalf,
please feel free to contact our Call Center at 713-853-HELP (4357).
Sincerely,
Kathy Moore
EnronOnline
Looks right
August 16 @ 12:24 on United 1104?
Dave
Do you have our flight info?
John,
Thanks for the offer of the back seat (or was it the trunk?) of your rental car from Denver. I'd like to take you up on it.
I'll meet you and Kyle at the Calgary airport on the 16th.
See you then,
Dave
I didn't see accumap added to the new list that was sent by chris behney,
the nova, oasis and power pool of alberta accounts that were added in yellow were inappropriately added as these are 
not data sources that require purchasing, they are simply accounts to set-up much like a membership account
Untitled Attachment 
Clare and Derek Davies welcomed the arrival of their second son. 
Alex Davies was born Sunday, August 5th at 4:50am, he is  7lb  12oz and 50 cm in length. Everyone is doing well. 
Do you have our flight info?
John,
Thanks for the offer of the back seat (or was it the trunk?) of your rental car from Denver. I'd like to take you up on it.
I'll meet you and Kyle at the Calgary airport on the 16th.
See you then,
Dave
Call us from London when youget there
Hey guys,
Sad day.  Monitor North America is laying off people today -- ali got fired this
morning (he was intending to come back to work this month)
Anyway, it happened fairly quickly and without notice.  My job is safe for now,
but who knows.  I'm going to start looking
around I guess...not sure at what.  Ali's not sure what to do -- maybe apply for
an MBA program.  John -- would you
be able to give him pointers on what he should include for a Uof Chicago
application?
I'm going to see mom tonight in London.  Her surgery is tomorrow, and she's
pretty nervous.  This is just working out to be
a fantastic week.
Liv
Jason can you make a power point slide with the following spreadsheet.  Just use the number of trades and volume of trade columns (i.e. the first two)
can you update slides 13-16 as of end of July
We should make reservations for:
John Lavorato
Rob Milnthorp
Derek Davies
John Zufferli
Eric LeDain
John MacKay
Chris Lambie
John Disturnal
Mike Cowan
I am sure that John Lavorato will want to see a presentation for the Alberta Power Fundamentals.  To save the hassle of develop powerpoint slides.  Is there a way
that we can simply tie a projector to the computer and run it off of our website.  Additionally, can you enter the new known generation in the database. I am sure that he will want to see this as well.  He will be in the office on Wed afternoon.
these are all ok
John,
We are working on an EnronOnline Website Audit.  We have noticed that many traders have duplicate ID's and are not using some of them.  In an effort to reduce risk, we would like to inactivate all ID's that are no longer valid for traders.  Please note that inactivating these ID's will not effect matrix trades.  Please review the following information and let us know if these are valid books and ID's.
Canada-Power-Basis book
User ID:  ADM53947
Canada-Power-GD book
User ID:  ADM26160
ECC Canada Power book
User ID:  ADM41651
Enron Canada Power book
User ID:  ADM21625
HedgeCDN book
User ID:  ADM46053
HedgeUS book
User ID:  ADM32569
Thank you,
Karen O'Day
EnronOnline
713-345-4135
The balancing pool committed in the their beginning of year release to dispatch Milner as follows:
70 MW @ $0
50 MW @ $35.49
Milner has been down for maintenance until recently.
Since coming back from maintenace, the 50 MW block @ $35.49 has disappeared.  We analyzed the offer stack and it appears
that Milner has the full 120 MW @ $0
I called Doug Heath to discuss this.  He hasn't called me back. 
The issue I raised last week about Sherness dispatch is OK. I received a justified answer.  However, this Milner issue is harder for th pool to defend.
Can we pursue this.
Thanks
John
unsubscribe pjm-customer-info
one thing, we should wait before we dole out all 250 until we hear from others
I was talking to John Lavorato just this morning and he said that he e-mailed you a memo that described the topics that he wanted to talk about next week. 
Do you have a copy of that?
John, you will see that a number of topics that Lavo wanted to cover with you and your trading group can be illustrated through the use of the performance metrics that are being put together. You may want to use these v. creating new ones.
We should have everything except the Profitability vs VAR report.  I am working with Frank Hayden in Houston on this, but we may not have it next week.  Let me know if that's a problem.
Thanks
Peg
Peggy, Grant: I would like to use the performance metrics when Lavorato is here next week (august 9/10). Will they be in final form by then. pls advise. thx
oops, forgot you in my initial mailout John 
Can you look at this and see if it makes any sense.  Have you seen this before?  This came from Houston - I'm not sure it's the same one that the UK is working on but I should find out more next week  
I am interested
Jose Marquez will be in the office on Friday to give Weather Tutorials. We will be having one in the morning and one in the afternoon. Times will follow shortly.
If you are interested please let me know.
Mya Johnsen
Enron Canada Corp.
phone: (403) 974-6729
fax: (403) 974-6706
Looks pretty cool.  I think we can use it
oops, forgot you in my initial mailout John 
Can you look at this and see if it makes any sense.  Have you seen this before?  This came from Houston - I'm not sure it's the same one that the UK is working on but I should find out more next week  
I recognize that Aug 17 is Jason Garvey's last day, I am fine with that date.
Karim , this is the deal that I was talking about this morning.  Albert is saying that it should have appeared in Friday's P&L.  Can you check this with him and let my know today.  When you said it was in tonights P&L, I think Albert was talking about the Telus deal not the Cisson deal.
Here is the latest Enron Direct deal that was previously entered.  The total volumes is about 5700 Mwh, and the P&L impact is about positive 53K.  If you have any questions, please let me know 
Albert.
It didn't, check with Karim and let me know today.
Thanks
The sisson deal should have appeared on Friday.  The value may have changed, but it should have showed up on Friday's Calc 
AL
Will the Telus and Cisson deal appear tonight?  Because I haven't seen the Cisson deal of +53K yet?
Hello.  Here is the Enron Direct Deal (Telus Convention Center) that was done on July 27.  This deal will show up on tonight's calculation.  If you have any questions, please call me. 
Albert.
Will the Telus and Cisson deal appear tonight?  Because I haven't seen the Cisson deal of +53K yet?
Hello.  Here is the Enron Direct Deal (Telus Convention Center) that was done on July 27.  This deal will show up on tonight's calculation.  If you have any questions, please call me. 
Albert.
Not really, maybe 0.5 HR in Aug only, rest in unchanged
I understand that prompt (aug)  east power is coming off drastically and implied heat rates are coming in.  Are you also seeing this in West?
Frank
who at UBS should we talk to?
The contracts might have been from Calgary, I just don't know if anyone from Calgary is talking with the contracts group from UBS?
Does anyone know?
Danielle
1 user of accumap
I'll look into the other issues, I just thought that you may know who may be handling it, we may just do it directly from Calgary
John:
I have not found anyone who was trying to renew these contracts.  I am meeting with IHS on Thursday so I will make sure we add Accumap.  How many user of Accumap will you need?  I will forward the cost to you prior to sending the contracts to UBS 
Do you know who managed the contracts with NOVA, Power Pool of Alberta, OASIS or ESBI so that I can gather contact information and begin the contract management of these applications.
Thanks,
Danielle  
I have no knowledge of anyone looking into the resources listed.
Chris
Chris / Lloyd:
To answer John's question do you know if anyone is looking into NOVA, Power Pool of Alberta, OASIS, or ESBI 
Thanks,
Danielle
Danielle, in general we need everything that Houston gets in addition to the info that is listed as Calgary on your spreadsheet.  One information source in not listed on your sheet.
IHS Accumap		Priority 2	Contact: Carmen (403) 770-4503 phone, (403) 874-4218 cell
Can you tell me if anyone in Houston is working on setting up accounts with NOVA, Power Pool of Alberta, OASIS, ESBI?  These are gas and power related entities that we have to have accounts with the schedule physical gas and electricity.
John:
Here are the contracts we are currently creating with UBS.  Please verify that we have not missed any applications/publications or subscriptions 
Highlight in Red the systems you will need and mark the priority from 1-5,  1 being critical.
Thank you,
Danielle 
sure
Guys, are you interested in attending this meeting.  If you are, please let me know.
, Nella
The above-captioned meeting/presentation scheduled in August has been cancelled and is now scheduled for Monday, September 10, 2001 at noon (lunch will be provided).  Murray Greenberg of Financial Dynamics will be giving the presentation.
Again, could you please let me know if you are available at this new time and date 
, Nella
Kevin Rome of Financial Dynamics is available to attend our office on Wednesday, August 29th at 3:30 pm to give a presentation on financial structures, innovative solutions to tax, retirement and other financial planning issues.
Please let me know if you are available at this time and date to attend this presentation.
, Nella
Good afternoon, all 
We are exploring ways to assist you with your financial planning needs and have asked a financial planner to meet with you 'en masse' to discuss financial structures that are out of the norm - innovative solutions to tax, retirement and other financial planning issues.  His name is Murray Greenberg and he's associated with the firm, Financial Dynamics.  Murray has extensive experience dealing with senior managers at companies that include Northstar Energy, Deloitte & Touche and Toronto Dominion. 
If, as a result of this meeting, you are interested in what Murray has to offer - you may approach him individually and arrange for personal financial planning.  You are responsible for any fees associated with future arrangements.
Please let me know if you are interested in attending this meeting or if you would like further information.  Nella and I will pull together some potential meeting dates within the next 2 weeks.
Thanks 
From the beginning of the year to July 25
No of Trades:		1247
MWH:			6,537,273
Notional Value:		CDN$ 570,602,236
Counterparties (10):	Aquila Canada
Conoco Canada
Duke Energy Marketing Ltd
Dynegy Canada
El Paso Merchant Energy
Engage Canada
Enmax Energy Corp
Idaho Power Company
TransAlta Energy Marketing
TransCanada Energy Financial Products
My wife and I will be there
You and your guest are cordially invite for a Power Group Dinner
Saturday, August 4th, 2001
@
La Dolce Vita Ristorante
916 - 1st Avenue NE
Cocktails at 6:00 p.m.
Dinner at 6:30 p.m.
Reservations are under Enron - Private Dining Room Upstairs
Please RSVP to Angela.McCulloch@ ASAP
Angela McCulloch
Enron Canada Corp.
Phone: (403) 974-6738
Fax: (403) 974-6991
I'll be there
Friendly reminder.
Kindly confirm your availability to attend an Analyst and Associate Recruiting Meeting scheduled for Thursday, July 26th at 2:00 p.m. (4:00 p.m. Toronto time).  This meeting should not take more than one hour.  The Toronto office will be video conferenced in.
, Nella
Thanks for making the changes on the P&L and fixed price positions report.  Can you also change the natural gas basis position by trader report from MacKay to Lambie?
This is to confirm our recruiting meeting tomorrow, Thursday, July 26 at 2:00 pm (4:00pm in Toronto) in the videoconference room.  Please review attached agenda and associated background and bring to the meeting: 
Does this resume interest you?
John: as requested here is a copy of my resume.  I am looking for a
sales/marketing position with your power or gas group. Thanks and I will
follow-up with you shortly.
Cathy
- Resume.doc 
Congrats, Harvard is OK not as good as Chicago though. Just joking
John,
I got into Harvard last week!  Jim had Skilling write a letter and I got in.  Kristen and I are now making the big move and will be busy moving to Boston.  I will forward my info to you guys soon.  Unfortunately, this means that we cannot make it up to see you guys this summer, but we will try sometime in the spring.  Hope all is well.
John
Can you change John MacKay's name in the Natural Gas Fixed Price Positions by Trader, Natural Gas Basis Positions by Trader, Natural Gas P&L to Chris Lambie.
John is being relocated to Houston and Chris Lambie is now in charge of the Alberta Gas Term Desk.  Additionally, can you merge the P&L under  MacKay and
Add. Trading into one line item and call it Lambie. Therefore Lambie should be (41,480) as of yesterday's report.
I won't have it until tomorrow morning because of a deal entry error in my 2002 position
john,
could you please send me the report for the week.
thanks
k
when? i am free anytime this aft
Guys, I got the following approved by Whalley. We should sit down and discuss next steps asap
Greg/Louise - I would like your approval for a pool of $$$ to try to get all of the outstanding commercial staff in Canada signed. I would like approval for up to U.S. $250K/$250K to sign up the following "hold-outs":
1) Howard Sangwine
2) Grant Oh
3) Dean Drozdiak
4) Garrett Tripp
5) Steve Burnham
6) Lon Draper
Each of the above are highly marketable and have competing offers in hand. They have also been talking to their U.S. counterparts and know that there are funds available. Please advise. 
Lance Armstrong