here is the file from last night.
PL
Please change the book coding on this log in to FT-Peoples.  Thanks.
PL
IF ANR/OK
Do you want to go over to the game in two weeks?  I got four tickets - 2 for 
your brother and 1 for me.  Ashley is staying home.  Let me know.
PL
Russ Severson
03/29/2001 03:20 PM
FYI   Most of the deals are at NBPL/Peoples
Russ Severson
03/29/2001 03:16 PM
If these are new curves today, they will not show up in CPR until 6:30 am 
tomorrow.
This is the list of deals at the 2 locations.
Phillip M Love
03/29/2001 02:33 PM
Can you set up a mid for all deals at a location of NBPL/Peoples and 
PGLC/NBPL.  The intramonth curve Chi./N/Border and the gas daily curve is 
GDC-Chi./N/Bord.  Can you tell me how many deals are currently in the system 
for these two locations.  Sorry to rush you, but I need these in for calcing 
tonight.  Thanks.
PL
3-7376
Can you set up a mid for all deals at a location of NBPL/Peoples and 
PGLC/NBPL.  The intramonth curve Chi./N/Border and the gas daily curve is 
GDC-Chi./N/Bord.  Can you tell me how many deals are currently in the system 
for these two locations.  Sorry to rush you, but I need these in for calcing 
tonight.  Thanks.
PL
3-7376
The information you needed for 1100, roughly 310K, should be a firm book 
variance as well on the other side.  Portfolio accounting should have a 
variance that offsets this(hopefully we have not already taken it, I will 
look).  This means you will not have any actuals on it for FRED.  I will 
start looking for dec info you just requested.
PL
Here is the file from last night.  Shout with any questions.  Thanks.
PL
3-7376
Flip these asap.
PL
Jeffrey C Gossett
03/28/2001 12:55 PM
Stacey Vallejo
03/28/2001 12:51 PM
Hi guys,
Here is a list of the deals that I've come across in the different books that 
still need to be flipped to the P& book by the end of today.
FT-CENT 
QU4059.1
FT-NORTHWEST
FT-ONTARIO
FT-WEST
GD-CENTRAL
NG-EXOTIC
QY3631.1
NG-PRICE
These were the only books that I found deals to be flipped.  I was looking 
for all deals that are to settle during March and April 2001 with ECC.  If 
you find any others that I might have missed, please flip them 
Please let me know if you have any questions on this.  Thanks for all your 
help
Stacey
I have another sitara request for someone that shows as pending to them, but 
is not on my list to approve.  This is for Maria Garza.  Please grant the 
access requested in this number.  Thanks.  any questions 3-7376
PL
I have previously approved this request for chuck ames.  It appears this 
request is in limbo somewhere in the system.  Please grant him access per 
this request for Sitara.  Should you have any questions or need further 
assistance, please give me a call 3-7376.
PL
Here is the file updated with orig through 3/27/01.  Please let me know if 
you do not want to continue to get this email each day we have granted orig Thanks.
PL
I have been meaning to email you all day.  I  have been extremely busy as 
wel.  I am sorry to hear that.  Ashley and I were looking forward to going 
out to dinner with you guys on Saturday.  Maybe we will call your folks and 
see if they would like to go out for your dad's bday.  I will have to give 
him a call tomorrow to wish him happy birthday.  Do you have his number at 
work or an email at work?  Thanks.
We look forward to seeing you soon.  Take care.
PL
FYI
Per Jeff Gossett,
Going forward,  we will be ordering lunch for the 1rst business day of each 
month.  So, we will have lunch brought in on this coming Monday, April 2 
Thank you
Please see below.  Thanks for your help.
PL
Phillip M Love
03/27/2001 01:29 PM
Would you mind setting this guy up for us to interview ASAP.  Darron, Kam, 
Dave, Errol and myself.  Thanks.
PL
Here's an Auburn boy for you.  What do you think?
Dave
RISK ANALYST
Dan Thibaut
Security Specialist - Information Security
Enron Broadband Services
727 North Shepherd Dr.
Houston, TX 77007
Phone (713) 293-8127
Would you mind setting this guy up for us to interview ASAP.  Darron, Kam, 
Dave, Errol and myself.  Thanks.
PL
Here's an Auburn boy for you.  What do you think?
Dave
RISK ANALYST
Dan Thibaut
Security Specialist - Information Security
Enron Broadband Services
727 North Shepherd Dr.
Houston, TX 77007
Phone (713) 293-8127
Thanks for your help great one.
PL
Don't worry about it, it is too late in the day anyway and he leaves the 
office around 4 - 4:30
PL
Happy Birthday old man.  I am not sure if my voice mail will make it to you(I 
got some weird instructions), so I thought I would cover my bases.  I have 
been real busy at work and did not mail your gift until Friday.  It will be a 
few days late - sorry.  Hope you enjoyed your bachelor time this weekend Can't beat peace and quiet.  Talk to you soon.
PL
We can always count on you to at least give us one on the error report.
PL
What is going on man?  Any more news on the dilemma we discussed a few weeks 
ago?  Just curios.  Hope things are going good for you.
PL
1-800-97- ENRON Ext 3-7376
No changes for me - Sithe.
PL
Attached is the updated scores.  Please check your scores to verify 
accuracy.  As the scores stand now, Joey will win no matter what and the 
second place race is between Chuck and Wolfe.  If Arizona loses, Wolfe takes 
second and if Arizona wins, it goes to the tiebreaker.  The rest of us are 
out of it.  If you have 0 all the way out, it means you do not have any teams 
remaining.  By the way - nice score Lenhart(we will see if we can get you a 
charitable deduction for your $10).
PL
FYI, it may be wise to run a few of your macros from Jeff's machine.  I would 
just see if it runs and close without saving.
PL
Jeffrey C Gossett
03/26/2001 07:33 AM
My PC has been moved to windows 2000.  Please have everyone come test 
applications on my PC this week to make sure they work in this environment All PC's will be moved next week unless they have been notified of specific 
problems.
Thanks
Thanks again for your help.  Everything looks good.
PL
FYI
Jeffrey C Gossett
03/23/2001 02:03 PM
Dawn C Kenne
03/23/2001 01:35 PM
Jeff and Kathy,
After much testing, the logic will be placed into production this evening 
that will book the two legs for the counterparties that have master 
agreements with ECC and hit a US product.  I have had Victor Guggenheim 
review the following deals in tagg stage but you may want to review as well 
and let me know if everything looks alright.
QT8025  Dynegy Canada
QT8034  TransCanada
This logic will create the two legs for the price and basis swaps when a 
counterparty with a master agreement with ECC hits a US product.  The first 
leg will be between ECC and the external counterparty and risk assigned to 
FT-US/CAND-ERMS.  The second leg is simply the flip from FT-US/CAND-ERMS to 
the appropriate US book (the book mapped at the product level).   These 
examples illustrate this logic.  This logic is also set up for the 40+ 
counterparties that have the master agreements with ECC.
If you see any problems with the example deals or in the logic described 
above, please call me before end of business today so we can stop this from 
going into production.  Please forward to you groups to inform them of the 
change.  Please let us immediately if something is not correct on these deals 
on Monday.
Thank you,
Dawn
yeah, he finally apologized and it is water under the  bridge.  We usually 
have a heated disagreement once a year.  Talk to you soon.
PL
Bruce Mills@
03/23/2001 10:13 AM
- Technology for Country Folk.doc
What's up in the hood?  It sounds like you guys live in Compton instead of 
San Diego?  Make sure Emma starts packing when she starts kindergarten.  If 
she is strapped, she can shoot back at these SOBs.  Yet another reason Texas 
is better than Cali - we all have guns so no one shoots up schools because 
they know someone else has got heat and might put a cap in their ass 
Do you guys want me to order you Jazz Fest tickets when I order ours?  I am 
putting in an order for alot of people because if I mail order them it only 
costs $3 total as opposed to ticket master's $3 fee per ticket.  Since I am 
ordering ours this way, I can order everyone's and they only pay the ticket 
price(I eat the $3 because I am doing ours this way anyway).  The tickets are 
$15 through the mail per day as opposed to $20 at the gate and $18 through 
ticketmaster.  Let me know.  I am ordering all three days for ashley and I 
hoping we go all three days.
PL
Do you know the names of some good jazz clubs in Chicago?  I figure you spend 
so much time there you can reccomend a few to me.  I have a coworker going up 
there next month and it is their first time to chicago.  I gave them Etta 
James Place to go on rush and on the south side.  Can you think of any 
other?  Thanks.
PL
Shane.Dobbs@fctg.com on 11/16/2000 07:14:33 AM
?
?
Please only vote if you are an AUBURN  fan or REPUBLICAN!!!!!!!!!? We don't 
need democrats messing this one  up 
PLEASE ROUTE THIS TO ALL ATLANTA  AUBURN CLUB MEMBERS. VOTE FOR? RUDI FOR
THE
DOAK WALKER RUNNING BACK  OF THE YEAR AWARD (WHICH IS AWARDED VIA?  FAN
VOTING
ONLY).
RUDI IS THE ONLY SEC RUNNING BACK NOMINATED?  THIS YEAR. WHAT AN HONOR FOR
AUBURN !
BE SURE TO TAKE TIME TO  ARRANGE? THE OTHER CANDIDATES (VIA DRAG AND DROP)
SO
THAT THE  REMAINING CANDIDATES ARE? NOT STILL IN THE ORIGINAL  "ALPHABETICAL
ORDER".
RUDI HAS GIVEN? US MANY A SMILE THIS  SEASON, HAS KEPT HIS ACT CLEAN, AND
HAS
ASKED FOR? NOTHING AT ALL IN  RETURN. HE HAS SHOWN US NO "DOWNSIDE".
THIS
IS A CLASS INDIVIDUAL. NOW  IT'S OUR TURN TO GIVE SOMETHING BACK TO? RUDI
FROM HIS THOUSANDS OF  FANS.
IF YOU HAVE FRIENDS IN OTHER AUBURN? CLUBS AROUND THE USA,  PLEASE ALSO
FORWARD THIS NOTE TO THEM.
IF? SOMEONE HAS THE E-MAIL  ADDRESS OF THE NATIONAL AUBURN ALUMNI ASSN. IN
AUBURN,? PLEASE FORWARD  THIS TO THEM FOR WIDER DISTRIBUTION AMONG THE
VARIOUS
AUBURN? CLUBS  IN THE USA.
- ESPN.htm
We have made some slight changes to the orig schedule and may make a few more 
per Laura Luce, the director that is over all of the orig teams.  It is 
vitally important that we do two things with this file now.  We must fill in 
all columns on the first tab - orig schedule and we must put all orig deals 
in the schedule - even if no orig is granted.  THis policy is in effect 
starting today.  Shout with any questions.
PL
Crystal Hyde
01/29/2001 11:57 AM
Hey,
Here is the game..finally. You'll have to mess around with it and figure out 
how it works, but here it is.
sorry for taking so long, it has been a very busy week.  Where are you 
sitting these days?  I am still on 32.  Talk to you soon.
PL
Please give me a call when you get a chance to discuss the schedule I sent 
earlier.  Sylvia gave me some information she thought you might want in the 
schedule.  Thanks.
PL
3-7376
Thanks anyway.  I have some information that Darron kept on Cilco, I am still 
having trouble finding any deals for 98 that can show me we definitely did or 
did not flash these deals wrong.  I am going to keep working on it.
PL
Per Laura's request, we have modified the orig schedule for Central.  I have 
attached the revised schedule.  Please note the following changes - on the 
1st tab - orig schedule, we added a column for deal value before origination 
was granted.  We will populate this field for all new deals as of yesterday The other changes are the second tab.  The second tab provides a summary by 
originator of the total deals originated and total value originated.  We will 
update both schedules in the future for all deals originated whether value 
was originated or not.  We will then email this schedule to the three of you 
every time the schedule changes.  If you would prefer a hard copy, please let 
me know.
If there are any other changes or modifications you would like to see, please 
let me know.  Thanks.
PL
it is now done.
PL
Please run a forwards detail on your books and email me if you have any value 
for these counterparties as of 12/29/01.  Jad we will do yours together.
Thanks.
PL
Jeffrey C Gossett
03/21/2001 09:54 AM
Two more counterparties need MTM values for Dec. 29, 2000.
The Tudor BVI global portfolio
Osprey Portfolio Group
Please provide the total MTM value for that date within your region.
Thanks
Price is changed.  Geoff Storey did not want to argue with counterparty.
PL
sounds good to me to tsf.
PL
Where are these being transferred from?  I only have the december forms.
PL
FYI
The broker Amerex is no longer under the short name of AMERX in deal 
capture.  From this point on, the short name is AMERG, which stands for 
Amerex Natural Gas, Ltd.  AMERX will now default to Amerex Petroleum, which 
is incorrect.  Also, the broker Spectron is no longer SPECT.  The new short 
name is SPECI, which stands for Spectron Energy, Inc. 
If you have any questions, please let me know.
Thanks,
Patrick Mulvany
Here are the physical postids for all books on the central desk
Midcon North
1075816
1075821
Midcon South
1075817
1075822
Peoples
868544
1076750
Sithe
1075694
1075695
Central Gulf
1075088
1075090
Gulf NGPL
1075087
1075089
Mkt Mich
1075612
1075613
Mkt CG
1075844
1075845
IM- Ontario
1075194
1075195
1075196
Central Transport
1075204
1075205
If you need anything else, let me know.  Thanks
PL
I opened the file I sent you and it was filled out. I will try again, let me 
know if you still have it as blank.
PL
What email are you talking about?  I don't recall being ugly at all to you Please paraphrase want ticked you off.
Things are going great, unfortunately still working too much, but just got 
back from Vegas with some extra cash 
How is the baby?
PL
I have you as paid.  There are two sheets on the file, when I sorted by score 
I did not highlight the paid column.  Only the people's name on the email owe 
money.  I will add Rob Fuller to the list.
PL
here is the file you requested.  Thanks for your help.
PL
We will be here for Easter.  I am off work on that good friday, it is a nymex 
holiday, so we can hang out.  Give me a shout.  Looking forward to it.  Did 
Jason go to Vegas this weekend?  I thought you had said he was going.  I had 
a blast, won about $650.  Talk to you soon.
PL
I hope you know I am sending these to you in jest.  I think it is funny.  In 
all seriousness, good luck this weekend.  Even with your record, I am 
nervous PL
What about toomer's corner after an Auburn victory?
This is absolutely hilarious.  We checked it out on Nike's website and it 
appears to be legitimate.
PL
tavp3f.39ar.37kbi73 for  -0500 (EST)
?
Hi 
If you've aleady received this, my  apologies. On the other hand, if not, 
please read and forward around the world. 
Nike now lets you personalize your shoes by submitting a word or  phrase 
which they will stitch onto your shoes, under the  swoosh. So Jonah 
Peretti 
filled  out the form and sent them $50 to stitch "sweatshop" onto his 
shoes. 
Here's the responses he got... fun and games with Nike 
Your NIKE iD order was cancelled for one or more of the  following 
reasons: 
1) Your Personal iD contains another party's trademark  
2) Your Personal iD contains the name of an athlete or team we  do not 
have 
the legal right to  use 
3) Your Personal iD was left blank. Did you not want  any 
personalization? 
4) Your  Personal iD contains profanity or inappropriate slang, and 
besides, 
your mother would slap us If you wish to reorder your NIKE iD product with a new  personalization 
please visit us again at  www.nike.com 
Thank you, NIKE iD 
Greetings, 
My order was canceled but my personal NIKE iD does not violate  any of 
the 
criteria outlined in  your message. The Personal iD on my custom ZOOM XC 
USA 
running shoes was the word  "sweatshop Sweatshop is not: 
1) another's party's trademark, 
2) the name of an  athlete, 
3) blank, or 
4)  profanity. 
I choose the iD because I wanted to remember the toil and labor  of the 
children that made my shoes. Could you please  ship them to me 
immediately. 
Thanks and Happy New Year, Jonah Peretti 
Dear NIKE iD Customer, 
Your NIKE iD order was cancelled because the iD you have  chosen 
contains, as 
stated in  the previous e-mail correspondence, "inappropriate slang If you wish to reorder your NIKE iD product with a new  personalization 
please visit us again at nike.com  
Thank you, NIKE iD 
Dear NIKE iD, 
Thank you for your quick response to my inquiry about my custom  ZOOM XC 
USA 
running shoes.  Although I commend you for your prompt customer service, 
I 
disagree with the claim that my personal iD  was 
inappropriate slang. After consulting Webster's  Dictionary, I discovered 
that "sweatshop" is in fact part of standard English, and not  slang. 
The word means: "a shop or factory in which workers are employed  for 
long 
hours at low wages and  under unhealthy conditions" and its origin dates 
from  1892. So my personal iD does meet the criteria detailed in your 
first 
email. 
Your web site advertises that the NIKE iD program is "about  freedom to 
choose and freedom to express who you are." I  share Nike's love of 
freedom 
and  personal expression. The site also says that "If you want it 
done right...build it yourself." I was thrilled to be able to build  my 
own 
shoes, and my personal iD  was offered as a small token of appreciation 
for  
the sweatshop workers poised to help me realize my vision. I  hope that 
you 
will value my  freedom of expression and reconsider your decision to 
reject 
my order. 
Thank you, Jonah Peretti 
Dear NIKE iD Customer, 
Regarding the rules for personalization it also states on the  NIKE iD 
web 
site that "Nike  reserves the right to cancel any personal iD up to 24 
hours 
after it has been submitted". In addition,  it further explains: "While 
we 
honor most personal iDs, we cannot honor every one. 
Some may be (or contain) other's trademarks, or the names of  certain 
professional sports teams, athletes or  celebrities that Nike does not 
have 
the right to use. Others may contain material that we consider  
inappropriate or simply do not want to place on our  products. 
Unfortunately, at times this obliges us to  decline personal iDs that may 
otherwise seem unobjectionable. In any event, we will let you  know if we 
decline your personal iD, and we will offer you the chance to  submit 
another." With these rules in mind, we cannot  accept your order as 
submitted. If you wish to reorder  your NIKE iD product with a new 
personalization please  visit us again at www.nike.com 
Thank you, NIKE iD 
Dear NIKE iD, 
Thank you for the time and energy you have spent on my request.  I have 
decided to order the shoes with a different iD,  but I would like to make 
one 
small request. Could you please send me a color snapshot of the  
ten-year-old Vietnamese girl who makes my shoes? 
Thanks, 
Jonah Peretti 
As one forwarder writes: 
... this will now go round the world much farther and faster  than any of 
the 
adverts they  paid Michael Jordan more than the entire wage packet of all 
their sweatshop workers in the world to do 
I normally avoid making a plea to pass on these things but this time I say: 
JUST DO IT 
________________________________________________________________  
GET INTERNET ACCESS FROM JUNO! 
Juno  offers FREE or PREMIUM Internet access for less! 
Join  Juno today!? For your FREE software, visit: 
Sorry it has taken so long to get the scores out.  After 4 days in Vegas, 
please check your scores - I am still in a daze.  Kansas - please forward 
attachment to your friend Kris, Denver forward to Josh Stevens and John 
Swinney please forward to Rob Fullen.  Here are the list of people I still 
need money from:
Josh Stevens
Denver Plachy
Jimmy Simien
Eric Bass
Flannigan
Jason Wolfe
Money must be to me by COB Wednesday or your entry is forfeited(if your score 
is bad and you do not pay I will not put you in any pool in the future).
Right now the pot is $410(assuming everyone pays) so the break down is 
$307.50 and $102.50 for first and second respectively 
The following people need to give me a tiebreaker number for the final game 
by COB Today(total score for final game):
Jason Wolfe
Denver Plachy
Scott Earnest
Chad South
Doug Friedman
John Nowlan
Lee Jackson
John Swinney
Rob Fullen
Josh Stevens
If I do not get a tiebreaker from you and you tie for first, you will 
automatically get second and if you tie for second you are out of the money 
Again, please verify your score and let me know of any discrepancies - 1 pt. 
first round victory, 2 pts. second round victory and upset gets seed 
differential.
Thanks everyone for playing.
PL
3-7376
We got them, the guy next to me was collecting and found them, I will send 
out an email later this morning with the scores.
PL
demand charge for #444771.
PL
FYI-
We need to be more careful with which of the two curves above we use for 
physical deals.  We have had some substantial OA for Jan 01 production 
because the basis curves for these two locations were .30 different.  Usually 
these are less than .05 different.  If you have a physical mich physical it 
should be Mich_cg-gd in tagg(which is michigan consolidated pipe in sitara if it is consumers power, it will be mich/cons and cec pipe in sitara.  Any 
questions, ask.  Thanks.
PL
If your name is in the right hand column, please rebook as indicated by 
Credit.
Thanks.
Julie Brewer
Here it is.  Thanks.
PL
I got the form from John with a note on it about lone liquidations.  This 
relates to a physical deal and I thought we went over the specifics 
yesterday.  This relates to 309136 for jan and 594576 for the remainder This is a structured deal with John Griffith and we were unwinding a previous 
deal for 1/01-12/01, the remaining original term stayed intact.  It appears 
you are missing some liquidations that would remove this variance.  They are 
E00982.4 &.5 
Please let me know if you have any more questions, this deal is a real pain 
in the butt.
PL
QD7537.2 & .4 - #514468
PL
Shane.Dobbs@fctg.com on 11/15/2000 10:07:12 AM
OK Here's the demographics on the south Florida voter 
They can play 10 
bingo cards at a time and not miss a number. 
They can juggle 53 numbers and pick 6 for the Florida Lotto, as 
well 
as select their Pick 3, Fantasy Five, and Mega Ball numbers. 
They can read 5 papers, 4 scratch sheets, and handicap 3 horses in 
the 
Tri-fecta at the horse race. 
They can spot a shanked golf ball in an acre of elephant grass 
300 
yards away. 
They can eyeball a non-resident in a 1,000-unit subdivision at 
200 
yds. 
They can report a scarred manatee at 10 fathoms to the 
Greenpeace 
hotline. 
They can take 37 different colored pills every 
morning and never mess 
it up. 
But they can't read a 4-line 
ballot both published in the newspaper AND 
mailed to them a week in advance and pick one candidate 
You 
figure it out 
Suddenly Florida makes Alabama and 
Mississippi look like geniuses 
? 
? 
"COME 
TO FLORIDA - The NEW Alabama 
? 
- ATT15077.htm
FYI
Jeffrey C Gossett
03/14/2001 07:19 AM
Dawn C Kenne
03/13/2001 06:20 PM
In order for EOL to support the Broker Client Application, we are requesting 
that EOL be removed from the broker field in Tagg on all previous EOL 
transactions.  We would like this "sweep" to be performed on Thursday 
evening, if possible.  What this means to end users is that they will no 
longer be able to query on the broker field to find EOL deals in Tagg.  The 
only way to search for EOL deals in the future will be to query on the EOL 
transaction number.
Please communicate this new procedure to your groups.  Also, I don't know if 
Ron/Joe cover the Canada confirmations, if not, please let me know who the 
confirmations contact is in Canada. 
Jeremy/Ron, please let me know if Thursday evening works for you to clean out 
the broker field.
Thank
FYI
Jeffrey C Gossett
03/14/2001 07:19 AM
Dawn C Kenne
03/13/2001 06:20 PM
In order for EOL to support the Broker Client Application, we are requesting 
that EOL be removed from the broker field in Tagg on all previous EOL 
transactions.  We would like this "sweep" to be performed on Thursday 
evening, if possible.  What this means to end users is that they will no 
longer be able to query on the broker field to find EOL deals in Tagg.  The 
only way to search for EOL deals in the future will be to query on the EOL 
transaction number.
Please communicate this new procedure to your groups.  Also, I don't know if 
Ron/Joe cover the Canada confirmations, if not, please let me know who the 
confirmations contact is in Canada. 
Jeremy/Ron, please let me know if Thursday evening works for you to clean out 
the broker field.
Thank
IF-NNG TOK is a derived curve.  It is based off of IF WAHA TX.  That appears 
to have moved considerably in the last month.  Shout with any more 
questions.  Thanks.
PL
please send this info to Shirley for Darron since he is out.  Thanks.
PL
Team -
Please provide me your list of names for each trader that should have "View 
Access" for your region on the Trader web-site to be developed.  If you also 
need "Update Access, in addition to view access" please provide a separate 
list for those as well. 
Please send me your lists by end of day tomorrow (Wed, 3/14) if possible, or 
let me know when you can provide the information.  Thank you for your help!!
Shirley
don't forget kam.
PL
As Marina and I discussed this morning, accounting requests that we 
officialize several books weeks after they have been calced in order for them 
to run reports.  We do not officialize these post ids daily for two reasons: 
1) The deals in these post ids are related to transport hedges that are 
captured in our transport model(not in ERMS).  If we were to officialize 
these post ids and report them on the VAR, we would then be only capturing 
half of the picture, since the transport model in our P&L is not in ERMS.  2) 
All of the deals in these books are book to book and do not involve third 
parties 
To keep this action from disrupting your group, the risk leads will forward 
an email to you when we officialize these post ids at accounting's request The following is the list Rachel Crowell in Acctg. asked us to officialize on 
3/12/01:
1054100
1054684
1054685
1054686
1054689
1055194
1055195
1055196
Please shout with any questions, thanks.
PL
please verify none of these are ours.
PL
Counterparty     TAGG Action Amoco Oil Company    qW3725.1 Rebook to BP Amoco Corporation
qW4703.1 Rebook to BP Amoco Corporation
qW5571.1 Rebook to BP Amoco Corporation
qW5749.1  Rebook to BP Amoco Corporation
BP Exploration & Oil Inc.   qW4759.1 Pending Russell Diamond
qW4826.1 Pending Russell Diamond
qW4826.2 Pending Russell Diamond
CNG Appalachian    qB8841.8 Pending Rudwell Johnson
qB8841.9 Pending Rudwell Johnson
qW5776.1 Pending Rudwell Johnson
qW5776.2 Pending Rudwell Johnson
qW5776.3 Pending Rudwell Johnson
Coral Energy Resources, L.P.   qW4526.1 Rebook to Coral Energy Holding, L.P.
Landmark Chemicals S.A.   qW4497.1 Pending Brant Reves
qW4610.1 Pending Brant Reves
New Counterparty    qW5666.1 Pending Jay Williams
Virginia Electric and Power Co   qW4363.1 Rebook to Virginia Power Energy 
Marketing, Inc.
WWF Paper National    qW5772.1 Rebook to WWF Paper Corporation
Williams Natural Gas Company   qW5417.1 Rebook to Williams Energy Marketing Trading Company
Would you mind setting up an interview for us with Greg Thomas, resume 
attached below.  I think Dave Baumback, Kam Keiser, Errol McLaughlin, Darron 
Giron and myself need to interview him.  Groups of two at time would be 
preferred.  Thanks.
PL
I received your name and contact information from Lia Halstead, whom I am in
class with in the University of Houston's PMBA program.  Please find
attached my resume for your review.  I graduated from Texas A&M with a B.S.
in Chemical Engineering and am currently working on an MBA.  My experience
has been in operations management, but my plan is to  transition into a more
business/commercial function so that I can continue to grow professionally.
Thank you in advance for your time and consideration.
Greg Thomas
gsthomas@ev1.net  281-478-5624 (home)
281-479-2851 ext. 3597 (office)
- Gregory S Thomas.doc
We do not maintain seperate book codes.
PL
We do not keep inventory schedules on any of the central locations that you 
mentioned.  I am trying to get an inventory balance schedule that logistics 
keeps for NGPL.  I will let you know what I find out and how complete it is. 
PL
simmer down missy