- 4thconfsessions.doc
Lenos Trigeorgis
Professor of Finance
University of Cyprus
Dept of Business
75 Kallipoleos, PO Box 20537
CY 1678 Nicosia CYPRUS
Tel: +357 2 892261
Fax:        339063
1. 
COMMENT & ANALYSIS: Stretching the figures: Calculating
accurate values for companies in the new economy takes 
more
than a grasp of mathematics - a dash of economics, 
politics and
logic would not go amiss, says John Kay:
COMMENT & ANALYSIS: Stretching the figures: Calculating 
accurate
values for companies in the new economy takes more than a 
grasp of
mathematics - a dash of economics, politics and logic 
would not go
amiss, says John Kay:
87% match; Financial Times ; 24-Apr-2000 12:00:00 am 1170 words
Do the math. The slogan favoured by Jim Clark, creator of 
Silicon Graphics,
Net-scape and Healtheon, has become the mantra of a 
generation of
consultants and investment bankers. The new economy, they 
claim, requires
new principles of valuation. 
C.com is one of the most exciting prospects in 
business-to-business
commerce. It is the world leader in a growing market annual sales by 2010
are likely to be Dollars 500,000bn. If C.com can maintain 
a 5 per cent share
and earn only 1 per cent net margin its prospective 
annual earnings will be
Dollars 250bn. 
If we assume that market growth after 2010 is 5 per cent 
and discount future
revenues at 10 per cent, the prospective value of C.com 
is Dollars 5,000bn -
about 10 times the recent market capitalisation of 
Microsoft, Cisco or General
Electric. 
You don't have to wait for the IPO. You can buy shares in 
C.com right now for
less than 5 per cent of that value. C.com is called 
Citigroup and in addition to
its foreign exchange trading, which is the business I 
have described, you get
its other wholesale, retail and investment banking 
activities and a leading
insurance company thrown in. 
Of course, nobody would be so stupid as to value 
Citigroup in this way. Yet I
have followed more or less exactly the methodology 
recommended in the
latest McKinsey quarterly for the valuation of new era 
companies. They use
precisely analogous calculations to arrive at a valuation 
of Dollars 37bn for
Amazon.com. 
Paul Gibbs, head of merger and acquisition research at 
J.P. Morgan, recently
used similar principles to confirm that assessment of 
Amazon. He then
performed the same calculation for internet service 
provider Freeserve. 
Assume that UK retail sales grow at 5 per cent a year, 
that 25 per cent of
sales take place on the net, that portals capture 50 per 
cent of these, that
Freeserve gets 30 per cent of the portal share and 
maintains an 8 per cent
commission on sales. Multiply these together and you 
establish that in 2017
Freeserve will make profits of o2bn (Dollars 3.2bn This, he argues, justifies a
value today of o6.50 per share. 
But I prefer T.com to Freeserve. T.com has a customer 
base four times larger
than Freeserve. Its franchise is stronger. Its customers 
are concentrated in
the affluent south-east of England, where it faces 
virtually no competition.
Market research shows that more than 95 per cent of its 
customers use its
essential services every day, many of them several times 
a day. 
T.com also has ambitious plans for expansion. At present, 
its geographical
coverage is less than one-quarter of the market in 
England and Wales. T.com
has an interest in south-east Asia. The population of 
China is 100 times the
number of people who today can access T.com services. 
Even after the recent
market correction, T.com, better known as Thames Water, 
still has a market
valuation below that of Freeserve. At the widest point 
between the old and new
economies, Freeserve was worth four times as much. 
The reason the Citibank calculation is nonsense is 
simple, but fundamental.
The margins Citibank makes on its forex business vary 
widely. If you buy
small quantities of notes from a bank, the spread is much 
wider than 1 per
cent. If you are a large corporation trading major 
currencies, the margin is
wafer thin. Entry and competition force prices down to 
the related costs. 
In Mr Gibbs's model, Freeserve earns profits of o2bn, 
about equal to the
current profits of Tesco, J. Sainsbury and Marks and 
Spencer together. And it
earns these on revenues of only o2.5bn, so that profits 
are 80 per cent of the
value of its sales. No established business earns margins 
of that size. 
Thames Water is one of a tiny number of companies whose 
market position is
so strong, whose output is so necessary to life, that if 
it charged five times the
current price we would have little choice but to pay. We 
do have one option -
to insist the government intervenes. It confines Thames 
Water to a return on
its capital employed of about 6 per cent. 
The idea that profit is a return on capital invested 
still has some role in new
economy valuation, at the level of the overall market. 
There is a key formula in the new math. The required 
yield on a security is
equal to the difference between the rate of return 
demanded from that class of
securities and its expected rate of growth. So, if you 
expect a return of 5.5 per
cent from a share whose dividends will grow at 5 per 
cent, calculations show
that the dividend yield should be 0.5 per cent. 
This is the calculation done by James Glassman and Kevin 
Hassett in their
book Dow 36,000*. Claiming that sustainable dividends 
average half of
earnings, this yield equates to a price/earnings ratio of 
100 - implying a target
of 36,000 for the US index. 
The trouble with this theory is that it takes too long to 
produce what the
investor is looking for. Investors will receive only 
two-fifths of the cash
sustaining the valuation this century. One-third of the 
total depends on
dividend cheques that will arrive after 2200. 
Two hundred years ago, well before the Dow Jones average, 
prudent,
diversified investors would have owned slave traders and 
sugar plantations, or
perhaps a bold speculation in that symbol of the then new 
economy -a canal.
The next 200 years may be more stable than the last and 
Microsoft and Cisco
may prove more enduring than plantations. But we can 
hardly be sure. 
While 5 per cent may be a reasonable assumption for the 
growth rate of
dividends in the US economy as a whole, it is likely that 
well before 2200
most of these will come from companies not yet founded. 
Suppose we accept Glassman and Hassett's protests that 
their dividend
growth expectations are conservative. If you raise them 
only from 5 per cent to
5.25 per cent, the anticipated value of the Dow Jones 
average is 72,000. At
5.5 per cent the formula breaks down because the shares 
of US companies
are infinitely valuable. Not even the most credulous 
dotcom investor believes
that. 
The math also works in reverse. If expectations of return 
are 6 per cent rather
than 5.5 per cent, the market p/e ratio falls to 50 and 
the value of the Dow
Jones from 36,000 to 18,000. And if equity investors 
require a return of 8 per
cent, you would have to conclude that shares are worth 
only half their current
level. 
An 8 per cent expected total return is not ambitious for 
an equity investor. A
day trader might think you were talking about a weekly 
profit rather than
annual. Glassman and Hassett use a figure as low as 5.5 
per cent - the return
on Treasury bonds - because they argue that equities have 
so consistently
outperformed bonds that there is now no risk associated 
with equity
investment. In other words, because equities are sure to 
offer higher returns
than bonds, the expected yield on equities should be the 
same as on bonds. 
You do not have to be Wittgenstein to spot the flaw. The 
rules of logic hold
even in cyberspace, and so do the principles of 
economics. Profits are hard to
earn in competitive businesses, and markets that are not 
competitive are
usually regulated. The value of companies ultimately 
depends on their
capacity to generate cash for shareholders. Distant 
returns are uncertain.
Share prices are volatile, and investors need to be 
compensated for the risks.
These truths are as valid in the new economy as the old. 
By all means do the math. Isaac Newton, who could do the 
math better than
most, gave up an annuity of o650 per year to invest in 
the South Sea Bubble.
In addition to the math, you need the econ, the pol, and 
perhaps the
psychology. 
* Dow 36,000: The New Strategy for Profiting from the 
Coming Rise in the
Stock Market, James K. Glassman & Kevin A. Hassett, 
Random House,
1999. 
The author a director of London Economics. 
Pam,
Another team:
Elena Chilkina
Robert J. Guadette
Joseph Helms
Kenneth Jett
Todd Litton
MarK Westmoreland
Grade:  A-
Vince Kaminski
Darrell,
I shall send youan explanation later today or Monday.
Vince
Darrell Duffie  Vince: According to a Bank of America
publication, your (Enron) default swap spreads
are consistently trading about 80
basis points wider than your asset swaps.
Any idea of what is going on here?
Thanks for any guidance, Darrell
_____________________________________________
Darrell Duffie
mail  GSB Stanford CA 94305-5015 USA
phone 650 723 1976
fax   650 725 7979
email duffie@stanford.edu
web _____________________________________________
Vasant,
I concur.
Vince
Vasant Shanbhogue
04/24/2000 09:49 AM
Clayton,
my thought is that you should attend the presentation, because it is our 
responsibility to ensure that the groups have the best model available.  Try 
to gauge how well the model backtests (is it just another academic model and what are the sources of data.  Do not elaborate on your model -- your 
story is that you have the responsibility to analyze economic models of this 
sort in the Research Group.
Vasant
Clayton Vernon @ ENRON
04/24/2000 09:37 AM
Vasant-
This guy Mark Breese called Thursday, (a Manager in "Long Term") saying there 
would be a presentation to their group of this commercial model of his 
just-ex employer, and I called him back and said I'd wait to hear from you or 
Vince before attending. I told him I was finishing my model, that Vince 
hadn't decided what we had, that Vince would tell his group what we had, and 
that I was uncomfortable attending these kinds of presentations right now 
because I wasn't clear what all of the agendas were (he's obviously pimping 
for the company he just worked for).
Clayton
Rick,
Aram is coming to Houston, in my view, to explore the possibility of coming 
back to Enron
(given uncertain situation under the Scottish rule at the old Pacificorp 
I shall suggest that he meet  with you and/or Ted Murphy as well.
I can wait for Karen to come back. It's not urgent. We are still working on
the volumetric  risk module and the team is making a very good progress.
They gave a  presentation today to Rick Carson and me.
We have to decide what comes next  (Asset/Liability Model or
Operational Risk Model).
Vince
Shirley,
Please, put on my schedule.
Vince
Geraldine Irvine
04/24/2000 11:44 AM
Please plan to attend a meeting on Thursday, April 27, from 3:00 - 5:00 p.m. 
to discuss Luken's storage model and, more importantly, where we want to go 
with a storage book.  This meeting will be in EB-30C1.
Any questions, contact Mark Breese (Ext. 3-6751) or Gerri Irvine (Ext. 
3-6145).
Van,
I have contacted Mike Roberts. He may have a need for help during the  summer.
Vince
Van Ngo  Dear Vince,
Thank you for your prompt response.  I do realize
that the A&A Program has finished accepting
candidates for this summer; I was inquiring about
the possibility of hiring on an individual basis.
Again, I greatly appreciate your time.  I look
forward to seeing you soon!
,
Van
Mike,
Any interest? Maybe we can hire this guy through ProStaff?
Vince
Van Ngo  Dear Vince,
Thank you for your prompt response.  I do realize
that the A&A Program has finished accepting
candidates for this summer; I was inquiring about
the possibility of hiring on an individual basis.
Again, I greatly appreciate your time.  I look
forward to seeing you soon!
,
Van
Amy Aldous  Details of the upcoming Energy Derivatives Conference are now posted at
I look forward to receiving your papers by May 5.
Thank you,
Amy (for P.P. Boyle)
Amy Aldous, Conference Co-ordinator
Centre for Advanced Studies in Finance
University of Waterloo
Waterloo, ON   N2L 3G1
Tel: (519) 888-4567 ext. 5728
Fax: (519) 888-7562
Email: aaldous@uwaterloo.ca
James,
I hall appreciate a copy of  "A Brief History of the Future."
Vince Kaminski
Enron
Mr. Vincent J. Kaminski 
Managing Director 
Dear Mr. Kaminski: 
In response to client requests we are pleased to provide "A Brief History of 
the Future," by CERA's Julian West. 
TO REQUEST YOUR COMPLIMENTARY COPY OF THIS REPORT, PLEASE REPLY TO THIS 
MESSAGE.? We will forward an electronic (PDF) copy to you via email.
The report is based on Julian's remarks at the E-Business workshop at 
CERAWeek2000 in which your participation was appreciated.? It lays out a 
framework and identifies the key strategic challenges of e-business and 
energy, as well as our approach in the "E-Squared: Energy and E-Business" 
retainer service.? The "E-Squared" service is now up and running, and we hope 
that you will consider enrolling to receive our on-going research.
Our next major event, the E-Business Summit, a senior level gathering 
including strategy presentations and discussions, will take place on June 26 
(evening) through 28th at the Sonesta Hotel in Cambridge, Massachusetts.
This outstanding program includes presentations by Clayton Christensen (of 
"Innovator's Dilemma" fame); Dan Yergin, Joe Stanislaw and Julian West of 
CERA; Andy Lippman of MIT's Media Lab; Susan DeSanti of the FTC; and others Participation is limited.
For more details or to enroll in the Summit and/or the E-Squared retainer 
service, please visit 
Please feel free to contact me, or my colleague Tim Fitzgerald at 
617-441-2679; email to tfitzgerald@cera.com if you have any questions or 
further considerations
Sincerely, 
James Rosenfield 
Executive Vice President 
Our relationship with you is very important to us.? If you wish not to 
receive future e-mail notifications, please send a reply to this message with 
"DoNotEmail" as the subject of your message mailto:info@cera.com?subject=DoNotEmail 
Dear Vince,
Attached please find an updated resume of mine.
I have been continuing my research in the area of pricing, risk management
and asset management of power industry.  It seems to me that the framework I
have been working on does allow addressing some fundamental issues and
allows describing the salient features of power markets.  I feel a brief
info may inform you what have I been up to.
Conceptually speaking, my approach relies on the understudying that the
absence of cash and carry implies non-hedgibility of the most fundamental
building blocks of power market - forward contracts of hourly duration.
This clearly demands a risk premium embedded in power prices.  I have been
able to develop a machinery to capture this risk premium, and calculate its
impact on pricing of other products.  In particular, the method allows
consistent generation of hourly forward curve (per each geographic region),
hence generation of forward curves of longer duration.  It provides us not
only with forward curves, but also their physical (not risk-neutral)
distribution.  It also allows one to analyze the sensitivity of the forward
curve with respect to the volumetric risk.  As a fundamental  input ,  I
consider the ratio of properly compounded generation output (load) and the
corresponding maximum available generation supply.  The first one is well
observable and forecastable due to its stationarity.  The second one  is
defined by the first one and the generation and transmission profile of the
region.  Much of the required information is in the public domain.
The market price of risk incorporated in the model depends on this ratio and
the calendar time.  This time dependence of the market price of risk allows
capturing of the dynamics of the returns per unit risk over time, and its
dependence on the ratio mentioned above reflects the intuition and the
reality that closer the demand to the maximum available supply higher
compensation do the investors expect.
I have also realized that the transmission related factors may be
incorporated into this framework in a very consistent and robust manner.
This approach also allows quantification of the margins as a stochastic
process dependent on the volumetric factors, among other things.  It allows
posing and solving the problem of maximization of the margins while keeping
their variance under control in a very elegant and robust way.
I have developed the first version of mathematical tools and prototype
software reflecting all these issues.  My inability to complete this program
has been resulted from the severe instability, lack of access and the cash
flow problems I have experienced in the last few years.  I have also
understood that programs of this magnitude cannot be finished from the
"grandpa's garage."
Nevertheless, I think I have developed a very systematic and robust
understanding and methodology, and at least, I have convinced myself that
this approach leads to a comprehensive system.
With all this said, I don't want to make an impression of a stiff person,
who has his agenda and under any circumstances is willing to push it
forward.  I have always been very flexible, and in my consulting experience,
I have always accommodated the needs and wishes on my clients.  In my short
period of employment with Altra I have been very ethical, I have played by
the rules, I have done whatever I have been asked to do, and have been a
team player.  The reasons they have asked me to resign have nothing to do
with me personally.  They have been respectful to me, they have valued me as
capable person, but have found that given the direction of the company
(which has become self-evident with the consequent developments), "further
Altra goes, further I will be frustrated with where they go."  It was almost
formulated that it is better for me to separate from Altra as soon as I can.
As an evidence of appreciation, they have continued paying me as of today,
something that they have not done for some others, but it is coming to its
end, too.  I am bringing this up just to reiterate that my separation from
Altra has had nothing to do with me or my entrepreneurial working style vs.
corporate style, etc.  I have no doubts that I can function equally well in
either environment.
I wish that your presentation goes well with your new superior, and that my
joining Enron becomes a possibility.
,
Martin
- martin.doc
Stinson,
Do we want to revisit?
Vince
Dear Vince,
Attached please find an updated resume of mine.
I have been continuing my research in the area of pricing, risk management
and asset management of power industry.  It seems to me that the framework I
have been working on does allow addressing some fundamental issues and
allows describing the salient features of power markets.  I feel a brief
info may inform you what have I been up to.
Conceptually speaking, my approach relies on the understudying that the
absence of cash and carry implies non-hedgibility of the most fundamental
building blocks of power market - forward contracts of hourly duration.
This clearly demands a risk premium embedded in power prices.  I have been
able to develop a machinery to capture this risk premium, and calculate its
impact on pricing of other products.  In particular, the method allows
consistent generation of hourly forward curve (per each geographic region),
hence generation of forward curves of longer duration.  It provides us not
only with forward curves, but also their physical (not risk-neutral)
distribution.  It also allows one to analyze the sensitivity of the forward
curve with respect to the volumetric risk.  As a fundamental  input ,  I
consider the ratio of properly compounded generation output (load) and the
corresponding maximum available generation supply.  The first one is well
observable and forecastable due to its stationarity.  The second one  is
defined by the first one and the generation and transmission profile of the
region.  Much of the required information is in the public domain.
The market price of risk incorporated in the model depends on this ratio and
the calendar time.  This time dependence of the market price of risk allows
capturing of the dynamics of the returns per unit risk over time, and its
dependence on the ratio mentioned above reflects the intuition and the
reality that closer the demand to the maximum available supply higher
compensation do the investors expect.
I have also realized that the transmission related factors may be
incorporated into this framework in a very consistent and robust manner.
This approach also allows quantification of the margins as a stochastic
process dependent on the volumetric factors, among other things.  It allows
posing and solving the problem of maximization of the margins while keeping
their variance under control in a very elegant and robust way.
I have developed the first version of mathematical tools and prototype
software reflecting all these issues.  My inability to complete this program
has been resulted from the severe instability, lack of access and the cash
flow problems I have experienced in the last few years.  I have also
understood that programs of this magnitude cannot be finished from the
"grandpa's garage."
Nevertheless, I think I have developed a very systematic and robust
understanding and methodology, and at least, I have convinced myself that
this approach leads to a comprehensive system.
With all this said, I don't want to make an impression of a stiff person,
who has his agenda and under any circumstances is willing to push it
forward.  I have always been very flexible, and in my consulting experience,
I have always accommodated the needs and wishes on my clients.  In my short
period of employment with Altra I have been very ethical, I have played by
the rules, I have done whatever I have been asked to do, and have been a
team player.  The reasons they have asked me to resign have nothing to do
with me personally.  They have been respectful to me, they have valued me as
capable person, but have found that given the direction of the company
(which has become self-evident with the consequent developments), "further
Altra goes, further I will be frustrated with where they go."  It was almost
formulated that it is better for me to separate from Altra as soon as I can.
As an evidence of appreciation, they have continued paying me as of today,
something that they have not done for some others, but it is coming to its
end, too.  I am bringing this up just to reiterate that my separation from
Altra has had nothing to do with me or my entrepreneurial working style vs.
corporate style, etc.  I have no doubts that I can function equally well in
either environment.
I wish that your presentation goes well with your new superior, and that my
joining Enron becomes a possibility.
,
Martin
- martin.doc
Vince J Kaminski
04/24/2000 11:34 AM
Sam,
This is the final version of the presentation.
Vince
Hi again,
Please ignore this email if you have already paid about $100 for a copy 
of the orange book - "Numerical Recipes in C."
If you have not, and don't mind the hassle of printing it out chapter by 
chapter - it is offered free on the following website:
Enjoy,
Iris
Vince J Kaminski
04/24/2000 11:34 AM
Sam,
This is the final version of the presentation.
Vince
Sam,
This is the final version of the presentation.
Vince
Tony,
No problem.
Vince
Anthony_Mends@.net on 04/24/2000 09:54:49 AM
Vince,
Thank you for honoring us at our home on Saturday. It was a real pleasure to
share an evening with you. We hope we shall be able to do it again with your
family when the opportunity arises.
I am forwarding to you a request from John Young who works in my group as a
Documentation Specialist. Kindly review his request and let me know if you are
able to grant it.
Tony
Enron Broadband Services
713-853-3939
Tony,
Earl Harvey and I are located on the 19th floor inside the Corporate Research
Group's area, which is in a secured area.  They are a very supportive and
cooperative group, and conditions here are ideal for research, analysis, and
writing.  I don't want to jeopardize their security in any way, but, if
possible, I would like to be added to the after hours and weekend access list
for situations such as meeting deadlines and research & development.
The Research Group's director is Vince Kaminski (Ext. 3-3848) and Shirley
Crenshaw (Ext. 3-5290) is the group's administrative coordinator.  Their
security procedures require that Mr. Kaminski authorize Shirley to add people 
to
the access list.  If you concur with my request, could you please extend the
request to Mr. Kaminski?
I have discussed my request with Shirley and am copying her with this memo, 
but
I didn't want to copy Mr. Kaminski because I believe that you would see that 
as
your responsibility; and that if you did not concur with my request, then 
there
would be no reason to copy him at all.
Thanks,
JAY
713-853-5941
Grant,
Let's invite him for a preliminary interview.
Vince
Vince, Stinson:
I gave a talk to a bunch of UH MBA students taking a course on options.  One 
of the more interesting of the inevitable stream of resumes is the enclosed. 
Perhaps an EBS hire?
Grant
Dr. Masson,
I attended your lecture at UH and enjoyed it tremendously.  If possible, I
would like to investigate a career opportunity with your group in particular
or Enron in general.  Would you please review my resume and/or forward to
potentially interested parties?
In tandem will all of Enron's other propaganda efforts, your top-notch
lecture at UH spurred me to do some soul searching.  I currently work at
Duke Energy Trading and Marketing, but have been extremely impressed with
Enron's cutting-edge research and market-leading position.
I have a Ph.D in electrical engineering from Rice (statistical signal
processing) with two years of experience at Duke relating to the valuation,
risk management, and risk measurement of financial derivatives and physical
assets.  I seek a similar position that would allow me to leverage my
quantitative skills and grow within in the corporation.
I believe I would be a great fit with Enron and hope you would consider me
for a potential position.
,
Matt Crouse
- Matt Crouse CV.doc
Van,
Thanks for your message. We are taking a  number of interns this summer,  but 
the A&A
program has closed the books for this year. We were able to reopen the list
to add one candidate a few weeks ago, but cannot do it again. We promised it 
would be the last addition.
Vince
Van Ngo  Dear Vince, 
I'm writing to let you know that I have been in touch with Christy Young from 
the A&A Program and will be finding out my assignment for this summer soon I am very excited to be back at Enron, and I hope to see the Research team 
again. 
I'd also like to inquire about summer positions within Research.? Will the 
Research group be taking on another intern this summer?? Since I know there 
is no busier place at Enron than the Research Group, if there is a position 
available for this summer that you are looking to fill or that may be open 
for consideration, I would love to connect you to another Rice student. 
Please let me know if the Group is considering receiving a new intern this 
summer.? If so, I would be thrilled to put you in touch with Brad Aimone, a 
senior chemical engineering student here at Rice who will be graduating with 
both his B.S. and his Masters in Chemical Engineering next May.? Brad has 
gained extensive laboratory research experience over the past two years.? His 
academic focus gives him a strong mathematical, quantitative background and 
excellent computer skills.? I believe his skills are transferable and 
relevant to the Group, and he is a deeply dedicated individual.? If the 
Research Group is looking for a summer intern, I hope it will continue 
Enron's strong support and recruit of Rice University students. 
Please feel free to contact Brad directly to pursue this discussion. (As I 
realize the summer months are not far off, if it is easier, an arrangement 
through ProStaff may be made similar to my work extension at the end of last 
summer).? I have attached a copy of his resume for your review.? Brad will be 
in Houston this summer.? His contact information is given below. 
James Bradley (Brad) Aimone 
6320 Main, Houston, TX? 77005 
713-630-8035 
imaknee@rice.edu 
? 
Also, please feel free to contact me if you have any questions.? I sincerely 
hope that you will have the opportunity to discover the contributions Brad 
can make to the Research Group.? I certainly know that he would gain 
tremendously from the experience as I did last summer. 
Thank you very much for your consideration. 
Sincerely, 
Van 
Ph: 713-630-8038 
- Brad_Resume.doc
Sam,
My column
Vince
Hi Vince,
?
I was wondering how the chapter of the book is coming along??! Do you want  
me to make 'noise' tomorrow or to leave you until after Easter?
?
Until then, I wanted to discuss with you an idea  that Les and I have been 
throwing around concerning writing a series of articles  for Risk's 'Energy 
and Power Risk Management'. We would like to propose to  them?that we would 
write an article a month, covering practical issues  dealing with energy 
modelling and energy derivative pricing and risk management.  The articles 
would be based upon sections of the book so as to promote the book,  and to 
reduce the effort/time involved by using?already produced material.  We would 
like to cover some very practical topics, but we?won't be giving  too much 
away as the articles are only 1 or 2 pages long.
?
Each article would be of?the  form;
?
- introduce?the concept
- give an example using real data
- discuss the problem with a case study - provide a discussion
- sum up
?
I've included a list of potential articles at the  end of this e-mail. For 
example, for the first one,  "Estimation of mean reversion in spot energy 
prices", we would introduce  the concept of mean reversion,?show a graph of 
an equity index and an  energy price?for illustration of our point, estimate 
the parameter for a  series of energies over a number of seasons, and 
finally, discuss the  results.
?
We?are wondering if you would like to be  involved in this project? Your 
involvement needn't take much time (although it  is up to you). The kind of 
input we are hoping for (again, this is up to you) is  that you?would?review 
the list of articles and  provide?suggestions of additions or deletions, 
suggest reasonable data sets  or case studies to work with on each article, 
and then to run your eye over  "near finished" articles, which?we would 
supply to you for  your?practical experience?input.? Would something like 
this  interest you? If it did, we would try to sell Risk on making it a 
regular  monthly "feature" of EPRM, authored by all three of us.
?
We are hoping to present our proposal to Risk in  the next few weeks, so 
please let us know if you are interested.
?
.
?
Chris.
?
?
Potental EPRM articles;
?
1- Estimation of mean reversion in spot energy  prices (with parameters 
estimated for oil, gas, and electricity data over  different seasons)
?
2- Estimation of jumps in spot energy prices (with  parameters estimated for 
oil, gas, and electricity data over different  seasons)
?
3- Simulating a mean reverting spot price process  for pricing energy 
derivatives (with case study applied to an Asian option on  oil)
?
4- Simulating a jump / diffusion spot price process  for pricing energy 
derivatives (with case study applied to a Swaption on natural  gas)
?
5- Simulating a mean reverting jump / diffusion  spot price process for 
pricing energy derivatives (with case study applied to  hourly caps on spot 
electricity)
?
6- An analytical pricing formula for pricing caps  in a mean reverting spot 
price model (with example applied to a cap on natural  gas fitting the 
Forward curve and volatlity structure)
?
7- using a tree consistent with the forward curve  and vols for pricing swing 
options
?
8- implying a single?factor vol function from  market Futures option prices 
and variation of parameters thru time
?
9- adding jump volatility to the tree
?
10- An analytical pricing formula for pricing caps  in a multi-factor forward 
curve model(with example applied to the same cap on  natural gas and a 
discussion on the differences between the two  approaches)
?
11- Estimating volatility functions for  multi-factor forward curve models 
(with estimates of oil data over different  periods)
?
12- Estimating volatility functions for  multi-factor forward curve model 
from market option prices
?
13- pricing swing option in multi factor model  using tree for exercise 
strategy
?
14- comparison of VaR methodoligies applied to the  same energy derivativ 
portfolio.
?
Robert Brooks  Please respond to "rebrooks@rbac.com"  GPCM Modelers,
Here's an article from Powermarketers.com regarding a recent IPAA short-run
forecast.  Note that the title is wrong.  The information in the article
implies a year 2001 22.56 tcf total US consumption not output (production).
And, that consumption includes pipeline fuel and lease and plant fuel.
Production in 2001 is est at 18.94 tcf (not sure whether marketed or dry,
but probably dry.)
It could be an interesting point of comparison for your own near term
forecasts.
mtex/2000/04/20/pr/0000-4344-dc-ipaa-oilprediction
You might also want to look at IPAA's November 1998 forecasts:
hort_run.htm
ong_run.htm
Bob Brooks
lsharma@sprynet.com
Vasant
You have missed Joe in yuour prsentation.
Vince
Bernard,
My coordinates:
Vincent Kaminski
Managing Director - Research
Enron Corp.
1400 Smith Street
Room EB1962
Houston, TX 77002-7361
Phone: (713) 853 3848
(713) 410 5396 (cell)
Fax  :  (713) 646 2503
E-mail: vkamins@
Yes, we are going into a very interesting summer both here and in the UK. 
Vince
Hi Vince,
Can you e-mail me your mailing address in Houston and I will send you a hard
copy of the above today.  Apologies for delay, but I wanted to ensure that
Les Clewlow had received his copy in Sydney before distributing any other
copies.
Incidentally, today (March 27th) is a red letter day in the UK as the NETA /
new electricity trading arrangements have gone 'live'.  Should be
interesting to observe the development of the paper market in the coming
months - you're no doubt aware that IPE have just launched an electricity
futures contract.
Bernard
Bernard,
Yes, I can  read a DVI file. You can also  cc
my home address: Vkaminski@aol.com. I shall
try to send you an answer to your question on weekend.
Vince
Vince,
I can send you a Scientific Word DVI file (at the weekend) if you can read
SCientific Word files ?  The dissertation hasn't been reviewed by Les or
the
External yet - although its been at FORC for 2 months. I think that the
Empirical Chapter is probably the one which would be of most relevance to
both our company's businesses - although I ultimately didn't have the time
to 'explicitly' price the jump risk-premium which I conjectured is possibly
implicit in the prices of exchange-traded electricity futures-options -
rather I developed an implicit estimation procedure which will enable a
rough assessment (with a little bit of further work, but not too much) be
made of the price of jump risk in wholesale power markets.
In other words, I assumed spot jump-risk to be undiversifiable, and
essentially devoted 2 Theoretical Chapters to :
1) proving that a jump-diffusion trading model is "incomplete"
(synthesising
the securities markets framework with martingale representation theory note that I did not assume that markets could be dynamically completed with
'term structure' securities as in the HJM w/ jumps papers of Shirakawa and
Das and;
2) deriving an explicit risk-adjustment process for 'implementing' the
price
of jump-risk using a jump-diffusion marginal indirect utility of wealth
process (ie. a jump-augmented production economy approach in the spirit of
CIR, Bates, Ahn & Thompson).
Incidentally, I would be keen to find out if you or any of your team done
much work on real-asset valuations in a spark-spread option-valuation
framework ?  I'm about to start a project evaluation of embedded
optionality, and have a dilemna whether I should model the spot or forward
gas / power price processes.  With the former, I can model mean-reversion
and jumps explicitly (obviously, important for capturing the optionality of
out-of-the-money plant, which might otherwise be ignored in a
pure-diffusion
framework) but am not maximising the informational content of the available
market data (that is, assuming there was a long-term market forward curve
for electricity); whereas in the latter the driftless forward supposition
means that I have to capture mean-reversion via the futures volatility
function, and jumps are less easy to calibrate.  Any suggestions ?
Bernard
Bernard,
I am forwarding your message to my assistant and she will mail you a
reprint.
I would be glad to take a look at your dissertation. Is it available as a
publication, working paper?
Vince
Hello Vince,
My name is Bernard Murphy - I received your e-mail address from Les
Clewlow,
who was my PhD supervisor at the Financia Options Research Centre at
Warwick
Business School.  I've just finished my PhD on Electricity Price Jump
Diffusions :  A Theoretical and Empirical Study in Incomplete Markets -
hence my interest in electricity price modelling and derivative pricing.  I
was looking to get hold of a copy of your 1997 paper, which has recently
come to my attention :
"The Challenge of Pricing & Risk-Managing Electricity Derivatives", The US
POwer Market, Risk Publications, pp. 149-171.
and Les suggested that I contact you directly (Les is travelling at present
and doesn't have an electronic copy available) to request an e-copy.
Incidentally, I am Lecturer in Finance / Financial Mathematics at
University
of Limerick (Ireland) and have taken a year out to work for Caminus UK,
where I am working on introducing and developing a markets-based approach
(spark-spread) to real asset valuations in the UK power industry.
Thanks in advancve
Bernard Murphy
Nurit,
We are interviewing a number of candidates and will be able to
make a decision in the beginning of May.
Vince Kaminski
Nurit Krausz  Dear Dr. Kaminski,
I have received a good offer from another company, and I will have to give
an answer shortly.
I am writing you to find out what the status of my application is.
I would like to stress that the position in Enron is my first preference.
Yours,
Nurit
NETWORK WORLD FUSION FOCUS: Whitepaper Download newsletter
04/20/00
Dear Wincenty Kaminski,
Go behind the headlines with Network World=20
editors at a FREE webcast!
Join John Gallant, Doug Barney, Paul McNamera, and Mark Gibbs, as they
dig deep behind the headlines to examine "real" network challenges.
FREE, interactive webcast premieres May 5 at 1:00 p.m. ET. Register now
at:
Today's Focus: Whitepaper Download
We=01,re back again with more white papers to whet your appetite! Our
continuing mission is to provide you with the latest technology and
product information, right from the vendors themselves, as well as a
quick summary and link to the white paper itself.
This week we=01,ve got white papers on Windows 2000 migration, IP version
6 and SNMP version 3, Layer 4 switching and Web switching, and how to
integrate security for your e-business. Enjoy!
InstallShield Software Corp.
NetInstall and Microsoft Windows 2000
Windows 2000 offers built-in client management capabilities,
collectively known as the =01&IntelliMirror=018 technologies. But if you=01,re
going to realize the complete benefits of these technologies, you need
a complete implementation of Win 2000 across your enterprise. If you=01,re
going to have a mixed mode environment (Windows 2000 and Windows NT 4
servers or others) on the server or in a client-setting (Windows
95/98/NT clients), you may need NetInstall software products.
This paper looks at the Windows 2000 software installation process, as
well as the evolutionary path for enterprises going from non-Windows
2000-based to a mixed environment or a pure Windows 2000 environment.
ArrowPoint Communications
Testing Stateful Networking Devices for Web Applications
A new generation of networking products has emerged for the specialized
task of server load balancing or Web traffic management. Examples of
these devices are known as Layer 4 switches and Web switches.
This paper looks at the differences between LAN switching, Layer 4
Switching and Web switching, as well as do=01,s and don=01,ts when testing
Web switches.
DigiNet Corp. (produced in association with Network World Technical
Seminars)
Dealing with the Growth of the Internet
For most network managers, the explosive growth of the Internet isn=01,t
breaking news; they=01,ve lived with these issues on a daily basis. The
question now is how to manage it and plan for future growth.
This paper provides some insight into two significant architectural
enhancements to Internet technologies that promise to greatly enhance
the way we administer and manage internetworks and intranetworks in the
future  IP version 6 and SNMP version 3.
CheckPoint Software / OPSEC Alliance
Integrated Security Now: Solutions for Securing E-business
The challenges of e-business, an increasingly mobile workforce, and the
trend toward greater collaboration between corporate partners have
created new requirements for security.
This white paper looks at several solutions provided by Check Point
Software and the Open Platform for Security (OPSEC) Alliance, covering
topics ranging from content security, high availability, reporting and
analysis, public key infrastructure (PKI), deployment servers, network
appliances and managed services. Members of the Alliance present their
offerings to help you secure your network.
Looking for more white papers? Visit our Vendor White Paper area of
Network World Fusion:
The white papers in this newsletter are provided by vendors who sponsor
their white papers on the Network World Fusion Web site. If your company
would like to sponsor its white papers on Fusion and in this newsletter,
call Sales Manager Jamie Kalbach at 610-971-1588.
??Subscription Services??To subscribe or unsubscribe to any Network World e-mail newsletter, go?to?  change your e-mail address, go to:?  questions? Contact Customer Service by replying to this?message.??Other questions/comments??Have editorial comments? Write Keith Shaw at kshaw@nww.com??Network World Fusion is part of IDG.net, the IDG Online Network.?IT All Starts Here:?  Network World, Inc., 2000?
Shirley,
Please, register me.
Vince
Houston Energy Association  Join us Tuesday, May 2, 2000 at the Doubletree Hotel - Allen Center (400
Dallas)for a luncheon program addressing ERCOT and an update on the power 
market
for this summer.  DIANA J. NAYLOR, Senior Vice President of CalPine 
Corporation,
will be the keynote speaker and will focus on how these issues affect the gas
market.
Advance Registration $35 per person
Registration at the Door - $40 per person
CPE Credits available
Please RSVP to Eva Pollard at epollard@houstonenergy.org, or call the HEA 
office
at (713)651-0551.  Don't miss this informative luncheon!
Teresa Knight, Executive Director
Houston Energy Association (HEA)
Phone: (713) 651-0551
Fax: (713) 659-6424
tknight@houstonenergy.org
If you would like to have your email address removed from our mailing list, 
please click the link below to the HEA Home page, where you will find a 
mini-form to remove your name automatically.
Steve,
FYI
Vince
Jesus,
I yalked to Aram. I have him on my calendar from 8:30 till 10:00 on Friday.
A dinner / lunch on Fri would work for me.
Vince
Jesus Melendrez@
04/20/2000 09:53 AM
Vince,
I asked my assistant to schedule the meetings with Aram and she will 
contacting your asst..  As far as lunch or diner, I would be interested.  I 
will visit with Aram in the next few days or if you do, you might want to ask 
him.  I believe he is coming for a wedding and he might have a tight schedule 
but lets ask.  Hope all is going well.  JGM
NETWORK WORLD FUSION FOCUS: MIKE JUDE and NANCY MEACHIM
on APPLICATION SERVICE PROVIDERS
Today's focus: Intellectual property and ASPs
04/19/00
Dear Wincenty Kaminski,
~~This newsletter=20
sponsored by Citrix 
Citrix is the world leader in application server software that ASPs
worldwide depend on to deliver mission-critical applications with
enterprise-class reliability and control. Citrix enables you to reach
more users, with more applications, in more locations - with record
speed, greater predictability and lower costs. Find out why the world's
leading ASPs depend on Citrix to stand out from the competition. Call
1-800-644-9358 or visit us at
LIVE showdown of network industry experts at a FREE webcast!
Completely LIVE and unrehearsed! Join Network World's John Gallant and
leading experts as they take opposing sides to debate hot networking
issues taken from the headlines. Premieres May 5 at 1:00 p.m. ET.
Register now at:
Copy and paste URLs that break in two lines and remove extra spaces.
Today's focus: Intellectual property and ASPs
The deeper we get into the e-business paradigm, the more concerns we
discover.
The other day, we were talking to a manager at a large
telecommunications company who was anxious over the contractual
arrangements for an electronic-business relationship her company is
developing. Specifically, she was worried about the protection of
intellectual property in such an arrangement.
Intellectual property - or IP, as it is known to lawyers - refers to
for its competitive advantage. In short, it=01,s anything you don=01,t want
your competitors to get their hands on. It can also include intangibles
such as goodwill from current customers.
How is IP put at risk in an application service provider (ASP)
relationship? In any ASP arrangement, a customer is forced to disclose
intellectual property to one degree or another. The property may be
simple business plans or proprietary customer information. In any event,
it is information that could do a great deal of harm if it were leaked
to competitors or the universe at large. In the case of full-service
ASPs (those that provide integration and Web design services), IP can
also include the look and feel of the business in e-space.
The problem is trust. An ASP must convince its customers that their
information is secure. But how does an ASP even know what information
needs to be protected? Customers must retain full rights to their
intellectual property and ensure that it is secure from disclosure.
The most effective way for a customer to secure IP rights and
obligations is through a contract that clearly states who owns what.
Just like a prenuptial agreement, both parties go into the arrangement
with rights and property. It is important to get these on paper prior
to the business relationship. And this contract is different from a
service-level agreement SLA). While the SLA is a performance document,
the business relationship contract is one of rights and responsibilities.
This also applies to the look and feel of the business. If an ASP
develops a Web presence for a customer that provides a unique advantage
to that customer, it is essential that the customer get its IP rights
in writing. One peculiarity of the IP world is that unless you
specifically say something to the contrary, the creator of the IP is
the owner.
The guidance Enterprise Management Associates always gives is: when in
doubt, write it down. If it offends the other party, at least you know
where the sensibilities are. If it doesn=01,t, then that tells you
something as well. In any case, having an obligation or right expressed
on paper establishes a point of reference if things get fuzzy in the
day-to-day ASP operation.
As our telco manager friend noted, many things are uncertain in the new
e-business world we are creating. She is right. But we will be more
confident as we proceed if we remember that the obligations of good
business practice have not changed.
To contact Mike Jude and Nancy Meachim:
FOR RELATED LINKS -- Click here for Network World's home page:
Of Copies and Rights, Network World, 02/07/00
The ASP effect on the software industry, Network World, 01/24/00
E-commerce: Legal finesse, Network World, 02/28/00
Archive of Network World Fusion Focus on ASPs newsletters:
Other ASP-related articles from Network World:
ASP specializing in customer service applications, Network World,
04/17/00
Aventail CEO=01,s software-to-services tale, Network World, 04/17/00
May We Send You a Free Print Subscription?
You've got the technology snapshot of your choice delivered at your
fingertips each day. Now, extend your knowledge by receiving 51 FREE
issues to our print publication. Apply today at
Subscription Services
To subscribe or unsubscribe to any Network World e-mail newsletters,
go to:
To change your email address, go to:
Subscription questions? Contact Customer Service by replying to this
message.
Other Questions/Comments
Have editorial comments? Write Jeff Caruso, Newsletter Editor, at:
For advertising information, write Jamie Kalbach, Account Executive,
at: mailto:jkalbach@nww.com
Network World Fusion is part of IDG.net, the IDG Online Network.
IT All Starts Here:
Tony,
6:30 on Saturday  is fine.
Vince
Anthony_Mends@.net on 04/19/2000 05:26:28 PM
About 6:30 p.m would be fine. Let's have a long delightful evening.
Tony
Enron Broadband Services
713-853-3939
|        |          Vince.J.Kaminski|
|        |          @  |        |          04/19/00 04:18 |        |          PM     
Tony,
Thanks. What time would be convenient for you on April the 22nd?
Vince
Anthony_Mends@.net on 04/19/2000 12:23:16 PM
Vince,
Please find attached directions to my house. We are eagerly looking forward to
your visit.
Tony.
(See attached file: Directions to my house.doc)
Anthony Mends
Enron Broadband Services
713-853-3939
- Directions to my house.doc
NETWORK WORLD FUSION FOCUS: PHIL HOCHMUTH
on LINUX
Today's focus: Getting embedded with a penguin
04/19/00
Dear Wincenty Kaminski,
Announcing FREE, LIVE webcast with John 
Gallant!
Introducing, "The Networked World," a FREE monthly webcast that
features Network World's John Gallant going head-to-head with network
industry movers and shakers. Premieres May 5 at 1:00 p.m. ET. Register
now at:
Copy and paste URLs that break in two lines and remove extra spaces.
Today's focus: Getting embedded with a penguin
Linux may be red-hot as a server operating system, but it's also
creating some heat in the embedded operating system market.
Developers have been putting Linux on small devices and cramming the
operating system into a space the size of a SIMM for some time, but
embedded versions of the operating system are on the verge of coming to
mainstream devices, such as slimmed-down Internet clients, handheld
devices and network appliances.
One of the major markets for embedded Linux systems lies in e-business
and enterprise networks. Last fall, Red Hat bought Cygnus Solutions,
which develops embedded Linux tools and embedded operating systems,
creating the biggest open-source company in the world. The merger
brought together the Red Hat development team's expertise in the
operating system (they are the leading Linux distribution company) and
the unique gadget-related technology of Cygnus, such as its embedded
configurable operating system (eCos), embedded Linux tools and
application programming interfaces.
Last month, Red Hat began offering eCos as its own product, coinciding
with the release of Red Hat Linux 6.2. Red Hat is banking on Linux to
emerge as the standard technology in enterprise handheld and server
connectivity. The leaders in server and handheld operating system
development are currently Microsoft and Palm Computing, but Red Hat
proclaims that having the same core operating system running on the
front and back ends of these post-PC, wireless handheld network
environments will lead to better performance and scalability. With
Linux running on the client and the server, business applications will
come to market more quickly as software can be written once for server
applications, then only slightly modified for compatibility for the
wireless handheld client, Red Hat says.
Lineo, of Lindon, Utah, has also made strides in embedded Linux
technology development recently. Lineo currently offers its own
embedded Linux distribution, Embedex, in addition to the Embedex
Browser - an embedded, graphical user interface-based microbrowser
and a software development kit. The Embedex operating system, browser
and development kit are aimed at the handheld and information appliance
markets. Lineo is currently compatible with X86 and PowerPC processors
and runs on less than 4M bytes of RAM and 2M bytes of read-only memory
or flash memory. The company last week announced a new development
partnership with MIPS Technologies, so look for embedded Linux running
on the MIPS architecture in the near future.
Also on the embedded bandwagon is Pennsylvania company Neoware Systems,
which just announced its NeoLinux embedded Linux distribution based on
Red Hat's Linux distribution. The company is offering NeoLinux for
small handheld devices but is focusing more on "information
appliances" - that is, network devices dedicated to a single task such
as firewalls, routers and security devices. To complement its own Linux
distribution, Neoware has also released its own hardware to run
NeoLinux - the Eon Anything Box - which lets users configure the
hardware to act as a variety of network devices.
With all these various flavors of embedded Linux sprouting up, embedded
system and network device companies recently formed an industry board
to help the technology's development. Created in March, the Embedded
Linux Consortium (ELC) -   - comprises over
two dozen companies that specialize in embedded system hardware,
software and Linux, including Red Hat, Motorola and IBM. The goal of
the group is to spur "the advancement of Linux-based solutions in
embedded applications," the ELC says.
As information appliances, thin servers and handheld devices become
more prevalent in the enterprise, it appears that Linux will be a big
part of the post-PC networking era. As a result, network managers will
need to become more familiar with what makes these embedded devices
tick and with trends in the embedded Linux industry.
To contact Phil Hochmuth:
FOR RELATED LINKS -- Click here for Network World's home page:
Red Hat:
Lineo:
Neoware:
Learn more about embedded Linux in general at the official embedded
Linux portal:
Read white papers on Red Hat's embedded technology:
Archive of Network World Fusion Focus on Linux newsletters:
Other Linux-related articles from Network World:
Rackspace offers customized Web servers, Network World, 04/17/00
May We Send You a Free Print Subscription?
You've got the technology snapshot of your choice delivered at your
fingertips each day. Now, extend your knowledge by receiving 51 FREE
issues to our print publication. Apply today at
Subscription Services
To subscribe or unsubscribe to any Network World e-mail newsletters,go
to:
To change your email address, go to:
Subscription questions? Contact Customer Service by replying to This
message.
Other Questions/Comments
Have editorial comments? Write Jeff Caruso, Newsletter Editor, at:
For advertising information, write Jamie Kalbach, Account Executive,
at: mailto:jkalbach@nww.com
Network World Fusion is part of IDG.net, the IDG Online Network.
IT All Starts Here:
Steve,
Are you interested in speaking at this conference?
Vince
Lenos Trigeorgis  Vince
can you please check with Steve Leppard and ask him to confirm, and send to
me his position and title of his talk (if different from yours)?
Thanks very much again
Lenos
At 05:14 __ 04/19/00 -0500, you wrote: