Sam
I asked Maureen to write on my behalf.
Vince
Kevin,
Plz expense the cake. It's very thoughtful of you.
Vince
Hello Mike , Vince
fyi 
The Asst's on the 32 nd floor really love the cake we have in our monthly
staff meetings , I can never really bring enough for them all.
I am going to order a cake for the Asst's on the 32nd floor , just for them,
from the Research Group /Weather Team.
I have enjoyed my experience working with all of them and I look forward
to working with them in the future 
I will pay for the cake  , I like for others to see the Research Group as
one of Enron's  finest 
Thanks
Kevin Moore
p.s the cake will be delivered on Thursday...... 10.a.m.
Bill,
Delayed congratulations.
Vince
Hi Vince -
Its very sad to see what has happened.  I hope you are doing OK under the
circumstances.  I wanted also to let you know that I'm transitioning to an
advisory role at Opt4  since they are now in a more operational mode, rather
than developmental.  I've joined Charles River Associates in the Palo Alto
office. What are your plans for the future?  I would like to extend an
invitation to get to know us better, and perhaps to collaborate if our
interests coincide.  When do you get back from vacation?
Bill Balson
Vice President
Charles River Associates
285 Hamilton Avenue
Palo Alto, CA 94301
Direct: 650-847-2227  Cell: 650-823-2510 FAX: 650-325-2488
wbalson@crai.com
Vince,  Good talking with you and
Thanks for the e-mail.
I hope all works out for you and your group.  I will work hard to find some good positions for you.
Looking forward to getting your resumes.
Best,
Bill
William J. Toriello
Director of Energy Recruitment
Brookville Search, Inc.
212-697-8080 x3103
The Research Group is going to celebrate Thanksgiving at lunch on November 13, 2001.  Please see the invitation below for details.
,
Anita DuPont
Enron Research Group
713-853-0329
EB 1969
Peter,
Thank you for the invitation. 
Unfortunately, I have to decline.
I am attending another conference at the same time
Vince
Vince 
I wanted to invite you to our credit risk conference in Vienna (Nov. 8-9) . The details can be found on our web page. Apologize for the short notice. Let me know if you can attend Peter 
416-217-4166 
James,
I am sorry to inform you that we are unlikely to be hiring in the next 4-6 months.
Vince
Vince,
I just wanted to check in to see how things are progressing.
Hope all is well
James
James Doran
PH.D Candidate
Department of Finance
University of Texas
Office: CBA 1.312C
jdoran@mail.utexas.edu
Please find attached a technical corner article on FTR-like instruments.  Edit as you see fit and comments are appreciated.
Thanks,
Martin
It worked
Vince
test
FYI
Vince
Shirley,
May I get Vince's home address and wife's name for Greg's mailing list?
Many Thanks,
Liz Taylor
Exec. Assistant to Greg Whalley
Office of the Chairman
Enron Corporation
Tel.   713.853.1935
Fax   713.853.1838
Shirley,
vkamins
Vince
Hello everyone:
In order to add you to the Livelink being developed by Sandeep, they need your user NT login name.  I am
attaching the excel spreadsheet and you can either go in and add it by your name, or call me and let me
know what it is.
Thanks!
Shirley
Hello.  Creating users in Livelink requires the NT login name.  This is probably the most important piece of this task, without it, we would not be able to create the users in Livelink.  Please provide their NT logins.
Thank you!
Moyeaz/Analyn,
Her is the updated list of everyone in the Research Group.  Shirley has compiled this in record time. =20
I am assuming that you will be able to get their user IDs since, short of asking each person, we have no way of getting them.  Please let me know if anything else is needed to set everyone up with accounts for Livelink.
,
Sandeep.
Sandeep:
Here is the updated list:
Hello Kohli.  As requested, here is the spreadsheet to add the users into Livelink.  Please let us know if you need anything else.
Brian,
What about the weekend?
I am in Atlanta Thursday.
Vince
If you are in need of a companion for an alcohol infusion, I stand ready to oblige.
Shijie,
Thanks. This is my itinerary.
The flight arrives relatively early. Can we schedule
an early dinner (let's say 5:30 or 6:00 p.m)?
Vince
Vince,
Thanks for the title and outline of your seminar.  I understand that
you must be pretty tied up at this time.  As for your visit, I will
pick you up at the Atlanta airport.  I will meet you at the exit of
the escalator.  Please remind me of you airline and flight number.  I'll
have my cellphone with me (678-637-8303).  One of my colleagues and I will
take you to dinner in the evening.  Your schedule on Thurs. is as follows.
I'll pick you up at the hotel around 9:30.  We will have an informal
meeting with one of my students from 9:50 to 10:50.  She will present
to you some ideas that we have been looking at on bandwidth trading.  We
are expecting to get some comments and feedbacks from you.  Your seminar
will be from 11am to 12noon.  Dr. Bob Kertz (our QCF program
director) will take you to lunch after the talk.  After the lunch, I
arrange you to meet with our students from 2pm to 3pm.  The time slot 3pm
to 4pm is open.  We will arrange a cab to get you at around 4pm.
I look forward to your visit.
Shijie
Shi-Jie Deng
Assistant Professor
School of ISyE
Georgia Institute of Technology
Office Phone: (404) 894-6519
E-mail:       deng@isye.gatech.edu
Home page 
On Mon, 29 Oct 2001 Vince.J.Kaminski@ wrote:
 Shijie,