Julie,
Sorry for the delayed response.  I can't express to you how excited I am to 
be coming out there this weekend.  After the last week and a half of work I 
am in desperate need of rest and relaxation (that of course means lots of 
shopping).  As far as activities go, I'm pretty much up for anything.  My 
guess is I'm probably going to want to take a quick nap when I get in 
Saturday morning before starting the weekend's activities, but after that I 
say we just get going.  The symphony sounds incredible as do the races or the 
polo match so I'll just leave the final choices to your discretion.  I would 
definitely be up for a trip to the zoo if you want to go, but considering I 
go there every time I'm in San Diego I could miss it in order to do/see some 
other things.  The only things I insist upon are ample time outdoors and good 
seafood.  Anyway,  I arrive in San Diego on America West flight 2180 at about 
9:00 a.m. and leave Monday at 6:10 p.m. so we've almost got three full days 
to work with. 
Love,
Susan
-- Also, if you could give me an idea of what kind of items I need to pack 
depending on our activities it might prevent me from committing gross 
overpacking...Thanks.
Lesli,
All of the deals listed below have been rebooked to their respective 
counterparties.
Susan
Please rebook nw3037 to Compania Industrial Kindy and nw3167 to Colortex, SA 
de CV.
Thanks
Lesli
3/5983
Please rebook nw5256/5317/5370 to Hylsa SA de CV.
Thanks
Lesli
3/5983
Can we keep the upside -- I believe the answer is clearly "no" unless/until 
we get a favorable ruling on our share-the-upside filing.  Til then we're 
bound by the billing provisions on Sheet 95H.
Sometimes the answers clarify themselves after you leave the question sitting 
out there a while 
As for the contract rights of replacement shippers, I would say the tariff 
language gives us some leeway on whether to automatically give replacement 
shipper the releasing shipper's discount at alt. points.  If we don't, and 
the replacement shipper uses an alt. point and has to pay max rate, releasing 
shipper gets a refund under our billing provision.  I know Lindy has some 
clear ideas on what we want here... we can discuss more if you like 
The offer still stands but the location has changed...We're meeting at the 
Gingerman instead of Kenneally's (so alas no pizza - but oh, what a selection 
of beer).
Susan M Scott
08/29/2000 05:09 PM
Hey Darren,
I haven't forgotten that I still owe you a birthday beer.  In fact, Ted was 
kind enough to point out my failure to do so and add to my already heavy 
feelings of guilt.  Anyway, I know you guys are working hard getting your 
presentation ready, but if you need a break I'm planning on meeting a friend 
at Kenneally's tonight for a little pizza and beer.  Let me know if you have 
any interest in collecting...if not, you can just hold on to your raincheck 
until another time.
Susan
Hey Darren,
I haven't forgotten that I still owe you a birthday beer.  In fact, Ted was 
kind enough to point out my failure to do so and add to my already heavy 
feelings of guilt.  Anyway, I know you guys are working hard getting your 
presentation ready, but if you need a break I'm planning on meeting a friend 
at Kenneally's tonight for a little pizza and beer.  Let me know if you have 
any interest in collecting...if not, you can just hold on to your raincheck 
until another time.
Susan
Susan,
Attached is a list of all originations done by Mexico for August.  I have 
highlighted the ones that have not be granted.  Please let me know if you 
have any information on these!
Thanks,
Misti
x39525
Do we need to talk?
Julie,
Everything you have mentioned up to this point sounds incredible.  I would 
love to see the symphony, got to a polo match or the races, etc. etc.  I've 
made everybody here at work green with envy talking about my trip.  I'm going 
to email you back tomorrow with a much more detailed response to your emails 
because I'm trying like mad to get out of work before 7:00 tonight.  Anyway, 
like I said it all sounds great and I am very excited about the trip (believe 
me it's much needed 
Susan
I'll give you the exact times tomorrow, but my flight gets in around 9:00 
a.m. on Saturday and doesn't leave until around 6:00 p.m. on Monday.  Talk to 
you tomorrow.
Read it and weep...Just let me know if you want me to bring some sand back 
with me in case you don't make it out there this weekend.  I'm thinking I may 
need to get Julie to hook me up with a job like hers...if it will allow me to 
live like we're evidently going to this weekend.
Shorty
HI Susan-
I'm so excited for your visit this weekend!  Whenever you get a chance, let
me know your arrival time on Saturday and departure on Monday so I can plan
around them both 
I've been brainstorming some fun things for us to do, and thought we could
spend some time lounging at the beach, shopping at the outlet center near
me, go out for a champagne bunch on Sunday, grill out on the beach, and
possibly go to a polo match or the Del Mar races.  Which of these interests
you?  Are there any tourist sites that you would like to see while in
town?  The zoo, Balboa Park (where all the museums are), or anything
else?  Oh- I've arranged for us to have a massage on Monday- the woman is
coming to my house!  We'll each get a 30 minute massage....I think this
will be great quality, girl time!  I've missed our shopping binges!
Please bring any current pictures of friends and family- I can't wait to
hear how everyone in your life is doing.  Weather has been beautiful as
usual- about 75 degrees and perfect.  In the evenings it gets cool enough
to wear you need a light sweater or jacket, but you can always borrow
something from me, too.
The condo I'm living in now is tiny, but cute.  I've been living there for
a year and am moving out in 2 weeks.  I could have moved out this Labor Day
weekend, but obviously didn't want to be doing that while you were in
town.  So you'll have to excuse a bit of the mess and come back another
time when I move into the cuter place- I love the new place I'm moving
into- it's 2 stories with vaulted ceilings and lots of skylights.
See you soon!
Julie
This one kind of gives you that warm, fuzzy feeling inside.  Knowing that you 
are benefiting mankind by working for the Big "E 
You mock what you don't understand.....The Dyner will do the same deal 3 
years from now, but LOSE $666trillion, and call it revolutionary and 
strategic to their business.
what's going on over there Kim J Casey
06/16/2000 05:23 PM
John J Stauffacher
06/16/2000 03:19 PM
Peter Esposito
06/16/2000 02:22 PM
vanhornepr@nmenergy.com on 06/16/2000 01:58:11 PM
I guess Dynegy considers this retail??
Theresa A Flaim@NMPC
06/16/2000 01:56 PM
fyi
A different view of Enron 
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
Ted Noble
08/28/2000 12:34 PM
This is pretty good.
Share information about yourself, create your own public profile at
Ted Noble
08/28/2000 12:34 PM
This is pretty good.
Share information about yourself, create your own public profile at
Cinderella in Her Later Years 
Cinderella was now 75 years old. After a fulfilling life with the now
dead
Prince, she happily sat upon her rocking chair, watching the world go by
from her front porch, with a cat named Bob for companionship.
One sunny afternoon, out of nowhere, appeared the Fairy Godmother.
Cinderella said "Fairy Godmother, what are you doing here after all
these
years 
The Fairy godmother replied "Well Cinderella, since you have lived a
good,
wholesome life since we last met, I have decided to grant you 3 wishes.
Is there anything for which your heart still yearns?"
Cinderella was taken aback, overjoyed and after some thoughtful
consideration, and almost under her breath she uttered her first wish:
"I wish I was wealthy beyond comprehension." Instantly, her rocking
chair
was turned into solid gold. Cinderella was stunned.
Bob, her old faithful cat, jumped off her lap and scampered to the edge
of
the porch, quivering with fear. Cinderella said "Oh thank you, Fairy
Godmother".
The Fairy Godmother replied, "It is the least I can do. What does your
heart
want for your second wish?" Cinderella looked down at her frail body,
and
said: "I wish I was young and full of the beauty of youth again."
At once, her wish having been desired became reality, and her beautiful
youthful visage had returned. Cinderella felt stirrings inside her that
had
been dormant for years and a long forgotten vigor and vitality began to
course through her.
Then the Fairy Godmother again spoke "You have one more wish, what shall
you
have?" Cinderella looks over to the frightened cat in the corner and
says";
"I wish for you to transform Bob, my old cat, into a beautiful, and
handsome
young man".
Magically, Bob suddenly underwent so fundamental a change in his
biological
make-up, that when complete he stood before her, a man, so beautiful the
like of which she nor the world had ever seen, so fair indeed that birds
began to fall from the sky at his feet.
The Fairy Godmother again spoke: "Congratulations, Cinderella.
Enjoy your new life." And, with a blazing shock of bright blue
electricity,
she was gone. For a few eerie moments, Bob and Cinderella looked into
each
other's eyes, Cinderella sat, breathless, gazing at the most stunningly
perfect man she had ever seen. Then Bob walked over to Cinderella, who
sat
transfixed in her rocking chair, and held her close in his young
muscular
arms.
He leaned in close blowing her golden hair with his warm breath as he
whispered:
"I bet you regret having me neutered now, don't you?"
I've reviewed Order 637 on voluntary auctions and agree with you, Mary Kay, 
that the TW IOS procedure is consistent with the Commission's checklist However, I do have a couple of questions/concerns.  First, does "voluntary" 
mean filing a proposal with FERC is also voluntary?  Or is the Commission 
here requiring that pipelines make filings before they can proceed with 
auctions?  Also, I'm not sure we comply with the Commission's policy on 
establishment of a reserve price, since it's difficult to tell what that is 
from the order.  A couple of times TW has stated a minimum bid in its IOS.
Comments 
Agustin,
You are right, the correct deal number for Industrias del Etileno is just 
NW9742 (legs 1 & 2).
Susan
Agustin Perez@
08/26/2000 06:50 PM
Dutch, just one question, Is the number correct for Industrias Derivadas del 
Etileno? or is just NW9742?
TUBOS DE ACEPO    NW9446
CEMEX MEXICO    NW9450
INDUTRIAS DEPVVADAS DEL ETHENO NW39742 LEGS 1 & 2
SINTESIS ORGANICAS    NW9742 LEGS 3 & 4
POLIESTIRENO y DEPIVADOS   NW9742 LEGS 5 & 6
CRISOBA INDUTRIAL    NW9790 LEGS 1 & 2
KIMBERLY CLARK DE MEXICO   NW9790 LEGS 3 & 4
Lexi,
I will be able to attend and am going to try to get to Austin in time for the 
faculty lunch.  I will let you know if I can make the lunch for sure after 
I've worked out my travel arrangements. 
Thanks,
Susan
Okay, I have to admit it is somewhat of a pansy schedule and it is going to 
be like that for about the next three years.  However, this season will give 
us the perfect opportunity to get all of our freshman and sophomores the 
necessary experience needed to win the National title two to three years from 
now.  Mack Brown is a master at pacing a teams rise to the top.  With the #1 
recruiting class in the country last year and a top 5 class this year the 
future looks bright for the Longhorns.  Besides, our stadium's on campus and 
we've sold over 40,000 season tickets...the games are bound to be fun 
regardless of how weak the opponents may be.
Counter?
Shorty
Ted Noble
08/25/2000 03:51 PM
Hey Shorty,
Sorry your week has been going poorly (I guess you feel like I did Wednesday 
night).  But on the bright side, college football starts this weekend which 
is always a plus and today is Friday which makes this bad week over.  I am in 
middle of packing once again for another move but the good news is that I get 
kicked out by 5:00 today.  I was checking out UT schedule and it looks like 
they have a pansy schedule (unlike UCLA that has to play Alabama #3 and 
Michigan #4 early in the season).  Any comments on that?
Ted
Susan M Scott
08/25/2000 02:37 PM
Well, this may go down as one of my absolute worst weeks ever.  Hope yours 
was better and that you made a full recovery from Steak Night.
Well, this may go down as one of my absolute worst weeks ever.  Hope yours 
was better and that you made a full recovery from Steak Night.
Sorry I didn't get a chance to buy you a beer last night - we got there 
late.  I owe you one.  Hope you had a great birthday.
Sorry I couldn't make it for cake last night.  I had to work late last 
night...Big Shock!!!  Anyway, hope it was fun and that you're having a great 
week.  Mine has been pretty busy work wise.  I'm sure you're curious about 
Mr. Noble.  All I can say right now is that, while I definitely still like 
him (we had a great time Sunday), I am some what annoyed with him right 
now...he's been very wishy-washy the first half of this week.  I'm not real 
sure what I'm going to do about it, but I'm sure I'll think of something.
Fly me to the moon.
Lesli,
I am indeed the right person and will be happy to rebook the deals below Just so you know, there are going to be several more deals that will need to 
be rebooked as soon as the CP's are set up.  If you could just let me know 
when the new CP's are set-up I will rebook the other deals as well.
Thanks,
Susan
31455
.
Susan,
If you are not the person I'm looking for could you just let me know who 
is.  If you are the right person please rebook the deals referenced below and 
let me know if you have any questions.
Thanks,
Lesli
3/5983
Lesli,
Have you tried Susan Scott?  She is the Book Admin that entered these and 
she's usually very helpful.  If you can't get in touch with her, let me know 
and I'll go up and see if I can get someone on that desk to move these over.
Thanks,
Joe
Joe,
I have been trying to get these deals rebooked and can't seem to find the 
right person.  The CP's have been set up and the deals just need to be 
moved.  Please let me know who I need to send these to if you can't help.
NV4984  Sanitarios Aztecas SA de CV
NV5335  Lamosa Revestimientos SA de CV
Thanks
Lesli
Same dude...and he is good.  We're going to Steak Night tonight at Little 
Woodrows which of course makes me happy.  Also, I just sent him a list of all 
the UT games so he can start planning to attend.  As soon as he decides on a 
first game I'm going to have to start preparing him to meet the family and 
others.  That's a lot of prep work.
How's the new dude?
Your own personal palm pilot hard at work.  As promised, here's a list of 
UT's games this season...color coded for your convenience of course 
Sep 9                UL Lafayette,  12:30pm
Sep 16              at Stanford,   10:15pm
Sep 23              Houston,   TBA
Sep 30              Oklahoma St.,  TBA
Oct 7                 Oklahoma,   3:30pm  (a.k.a. "OU Weekend"...this is a 
huge game...the two teams meet halfway at the Cotton Bowl in Dallas)
Oct 14               at Colorado,  TBA
Oct 21               Missouri,   TBA
Oct 28               Baylor,   TBA
Nov 4                at Texas Tech,  2:00pm
Nov 11              at Kansas,   TBA
Nov 24              Texas A&M,   3:30pm  (Thanksgiving Weekend)
All Times Eastern
* Home games are in burnt orange...what else?
I've gotten a bit more educated about IT revenue crediting since you asked 
your question yesterday.  "IT revenue crediting" is an industry term used to 
describe a requirement (brought about either by a FERC order or a rate case 
settlement) that IT revenues in excess of a certain dollar amount will be 
credited back to all firm shippers in the next rate proceeding or thru some 
refund mechanism.  Transwestern is currently not under any IT revenue 
crediting obligation, and I would be very hesitant to negotiate any such 
obligation with any individual shipper because then we would have to do the 
same for all firm shippers on a nondiscriminatory basis. 
If you need more info, let's talk.
The counterparty for that deal is Enron Omaha and the contact is Larry 
Paulou.  I am working on clearing up any other deals booked with the 
counterparty as New this morning.  Let me know if there is anything else you 
need.
Susan, Joe,
The referenced TAGG # was entered as a 'New Counterparty', can you please let 
me know what counterparty this is so we can correctly assess the counterparty 
exposure.
Thank you,
Russell
Hey there yourself,
Sorry I haven't written you guys in a while to keep you properly updated.  I 
am indeed checking on flights to Seoul and don't think I'm going to go at 
exactly the same time as my parents.  As much fun as they are, I figured we 
would probably do some different things than what you have planned for them.
As for Ted, things are still going well although I haven't see him at all 
this week (we are two very busy people).  But, we had a great laid back day 
last Saturday and I think have hit that comfortable stage...you know, not 
quite so formal about dates etc.  In one sense it's great, but it also makes 
things a lot harder to read.  Anyway, I'm sure my Mom told you guys but 
Travis and Kathy got to meet him and I think it went well.  Hopefully, if 
we're still dating come December, you and Chuck can meet him when you come 
back to visit.  I'm planning on dragging him to at least one of the U.T. 
games, I just have to find out when he wants to go (as well as properly 
prepare him for the Scott/Kelley/Parks/Wild Card gang and the full-day affair 
that is a U.T. game).
Things in Houston are good and definitely warm.  I went with Emily and her 
Mom last night to see the musical "Rent" and it was wonderful.  Also, I'm 
going out to San Diego for the Labor Day weekend to visit Hoot's daughter 
Julie.  Needless to say I am very excited.
Talk to you  guys soon,
Susan
Hey girlie,
How are you doing?  Haven't heard from you in a while.
A little birdie told me that you were checking into
tickets for Seoul.  Are you really?  Would you come
with your parents or separately?  In any case, we have
had some more time to do some exploring (and
shopping), so we have some good ideas about what to do
if you come.  I think that we will stay in Korea when
your parents come and do the whole base thing (which
will take only a few minutes, actually), but are
considering going to China or somewhere during part of
Thanksgiving.  We'll do whatever you want want if you
still are coming!
Let us know the latest with Ted and also with what's
going on in Houston.
Take care,
Chris
__________________________________________________
Do You Yahoo!?
Send instant messages & get email alerts with Yahoo! Messenger.
Hey Tonto (a.k.a - the trusty, but silent, side-kick to the Lone Ranger or in 
this case the Big D)
The play was very good and I think well received.  I'd forgotten how blown 
away I was by some of the songs the first time I saw it in NY.  The cast 
members really have to have incredibly powerful voices to pull off a few of 
the most poignant numbers ( I think this could be your true calling).  I 
caught the third day of Corey's Jeopardy run last night here at the office 
(yes, I had to come back after the play...I love my job!).  Anyway, I'm sure 
I'd mentioned it before but yes she is a very smart girl.  As a result of 
that, she has managed on several occasions over the years to detract from my 
enjoyment of playing Trivial Pursuit or watching Jeopardy by absolutely 
obliterating me (The girl actually did her senior thesis on Trivia 
Kori told me she saw you last night at Steak Night and introduced herself 
since I failed to do so the last time we went.  I should let you know though 
that she was very offended this morning that you didn't spell her name right 
in the email - I mean it's such a common spelling.  So was Darren there last 
night to meet her or do you just think they'd make a good match?  She's a 
very fun girl 
Hope you day is going well and that the move to 30 went off without a hitch Good luck with all of the "fun" meetings.
Shorty
-- Due to the lack of response yesterday, I'm beginning to worry about your 
success with the road test...I'm going to assume that you didn't get around 
to it.
Ted Noble
08/17/2000 10:05 AM
How was the play?  I forgot to tell you that I saw your friend on a re-run 
Jeopardy the other night and I almost called you but it came on at 11:30 Smart girl.  I ran into Corey last night at LWs and I am thinking this is a 
girl for Darren.  Anyway, lots of fun meetings today.  I'll talk to you later.
Maybe you should ignore the sentiment of the quote I sent earlier...I think 
you may be adhering to it too faithfully.  At this rate we may have to start 
pinning notes to your shirt to remind you to do things.  However, having 
driven with you on several occasions I feel confident you will be able to 
pass the test with flying colors.  Keep in mind though that if you end up 
failing I will not let you forget it (and, as we have established, I have the 
memory of an elephant 
I'll keep discussion of me to a minimum and just say that things are well on 
32.  Now back to what's really important...you.  Thought you'd like to know 
that the Dixie Chicks are coming back to Houston Dec. 12 and will performing 
just down the street from you at the Compaq Center...it's all about you and 
your needs.
Ted Noble
08/16/2000 10:56 AM
AAAAAGGGHHHHHH...I just found out that I need to take the TX drivers exam 
both written and on the rode.  This is a two day process and all because I 
let my CA license expire.   I know I need some of your organizational 
skills.  I may try to run out and take the test this afternoon while I get 
moved to 30 (I better not fail it). How's life on 32 today -- well that's 
enough about you let's talk more about me.
There is no pleasure in having nothing to do; the fun is in having lots to do
and not doing it. -Mary Little
Hey,
My week is actually going very well so far (my trader left around noon so 
today should be a piece of cake).  I know you
guys have been working really hard the last couple of days, but I hope it 
paid off and the presentation went well 
yesterday.  However, given your comment about y'alls idea getting the axe in 
the short term, I'm not sure that was 
necessarily the case.  Anyway, I'm sure at least your steak dinner was a hit 
(so were you able to resist the red wine 
this time, you lush 
In keeping with my very serious nature (yes, you heard me serious), I've 
attached little story for you...I got a pretty
good chuckle out of this one.
PS. - Thanks again for carting me around and feeding me Saturday...I, as 
usual, had a great time.  Oh, and by the way, kudos to both of us for 
actually making it through a home movie