Dan and Teresa,  Attached is the form of declaration of Managing Member under 
which Crescendo appoints ENA to exclusively negotiate a gathering deal with 
Wildhorse.  Please review 
Teresa,  Do you think we need to get the Class B member approval also for 
this appointment of ENA as representative?  The LLC Agreement is open with 
respect to the Managing Member delegating its duties.
Dan or Ward,  Please note that the Crescendo LLC Agreement Section 6.3 
indicates that if the Managing Member request the Class C Member (Enron) to 
provide certain financial or technical services, then Class C Member may do 
so for market based rates.  Is it the intention that Enron be reimbursed for 
any commercial or engineering services it provides to the LLC such as 
negotiating with Wildhorse or Project Management of the Plant Construction?
Gerald Lofton
06/13/2000 04:35 PM
This is the info we discussed earlier.
Thanks, Gerald.
Rusty Belflower@_DEVELOPMENT
05/22/2000 10:59 AM
Bill, 
I have revised the following to reflect what we discussed today. 
As an afterthought the only additional thing I would like to change is Item 1 to reflect minimum of twice or as deemed appropriate such as after a bad 
storm or when unauthorized "visitors" are reported at the site.
The following is a list of services for Texaco Pipelines LLC to monitor the 
leaching of
the new cavern:
A fixed fee of $1,800 per month, invoiced monthly, will provide
Enron with the following services:
1. Visual and physical inspection of the pump, wellhead, and associated
equipment (minimum twice in 24 hours or as deemed appropriate)
2. Pump pad oil as required
3. Backwash well twice a week
4. Communicate/coordinate with DOW on fresh water supply and brine
delivery
5. Routine maintenance and troubleshooting on well and associated
equipment (e.g. turbine meters, valve actuators, etc.)
6. Monitor sump area to avoid overflow
7. Write 3rd party work permits for any contract work being done on the
pump and well area
8. Start and stop fresh water booster pump as needed
9. Block in well in preparation for well logging
10. Obtain monthly electrical meter readings for Enron to verify direct
billing from Coastal Corp. to Enron.
11. Maintain files on well data
12. Forward Enron invoices to Enron in Houston.
For any maintenance activities, special projects, or other service requests
that extend beyond the 2 hours/day covered in the monthly fixed fee, Texaco
Pipelines LLC will invoice at $30/hour.  For contract services or materials
purchased by Texaco Pipelines LLC on behalf of Enron, Texaco will invoice
Enron at cost plus 15%.
Dennis,  Per Elizabeth Brown's request, I am providing the following 
information about Enron Compression Services Company
Address: 1400 Smith St.
Houston, Texas 77002
Fax:  (713) 646-8416
D&B #:  072773547
Commercial Contact: Mark Courtney (x-36368)
Credit Contact:  Bill Bradford  (x-33831)
Let me know if you need any further information.
fyi
Ranabir Dutt@
07/17/2000 04:20 PM
Amy:
Please book the same room for the same time (3 pm) on July 31 for a follow up 
meeting on Wind River.  The invitees will be
Katie Stowers
Joel Ephross
Gerald Nemec
Shonnie Daniel
Audrey Pullen
Dean Henry (BR)
Ann Vaughn (BR)
Sean Bunk (A&K)
Rob Taylor (A&K)
Also set up a conference call number as the folks from A&K and BR will not be 
coming over to our office.
Thanks
Ranabir
Amy Cooper@ECT
07/17/2000 09:06 AM
The new location for the Wind River meeting today at 3:00 p.m. is EB 2853.
Sean and Rob:
Please go to the Security Desk at the Enron Building, 1400 Smith, and sign 
in.  Then go to the 28th floor and I will meet you and take you to the 
conference room.  Thank you.
Amy
See attached.  Sorry for the delay
Amy Cooper
07/18/2000 12:13 PM
There will be a follow-up meeting on Wind River, Monday, July 31, 2000 at the 
Enron Building, EB 2868 from 3:00 p.m. to 6:00 p.m.
AT&T Conference call in number is: 877-300-8186
Host (Ranabir): 435376
Participant #: 257093
Please let me know if you are unable to attend this meeting.  Thank you.
Amy Cooper
713-345-8667
Attached are redlines of the latest revisions to the documents.  Upon your 
review we can forward to BR.
Michael C Bilberry
07/19/2000 09:12 AM
Dick Danes met some time ago with Exxon field personnel concerning this 
well.  They have now indicated that they have a good well and would like to 
be in service by August 15.  I have spoken with the Exxon commercial contact, 
Bill Nicus, and he indicated that they would like to site the meter station 
at the commonpoint and lay a 4" to HPL.  Dick is picking up a plat @Robstown 
office today that reflects where Exxon would like to tie into HPL.  Can we 
let Exxon install meter to our specs and pipeline and let us operate but they 
own?  We can tap our line and install riser for line to tie in.  I can get 
thruput commitment to pay out our investment in tap/riser.  I would prefer to 
let them bear costs and ownership with HPL doing measurement.   We will 
retain ownership of the tap/riser 
Steve Vanhooser is out but has assigned this project to Gerald Nemec.  By 
this memo I am requesting from Gerald a draft facility agreement and a 
amendment to the Interruptible Transportation Contract which is attached to 
the project agreement 
JoAnne Wagstaff@
07/17/2000 02:43 PM
Jim and J.R.,
The volume for Exxon Church of the Bretheren is:  5 million/day and will 
increase to 20 million/day.
Please let me know if you have any questions.
Thank You!
JoAnne 
X68228
Attached for your review are redlines of the latest revisions to the Lost 
Creek Documents based on our recent discussions.  Please let me know if you 
have any comments 
Looks like he punted to Russell Diamond.  Give Russell a call and let him 
know what we need.
Eric Gillaspie
07/19/2000 05:08 PM
Query:  What does this mean as far as our assignment request?
Eric Gillaspie
713-345-7667
Enron Building 3886
Brant Reves
07/19/2000 08:12 AM
Russell,
Please follow up on this and pursue a guaranty amendment if neccesary.
Thanks
brant
Eric Gillaspie
07/12/2000 04:19 PM
Mr. Reves,
I have not received a response in   to the assignment of the Entex 
contracts (as discussed below) from a credit standpoint.  We would like to 
make the assignment as soon as possible so long as credit does not have an 
issue with the new Entex entity 
Thanks,
Eric Gillaspie
713-345-7667
Enron Building 3886
Eric Gillaspie
06/27/2000 04:49 PM
Mr. Reeves,
Entex Gas Marketing intends to assign certain interruptible gas 
transportation agreements to a new company of theirs which is:
Entex Gas Resources Corp.  (it is a TX Corp.)
P.O. Box 200905
Houston, TX 77216
Would you please run a credit check on this new entity.
Thanks,
Eric Gillaspie
713-345-7667
Enron Building 3886
Is everything OK?  Didn't hear from you.
Janel Guerrero@
07/19/2000 02:27 PM
Hi.  I'll call you tonight at home -- I've got a crisis going on with my 
mother in Italy 
Kay,  I would like a copy.  Thanks.
Kay Young
07/20/2000 02:41 PM
Gerald:  ECT (ENA) has an agreement with TransEnergie in Montreal re 
Potential business arrangement involving Eastern US power transmission 
facilities specifically those located within the NPCC, MAAC, ECAR, SERC, and 
RRC North American Electric Reliability Council Regions 
2/99 - 2/2001.  It is bilateral and contains no restrictive provisions.  Let 
me know if you would like to see it.
Kay
Kay C. Young
Legal Specialist
Gerald Nemec
07/20/2000 02:10 PM
Kay,  Please see attached.  Thanks.
Attached is a draft of the Master Firm Purchase Agreement between ECS 
(Seller) and ECT (Buyer) with a confirm for Bisti  and Bloomfield.  These 
mirror the Master Firm Purchase and confirms between ECC (Seller) and ECS 
(Buyer).  Please review.  Per our discussion yesterday, ECT will take title 
at the West Texas Pool and transport off of TW under the existing transport 
contract between TW and ECT.
Mark,  I wasn't sure who needed to see this on ECT's commercial side, so 
please forward to whomever is appropriate.
Scott,  Attached is the TransEnergie agreement with my revisions.  Please 
review and let me know if you have any questions.  If you want executable 
copies, let me know.  Thanks.
Attached is a clean and redlined version of the amendment with the changes we 
discussed.  Let me know if you have any questions.
Confidential Work Material - Attorney Client Privilege
Attached for review is a draft of the letter to be sent to Wildhorse 
concerning the Gathering Agreement under which the Entrada and Dakota 
production is committed.  Please review and provide comments.
To summarize activities to date concerning this Gathering Agreement:
1.  Conducted a conference call with Brett Frie on Wednesday.  Brett also 
forwarded some correspondence between Enogex and Wildhorse.  The 
correspondence contained a summary of meeting minutes for two meetings 
conducted between Enogex and Wildhorse.  No demands were made by Enogex and 
no claims of unprofitability were made by Wildhorse.  Brett stated that the 
Entrada and to some extent the Dakota gas were shut in or curtailed because 
the downstream carriers starting enforcing their tighter gas specifications Enogex took Wildhorse's word for that and never checked with Northwest or 
Questar.  I asked Brett why he thought Wildhorse would straight away release 
the gas.  He responded that he thought they would do so only if Crescendo 
negotiated an alternative arrangement with Wildhorse 
2.  I received more correspondence on Friday from Ken Krisa.  Nothing really 
useful.  There was a letter from Wildhorse to another producer in the area 
called Lone Mountain Production Company which stated that Wildhorse thought 
these assets were in a state of economic viability decline.  Unfortunately 
this letter was not directed to Enogex.  However, the draft letter takes that 
position with Wildhorse.
3.  I am securing local consul out of Denver.  I want someone intimately 
familiar with Utah and Colorado law from a litigation and timing perspective 
to be involved.  We may need to seek a declaratory order.   We have run into 
to conflicts with law firm that have represented either KN or Tom Brown Should have this resolved on Monday.
4.  Agreed to language on Friday with Ken Krisa and Jim Osborne and the 
declaration by Crescendo giving power to ENA to negotiate with Wildhorse 
This draft does state our desire to pursue a release of the gas.  However, to 
reiterate, based on the current facts we do not have a black and white right 
to deem this gas as released under the Gathering Agreement.  The fact that 
the Entrada Gas is not in spec. with the downstream pipelines for inerts, 
allows Wildhorse to suspend their receipt of this gas without being in 
default. 
Joan,  The contract states that Wildhorse only has to accept gas from 
Crescendo that the downstream carriers will accept.  Per Brett Frie at 
Enogex, the Entrada production is 24% Nitrogen.  Until the plant is up and 
running, this gas will not meet any of the downstream carriers specs.  I am 
not sure how we get the Nitrogen out of the gas stream without the plant 
The Dakota production was not mentioned in the letter, because I have no 
facts about the gas quality of this gas.  You had forwarded emails last week 
indicating the Dan Reineke was to take samples at the wellhead and downstream 
of Wildhorse's plant.  Once we have these facts we can send a letter 
concerning the Dakota.  Do you have any info on these samples?
Joan Quick
07/24/2000 07:17 PM
Per the drafts, we are asking "Wildhorse to accept all gas delivered.... upon 
startup of the Treating Plant."   I thought the purpose of this letter was to 
get Wildhorse to take all of our gas right now, not just after the plant is 
started up.  Is this not so?   I agree with Dan, that  this letter only 
discusses the Entrada gas, with no mention of the Dakota curtailment, which I 
think it should.
I had just a couple minor changes 
Gerald 
I have provided a few coments (redlined) to your draft letter attached below.
However, I wanted to offer the following ideas for discussion with you and 
the others listed above as to potential inclusion in the Wildhorse letter:
A.  Should we request written notification from Wildhorse related to the 
shut-in status of Entrada production?  Should we request written notification 
related to the recent curtailment of Dakota production?  [As we've discussed, 
Enogex never requested anything in writing from Wildhorse, so we do not have 
any historic documentation of Wildhorse's claims].
B.  Should we identify (potential) contractual issues due to the curtailment 
of Dakota production; e.g.  Sec. 6 detailing the (wellhead) delivery pressure 
requirements under this contract, et al?  [As we've discussed, the system 
pressures have increased due to (initially) gas being re-routed by Wildhorse 
over the past two years which has loaded the San Arroyo system, and now the 
NWPL quality issues and subsequent Wildhorse curtailments has increased 
pressures system-wide.  If Wildhorse based their ability to allow these 
problems to persist by referring to Sec. 7 "Gas Quality" of the agreement, 
what remedies can we request....partial release of Dakota gas 
Here's the frustration, based on conversations with producers in the area and 
the documents we've received from Enogex, Wildhorse has continued to attach 
non-pipeline quality spec gas to their system over the past couple years to 
increase gathering revenues, yet has not invested any $$$ for processing of 
this gas to meet or exceed the specs of downstream pipelines.  Then, they use 
the downstream pipes as the reason for shutting in all their captive 
producers, and have thus far offered no solutions to the system pressure and 
quality issues discussed above.  Therefore, its critical that this letter 
gets to the "right" people within Wildhorse and, if possible, make reference 
to some element of timing (e.g., reasonable dispatch, commercially reasonable 
manner, etc 
Thanks.
Dan
Have you worked your way back into the real world yet or are you still 
adjusting?  This week has been pretty busy already and it is only Tuesday Want to try and hook up for lunch tomorrow?  Let me know how your schedule 
looks.
Here is the term sheet.  Chris can you give me a complete list of 
counterparties, with pricing and volume information for each counterparty.
Michael J Legler@
07/26/2000 09:17 AM
Gerald,
Attached is a draft proposed term sheet for you to take a look at and give 
comments.
Mike
Tomorrow at noon sounds good.  I have primarily been working on Denver 
stuff.  Although a new project up in Denver.  One that I wish I hadn't gotten 
involved in 
I also need to hit the gym.  Been thinking about taking Kick Boxing lessons A good way to take out aggression 
Janel Guerrero@
07/26/2000 10:49 AM
Hi.  Recovery is taking longer than I thought.  I've read all my mail, and 
washed all my clothes but I still owe quite a few people phone calls (long 
distance friends who called while I was away).  I was able to get some stuff 
done at work on Sunday but probably need to come in again this weekend.  I 
just feel unmotivated -- so need to hit the gym next week and will probably 
feel a lot  better 
Lunch tomorrow sounds good -- noon downstairs 
Are you still working on Colorado stuff or is something else keeping you busy?
Gerald Nemec@ECT
07/26/2000 10:45 AM
Have you worked your way back into the real world yet or are you still 
adjusting?  This week has been pretty busy already and it is only Tuesday Want to try and hook up for lunch tomorrow?  Let me know how your schedule 
looks.
Attached is my draft revised term sheet for the producer purchase 
agreements.  Let me know if you have any comments.
Forgot to copy you on the original dist.
Gerald Nemec
07/26/2000 05:38 PM
Attached is my draft revised term sheet for the producer purchase 
agreements.  Let me know if you have any comments.
My thought is just to take all this language out and solely leave us on out 
if we don't get the transport for any reason under the terms of the Precedent 
Agreement.  Counterparty might not go for it, but it would clear this issue 
up 
Barbara N Gray
07/26/2000 06:45 PM
gerald,what do you think "reasonable efforts to acquire" means?  do we have 
to elect to take transport....at what price........since producer must pay 
the price under the contract price formula....we may need to be willing to 
agree on a range of acceptable prices...........this would also help define 
reasonale efforts...........................your thoughts please   bng
Mary Ogden on 05/13/99 09:25:03 AM
THERE'S ONE IN HERE TO OFFEND ALMOST EVERYONE'S TEXAS ALMA MATER >
* How many UT students does it take to screw in a light bulb?
Fifty - one to screw it in, and the other 49 to complain because a person
of their race, gender, or sexual preference didn't get to screw in the
light bulb.