Michael,
Thanks for the information. We shall have the 
results for you by tomorrow morning.
Vince
Michael Anderson @ AZURIX
08/23/2000 07:48 PM
I talked with Keith Harris, our CFO at Wessex, about the RAB multiple graph I 
gave you.  He expressed that the Wessex people had originated the data and 
that the graph was correct, to the best of their knowledge.  The only (but 
very important correction) is that they started the graph at an index of 
100%, which does not imply a 100% of RAB multiple.  Rather, the initial RAB 
multiple was around 80%, implying that the entire line should be taken down 
by 20 percentile points.  Thus the all time hime in late 98 should be closer 
to the 1.3x RAB that I had targeted during our discussion.  Please call Keith 
if he has not yet contact you.
Norma,
I cannot open the Excel file. It's encrypted.
Vince
FYI
Vince
Michael Anderson @ AZURIX
08/23/2000 07:48 PM
I talked with Keith Harris, our CFO at Wessex, about the RAB multiple graph I 
gave you.  He expressed that the Wessex people had originated the data and 
that the graph was correct, to the best of their knowledge.  The only (but 
very important correction) is that they started the graph at an index of 
100%, which does not imply a 100% of RAB multiple.  Rather, the initial RAB 
multiple was around 80%, implying that the entire line should be taken down 
by 20 percentile points.  Thus the all time hime in late 98 should be closer 
to the 1.3x RAB that I had targeted during our discussion.  Please call Keith 
if he has not yet contact you.
John,
Easter may not work for me because I shall most likely
be visiting my son who goes to school in California (we were spending
Easter together for the last three years).
Vince
Hello from Texas,
We are trying to set up our meeting date for the 2001 conference and have run 
into a snag.  We cannot get our San Antonio hotel on the first weekend in 
April (as last year).  However, we can get the hotel and make all our "fun" 
arrangements for the second weekend in April.  However, this is Easter 
weekend.  The good news is that the room rates are substantially lower 
because it's a holiday.  However, we are concerned that holding the meeting 
on this particular Friday-Saturday will interfere with family plans such that 
some or many of you may not be able to attend 
My related question to you is this:
Does holding the meeting on the second weekend in April (Easter weekend) pose 
a problem for you?  Please give us your thoughts ASAP even if you think you 
may not be able to attend this year's conference.  We need your opinion to 
guide our decision.
Thanks and I   all again next April (sometime)!
John 
p.s.  We are very fortunate to have Enron return as our corporate sponsor 
again this year John D. Martin
Carr P. Collins Chair in Finance
Finance Department
Baylor University
PO Box 98004
Waco, TX 76798
254-710-4473 (Office)
254-710-1092 (Fax)
J_Martin@Baylor.edu
web 
Mulong,
I think you can easily find this information on Internet.
Vince
mulong wang  Dear Dr. Kaminski:
Thank you very much for the natural gas information. The electricity price
is also definitely of great help if it can be available.
Could you kindly please let me know the contact information for FT or
Megawatt Daily? I will contact them asap to get their permission for the
access of the price data.
Thank you very much and have a great day!
Mulong
On Mon, 16 Apr 2001 Vince.J.Kaminski@ wrote: