Yes, we will have cheese, fruit and bread to accent the wine.
Greg Giordano,
Director
Dan,  Attached are the latest independent docs with the Collection Facilities 
funding, construction, and fee structure.  I  am working on a form a 
construction agreement which will be attached as an Exhibit to the Field 
Services Agreement.
Dan,  Attached are the Field Services and Purchase Agreement with the changes 
we discussed.  As we further discussed, there will be a letter agreement 
between Independent and Neidigger (??) which gives independent the right to 
produce and market his gas in accordance with the terms of the attached 
agreements.  Do you have Niedigger real name and type of entity?
Please review and forward to IPC.  This will be required to commit Niedigger 
gas to our purchasing and field services agreements.
Fine by me.
Pat Radford
05/13/99 02:20 PM
I would like to take vacation on the following dates:
July 1 and July 2
July 8, 9 & 12
Please let me know if these dates are OK with you.
BRENDA:  My first choice for a temp is Chris Koenig, second choice is Terry 
Virgillio (sitting for Erica today).
Here it  is.  Please revise as necessary.
Gerald,
Please review the attached files and provide comments by August 9.
The siteag.doc is a proposed Compressor Site Agreement for the Powder
River Basin.  This document was given to the ROW contractor by a
landowner in the area.  In paragraph 6, I removed a sentence
concerning the obligation to fence the site since we were instructed
to only build a fence around the Main Station.
The easement file contains a few modifications to accommodate future
pipelines.  BLUE is where Ted (ROW Contractor) added something, and
RED is where Ted suggest the wording be removed.  For example, Item
#1, (the option) we removed because we are ready to obtain the
easement, rather than only an option.  Item #16 was added to address a
future line.
Sincerely,
Pam Sherman
- siteag.doc
- easement
David,  Attached is a construction agreement draft for a $750,000 gathering 
system between Sapphire Bay.LLC (of which ECT, Jedi II, and Independent are 
members) and Independent as contractor.  Sappire Bay will own the gathering 
system.
Please give me a call to discuss.
Paul,  Attached is the draft of the Agreement for your review.
Ken, Attached is a redline that might make your review easier.  I didn't want 
to forward this one to Hanover.  Let me know if you have any questions.
Attached is a redline with the changes we discussed.  Please review and if it 
looks OK, please forward to Susan and Dave.
The latest and greatest including form of construction agreement.
Lillie,  You might try checking with Jack Simunek.  I am not sure there is 
any documentation on this, but he has a pretty good handle on this issue Jim Coffey at one time issued a one page memo on just this subject.  Might 
also check with him.  Once we decide whether to apply this or not, putting 
this into a contract is a relatively simple matter.
Lillie Pittman
08/04/99 05:54 PM
Gerald,
Do you have any information on the tax gross up percentage for HPL.?  Also is there an established policy for applying gross up to reimbursable 
projects I have not seen any contract language for HPL projects  that address gross up 
as part of the producer's cost.  I have, however, occasionally seen gross up
included on the work order estimate. 
If you have any documentation, would you please forward to me.
Any chance they could email electronic version of this Agreement?
Mark Knippa
08/05/99 10:17 AM
Gerald,
I am sending up a copy of the proposed contract structure from Continental 
Divide
who is the local power utility associated with the Transwestern Gallup 
station.
Overall the commercial terms seem to be in line with all the discussions that 
have
been referenced, although there are some issues we want to make vary clear or
more apparent.
1) ECS is agreeing to a 3 yr term "to buy power from Continental Divide" 
assuming
the merger is completed and power is available to ECS through the No. 21 
tariff.
2) They have provided none of the information concerning a split demand 
charge 
that totals $12.21/kw.  Discussions reflect that $8.86/kw is avoidable 
and tied to
their monthly coincidental peak load and the remaining $3.35/kw is a 
base type
demand.  This is the basis of the rebate mechanism for TW.  Note this 
is also
a Tri-State portion and part of the tariff 21.
3) ECS is aware of more favourable contract structures that Tri-State has 
negotiated
and wants to maintain the ability to utilize a more favourable 
tariff/contract structure 
or to negotiate specifics with Continental Divide post the Tri-State 
merger.   We 
would still be buying from Continental Divide supporting their 3 yr term.
I am trying to get some written specifics from Continental Divide / Tri-State 
relative
to the demand avoidance since they are currently using this structure today I'll let
you know.
Otherwise I wanted to get the document to you for your review.
Thanks
Attached is LOI with our revisions redlined.  Please review and call either 
Mark or myself to discuss.
Here it is.
Paul,  Attached is the draft of the Agreement for your review.
I will be attending.
Kim Zachary
05/14/99 08:43 AM
Please be sure to RSVP to me via e-mail on whether or not you will be able to 
attend their baby shower.  I am ordering lunch and I need an accurate count It will be on Thursday, May 27th from 11:30-1:00pm in EB 49C4.  Thanks.
Kim
Dan,  Attached are the lastest turns of Kennedy.  Let me know if you or 
Kennedy have questions.
Lisa,    It is extremely hard to watch you struggle through this.  It is hard 
for me also.  I sit up here trying to work when the reality of our current 
situation weighs on me like a ton of bricks.   It is hard for me not to break 
down a couple of times a day, but the pace of my work usually forces me 
through those times.
I don't know if my calling you, asking you to lunch, or holding your hand, 
helps or hurts at this time.  But I am not going to let us give up on each 
other.  My feelings for you run too deep to just try and bury them so that I 
don't have to think about all the pain.
We are both struggling to find a place to start.  I want to start by just 
letting you know that not a day goes by without me thinking of a time when we 
can put this behind us.  I am not sure how to get there right now either However, during those few precious time lately when I get to look into your 
eyes, I see the true Lisa (changed as she is by the last couple of years but still Lisa nonetheless.  I need to get to know this changed true Lisa, 
whatever happens in the near future.
I felt I just to had to write this email.
Gerald
Attached is the termination letter with my revision.  Both a clean and 
redlined version.
Brian,  Attached is a draft of the termination letter.  The letter assumes 
the letter agreement was executed.  There also appears to be an agency 
agreement which appointed Merrick as agent for ROW acquisition.  This is also 
terminated by the letter.  I haven't heard from Shonnie yet.  Please review 
and add any comments you have.  Thanks
David Marshall (ECT risk management) insurance review.  Note the issue about=20
the Delay in Start Up insurance (DSU).  I will contact Lyn Bellenhausen to=20
see if she anticipated a pipeline project in the original LLC insurance=20
requirements.
Gerald,
I've reviewed the facilities construction agreement "FCA"and the Exhibit F to=20
the LLC agreement that you provided.  Suggest that we simply incorporate the=20
Exhibit F requirements into the FCA by reference, and add an additional=20
requirement that Independent procure Builders All Risk insurance coverage in=20
an amount sufficent to cover the full replacement cost of the 'work' and its=20
components while intrasit to the jobsite, in temporary offsite storage and=20
while awaitng installation at the site.  Additionally, if the project is=20
finaced, lenders may require insurance coverage for scheduled p & i payments=20
if the proejct suffers a delay in start-up as a result of a physical damage=20
loss.  In the absence of a lender mandate, the purchase of DSU coverage=20
becomes a commercial decision.  Suggest the following  sample wording:
A.  Builders Risk Insurance
Naming Owner, Contractor, Lenders, (the =01&Project Counterparties=018) as Insureds=20
and providing coverage for physical loss of or damage to property intended=20
for incorporation into the Work:
i) While at the jobsite awaiting installation, during testing and=20
commissioning and at all times prior to Final Completion (use appropriate=20
term as is  consistent with the EPC document)=20
ii) While intransit to the jobsite.
iii) While in temporary offsite storage
Subject to limits of liability as follows:
i) Equal to the full insurable vale of the EPC Contract, $                   =20
ii) Adequate to cover the exposure or $10,000,000 per conveyance, whichever=20
is greater.
iii) Adequate to cover the exposure or $15,000,000 per occurrence, whichever=20
is greater.
B.   Delay in Start Up Insurance
In an amount sufficient to cover x months fixed operating expenses and debt=20
service obligations.  Such coverage to apply in the event of the occurrence=20
of a physical damage loss covered under the Builders Risk policy.
Additional Requirements=20
Coverages A and B herein shall apply as primary insurance for the Work and=20
shall be without any rights of contrbution from any similar insurance whihc=20
may be maintained by the parties hereto.=20
In the event that any insurance (including limits and deductibles thereof)=20
hereby required to be maintained under this Insurance Coverage section A or=20
B, shall not be available at commercially reasonable terms because of the=20
refurbished nature of any equipment to be incorporated at the Facility,=20
(Project Counterparties) shall not unreasonably withhold its agreement to=20
waive such requirement, provided that Independent shall first request any=20
such waiver in writing.
Attached are David's comments.  The gathering facilities that Independent=20
will be constructing (in their individual corporate capacity) are valued at=20
approximately $750,000.
Gerald,
I've reviewed the facilities construction agreement "FCA"and the Exhibit F to=20
the LLC agreement that you provided.  Suggest that we simply incorporate the=20
Exhibit F requirements into the FCA by reference, and add an additional=20
requirement that Independent procure Builders All Risk insurance coverage in=20
an amount sufficent to cover the full replacement cost of the 'work' and its=20
components while intrasit to the jobsite, in temporary offsite storage and=20
while awaitng installation at the site.  Additionally, if the project is=20
finaced, lenders may require insurance coverage for scheduled p & i payments=20
if the proejct suffers a delay in start-up as a result of a physical damage=20
loss.  In the absence of a lender mandate, the purchase of DSU coverage=20
becomes a commercial decision.  Suggest the following  sample wording:
A.  Builders Risk Insurance
Naming Owner, Contractor, Lenders, (the =01&Project Counterparties=018) as Insureds=20
and providing coverage for physical loss of or damage to property intended=20
for incorporation into the Work:
i) While at the jobsite awaiting installation, during testing and=20
commissioning and at all times prior to Final Completion (use appropriate=20
term as is  consistent with the EPC document)=20
ii) While intransit to the jobsite.
iii) While in temporary offsite storage
Subject to limits of liability as follows:
i) Equal to the full insurable vale of the EPC Contract, $                   =20
ii) Adequate to cover the exposure or $10,000,000 per conveyance, whichever=20
is greater.
iii) Adequate to cover the exposure or $15,000,000 per occurrence, whichever=20
is greater.
B.   Delay in Start Up Insurance
In an amount sufficient to cover x months fixed operating expenses and debt=20
service obligations.  Such coverage to apply in the event of the occurrence=20
of a physical damage loss covered under the Builders Risk policy.
Additional Requirements=20
Coverages A and B herein shall apply as primary insurance for the Work and=20
shall be without any rights of contrbution from any similar insurance whihc=20
may be maintained by the parties hereto.=20
In the event that any insurance (including limits and deductibles thereof)=20
hereby required to be maintained under this Insurance Coverage section A or=20
B, shall not be available at commercially reasonable terms because of the=20
refurbished nature of any equipment to be incorporated at the Facility,=20
(Project Counterparties) shall not unreasonably withhold its agreement to=20
waive such requirement, provided that Independent shall first request any=20
such waiver in writing.
G,  How is it going?  Been a while since we spoke.  What have you been up to?
As for me, just a lot of work and little vacation worked in there.  Nothing 
real exciting.  Finally finished the redo of that damn kitchen.  I don't 
think I will be undertaking any home repair projects on my own anytime soon.
I am having Austin withdrawals and need to get back real soon.  It won't be 
long now though for football.  Sounds like Redding and Sims look pretty good 
in practices so far.  That first game makes me nervous.  NC State is a pretty 
good passing team and we may have freshman cornerbacks starting 
Now for the real subject.  Tailgating.  How is it shaping up this year?  Same 
place, cold beer, good food.  I am definitely coming in for the NC State 
game.  Lisa may or may not be with me.  Don't know yet.  Anyway I will be 
glad to contribute to the cause 
Drop me a note when you get a chance and fill me in.
Dan,  Attached are the 1st drafts.
Dan,  Please disregard the prior draft and use this one.
GT,  The theme of the party sounds excellent.  What time is the party on 
Friday and where does the boat leave?  I may take a day of vacation.  I have 
more than I can probably use this year.
G$
Gerald,
How are you brother? I'm doing fine. School is starting this Thursday so I
am working my ass off. Kind of anyway. (You know us state employees) I look
forward to Tailgate number 1. You are welcome to stay with me. Also, I am
having a huge party on a double deck boat. The name of the party is "No Le
Hace 99." That means "it doesn't matter" in spanish. (slang version means
who gives a f___.)The date is September 3rd which is a Friday. See If you
and Lisa can make it. You are welcome to stay at my house.
Talk to you later and Hook em Horns
GT
See attached word doc.
Here it is.
Paul,  Attached is the draft of the Agreement for your review.
Mary Ogden on 05/18/99 10:42:15 AM
25 Thinnest Books
 25.   "My Plan To Find The Real Killers" by OJ Simpson
 24.   "To All The Men I've Loved Before" by Ellen
DeGeneres
 23.   "The Book of Virtues" by Bill Clinton
 22.   "The Difference between Reality and Dilbert" by
Scott Adams
 21.   "Human Rights Advances in China"
 20.   Things I Wouldn't Do for Money" by Dennis Rodman
 19.   Al Gore: The Wild Years
 18.   Amelia Earhart's Guide to the Pacific Ocean
 17.   America's Most Popular Lawyers
 16.   Career Opportunities for Liberal Arts Majors -
Update > that
to Political Science majors, 90's Liberal Arts > replacement.
 15.   Detroit - A Travel Guide
 14.   Different Ways to Spell "Bob"
 13.   Dr. Kevorkian's Collection of Motivational Speeches
 12.   Easy UNIX   > 11.   Ethiopian Tips on World Dominance
 10.   Everything Men Know About Women
 9.    Everything Women Know About Men
 8.    French Hospitality
 7.    George Foreman's Big Book of Baby Names
 6.    "How to Sustain a Musical Career" by Art Garfunkel
 5.    Mike Tyson's "Guide to Dating Etiquette"
 4.    "One Hundred and One Spotted Owl Recipes" by the EPA
 3.    Staple Your Way to Success
 2.    The Amish Phone Directory
And the Number ONE World's Shortest Book:
      > 1.   The Engineer's Guide to Fashion
FYI
G-Money:
Another term sheet for your review and comments 
Word--
D-Rock
fyi
Gerald:
Coleman is ready to sign an LOU and begin the contracting phase; I have had 
numerous discussions with Coleman the past five months and they have seen a 
few versions of the attached term sheet.  I cannot remember if Shonnie has 
reviewed any of the term sheets, so I would appreciate it if you could review 
the latest version of the term sheet and share your suggestions.  (The MDQ 
ratchet in the term sheet is admittedly somewhat confusing...but I'm trying 
to limit the amount of MDQ that ECT holds open for these small companies who 
are just now beginning to drill acreage in undeveloped areas 
Thanks.
Dan
Greg,  Attached is a clean and redlined version of the Gateway Interconnect 
Agreement.  Please review before forwarding to Pace to make sure the 
ownership concept is in accordance with your negotiations.  Please call me if 
you have any questions and I will forward the Rio Nogales later today.
Attached is the draft interconnect agreement.
Dan,  Attached are the drafts with the revisions we discussed. Both clean and 
redlined against prior version.
Here they are.  Enjoy.  Call me to go over a few points before we forward to 
Denise.
Please review and let me know if you have any questions 
Greg,  Attached is a draft settlement and release agreement for the Westfield 
#1.  Please review and let me know if you have any questions.  Note, the 
adjusted invoice is to be attached as Exhibit A to this Agreement.
GT,  I will be taking Friday off.  Probably drive in Friday morning or early 
afternoon.  What are your plans that day?  If you need any help setting up or 
anything let me know.
G$
g,
The boat leaves at 6:00 pm from Carlos and Charlies. It would help if you
took a  day of vacation. We are going to have a blast. Check at work and let
me know what your plans are.
GT
Mark,  I added Paragraph 3 in Article II to cover any obligations which ECS 
incurs for the drive and WT1.  Please review and if OK I will forward to 
Susan for her review.
Larry,  I made a few changes and filled in the blanks.  Please call me to 
discuss.
Would you please stop wetting your cube and blaming it on me!
I've just got a bill from Enron Property Services here for $150 in water 
damage to my cubical carpet !!  I'll forward it on to you.
Dan,  Attached are the documents with my revsions.  Let me know if you have 
any questions.
Please disregard the version I sent about 30 minutes prior and use these.
Dan,  Attached are the drafts with the Collection Facilities language.  Blank 
exhibits for the Security Agreement Form and Insurance requirements.  Will 
forward as soon as I am able to obtain them.  Let me know if you have any 
questions.
Dan,  Could you ask Denise if all the Lease Agreement are the same form.  If 
not, I need to see all of them.
Tony,  The following steps follow the contract amendment (assumes Bloomfield 
contract):
1.  Calculate the number of hours that the driver was down for force majeure.
2.  Subtract the hours in #1 from the total hours in the month.
3.  Calculate the Monthly Contract Quantity as defined in the amendment 
(Bloomfield -- 7000 times # of hours developed in #2 above)
4.  Calculate the Load Factor as defined in the agreement.
Since we don't have a load factor during those hours of the Force Majeure 
Event, we assume that the unit would have run at the load factor in #4 above 
if not for the Force Majeure event.
Thus, 
5.  Multiply the Load Factor times 7000 (max HP-hrs) times # of hours of 
force majeure event.  This gives you the equivalent HP-hours that would have 
been used during the Force Majeure event or Supply Interruption.
6.  In accordance with the amended Section 3.2(a), to calculate HP-hour 
charge do the following:
Multiply Conversion Factor (taken from Exhibit based on load factor) times 
(Shaft Energy delivered + Equivalent   HP-hours during Force Majeure [this is 
the number calculated in #5 above]) times 1.031.
Let me know if you have any questions.  We can work through an example if we 
need to.  Thanks.
I know love isn't enough by itself.  We have to give each other more.  The 
types of things that make the other feel full and complete in life.  We have 
focused on material things,  when really more meaningful things, such telling 
the other that you have an interesting way of looking or thinking about some 
facet of life are what fills each other.  We are both bright and ambituous 
people who should be able to enjoy the finer things in life, but in the right 
context.  Not as direction, but as background to connecting as husband and 
wife.  Husband and wife means many things; friends, supporters, providers, 
sounding boards, lovers,  shoulder to cry on, someone to just hold onto, or 
walk hand in hand on the beach.  I want to do these things for you and want 
you to do them for me.   Hope you can think of me 
Love,
Gerald 
Denise 
Attached is the agreement with changes redlined.  Please review and call me 
if you have questions.  (713) 853-3512
Thought you might be interested.  Just in case you aren't recieving these 
emails.
VALUE AT RISK
August 25 & 26/September 28 & 29
Can you 
Give a precise definition of Value at Risk?
Describe how VaR is changing the way companies evaluate risk in their 
businesses?
Discuss how these changing views of risk will impact the use of hedging 
products?
Define the standardizing practice of Risk Mapping?
Illustrate a simple VaR model and accurately discuss the modeling process?
Evaluate the impact of correlation on the calculation of VaR?
An understanding of Value at Risk (VaR) is rapidly becoming an integral 
business need.  The (2 day) VaR seminar is designed to introduce participants 
to this interrelationship of the many factors that make VaR a dynamic and 
strategic tool.  The program ends with a "hands-on" experience of making a 
simple VaR calculation.
If interested, please register through the Development Center or call the 
Ernie help line at ext. 3-0357.
Has the few changes we discussed.
Meant to copy you on this 
Has the few changes we discussed.
Please read the attached and respond. 
George,   Please review the attached and let me know if you agree.  Thanks.
Steve, Per our previous discussions, I am preparing to draft assignments of 
the following processing agreements (between 3rd Party Processors and HPLR) 
from HPLR to HPLC 
King Ranch Processing Plant
1.  Gas Processing Agreement between HPLR and Exxon Company USA dated July 
23, 1997
*  Flow up to 10 mmcf/d (Primary Term to Sept. 30, 1999, then month to 
month)
2.  Gas Processing Agreement between HPLR, HPLC, and Exxon Company USA dated 
May 20, 1998
*  Processing for EOG BIG Cowboy Gas currently being purchased up to 70,000 
MMBtu (Primary     Term through October 31, 2003
*  This agreement originally gave HPLR the processing capacity rights since 
HPLR was    originally purchasing the Big Cowboy Gas under the Excess Gas 
Contract.  This contract has   been terminated and HPLC currently purchases 
this gas.  This processing agreement by its   terms reverts the processing 
capacity rights back to HPLC.  However, I will prepare a    confirming 
assignment of this reversion.
3.  Gas Liquifiables Purchase Agreement between HPLR, HPLC, and Exxon 
Company USA dated October 4, 1996
*  Processing for Seumar Cage Ranch Field volumes originally purchased by 
HPLR up to 30,000 MMBtu.        (Primary Term through through March 31, 
2001.)  The Seumar contract has been transferred to HPLC.         That 
portion of the contract governing sales of natural gas liquids from HPLR to 
Exxon will be assign to        HPLC.
UPRC Gulf Plains Processing Plant
1.  This processing agreement has previously been assigned to HPLC. 
Please confirm the above wrt HPLC currently purchasing all the production at 
Big Cowboy and Cage Ranch 
Karry, 
Please re-confirm that the above are all the active processing agreement we 
currently have with 3rd Party Plants.
Please let me know if there are any comments or issues with regard to such 
assignments.  Along with such assignments, notification of assignment letters 
will be prepared and forwarded to Exxon 
Here it is.
- 0096238.DOC
David,  Please review the attached document, specifically Section 6.7.
Attached are the changes we discussed today.
Rude Dog,
Maverick,  It's no good up here.  I'm holding on too tight.  I've lost the 
edge.
Yes, it is close.  I am pretty pumped.  I am also extremely nervous about 
Barnette and their passing game.  Looks like Walker and Hill will be the 
starting corners.  Yikes!  I think our defense will be able to put some 
pressure on Barnette with the type of speed we have at linebacker now.  If we 
don't get any pressure on Barnette, I think we will likely lose this game But I am hopeful that big Shaun Rogers will wreak havoc in the middle.
The offense is still a big questions.  The level of talent on the OL gives me 
comfort.  Davis, Kirk-Hughes (so big they gave him two names), Roesler, etc. 
are all big time.  The 1st series should be really interesting.  I think we 
come out passing lights out to loosen up the run defense.  Then start sending 
Ike off Roesler and Davis.  Occasionally send Flowers down the field on the 
fly and have Applewhite throw it as far as he can.  It is going to be a good 
one 
Which game is the first one you'll be able to go to?  How are the Australian 
women?  Bring pictures and stories.  Preferably with much embellishment.
G$
Bruce Rudy@_DEVELOPMENT
08/24/99 09:35 PM
G$-
Well, only 4 more days to go until kickoff.  What do you think about the 
game?  I saw that we are 9.5 point favorites.  I personally would love to win 
by that much.  NCSt.'s passing attack really scares me.  I guess I still 
don't have a lot of confidence in our CBs yet.  I think that Jammer and 
Jackson(from what I have read) are solid in the middle and our front 4 is 
just plain stout.  We have alot of depth at LB as well, so I guess we will 
need to get maximum pressure on  Barnette to help out JW, EH, AB, & RB Offensively, from what I have been reading, it sounds like Applewhite has 
been very sharp and our RBs aren't going to be as weak as I first thought Also, I understand the OL is coming along quite well 
So, do we win?  How do you see the game unfolding?  I won't get it out here, 
but I will try to listen to it on the internet.  I can't wait to get back and 
watch these games!
Talk to me Goose.
Bruce
I recieved both documents.  Thanks.
Attached are the revised gas purchase and gathering agreement and the new 
Collection Facilities Agreement.  The Collection Facilities Agreement has the 
insurance requirements but not the Security Documents.  I will forward the 
Security Doc. shortly.
Attached is the security document form.  Section 5.4 is missing and I will 
provide tommorrow.  However, in the interest of time I am forwarding the 
agreement for review.
GT,   I will be coming to this game w/o Lisa.  I plan on driving in Friday 
night and probably getting there about 9:00 pm.  If its okay I'll crash at 
your place.  Let me know how your schedule looks. 
Since Lisa isn't coming I'll have an extra ticket with me on the 35 Interested? 
This version includes the Section 5.4 language.
Attached is a clean and redline version of the documents.  I have the Powder 
River Basin Exhibit and can fax if you want to review. Please note that I 
added a section that allows Enron to relocate units if they are underutilized 
at their current location.  This was resultant of the 5 year term for the 
units contracted for during the initial 2 year period 
Kay, Please review the attached data sheet and let me know if there are any 
problems.  Thanks.
Attached are the executable documents
Bob,  Please print out 2 copies and have Hanover execute.  Please fax 
signature today to me at (713) 646-3490 and FEDEX or Courier complete 
contracts to me at:
EB3883 
1400 Smith
Houston, Tx 77002 
Thanks for your help.
G,  I will be there about 9 pm tonight.  My cell phone # is 281-772-9250
I am fedexing the form of lease this morning.  Sorry for the delay.
Oooouch!    That one hurt.  We really kicked their butt all over the field The defense played well, especially Ahmad Brooks.  I don't think he had one 
completed on him all night.
What really sucks is that we just gave this game away with the punting team I am trying not to get too down about this.  This is  a young team that is 
going to make mental errors and they will improve.  I still thinks we will 
have a good season. 
The only freshman I saw getting any PT was Cory Redding.  He looks fast out 
there and really crushed somebody on a kick off return.  He also got some 
snaps at DE on a couple of 3 and longs, but didn't do anything outstanding Unfortunately he was also out there on the punt team during the debacles 
Victor Ike should be our starting tailback.  He look big and fast and gets 
yardages running in the interior.  Ike left a defender looking really stupid 
on his long TD run.  Sweet moves.  Hodges look about like he did last year Had a couple of good runs but doesn't seem to use his blocking very well.
OK, so we will begin our win streak with Stanford.   The thing I really like 
was that Mack said he takes full responsibility for the punting problems and 
that he will insure that they get fixed.  Mackovic would have made excuses 
that essentially put the blame elsewhere.   This season could be an up and 
down one, but the real prize is next year and the years after.
Did you get any info on the game?
G 
I was thinking of bringing along a friend from Enron to the boat party Unfortunately he is not a female so this may throw off your proper party 
ratio.  He is married though so he will leave the single girls alone for you 
and me.  His wife is out of town this weekend.  He won't mind sleeping on the 
floor 
Thanks for letting me hang at your place this weekend.  Lisa is a really cool 
girl.  You two will have fun together 
Attached are the latest versions.  Call me if you have any questions (713) 
853-3512.
Mark,  Attached are the letter agreement and Purchase and Sale Agreement Please review.  Note there is a blank date in the letter agreement which 
needs to be provided.  If OK I will forward to TW.
Attached are the latest versions.  Call me if you have any questions (713) 
853-3512.
Clean and redlined of final version
FYI Attached is the latest Enron Compression Services Company structure 
Here it is G.
Attached is a revised LOI for WT1.   I took out all the language concerning 
materials and equipment obligations incurred by ECS.  After talking with 
Knippa, I understand that after the sale of the motor to TW, they will be 
doing all of the installation.  Please review and provide comments.
No problem.  I will review these and get back with Cheryl.  Thanks.
Shari Stack
09/01/99 12:34 PM
Attached are some letters that Cheryl King from HPL has prepared. I think it 
would be more appropriate for you ( or someone from your group) to OK these 
as from reading the email, I gather that you do the legal work for HPL. 
Can I leave it with you to get with Cheryl King? 
Many thanks, 
Shari  
Connie Sutton
09/01/99 10:49 AM
I am forwarding this information to you because I do not know if Legal has 
reviewed her letters prior to sending them. 
Cheryl D King
09/01/99 10:43 AM
Here they are.  I will probably hear from Kathy later today as to whether or 
not they need any changes.
Since HPL Resources & Houston Pipe Line have several RRC System Numbers, the 
2nd attachment is the exhibit that goes with the 1st letter.  But, ECT only 
has one RRC System Number since they don't own any pipe, so that letter 
doesn't need an attachment.
Connie Sutton
09/01/99 10:37 AM
Can you please send me a copy of the letters you sent to the RRC?
Cheryl D King
09/01/99 08:54 AM
Connie,
I just wanted to let you know that since I was already working with the 
Railroad Commission (RRC) to get HPL Resources Company automatically replaced 
with Houston Pipe Line Company as purchaser on the P-4's, I went ahead drafted a letter to do the same for the change from ECT to Enron North 
America Corp.  I faxed both letters to Kathy Way at the RRC, who is 
responsible for all automatic P-4 changes.  She will let me know if the 
letters look okay.  If so, I will need to get the appropriate officers to 
sign them & send them to her at the RRC.  Since she only does this at the 
beginning of the month & doesn't backdate the effective date, the change will 
The current P-5's are filed thru Gerald Nemec's office.  Will they be filing 
for this new one?  If not, do you want me to pursue this?  Please let me know 
so that we can get this completed in a timely manner.
Thanks.
Cheryl King     -     EB3765     -     x-36982
I am not sure if these letter were sent out yet or not.  My only comment 
would be to add an effective date of the name change from HPLR to HPLC and 
ECT to ENA.   The latter is effective Sept.1, 1999.   If you have any 
questions, please contact me a x33512 Shari Stack
09/01/99 12:34 PM
Attached are some letters that Cheryl King from HPL has prepared. I think it 
would be more appropriate for you ( or someone from your group) to OK these 
as from reading the email, I gather that you do the legal work for HPL. 
Can I leave it with you to get with Cheryl King? 
Many thanks, 
Shari  
Connie Sutton
09/01/99 10:49 AM
I am forwarding this information to you because I do not know if Legal has 
reviewed her letters prior to sending them. 
Cheryl D King
09/01/99 10:43 AM
Here they are.  I will probably hear from Kathy later today as to whether or 
not they need any changes.
Since HPL Resources & Houston Pipe Line have several RRC System Numbers, the 
2nd attachment is the exhibit that goes with the 1st letter.  But, ECT only 
has one RRC System Number since they don't own any pipe, so that letter 
doesn't need an attachment.
Connie Sutton
09/01/99 10:37 AM
Can you please send me a copy of the letters you sent to the RRC?
Cheryl D King
09/01/99 08:54 AM
Connie,
I just wanted to let you know that since I was already working with the 
Railroad Commission (RRC) to get HPL Resources Company automatically replaced 
with Houston Pipe Line Company as purchaser on the P-4's, I went ahead drafted a letter to do the same for the change from ECT to Enron North 
America Corp.  I faxed both letters to Kathy Way at the RRC, who is 
responsible for all automatic P-4 changes.  She will let me know if the 
letters look okay.  If so, I will need to get the appropriate officers to 
sign them & send them to her at the RRC.  Since she only does this at the 
beginning of the month & doesn't backdate the effective date, the change will 
The current P-5's are filed thru Gerald Nemec's office.  Will they be filing 
for this new one?  If not, do you want me to pursue this?  Please let me know 
so that we can get this completed in a timely manner.
Thanks.
Cheryl King     -     EB3765     -     x-36982
GT,   What is your schedule tommorrow.  I taking day off so I can leave 
whenever and be in Austin to help you out with the pre-party perparations 
G.
His name is Eric Gillaspie.  We will be at your casa shortly after 12 Looking forward to it 
Hook'em.
Gerald,
I plan on taking off at noon so meet me at my house around then. Is your
buddy coming and what is his name? I need it for our list.
GT
Cheryl,  We will handle the name change for ECT to ENA on the P-5 form 
Mary,  When you get a chance, come be and let's talk about what need to be 
done.
Cheryl D King
09/02/99 01:49 PM
FYI:
The HPLR to HLPC change isn't a name change.  It is just numerous assignments 
from HPLR to HLPC.  From what I've been told, HPLR is still a good company 
for now.
As far an an effective date, the actual name change from ECT to ENA is 
effective 9/1/99, but since we don't already have our paperwork into the RRC 
requesting the automatic P-4 change, the RRC will make it effective 10/1/99, 
provided we have all of our paperwork into them before then.
The date of most of the assignments from HPLR to HPLC (some via ECT first) is 
7/1/99.  But, again, as far as the P-4 changes are concerned, the RRC will 
make them effective 10/1/99, since they don't backdate automatic changes.
I spoke to Kathy Way at the RRC again this morning.  She said that the 
letters are fine from their perspective.  I just need to get the appropriate 
signatures & mail them to her.
But, they can't do anything with the ECT to ENA changes until ENA has a valid 
P-5 number.
QUESTION:  Will your office be doing the paperwork to get a P-5 number for 
ENA?  Please let me know.  Thanks.
I am not sure if these letter were sent out yet or not.  My only comment 
would be to add an effective date of the name change from HPLR to HPLC and 
ECT to ENA.   The latter is effective Sept.1, 1999.   If you have any 
questions, please contact me a x33512 Shari Stack
09/01/99 12:34 PM
Attached are some letters that Cheryl King from HPL has prepared. I think it 
would be more appropriate for you ( or someone from your group) to OK these 
as from reading the email, I gather that you do the legal work for HPL. 
Can I leave it with you to get with Cheryl King? 
Many thanks, 
Shari  
Connie Sutton
09/01/99 10:49 AM
I am forwarding this information to you because I do not know if Legal has 
reviewed her letters prior to sending them. 
Cheryl D King
09/01/99 10:43 AM
Here they are.  I will probably hear from Kathy later today as to whether or 
not they need any changes.
Since HPL Resources & Houston Pipe Line have several RRC System Numbers, the 
2nd attachment is the exhibit that goes with the 1st letter.  But, ECT only 
has one RRC System Number since they don't own any pipe, so that letter 
doesn't need an attachment.
Connie Sutton
09/01/99 10:37 AM
Can you please send me a copy of the letters you sent to the RRC?
Cheryl D King
09/01/99 08:54 AM
Connie,
I just wanted to let you know that since I was already working with the 
Railroad Commission (RRC) to get HPL Resources Company automatically replaced 
with Houston Pipe Line Company as purchaser on the P-4's, I went ahead drafted a letter to do the same for the change from ECT to Enron North 
America Corp.  I faxed both letters to Kathy Way at the RRC, who is 
responsible for all automatic P-4 changes.  She will let me know if the 
letters look okay.  If so, I will need to get the appropriate officers to 
sign them & send them to her at the RRC.  Since she only does this at the 
beginning of the month & doesn't backdate the effective date, the change will 
The current P-5's are filed thru Gerald Nemec's office.  Will they be filing 
for this new one?  If not, do you want me to pursue this?  Please let me know 
so that we can get this completed in a timely manner.
Thanks.
Cheryl King     -     EB3765     -     x-36982
My new email info.
Dear Gerald,
In response to the recent business reorganization, we are working to=20
streamline Enron=01,s Global Internet addressing structure.  As a result, the=20
messaging group has been working to ensure a timely conversion from our=20
current addressing scheme of "@ect.enron.com" and "@.co.uk" to a unified=20
"@" address. =20
A great deal of effort has been put into this project to eliminate any=20
duplicate addresses across Enron's Global Messaging Enterprise. Some of you=20
may find that your original  Internet "short name" was changed as a result of=20
your short name being the same as someone else's at Enron.   In addition to=20
changing to a standard "@" we have made a global change to allow=20
users to receive email  by short name and long name (see below).
This consolidation will become effective for all former ECT users, beginning=20
Monday, September 6, 1999. =20
Internet short name:  gnemec@
Internet long name:  Gerald.Nemec@
Please note middle initials may be used to uniquely identify individuals with=20
the same name and differentiate them as unique, all names do not have middle=20
initials.
i.e. John.A.Doe@
Your old "@ect.enron.com" and "@.co.uk" addresses will continue to be=20
supported until November 1st.
When ordering your new business cards, we are recommending that users begin=20
printing their long name address instead of short names.
In order to minimize the impact on your business please begin advising your=20
outside contacts of your new address and effective date of Monday, September=20
6th as soon as possible.
If you have additional questions regarding your new address, please contact=20
your local help desk.
Thank You for your support in this global messaging endeavor.
Just working on a Courtney deal while thoughts of you pop into my head.  One 
of the things I really love about you is how humble you are.  You are 
beautiful, confident, and intelligent, and yet you don't act like you know 
that.  I sincerely have always felt lucky to be with you.
Terry,  Attached is a PSA form we have used before with the perspective of 
Enron as buyer.  Probably a little more detailed than we need for this one 
since the facilities are only estimated at $200,000. Kennedy Oil is Seller 
and Enron Midstream Services, L.L.C. is Buyer.
Some further detail on the site lease agreement:
CounterParty is Black Hills Trucking, Inc
Initial 1 year term, then month to month up to 2 years total
Fee $800/month
Black Hill will provide phone and electricity service hookup and Enron to 
reimburse
Enron will directly pay phone and electricity bills
Area is approximately  250 ft. X 400 ft. and is fenced off separately
Include is existing 40 ft. X 40 ft. building on site.
Enron reserve right to install any other building reasonably necessary for 
site to function as an equipment laydown yard
Enron reserve right to install septic system for bathroom in buildings used 
by Enron
Enron needs access at all times through Black Hills front gate to get to site.
Enron will remove all equipment and buildings (except existing) upon 
termination.
Please see attached
Thanks for the quick response!
Rude-Dog,  Are you there?
GT,   Great party.  Looking forward to the next one already.
I think I left my cell phone charger in your apartment on your table.  If I 
did, just hold it.  I'll be back for Rice and pick it up then.  If not, I 
must have lost the damn thing somewhere else.
Later,  G$
From the Oklahoma 100:
"Waylon Turdsby, star TE from the reigning 3-A champion 
Chickasha
Fighting Chick-Peas gave the Sooners a verbal commitment by 
letter
late Wednesday according to OK100 sources. This is a big 
boost to
the Sooners who were competing with Tulsa, Anadarko Junior 
College
and out of state powerhouse Kansas for his services. Waylon, 
who is
6'2", 218lbs and runs a 4.75 40 chose OU because "They serve 
fried
pork rinds in the cafeteria and the chicks there dig mullet 
hairdos".
Waylon plans to study business and eventually take over the 
family
used car dealership. Waylon added "My daddy says he has done 
a lot
of business with Sooner coaches and boosters over the years 
and that
OU would be the best place to refine my used car selling 
skills." The
great traditions of OU were also a factor according to 
Waylon, "They
have this great tradition where they touch all the movie 
posters of OU
legend Brian Bosworth before running out onto the field. You 
just don't
get that kind of inspiration outside of OU 
Attached is a discussion draft of the Compression Services Agreement for 
Gallup.
Mary,  I was out of the office on Friday and unfortunately have a conflicting 
meeting scheduled.  Please let me know what we need to do to work out the 
details 
Mary Clark@
09/10/99 09:40 AM
Gerald, you've been selected as United Way campaigner for Enron North 
America's legal department.  For Enron's United Way campaign only, all of 
legal is included in Corporate.  We'd really like to have you attend our 
campaigner training session Monday.  See the details below and let me know if 
you can make it.  If you can't attend, I will send you instructions on what 
to do.  Mainly, it's distributing pledge cards to employees in your group and 
following up to see if they've turned in their cards.  I look forward to 
meeting you.
Mary
Mary Clark
09/09/99 04:51 PM
To  United Way Campaigners
ACTION REQUIRED!
You've been selected by your department head to be a United Way campaigner 
for employees in your group.  We are delighted to have you as a participant 
and look forward to working with you on this year's United Way campaign We're already off to a great start with the solicitation of Enron's executive 
group.  You are the important link to employees, so your role as a campaigner 
will help Enron to achieve its 1999 United Way goal, which is $2,044,000.
We are hosting a training session for all Corporate Staff campaigners Monday, 
September 13, from 11:30 am. to 1 p.m. in EB47C2.  EatZi's will provide a 
delicious hot lunch and we, your hosts, along with a representative from 
United Way, will provide the "entertainment" -- giving you helpful tips on 
how to be a successful campaigner for Enron's United Way campaign.  We also 
will answer any questions you might have.
R.S.V.P. to Mary Clark by email or voicemail (3-7325) no later than Friday, 
so we can give a headcount to Eatzi's.   We do apologize for the short 
notice.  If you cannot attend, don't worry, we will send you the campaigner 
training materials 
Thanks for your support.
The operations information you requested should now be directed to Robert 
Morgan in Facility Planning.  I forwarded the sheets you left in my office 
last week to Robert for his review.  I handled this request before when I was 
in Facility Planning, but Robert has now taken my place.  Shonnie Daniel will 
work with you from the Legal Group perspective to give you any help you need.
Juanita Marchand
09/10/99 01:37 PM
Please advise as to the status of the information requested for the 1999 
Blanket Authorization for LRP.
Juanita 
Tom,  Attached is the Right of Way Services Agreement we discussed Friday.  I 
would like to thank you and Mark for meeting with us on short notice.  We 
look forward to working with you.
Pat Radford
09/09/99 01:38 PM
Shonnie Daniel asked me to forward the attached document to each of you.
Ken,  Attached is the Black Hills Trucking lease agreement.  Please review to 
make sure it correctly captures your deal with Black Hills.  I am still 
reviewing from a legal perspective, so please do not forward until we have 
talked further.
Merla Miller       Per Melissa Hughes' instructions, I am attaching a copy of the Lease
Agreement between Black Hills Trucking and Enron
- 0096869.DOC
That is hilarious.  You know it is a good party when you make the news.  Just 
talked to Ernie.  He didn't have your new email and work #.  He is planning 
on coming up for the Rice game.  You should be hearing from him shortly. 
G$,
I do have your charger. Hey, did you no there was a camera at the dock when
we left and we were on the 10 o clock news. The story was about drunks on
the water.
\
Talk to you later
GT
GT,  I think I will come in on Saturday morning.  If Lisa is out of town 
though and you want to chase women Friday night, my plans can change 
G
Are you coming in on Friday or Saturday? Let me know.
GT
Hal,  FYI, Attached is another form of O&M agreement specifically for 
offshore lines.  The structure of this agreement is different from our 
current deal, but the provided services in this form may be a good start for 
the Mariner O&M form 
Dan,  Attached are clean and redlined version of the purchase and gathering 
agreement.  There is no language in these agreement about a right to match 
outside of the Reserve Committment Area.  I haven't had a chance to bounce a 
separate agreement off of Shonnie yet, but will let you know.  Call me if you 
have any questions.
Tom,  Those items will be sent to you tommorrow.
Gerald:
Thanks for the ROW Services Agreement.  It was great to meet you in
person and we thank you for bringing us on board for this project!  I think
the only materials we need to round out the picture are the letter
agreement with Forerunner and the agreement with Hanover.  Whenever
you have a chance to send those along, that will be great.
,
Tom
>> "Gerald Nemec Tom,  Attached is the Right of Way Services Agreement we discussed
Friday.  I
would like to thank you and Mark for meeting with us on short notice.  We
look
forward to working with you.
Pat Radford
09/09/99 01:38 PM
Shonnie Daniel asked me to forward the attached document to each of
you.
(See attached file: ROWServices.doc)
Lisa,  I feel so bad right now.  I never wanted anything but to be with you 
and love you the rest of my life.  I wish we knew how important it was to 
communicate with each other over the past years.  I think we are both guilty 
of not communicating.  It is easier to talk to some besides each other about 
certain things because of certain expectations or assumptions that have been 
built up over our portion of a lifetime together.  It hurts to now clearly 
understand this after things have happened.
I am scared of you moving in with Chris because I fear that we both may 
accept it as final.  I don't want it to be that and I want us to genuinely 
work on this relationship.  I want us to talk and do things together.  You 
are my one true love.
Melissa,  I wasn't able to redline this version, but I added sections 10 and 
11 and added futher language to Sections 3 and 6.  Hopefully you can redline 
it against your old version 
Let me know what you think about environmental indemnity language.  I think 
is is prudent from the view that Black Hills and has been using the Premises 
for some time and we are not sure what is out there.
The easment was sent off for recording, but I have not recieved the recorded 
copy from the county yet.  As soons as I receive it, I will forward to John.
Cheryl Lantz Marshall on 09/15/99 09:54:11 AM
Did we record the new easement for the Bayport Celanese measurement station 
project?  If so, could you get a copy of the recorded easement to John Towles 
in ROW so they can file it.  Thanks!
The detail that we currently have on the interconnect for Mary Jo Johnson.
Gerald -
Here is a copy of the scoping document that I passed along to Glenn Gregory.
Thanks,
Chris Sonneborn
Glenn,
Mary Jo Johnson is working on a facilities agreement with Mobil to 
interconnect the Spanish Camp 6-inch line to the Mobil 14-inch Vanderbuilt 
pipeline.  HPL will be responsible for setting a 6"x6" tee, riser, and 
above-ground valve on the Spanish Camp lateral.  I suggest the 6x6 because 
the gas sales contract that will go along with the facilities agreement 
should specify an HPL scheduled delivery rate from 0 to 20,000 MMBtu/d.  The 
6-inch will minimize pressure losses off of the Spanish Camp line and will 
maximize our ability to expand this point in the future, if necessary Assume that we will need to acquire a small section of surface easement for 
the above-ground valve.
Looking at our as-built drawings (HC-1025-09-H) it appears that the Mobil 
line crosses the Spanish Camp 6-inch at Station Plus 77+40 in the middle of a 
pasture.  I spoke with Lonnie earlier today, who said that he would be in 
that area on Wednesday and can verify that I have correctly located the 
line.  The crossing pipeline is incorrectly identified as a 16-inch Natural 
Gas line on the as-built.
Mary Jo has asked for some agressive timing on setting the tee, in that she 
would like to have it set for an 1 October, 1999 completion date.  In that 
light, would you please approach this from the perspective of preparing a 
work-order rather than a preliminary cost estimate.
If any of these specifications change, I will let you know immediately.
Thanks,
Chris Sonneborn
HPL Facility Planning
N.A. Gas and Transmission Asset Group
Here it is.
Breaker, Breaker,  that is the Mitchell Gas Service, L.P. agreement.
Is this a new interconnect agreement or is this the"Mitchell Gas Service, 
L.P." that was incorrectly; identified (should have been Mobil)?
10-4.....comeback!
I think these were intended for you 
Attached are copies in Word and WordPerfect of:
1. The Enron Corp. Indemnity:
2. The Hanover Compressor Company Indemnity:
Diane R. Price
Vinson & Elkins L.L.P.
Business & International
Phone:  (713) 758-1079
Fax:     ( 713) 615-5519
E-Mail: dprice@velaw.com
- ENR-IND.DOC
- ENR-IND.WPD
- HAN-IND.DOC
- HAN-IND.WPD
GT,  I will probably get into Austin around lunch time.  Are you going to be 
at the casa?
Teb,  Per Mark's voice mail, attached is the letter agreement he referenced 
No problem Ruppie.  I am trying to find a date for tomorrow.  Will know 
shortly after lunch.  I will let you know.
Ryan.F.Ruppert@EXXON.sprint.com
12/14/2000 09:30 AM
Date: December 14, 2000
Sorry for the call in the middle of the night.  My well is drilling and I
asked them to call me if they got an oil show.  The well should reach total
depth on Sunday so you might want to turn your ringer off in the bedroom
until then.
-Ryan
Ps.  Are you in for the Christmas Carol at the Alley tomorrow?  I need to get
rid of the tickets.
RYAN F. RUPPERT
West Texas Geoscience
U.S. West Production
ExxonMobil Production Co.
Hello Mandy,  How are you doing?   Are you still collecting Lucites?
Ryan,  If you've got another taker for the tix, go ahead and let them go The dryspell continues.
Ryan.F.Ruppert@EXXON.sprint.com
12/14/2000 09:30 AM
Date: December 14, 2000
Sorry for the call in the middle of the night.  My well is drilling and I
asked them to call me if they got an oil show.  The well should reach total
depth on Sunday so you might want to turn your ringer off in the bedroom
until then.
-Ryan
Ps.  Are you in for the Christmas Carol at the Alley tomorrow?  I need to get
rid of the tickets.
RYAN F. RUPPERT
West Texas Geoscience
U.S. West Production
ExxonMobil Production Co.
No.  I am actually pretty busy these days.  They expect work out of me Imagine that.  How goes the job search?  Found that position in Hawaii yet?
Mandy.Bowles@email.moore.com
12/14/2000 04:43 PM
did i scare you or what?
i was only kidding, ya know 
Thanks for your help yesterday.  Sorry about the quick turnaround.
Leslie Hansen
12/14/2000 12:28 PM
Gerald:
Attached please find my proposed revisions to the Transaction Agreement for 
the ECS/EES transaction to address the Market Energy Price calculation Sorry it took me a little longer than I anticipated.
Give me a call if you have any questions.
Leslie
Attached is a clean and redlined version of the Capacity Assignment and 
Prearranged Release Agreement and the Trailblazer PA Assignment Agreement The documents have been revised to reflect the amendment to Transaction No.1 
to increase the DCQ by 6, 195 MMBtu per day.  A few other cleanup changes 
were also made.  Please review and let me know if you have any questions (713) 853-3512.
Renee, Did Sofregaz ask for these changes?  If so did they recommend this 
specific language?
Please find attached the latest draft of the proposed Capital Construction 
Term Rate Agreement with Sofregaz US.  I have not yet sent these changes back 
to Sofregaz yet.  Our (EECC) legal department approves these changes, but I 
wanted to make sure Gerald and Enron Storage Co. approved these changes.  The 
only changes made were to Section 19, General Indemnity.  This is a 
comparison copy showing the changes from our standard Capital Construction 
Agreement.
Gerald, the contract is with EECC, but Enron Storage Co. could use an 
Affiliate Work Offer.  I just realized that there is no Exhibit showing the 
Work Offer form, so I will correct that and make the work offers Exhibit F. I 
will attach a copy of our affiliate work offer for your review.
Please get back to me with any comments.  I will then reply back to Sofregaz.
Thanks.
Renee
x67281
(See attached file: compare02.doc)(See attached file: Exhfaffl.doc)
- compare02.doc - Exhfaffl.doc
Thanks for your help.
Attached are redlined and clean CSA and Gas side agreement.  Please review I am going to make further refinements over the weekend before we send to 
Drew.
Can't I say Hello to Mandy without a specific reason for doing so?  Actually, 
you copied me on a joke email earlier in the week.  Just thought I would see 
if you would talk to me.
Mandy.Bowles@email.moore.com
12/15/2000 01:50 PM
still no word on the Hawaii job yet Just got word that I'm number one pick for the Pennzoil job, but that they
wouldn't be ready to do anything until after the first of the year, which
is fine by me.
I'm going to London 1/10 through 1/16 - did I tell you that arleady?
so, you didn't answer my question:  what made you say hello all of a
sudden?  I thought you were gone for good.
Gerald.Nemec@ on 12/14/2000 05:55:31 PM
No.  I am actually pretty busy these days.  They expect work out of me.
Imagine that.  How goes the job search?  Found that position in Hawaii yet?
Mandy.Bowles@email
did i scare you or what?
i was only kidding, ya know 
Bill,  Per Mark Whitt's request, attached is our form dedicated reserves 
purchase agreement.
Art, 
Per Mark Whitt's request, attached is our form dedicated reserves purchase 
agreement.
Please replace the prior version of the capacity release with the attached 
version.  I found a typo.  In the 5th line of the Section 2.1, the number was 
incorrect.
Johnny McGee@
12/18/2000 01:08 PM
Per your request, please find attached Electric LIne Right-of-Way Easement Please make changes and return two original executed agreements. Thanks Questions #53863. 
For the sake of completeness, attached is clean and redlined version the 
amended and restated Transaction No. 2 Confirm which goes along with the 
Capacity Release and Trailblazer Assignment docs.
Attached is a clean and redlined revised capacity release agreement.  The WIC 
capacity numbers were revised to reflect the fuel calculation.  The prior 
numbers were inaccurate.  Please disregard the prior version and substitute 
the attached.
Mark,  I reviewed the contracts for whether the gathering fees are charged on 
an Mcf vs MMBtu basis.  The following are what the contracts state:
Beartooth - MMBtu
Crescendo - Mcf
D&G Roustabout - MMBtu
Hallwood - MMBtu
LoneMountain/Premier - MMBtu
National Fuels - MMBtu
Northstar - MMBtu
Tom Brown - Based on their stated intent to renegotiate
Trend- MMBtu
Wasatch - Not stated in contract.  Rate is as Wildhorse adjusts from month to 
month
Venoco - MMBtu
Let me know if you have any questions.
Ken,  Where are we on this?
Joan Quick
12/19/2000 01:34 PM
did we ever get this?
Ken,  I sent, via fedex, an agency agreement to you a couple of weeks ago The agreement appointed ENA as Crescendo's agent to nominate and resolve 
allocations and imbalances on Wildhorse's system.  Wanted to see if you have 
reviewed and executed yet 
Jack,  Attached is the Release, Settlement, and Termination agreement we 
discussed.  Please review and let me know if you have any questions.
Attached is the final version.  Please forward to Black Hills.
Lauri,   From a legal standpoint, we can cut the nomination on an 
interruptible agreement at our discretion.  The contract clearly gives us 
this right.  I haven't specifically reviewed the contract, but I am assuming 
it is our standard form.  I will check this.
Yes, I would consider HISD facilities to be state facilities.  The fact that 
this goes to Entex first complicates the issue 
Dan,  was the intent that it be directly delivered to state facilities, or if 
it ultimately ended up at state facilities?
Lauri A Allen
12/19/2000 10:57 AM
I haven't heard anything back from you guys on this.  Any insight?  I know 
Linda Roberts is also working a deal with TGLO to convert bbls to mmbtus 
which could mean incremental volumes that TGLO would be trying to get into 
Midcon.
Dan,  Any input you have on this contract would be appreciated.
Lauri A Allen
12/05/2000 02:53 PM
Gerald/Eric-
I have a couple of questions regarding TGLO transport contract 
012-88494-202.  We are currently delivering a volume of 28.000mm into various 
Midcon interconnects on this contract that are designated to go to 
Reliant/Entex for the purpose of heating HISD schools.  The transport 
contract stipulates different rates for this delivery depending on whether 
the gas is intended for state facilities or not.  My first question, then, 
is:  are HISD schools considered state facilities?  And, if HISD schools are 
considered state facilities, does the fact that this gas is being delivered 
to them via Reliant/Entex utilizing Midcon's pipe make any difference?
I am asking these questions not only to assure that we are recouping the 
correct transport rate, but also to determine what the consequences might be 
if I interrupt this delivery.  We are having difficulty getting enough gas 
into Midcon to cover our Entex noms and I am just exploring my options.  I 
would also expect that this volume should decrease when HISD closes for the 
Christmas holidays- does the fact that this is an IT agreement give me enough 
leverage to cut this nom if TGLO does not do so voluntarily?
Thanks for your help.
I'll check the Global Database to see if I can find it.  Did Shonnie paper 
that purchase agreement?
Mark Whitt@
Sent by: Mark Whitt@
12/19/2000 06:20 PM
Do you know th contract # for Howell?
Nicole Cortez
Sent by: Nicole Cortez
12/19/2000 03:15 PM
Powder River
P96023720 Kennedy
P96027277 Wellstar
P96023736 Independent
P96023737 Ocean Energy
P96028270 MTG Operating
P96028454 Phillips Petroleum
P96038435 Coleman Oil & Gas
P96040523 Quantum Energy
P96030216 Yates
Wind River
P96022315 North Central Oil
The only purchase agreement I have not been able to locate is the Howell one 
(wind river), I will let you know as soon as I have it.  Let me know if you 
need anything else.
Lauri,  I reviewed the contract with TGLO.  It is a standard interruptible 
form, so we should have no issues with interruption of the gas flows.  I also 
talked further with Dan concerning the contract.    We feel that the 
agreement strictly refers to facilities that are directly operated by the 
state (e.g. universities and prisons) and not school districts.  Thus, we 
would consider HISD to not be state facilities.  This argument is not a slam 
dunk, but we should probably take this approach and see how they react.  The 
contract also refers to gas "destined" for state facilities.  So the fact 
that the gas goes through another pipeline before being delivered to a state 
facility does not matter.  It ultimately is "destined" for state facilities.
Gerald Nemec
12/19/2000 06:17 PM
Lauri,   From a legal standpoint, we can cut the nomination on an 
interruptible agreement at our discretion.  The contract clearly gives us 
this right.  I haven't specifically reviewed the contract, but I am assuming 
it is our standard form.  I will check this.
Yes, I would consider HISD facilities to be state facilities.  The fact that 
this goes to Entex first complicates the issue 
Dan,  was the intent that it be directly delivered to state facilities, or if 
it ultimately ended up at state facilities?
Lauri A Allen
12/19/2000 10:57 AM
I haven't heard anything back from you guys on this.  Any insight?  I know 
Linda Roberts is also working a deal with TGLO to convert bbls to mmbtus 
which could mean incremental volumes that TGLO would be trying to get into 
Midcon.
Dan,  Any input you have on this contract would be appreciated.
Lauri A Allen
12/05/2000 02:53 PM
Gerald/Eric-
I have a couple of questions regarding TGLO transport contract 
012-88494-202.  We are currently delivering a volume of 28.000mm into various 
Midcon interconnects on this contract that are designated to go to 
Reliant/Entex for the purpose of heating HISD schools.  The transport 
contract stipulates different rates for this delivery depending on whether 
the gas is intended for state facilities or not.  My first question, then, 
is:  are HISD schools considered state facilities?  And, if HISD schools are 
considered state facilities, does the fact that this gas is being delivered 
to them via Reliant/Entex utilizing Midcon's pipe make any difference?
I am asking these questions not only to assure that we are recouping the 
correct transport rate, but also to determine what the consequences might be 
if I interrupt this delivery.  We are having difficulty getting enough gas 
into Midcon to cover our Entex noms and I am just exploring my options.  I 
would also expect that this volume should decrease when HISD closes for the 
Christmas holidays- does the fact that this is an IT agreement give me enough 
leverage to cut this nom if TGLO does not do so voluntarily?
Thanks for your help.
Thanks for the note.  I am also glad we got to know each other this year.  We 
will have to make time to hang out next year, now that your LSAT is over.
Have fun in Denver and be careful of who you hang out with up there. 
Merry Christmas,
Gerald
Janel Guerrero@
12/20/2000 08:50 AM
Hi.  I just wanted to wish you a Merry Christmas and tell you that I'm really 
glad we got to know each other this year and could hang out over the summer I know it's been a difficult year for you, but 2001 is in reach and I'm 
absolutely positive there are happy times and much fullfilment ahead of you Enjoy the holidays, and I'll see you next year! 
xx
janel
ps....Brucie is picking me up at the airport thursday night so i'll deliver 
some xmas love from you 
Did you get with Roger on this or do you need me to do something on this 
still?
Mark Whitt@
Sent by: Mark Whitt@
12/20/2000 10:27 AM
Actually I just found out that Roger got it executed.
Mark
Gerald Nemec@ECT
12/19/2000 05:41 PM
I'll check the Global Database to see if I can find it.  Did Shonnie paper 
that purchase agreement?
Mark Whitt@
Sent by: Mark Whitt@
12/19/2000 06:20 PM
Do you know th contract # for Howell?
Nicole Cortez
Sent by: Nicole Cortez
12/19/2000 03:15 PM
Powder River
P96023720 Kennedy
P96027277 Wellstar
P96023736 Independent
P96023737 Ocean Energy
P96028270 MTG Operating
P96028454 Phillips Petroleum
P96038435 Coleman Oil & Gas
P96040523 Quantum Energy
P96030216 Yates
Wind River
P96022315 North Central Oil
The only purchase agreement I have not been able to locate is the Howell one 
(wind river), I will let you know as soon as I have it.  Let me know if you 
need anything else.
I am no longer a user of this application 
Howard Petty/ENRON@Xgate
12/18/2000 09:47 AM
Hello,
I work in Applications Integration on the GEM Project (Windows 2000 
rollout).  It is our mission to ensure that all applications are tested and 
packaged for use with Windows 2000 so that the Enron user community can be 
migrated to Windows 2000.  I am contacting you because we have identified the 
current version of HTS32 as not compatible with Windows 2000 and I found your 
name in the application group as one of the users of this application.
I need your help in gathering the following information:
Who is the "owner" of this application (the person who can tell me if it is 
still needed)?
Is it still used?
Has it been replaced by another application or a web based application?  If 
so, when and which application?
If it is still used:
Vendor (or developer) name?  (please include any contact info. you may have: 
web site, contact, phone number).
Who can work with me to obtain the new version (if needed) and test it?
Who uses it (if this list is too large, just note the approximate number of 
people)?
Do you foresee that this application will go away in the next couple of 
months? 
Is your maintenance contract up-to-date?
Please contact me at your earliest convenience.
Thank you,
Howard Petty
Applications Integration
x35405
Attached for your review are drafts of the Capacity Assignment and Release 
Agreement and the Transaction No. 1 attached to the Master Firm Purchase Sale 
Enfolio 
Peter,  any input you would have on Article 3 of the Assignment Agreement 
would be greatly appreciated.  Stephanie is trying to get these out as soon 
as possible tomorrow.
Stephanie,  attached are redlines for your review.  I will also send an email 
with clean copies that you can forward to Calpine.
Attached are the assignment agreement, the Enfolio, and the Confirm.
You had asked for more information regarding Canadian renewal rights. I found 
language in tariff in Transcanada's website (www.transcanada..com) under the 
following:
NOVA FTS-R, Sec 12, FTS-D, Sec 10
BC system, Sec 4.9
Bottom line: 12 month notice prior to end of term. Once notice given, 
irrevocable! Must extend for at least one year.
Please call if you have questions.
Please call if you have any question.
Steph
Attached are the following:
Gallup CSA (Clean Copy with Revisions)
Gallup CSA (Redlined Copy from previous Version)
Gas Conversion Agreement (1st Draft)
Please review at your convenience.
Brant,  The following are my responses;
1.  We don't have a problem removing fax notice as long as they are willing 
to leave the required termination notice at 5 days.  Since we can't fax 
notice, we will have to mail such notice which will take several days.
2.  We can remove affiliate assignment 
Sorry about the delay.
Brant Reves
12/15/2000 10:22 AM
Gerald,
Here is their response to our comments.  Not much but take a look:
Under term7:  Notices - unless we include language similiar to...'Fax is 
acceptable as long as the fax is followed by hardcopy documentation and 
effective upon such hardcopy reciept.'  Back to square one.  They don't like 
fax.
Under term 8:  they are objecting to affiliate assignment.  Successor is ok Affiliate assignment is no good.  They would like to take out the term 
assigns.
that is it.
brant
Brant,  The attached doc. contains Hess Energy Trading Company, LLC's 
comments to our guaranty form with our responses.  Please forward as 
appropriate.  I would be happy to discuss our comments with Hess if they so 
desire 
Stephanie,  Attached is a clean and redlined version of the Release Agreement 
and Confirm with the changes we discussed.
Attached is a clean and redlined version of the Capacity Assignment and 
Release doc. for Calpine.  The redline has Calpine changes in light purple 
with Enron's changes is red.  Please review.
Stephanie, I did not resend the revised confirm which I sent earlier today There were no changes to that doc. since the revised version I sent this 
morning.
Larry,  I am OK with the form and Robert's changes, except that the proper 
name is Bridgeline Storage Company, LLC.  No periods after the LLC.
Everything else looks fine 
Robert D Morgan
12/15/2000 10:47 AM
I only had a few changes, see the attached red-line.
Gentlemen: enclosed is a draft application to the Louisiana Office of
Conservation for authority to construct and operate pipeline facilities.
Please let me know if you have any comments or questions.  The filing
deadline is Dec. 29.
- Application for Authority to Construct --Bridgeline Storage Co..DOC
Stephanie,  Attached is the clean and redlined revised Capacity Release and 
Assignment Agreement.  I changed the notification to require that Calpine 
give us notice and that we would attempt to negotiate with the pipelines to 
arrange an alternative to the notice.  Please review.
Attached is a clean and redline of the revised confirm.
Stephanie,  Attached is a further revision of the Capacity Release Doc.  The 
comments are from counsel in the Calgary office.  All the comments are 
consistent with the intent of the prior documents.  They mainly make the 
Canada section symmetric to the ENA section.  Please review.
Gerald Nemec
12/20/2000 11:16 AM
Attached are clean versions of the most up to date documents.  The confirm 
also includes a redline copy with the changes we discussed this morning 
Please note that Calpine needs to execute the following documents:
1.  Capacity Release and Assignment Agreement
2.  Enfolio Master Firm Purchase/Sale Agreement
3.  Guaranty by Calpine Corporation (Included as Exhibit to Enfolio Master 
Agreement)
4.  Transaction No. 1 to Enfolio (the Confirm)
Please let me know if you have any questions.
Nope.  Didn't piss me off.  I know how to interpret Mandy talk.   I just have 
been extremely busy.  Most of the other attorneys are gone and I am catching 
all their overflow 
The days off were mellow.  Went to Corpus Christi to see the family.  Usually 
holiday cheer.  How about you?
Mandy.Bowles@email.moore.com
12/28/2000 09:24 AM
Hey -
Good to actually see you.
I thought maybe you were on vacation or something.  You never emailed me
back - or did I piss you off?
I wasn't trying to be rude if so.  Just being good ole sarcastic me.
How were your holidays?
Melissa,  Attached is the compressor site lease with my revisions included Please review my suggested changes as well as revision of the access road and 
additions of environmental indemnities.
Attached is latest version - due to quick turnaround, there may be a few 
typo's.
Julie, Gerald and I will be present. Talk to you then 
Please review and let me know your thoughts on their comments.  The MAC 
section will come out, so disregard those comments.
Janet Dixon  	12/28/2000 05:16 PM
Here are the changes to the Enfolio that Michael and I came up with.  Please
review and let me know if you have any comments.
I spoke with Michael and the document that Reed of PGT mentioned was with
Michael is actually the surety bond that Michael has sent to the insurance
company for final execution.  If you have any credit questions, please call
Michael at 650-303-0274 (cell).
Attached is latest version - due to quick turnaround, there may be a few
typo's.
Julie, Gerald and I will be present. Talk to you then 
(See attached file: CALPINE CONFIRM5RED.DOC)(See attached file:
CalpineAssignRelease6(red).doc)(See attached file: CALPINE CORPORATION.doc)
- Enron CALPINE CORPORATION redline Enfolio 12-29-00.doc
- Enron CALPINE CORPORATION CLEAN Enfolio 12-29-00.doc
Attached please find revisions per our conference call. Excluding all but 
one, we made Enfolio changes proposed by Michael. Our only deviation was to 
delete article 4.2,  sec vii, re: MAC.
Based on your QUICK feedback, we will send execution documents electronically 
so Janet can initial.
Please call me at Gerald's office if you have any questions.
,
Stephanie 
Per Janet's request.
Gerald Nemec
12/28/2000 06:24 PM
Attached please find revisions per our conference call. Excluding all but 
one, we made Enfolio changes proposed by Michael. Our only deviation was to 
delete article 4.2,  sec vii, re: MAC.
Based on your QUICK feedback, we will send execution documents electronically 
so Janet can initial.
Please call me at Gerald's office if you have any questions.
,
Stephanie 
Attached for your review is the final form of assignment.  The only change 
from the prior version is that the Renewal Notice section was changed to 
reflect that ECC will renew unless Calpine notifies ECC otherwise.  This was 
a point negotiate with Calpine.  We plan on executing these tommorrow morning.
Attached are the executables.  Please note the a redline of the Capacity 
Release and Assignment Agreement is also included.  I cleaned up references 
to the Renewal Notification (which are now the Non-Renewal Notification) that 
were missed earlier in Article 3 and Article 5 
Please note the Exhibit D of the Enfolio Master also needs to be signed by 
Calpine.
Thanks for your help and quick response on those comments 
Greg Johnston
12/29/2000 10:45 AM
Gerald, I have just faxed to you the pages with a few last comments.  They 
relate to the change back to Calpine providing a non-renewal notice rather 
than a renewal notice, because there were a couple of places where the 
reference wasn't caught.
You should have it on your fax now.
Greg
Brant,  Attached is a clean and redlined guaranty with the changes we agreed 
upon.  We still need Hess' address for the notice section.  Sorry about the 
delay.
Dwight,  Attached is a form O&M Agreement that was recently used on power 
project in the US.  This form is very similar to the one you forwarded Steve, 
but is more detailed in the Scope of Services to be performed.  There are 
performance bonuses and penalties for electricity output.  We would have to 
add the steam output.  Should be very similar.  I think this form can be 
turned around to Coogentrix fairly quickly once we establish what the 
performance standards to be met are.  I will be out of the office on Jan.2 
but will be back on Wednesday.  Please review.  I apologize for not getting 
back with you yesterday or today, but unfortunately the Calpine capacity 
assignment has to be signed today and it has consumed my time.  Thanks
Brian,  Mark forward the executed docs. to me.  The Trailblazer Assignment 
was not included.  I have attached the assignment in case you don't have the 
one I forwarded earlier.  Please execute and return.   Also the Amended and 
Restated Transaction No. 2 was initialled, but was not executed.  I am 
forwarding those back to you for execution.  Thanks for your cooperation.
Ken,  Attached is the form of compressor site lease agreement.  Please 
forward to all appropriate ROW agents.  This will be the form for screw 
compressor stations only.  The recips. will be a fee simple purchase and that 
form will follow shortly.
Follow up on Mike's voicemail.
Michael C Bilberry
01/02/2001 06:06 PM
Gerald:  Could you advise status of this amendment. Thanks. 
Thanks 
Ken Choyce@
12/20/2000 04:49 PM
Gerald,
As we discussed earlier, following is a list of the high points agreed upon 
in yesterday's meeting with Hanover.  Hopefully this is enough to get a draft 
of a letter agreement going.
- the compression services agreement will be terminated
- there will be a 90 day transition period starting 1/1/01within which 
Crestone will build up an operations and maintenance strategy
- during the 90 day transition, Crestone will make an election as to whether 
we want all of the O&M, part of it, or recontract with either Hanover or 
another 3rd   party  (basically we want the flexibility to do anything we 
want).
- Hanover will provide to us a rate stucture that will be in effect during 
the 90 day transition.  We talked about covering their costs (under a flat 
monthly fee) plus  a 15 to 20% markup.  We also agreed to meet with them very 
soon to define exactly who does or pays for specific services.
- We will need to address the way new units will be ordered in the future.  I 
have not worked on this yet.
- Hanover made the committment to maximize on line availability of their units
- There will be a 2 year term during which Hanover will be Crestone's 
"preferred provider" of either rented or purchased machines.  This needs to 
be   structrured so that we dont necessarily have to use them.The term will 
start 1/1/01.
Thanks for your help.  Let me know if I can fill in some of the details for 
you.
Ken
Brant,  Attached is the executable guaranty with the notice language 
included.  Let me know if you need anything else.
Ken,  Attached are the letter which allow us to disclose certain information 
under the Tom Brown confidentiality agreement to third parties and a nom 
letter for Jan - 01.  Please review and let me know if you have any questions.
Hi Melissa,  What up? Just stuck here working late on a project and thought I 
would drop you a line to see if you were still alive.  Hope you had a great 
Christmas and New Years and were able to enjoy some time off.  I spent most 
of it up here working.  The workload has been incredible 
Take care,
Gerald
For your review.
"Anthony, Timothy S. (Gulf Power)"  	01/04/2001 04:20 PM
Mark & Gerald 
Per our conference call of earlier today attached for your review is
an updated letter agreement which includes the regulatory uncertainty
language discussed as well as filled in blanks which were previously left
vacant.
Gerald...If I understood you correctly during the conference call
you inquired about Gulf's contract for electric service.  If this doesn't
fulfill your request please let me know...please refer you to a fax I sent
you dated 12/13/00 which included:
1) Contract for Electric Service
2) Rate Schedule
TSA
- Enron letter agreement draft_5.doc
Attached is a very rough draft of the O&M Agreement based on our 
discussions.   There are several blanks concerning the numbers and I have 
noted several questions thoughout the agreement that need further 
clarification.  I am okay with sending this to the operator with the caveat 
that although the general substance of the agreement is in place, there may 
be some further changes to the language after further review.  Please review.
Andrew Edison@
01/08/2001 08:35 AM
Can you find out this morning the principal place of business and state of 
incorporation for TBI Field Services, Inc. and let me know?  Thanks.
Thanks for the heads up!  I was out sick yesterday and will probably be 
leaving early today.  Still not feeling so good.  When do you go to London Or have you gone already?
Mandy.Bowles@email.moore.com
01/08/2001 10:01 AM
Heard on the radio this morning that they're announcing tour dates tomorrow
or the next day - might wanna check into it!
Mandy
Greg,   Attached is the language we propose to substitute for their proposed 
language in item #4 of the interconnect agreement.
GT,  Hey Bud,  Yea that Holiday Bowl was heartbreaking.  Never seen three TD 
passes dropped.
Unfortunately, I don't have Ernie's number.  He called me one time at about 
11 pm on a Saturday from someone's cell phone he had borrowed and left no 
number.  Typical Ernie. 
How are the wedding plans going?
"Townsend, George"  	01/08/2001 12:50 PM
G,
How's it going?  The horns had a decent season I guess.
Hey, do you know how I can get a hold of Ernie?
Let me know.
GT
Steve,  I won't be there, but I did leave Shari a voice mail concerning the 
PGT Transaction we just completed.  The firm PGT capacity is ours through 
Nov. 1, 2008.  The remaining term is being released to Calpine.  The Capacity 
Release was just posted and should be completed by Jan 31, 2001.   I don't 
have a copy of the contract, but Stephanie Miller could provide that if 
needed.  It is a standard FTS-1tariff form.  This transport also backs the 
Canadian Producer Net Back deals.  Peter Keohane would be the one to talk to 
about these producer deals and their relation to the PGT Capacity.
Steve Van Hooser
01/09/2001 01:12 PM
Gerald,
PGT
Can you go? You have the most current understanding of the PGT capacity, its 
current rights and obligations.  I have a meeting at 3:30 that I could cut 
short. What's your view.
Dan,
PG&E Texas (Valero) 
Do you think that all the PG&E Texas transport is relevant to this Bankruptcy 
Due Diligence issue since those assets should now be owned by El Paso? 
Understanding what our rights are or are not as to prior periods imbalances 
would be an interesting bankruptcy law exam given that ENA's been operating 
under an "unexecuted" header/transport contract with PG&E Texas for the past 
2 to 3 years.
Steve
Kaye Ellis
01/09/2001 11:50 AM
Per Shari Stack's previous email, the PG&E Due Diligence Effort meeting will 
be held today at 4 pm in our new team meeting room - EB3872.
Please let me know if any of you have a conflict with this time.
Kaye
ext. 3-5968
Kay,  Please see the attached.
Stephanie,  I have the copy of the contract so don't worry about that.  Do 
you know of any other deals with PGT we currently hold?
Becky,  You knowledge of any other PGT deals we have along with the tariff 
provisions would be appreciated.  I am trying to prepare a brief for Travis 
by late tommorrow.
Thanks.
Steve Van Hooser
01/10/2001 02:38 PM
Stephanie and Becky,
I need your help with the PG&E credit exposure diligence described in Travis 
McCullough's e:mail set forth below. Could you please forward me (i) copies 
of the Service Agreement, Capacity Release materials and executed PGT 
Agreement for the 67,000 MMBtu of transport acquired in 1998, and (ii) the 
Tariff provisions that deal with the matters described in Travis' e:mail Also, what additional transportation transactions do we currently have on 
PG&E entities.  Do you have a feel for that? We are supposed to be helping 
Credit to get a handle on (a) PG&E exposure and (b) setoff opportunities as 
to such exposure. Of course, Credit would like our input by Friday 
Thanks for your help.
Steve Van Hooser
Shari Stack
01/09/2001 10:10 AM
My asst., Kaye Ellis, will be calling each of you this morning to see if you 
can attend a short meeting today to discuss a due diligence effort with 
regard to Pacific Gas  and Electric Company and its various subsidiaries.  We 
have an overall exposure report from Credit which shows that Enron is exposed 
to PG&E in virtually all of the commodities that we transact. 
In the meeting today - Travis and I will help you identify the PG&E 
entity/entities which may have transactions with Enron concerning your 
particular commodity. We will ask you to pull the relevant master agreement 
and provide the information set forth below. 
Thank you in advance for your help,
Shari
Travis McCullough
01/09/2001 09:12 AM
Attached is the form of brief for PGT.
Shari Stack
01/10/2001 11:46 AM
In case it is helpful as a go-by, attached is the memo I wrote regarding the 
master agreements for physical power. 
Kind 
Shari
Attached is the bilateral CA form for Universal Mark and I discussed.
Travis, will be receiving a matrix from outside counsel.  Let's gather the 
information but don't follow Sherry's form yet.  We will use this matrix when 
it is received.  Looks like we also have other contracts.  I will let you 
know when I receive the other contracts.
Travis McCullough
01/10/2001 08:49 PM
Thanks very much for the information on the PGE trading contracts.
Outside counsel is developing a form of "matrix" that they would like us to 
complete on each of the contracts.  I expect that you will have already done 
most of the work to complete that matrix with respect to your contracts, but 
we will need your help in completing the matrix and possibly digging up some 
additional information.  I will forward the matrix to you when I receive it.
I know how busy everyone is, and really appreciate your prompt response in 
this matter.  As you know, the situation in California is critical, and 
completion of this due diligence effort is key to our ability  to respond to 
the situation.
Travis McCullough
David,  Attached is the rough draft of the O&M Agreement for the Lumberton 
and Elizabethtown plants.
Gerald Nemec
01/05/2001 02:51 PM
Attached is a very rough draft of the O&M Agreement based on our 
discussions.   There are several blanks concerning the numbers and I have 
noted several questions thoughout the agreement that need further 
clarification.  I am okay with sending this to the operator with the caveat 
that although the general substance of the agreement is in place, there may 
be some further changes to the language after further review.  Please review.
Attached are David's insurance comments to the original O&M Draft.  Please 
incorporate these into the agreement.
David Marshall
01/12/2001 02:30 PM
Gerald,
Sorry to not have gotten this to you sooner but I have been buried today
Please call me with questions
Hope you had a great weekend.  Received this out of the blue.
"Philip Rouse"  	01/13/2001 12:49 PM
?
Attached is?the form of release letter  Merrick intends to use in connection 
with its payment of minor crop damage on  the Lost Creek pipeline project.
?
Please let me know if you have any comments  with respect to the form of the 
release.??Merrick intends to send  payment with the letter on January 17, 
2001. 
?
Thank you.? Phil  Rouse
- Jack Corbett (1).doc
I will revise these for the exhibits when I am in Denver.  Do not delete.
Sorry about the delay,   I believe they are sitting on someone desk right 
now.  I am tracking them down.  No problem just usual stacks of paper delays.
"Bransgrove. Alan"  	01/15/2001 03:32 PM
Gerald:
I'm still awaiting executed copies of these Assignment agreements.  Please
advise as to the status of obtaining execution.  Is there a problem?
Alan Bransgrove
Manager, Contract Administration
Gas Acquisition & Trading
(303) 308-6172
Hey Kevin,  How is it going cousin?  Found the napkin that you left your 
email address on at Kenneally's.  Man, I really was loaded by the time I left 
that place.  I went down to CC the next day and told my parents we had met They said they had just been at your wedding not to long before Christmas Small world!
How's Houston treating you?  Been back to Kenneally's since?  Drop me a line 
when you get a chance.
Gerald,
Eric,  Plan on attending this with me 
Steve Van Hooser
01/16/2001 08:42 AM
Gerald,
Would you please, or would you please task Eric to deal with this.  I'll 
forward you a voicemail that I received on this Friday afternoon or over the 
weekend.
Thanks,
Steve
Mary Comello@
01/16/2001 08:23 AM
Per the request of Sherlyn Schumack, Please plan to attend the following 
meeting:
Topic: Black Marlin UA4
Date: Thursday, Jan. 18
Time: 4-5 PM
Place: EB37c1
Thanks,
Mary Comello   x35999
Phil,  I forwarded this to Shonnie Daniel.  She is handling these matters now.
"Philip Rouse"  	01/13/2001 12:49 PM
?
Attached is?the form of release letter  Merrick intends to use in connection 
with its payment of minor crop damage on  the Lost Creek pipeline project.
?
Please let me know if you have any comments  with respect to the form of the 
release.??Merrick intends to send  payment with the letter on January 17, 
2001. 
?
Thank you.? Phil  Rouse
- Jack Corbett (1).doc
Hey Karry,
Are you still out there?  Hope everything is going well for you and your 
Holidays were great.  I am doing good.  Just the usual - work, party, work, 
party 
Hi Kristi, =20
Hope 2001 is treating you well so far.  We might be interested in the Flower=20
Garden trip.  What is the price for these trips?
=09Kristi and Greg Foster  =0901/15/2001 09:54 PM
=09=09=20
Hi guys,=20
HAPPY 2001!?  We=01,re off to a big start?  - we=01,re now on line!? Check  us out=20
at www.scubadoobydoo.com.
As a =01&heads=018 up, we have two trips scheduled to the Flower  Gardens trips in=20
Marchfor the Hammerhead shark  migration!? We still have spots  available =01)=20
hint, hint.? We=01,ll also  have more trips scheduled as soon as we get back=20
from DEMA at the end of this  month.? (We=01,re going through Cozumel =20
withdrawal!)
I=01,ll be offering Advanced training, Nitrox, Photography,  Fish ID and other=20
specialties in conjunction with the Flower Gardens trips.? Class dates are=20
posted on our website. =20
I=01,m also offering a new class for 2001 -- Scuba Sign  Language Specialty.?=20
The first class  starts in March.?=20
Best wishes and lots of fishes,
Kristi and Greg Foster
713-662-3455
Based on the current draft of the O&M agreement, we do have the ability to 
(i) terminate each agreement for a one time fee of $200,000, or (ii) suspend 
all or a portion of the O&M services for a period of time and the parties 
would then meet to determine a mutually agreeable adjustment to the then 
current Operating Fee.  Let me know if you have any questions.
Steve Van Hooser
01/18/2001 09:00 AM
Could you please answer Question #2 for RAC's Chip Schneider.  Let me know 
once you have talked to him.
Thanks,
Steve
Chip Schneider@
01/18/2001 08:21 AM
In considering the worst case scenario 
The Force Majeure provision seems reasonably broad in the Steam Purchase 
Agreement.  Would we be able to rely on this at some point to suspend our 
steam supply to AKF in the event, for unforseen reasons, we could not obtain 
an Interconnection Agreement or transmission capacity to transport power from 
Elizabethtown and Lumberton?
Also, if it were determined that we could not sell power from the sites, can 
we terminate or downsize the scope of the O&M Agreement?
,
Stephanie,  Attached is the PA and TSA with my comments redlined.  Before you 
forward to Kern, let's discuss.
Yes,  I was under the weather for a rough 4 or 5 days, but I am pretty much 
over it now.  I think I partied too hard in New Orleans over New Years Impressive, on George Dubbya's invite list.  You must know some people in 
high places.  Have fun and give me a shout when you get back and we'll do 
something.  Later.
Janel Guerrero@
01/18/2001 02:21 PM
Hi.  I heard you were sick.  Are you back on the mend?  (Just spoke with 
Bruce -- he told me).  I'm leaving tomorrow to go to the Inauguration in DC, 
but when I get back we'll have to plan on dinner or a movie or something 
fun.  It's been a while.  Maybe those married friends of yours will make us 
dinner 
Chris,  Attached is the PA with the language we discussed included.
Ken Choyce@
09/25/99 01:01 PM
Gerald,
This is Black Hill's proposed changes to the contact for the lay down yard in 
Gillette.   We are already using it and Karl Durant will be in the process of 
getting the office set up and utilities starting Monday 9/27.   We should 
probably move quickly on this.   Thanks again.
Please respond to "mlojo@truecos.com"  Ken,
My telephone number is 307/266-0319.  I'll try to resend the documents,
but they show they already have the .doc suffix.  If this doesn't work,
I'll fax them down to you.
Manuel
- ENRON MIDSTREAM YARD LEASE.doc
- 2ENRON MIDSTREAM YARD LEASE.doc
Ken,  Attached is the revised agency agreement.  I accepted all you changes 
you forwarded earlier and added an indemnity section.  Please review and let  
me know if you want to discuss.
I do play guitar, but I am really still just learning.  I can play bit and 
pieces of various songs.  Might be fun to attempt to jam together anyway Are your drums here in Houston 
Kevin Jurica  	01/17/2001 07:46 AM
It's going great!
I told my folks as well and they were pretty surprised.  Houston has been
good to us so far.  Although I have been working my butt off, so I haven't
seen much of it.  I heard you play the guitar.  We could have a little
partridge family band because I play the drums.  Anyway I have been itching
to play for about 3 years (I have been in apartments for that long), so we
should get together and jam if you are interested.
I'll talk to you later,
-Kevin
Hey Kevin,  How is it going cousin?  Found the napkin that you left your
email address on at Kenneally's.  Man, I really was loaded by the time I
left that place.  I went down to CC the next day and told my parents we had
met.  They said they had just been at your wedding not to long before
Christmas.  Small world!
How's Houston treating you?  Been back to Kenneally's since?  Drop me a
line when you get a chance.
Gerald,
Yes,  It depends on when and how much.  Any details yet? 
Patricia_Cuero@Dell.com
01/19/2001 11:08 AM
Are you still interested in the ski trip?
Thanks,
Patricia Cuero
Bus Ops, Program Manager
(512) 723-6977
(800)  289-3355 ext. 36977
(512) 728-3653 fax
"The only limits on what you can accomplish are the limits you place on your
own imagination."
I think we are finally in agreement on the agency agreement.
"Ken"  	01/19/2001 12:39 PM
Please respond to kckrisa
Gerald, it looks fine.  I will make accept changes, correct the item
numbers, change L.L.C on Crescendo Energy to LLC and send you two signed
copies.
Thx
Ken
Ken,  Attached is the revised agency agreement.  I accepted all you changes
you forwarded earlier and added an indemnity section.  Please review and
let  me know if you want to discuss.
(See attached file: Crescendo-agency rev2.doc)
Mark,  Attached is the revised letter agreement.  Please review and if 
acceptable forward to Gulf.  In addition to the items you and I discussed, I 
also added an arbitration clause.   This is standard for all Enron deals Please let me know if you have any questions.
Is this being looked at as an ENA acquistion also, or solely a Crescendo 
acquisition?
"Ken"  	01/23/2001 03:52 PM
Please respond to kckrisa
I received the proposed PSA for the Wildhorse acquisition from Petrie
Parkman today.  I have attached for everyone's review.  We are required to
send back to TBI with proposed changes with our proposal.
Mark, would you please forward to those who need to see it besides Audrey
and Gerald.
Thx
Ken Krisa
- PSA.DOC
What is the time frame? This agreement looks to need significant revisions.
"Ken"  	01/23/2001 03:52 PM
Please respond to kckrisa
I received the proposed PSA for the Wildhorse acquisition from Petrie
Parkman today.  I have attached for everyone's review.  We are required to
send back to TBI with proposed changes with our proposal.
Mark, would you please forward to those who need to see it besides Audrey
and Gerald.
Thx
Ken Krisa
- PSA.DOC
Term sheet for Huber deal.
Gerald Nemec
07/26/2000 05:38 PM
Attached is my draft revised term sheet for the producer purchase 
agreements.  Let me know if you have any comments.
Steve,  We will probably use outside counsel that has worked with Crescendo 
before to handle this from Crescendo's perspective.  I will coordinate from 
ENA's perspective.  I am working with Teresa on this issue.
Steve Pruett@
01/23/2001 06:00 PM
Can you review the PSA on Crescendo's behalf, or is this something Teresa 
Bushman or outside counsel should review?
FYI
I received the proposed PSA for the Wildhorse acquisition from Petrie
Parkman today.  I have attached for everyone's review.  We are required to
send back to TBI with proposed changes with our proposal.
Mark, would you please forward to those who need to see it besides Audrey
and Gerald.
Thx
Ken Krisa
- PSA.DOC
No plans for Thursday yet.   Might get tied up at work a little late but 
could meet you guys there later. Around 8:00.  Let me know.
Kevin Jurica  	01/23/2001 04:59 PM
Yeah, they are in our spare closet.  That has been the extent of their use
for the past few years.  Just holding up boxes of crap.  I have actually be
looking for some good musicians to jam with, but i guess you will do Anyway, we need to hook up again.  Maybe at Keneally's?  What are you doing
this Thursday?
-Kevin
I do play guitar, but I am really still just learning.  I can play bit and
pieces of various songs.  Might be fun to attempt to jam together anyway.
Are your drums here in Houston?
Kevin Jurica
Subject:     RE: Hello!
01/17/2001 07:46 AM
It's going great!
I told my folks as well and they were pretty surprised.  Houston has been
good to us so far.  Although I have been working my butt off, so I haven't
seen much of it.  I heard you play the guitar.  We could have a little
partridge family band because I play the drums.  Anyway I have been itching
to play for about 3 years (I have been in apartments for that long), so we
should get together and jam if you are interested.
I'll talk to you later,
-Kevin
Hey Kevin,  How is it going cousin?  Found the napkin that you left your
email address on at Kenneally's.  Man, I really was loaded by the time I
left that place.  I went down to CC the next day and told my parents we had
met.  They said they had just been at your wedding not to long before
Christmas.  Small world!
How's Houston treating you?  Been back to Kenneally's since?  Drop me a
line when you get a chance.
Gerald,
David,  Have you had a chance to review these requirements?  Let me know.
David 
Please review the Insurance Requirements set forth below and confirm that 
this is the coverage that would be required by a Construction Contractor for 
ENA 
Shonnie Daniel x31463
EXHIBIT E
MINIMUM INSURANCE REQUIREMENTS
Worker Compensation and Employers Liability Insurance
Contractor agrees to comply with Workers Compensation laws of the state where 
the Work is performed, and to maintain a Workers Compensation and Employers 
Liability policy.  This policy shall be endorsed to provide: all states 
coverages, voluntary compensation coverages and occupational disease.  If the 
Work is to be performed on or near navigable waters, the policy shall include 
coverage for United States Longshoremen's and Harbor Worker's, Death on the 
High Seas, Jones Act, and all shall contain endorsement for Borrowed Servants.
Workers Compensation  Statutory
Employer's Liability  $1,000,000 Each Accident (Minimum)
$1,000,000 Disease Each Employee 
General Liability Insurance
General Liability insurance, endorsed to provide coverage for explosion, 
collapse and underground damage hazards to property of others; Contractual 
Liability (particularly the applicable provisions of the "General Indemnity" 
section of this Contract); Contractors Protective Liability (if 
subcontracting is authorized) and Products and Completed Operations (for a 
minimum of two year after acceptance of the Work).  Watercraft exclusions 
deleted (if Work necessitates the use of watercraft of any kind).
Bodily Injury   $1,000,000 Each Occurrence (Minimum)
Property Damage   $1,000,000 Each Occurrence (Minimum)
or
Bodily Injury and
Property Damage   $1,000,000 Combined Single Limit Each Occurrence (Minimum)
Automobile Liability Insurance
Automobile Liability insurance which shall include coverage for all owned, 
non-owned and hired vehicles.
Bodily Injury   $1,000,000 Each Person (Minimum) 
$1,000,000 Each Occurrence (Minimum)
Property Damage   $1,000,000 Each Occurrence (Minimum)
or
Bodily Injury and
Property Damage   $1,000,000 Combined Single Limit Each Occurrence (Minimum)
Excess Umbrella Liability Coverage
Bodily Injury and
Property Damage   $1,000,000 Combined Single Limit Each Occurrence (Minimum)
Additional Requirements
Contractor shall require any subcontractor at any tier, vendor, supplier, 
material dealer and others connected with the Work to provide and maintain 
insurance at all times during the period that their agreement related to Work 
under this Contract is in force and effect at the subcontractor's, vendor's, 
supplier's, material dealer's, or others' own cost, with insurance limits and 
in form and issuing companies acceptable to Company.
Contractor shall submit to Company at the time Contractor executes this 
Contract, a Certificate of Insurance, in form satisfactory to Company, 
evidencing that satisfactory coverages of the type and limits set forth 
hereinabove are in effect.  Policies providing such coverages shall contain 
provisions that no cancellation or material changes in the policies shall 
become effective except on thirty (30) days advance written notice thereof to 
Company.  Irrespective of the requirements as to insurance to be carried as 
provided for herein, the insolvency, bankruptcy or failure of any insurance 
company carrying insurance of Contractor, the failure of any insurance 
company to pay claims accruing, or the inadequacy of the limits of the 
insurance, shall not affect, negate or waive any to the provisions of this 
Contract including, without exception, the indemnity obligations of 
Contractor.
Contractor agrees to require any policies of insurance, except Workers 
Compensation coverages, which are in any way related to the Work and that are 
secured and maintained by Contractor or its subcontractors, to include 
Company, its parent and affiliated companies, and their directors, officers, 
employees and agents, as Additional Insured.  Furthermore, Underwriters shall 
waive all rights of recovery against Company, its parent and affiliated 
companies which Contractor may have or acquire because of deductible clauses 
in or inadequacy of limits of, any policies of insurance maintained by 
Contractor.
Contractor agrees to require all such policies of insurance which are in any 
way related to the Work and that are secured and maintained by Contractor or 
its subcontractors, to include clauses providing that each underwriter shall 
waive its rights of recovery, under subrogation or otherwise, against 
Company, its parent and affiliated companies and their directors, officers, 
employees and agents.
Stephanie,  Attached are the revised PA and TSA per our discussions today.
Steve,  I think we are going to use Bill Ward with Pruitt-Gushee. I am trying 
to confirm this with Teresa.   He worked on the original Crescendo 
transaction.  I talked to Ken and his is okay with this also.
Steve Pruett@
01/25/2001 09:34 AM
Please review at your convenience.  Where are you on having the PSA reviewed?
- STD GATH AGRMT 01-15-01.doc
Clement, Enron Corp. currently has an executed guaranty for up to $12 mil 
which guaranties Bridgeline Gas Marketing LLC deals with Superior Natural Gas 
Corporation.  ENA owns 40% of Bridgeline.  The guaranty severally obligates 
Enron Corp. for 40% of the $12 mil and Texaco Inc. for the other 60%.  The 
attached amendment increases the guaranty amount to $25 mil per Superior's 
request.  Please review and if acceptable obtain execution by Enron Corp Please call me at x-33512 with any questions 
Brant,  This form will probably work for the Texaco guaranty also.  I don't 
have a copy of the Texaco guaranty though and I need to review it to make 
sure it is identical to the Enron form.  Can you obtain a copy for me?
They are based out of Salt Lake City, Utah.
Steve Pruett@
01/25/2001 11:32 AM
Are Pruitt-Gushee in Midland or Houston?
Gerald Nemec@ECT
01/25/2001 10:55 AM
Steve,  I think we are going to use Bill Ward with Pruitt-Gushee. I am trying 
to confirm this with Teresa.   He worked on the original Crescendo 
transaction.  I talked to Ken and his is okay with this also.
Steve Pruett@
01/25/2001 09:34 AM
Please review at your convenience.  Where are you on having the PSA reviewed?
- STD GATH AGRMT 01-15-01.doc
Brant,  Any luck obtaining a word file for the Potash Guaranty or the 
Bridgeline Credit Services Agreement?
Sorry, Sorry,
I missed your birthday last week.  Hope you had a great birthday with Will 
and his family.  Are things going well in the Big D?  I have been doing 
fine.  Work keeps me pretty busy 
Happy Birthday!
Gerald  
Bill,  I am forwarding an agreement I have discussed with Susan Clark last 
week.  She suggested I forward this to you.  The attached agreement addresses 
the power line facilities for Enron Compression Services Company's electric 
motor drivers in Florida.  The agreement has been highly negotiated to this 
point, but I wanted to get your general view of the structure prior to 
executing this with Gulf.  We are trying to execute quickly.  Susan could 
give you more context on our situation with Gulf.  Please call me if you have 
any questions (713) 853-3512. 
This doesn't explain Friday night, though.
Ryan.F.Ruppert@EXXON.sprint.com
01/29/2001 08:40 AM
Date: January 29, 2001
RYAN F. RUPPERT
West Texas Geoscience
U.S. West Production
ExxonMobil Production Co.
PH: 713.431.1839
FX: 713.431.1510
A herd of buffalo can only move as fast as the slowest buffalo, and 
when the=20
herd is hunted, it is the slowest and weakest ones at the back that are=20
killed first. This natural selection is good for the herd as a whole,=20
because the general speed and health of the whole is maintained or even=20
improved by the regular culling of the weakest members.=20
In much the same way, the human brain can operate only as fast as the=20
slowest brain cells through which the electrical signals pass.=20
Recent epidemiological studies have shown that while excessive intake of=20
alcohol kills off brain cells, it attacks the slowest and weakest brain=20
cells first. Thus, regular consumption of beer, wine etc., helps eliminate=20
the weaker cells, constantly making the brain a faster and more efficient=20
machine.=20
The result of this in-depth study verifies and validates the causal link=20
between all-weekend parties and job related performance. It also explains=20
why, after a few short years of leaving a university and  getting married,=20
most professionals cannot keep up with the performance of the new graduates.=20
Only those few that stick to the strict regimen of voracious alcoholic=20
consumption can maintain the intellectual levels that they achieve during=20
their college years.=20
So, this is a call to arms. As our country is losing its technological edge,=20
we cannot shudder in our homes. Get back into the bars. Quaff that pint.=20
Your company and country need you to be at your peak, and you shouldn't deny=20
yourself the career that you could have.=20
Take life by the bottle and be all that you can be. Forward this to all of=20
your friends, acquaintances and co-workers that may be in danger of losing=20
heir edge.
Tana,  This isn't something we worked on.  I know the NNG and TW have been=20
using EOL to auction capacity, so this is probably something the TW=20
attorney's have worked on.  Not sure.  Let me know if I can be of any help.
=09Jeffrey T Hodge
=0901/29/2001 04:31 PM
=09=09=20
Gerald and Steve:
Could you look at these and let me know what is going on?
Thanks,=20
Jeff
=09Tana Jones
=0901/26/2001 09:11 AM
=09=09=20
=09Kevin Meredith@
=0901/26/2001 08:29 AM
=09=09=20
Your review and approval of the following two product type in the EOL=20
Datamanager is needed (for directions on approval , please see steps for=20
approval at the bottom of this e-mail).
US PLCapTranswestern Frm  USD/MMBtu
FIRM TRANSPORTATION
A transaction with Transwestern Pipeline Company (=01&Transwestern=018) under which=20
Transwestern will transport, on a firm basis, a maximum daily volume (stated=20
in MMBtu per day) equal to the volume identified on the Website.  Customer=20
agrees that this Transaction will be governed by the terms contained within=20
the online General Terms and Conditions (GTC). =20
The term of the Transaction shall correspond to the date(s) set forth in the=20
Product description on the Website. =20
This Transaction provides firm pipeline transportation capacity from the=20
primary receipt point of [Michelle to supply point name and POI #] to the=20
primary delivery point of [Michelle to supply].  The posted rate, stated in=20
USD/MMBtu on the Website, is a daily one-part rate, inclusive of all=20
applicable reservation, commodity and surcharge rates. The total charge for=20
the month will equal the posted rate multiplied by the maximum daily volume=20
times the number of days in the term of the transaction.  The daily rate does=20
not include fuel, which will apply and be billed separately. =20
The price is quoted in US Dollars per unit of volume, which will be the=20
Contractual Currency.=20
The unit of measure against which the price is quoted shall be millions of=20
British thermal units and the quantity shown shall be in millions of Btus per=20
day.
=20
US PLCapTranswestern Int  USD/MMBtu
INTERRUPTIBLE TRANSPORTATION
A transaction with Transwestern Pipeline Company (=01&Transwestern=018) under which=20
Transwestern will transport, on an interruptible basis, a maximum daily=20
volume (stated in MMBtu per day) equal to the volume identified on the=20
Website.  Customer agrees that this Transaction will be governed by the terms=20
contained within the online General Terms and Conditions (GTC). =20
The term of the Transaction shall correspond to the date(s) set forth in the=20
Product description on the Website. =20
This Transaction provides interruptible pipeline transportation capacity from=20
the primary receipt point of [Michelle to supply point name and POI #] to the=20
primary delivery point of [Michelle to supply].  The posted rate, stated in=20
USD/MMBtu on the Website, is a daily one-part rate, inclusive of all=20
commodity rates and surcharges.  The total charge for the month will equal=20
the posted rate multiplied by the quantity of gas scheduled during the=20
month.  The daily rate does not include fuel, which will apply and be billed=20
separately. =20
The price is quoted in US Dollars per unit of volume, which will be the=20
Contractual Currency.=20
The unit of measure against which the price is quoted shall be millions of=20
British thermal units and the quantity shown shall be in millions of Btus per=20
day.
=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D
=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D
STEPS FOR APPROVAL:
click the  START button=20
select  PROGRAMS
select  TEST APPLICATIONS
select ENRONONLINE CLUSTER(PROD)
PROCEED WITH USUAL LOGIN/PASSWORD=20
click the Enron Online Production Cluster "START" button =20
select EnronOnLine (this is the EOL Datamanager)
PROCEED WITH EOL LOGIN/PASSWORD
click on the "+" for EnronOnLine
click on the "+" for Product Types
click on the "+" for "Awaiting Approval" (OR  "Partially Approved")
select the product requiring review as stated in e-mail above
Right "mouse" click on "properties" to view product set-up=20
TO APPROVE:  Right mouse click on "Approved"
Pat,  Please print these out for me.  Thanks.
"David Locascio"  	01/30/2001 03:25 PM
Attached please find both blacklined and execution of the respective O&M 
Agreements for the 2 facilities, excluding certain exhibits.  Jay Sonneburg 
with Bracewell will be taking the execution copies with him in order to get 
the 2 LLC's signature when Enron takes control of the LLCs.
Jay will attach Schedule 1 to each agreement which is a description of the 
facilities.  My understanding is that Dwight will be forwarding electronic 
versions of Schedule 2 - Permits and Schedule 3 - Budget for both 
agreements.  All other schedules are already attached to the agreements 
themselves.
Because I will be out of the office most of the day tomorrow in meetings and 
Jay will have his hands otherwise very full at the closing, I would suggest 
getting with me asap on Tues. if any material changes are needed.  At this 
point I would not recommend changing any non-material changes.
I am available today to discuss at your convenience and can be reached at 
(713) 221-1396 
David W. Locascio
Bracewell & Patterson, L.L.P.
711 Louisiana, Suite 2900
Houston, Texas  77002-2781
phone: 713.221.1396
fax:      713.221.2134
email: dlocascio@bracepatt.com
- Redline O&M AGREEMENT for LUMBERTON.doc
- Execution Copy of O&M AGREEMENT for LUMBERTON.doc
- Redline O&M Agreement for Elizabethtown.doc
- Execution Copy of O&M Agreement for Elizabethtown.doc
Brian,  Thanks for the camping trip this weekend.  It did help me clear my 
mind and sort some things out.  This is a tough time right now, but having 
good friends like you will help me get through this.  Thanks again.
The Artist.
"Gerald Nemec"  	01/30/2001 08:48 PM
Testing, Testing.
You and Richard had agreed to put in the Feb 28 deadline for providing 
alternative rates in Sec 1.7 of the PA
WE are planning to add the following to the end of the 3rd sentence:
by no later than February 28, 2001. 
we need to be sure to have that information since so that decision can be 
made within the 15 day window. Otherwise, we may have less than 15 days.
Please advise.
Thanks 
Stephanie
"Ken"  	01/23/2001 03:52 PM
Please respond to kckrisa
I received the proposed PSA for the Wildhorse acquisition from Petrie
Parkman today.  I have attached for everyone's review.  We are required to
send back to TBI with proposed changes with our proposal.
Mark, would you please forward to those who need to see it besides Audrey
and Gerald.
Thx
Ken Krisa
- PSA.DOC
Chris,  The original transaction agreement were done via fax.  We only have 
fax copies. The two amended and restated transaction agreement #2's he sent 
on Dec. 21 were inadvertently not executed by Huber.  I sent them back, but 
somewhere they got lost in the shuffle.  Let's have him execute the copies 
you left with him.
Mark Whitt@
Sent by: Mark Whitt@
01/29/2001 11:05 AM
I have forwarded all the agreements I  have to Gerald.  I assume that there 
is an original of the Transaction Agreement in Houston.  It was done over the 
Fax.
In addition,  Myself and Stephanie need about 15 minutes with you sometime 
this week so that we can transition the Capacity Release activity on WIC to 
Stephanie.
Mark
Chris Meyer@ECT
01/29/2001 09:56 AM
Gerald/Mark - I dropped off the Huber contracts as follows:
Trailblazer Assignment and Assumption Agreement - dropped off one original 
for execution.  The VP was not there to sign.  We should receive the executed 
original back from Huber this week.  Thereafter, all three originals go to 
Trailblazer for signature.
Capacity Assignment and Prearranged Release Agreement - gave original to 
Brian Stone.
Amended and Restated Transaction Agreement #2 - Brian stated that he mailed 
the two "Huber" executed originals to Mark Whitt on 12/21/00.  I left the two 
(replacement) unexecuted agreements with him in the event Mark cannot locate 
those mailed in December.  Mark - do you have these?  Let me know ASAP.
Enfolio Master Firm Purchase / Sale Agreement - dropped off two originals for 
execution (to replace the fax'd version).  Should get back this week.
Original Transaction Agreement - Brian only has a fax'd copy.  He wants to 
know if there is an original that exists.  Let me know if we have any 
originals or whether the deal was originally done over the fax 
chris
x31666
GT,  Hey Bud!  Sounds good.  I am around this weekend.  Let me know what's 
up.  G
"Townsend, George"  	02/01/2001 10:39 AM
G,
Are you in Houston this weekend? I am coming into town.
GT
Bill,  Attached are my revisions to Tom Brown's PSA.  Please incorporate 
these into your document.  I may still have a few more revisions, but wanted 
to get this draft out ASAP.  I will let you know of any other revisions as 
soon as possible 
I am open tonight.  Let me know what time you're coming in.  I can help you 
tomorrow too.
You can reach me at the following:
H (713) 942-8006
W (713) 853-3512
Cell (281) 772-9250
"Townsend, George"  	02/02/2001 09:35 AM
G,
I am coming into town tonight. Do you have big plans? I thought we could
hook up for some beers or something and I could crash at your casa.
I need help putting some furniture into  a U Haul tomorrow at Heather's
house in Spring so maybe you could help me and I will by you lunch. I
understand if you are busy. Ernie lives in Tomball. Maybe we can get a hold
of him too.
Let me know dude.
GT
Per our discussion attached is the revised CSA.  I will forward the revised 
Lease and O&M Agreements (reflecting the equipment change) early next week.
Ken,  Attached is a draft of my comments to the gathering agreement.  I have 
made it clear in the language that the agreement is fully interruptible at 
our discretion.  The agreement is still a keep whole on the liquids.  I did 
not change this section.  Also I did not review or change Exhibit A.  I will 
leave that to you.
Barbara,  Attached is the term sheet with my revision.  Please let me know if 
you have any questions.
Attached is a draft Change Order for the Electric Drive Compressor Station Please review. Specifically note the Compressor Contract Price Sheet and how 
Merrick Modified the Target Price definition.  Also I envision using this 
same format for the Dew Point Plant Change Order
.
Staci,  Your proposed language is acceptable.  Thanks for your help.
STACI HOLTZMAN ENRON 09/27/99 03:17 PM
Gerald --   To address your concerns raised in the proposed rider to 
Paragraph 11.2, we would suggest the following language be inserted as the 
last paragraph in Article XI:
11. __  Shipper retains its rights to raise objections of undue 
discrimination with regard to rates and/or terms and conditions applicable to 
Phase V service on grounds of undue discrimination; provided however, in the 
event Shipper has such objections, Shipper will provide Transporter with ten 
(10) days written notice prior to filing any such objections with FERC.
"David Locascio"  	01/30/2001 06:22 PM
Attached please find the execution copies of both O&M Agreements.  The only 
change I have made is the one we discussed at the end of Section 8.4.  Please 
let me know if you wish to discuss.
Jay, unfortunately, I would just print out these documents in lieu of the 
hard copies I previously gave you. However, keep and use the budget schedules 
I gave you.
.
David W. Locascio
Bracewell & Patterson, L.L.P.
711 Louisiana, Suite 2900
Houston, Texas  77002-2781
phone: 713.221.1396
fax:      713.221.2134
email: dlocascio@bracepatt.com
- Execution Copy of O&M AGREEMENT for LUMBERTON.doc
- Execution Copy of O&M Agreement for Elizabethtown.doc
Attached are my comments to the TBI proposal.  Please review and let me know 
if you have any comments.
I also wanted to clarify a point on the Tom Brown form of gathering 
agreement.  The revised form is an interruptible agreement with no acreage 
dedication.  Since Tom Brown removed all the acreage dedication language, it 
is my understanding that they were not willing to give us an acreage 
dedication.  To the extent we modeled our economics on any Tom Brown 
production, I wanted to make sure everyone understands that these volumes are 
not committed to the system we are purchasing and can be taken by Tom Brown 
to someone else at their discretion.
Per your voice mail, attached is the TBI proposal as revised 
Gerald Nemec
02/06/2001 03:42 PM
Attached are my comments to the TBI proposal.  Please review and let me know 
if you have any comments.
I also wanted to clarify a point on the Tom Brown form of gathering 
agreement.  The revised form is an interruptible agreement with no acreage 
dedication.  Since Tom Brown removed all the acreage dedication language, it 
is my understanding that they were not willing to give us an acreage 
dedication.  To the extent we modeled our economics on any Tom Brown 
production, I wanted to make sure everyone understands that these volumes are 
not committed to the system we are purchasing and can be taken by Tom Brown 
to someone else at their discretion.
For Gathering Agreement
Add to definitions
Interruptible - The term "interruptible" as used herein means that Gatherer, 
in its sole and unfettered discretion, shall have the right to interrupt, 
curtail or suspend the receipt, transportation or delivery of Gas hereunder 
at any time and from time to time without any liability to Shipper by reason 
thereof.
For PSA Agreement 
Add to end of Section 4.01(b) and (d) - , except for Purchaser's receipt of 
written approval of all members of Crescendo Energy, LLC as set forth in 
Section 7.03(d)
Add to beginning of Section 4.01(c) -  Subject to Purchaser's receipt of 
written approval of all members of Crescendo Energy, LLC as set forth in 
Section 7.03(d)
Add as Section 7.03(d) - Purchaser's receipt of written approval of all 
members of Crescendo Energy, LLC.
"Ken Krisa"  	02/08/2001 08:19 AM
Attached is the proposed revisions to the Tom Brown PSA and Gas Gathering
Agreement for South Canyon Production and proposal letter as Gerald and I
have discussed.  These will be included in the package we will overnight to
Petrie Parkman today.
Ken Krisa
- STD GATH AGRMT 02-7-01(red2).doc
- PSA1(red2) 2-7-01.DOC
- TBI Field Services bid response 2-9-01(rev)RED.doc
Pat,  Please print these for me.
"Ken Krisa"  	02/08/2001 08:19 AM
Attached is the proposed revisions to the Tom Brown PSA and Gas Gathering
Agreement for South Canyon Production and proposal letter as Gerald and I
have discussed.  These will be included in the package we will overnight to
Petrie Parkman today.
Ken Krisa
- STD GATH AGRMT 02-7-01(red2).doc
- PSA1(red2) 2-7-01.DOC
- TBI Field Services bid response 2-9-01(rev)RED.doc
Thank You for the Birthday greeting.  Congratulations again to you and Will!!
Sharon Snyder  	02/08/2001 11:20 AM
Happy Birthday to you!
You look like a monkey,
And you smell like one too!!
Especially if you partied like a madman last night!!
Enjoy your day and the weekend!
You deserve and will get the very best --
Sharon Snyder
ssnyder@shelton.org
Boy, That brings back memories.  Thanks for reminding me that I no longer 
have the joy of coming to work every day and receiving another duct tape 
nugget of wisdom.
Mandy.Bowles@email.moore.com
02/08/2001 08:36 AM
Just when I thought I was rid of the duct tape humor, I get this 
Duct tape is like 'the force'. It has a light side & a dark side, and it
holds the universe together.
It's not even funny, but I thought you might like it considering your
affection for the stuff.
I have the form that we used for the Enron Amendment, but I need to see a 
copy of the original Texaco guaranty before I can finalize a form for 
Texaco.  Can you provide me a copy of the Texaco guaranty?
Brant Reves
02/12/2001 10:07 AM
I have already overnighted the Enron amendment.  Where are we in 
preparation/execution of the Texaco amendment?
brant
Brant Reves
01/24/2001 09:45 AM
Hey Gerald,
Enron Corp. and Texaco Inc. currently have issued $12MM guaranties to 
Superior Natural Gas.  The obligations under the guaranties are several and 
not joint obligations.  The customer has asked that we increase these 
guaranties to $25MM.  Please prepare an amendment to the existing guaranties 
and have Enron execute a hardcopy original, delivering such copy to me at 
2860b.  And, drafting an executable Texaco copy so that I might e-mail the 
request to Texaco for signature.
Thanks for your help.
brant
Thanks for the info.  I will prepare the amendment 
Brant Reves
02/12/2001 10:13 AM
As I reviewed the original request, I realised that I did not correctly 
reference the original $15MM guaranty.  The request was for Exxon Mobil 
Corporation.  Please proceed without further delay from Credit.  I apologise 
for any inconvenience this may have caused.
thanks
brant
Brant Reves
02/12/2001 09:20 AM
Any update on status of this request?
Brant Reves
02/07/2001 02:37 PM
Hey Gerald,
Please prepare an amendment to increase the existing $15MM guaranty provided 
by Bridgeline Holdings to $25MM.  Enron and Texaco board members will have to 
sign the amendment.  Please prepare it and forward for the appropriate Enron 
signatures and then have it forwarded it to me, so that I might forward it 
along to Trevor Mihalik who can in turn forward it along to Texaco for final 
signature.
thanks
brant
Non-smoking.
Suzanne Adams
09/27/99 12:14 PM
Please advise which type of room you would prefer.  Thanks, Suzanne
Attached is the form of amend for the Texaco guaranty wrt Superior Natural 
Gas.
I will get this to you tomorrow morning.
Brant Reves
02/12/2001 04:04 PM
Gerald,
Anyway we can move this up on your action items?
thanks
brant
Gregory Schockling@
02/12/2001 03:57 PM
BRant,
I got a call from my contact at Exxon regarding the PG your working on Vicki Brown needs the paprework as soon as possible, they only have 2 days of 
credit left with us and we're buying some day gas from them.
Let me know the status or if I can help
Thanks
Greg Schockling
Attached is the amended and restated ExxonMobil Guaranty form
I made the call.  I called Lisa to get her to fax me some paperwork to get my 
car out of the wrecker lot.
Edward Nemec  	02/13/2001 08:44 AM
We got our phone bill yesterday and there was a call to Great Britain on it.
It was made on Christmas eve at 12:47PM. I don't think we made it but am
just checking to see if any of you'll did. I think you'll all were still
asleep then. It was for 11 minutes for $11.00. Let me know. I need to yell
at the phone scompany.   See you'll later love MOM. 
Kay,  PLease see the attached 
G,  Is it possible for me to crash at su casa on Sat. night?
"Townsend, George"  	02/09/2001 09:58 AM
Fellas,
My bachelor party is Saturday, Feb. 17th here in Austin. We will meet at my
house at 4803 Marblehead 78727 at 6:30. The boys are renting a van and we
have a driver that will take us around town. I hope you all are thirsty. I
look forward to seeing you there.
512-496-3997 mobile or
512-821-3855 home
GT 
Hey Ernie,
Hope you are not working too hard.  Wanted to check and see if you were 
planning on attending GT's bachelor party.  If so you can catch a ride with 
me.  I am planning on driving in Saturday and coming back sometime Sunday Let me know if you interested.
Brian Hendon@MUNICATIONS
02/13/2001 02:03 PM
 > >  Get this guy a truck...and a brain    
Attached is the bilateral form of CA.
Staci's latest on the CSA.  Please review.
Staci Holtzman@
02/08/2001 02:47 PM
Gerald -- attached is the CSA with our revisions in red-line 
If you have any questions, please feel free to call me.  Thanks.
That is unbelievable.  Make you really stop and think and put things in 
perspective.
I am planning on coming in for the game.  Probably Friday night since the 
game is earlier than last time.  Let me know what you schedule looks like Later.
Gerald,
I just wanted to say Hi and let you know about Clifton. Did you know him at
all? He has had cancer and has only a couple days to live. Can you believe
it?
I can't. Are you coming into town this weekend? Let me know.
GT
E,   I will probably leave about noon or shortly thereafter on Sat. probably 
return about the same on Sun 
"Zavaleta, Ernie"  	02/14/2001 10:33 AM
Hey G,
Sorry not to respond until today, I was in SA yesterday.
I meant to ask you if were going for one or two nights.  Now that I see you
plan to stay only Sat night, I'll see if I can go.  Where are you/we
spending the night?
George called and left me a message that the email address on my card wasn't
working.............looks like it worked for you.
I'll talk to the wife today about going - what time on Sat were you thinking
about going?
Talk you ya,
E
Per Mark Whitts request, attached is the form of ENA's Enfolio Master Firm 
Purchase/Sale form.
Thanks for grossing me out.  Have a good one also!
Lisa Nemec
02/14/2001 02:04 PM
Thought you'd get a laugh outta this one......hope you have a good day!
Lisa
Eric Gillaspie
02/14/2001 03:30 PM
Gerald,
Greg and SCS recommended we put a cap in for our expenditures on operation 
costs that HPL was willing to eat for the HPL Operated Facilities.  I have 
modified section 5 accordingly for your review:
5. Operation.  RNP shall operate and maintain the RNP Facilities in 
accordance with sound and prudent natural gas industry practice and shall be 
fully responsible for the routine operation and maintenance thereof and for 
all cost and expense associated therewith.  HPL shall operate and maintain or 
cause the operation and maintenance of the HPL Facilities in accordance with 
the Standards and with sound and prudent natural gas pipeline industry 
practice and shall be fully responsible for the operation and maintenance 
thereof and for all cost, expense and risk associated therewith.  HPL shall 
operate and maintain or cause the operation and maintenance of the HPL 
Operated Facilities in accordance with the Standards and with sound and 
prudent natural gas pipeline industry practice and shall be fully responsible 
for the routine operation and maintenance thereof and for all cost, expense 
and risk associated therewith, except RNP shall be fully responsible for any 
cost and expense associated with any repairs, maintenance, and capital 
expenditures that are in excess of $3,000.00 for a single item (the 
"Maintenance Items").  HPL shall invoice RNP for the Maintenance Items 
performed by HPL on the HPL Operated Facilities, and RNP shall pay such 
invoice within 15 days of its receipt thereof.  RNP shall be responsible for 
any Meter Fee assessed, as defined in Section 3 above, and for the electric 
power and phone service, required for the Interconnect 
Eric Gillaspie
713-345-7667
Enron Building 3886
Please use the attached credit sheet from Russell to prepare a new Master 
with AEC.
Russell Diamond
02/14/2001 02:33 PM
Gerald,
Please see attached credit worksheet to amend the existing Master between ENA 
and AEC Marketing USA.  Please make not of the amended credit thresholds, 
guarantor, guaranty amount, MAC Changes, and Cross Default Threshold.
Thanks
Russell
for your review.  Gulf is trying to file this by Friday.  Let's talk tomorrow.
"Stone, Jeff A."  	02/14/2001 04:32 PM
Gerald,
I have converted the draft joint petition that was faxed to you earlier this
afternoon from a WordPerfect file to a Word file.  The converted document is
attached.
As we discussed, we are hoping to receive both your feedback and the
additional information you have agreed to provide ASAP.  We are trying to
work on finalizing the document in time to work out the logistics for filing
by the end of this week.
Our goal is to try and have a signed document in our possession early Friday
morning so that it can be carried to Tallahassee for filing at the FPSC
later that morning.  One of our executives is traveling to Tallahassee that
day for a meeting and has agreed to serve as a courier if the document can
be completed in time.  As we also discussed, if you have Tallahassee counsel
available to sign the final, we can make arrangements to carry the document
to them for signing on Friday and still make the filing on Friday as
desired.
Tim has sent you the original letter agreements and contract for electric
service via FedEx for signing.  Upon execution of the originals, please
return two executed copies to us via FedEx.  This should allow us to have
the executed documents in our possession by Friday, February 16.  Of course,
the documents should be dated 2/13 and signed by the same individual who
signed the fax copies that were returned to us earlier today.
If you have any questions, please do not hesitate to contact me at
850/469-3313 or Tim Anthony at 850/444-6678.  One of my partners is also
working on the joint petition.  His name is Russell Badders.  In case you
need to speak to someone when you cannot reach me, Russell can be reached at
850/469-3316.
We appreciate your efforts as we continue to work together to make this
project happen.
Thanks!
--Jeff:)
- Draft dec statement ECS.doc
Susan,  Attached is the draft petition.  Please review and lets discuss.
"Stone, Jeff A."  	02/14/2001 04:32 PM
Gerald,
I have converted the draft joint petition that was faxed to you earlier this
afternoon from a WordPerfect file to a Word file.  The converted document is
attached.
As we discussed, we are hoping to receive both your feedback and the
additional information you have agreed to provide ASAP.  We are trying to
work on finalizing the document in time to work out the logistics for filing
by the end of this week.
Our goal is to try and have a signed document in our possession early Friday
morning so that it can be carried to Tallahassee for filing at the FPSC
later that morning.  One of our executives is traveling to Tallahassee that
day for a meeting and has agreed to serve as a courier if the document can
be completed in time.  As we also discussed, if you have Tallahassee counsel
available to sign the final, we can make arrangements to carry the document
to them for signing on Friday and still make the filing on Friday as
desired.
Tim has sent you the original letter agreements and contract for electric
service via FedEx for signing.  Upon execution of the originals, please
return two executed copies to us via FedEx.  This should allow us to have
the executed documents in our possession by Friday, February 16.  Of course,
the documents should be dated 2/13 and signed by the same individual who
signed the fax copies that were returned to us earlier today.
If you have any questions, please do not hesitate to contact me at
850/469-3313 or Tim Anthony at 850/444-6678.  One of my partners is also
working on the joint petition.  His name is Russell Badders.  In case you
need to speak to someone when you cannot reach me, Russell can be reached at
850/469-3316.
We appreciate your efforts as we continue to work together to make this
project happen.
Thanks!
--Jeff:)
- Draft dec statement ECS.doc
Mark,  Attached are drafts of the confirms.  Please review and if acceptable, 
please forward.  Sorry for the delay.
Pat,  As you probably guessed, I won't be able to make it on the trip Sounds like fun, but work schedule and funds availability wouldn't allow for 
it. Sorry to be so delinquent in getting back to you.  I appreciate the 
invite and lets keep in touch.   Are you keeping Mark in line these days?
Patricia_Cuero@Dell.com
02/02/2001 02:30 PM
My dear compadres,
We are a month away from our trip to the beautiful Lake Tahoe.  Here is the
link to the house we have reserved.
As a repeat offender, we get a price break and it is going to be $198.00
for the house from March 8th to the 13th for ten people.
So, I currently have
Michael W.
Mark M.
Virginia H. and Friend.
Patricia
David?
Gerald?
Let me know 
Have a great weekend
Thanks,
Patricia Cuero
Bus Ops, Program Manager
(512) 723-6977
(800)  289-3355 ext. 36977
(512) 728-3653 fax
"The only limits on what you can accomplish are the limits you place on your
own imagination."
Russell,  Attached is the new master.  I have asked Debra to prepare the 
letter agreement to move all existing transactions to this new master.
Debra Perlingiere
02/15/2001 11:11 AM
Debra Perlingiere
Elsa Villarreal
09/28/99 02:43 PM
(See attached file: etgs_nomform97.xls)
- etgs_nomform97.xls
Attached is the form of master agreement which I sent to you earlier today Please forward to AEC to facilitate their review.  I have highlighted the 
sections that are different from the existing master in place with AEC.  I 
did not have the original 97 agreement on word document so I simply 
highlighted those sections.
Attached is a revised petition which includes the section of ECS' discussions 
with WFEC.  Please review.  I sending out this draft for the sake of saving 
time without review by my clients and am asking them to review as well.  I 
assume the next step is for Jeff to revise the conclusion with the bullets 
points and circulate a final draft for everyone's review.  Let me know if 
this is not the case.  Thanks for your help.
Did get delivered to you the first time.
Gerald Nemec
02/16/2001 04:31 PM
Attached is a revised petition which includes the section of ECS' discussions 
with WFEC.  Please review.  I sending out this draft for the sake of saving 
time without review by my clients and am asking them to review as well.  I 
assume the next step is for Jeff to revise the conclusion with the bullets 
points and circulate a final draft for everyone's review.  Let me know if 
this is not the case.  Thanks for your help.
Attached is the document with both Susan's and my comments.  Please 
incorporate into your final draft.
Hey EZ,  Paul's number is 760-510-8090.  I haven't called him yet but need 
to. Yea it was good to hang out with you again this weekend.  I did look up 
that Acura on the internet .  Looks interesting.  We'll have to give her a 
test drive.
Later,
G
LT Bieraugel  	02/06/2001 12:17 PM
Gerald, here is a picture from a cruise we took in January   www.geocities.com/pbieraugel
Later.  Paul.
- 9formalnight.jpg
Ned Higgins
02/20/2001 10:20 AM
Per our conversation. 
The company name:    MarkWest Hydrocarbon, Inc. ,  155 Inverness Drive West, 
Suite 200 , Englewood , CO 80112-5000 
Attn: Phil Archer  
Description:  MarkWest is installing 20 to 30 K of HP and we would like to 
put a proposal together for same. I do not know the location as they did not 
want to divulge this w/o a CA in place.
I will of course forward whatever  form of CA you furnish to me as a DRAFT.
I have received and will begin my review.  When can I expect the coal hauling 
contract.
Bill White  	02/15/2001 03:50 PM
Mr. Nemec:
Attached is the draft proposed Ash Removal Agreement for Elizabethown.  The
insurance language has not yet been reviewed by my client's insurance
specialist, so that section may be subject to revision.
I am preparing the Coal Hauling contract now, and will forward it soon.
Bill White
William A. White
Moore & Van Allen, PLLC
100 N. Tryon Street, Floor 47
Charlotte, NC 28202-40003
(704) 331-1098
(704) 378-2098 Fax
billwhite@mvalaw.com
Unless otherwise indicated or obvious from the nature of the following 
communication, the information contained herein is attorney-client privileged 
and confidential information/work product.  The communication is intended for 
the use of the individual or entity named above.  If the reader of this 
transmission is not the intended recipient, you are hereby notified that any 
dissemination, distribution or copying of this communication is strictly 
prohibited.  If you have received this communication in error or are not sure 
whether it is privileged, please immediately notify us by return e-mail and 
destroy any copies, electronic, paper or otherwise, which you may have of 
this communication.
- D09N03!.DOC
Ernie,  That sounds cool.  Do you need credit card to book?  I checked out 
the Acura sites.  Vehicle looks pretty sweet.
Ernie.J.Zavaleta@fritolay.com
02/20/2001 03:00 PM
Gerald,
I booked the reservation below through my Frito-Lay travel agency.  I think I
can probably book you another room at the same rate if you'd like.  This is 
for
the Marriott Capital for $129 a night.  The Sheraton rooms would have been 
$125
but they were sold out.  The Marriott is actually closer to the reception (2
blocks) than the Sheraton, so we'll be able to walk over.
Let me know and I'll try to get another room.
Ern
Mary Ramsey  02/20/2001 02:55 PM
SALES PERSON: 84                  ITINERARY                    DATE: 20 FEB
01
CUSTOMER NBR: 1P0396                           XFIONO          PAGE: 01
TO: FRITO LAY / PEPSI
ERNIE ZAVALETA
100 GLENBOROUGH DT
SUITE 1200
HOUSTON TX 77067
FOR: ZAVALETA/ERNIE          REF: FRIT-0046000
HOTEL
03MAR   AUSTIN            MARRIOTT HOTELS
SAT                      MARRIOTT AUSTIN CAPITAL
701 EAST 11TH STREET
AUSTIN TX 78701
FONE 512-478-1111
FAX  512-478-3700
1 NIGHT       1 ROOM       OUT-04MAR
LEISURE RATE
RATE-129.00USD PER NIGHT
CANCEL BY 06P DAY OF ARRIVAL
GUARANTEED LATE ARRIVAL
CONFIRMATION 82747164
RQST KING BED NON SMOKING
OTHER
03JUN   AUSTIN
SUN                      THA NK YOU FOR CALLING TRAMEX TRAVEL-MARY
.
Mary Ramsey, CTA
Tramex Travel Leisure Department
972-334-5421 800-776-8009
maryramsey@tramex.com
That address should be correct.  Try this one:  bieraugel@efortress.com
It should also work.
Ernie.J.Zavaleta@fritolay.com
02/20/2001 03:53 PM
Hey, this earlier email to Paul bounced back.  Do I appear to have the right
email address:  bieraugel@john-paul-jones.navy.mil ?
Thanks
Mail Delivery Subsystem  02/20/2001 03:45 PM
**      THIS IS A WARNING MESSAGE ONLY     **  YOU DO NOT NEED TO RESEND YOUR MESSAGE  
john-paul-jones.navy.mil.
Warning: message still undelivered after 4 hours
Will keep trying until message is 2 weeks old(See attached file: ATT90030.TXT)
(See attached file: {{MSG002.RTF)(See attached file: Mvc-001s.jpg)(See 
attached
file: Mvc-004s.jpg)(See attached file: Mvc-005s.jpg)(See attached file:
Mvc-007s.jpg)(See attached file: Mvc-009s.jpg)(See attached file: 
Mvc-014s.jpg)
- ATT90030.TXT
- {{MSG002.RTF
- Mvc-001s.jpg
- Mvc-004s.jpg
- Mvc-005s.jpg
- Mvc-007s.jpg
- Mvc-009s.jpg
- Mvc-014s.jpg
Pat,  Please print hard copies of these for me.  Thanks.
Debra Perlingiere
02/20/2001 05:14 PM
Debra Perlingiere
Terri Bachand
09/02/99 02:43 PM
Please hold this very important date on your calendar!  On the evening of 
September 28, Tuesday,  beginning at 6pm we will celebrate the successful 
closing of Project Kachina with cocktails and dinner.   Invitations with 
details to follow.
Attached are the Enfolio and GISB Spot Contracts.  Let's discuss.
Did you make it to work ok this morning?  I am extremely because somebody 
kept me up late last night. Not that I am complaining.  Probably not going to 
do some of my finest work today.
Seriously, I had a great time last night 
Gerald 
FYI
"Ken"  	02/22/2001 11:05 AM
Please respond to kckrisa
We finally had a conversation with Bill Garner at Petrie Parkman late
Wednesday afternoon, 2/21/01.  Tom Brown representatives are not discussing
the status of the WEP acquisition with any entities.
Bill informed us that they are in negotiations with a single entity for the
entire Wildhorse Package as included in the data room plus some additional
Colorado assets that were not included in the package.  Bill also informed
us (and the reason he returned our call) is that he indicated he believes
the entity would be "friendly" to Crescendo  and has expressed interest (to
them) in "working with us" on our project and plans.  We reminded him that
there are still issues with our existing contract that need to be
expediently resolved, and we aren't going to wait 6 months to resolve these
issues.  He assured us that Tom Brown is very aware of contractual issues.
He indicated that the entity wanted to contact Crescendo now (before
execution of the PSA), but TBI insists on working through PSA issues before
contact with Crescendo.  A PSA review meeting is scheduled for next week.
Bill said he would make introductions for us as soon as the PSA is executed.
Bill also informed us that it was TBI management that made the decision to
sell all the assets instead of breaking up, even if breaking up brought a
higher sale price.
Ken Krisa
Staci,  Attached is the final draft of the petition we are jointly filing 
with Gulf Power Company.  The plan is to file it tomorrow in Tallahassee.  I 
will get with you shortly on finalizing the CSA amendments.
Mark,  Attached is the confirm for the Nymex.  I revised it to reference the 
new master to be signed this month.
Mark,  Attached is the confirm with my revisions.
Mark,  Attached is the revised confirm.  I added a provision which requires 
AEC to execute a new master as soon as reasonably possibly and upon such 
execution this TA and all TA's between AEC and ENA in place will be governed 
by the new Master.  Let me know if that meets your understanding.
That's disgusting.
Brian Hendon@MUNICATIONS
02/22/2001 03:16 PM
ahhh- relief
Per Chris' phone call attached are the suggested changes to the side letter.
Please disregard the version sent earlier.  I inadvertently failed to remove 
the language in the ( ).  Please use this version.
Sunni,  Attached is our form of construction agreement.  Exhibit C still 
needs to be completed by us as we will be providing materials.  Exhibit D 
needs to be completed by Mountain West.  I will Fedex the execution originals 
tommorrow.  Let me know if you have any questions.  (713) 853-3512
Steve Van Hooser
02/22/2001 06:05 PM
I usually don't forward e:mail messages en masse.  I made an exception in 
this case because I found the issue compelling. I also found completing and 
submitting my responses to the attached survey to be quick and straight 
forward.
I hope you will take a few moments to consider the attached tax survey and 
respond according to your convictions.
Thanks,
Steve Van Hooser
"Wayne Wilcox"  	02/22/2001 06:29 PM
Please respond to wwilcox
** 2nd Alert from MillionsofAmericans.com**
President George W. Bush needs your help to build more
support for his tax cut proposal.
In the last week or so two Republican Senators (Lincoln
Chafee of Rhode Island and James Jeffords of Vermont) have
withdrawn support for the Bush plan.
Two more GOP moderates (Arlen Specter of Pennsylvania and
Olympia Snowe of Maine) are threatening to oppose the bill
if major details of the tax cut are not changed.
Remember, the U.S. Senate is split 50-50.  That means every
Republican vote we lose and every Democrat vote we gain is
absolutely critical.
Grover Norquist of Americans for Tax Reform (ATR) has been
called upon to help make sure the President's plan gets
through Congress.
One way they're going to help President Bush is by
convincing Senators who are on the fence that a majority of
American taxpayers -- like you and me -- want them to stand
firm on the key points.
To accomplish this goal, ATR put together a quick taxpayer
survey on their web site.  The results of this survey will
be presented to every U.S. Senator and House Speaker Dennis
Hastert.
Here is a link 
Here is a list of their questions:
#1 Do you support tax cuts for all Americans?
The Democrats in Congress want targeted tax cuts for people
who meet certain income and behavioral categories.
President George W. Bush has proposed cutting everybody's
taxes.
#2 Should we kill the Estate Tax (also called Death Tax)?
You pay taxes all of your life. Should your loved ones be
forced to sell off your family business, family farm or
heirlooms to pay up to 55% in taxes when you pass away?
#3 Should we abolish the marriage penalty?
Right now, our government is punishing couples for
getting married by bumping them into higher combined tax
brackets.
#4 Do you favor making the tax cuts retroactive to Jan 1st
2001?
President Bush's proposed tax plan provides relief to our
families and stimulates our economy right now by making tax
cuts retroactive to the beginning of this year.  That way
you'd see your tax cut in this year's paychecks.
Each of these questions are up for debate over the next few
weeks and months while Congress decides the exact size and
scope of the tax cut.
I strongly encourage all taxpayers to stand up and be
counted by visiting the ATR web site and answering these
questions.
In addition to providing the survey results, Grover wants to
be able to show our leaders in Congress that hundreds of
thousands of Americans participated in this survey so please take a minute to respond and SPREAD THE WORD 
Here is the link again 
Check it out.
For Integrity,
Bruce Eberle
MillionsofAmericans.com
PS: Full details of President Bush's tax cut plan are available at the ATR
site.
t
AOL Users:
<A
HREF pdq.net">Unsubscribe or Change E-mail 
Per our discussion.
"Ken"  	02/22/2001 03:48 PM
Please respond to kckrisa
Gerald,
I am sending you the PSA and Escrow agreement for the acquisition of the
Harley Dome Oil and Gas Leases.  This lease contains mostly helium reserves,
with little oil or gas value.  We plan to execute this PSA with the Oil and
Gas Owner next week, and put the downpayment in escrow at our bank here in
Midland.  We expect a due diligence period of 1-2 months, due to waiting on
the outcome of the lawsuit involving the helium rights owner or agreement on
a deal with the helium rights owner.  There are no producing wells on the
acreage (all P&A'd or TA'd).  We would do some due diligence upon execution.
Scott asked me to have you look at the agreement.  We have worked with Bill
Ward at Pruitt, Gushee, & Bachtel (PG&B) on this agreement (it is pretty
much our standard PSA), and he looks at all our agreements. I believe PG&B
has been approved by ENA.
The strategy here is that if we obtain the oil and gas rights, then we
believe we lock up the oil and gas leases covering the existing helium
rights owned by another entity. We are using this as leverage to get a
better deal from the helium rights owner.
As listed in Article 7.7, the acquisition wouldn't close until final
approval by members of Crescendo.  We are prepared to risk (and its not
really even at risk based on the termination provisions in Article 10)  the
$12,000 downpayment to work a deal with the helium rights owner.
Let's discuss ASAP.
Thanks, Ken
- RMOC Purchase  Sale Agrmnt PG&B.doc
- RMOC Purchase.ExB PG&B.doc
Per Mark Whitt's request I am forward our Enfolio Master Spot Contract and 
the Confirm with the deal details.
Per Mark Whitt's request I am forward our Enfolio Master Spot Contract and 
the Confirm with the deal details.
Pat,  Please print these documents out and fax to Art McMullen at (403) 234 7540.  Please put a note on the fax that I had tried to email to him the 
docs. at amcmullen@canscot.com but it bounced it back to me as undeliverable.
Gerald Nemec
02/23/2001 10:34 AM
Per Mark Whitt's request I am forward our Enfolio Master Spot Contract and 
the Confirm with the deal details.
Still not sure you actually work at Cox Comm.  since you haven't emailed from 
that address and my email didn't go through!  I had better do some more 
background checks.
bswaldrop@aol.com
02/23/2001 07:24 AM
Hey there!
Here's my personal e-mail address...work is barbara.waldrop@cox.com.
Thanks for the so called e-mail yesterday! Ha!  Actually, I will check again
when I get to work this morning.
Anyway, hope you got all your songs downloaded last night and got a good
nights sleep.  No more cramps for me last night.  I was very excited.
Have a great day at work and I will talk with you a little later!  Also, I
will find out what the definite plans are for Saturday night.  Like I said
last night, the whole little birthday party may never come around.  We may
have to be creative on our own!
Mark,  Attached is a draft of the CMS Letter Agreement.  Please review and 
lets discuss.  I am not sure I have the correct CMS entity.
Attached is the form.
"Crawford, Ann"  	02/23/2001 03:16 PM
Gerald,
Attached is the blackline confirmation showing the changes we would like
made.  Please advise if this wording is acceptable.  Thank you.
Ann Crawford
Gas Marketing
Sr. Contract Administrator
Phone: 403-266-8425
Fax: 403-290-8479
- ENRON OPAL 5YR B.doc
David Foti@
09/28/99 05:54 PM
Do you have these electronically?  Would you mind emailing  a copy to David 
Roensch?    Thanks.
Stephanie,  I reviewed the Confid. Agreement.  The attached riders need to be 
added to the agreement and the term should not exceed 2 years.
Let me know if you want to discuss or have questions.
"Crawford, Ann"  	02/23/2001 03:16 PM
Gerald,
Attached is the blackline confirmation showing the changes we would like
made.  Please advise if this wording is acceptable.  Thank you.
Ann Crawford
Gas Marketing
Sr. Contract Administrator
Phone: 403-266-8425
Fax: 403-290-8479
- ENRON OPAL 5YR B.doc
Testing.  Testing.  This is a test of the Waldrop email systems.  This is 
only a test.  If this were a real email, there would be a much more 
meaningful and heartfelt message contained herein.
"Waldrop, Barbara (CBI-Houston)"  	02/23/2001 11:27 AM
See, I do work for Cox! 
Barbara Waldrop 
Business Manager 
Cox Radio-Houston 
1990 Post Oak Blvd, Ste 2300 
Houston, TX? 77056 
barbara.waldrop@cox.com 
713-963-1230 
713-622-6708 (fax) 
Mark,  I talked with Jeff Stone this morning concerning the petition.  The 
petition did not get filed on Friday as planned.  Jeff had left for 
Tallahassee prior to the FEDEX arriving on Friday morning.  They also wanted 
to have Katz-Kutter (our counsel in Fla.) sign the transmittal letter for the 
petition prior to sending.  This way the petition is sent by the customer and 
not the utility.  Bill Bryant at Katz-Kutter was unavailable Fri.  Jeff 
assured me that they will get this filed today.  I asked him to call me once 
filed.
We need to start thinking about the best way to approach WFEC after this 
petition is filed.  It sounds like Alabama Electric Cooperative is the way to 
approach this.  Do we know someone in our power trading group who works with 
AEC?   Might be useful to approach it through that relationship.
Ernie,  How is it going?  Did you have a good weekend?  I actually had to 
work for part of it, so my weekend wasn't all that great.
Were you able to book a room for me?  Wanted to be sure that was taken care 
of.
Ernie.J.Zavaleta@fritolay.com
02/20/2001 03:50 PM
Mary,
Can I book one more room at this rate on this reservation (same card number),
for a total of two rooms?  The second will be a non-smaking king size as well.
Thank you,
Ernie
281-775-1653
Mary Ramsey  02/20/2001 02:55 PM
SALES PERSON: 84                  ITINERARY                    DATE: 20 FEB
01
CUSTOMER NBR: 1P0396                           XFIONO          PAGE: 01
TO: FRITO LAY / PEPSI
ERNIE ZAVALETA
100 GLENBOROUGH DT
SUITE 1200
HOUSTON TX 77067
FOR: ZAVALETA/ERNIE          REF: FRIT-0046000
HOTEL
03MAR   AUSTIN            MARRIOTT HOTELS
SAT                      MARRIOTT AUSTIN CAPITAL
701 EAST 11TH STREET
AUSTIN TX 78701
FONE 512-478-1111
FAX  512-478-3700
1 NIGHT       1 ROOM       OUT-04MAR
LEISURE RATE
RATE-129.00USD PER NIGHT
CANCEL BY 06P DAY OF ARRIVAL
GUARANTEED LATE ARRIVAL
CONFIRMATION 82747164
RQST KING BED NON SMOKING
OTHER
03JUN   AUSTIN
SUN                      THA NK YOU FOR CALLING TRAMEX TRAVEL-MARY
.
Mary Ramsey, CTA
Tramex Travel Leisure Department
972-334-5421 800-776-8009
maryramsey@tramex.com
Ernie,  Thanks for taking care of that.   I will probably be getting into 
Austin earlier than you.  I'll have my cell phone with me.  (281) 772-9250 If you get into town earlier, give me a call.  Otherwise why don't you just 
call me at the room when you get to the hotel.   Sounds great, we'll ride 
over together.  I might bring this girl I have kinda been seeing with me.  My 
latest victim.  We'll see.    I believe that's correct.  The wedding is at 7.
Thanks for the Dilliards tip.  I was going to ask about that.
G
Ernie.J.Zavaleta@fritolay.com
02/26/2001 12:09 PM
Gerald,
Good news - we were able to get the second room at the same $129 rate.  Below
you'll see two separate confirmation numbers - I don't think it matters which
one you or I use.  When you check in, just claim one of them.  They're both on
my card so you can transfer to yours at check-in.
I'm not sure what time we'll get there since we'll be coming from SA.  I
estimate we'll get there at about 5:00 (the wedding is at 7:00 right?)  We'll
actually be traveling to SA on Friday since some of Jill's family from the
Valley will be there as well.
If we're not in contact before then, let's just plan on meeting at the hotel
sometime between 6:00 and 6:30.  We can drive over to the wedding together 
from
there.
In case you didn't know, they're registered at Dillard's - we got him a gift
yesterday, still plenty of items on the list.
E
Suzanne Mercer  02/26/2001 11:58 AM
TO: FRITO LAY / PEPSI
ERNIE ZAVALETA
100 GLENBOROUGH DT
SUITE 1200
HOUSTON TX 77067
FOR: ZAVALETA/ERNIE          REF: FRIT-0046000
HOTEL
03MAR   AUSTIN            MARRIOTT HOTELS
SAT                      MARRIOTT AUSTIN CAPITAL
701 EAST 11TH STREET
AUSTIN TX 78701
FONE 512-478-1111
FAX  512-478-3700
1 NIGHT       1 ROOM       OUT-04MAR
LEISURE RATE
RATE-129.00USD PER NIGHT
CANCEL BY 06P DAY OF ARRIVAL
GUARANTEED LATE ARRIVAL
CONFIRMATION 82747164
RQST KING BED NON SMOKING
HOTEL
AUSTIN            MARRIOTT HOTELS
MARRIOTT AUSTIN CAPITAL
701 EAST 11TH STREET
AUSTIN TX 78701
FONE 512-478-1111
FAX  512-478-3700
1 NIGHT       1 ROOM       OUT-04MAR
LEISURE RATE
RATE-129.00USD PER NIGHT
CANCEL BY 06P DAY OF ARRIVAL
GUARANTEED LATE ARRIVAL
CONFIRMATION 82413250
RQT NONSMOKING
.
Andrew,  Attached is a rough draft of the CSA.  I am still reviewing the 
version, but it is substantially correct.  In the interest of time I am 
forwarding this for your review.  Please note Section 3.4.  I am a little 
concerned about this section from a retail wheeling standpoint.  I am trying 
to find local counsel in Pa to review this section.  Please review and lets 
discuss.
Mark,  Please review my attached change to the confirm.  This makes it clear 
that if we don't like their changes to the Master we will not accept them and 
the existing Master still governs.  If acceptable I will forward back to AEC.
Russell,  AEC is reviewing the Master and indicated they would have comments 
within a week or so.  The plan is now to execute this confirm and follow up 
with the new master.  The credit language that was in the earlier version has 
been removed.
I know.  It seems as though Mr. Rudy is in love, so damned the consequences!!
How are you doing?  Work treating you okay?  How is the law school 
application going?
Janel Guerrero@
02/27/2001 10:07 AM
Our friend is living in sin. 
Paul.Pfeffer@bakerbotts.com
02/27/2001 10:58 AM
- Hilllary and Bill Leave the White House.jpg
GT,  Do you know if Clifton is in Houston or near home?  MD Anderson is here 
so I thought he might be in Houston.
My Dearest Barbara 
I long for the time when I can gaze into your lovely golden brown eyes and 
lose myself in your innate beauty.  The sheer black leather rockies revealing 
your strong athletic form tonight will be a wonderful memory upon which I can 
call upon to see me through any of life's most challenging obstacles Sigh 
I plan on leaving for the magical journey tonight as soon as humanly 
possible.  For who can think of work when one so lovely as Barbara awaits.  I 
can take journey upon my green Camry steed to pluck the lovely young Ms. 
Waldrop from those two known as Steve and Gina, and we will abound on towards 
fate.  Perchance it might be best for Barbara to come seek me out, as I am 
adrift without direction to the place where Steve and Gina reside.
Yours truly,
Gerald
bswaldrop@aol.com
02/27/2001 02:03 PM
Where is my "heartfelt and meaningful" e-mail?  I have been waiting all day!
So, what time are you planning on leaving work?  I am leaving here at 5:30
and heading over to Steve and Gina's to change and walk their dog.  I have
already taken Sophie over there.  That way I don't have to go home and then
come back all the way over here.  Do you want to come over to Steve and
Gina's or do you want me to come by and pick you up?
Hope you are having a good day.  Talk with you soon!
I am doing well.  Staying busy with work as usual.  Wow, your new job sounds 
like fun.  I wouldn't mind going to NYC once in a while.  I am around next 
week.  Maybe we could grab lunch or a happy later next week.  Let's talk 
early next week.
Janel Guerrero@
02/27/2001 11:47 AM
I've decided that Bruce is ready to be in love and ready to get married and 
if you're cute and smart then look out!  Seriously, I hope it all works out I for one, would not be so quick to move in but what the hell do I know 
Work is crazy.  I left EGM and am back at Corp working on the CA energy 
crisis.  It's fun, but I'm traveling every week again.  Off to NYC tomorrow 
Law school applications are in and now I just wait to hear back.  I'm so glad 
to have that off my plate!!  It's incredibly time consuming 
How are you?  We need to go out and catch up.  This week/weekend is sort of 
crazy but maybe next week.  Are you around? 
Gerald Nemec@ECT
02/27/2001 11:06 AM
I know.  It seems as though Mr. Rudy is in love, so damned the consequences!!
How are you doing?  Work treating you okay?  How is the law school 
application going?
Janel Guerrero@
02/27/2001 10:07 AM
Our friend is living in sin. 
Ann,  Attached is the confirm with revisions.  I tweaked the language to make 
it clear that the transaction is governed by the existing master until we get 
the new one executed.  Please review and if OK, I can prepare executables for 
signature.  Please keep me updated on the status of the review of the new 
master.  Thanks.
Please review Section 7.3 and 7.4 closely.
I will be sending the revised LOI shortly.
7:00 pm is fine and I knew you still had a thing for David.
bswaldrop@aol.com
02/27/2001 03:20 PM
Very good.  I am very proud of your e-mail.  I was laughing but was very
impressed by it.  I think I should get those often.
How about I come by and pick you up this evening.  How does 7:00 sound?  Will
that be enough time for you to leave work and get home and change into your
leather Rockies?  By the way, I am not wearing those tonight.  I have decided
to break you into the cowboy scene slowly.  Instead, I will be wearing my
wranglers.  We will save the Rockies for when David is around!  I actually
believe that I will be wearing those Thursday night.  That way, you won't be
slapping me on the behind in the suite and trying to embarrass me.
Let me know about the time and I will see you this evening.
Andrew,  Attached is the form of LOI for your review.
Mike,  I never did receive a executed copy of the Master and Transaction 
Agreement between EES and Enron Compression Services Company.  Do you have a 
copy and could you send it to me?
Russell Diamond/ENRON@Xgate
02/28/2001 09:36 AM
Ellen, Bob,
Please confirm the AEC Marketing (USA) transaction (TAGG# 5176.1) as OK for 
Credit Approval.  Gerald Nemec in ENA Legal is preparing a special confirm 
for this transaction.  Please coordinate with him.
Russell
The below is a list of Friday, Feb 23 deals in which the Confirm was not sent 
to C/P by Feb 26(T/D + 1).
Jeff,  At this point we are considering approaching WFEC and AEC to discuss 
this with them.  Do you see any potential pitfalls from your side with doing 
so?
"Stone, Jeff A."  	02/28/2001 07:31 AM
Here is the "official" information from the FPSC website about our joint
filing:
Docket No. 010265-EI      Docketed: 2/26/01
Joint petition for declaratory statement concerning eligibility of
public utility to serve customer pursuant to Section 366.03, Florida
Statutes, by Gulf Power Company and Enron Compression Services Company.
As of the close of business on 2/27, there was no further information
available
Heather,  I did receive the Ash Handling Agreement from Bill White and I am 
reviewing and should have comments shortly.  I  have not received the Coal 
Handling Agreement yet from Kris' attorney. 
Heather Kroll
02/27/2001 03:26 PM
Gerald,
Please give me an update on the redrafting of the ReUse agreements.  I 
thought you told me that their attorneys were drafting, but from this e-mail 
I don't think Kris Johnson is aware of that.  Please follow up with their 
attorneys and let me know when to expect a new draft.
,
Heather Kroll
Heather:
Please give me a quick update on the status of the Lumberton and
Elizabethtown coal and ash contracts from Enron's perspective.  Are we still
shooting for a March 15th closing date.  As of now I will out of town on the
15th, but reachable.
Thanks, hope all is going well.
Kris Johnson
1-800-827-3873, ext. 105
GT,  Are you going to be at happy hour tonight or at the house 
THIS TERM SHEET PROPOSAL IS FOR DISCUSSION PURPOSES ONLY TO FACILITATE THE 
NEGOTIATION PREPARATION AND EXECUTION OF A DEFINITIVE AGREEMENT.  THIS TERM 
SHEET PROPOSAL IS NOT AN OFFER OR COMMITMENT BY BUYER OR ANY AFFILIATE OF 
ENRON NORTH AMERICA CORP.   ALL PRICES AND TERMS ARE SUBJECT TO CHANGE UNTIL 
SUCH TIME WHEN A DEFINITIVE AGREEMENT MAY BE SIGNED.  THIS TERM SHEET 
PROPOSAL IS NOT INTENDED TO CREATE A BINDING OR ENFORCABLE AGREEMENT OR 
CONTRACT OR TO BE COMPLETE AND INCLUSIVE OF ALL THE TERMS OF THE SUBJECT 
TRANSACTION.  FURTHERMORE, THIS TERM SHEET PROPOSAL IS NOT A COMMITMENT OR 
AGREEMENT TO ENTER INTO A BINDING AGREEMENT OR CONTRACT IN THE FUTURE.
Paul.Pfeffer@bakerbotts.com
02/27/2001 10:58 AM
- Hilllary and Bill Leave the White House.jpg
Mark,  Attached is a draft of the Owner's Engineer Agreement for the Gulf 
Power transmission facilities.  Please review.  Note that I need some input 
on the following:
1.  Description of Services - Exhibit "A"
2.  Rate Schedule - Exhibit "B"
Ruppie,  I don't have her email.  I have her office number, but it is at the 
house.
ryan.ruppert@exxonmobil.com
02/28/2001 01:25 PM
G,
Can I get Cynthia's email address, please?
Thanks,
Ryan
Ryan F. Ruppert
Senior Geologist
West Texas Geoscience
ExxonMobil Production Co.
396 West Greens Road #603
P.O. Box 4697
Houston, Texas 77067
713.431.1839 Telephone
713.431.1510 Facsimile
Hey Dena 
Thanks for accompanying me to lunch today.  I really enjoyed our 
conversation.  You are very charming.  The rest of this week is pretty crazy 
and I am going to Austin for my friends wedding this weekend, but would you 
be interested in getting some dinner sometime next week?  Maybe Wed. or 
Thursday evening 
Gerald
That's fine.  Actually I really need to catch up on my sleep and my Napster 
downloading.  Have fun with your friends and I'll chill out at my crib Yes,  my face has taken a beating in recent months.  Tell Casey I will live.
bswaldrop@aol.com
02/28/2001 04:15 PM
Hey there!
I just got a call from some friends that I have not seen in a while and they
wanted to meet for dinner.  However, it won't be until 8:00 or after.
So...would you be upset if I changed my plans for tonight (actually, the
plans are not 100%, however, I did not want to call you at the last minute).
Hopefully you will see this as an opportunity for you to get some sleep.  If
all works out, I should be home by about 10 and if you are interested in
coming over then...you are more than welcome to!  Or..we can let the
excitement of seeing each other build up and let you have sweet dreams about
the leather Rockies.  Just kidding.  Anyway, let me know your thoughts.
Also, Casey came by my office today and expressed her apologies about burning
your face and wanted me to tell you how sorry she was.  I told her that the
skin should grow back in a few weeks.
Andrew,  Attached is the CSA.  I added some language in the HP-hour Charge 
section concerning the minimums.  I wasn't able to download the spreadsheet 
into the doc.  I think it needs to be formatted into word and my assistant is 
not here today.  We can just print out the excel file and attach for now Let me know if you have any questions.
Did you ever receive these documents?  If so, I need the originals.
"Brian Stone"  	02/05/2001 10:56 AM
Chris,
Huber has executed the following documents today:
1. Trailblazer Assignment and Assumption Agreement signed add'l
original
2.  Amended and Restated Transaction Agreement #2
3.  Enfolio Master Firm Purchase / Sale Agreement replacing a
previously executed "fax" version.
I will overnight the documents to you.  Please have them executed and
return one of each for my files.
Thanks for your help, and best of luck in your new venture at Enron.
Brian Stone.
Ann,  I am going to FEDEX the Transaction Agreement to you for sig.  What is 
your address?
Oops.  I just found the address on the TA.  I will just FEDEX there 
Gerald Nemec
02/28/2001 05:38 PM
Ann,  I am going to FEDEX the Transaction Agreement to you for sig.  What is 
your address?
I will probably get to the casa about 9:00 pm.  Check out the attached.  Not 
sure if you heard, but K-State's President published a letter in which he 
called UT a bunch of wealthy arrogant Texans.  The attached is in response See ya tonite.
- mastercard_UT.jpg
Mark,  Do you have these documents 
Stephanie Miller@
03/01/2001 08:16 AM
Actually, I sent everything to Mark Whitt in Denver for execution.
Steph
Chris Meyer@ECT
03/01/2001 07:53 AM
Stephanie Miller has them.
chris
Did you ever receive these documents?  If so, I need the originals.
"Brian Stone"  	02/05/2001 10:56 AM
Chris,
Huber has executed the following documents today:
1. Trailblazer Assignment and Assumption Agreement signed add'l
original
2.  Amended and Restated Transaction Agreement #2
3.  Enfolio Master Firm Purchase / Sale Agreement replacing a
previously executed "fax" version.
I will overnight the documents to you.  Please have them executed and
return one of each for my files.
Thanks for your help, and best of luck in your new venture at Enron.
Brian Stone.
David,  Could you please review the following agreement.  Specifically 
Paragraph 11 which covers insurance.  ReUse will be providing ash handling 
services under this agreement.  This same agreement will be used for both  
Lumbertown Power, LLC and Elizabethtown Power, LLC.  These are the power 
plants in the Alamac transaction.  We are looking at replacing the existing 
Ash and Coal handling agreements with new ones.  Let me know if you have any 
questions.
Bill White  	02/15/2001 03:50 PM
Mr. Nemec:
Attached is the draft proposed Ash Removal Agreement for Elizabethown.  The
insurance language has not yet been reviewed by my client's insurance
specialist, so that section may be subject to revision.
I am preparing the Coal Hauling contract now, and will forward it soon.
Bill White
William A. White
Moore & Van Allen, PLLC
100 N. Tryon Street, Floor 47
Charlotte, NC 28202-40003
(704) 331-1098
(704) 378-2098 Fax
billwhite@mvalaw.com
Unless otherwise indicated or obvious from the nature of the following 
communication, the information contained herein is attorney-client privileged 
and confidential information/work product.  The communication is intended for 
the use of the individual or entity named above.  If the reader of this 
transmission is not the intended recipient, you are hereby notified that any 
dissemination, distribution or copying of this communication is strictly 
prohibited.  If you have received this communication in error or are not sure 
whether it is privileged, please immediately notify us by return e-mail and 
destroy any copies, electronic, paper or otherwise, which you may have of 
this communication.
- D09N03!.DOC
Tyrell,  Not sure if you sent this out yet, but if you didn't;  In the 
disclaimer section - the second sentence refers to "Buyer".  This needs to be 
Tyrell Harrison@
03/01/2001 11:15 AM
Tyrell Harrison
303 575 6478
Attached is the form of CA.  Let me know if you have any questions.
"David E Deutsch"  	03/02/2001 10:39 AM
funny!
Hong Wang
Dearest Friends,
I am sure that those of you who live or have lived in Houston can relate
to these Mullets.  I have started to notice them downtown.  BEWARE!!!-Hong
(See attached file: mullet.pps)
- mullet.pps
Ha  Ha Ha.  I forgot.  No need for the attitude though 
ryan.ruppert@exxonmobil.com
03/02/2001 10:56 AM
Your killing me G.  Attachments get stripped at our firewall.  Show me some
of this at home!
Ryan F. Ruppert
Senior Geologist
West Texas Geoscience
ExxonMobil Production Co.
396 West Greens Road #603
P.O. Box 4697
Houston, Texas 77067
713.431.1839 Telephone
713.431.1510 Facsimile
Gerald Nemec
03/02/2001 10:51 AM
"David E Deutsch"  	03/02/2001 10:39 AM
funny!
Hong Wang
Dearest Friends,
I am sure that those of you who live or have lived in Houston can relate
to these Mullets.  I have started to notice them downtown.  BEWARE!!!-Hong
(See attached file: mullet.pps)
- mullet.pps
Yes,  the "or something" part.  Did Gillaspie tell you were are going to Lil 
Woodrows for suds after work today 
ryan.ruppert@exxonmobil.com
03/02/2001 01:05 PM
By the way, somebody was missing from bed this morning when I got up--I'm
sure you must have gotten up early to go work out or something 
Ryan F. Ruppert
Senior Geologist
West Texas Geoscience
ExxonMobil Production Co.
396 West Greens Road #603
P.O. Box 4697
Houston, Texas 77067
713.431.1839 Telephone
713.431.1510 Facsimile
Gerald.Nemec@en
Ha  Ha Ha.  I forgot.  No need for the attitude though.
ryan.ruppert@exxo
cc:
03/02/2001 10:56         Subject:     Re: FW: Fw:
Mullet: The Power Point Presentation
AM
Your killing me G.  Attachments get stripped at our firewall.  Show me some
of this at home!
Ryan F. Ruppert
Senior Geologist
West Texas Geoscience
ExxonMobil Production Co.
396 West Greens Road #603
P.O. Box 4697
Houston, Texas 77067
713.431.1839 Telephone
713.431.1510 Facsimile
I have tentatively set up a 2:00 central time conference call with Bill 
Bryant to discuss sitting down with the staff of PSC to discuss our 
petition.  Are you available at this time?
Kay,  Please review the attached data sheet and let me know if there any 
problems.  Thanks for your help.
Melissa,   I would prefer to have Brian Bierbach sign.  His title is Vice 
President.  Let me know if you need anything else Thanks.
Melissa Hughes  Gerald - I am preparing the affidavit, and we would prefer if it is signed
by a business person, rather than a lawyer.  What was the name of the
business person in Denver who was on the conference call when we
were arranging this deal?  Would it be okay if he signed? Sorry I can't
remember his name.
Melissa
Approximately 5:30!
ryan.ruppert@exxonmobil.com
03/02/2001 02:43 PM
I don't think that's what the warden has in mind.
MMmmmmm....cold suds do sound so nice 
I'll see what I can do.
What's the ETA?
Ryan F. Ruppert
Senior Geologist
West Texas Geoscience
ExxonMobil Production Co.
396 West Greens Road #603
P.O. Box 4697
Houston, Texas 77067
713.431.1839 Telephone
713.431.1510 Facsimile
Gerald.Nemec@en
Yes,  the "or something" part.  Did Gillaspie tell you were are going to
Lil Woodrows for suds after work today?
ryan.ruppert@exxo
cc:
03/02/2001 01:05         Subject:     Re: FW: Fw:
Mullet: The Power Point Presentation
PM
By the way, somebody was missing from bed this morning when I got up--I'm
sure you must have gotten up early to go work out or something 
Ryan F. Ruppert
Senior Geologist
West Texas Geoscience
ExxonMobil Production Co.
396 West Greens Road #603
P.O. Box 4697
Houston, Texas 77067
713.431.1839 Telephone
713.431.1510 Facsimile
Gerald.Nemec@en
Ha  Ha Ha.  I forgot.  No need for the attitude though.
ryan.ruppert@exxo
cc:
03/02/2001 10:56         Subject:     Re: FW: Fw:
Mullet: The Power Point Presentation
AM
Your killing me G.  Attachments get stripped at our firewall.  Show me some
of this at home!
Ryan F. Ruppert
Senior Geologist
West Texas Geoscience
ExxonMobil Production Co.
396 West Greens Road #603
P.O. Box 4697
Houston, Texas 77067
713.431.1839 Telephone
713.431.1510 Facsimile
Clement,  Attached is a form of Enron Guaranty which has been marked up by 
the counterparty.  The guaranty would back to LLC which are owned by ENA to 
develop power plants.  The guaranty backs a Precedent Agreement and a long 
term firm transport agreement.  Please review the comments and let me know 
what you think.
John Hodge@
03/02/2001 02:52 PM
Attached is Transco's mark-up of our guaranty language for the Athens and 
Hartwell generation project transportation agreements.  Let me know how we 
should proceed.
John, 
Attached are our comments to the Guranty.? Please let me know if this works 
for your shop. 
Thanks, Toi 
713-215-4540 
- Enron Corp Guaranty2.doc
Brant,  Attached are the form of the JV Cinergy Guaranties.  I will route the 
ENA for signature.  Please note Section 2.  I made these JV guaranties 
secondary to the Bridgeline Guaranty.  Is March 1, 2000, the correct 
effective date for these.
Debra,  We need to prepare a spot purchase master and confirm for the 
following deal.  Please let me know if their is any further information that 
you need 
I don't believe they have an existing master spot, but we should check this Thanks.
Theresa Staab@
03/02/2001 04:46 PM
Gerald,
Here's the information for the North Finn Purchase.  They had a copy of the 
Enrolio Spot Purchase/Sale Agreement.
North Finn LLC
950 Stafford
Casper, Wyoming  82609
Attn:  Larry Linn
(307) 237-7854 Phone
Banking Information:
Hilltop National Bank
Routing #10230119
Account #021674
Country Club Rd.
Casper, Wyoming  82609
Term:  March 1 through March 31
Tier of Gas:  Tier 1 Interruptible Gas
Point of Delivery:  Palamino #3 Screw Compressor, Meter #0814042
Price:  Gas Daily, CIG Rockies (N System) minus $0.25 minus gathering fees 
and fuel.
Volume:  2,100 MMBtu/day
Let me know if you need further information.  North Finn expects to have 
their production on-line by March 6th.
Thanks,
Theresa
(303) 575-6485
I am available at 1 pm.  Let me know if that still works for you.
Heather Kroll
03/04/2001 03:01 PM
Gerald,
Let's meet tomorrow to discuss these contracts.  We need to put this issue to 
bed fairly soon.  Are you available at 1:00?
,
Heather
Heather,  I did receive the Ash Handling Agreement from Bill White and I am 
reviewing and should have comments shortly.  I  have not received the Coal 
Handling Agreement yet from Kris' attorney. 
Heather Kroll
02/27/2001 03:26 PM
Gerald,
Please give me an update on the redrafting of the ReUse agreements.  I 
thought you told me that their attorneys were drafting, but from this e-mail 
I don't think Kris Johnson is aware of that.  Please follow up with their 
attorneys and let me know when to expect a new draft.
,
Heather Kroll
Heather:
Please give me a quick update on the status of the Lumberton and
Elizabethtown coal and ash contracts from Enron's perspective.  Are we still
shooting for a March 15th closing date.  As of now I will out of town on the
15th, but reachable.
Thanks, hope all is going well.
Kris Johnson
1-800-827-3873, ext. 105
FYI
"Crawford, Ann"  	03/02/2001 06:44 PM
Gerald,
I do apologize for not getting the comments away to you today as promised.
I have two items I have to confirm with the traders.  If I do not hear on
Monday morning I will flag the two items and forward the comments on the
rest of the agreement.
Have a good weekend!
Ann
Hi Dena,  Hope you had a good weekend.  I went to Austin for my friends 
wedding.  Got to see a lot of old friends that I haven't seen in a while, so 
that was cool.  Sounds like your pretty busy these days.  I can understand 
that with the transition moving forward.  Lunch would be great.  I am open 
later this week or early next week.  Let me know what you schedule looks 
like 
Gerald
Dena Pawlowski@
03/02/2001 11:09 AM
Sorry in getting back with you soooooo late, but it's been crazy around 
here!!!!!  Thank YOU again for lunch!!!!  I enjoyed it!!!  Maybe we can go to 
lunch again soon.  Let me know 
Dena Pawlowski 
ENRON North America
P.O. Box 1188
1400 Smith Street, EB-3524c
Houston, Texas 77002-7361
Office:  713-853-5073
Pager:  281-631-1310
Attached are the Master Enfolio Spot and the Transaction Agreement for the 
North Finn, LLC transaction.  Please review and if acceptable, forward to 
North Finn for execution.
FYI,  Haven't reviewed it yet, but here is the latest.
Karen Gruesen
03/05/2001 05:54 PM
Gerald,
Jim Coffey and I met with Brian Redmond Thursday, March 1st to discuss 
20/20.  He has asked us to not spend any more time on this transaction and to 
concentrate on the sale of Houston Pipe Line until instructed otherwise or 
given further guidance related to 20/20.  During that meeting he left a 
message with Mark Witt and spoke with Brian Bierbach to discuss that the 
accounting support for the 20/20 transaction would soon not be as available I am attaching a file where I have detailed out the issues as they related to 
Karry's spreadsheet for the detail of revenue and cost of sales 
transactions.  Below are the issues at a high level:
- The reversal of the June estimate.  ENA wrote off the receivable related to 
this.  Northern Border should include this amount in the calculation Approximate value is $417,000.
- The O&M invoices with a date prior to July, 2000.  These are mostly Hanover 
invoices which Northern Border believes should be excluded.  The Hanover invoices were in the contract as included.  Approximate value is $527,000.
- The capital expenditure invoices with a date prior to July, 2000 Approximate value is $1,500,000.
Thanks,
Karen
Nick,  Attached is the form of services agreement.  The form is a little 
different than Steve Van Hooser's original form.  This a form that we used in 
Wyoming which I modified to fit this context.  I will prepare the tasking 
letter based on your scope of work and forward shortly.  Let me know if you 
have any questions 
Attached is the form of fee simple purchase agreement that we will use for 
the reciprocating compressor sites.  Please forward to all appropriate land 
personnel. If you have any questions please call me at your convenience.
How is your day going?  Generally manageable around here.  One of the 
assistants found out I used to be an Iron Maiden fan (technically, I still 
am)  and brought me an old Iron Maiden poster.  Boy is that going to look 
good in the house.  I know this is really impressing you 
Talk at ya later,
G$
Attached is the tasking letter based on the scope of work you provided Please let me know if you have any questions.
The change if fine.  We also need to add the completion date for the services 
in  Part I Section 3.  I left it blank since I did not have that information.
Nick Cocavessis@
03/07/2001 10:50 AM
I made one minor change.
Attached are the Professional Services Agreement and the associated Tasking 
Letter.  Please review.
I went to the floor with the intention of checking this guy out, but when I 
got there I felt stupid and didn't really feel the need to pursue that.  I am 
actually sorry I mentioned it to you.  Insensitive on my part.  It is not a 
huge concern to me at this point.
How is your day going?  Have you gone out of your way to talk to Cynthia yet?
bswaldrop@aol.com
03/07/2001 12:57 PM
Just checking in to see how your are doing after your adventure to the 27th
floor?
FYI
"Crawford, Ann"  	03/07/2001 03:26 PM
Gerald,  I haven't forgotten about this.  Will try to get it out to you
tomorrow.  Please email your phone and fax #'s.  Thanks,  Ann
Staci,  Attached is the CSA with my comments redlined.  Please review and 
let's discuss.
I would include language which also obligates Calpine to take assignment of 
the Precedent Agreement with Kern and any associated firm transport contracts 
and to meet Kern's credit requirements in doing so.  I would propose the 
following in addition to the Guarantee language;
Calpine agrees to satisfy any requirements of Kern River and execute any and 
all documents as may be reasonably necessary to effectuate, as of the 
Obviously there is still the risk that if Calpine doesn't close or meet Kern 
River's credit requirements, then ENA is still left holding this contract If you have any question, please contact me at (713) 853-3512.
Ron Coker@
03/07/2001 07:17 PM
Here's the PSA language.  Sorry.
(a)   Buyer agrees to obtain the release of Seller under Seller's guarantee, 
dated [_____], in favor of Kern River Gas Transmission Company effective as 
of the Closing, and in furtherance thereof, agrees that Buyer shall either 
provide its own guarantee in favor of Kern River Gas Transmission Company or 
such other form of security as shall be acceptable to Kern River Gas 
Transmission Company in order to obtain such release.
Ron Coker
03/07/2001 07:16 PM
Below is the covenant we have in the PSA regarding release of the gas credit 
support.  When will a shipper be required to put up the credit support Would anticipate we would have trouble obtaining a written release from Kern 
if Calpine agreed to provide the required support?  Would we receive a 
written release if Enron puts up a guarantee (which by definition covers the 
entire 15-year term) and Calpine puts up a three year evegreen LC?  Thanks.
Please review and let me know if you have any questions.
Sounds good.  I let Eric know.  He's not sure if he will make it, but oh 
well, I gave him the invite 
Are you still cranking away at work?  Kicking butt and taking names 
bswaldrop@aol.com
03/08/2001 10:41 AM
Just to let you know 
The Happy Hour has been changed to Little Woodrows.  They think it might
rain.  Just wanted to let you know so that you could tell Eric.  Wouldn't
want them to be hanging out at the West Alabama Ice House and we never show
up!
Attached are the following forms:
1.  Pipeline ROW
2.  Compressor Site Lease (for Screws)
3.  Compressor Site Purchase (for Recips)
I am distributing these for the sake of completeness. You may have already 
I am still working through these comments.  Let me know what you think.
"Crawford, Ann"  	03/07/2001 07:47 PM
Gerald,
Per the attached cover letter explaining AEC's requested changes, I attach
both a blackline copy and a clean copy of the edited agreement.  Please
comment asap on items regarding the bolded text in sections 3.2, 3.4 and
8.3.
Thank you,
Ann M. Crawford
Gas Marketing
Sr.Contract Administrator
Phone: 403-266-8425
Fax: 403-290-8479
C.doc>>
- aecm.amc.ltr.enrn.doc
- DRAFT IN ENRN EDIT.doc
- DRAFT IN ENRN EDIT C.doc
Ann,  I have received your comments to the Enfolio and will review them Have you received the confirms for the Transaction and executed yet?
Stephanie,  I made on small change.
Also attached is the Assignment agreement for Kern River.
It is going fine so far!  We'll see about the rest of the day.  Eric and I 
tried a new burger place for lunch.  I was bad and had a cheeseburger con 
fries.  Now I am struggling to even stay awake.  Nap. Nap.  Any idea on your 
ETA at Woodrow's this evening?
Two words about my after work activities.  Proper Pumpitude!!  I have to work 
that cheeseburger off.  Why don't I call you on your cell when I get showered 
up and if your already past mi casa or at the bar, I will just meet you 
there.  Sound good?
bswaldrop@aol.com
03/08/2001 02:12 PM
Boy, you timed that pretty good.  Just walked back in about 10 minutes ago.
I am thinking that I will be here at least until 7 pm.  I will then run home
and walk Sophie and probably be able to either come by your place or just
meet you at Little Woodrows by 8:00.  How does that work for your schedule?
What are you planning on doing after work!
That Cheeseburger sounds good.  I had a cold Grilled Ham and Cheese.  They
ordered it before I left for my appt and then it had ben sitting here for
about an hour before I got ot eat.  Yum Yum Kitty!
Chris,  Attached is the form of CA for Power Engineers, Inc.  Let  me know if 
you have any qeustions.
Please print these on Enron logo only letterhead.  Need to create a header 
for Enron Compression Services Company on these documents.
Gerald Nemec
03/08/2001 11:45 AM
Please review and let me know if you have any questions.
Paul.Pfeffer@bakerbotts.com
03/09/2001 07:42 AM
J. Greg Coulter
Jennings, Strouss & Salmon, P.L.C.
Attorneys at Law
One Renaissance Square
Two North Central Avenue
Phoenix, AZ 85004-2393
Direct Dial:  602.262.5920
Direct Fax:  602.495.2636
E-Mail:  GCoulter@jsslaw.com
Web Site:  www.jsslaw.com
Cc: WEIDMAN, DANIEL     JANE ; MAURRAS, HUGH   DOUGLAS ; HINES, BILL  Sent: Thursday, March 08, 2001 1:57 PM
Dear Mr. (X) President:
I recently saw a bumper sticker that said, "Thank me, I voted for
Clinton-Gore."  So, I sat down and reflected on that and I am sending my
"Thank you" for what you have done, specifically:
1. Thank you for introducing us to Jennifer Flowers, Paula Jones, Monica
Lewinsky, Dolly Kyle Browning, Kathleen Willey, and Juanita Broaddrick.  Did
I leave anyone out?
2. Thank you for teaching my 8 year old about oral sex.  I had really
planned
to wait until he was about 10 or so to discuss it with him, but now he knows
more about it than I did as a senior in high school.
3. Thank you for showing us that sexual harassment in the work place
(especially the White House) and on the job is OK, and all you have to know
is what the meaning of  "IS" is.  It really is great to know that certain
sexual acts are not sex and one person may have sex while the other one
involved does NOT have sex.  It's so unfortunate to see that the National
Organization of Women (NOW) has lost all credibility for  supporting you
throughout your escapades.
4. Thank you for reintroducing the concept of impeachment to a new
generation
and demonstrating that the ridiculous plot of the movie "Wag The Dog" could
be plausible after all.
5. Thanks for making Jimmy Carter look competent, Gerald Ford look graceful,
Richard Nixon look honest, Lyndon Johnson look truthful, and John Kennedy
look moral.
6. Thank you for the 72  witnesses testifying before the House and Senate
who
have pled the 5th Amendment and 17 witnesses who have fled the country to
avoid testifying about Democrat campaign fund raising.
7. Thank you for the 19 charges, 8 convictions, and 4 imprisonment's for the
Whitewater "mess" and the 55 criminal charges and 32 criminal convictions
(so far) in the other "Clinton" scandals.  No wonder it took you the entire
day of your last day in office to pardon them all.
8. Thanks also for reducing our military by half, "gutting" much of our
foreign policy, and flying all over the world on "vacations" carefully
disguised as necessary trips.  Please give my   to Hillary, when/if
you see her.  Tell her I'm working on a "Thank You" letter for her also.
9. Thank you, also, for "finding" millions of dollars of excess tax money. I
really didn't need it in the first place and I can't think of a more well
deserving group of recipients for my hard-earned dollars than jet fuel and
security for all of your globetrotting. I understand you; the family, and
your cronies have logged in more time aboard Air Force One than any other
administration.
10. Thank you for closing so many millions of acres of 'public'  lands
without the input of the people and governing officials living in  the
states affected.
11.  Thank you for pardoning some 140 citizens who have been  convicted of
breaking the law, some of whom gave you hundreds of thousands of dollars to
your political campaigns.
12. Thank you for an attorney general that saw fit to protect you and your
'constituents' from embarrassment or prosecution.
God bless America and THANK YOU for redefining the integrity and character
of the highest office in the land.
Sincerely,
U.S. Citizen
P.S. Please pass along a special thank you to Al Gore for "inventing' the
Internet and making the distribution of this letter possible.
Attached is the information of Barbara's friend. Happy hunting.  I give you a 
call later about Satellite.
Work-713-560-8065
Cell-713-498-2423
Paul,  Attached is a resume of a gas trader that is looking for a job at 
Enron.  David knows her, but I don't.  Any idea's on who needs to see this or 
if Enron is even interested in higher more traders?
"David E Deutsch"  	03/01/2001 05:02 PM
Gerald,
Here is the resume of that awesome gas trader I told you about.  Please put
it in the right hands.
Thanks,
DD
"Tran, Caroline"
Got it right this time, with the help of some fine print on your business
card..
xo CT
It was nice to talk to you last night.? Here is my CV  Thanks for forwarding it on to the appropriate parties.
Caroline Tran Natural Gas Portfolio & Pricing Manager Sempra Energy
Solutions (619) 744 - 4577 office (619) 744 - 4545 fax
ctran@sempra-slns.com
(See attached file: resume022600.doc)
- resume022600.doc
Attached are the revised drafts. 
Please note the following:
1.  I revised the FERC language but haven't yet talked to Drew about this 
concept.  He is in Houston somewhere and I have a call in to him.
2.  The Equivalent HP concept was removed.  Thus a Force Majeure or Utility 
interruption event will interuppt the Compression Services Charge.
3.  Please review the unwind language carefully in the Conversion Agreement.
4.  I added an arbitration provision.  This is standard in ENA or affiliate 
contracts.
The O&M form will follow shortly.
FYI,  Seems like the number is getting bigger and there may still be more 
numbers out there.  Let's discuss.
Jim Coffey
03/09/2001 10:50 AM
The post closing adjustment would actually be increased by $680k (Northern 
Border would owe ENA more)!
Karen Gruesen
03/08/2001 06:16 PM
I spoke with Karry regarding the outstanding issues related to 20/20.   He 
said that the items that were on item B on my issues schedule for Natural Gas 
Revenues for $989k were ENA paying Northern Border.  The $309k in item F were 
Northern Border paying ENA.  This would change the post closing adjustment by 
a net of about $680k.  I will work through the new calculation with the items 
identified.
Also, he said that he thought ENA's Gas accounting group, Scott Sitter and 
someone from Denver should meet to go through the adjustments and payments 
that have gone through since the closing.  This could affect the post closing 
calculation with fairly significant dollars and would be information that I 
would not have 
Cris - I am attaching a schedule that I believe Karry used to get to the 
basis for the initial gain calculation.  It is on the tab "P&S Combined".
Please let me know if you have any questions.
Thanks,
Karen
Shut Up!!
Paul.Pfeffer@bakerbotts.com
03/11/2001 04:32 PM
I'll be here all week.  Let me know when you receive the letter.
Chris Meyer
03/12/2001 08:24 AM
Gerald - Bison is okay with your modifications to the second side letter One I receive the executed letter, we will need to send out the shipper 
executed PA and 1st side letter (both of which are in your possession).  What 
is your schedule this week.
chris
x31666
Kay,  Please see attached.  If you could let me know ASAP I would appreciate 
it.
Please see the attached revision per our phone discussion this morning.  If 
acceptable please fax executed CA to (713) 646-3490.
Kay,  Do we have a Confidentiality Agreement in place with this entity 
Robert Crockett
03/12/2001 12:32 PM
Tri-C Resources, Inc.
909 Wirt Road
Houston, TX 77024-3405
Geologic and reservoir engineering data on Nos. 1 and 2 Governor Bill Daniels 
wells, North Moss Bluff Field, Liberty County, Texas
Terry,  Attached is a typical form that was executed.   Specifically Section 
3.3 under which we will be curtail are takes from the Producers and any 
requirements to take pro rata from producers in Wyoming.  Thanks.  Any 
possibility of getting feedback by tommorrow.  Thanks.
Russell,  I am still reviewing.  We are light this week on attorney's due to 
spring break and I am catching a lot of overflow.  I will try to get through 
it as soon as possible.
Russell Diamond/ENRON@Xgate
03/13/2001 09:10 AM
Gerald, What is the status of this Master?
Thanks
Russell
Brant,  Attached is clean and redlined copy of the revised Credit Services 
Agreement with Bridgeline.  I made significant revisions to this document In general the document was very thin and needed to be reinforced to provide 
a more detailed deal arrangement.  Please review  and if credit is OK, I am 
fine to send this to Bridgeline 
Please note that I did leave an open question on the fee structure.  The 
agreement currently provides for a flat fee of $10,000 per month for the 
services.  Do we need to be reimburse for any third party expenses to perform 
the services or would all services be internal and included in the flat fee Need to establish this before we send out to Bridgeline.  Let me know if you 
have any questions.
You are so cool.  I can't believe that the person in that picture with the 
biggest rock band of all time, was in my bed last night.  Wow!  Everyday I 
found something out that just makes me want you more and more!  Ha Ha Ha
How is Ms. Barbara doing today?  I am weary from the pile of other people's 
projects couched on top of my head but "I will survive, Hey Hey".  I've lost 
the edge Maverick,  I am holding on too tight!
Attached is a rough draft of the O&M Agreement
In case you are not on your work email.
Gerald Nemec
03/13/2001 02:07 PM
You are so cool.  I can't believe that the person in that picture with the 
biggest rock band of all time, was in my bed last night.  Wow!  Everyday I 
found something out that just makes me want you more and more!  Ha Ha Ha
How is Ms. Barbara doing today?  I am weary from the pile of other people's 
projects couched on top of my head but "I will survive, Hey Hey".  I've lost 
the edge Maverick,  I am holding on too tight!
Rock and Roll 
"Waldrop, Barbara (CBI-Houston)"  	03/13/2001 10:45 AM
Thought you would like to see the "cool" yours truly with Quiet Riot. 
I am thinking about joining the band 
Clint Wright 
Promotion Director 
106.9 The Point KHPT 
Hot 97.1 KTHT 
1990 Post Oak Blvd. 
Suite 2300 
Houston TX 77056 
713-963-1216 
- barbara and quiet riot.jpg
Jean,  FYI, I have faxed the executed CA back to Entergy concerning Highland 
Energy.  They should be good to move forward with discussion.  Let me know if 
you need anything else.
I forwarded your picture to Eric and your little comment about you wanting to 
join Quiet Riot has sent shockwaves through the members of Monkey Pump First of all,  you haven't even been voted into the band yet (seems the 
chances are getting less likely with you already shopping your skills on the 
market) and now you already discussing new ventures.  Secondly, Monkey Pump 
is not a stepping stone.  We are big time and those has beens "Quiet Riot" 
will wish for just a small portion of our fame and fortune 
I guess this does add a new dimension to the much anticipated VH-1 Behind the 
Music: Monkey Pump episode 
"Monkey Pump was on its way, they were only 5 years away from their first 
album, but little did they know that the person who they weren't even really 
sure they wanted to be their lead singer, already had other designs on 
reviving a heavy metal icon from long ago.  When we return on behind the 
music 
Eric and I will discuss this and get back with you.  In the meantime we had 
better not see you at any photo ops with Poison or Warrant.
Mark,  Attached is the letter agreement we discussed.  Please review.  It is 
rough 
Some issues to note:
1.  The Kern PA cannot be assigned without their consent, which shall not be 
unreasonably withheld.  If Kern didn't like the fact that we are receiving 
assignment from 3 or 4 other shippers, they might withhold consent if they 
thought we were superceding their bid procedures.  Not sure if they would, 
but it is a risk.
2.  If the assignment is done after the producer executes the firm transport 
agreement, Kern could require to capacity to be released via capacity release 
at max rate 
3.  I took a stab at the mark-to-market calculation.  Probably needs more 
substance though.
Lets discuss.
=09Ken Lay and Jeff Skilling@
=09Sent by: Ken Lay and Jeff Skilling@
=0903/13/2001 04:17 PM
=09=09=20
California=01,s power crisis has generated heated debate over the last several=20
months.  Unfortunately, this debate has generated more heat than light.  We=20
want you to know what the facts are and what we are doing about the crisis. =20
Please spend a few minutes reading the following overview on the situation=20
and our position on California energy issues.
What happened in California
The source of California=01,s current problem is as straightforward as supply=20
and demand.  California=01,s economy grew 29 percent since 1998.  This increased=20
the demand for electricity by 24 percent.  At the same time, regulatory=20
restrictions prevented new generation from getting built in the state.  So=20
demand grew but regulations prevented supplies from being added.  The result,=20
predictably, is a shortage.  This summer, peak capacity will be about 10=20
percent shy of peak demand, leading to further blackouts in the state.
In addition to the supply and demand imbalance, there are two other related=20
factors that led to the current crisis.  First, the state=01,s regulations=20
forced all sales and purchases into the spot market.  The spot market for=20
power is extraordinarily volatile.  The way firms behave in a free market=20
when faced with such volatility is to construct a portfolio of purchases long=20
term, medium term and short term, to reduce exposure to this volatility.  In=20
California, state regulation prevented this strategy.  This would be the=20
equivalent of putting the entire state on an adjustable rate mortgage in the=20
most volatile interest rate environment imaginable.  Everything was fine=20
while the power surplus persisted, but when shortages ensued, every megawatt=20
was purchased at the sky rocketing spot price.
Second, retail markets were not deregulated.  Regulated retail rates remained=20
in effect, and stranded cost recovery charges were structured to keep=20
competition out.  This meant that utilities were forced to pay high wholesale=20
prices in the spot market but were only able to recover costs at the=20
regulated retail rate.  They are now nearly bankrupt.
In short, California=01,s problems were caused by regulation, not deregulation. =20
Regulations prevented competitors from entering the market, prevented new=20
generation from being built, and prevented prudent hedging against volatile=20
spot prices.
At the time California was developing its restructuring plan, Enron warned=20
the state=01,s policy makers about these risks and proposed alternatives, which,=20
if adopted, would have averted the current crisis.
Enron=01,s Role
Many political leaders in the state have elected to fix blame rather than fix=20
the problem.  Power sellers, including Enron, have been vilified by the=20
politicians and the media.  Here are the facts:
? Other than a small amount of wind power, Enron is not a generator in the=20
state of California.  Every megawatt we sold in California we bought in the=20
same market available to other California purchasers.  Because we are a=20
market maker, not a generator, we are not biased toward high prices.  We are=20
interested only in having a market that works so that we can package products=20
for our customers.
? As a seller to end-use markets in the state, we provided protection from=20
the problems the states=01, utilities, and their customers, now face.  We=20
protected, and still protect, our customers from price volatility.
You may have read that EES recently elected to have the utilities supply=20
power directly to its customers in California instead of procuring power on=20
the open market.  Early reports mischaracterized this as a =01&turnback=018 of our=20
customers to the utilities.  Here are the facts:
? As a result of a variety of factors existing in the current California=20
market, it made more sense for EES to source power for its customers directly=20
from the utilities.  This decision reduced EES=01,s market price risk by=20
allowing EES to access lower utility rates.
? EES did not terminate any customer contracts, and our customers continue to=20
receive the financial benefits of their contract prices.
? EES is continuing to work with its California customers to provide them=20
with other energy-related products and services, including assistance in=20
reducing the demand for power, particularly at peak times.
Enron is currently proposing solutions to help California work out of its=20
crisis; Enron continues to sign up customers in the state; and Enron=20
continues to actively manage its risks and capture opportunities in Western=20
power markets.  Enron=01,s primary business is managing risk for our customers=20
with solutions customized to meet their needs.  There has never been more=20
demand for our products and services.
The Solution
The solution to California=01,s crisis is also straightforward.  In summary, the=20
state must increase supply, reduce demand, reduce reliance on the spot market=20
and shore up the financial stability of the state=01,s utilities.
Increasing Supply
California=01,s process for siting and permitting new generation is nothing=20
short of Byzantine.  Enron has built plants elsewhere in the country in less=20
than a year.  In California, it often takes 5 to 7 years.  California simply=20
must streamline this process.  Ironically, while many of the regulations=20
generators must overcome are aimed at improving environmental quality, the=20
regulations are preventing new clean technology from coming online and=20
displacing current plants, which emit 40 times as much NOx.  California can=20
have abundant power and cleaner air by expediting the permitting of new=20
facilities.
Reducing Demand
Customers in California today have no incentive to reduce or shift demand. =20
They pay the same rate no matter what the market price is.  An open retail=20
market would trigger demand responses, which would balance supply and demand=20
at lower prices than today.  California should fully open its retail market.
Reducing Reliance on the Spot Market
In a truly deregulated market, customers would protect themselves from=20
volatile spot prices by purchasing some of their requirements on a longer=20
term, fixed-price basis.  The state has instead left procurement in the hands=20
of the utilities, which it has forced to buy exclusively in the spot market. =20
Opening the market at the retail level will give customers control over their=20
price risk.
Restoring the Financial Integrity of the State=01,s Institutions
The utilities in California are not paying their bills.  This has led to=20
greater uncertainty in the market, higher costs, and reduced flexibility to=20
arrive at lasting solutions.  California must permit its utilities to recover=20
their costs so they can pay their bills and invest in the transmission and=20
distribution assets necessary to get power from where it is to where it is=20
needed.
Just as important as doing these things, the state must avoid policies that,=20
while politically attractive, do not fix the problem or even make matters=20
worse.  Price caps have been proposed.  They don=01,t work; have never worked;=20
and they will not work here.  Price caps succeed only in creating shortages,=20
which then have to be allocated among competing users.  Imagine how=20
ineffectively the government would be in determining, for example, whether it=20
is better to make its limited power supplies available to the Imperial Valley=20
or Silicon Valley.  Price caps are a surefire way to make the current=20
shortage worse.
The state has also proposed to take over generation and transmission in=20
California.  There is no reason to believe, and every reason to doubt, that=20
the state will be more effective than free markets at investing in,=20
constructing, operating and maintaining assets.  This will also result in=20
California tax revenues being spent on power transmission and power=20
generation -- which the private sector can do -- instead of education, roads=20
and other public goods -- which the private sector cannot do.
As you are approached by people outside the company or are learning about the=20
crisis from the media, it=01,s important for you to know this:  We at Enron will=20
continue to serve our customers and we will continue to propose real=20
solutions to the state. 
Attached for your review is a draft letter for third parties whom with we 
plan to participate in the Kern River Open Season.  Barry asked that I 
forward to you as well for review 	Gerald Nemec
03/13/2001 07:00 PM
Mark,  Attached is the letter agreement we discussed.  Please review.  It is 
rough 
Some issues to note:
1.  The Kern PA cannot be assigned without their consent, which shall not be 
unreasonably withheld.  If Kern didn't like the fact that we are receiving 
assignment from 3 or 4 other shippers, they might withhold consent if they 
thought we were superceding their bid procedures.  Not sure if they would, 
but it is a risk.
2.  If the assignment is done after the producer executes the firm transport 
agreement, Kern could require to capacity to be released via capacity release 
at max rate 
3.  I took a stab at the mark-to-market calculation.  Probably needs more 
substance though.
Lets discuss.
Per Steve's request, I am forwarding a phone number of a consulting company 
that produces maps which show all pipeline in Texas (sorted by county).  This 
might be a good place to start to find the pipeline you described in your 
voice mail to Steve.
The company is Design Technics Corp.  Phone: (713) 460-2291.  The map will 
generally show where the pipeline runs, but it is depicted at more of a macro 
level. 
Mary,  Attached is the list.  Let me know if you run into any problems.
Kate Cole/ENRON@Xgate
03/13/2001 04:46 PM
Gerald - as discussed please save first then review otherwise you might lose 
the indentations - it's a very unsophisticated document as yet but one of 
these fine days we'll bring it into this century!
Kate
Kate B. Cole
Director, Corporate Services
Enron Corp.
Tel: (713) 853-1624
Fax: (713) 646-8007
Email: kate.cole@
Attached are a clean and redline version of the Gallup CSA and Conversion 
Agreement for your review.
Tyrell,  I have made some revisions to the latest drafts of  the letter 
agreement and your cover letter.  Please review.  As I noted earlier, Barry 
indicated he had some language that he wanted to revise concerning the mark 
to market.  I have not been able to contact him yet.  So unless Mark and 
Barry have talked, probably need to hold these until you or I hear from Barry.
Also, if we are going to do any of these transaction with a Canadian party, 
Peter Keohane and Eric Ledain need to comment on this form.  I have sent them 
an earlier version and I am copying them here 
I will be in a meeting until about 3:30 pm central and will be available 
after that 
I again want to reiterate, that if the assignment takes place after the firm 
transport agreements are signed, Kern could require the assignment to be done 
via the capacity release bidding procedures of their tariff.  I noticed that 
one of the packages is less than 1 year in term.  This means it could also be 
bid up in excess of max rate.  Anything over 1 year could only be bid to max 
rate.    We may want to add a provision that to the extent the capacity is 
assigned via capacity release and it is bid up beyond max rate, ENA will have 
no obilgation to take the capacity and make the mark to market payment Probably need to discuss this with Mark.
"Amy L. Baird"  	03/14/2001 03:25 PM
    - ExtremeSports.jpg
Gerald Nemec
02/12/2001 04:11 PM
Attached is the form of amend for the Texaco guaranty wrt Superior Natural 
Gas.
Do you have addresses and fax numbers for these counterparties?
Tyrell Harrison@
03/14/2001 08:28 PM
Gerald,
The following is a list of the counterparties that we will be submitting 
letter agreements to:
J.M. Huber Corporation
Patina Oil & Gas Corporation
FMI Weld LLC
Kennedy Oil Corporation
Dominion Oil & Gas Exploration
Tucson Electric (verify with Kim Ward)
Tyrell Harrison
303 575 6478
Attached is the latest draft for review.  We plan on convening and 8 am 
central time to review and finalize 
I should be talking to Barry in about 10 minutes, and we will probably have a 
few more changes.
Gerald Nemec
03/14/2001 10:40 PM
Attached is the latest draft for review.  We plan on convening and 8 am 
central time to review and finalize 
Add these two to the list.
Kim Ward
03/15/2001 09:42 AM
Mercado Gas Services, Inc.
c/o Mark Hawkins
Director of Gas Marketing
504 Lavaca Street
Suite 970
Austin, TX  78701
Fax   512-476-5985
Tucson Electric Power
c/o David Hutchens
Manager, Wholesale Marketing
3950 E. Irvington Rd.
Tucson, AZ  85714
Fax   520-571-4065
Here is one more.
Tyrell Harrison@
03/15/2001 10:05 AM
Gerald,
Here is a new counterparty, one more to follow:
Cannon Interests-Houston
11511 Rain Tree Circle
Houston, TX  77024
Fax:  713-706-4319
Tyrell Harrison
303 575 6478
Great.  Thanks for all your help on this 
Peter Keohane
03/15/2001 02:45 PM
FYI, Petro-Canada and Hunt Canada signed and submitted.
Many thanks. Trying to get Petro-Canada and Hunt Oil Canada to sign before 
the deadline. Peter.
Gerald Nemec
03/12/2001 03:53 PM
Terry,  Attached is a typical form that was executed.   Specifically Section 
3.3 under which we will be curtail are takes from the Producers and any 
requirements to take pro rata from producers in Wyoming.  Thanks.  Any 
possibility of getting feedback by tommorrow.  Thanks.
I am booked currently on the following flights to NO.
Leaving Houston:  Flight 1257 at 5:05 pm
Leaving New Orleans:  Flight 1364 at 2:50 pm.
Brant,  Attached is a clean and redlined version of the revised agreement per 
our discussion
Yes,  I am alive.  Got in a little late, but still here nonetheless.  Deblah 
who?
I am checking to see if anybody is up for tonight and I should know later 
this afternoon.  I know we really need to have more drinks, its been so long.
Yes, I was serious about China.  Talked to Eric this morning and they would 
leave on June 6 and return on June 16.  I need to make sure this works with 
my work schedule.  I think it would be really cool to see Bejing, the Great 
Wall, etc............... and hone my skills as Show Lin High Priest Martial 
Arts badass 
bswaldrop@aol.com
03/16/2001 10:04 AM
Hey there!
Just wanted to see if you got to work okay!  Guess who was up in our studios
this morning????  Yep, you guessed it Deblah Morgan.  She is actually a
really young singer and she is more on the Hip Hop side of the music
business.  Anyway, I actually would have never known who she was unless
someone had told me.
So, what are you thinking about tonight.  Do you want to see if Eric and Jenn
and David and whoever else want to meet downtown at Salintes?
Also, were you being serious about China?  I really would consider it, but I
need to get more details about dates, etc.  I actually think that would be so
much fun.  Now you're sitting there saying, "crap, why did I bring that
up...I was just kidding around!"
John,  Attached is the Transco guaranty with further revisions.  The 
following items of note were revised.
1.  Transco added language stating that this is a performance guaranty Enron will only provide a payment guaranty.  Enron does not have the means to 
ensure performance by the LLC.  Thus the language needs to clearly identify 
that this is a payment guaranty.  As long as Transco gets paid for the 
transport, I am not sure why this matters.
2.  Transco would be able to collect interest for late payments under their 
tariff.  Putting late payment interest in the guaranty would give Transco the 
ability to recover double interest on late payments.  Thus, the interest 
language in the guaranty was removed 
Please review the revised guaranty.  I would be happy to discuss these issues 
with Transco's attorney's at their convenience.  Let me know if you have any 
questions.  Thanks.
1.  Kern River Expansion Bid - Executed approximately 6 agreements with 
producers to partcipate in Kern River's Open Season.  Producers were required 
to bid in Open Season and upon award of capacity by Kern, the producers will 
assign such capacity to ENA in exchange for 25% of ENA mark to market profit 
on the capacity.  Overall objective of the project was to increase ENA 
capacity stake on this expansion.  The basis is currently very profitable 
between Wyoming and California.  Worked with Barry Tycholiz and Mark Whitt
2.  Enron Compression Services - StageCoach  - Negotiating a deal to provide 
HP Compression Services to Tennessee Gas Pipeline Company in Pennsylvania Drafts have been sent to Tennessee.  Also negotiating a power and gas deal 
with EES to provide electric service to the compressor and sell the gas to 
EES which ECS receives from Tennessee.
Mark Breese
03/16/2001 05:10 PM
Ken,  Attached are the Medusa docs with some slight revision.  The revisions 
are all to make it clear that this is a nonbinding proposal.  Please let me 
know if you have any questions.
Brant Reves/ENRON@Xgate
03/19/2001 04:33 PM
Gerald,
Here is the first credit worksheet for terms to the draft Reliant contract Once you prepare the draft, e-mail it to me, and I will forward it to BGML After that, we can get the contact and address information to formally pursue 
a negotiation.
thanks
brant
Debra,  This is another one for a Master Firm/Purchase Sale.  The Enron 
entity in these deals is Bridgeline Gas Marketing, LLC
Let me know if you have any questions.
Brant Reves/ENRON@Xgate
03/19/2001 04:40 PM
Gerald,
Here is the first credit worksheet for terms to the draft Sempra contract Once you prepare the draft, e-mail it to me, and I will forward it to BGML After that, we can get the contact and address information to formally pursue 
a negotiation.
thanks
brant
Here is the last one.
Brant Reves/ENRON@Xgate
03/19/2001 04:43 PM
Gerald,
Here is the first credit worksheet for terms to the draft Sempra contract Once you prepare the draft, e-mail it to me, and I will forward it to BGML After that, we can get the contact and address information to formally pursue 
a negotiation.
thanks
brant
Stephanie,  Attached is a the form of assignment that we would use for the 
Kern River expansion with the producer.  Please let me know if you have any 
questions.
Could you print these out for me.  Thanks.
Gerald,
Pls take one last look at these agreements just to make sure they are ready 
to go. 
Thanks again for all your help.
Steve
Andrew,  Attached is a draft of the Master Firm/Purchase between EES and ECS 
and its accompany Transaction Agreement.  I think it does make sense to have 
a separate agreement to encompass the overall annual true between the power 
and gas sides.  Need to discuss this with EES' attorney.  I will contact Bo 
and see who is the lead attorney on this deal.   Please review the attached 
documents and let me know before you send this to EES.  As you will see I 
have a few question noted on the TA.
How is it going?  I didn't get here until about 9:20.  Yikes.  I had 6 
voicemail messages, when I got here.  Help.
Bo,  Attached is the draft of the gas agreement for the StageCoach 
transaction.  There are still a few blanks for which Andrew is getting the 
information.  Please review and let me know if you have any questions.
Also to follow up on our discussion from earlier concerning who would 
actually contracts with the PPL for the Utility Agreement;  we had earlier 
discussed Tennessee Gas Pipeline contracting with the Utility with EES acting 
as their agent for interaction with the Utility.  However, I think it should 
be EES who contracts with the Utility to receive electric service.  TGP has 
contracted with ECS for Compression Services and ECS has contracted with EES 
for power.  TGP has no need for a power deal.  Let me know what you think 
about this.
It is my understanding that EES is working on a revised draft of the TA for 
the Power Contract.  Let me know if this is not correct.  Thanks.
Dan,  Per our discussion, attached is the Compressor Services Agreement 
between Enron Compression Services Company  and Tennessee Gas Pipeline 
Company.  This is a rough draft at this point, but should give you a good 
idea of the structure of this deal.  Note that Section 3.4 will be removed as 
this is no longer part of the deal.
Ken,  I am forwarding the initialed cover letter with the changes included Please revise the body of the proposal to also reflect the changes made to 
the cover sheet.  Let me know if you have any questions.
Ken Loch@
03/20/2001 02:51 PM
Gerald,
Here is the letter.
Thank you,
Kenn Loch
That's fine.  Actually my friend Paul called me and wanted to get together 
for a beer tonight with Andy, so it looks like I will be blowing off working 
out.  Uh-oh.  That sounds fine.  Tell Shannon hello at the movies.  Ha Ha  
just kidding :-O 
Can't wait to hear your skiiillz on the radio 
bswaldrop@aol.com
03/20/2001 03:33 PM
Hey there!
Just wanted to let you know that I am planning on going to see a movie at
7:30 and I should be out no later than 9:30 and then will head to walk Sophie
and then back over to your place.  I will call you when I am leaving the
movie theatre.  Will that be too late?  You can also workout without having
to rush!
Also, I am getting ready to go into the studio and do another commercial.  I
found that tape with my other commercials that I have done.  I will bring
that with me tonight.  Aren't you so impressed with all my abilities?
I couldn't have said it better myself 
Brian Hendon@MUNICATIONS
03/20/2001 01:41 PM
"There's nothing wrong with letting the girls know that you're money and that 
you want to party 
Please review the attached response to the PSC for accuracy.  Let me know if 
you have any issues.
"Russell A. Badders"  	03/21/2001 09:35 AM
Please review the attached document.? Mr.  Bryant and possibly Tom on your 
end may want to see this before it goes.? I  hope to transmit this to PSC 
Staff Thursday March 21, 2001.?  Thanks
Russell
- staffissue.doc.doc
Gnny,  Please see the bold sentence I added.  Wanted to make it clear that 
there would be no double interest.  Let me know if that works for you.  I 
have left a voicemail with Enron Corp. counsel to review this and the other 
items we discussed yesterday.  Hopefully we can get this settled today Thanks.
"Levenback, Virginia C"  	03/21/2001 09:37 AM
??????? As we discussed, outlined below is a sentence that Transco proposes 
to insert to replace the language stricken by Enron at the end of Paragraph 2 
of the Guaranty to address Enron's concerns about over-collecting interest 
for late payments:
??????? "If Guarantor fails to make timely payment of the amount of the 
Payment Demand, then Counterparty shall be entitled to collect the amount of 
the Payment Demand together with interest calculated in accordance with 
Section 7(c) of the General Terms and Conditions of Counterparty's FERC Gas 
Tariff as amended from time-to-time.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, 
Counterparty shall not be entitled to collect such interest, to the extent 
such interest has already been assessed due to Company's failure to pay any 
Obligations which are the subject of the Payment Demand.
??????? Please call me at (713) 215-2810 to discuss Transco's revised 
language.? We look forward to finalizing the Guaranty today if possible Thanks for your cooperation.? Gnny Levenback
Some thoughts that might help from time to time.  This was forwarded to me, 
and I found it very compelling.
G
Maybe God wants us to meet a few wrong people before meeting the right one 
so 
that when we finally meet the right person, we will know how to be grateful 
for that gift. When the door of happiness closes, another opens, but often 
times we look so long at the closed door that we don't see the one which has 
been opened for us. The best kind of friend is the kind you can sit on a 
porch and swing with, never say a word, and then walk away feeling like it 
was the best conversation you've ever had. It's true that we don't know what 
we've got until we lose it, but it's also true that we don't know what we've 
been missing until it arrives. Giving someone all your love is never an 
assurance that they'll love you back! Don't expect love in return; just wait 
for it to grow in their heart but if it doesn't, be content it grew in 
yours. 
It takes only a minute to get a crush on someone, an hour to like someone, 
and a day to love someone, but it takes a lifetime to forget someone. Don't 
go for looks; they can deceive. Don't go for wealth; even that fades away. 
Go 
for someone who makes you smile because it takes only a smile to make a dark 
day seem bright. Find the one that makes your heart smile. There are moments 
in life when you miss someone so much that you just want to pick them from 
your dreams and hug them for real! Dream what you want to dream; go where 
you 
want to go; be what you want to be, because you have only one life and one 
chance to do all the things you want to do. May you have enough happiness to 
make you sweet, enough trials to make you strong, enough sorrow to keep you 
human, enough hope to make you happy. Always put yourself in others' shoes. 
If you feel that it hurts you, it probably hurts the other person, too. The 
happiest of people don't necessarily have the best of everything; they just 
make the most of everything that comes along their way. Happiness lies for 
those who cry, those who hurt, those who have searched, and those who have 
tried, for only they can appreciate the importance of people who have 
touched 
their lives. Love begins with a smile, grows with a kiss and ends with a 
tear. The brightest future will always be based on a forgotten past, you 
can't go on well in life until you let go of your past failures and 
heartaches. When you were born, you were crying and everyone around you was 
smiling. Live your life so that when you die, you're the one who is smiling 
and everyone around you is crying. Please send this message to those people 
who mean something to you, to those who have touched your life in one way or 
another, to those who make you smile when you really need it, to those that 
make you see the brighter side of things when you are really down, to those 
who you want to let them know that you appreciate their friendship. And if 
you don't, don't worry, nothing bad will happen to you, you will just miss 
out on the opportunity to brighten someone's day with this message. 
Just wanted to pass this on to you.  It was great to see you again the other 
day.  Take care.
Brian Redmond
10/07/99 12:15 PM
Congratulations 
On behalf of all of the Asset Group I would like to extend our appreciation 
and congratulations for making Hanover Measurement Services (HMS) a reality A year of creative effort and determination, has transformed the project from 
the sale/leaseback of HPL's metering equipment into a viable measurement 
services company.    HMS provides the opportunity to reduce HPL's operating 
costs and leverage Enron's technical expertise to provide measurement 
services to third party customers 
This project is an example of how the Asset Group must leverage our resources 
and existing assets to create sustainable, recurring earnings in the years 
ahead.  Each of you contributed to this success and your efforts are greatly 
appreciated by HPL and senior Enron management.  Our task now is to expand  
HMS' customer base and position the company to take advantage of emerging 
measurement, communications and systems technology.
Again, congratulations on establishing and financing HMS, and please share 
our appreciation with team members who assisted you in this success.
,
Brian
Rusty,  Attached is a blank form for use in the E&I work.  The Work Offer 
form for the other contracts should be attached as an Exhibit to the other 
contracts.  If it is not, let me know 
Interesting!  Did she say why she was trying to call you at home?  I don't 
care if you tell where you have been, unless you think it would make things 
awkard between you. Probably not a good idea overall though.
bswaldrop@aol.com
03/21/2001 04:05 PM
Cynthia just walked by me downstairs and told me that she has been trying to
call me for the past two days at home.  She said that I am never home.  Do
you think that I should tell her where I have been?
So, I guess that explains the blocked #'s that I have been getting on my
caller id!
Sorry,  I should have gone up to gas control this morning when I had still 
had the shakes.
Paul.Pfeffer@bakerbotts.com
03/21/2001 04:17 PM
Jeez, the stock dropped another 5 points.  Exactly how hung over were you,
and what did you touch that you were not supposed to?
That sounds good.  Let talk in the am.
Paul.Pfeffer@bakerbotts.com
03/21/2001 04:29 PM
Still want to try lunch tomorrow?
Sorry,  I should have gone up to gas control this morning when I had still
had the shakes.
Paul.Pfeffer@bake
cc:
03/21/2001 04:17         Subject:
PM
Jeez, the stock dropped another 5 points.  Exactly how hung over were you,
and what did you touch that you were not supposed to?
Ann,  I have completed the review of the comments to the Enfolio.  It might 
make the most sense to discuss these over the phone to get quicker 
resolution.  Are you available tommorrow afternoon to discuss the comments 
"Crawford, Ann"  	03/21/2001 11:37 AM
Hello Gerald,
Just a follow up note on the status of the review of our comments on the new
ENFOLIO.  Please give me a call or drop me a note.  I hope we can get the
contract settled.
I still have not heard what is happening with the credit side.  I have not
,
Ann
403-266-8425
- aecm.amc.ltr.enrn.doc
- DRAFT IN ENRN EDIT.doc
- DRAFT IN ENRN EDIT C.doc
Attached is a draft of the letter for Phillips Petroleum  that we discussed 
today.  Please review and let me know if you have any questions.
Clement,  The form of Kern River guaranty is attached at the end of this 
email.    This is the form we would use for both the ENA bid and the 5 other 
third parties who have submitted bid on behalf of ENA.   Please review.
Stephanie Miller@
03/20/2001 01:58 PM
Clement,
Per my voicemail, attached below is the Gty format for Kern River.  The info 
is as follows:
Entities: ENA and Kern River Gas Transmission Company
Amount: $1.2MM
Expiration: 6/30/2003
Address: Kern River Gas Transmission Company
Attention: Paula Lauritzen
2800 Post Oak Blvd.
Houston, TX  77056
Again, it is extremely important that this gty is issued prior to March 26th 
(next Monday), as that is the absolute deadline that Kern River is giving 
ENA.  Give me a call if you need any other info.
Thanks again,
Veronica
As discussed   Richard Fernandez 
Treasury Dept. 
Williams Gas Pipeline Company Ph: 713-215-3645 
Fax: 713-215-3648 
- KERNGTY.DOC
That sound cool.  I will schedule it up 
"Laura Gammell"  	03/21/2001 11:58 AM
Hey Gerald-
Ryan's big birthday is coming up this Tuesday, March 27th...wanted to get
some people together for a nice dinner downtown, around 7:00.  Please feel
free to bring Barbara along too!  I still need to make reservations at a
restaurant..if you can think of any place great, let me know.  Hope you guys
can make it!
ciao!
_________________________________________________________________
Would it be possible to do this call tomorrow afternoon?  About 1:30 or 2:00 
central time.  My morning is a little tight.
"Crawford, Ann"  	03/22/2001 12:26 PM
Gerald,
Keith McClelland (AMUS lawyer), Daniela Horth (Contract Administrator for
AEC Storage and Hub Services Inc. and Wild Goose Storage Inc.)  and I are
available tomorrow morning between 10 and 12 for a conference call.  I am
still trying to confirm that Ryan McGeachie (Credit Analyst) is available.
Does this time look okay for you?  Let me know and I can confirm everything
later today.
If you do have any written comments that would be useful for us to see
beforehand, please send them on to me by email or by fax (403-290-8479).
Thanks so much.
Ann
Ann,  I have completed the review of the comments to the Enfolio.  It might
make the most sense to discuss these over the phone to get quicker
resolution.  Are you available tommorrow afternoon to discuss the comments.
"Crawford,
aec.ca>              Subject:     FW: ENRON DRAFT
ENFOLIO AGREEMENT AND COMMENTS
03/21/2001
11:37 AM
Hello Gerald,
Just a follow up note on the status of the review of our comments on the
new
ENFOLIO.  Please give me a call or drop me a note.  I hope we can get the
contract settled.
I still have not heard what is happening with the credit side.  I have not
,
Ann
403-266-8425
(See attached file: aecm.amc.ltr.enrn.doc)
(See attached file: DRAFT IN ENRN EDIT.doc)
(See attached file: DRAFT IN ENRN EDIT C.doc)
Linda,  Arthur Anderson is conducted an audit of the subject entity and needs 
to obtain sign off from ENA Counsel that there is no pending litigation 
against this entity.  ECS Compression Company, LLC is owned approximately 10% 
by Enron Compression Services Company, which is 100% owned by ENA.  Attached 
is the form letter they want us to provide.  Can you review any issues with 
this LLC and have Richard Sanders sign off on this letter?  The letter needs 
to go to Jennifer Staton, who can be contacted at the cc email address.  Let 
me know if you need my help or have any questions.  Thanks.
Attached for review is a draft of the Gallup O&M Agreement.
Julie,  Steve forwarded your phone concerning the GTC for EOL transportation 
capacity.   Attached is the GTC I prepared for the EOL capacity release 
product.  Let me know if you have any questions.
FYI,  Forgot to cc you on this.
Gerald Nemec
03/22/2001 05:13 PM
Julie,  Steve forwarded your phone concerning the GTC for EOL transportation 
capacity.   Attached is the GTC I prepared for the EOL capacity release 
product.  Let me know if you have any questions.
Heather,  Attached is the ash handling agreement with revisions.  Please 
review.   I will be forwarding the coal handling agreement shortly.  The 
changes should be similar.
Redline of this document will follow.
Attached is the redline of the Ash Agreement.
Heather,  Attached are redlines of both the Coal Handling Agreement and the 
Ash Handling Agreement with revisions.  I made a few further changes to the 
Ash Handling Agreement in the Indemnity Section.  Please review and let me 
know if you have any questions.  Both docs do have a few questions inserted 
where I wasn't sure if the language accurately reflected our deal.  Sorry for 
the delay.
Thanks for the review.  A more formal response is not necessary at this 
time 
"Daniel Clearfield"  	03/23/2001 12:04 PM
Gerry, I've looked over the agreement and still don't believe that it raises 
any PUC regulatory issues.  If you need more (or a more formal version of 
this e-mail) please contact me.
Daniel Clearfield, Esq.
Wolf, Block, Schorr and Solis-Cohen LLP
212 Locust St., Suite 200
Harrisburg, PA  17101
(717) 237-7173
(717) 237-7161 fax
>>  Dan,  Per our discussion, attached is the Compressor Services Agreement
between Enron Compression Services Company  and Tennessee Gas Pipeline
Company.  This is a rough draft at this point, but should give you a good
idea of the structure of this deal.  Note that Section 3.4 will be removed
as this is no longer part of the deal.
(See attached file: EP comp agmt1.doc)
Stephanie Miller@
03/23/2001 02:57 PM
Please use the attached for the guarantees. Please prepare one for all eight 
participants.
Thanks
Eric Gillaspie
03/23/2001 04:40 PM
Stephanie,
Pursuant to Gerald Nemec's request I have attached the Guaranty Forms for 
your further handling 
Thanks,
Eric Gillaspie
713-345-7667
Enron Building 3886
My location is EB3883.  Thanks
Natalie Wells@
03/26/2001 08:08 AM
For hand delivery of your tickets, please provide an Enron location. 
If you prefer, we can Fed Ex your tickets to your home. There is an 
additional charge for this service.
Thanks,
Natalie
Gerald Nemec
03/23/2001 04:56 PM
Eric Gillaspie
03/23/2001 04:40 PM
Stephanie,
Pursuant to Gerald Nemec's request I have attached the Guaranty Forms for 
your further handling 
Thanks,
Eric Gillaspie
713-345-7667
Enron Building 3886
Jordan,  Attached is the latest structure.  This is still subject to change 
as AA has not yet approved.  The deal basically involves creating a new 
entity to take ownership of 2 existing Electric Compressor Motor Drivers and 
associated contracts which ECT currently owns.  The compressor motor drivers 
are supplied with electricity from the Navajo Tribal Utiltity Authority 
(NTUA).  ECT sells horsepower created by the motor drivers to Transwestern in 
exchange for $$ and MMBtus 
Lance Schuler will be working the finance portion of this project.  This is a 
2nd Quarter deal.  Would you expect anything less?  Please let me know who 
will be working on this from your group or call to discuss any questions Thanks.
Here it is G.
Attached are a clean and redline version of the revised docs.  Please review 
and let me know if you have any questions.
Hey Ernie!  Sorry I didn't get back with you Friday.  I left a little early, 
so I must have just missed your message.  Did you guys have a good time on 
Friday night?  How is everything going?
It has actually been thick around here.  Worked several late nights last week 
to try and get caught up.  I may have to delay the purchase of the new car 
with Enron's stock taking a hit lately.  It did gain some points on Friday 
and early today.  Hopefully it keeps it up.
Talked to George since his wedding?  Haven't heard anything out of him 
since.  Probably just overcome by marital bliss.
"Zavaleta, Ernie"  	03/23/2001 03:18 PM
Hey, what's going on?  My brother-in-law and a friend of his are
flying into town tonight?  We're going to head over to Gilians (sp?), a
place that is supposed to be like Dave & Buster's.  We'll prob get there at
about 10:00.  We thought we'd hang there for a while and then head to the
downtown area and find dome kind of bar.  A couple of other friends of mine
from  B-school will be joining us, I thought you might want to as well.  Are
you game?
Write back or give me a call H: 281-251-6398, cell: 281-687-6893.
I'm leaving work in a few minutes if I don't respond to any email.
later,
E
Gerald.Nemec@
02/26/2001 01:39 PM
Ernie,  Thanks for taking care of that.   I will probably be getting
into
Austin earlier than you.  I'll have my cell phone with me.  (281)
772-9250.
If you get into town earlier, give me a call.  Otherwise why don't
you just
call me at the room when you get to the hotel.   Sounds great, we'll
ride
over together.  I might bring this girl I have kinda been seeing
with me.
My latest victim.  We'll see.    I believe that's correct.  The
wedding is
at 7.
Thanks for the Dilliards tip.  I was going to ask about that.
G
Ernie.J.Zavaleta@fr
02/26/2001 12:09 PM        Subject:     2nd
Hotel Room Confirmation
Gerald,
Good news - we were able to get the second room at the same $129
rate.
Below
you'll see two separate confirmation numbers - I don't think it
matters
which
one you or I use.  When you check in, just claim one of them.
They're both
on
my card so you can transfer to yours at check-in.
I'm not sure what time we'll get there since we'll be coming from
SA.  I
estimate we'll get there at about 5:00 (the wedding is at 7:00
right?)
We'll
actually be traveling to SA on Friday since some of Jill's family
from the
Valley will be there as well.
If we're not in contact before then, let's just plan on meeting at
the
hotel
sometime between 6:00 and 6:30.  We can drive over to the wedding
together
from
there.
In case you didn't know, they're registered at Dillard's - we got
him a
gift
yesterday, still plenty of items on the list.
E
Suzanne Mercer   02/26/2001 11:58 AM
TO: FRITO LAY / PEPSI
ERNIE ZAVALETA
100 GLENBOROUGH DT
SUITE 1200
HOUSTON TX 77067
FOR: ZAVALETA/ERNIE          REF: FRIT-0046000
HOTEL
03MAR   AUSTIN            MARRIOTT HOTELS
SAT                      MARRIOTT AUSTIN CAPITAL
701 EAST 11TH STREET
AUSTIN TX 78701
FONE 512-478-1111
FAX  512-478-3700
1 NIGHT       1 ROOM       OUT-04MAR
LEISURE RATE
RATE-129.00USD PER NIGHT
CANCEL BY 06P DAY OF ARRIVAL
GUARANTEED LATE ARRIVAL
CONFIRMATION 82747164
RQST KING BED NON SMOKING
HOTEL
AUSTIN            MARRIOTT HOTELS
MARRIOTT AUSTIN CAPITAL
701 EAST 11TH STREET
AUSTIN TX 78701
FONE 512-478-1111
FAX  512-478-3700
1 NIGHT       1 ROOM       OUT-04MAR
LEISURE RATE
RATE-129.00USD PER NIGHT
CANCEL BY 06P DAY OF ARRIVAL
GUARANTEED LATE ARRIVAL
CONFIRMATION 82413250
RQT NONSMOKING
IMPORTANT      AIRLINE SECURITY REQUEST A 60 MINUTES FOR CHECK-IN.
GOVERNMENT ISSUED PHOTO ID IS REQUIRED BY AIRLINE.
AIRFARES ARE PER PERSON AND SUBJ. TO CHANGE UNTIL TKT/D
PLEASE REVIEW ITINERARY IMMEDIATELY UPON RECEIPT
IF YOU HAVE QUESTIONS, CONTACT THE LEISURE TRAVEL
DEPARTMENT BY EMAIL OR PHONE   972-334-5055 OR 800-776-8009, MON-FRI 8A-5P CST, OR
CONTACT YOUR AIRLINE DIRECT FOR EMERGENCY ASSISTANCE.
How was the big weekend in Vegas?  I usually don't have to much luck at 
gambling but I like to do it nonetheless.  Did you win any money on the 
fight?  I had a blast the last time I went.  We stayed at the Paris hotel Very nice.  All those hotel employees saying "Bon Jeur" every 5 minutes did 
get a little tiring though.
Stephanie,  Attached is the form for the Hunt to Misako assignment.
Attached is clean and redlined version of the Misako letter agreement with 
revisions.  Please review and if ok have Misako execute 
Please see attached.  I added an agreement by Hunt to assign their PA to 
Misako.
Brant,  Attached are the Master Firm agreement that Debra prepared based on 
your credit worksheet.  I removed the form of Guaranty since we use a 
different form for the Bridgeline Holdings, L.P.   and I wasn't sure if we 
would need a JV guaranty for any of these deals 
Please review and let me know if you have any questions.
I'll be there at 7:00.  Barbara is planning on going, but will probably be 
late.  Around 8:00.  She likely just meet us for drinks.  Is that a problem?
"Laura Gammell"  	03/26/2001 12:56 PM
I made reservations at the Red Cat Jazz Cafe, 924 Congress between Main and
Travis for 7:00 p.m. tomorrow night.  One catch...if everyone is not there
by 7:15 p.m. then they will yank our reservation because they have live
music and need the tables or something sketchy like that.  Anyway, see you
tomorrow...oh I included a reservation for Barbara so let me know if she
can't make it.
_________________________________________________________________
How is it going?  Did you survive the honeymoon 
Clement,  Attached is the Enron Corp. guaranty for Transco's transportation 
agreement.  We revised the interest language to make it clear we are not 
subject to double interest and put in a limited performance guaranty for the 
Company's execution of the transportation agreements.
Please  review and let me know if you have questions.
That's fine.  I don't think we had anything planned for Thursday 
"Laura Gammell"  	03/27/2001 11:27 AM
Hey there-
Ryan has not been feeling well all weekend and still isn't...so
unfortunately we were thinking of moving the dinner to this Thursday.  I
really hope that still works for you guys.  I don't think Ryan knows you
guys are coming, but had indicated a while ago how fun it would be to have
dinner with everyone...so I was still going to try and keep it a surprise.
Please let me know if that's still okay so I can change the reservation.
Thanks.
_________________________________________________________________
What do you need from me?  It is not clear from your note. 
Marlene Hilliard
10/08/99 08:52 AM
On or about September 23, 1999 a request for service was placed by the above 
referenced counterparty.  The request was for a Intrastate Gas Transportation 
Agreement and 311 Gas Transportation Agreement.  These agreements were 
forwarded to the counterparty, CCNG, Inc..  On or about October 6, 1999 Kelly Cloud, Senior Vice President of CCNG, Inc. (713) 235-1972, called and 
informed me that the counterparty should be CCGM, L.P..  Further, she 
informed me that Section 7 of the agreement, which reads  in part: Gas is 
free from liens and adverse claims of every kind, should be changed because 
the gas that the counterparty will be transporting on HPL may and/or  is 
subject to liens.  She was instructed to destroy the agreement and another 
would be forwarded to her with the necessary corrections and re-wording of 
Section 7.
Attached find the agreements for the necessary changes in Section 7.  Kelly 
Cloud has instructed me to call with any further questions. 
Thanks.
Marlene D. Hilliard
Ginny,  Please see the attached guaranty.  A clean and redlined version are 
attached.  I revised the language based on our discussions and added the 
language concerning interest which we had both previously approved.  We are 
OK to execute this form.  Let me know if acceptable and I will go ahead and 
execute.  Thanks.
"Townsend, George"  	03/27/2001 09:11 AM
Puto,
What's going on dude? Antigua was awesome. I survived it without a problem.
Heather moving in has been a different story. I didn't realize how much
"stuff" you could pack into a one bedroom apartment. How is your love life.
The gal from the wedding was pretty hot. Are you still chasing that? Lets
get together soon. Our extra bedroom is nicer now. My old bed got tossed in
a dumpster. It smelled like shit.
Talk to you later
GT
How is it going?  Did you survive the honeymoon?
These look fine to me.  Go ahead and forward to Brant if you are ready.
Debra Perlingiere
03/27/2001 01:58 PM
Revised  Article 4.6
Debra Perlingiere
Yes,  Please send them to me for my review.  Also please copy Nick 
Cocavesis.  My fax number is (713) 646-3490 
"KELLY FLEURIOT"  	03/27/2001 04:03 PM
Dear Mr. Nemec
PCS has some proposed revisions to the Professional Services Agreement
between Enron and PCS.  Would I need to forward these to your attention for
review?  If so, can you please advise what your fax number is and I will only
fax the pages that have changes.
Thank you.
Kelly Fleuriot
Project Consulting Services, Inc.
kfleuriot@hou.projectconsulting.com
Phone:  713-952-7380
Fax:      713-952-7082
Dutch,  Attached is a draft GTC for the storage product we discussed.  Please 
review.  There are a few areas in the doc. which I have highlighted for 
question.  The business terms probably need to be flushed out a little more I would be happy to discuss this with the appropriate individuals at your 
convenience.  Sorry for the delay.
Brian Hendon/ENRON@Xgate
03/28/2001 12:39 PM
_________________________________________________________________
Russell,  I reviewed this with our business guys and they were fine with what 
you represent here.  We did not check this with Tom Balcerowiz and he needs 
to take a look at it.  Have your technical people gotten with Tom yet on any 
of these issues?  If not then we can run it down on this end 
Our only concern was that reliability between Gulf's 230 kv system and AEC's 
115 kv system was not addressed.  It was our understanding that this was a 
question of the PSC staff.  Are there plans to provide any information 
concerning this item, or is no information available from AEC for such 
assessment?
Any word concerning WFEC's response to our petition or any filings they have 
made with the PSC?
"Russell A. Badders"  	03/21/2001 09:35 AM
Please review the attached document.? Mr.  Bryant and possibly Tom on your 
end may want to see this before it goes.? I  hope to transmit this to PSC 
Staff Thursday March 21, 2001.?  Thanks
Russell
- staffissue.doc.doc
Darren,   Please prepare a credit ticket for Sierra Pacific Power Company Per Russell Diamonds request, I am forwarding this to your attention. Let me 
know if you need anything else 
"David E Deutsch"  	03/28/2001 04:54 PM
"anjanette 59"
my trial period ran out so i can no longer view photos, so you may send one
if you like...here's one of me.....do you miss ny?
(See attached file: headshot.jpg)
- headshot.jpg
Darren,  Since the Master is an old vintage, we are amending to reflect the 
current version and specifically any credit revisions that are necessary The old master was only set up for 6 month or less term deals with volumes of 
15,000 MMBtu or less.
Darren Vanek/ENRON@Xgate
03/28/2001 04:02 PM
Gerald,
Russell informed me that we are amending the current Master Physical that we 
have with them. Since I am just being informed of any changes, I would like 
to know the purpose for the ammendment. 
-Darren
31436
Darren,   Please prepare a credit ticket for Sierra Pacific Power Company Per Russell Diamonds request, I am forwarding this to your attention. Let me 
know if you need anything else 
Give me a call.
Ken,  I made a few tweaks.  Attached are the revised docs.
I'll will be around.  Give me a call before you come up.
Ken Loch@
03/28/2001 05:57 PM
Thank you,
Will you be around tomorrow before lunch for an initial?
Kenn
5-8962
Chris,  Sorry for delay.  We plan on making a decision a getting back with 
the candidates no later than April 6th 
"Christopher Knudsen"  	03/27/2001 04:40 PM
Mr. Nemec,
?
???? My name is Chris Knudsen and? I? interviewed with you on Thursday, March 
15th in respect to the Summer Clerkship position at Enron.? I am now trying 
to solidify?my summer plans,?as well as studying for finals, and I was 
wondering when I might find out about the position for this summer?? I would 
greatly appreciate hearing?from you. 
?
Thanks again for the opportunity?of speaking with you on the?15th ?
????? Sincerely, 
????????????? Chris Knudsen
?
??????????????3210 Ashmont Ln.
??????????????Missouri City, Texas 77459
????????????? (713) 557-5212
Barry,  Attached is a draft of the confirm for the Sierra Deal.  This confirm 
reflect only the volumes related to Package Two.  The confirm for package one 
would be indentical to this one with term and volumes revised.  As we 
discussed this confirm, does not reflect the revisions needed to the existing 
master.  Please review and let's discuss.
Debra,  Darren Should be sending you two credit tickets for these entities I will prepare the confirms for the Nevada Power Co. Master.   Thanks.
Barry Tycholiz@
03/29/2001 11:14 AM
Gerald, I have discussed the papering of this transaction with SPPC and NPC 
and we will proceed with the raising of a Master Firm agreement between ENA 
and each of these co's. 
This specific sale will be papered under Nevada Power Co. so let's proceed 
with that paper being the lead.
I will review the confirm you sent, but re-issue under the premise that the 
confirm is being raised to the new master. 
Thanks.  BT 
Barry,  Attached are the Master Firm agreement for both Sierra Pacific and 
Nevada.  If you are OK with these, we can foward to them for their review As soon you provide any comments on the Transaction Agreement, I can finalize 
them under the Nevada Power master agreement 
Debra Perlingiere
03/29/2001 02:47 PM
Debra Perlingiere
FYI.
"Russell A. Badders"  	03/29/2001 03:40 PM
The information was sent to the FPSC staff on Tuesday, March 27, 2000.  Tom
did review the document prior to it being sent to the FPSC.  Gulf added a
small paragraph regarding the outages experienced on our 230kV system.  We
do not have access to AEC's information.  Thus, far we have seen no filings
from AEC or WFEC.
Russell A. Badders
Russell,  I reviewed this with our business guys and they were fine with
what you represent here.  We did not check this with Tom Balcerowiz and he
needs to take a look at it.  Have your technical people gotten with Tom yet
on any of these issues?  If not then we can run it down on this end.
Our only concern was that reliability between Gulf's 230 kv system and
AEC's 115 kv system was not addressed.  It was our understanding that this
was a question of the PSC staff.  Are there plans to provide any
information concerning this item, or is no information available from AEC
for such assessment?
Any word concerning WFEC's response to our petition or any filings they
have made with the PSC?
"Russell A.
03/21/2001
09:35 AM
Please review the attached document. Mr.  Bryant and possibly Tom on your
end may want to see this before it goes. I  hope to transmit this to PSC
Staff Thursday March 21, 2001.   Thanks
Russell
(See attached file: staffissue.doc.doc)
I will be attending.
jennifer.m.erich@exxonmobil.com
03/29/2001 03:57 PM
Reminder!!  The Coed Shower/Fiesta for Ryan and Laura is THIS Saturday at
6pm.  Directions are below.   Thanks to those who have RSVP'd, if you have
not please do so by tomorrow afternoon!  The couple is registered at Crate
and Barrel, Bed, Bath and Beyond and Dillards.  Otherwise bring a goofy,
raunchy, or totally inappropriate gift of your choice!  This will be great
fun!  See you Saturday!
Call if you have questions:  713-520-5812
-Jennifer
Jennifer M. Erich
ExxonMobil
Production
WGR 568
p. 713-431-1847
f. 713-431-1482
Jennifer M
Morse/mjmorse/Americas/Exxon@c-Americas8, D.L. (Daniel)
Feuerbach/dlfeuer/Americas/Exxon@c-Americas11, M .A. (Mike)
Tryggestad/matrygg/Americas/Exxon@c-Americas12,
eric.gillaspie@, 
gerald.nemec@,
jgillaspieCI3@netzero.net, 
crankin50@netzero.net,
laura@curtiswindam.com, 
christina@curtiswindham.com,
catredd@altavista.com, 
ecunni4204@aol.com, cynthia.sanmarco@cox.com,
Alexander 
Martinez/a9marti/Americas/Exxon@c-Americas7
cc:     Andrew D. 
Erich/aderich/Americas/Exxon@c-Americas5, Carrie E
Nolan/U-Houston/ExxonMobil@xom
Subject:     Coed Shower for Ryan 
and Laura
You are invited to attend a "Coed Shower" for Ryan Ruppert and Laura
Gammell to celebrate the couple's upcoming nuptials.  Ryan and Laura are
going to be wed on May 5th, that's right.... Cinco de Mayo!  In honor of
the Cinco de Mayo wedding, Mexican style snacks and drinks will be served.
It will be quite a FIESTA 
Where:  Carrie Nolan's Apartment
When:  Saturday March 31st, 6pm What:  Feel free to bring a gag gift or traditional gift or just show up to
wish them well!
Please RSVP to this e-mail by March 25th:  jennifer.m.erich@exxonmobil.com
Directions to Carrie's:
Get to W. Alabama and Kirby somehow...boat, bike, motorhome Go North on Kirby ONE BLOCK to Steel St (Directly across from Whole Foods),
take a Left on Steel St.  First Apt bldg on Right...#2626!  713-524-8511
Jennifer M. Erich
US West- Frio Trend
ExxonMobil
Production
WGR 568
p. 713-431-1847
f. 713-431-1482
We can go ahead and prepare the termination letter, but it looks like Cheryl 
has some issues to flush out before we officialy terminate that tower lease.
jdgriffith@aep.com
03/29/2001 05:18 PM
Hello, Cheryl
I would like to better understand the issues before we make any decisions.
Can you please provide us with the details of this issue.  What is the call
sign of the HPL Licenses that we are talking about?  What type of equipment
are we talking about? (i.e. MW,  MAS, and/or Conventional Radio)  What
personnel or group is the equipment supporting?  What are the full list of
compliance issues on this?
Ryan Terry is with an external firm providing services to AEP and Enron in
assisting in filing of the necessary "Transfer of Control" Documents with
the FCC.   Depending on what the issues are Ryan and his firm may provide
counsel concerning this matter, but the decision to remedy these issues
and/or to cancel the license and remove the equipment will need to be made
by AEP, Enron and HPL personnel.
Bests Jason D. Griffith
Manager, Wireless Engineering
614-223-1909 Tel
Cheryl.Marshall
Hello, Ryan.  I got your e-mail address from Kevin Dumas.  I want to
discuss with you an issue we have at a tower lease site.  HPL is currently
leasing tower space from REB Communications in Gilmer, Texas.  Our
operator, HMS, discovered this week that the tower was not in compliance
with FCC regulations.  The most critical issue is that the tower lights do
not appear to be functional.  HMS has recommended that HPL remove it's
equipment from the tower and  cancel our FCC license immediately.
I would like to protect the interests of both HPL and AEP, and I would
appreciate your suggestion on what to do with the equipment licence.  I do
not want to do anything to jeopardize the closing of the HPL sale.  Please
call me at 713.853.6250, or e-mail me at cheryl.marshall@, so we
can discuss this issue.
Cheryl Marshall
03/29/2001 06:11 PM
I spoke with Jason Griffith with AEP this evening, and I want to clarify my 
previous e-mail message.  The operation/business issues that we have at the 
Gilmer tower are under control.  The tower has problems with its lighting 
system, and it does not have its FAA license posted.  As lessee, HPL did not 
want to be exposed to the potential fines that the FAA/FCC could levy against 
the tower owner 
This tower supports one person, and is not a part of our critical data path My concern and reason for sending the prior e-mail revolved around the FCC 
licenses associated with the HPL owned equipment on this tower.  My knowledge 
about FCC licenses is minimal, and I wanted to ensure that removing the 
equipment from this tower would not jeopardize the transfer of the licences 
from Enron to AEP.  It is my understanding that the current operational 
situation at the Gilmer tower will not effect the transfer of the licences 
that are specific to this tower.  Please let me know if this is not the 
case.  Feel free to call me if you have any questions.
Sincerely,
Cheryl Marshall
cheryl.marshall@
713.853.6250  
How bout them Horns? Give me a call when you get a chance.
Barry,  Attached are both confirms for the Nevada Power master with the 
changes we discussed yesterday.  Please review and if acceptable, please 
forward Nevada Power.
I am also re-attaching the Masters for both Sierra and Nevada.  No changes 
were made to the masters.
Have you guys received any information from Gulf Power concerning regular 
updates on the construction?  Jeff indicated that Gulf would be willing to 
provide updates monthly.  If we haven't heard from Gulf, we need to push them 
to provide this info.
Please see the attached.    John,  I think the only other issue was inserting 
the reference to Paragraph 6 in both Paragraphs 8 and 9.
Let me know if you have any questions.
Per your notes.
Robert Walker
03/30/2001 10:31 AM
Here is the amendment we used.
CCGROOVES@aol.com
03/30/2001 03:44 PM
Hi Gerald.
Here it is 
Cathy
2001 17:43:02 1900
We own them. Here's the info Baby ?
Lovin you ?
Missin you ?
Jeff
?
?JEFF  GILLASPIE????????????????????????  GILLASPIE/JEFFREY  
A ?P.O. BOX  7134?????????????????????????  CLARKE/CATHLEEN  
M ?HOUSTON TX?  77007 
?MAR 28 2001???  ITIN????????? AGENT  CODE:1KN7DJ???? CUSTOMER CODE:ILLAS-JEF
?06 JUN  01 - WEDNESDAY
? NORTHWST AIR FLIGHT:  6007???????????????  CLASS: Q???? CONFIRMED 
? LV:?  HOUSTON/INTCON??????????????????????  1200N??????????????  NONSTOP ? ARR:  TOKYO/NARITA?????????????????????????  335P??????????????  MILES: 6642
? AIRCRAFT: BOEING 777  JET????????????????????????????????  FLT. TIME: 13:35
?  LUNCH-DINNER 
?07 JUN 01 - THURSDAY 
? NORTHWST AIR FLIGHT:??  11???????????????  CLASS: Q???? CONFIRMED 
? LV:?  TOKYO/NARITA?????????????????????????  635P??????????????  NONSTOP ? ARR:  SHANGHAI/PUDON???????????????????????  835P??????????????  MILES: 1119
? AIRCRAFT: BOEING 747  JET????????????????????????????????  FLT. TIME:? 3:00
?  DINNER 
?16 JUN 01 - SATURDAY 
? NORTHWST AIR FLIGHT:  5985???????????????  CLASS: Q???? CONFIRMED 
? LV:?  SHANGHAI/PUDON???????????????????????  550P??????????????  NONSTOP ? ARR: SAN  FRANCISCO????????????????????????  105P??????????????  MILES: 6151
? AIRCRAFT: BOEING 747  JET????????????????????????????????  FLT. TIME: 10:15
?  DINNER-BREAKFAST 
? NORTHWST AIR FLIGHT:  6442???????????????  CLASS: Q???? CONFIRMED 
? LV:? SAN  FRANCISCO????????????????????????  300P??????????????  NONSTOP ? ARR:  HOUSTON/INTCON???????????????????????  831P??????????????  MILES: 1635
? AIRCRAFT: BOEING 757  JET????????????????????????????????  FLT. TIME:? 3:31
?  SNACK??????????????????????????  SEAT-14D14E 
?**RATES SUBJECT TO CHANGE UNTIL BOOKED AND  TICKETED ?FARE QUOTED $812.60? PER PERSON. RATE INCLUDES ALL TAXES AND  FEES ?THANK YOU FOR CALLING TRAVEL  INC ?A GOVERNMENT ISSUED PHOTO ID IS REQUIRED TO BOARD ALL  FLIGHTS 
CCGROOVES@aol.com
03/30/2001 03:44 PM
Hi Gerald.
Here it is 
Cathy
2001 17:43:02 1900
We own them. Here's the info Baby ?
Lovin you ?
Missin you ?
Jeff
?
?JEFF  GILLASPIE????????????????????????  GILLASPIE/JEFFREY  
A ?P.O. BOX  7134?????????????????????????  CLARKE/CATHLEEN  
M ?HOUSTON TX?  77007 
?MAR 28 2001???  ITIN????????? AGENT  CODE:1KN7DJ???? CUSTOMER CODE:ILLAS-JEF
?06 JUN  01 - WEDNESDAY
? NORTHWST AIR FLIGHT:  6007???????????????  CLASS: Q???? CONFIRMED 
? LV:?  HOUSTON/INTCON??????????????????????  1200N??????????????  NONSTOP ? ARR:  TOKYO/NARITA?????????????????????????  335P??????????????  MILES: 6642
? AIRCRAFT: BOEING 777  JET????????????????????????????????  FLT. TIME: 13:35
?  LUNCH-DINNER 
?07 JUN 01 - THURSDAY 
? NORTHWST AIR FLIGHT:??  11???????????????  CLASS: Q???? CONFIRMED 
? LV:?  TOKYO/NARITA?????????????????????????  635P??????????????  NONSTOP ? ARR:  SHANGHAI/PUDON???????????????????????  835P??????????????  MILES: 1119
? AIRCRAFT: BOEING 747  JET????????????????????????????????  FLT. TIME:? 3:00
?  DINNER 
?16 JUN 01 - SATURDAY 
? NORTHWST AIR FLIGHT:  5985???????????????  CLASS: Q???? CONFIRMED 
? LV:?  SHANGHAI/PUDON???????????????????????  550P??????????????  NONSTOP ? ARR: SAN  FRANCISCO????????????????????????  105P??????????????  MILES: 6151
? AIRCRAFT: BOEING 747  JET????????????????????????????????  FLT. TIME: 10:15
?  DINNER-BREAKFAST 
? NORTHWST AIR FLIGHT:  6442???????????????  CLASS: Q???? CONFIRMED 
? LV:? SAN  FRANCISCO????????????????????????  300P??????????????  NONSTOP ? ARR:  HOUSTON/INTCON???????????????????????  831P??????????????  MILES: 1635
? AIRCRAFT: BOEING 757  JET????????????????????????????????  FLT. TIME:? 3:31
?  SNACK??????????????????????????  SEAT-14D14E 
?**RATES SUBJECT TO CHANGE UNTIL BOOKED AND  TICKETED ?FARE QUOTED $812.60? PER PERSON. RATE INCLUDES ALL TAXES AND  FEES ?THANK YOU FOR CALLING TRAVEL  INC ?A GOVERNMENT ISSUED PHOTO ID IS REQUIRED TO BOARD ALL  FLIGHTS 
Barbara, The attached doc. contains a comparison of Houston Law Firm pay for 
associates.  This chart has the base salary only without any bonuses 
included.  I pulled this from FindLaw.com.  Let me know if you have any 
questions or want to discuss.
Eggcellent!!!  Yes, I did have your watch.  However, due to lean times on the 
Nemec ranch, I was forced to see what the cash equivalent of your watch would 
be.  Does $10 sound fair.  Anyway I took the ten bucks, which thankfully 
acounted for both my beers last night.   Chalk up another one to the Nemec 
leisure activity fund 
"Waldrop, Barbara (CBI-Houston)"  	04/03/2001 12:09 PM
Will you help me decorate an egg? 
By the way, have you seen my watch laying around your house?? I am thinking 
that I left it over there Sunday night. 
Thanks 
Okay, we have decided to have an EASTER EGG decorating contest! 
You decorate your own egg - don't go buy a decorated one! 
Judging will be at the BBQ & prizes will be won ... 1st, 2nd and 3rd place 
honors! 
So, be creative! 
Kim Sachan 
Office & HR Manager 
Cox Radio Houston 
KHPT-KKBQ-KLDE-KTHT 
Direct:? 713-963-1231? Fax: 713-963-1212 
Attached is a rough draft of the pricing letter for Kennedy Oil on the excess 
gas volumes.  Please review and add the relevant pricing structure.  Let me 
know if you have any questions.
Mary Ogden on 10/12/99 08:38:19 AM
The National Transportation Safety Board recently divulged a highly secret
plan they had funded with the U.S. auto makers for the past five-years. The
NTSB covertly funded a project whereby the auto makers were installing
black boxes in four wheel drive pick-up trucks in an effort to determine, in
fatal accidents, the circumstances in the last 15 seconds before the crash.
They were surprised to find in 49 of the 50 states the last words of
drivers in 61.2% of fatal crashes were, "Oh, Sh*t!" Only the state of Texas 
was
different, where 89.3% of the final words were, "Hey Y'all, watch this!"
Jenn,  Here is Jeff and Cathy's flight info.  Mine and Babs are the same 
except for the first legs to Tokyo.  We go from Houston to Minneapolis to the 
city the Godzilla destroyed.  I.e. Tokyo.  Then we catch the same flights 
from Tokyo to Shanghai.  We have the same return flights.
?
?JEFF  GILLASPIE????????????????????????  GILLASPIE/JEFFREY  
A ?P.O. BOX  7134?????????????????????????  CLARKE/CATHLEEN  
M ?HOUSTON TX?  77007 
?MAR 28 2001???  ITIN????????? AGENT  CODE:1KN7DJ???? CUSTOMER CODE:ILLAS-JEF
?06 JUN  01 - WEDNESDAY
? NORTHWST AIR FLIGHT:  6007???????????????  CLASS: Q???? CONFIRMED 
? LV:?  HOUSTON/INTCON??????????????????????  1200N??????????????  NONSTOP ? ARR:  TOKYO/NARITA?????????????????????????  335P??????????????  MILES: 6642
? AIRCRAFT: BOEING 777  JET????????????????????????????????  FLT. TIME: 13:35
?  LUNCH-DINNER 
?07 JUN 01 - THURSDAY 
? NORTHWST AIR FLIGHT:??  11???????????????  CLASS: Q???? CONFIRMED 
? LV:?  TOKYO/NARITA?????????????????????????  635P??????????????  NONSTOP ? ARR:  SHANGHAI/PUDON???????????????????????  835P??????????????  MILES: 1119
? AIRCRAFT: BOEING 747  JET????????????????????????????????  FLT. TIME:? 3:00
?  DINNER 
?16 JUN 01 - SATURDAY 
? NORTHWST AIR FLIGHT:  5985???????????????  CLASS: Q???? CONFIRMED 
? LV:?  SHANGHAI/PUDON???????????????????????  550P??????????????  NONSTOP ? ARR: SAN  FRANCISCO????????????????????????  105P??????????????  MILES: 6151
? AIRCRAFT: BOEING 747  JET????????????????????????????????  FLT. TIME: 10:15
?  DINNER-BREAKFAST 
? NORTHWST AIR FLIGHT:  6442???????????????  CLASS: Q???? CONFIRMED 
? LV:? SAN  FRANCISCO????????????????????????  300P??????????????  NONSTOP ? ARR:  HOUSTON/INTCON???????????????????????  831P??????????????  MILES: 1635
? AIRCRAFT: BOEING 757  JET????????????????????????????????  FLT. TIME:? 3:31
?  SNACK??????????????????????????  SEAT-14D14E 
?**RATES SUBJECT TO CHANGE UNTIL BOOKED AND  TICKETED ?FARE QUOTED $812.60? PER PERSON. RATE INCLUDES ALL TAXES AND  FEES ?THANK YOU FOR CALLING TRAVEL  INC ?A GOVERNMENT ISSUED PHOTO ID IS REQUIRED TO BOARD ALL  FLIGHTS 
Bill,  Attached is our reponse to the letter we received from AEC.  I made a 
few changes to Chris's version.  Please review and let me know if you have 
any suggestions.  If possible, we would like to send this out today.
Pat,  Can you get with Taffy to obtain the boxes and labels for moving. =20
Thanks
=09Taffy Milligan
=0904/02/2001 03:13 PM
=09=09=20
Below is a list of the people that will be moving on  the evening of=20
Wednesday, April 4. =20
If you need boxes contact 36300.  Please have every thing packed and ready to=20
move by 5:00 pm.  The move team will furnish an envelope containing labels=20
for your use.=20
NAME=09FROM=09TO
Blaine, Michelle**=093AC1934=093820
Brownfeld, Gail**=093AC1926=093819
George, Carolyn=093821=093836A
Goode, Diane=093876C=093833
Guinn, Linda =093844=093829A
Haas, Merrill=093876B=093830
Hearn, Ed* (Mickey Mouse)=093880D=093844
Heinitz, Mary=093820=093836
Keesler, Martha=093814=093829
Korkmas, Deborah=093819=093834A
Lauterbach, Elizabeth=093818=093851B
Maxwell, Matthew=093875A=093830A
Meraz, Claudia* (Winners)=093851B=093821A
Nemec, Gerald=093883=093874A
Simmons, Linda* (Shadow)=093821A=093833A
Truss, Stephanie**=093AC1936=093821
Young, Kay=093880B=093834
LAN Printer* =01) JAWS=093848=093829B
LAN Printer*=01) TULIP=093858F=093829B
*  Network printer
** New phone installation.  Telephone numbers will be furnisthed upon=20
completion of move. =20
Please feel free to contact me at X57373 if you have any questions pertaining=20
to the scheduled move.
,
Taffy Milligan
Attached are the contracts for the Kennedy and Quantum excess gas purchase The confirms will be signed by the parties and governed by the GTC.  The 
attached GTC is the same for both confirms.  Note the Exhibit A to each 
confirm is not attached.  I will simply take the well listing Exhibit's from 
the existing long term contracts to create these new exhibits.
I want to move to the new garage.  Let me know what I need to do. Thanks.
Parking & Transportation@
Sent by: DeShonda Hamilton@
03/28/2001 04:07 PM
The Enron Center garage will be opening very soon.
Employees who work for business units that are scheduled to move to the new 
building and currently park in the Allen Center or Met garages are being 
offered a parking space in the new Enron Center garage.
This is the only offer you will receive during the initial migration to the 
new garage. Spaces will be filled on a first come first served basis. The 
cost for the new garage will be the same as Allen Center garage which is 
currently $165.00 per month, less the company subsidy, leaving a monthly 
employee cost of $94.00.
If you choose not to accept this offer at this time, you may add your name to 
the Enron Center garage waiting list at a later day and offers will be made 
as spaces become available. 
The Saturn Ring  that connects the garage and both buildings will not be 
opened until summer 2001. All initial parkers will have to use the street 
level entrance to Enron Center North until Saturn Ring access is available. 
Garage stairways next to the elevator lobbies at each floor may be used as an 
exit in the event of elevator trouble. 
If you are interested in accepting this offer, please reply via email to 
Parking and Transportation as soon as you reach a decision. Following your 
email, arrangements will be made for you to turn in your old parking card and 
receive a parking transponder along with a new information packet for the new 
garage.
The Parking and Transportation desk may be reached via email at Parking and 
Transportation/Corp/Enron or 713-853-7060  with any questions. 
(You must enter & exit on Clay St. the first two weeks, also pedestrians, 
will have to use the garage stairwell located on the corner of Bell & Smith.)
We lightened the tone significantly.  Let's discuss.
Please replace the prior version with these.  I added some Wyoming Royalty 
Statute language in both confirms.  Let me know if you have any questions.
Ken,  I have read through the agreement.  I think this agreement need some 
fairly significant revisions.  It is extremely one-sided as currently 
written.  I will write up my comments and get those to you early next week.
"Ken"  	04/06/2001 11:22 AM
Please respond to kckrisa
Gerald,
Have you had a chance to look at the Compressor Rental Agreement for the
Badger Wash Gas Plant?
Ken Krisa
Ozzie,  Steve Van Hooser forwarded two agreement for electric service from 
CP&L for the Elizabethtown and the Lumbertown cogen facilities for my 
review.  I have reviewed the documents and they are standard tariff type 
service agreements.  There are two items to which I would like to draw your 
attention.  These deals look to have a 10 year term since they are being 
served from Transmission Service 
1.  If Customer terminate earlier, there would be a termination payment equal 
to the loss in salvage value of the facilities used to serve the Customer Not sure what this value is, but might be significant, depending on what 
facilities CP&L would install to serve these plants.
2.  There is a minimum bill each month that Customer would have to pay, even 
if there was no usage of power by Customer.
If you are OK with these issues, I will initial the agreements and forward 
these  to you for signature. 
Please contact me at x33512 if you would like to discuss.
Barry,  Attached is the form of assignment that we can use for assignment of 
all the Transportation Agreement to ENA.  Let me know if you have any 
questions.
Please hold these until Barbara Gray has reviewed the limitation of liability 
language  Thanks.
Darren,  Per our discussion, attached are the confirms for the Nevada Power 
transaction for the Firm GTC in lieu of the master.  After review, lets 
discuss the credit provisions we need to insert into the GTC.
Barry,  Attached is the GTC form without any revisions for any credit 
language.  Darren will be getting back with me shortly on the credit issues.
Julie is checking with Kern and the modification to their assignment 
agreement and whether they will prepare the assignments.  If I am to prepare 
the assignments I will need the Transportation Service Agreement information 
(volume, contract #, contract date)  for each shipper.
Barry Tycholiz@
04/09/2001 03:49 PM
gerald, pls change the contract price to monthy index minus $ .42 US/mmbtu on 
both agreements and resend. 
Paul.Pfeffer@bakerbotts.com
04/09/2001 04:02 PM
Did I forward this to you before?  It's cool.
Linda,  I have reviewed the form of Master Construction Agreement and have 
approved its use in this project.  Please let me know if you have any further 
questions.
Per your voice mail.
Julie,  The attached spreadsheet contains all the parties and volumes, but I 
am still missing some contract numbers.  The Denver office is trying to round 
up that info.  Kern probably has all the contract numbers and could fill 
those in. 
The attached schedule has all the contract numbers.  Let me know if you have 
any questions.
jennifer-gillaspie@reliantenergy.com
These are the latest versions. of the Sierra confirms.
Gerald Nemec
04/09/2001 06:12 PM
Per your voice mail.
FYI,   Haven't seen Drew's markups yet.
I am sending you simultaneously a markup of the Gallup contracts.  To save 
some time, attached is the insert for the conversion agreement.  Thanks.  DF
I plan on attending the dinner.
jennifer-gillaspie@reliantenergy.com
04/10/2001 02:34 PM
Confirmation # iwj7tt
June 4
7:15 a.m. depart Houston to Detroit
Northwest flight 1888
11:17 arrive Detroit
12:30 depart Detroit to Shanghai
Northwest flight 89
3:10 p.m. on June 5 arrive Shanghai
June 16
9:40 a.m. depart Beijing to Tokyo
Northwest flight 12
2:20 p.m. arrive Tokyo
3:50 p.m. depart Tokyo to Houston
Continental flight 6
2 p.m. on June 16 arrive Houston
Ken,  See attached.  If Universal can provide the document online, I can 
insert the appropriate language for all these comments.  Please review and 
let me know if you have any questions.
Barry,  Attached is the Firm GTC for the Sierra Deal with the credit 
language.  Also attached are the confirms for completeness.
FYI 
Eric Gillaspie
04/10/2001 04:51 PM
Mom & Dad,
First off, what day do you guys fly out to Shanghai?  Is it the 5th or the 
6th? (i.e. send me your flight info!)
Attached is Jenn and I's flight itinerary for the China Trip (see forwarded 
msg below).  Gerald & Barbara, Dan, Gayle & Heather are also on the same 
flight going over.  We changed from the original Shanghai round-trip plan to 
save some money and avoided some logistic issues.....we are now flying into 
Shanghai a little earlier and leaving from Beijing instead of 
Shanghai............this allows us to avoid any domestic airline flights (a 
good thing) as that can be expensive and makes the trip a little less hectic 
in the beginning...so here's the tentative plan:
June 4th - Depart for China
June 5th - Arrive in Shanghai (Jon can you meet us in Shanghai on this day?)
June 6 & 7 sightseeing in Shanghai, June 7th Evening - take night train to 
Chingdao (if there is one)
- Meet up with Rodger & Sandy, et al., either in Shanghai or in Chingdao.
June 8th - Depart/Arrive in Chingdao
June 9th - Wedding Bliss & related activities.
June 10th - Sightseeing in Chingdao
June 11th - Depart for Beijing on Train 
(tentative departure date, we may want to stay around/see stuff in the 
area/or something else on the way there, etc June 12th - June 15th: Beijing (Sightseeing, day trips, etc.)
June 16th - Depart from Beijing to Houston (Eric & Jenn, Gerald & Barbara  Dan, Gayle & Heather are staying for another week in China, and I believe my 
parents are staying another 3 or 4 days as well?
Jeff and Cathy are possibly going to switch their flight as well in order to 
do this schedule.  This is of course a tentative/rough draft itinerary nothing is set but our plane tickets 
Jon & Dan: I believe we are all looking to you guys to help us determine 
exactly what we should look at and more importantly what we should and should 
not eat.
Tiger penis soup anyone?!.........Looking forward to it, 
Eric Gillaspie
713-345-7667
Enron Building 3886
jennifer-gillaspie@reliantenergy.com
04/10/2001 02:34 PM
China Itinerary:
June 4
7:15 a.m. depart Houston to Detroit
Northwest flight 1888
11:17 arrive Detroit
12:30 depart Detroit to Shanghai
Northwest flight 89
3:10 p.m. on June 5 arrive Shanghai
June 16
9:40 a.m. depart Beijing to Tokyo
Northwest flight 12
2:20 p.m. arrive Tokyo
3:50 p.m. depart Tokyo to Houston
Continental flight 6
2 p.m. on June 16 arrive Houston
Barry,  Attached is a rough draft of the amendment to the letter agreement Please review 
Barry,  Attached are the confirms with the revised Period of Delivery 
language as we discussed.
We have made contact in the East.  Looks like you had better start developing 
a taste for seafood 
Eric Gillaspie
04/11/2001 02:24 PM
Eric Gillaspie
713-345-7667
Enron Building 3886
jonathan gillaspie  	04/11/2001 09:17 AM
Please respond to jongillaspie
Hey kids:
Greetings from Wuxi. The wedding preparations continue as planned. Just got 
back from another planning mission to Qingdao last weekend. We put deposits 
down on hotel rooms, restaurant and finalized the plans with the local 
Christian church. We were lucky to obtain the services of a very courteous, 
English speaking pastor named Mr. Dong. Mr. Dong will translate the ceremony 
into our native tongue for all big noses present.
I'm writing to you now to get your hotel reservations for your stay in 
Qingdao. We've put down a 2000 yuan deposit, but we must now secure exact 
lodging dates. Would you all please respond asap with the dates that you'll 
be staying in Qingdao? Everyone will stay at the Qingdao Dong Hai "East 
Ocean" Hotel. Most of you will probably be arriving in Qingdao on June 7th. 
The wedding is on the morning of the 9th. Do people want to stay an extra day 
after the wedding, or do they want to leave on the 10th after the wedding? 
Give me your plans and I'll fax them to the hotel management this week.
The big banquet dinner will not be immediately after the wedding ceremony. We 
couldn't find a suitable restaurant that wasn't already booked. We've moved 
the big wedding feast from noon to the evening of the wedding day. It will be 
at a famous Shandong style seafood restaurant. This restaurant has 
everything: snakes, frogs, scorpions, caterpillars, exotic marine birds, 
about 15 kinds of shellfish, and just about everything else you could imagine 
putting in your mouth that comes from the ocean, plus some things that you 
wouldn't normally imagine putting in your mouth from the ocean. It's kind of 
like going to Sea World and then pointing to a fish in the tank and telling 
someone how you'd like it cooked, except you'll be surrounded by a billion 
drunken Chinese tourists who will all be swilling ridiculous amounts of rice 
liquor and screaming, "Down with American Imperialism!" and "The East is Red- 
Long Live Chairman Mao!" Sounds great, eh?
So- please, tell me your planned arrival and departure dates to and from 
Qingdao so we can finish this monkey business with the hotel folks. Hope all 
is swell with everyone. I'll be in touch again soon. Adios.
Cheers,
Jon Gillaspie
Notes:
Ma & Pa- please get this info from the Staters and the Aines.
Eric- pass this on to Jennifer so we can get this info from Dan and Gail Junk.
_____________________________________________________________
The Best Free Email service on the Net  
Sign up Now
David,  Per the attached, we do have an agreement with Mustang and I am ok 
with the form.  Please see that attached tasking affiliate letter.  As for 
M&H, we will need a scope of services, dates, and payment terms.  Please 
provide this info, and I will prepare the tasking letter.
Renee Alfaro@_DEVELOPMENT
04/10/2001 02:38 PM
Per our conversation, please find attached below a copy of the PSA with 
Mustang (PSA 19-96) as well as our Affiliate Tasking Letter form that we use.
The PSA expires shortly, but I am working with Sue Perkins at Mustang to 
update the rate schedule and extend the term for an additional two years, so 
there will not be a problem with issuing a Tasking Letter under this 
Agreement.
If you have any questions or if I may be of further assistance, please feel 
free to contact me.  Please send me a copy of the Tasking Letter once it is 
fully executed so that I may put a copy in our contract file.
Thanks
Renee Alfaro
Phone: 713-646-7281
Fax: 713-646-6158
Email: ralfaro@
Dave,  Attached is the work offer for M&H  please review.  There are a few 
blanks in the form.  Please provide any information you have available.
Please confirm the existing contract is in effect and let me know if there is 
anything else we need to do to use an affiliate work order.  Thanks for your 
help.
Gerald Nemec 
(713) 853-3512
Barry,  Attached is a clean and redline version of the letter amendment 
revised per your notes and our discussion.
The Package One and Package Two language will be stricken for Misako and 
Petro-Canada.
Barry,  Attached is the rough draft of the Spread Value Calc. for El Paso 
that we discussed.  I should be back at about 2:30.
I will take a look at this and get it back to you tommorrow.  Thanks.
Andrew Miles@
04/11/2001 10:49 AM
Hi Gerald,
We're still alive and kicking.  I made some changes to the LOI.  Can you 
check it over - I'm hoping to send it over to Corey at the end of the week.
Thanks,
Andrew
Attached is a draft of the mark to market language per your discussion with 
Barry.  Please review and contact Barry directly to discuss.
Barry's numbers
(713) 667-9956 Home
(713) 302-6442 Cell
Tyrell,  I Kern won't accept changes, then we can insert into Patina letter 
amended a clause which states the ENA will keep whole Patina for those 
obligations and liabilities 
Tyrell Harrison@
04/12/2001 04:49 PM
I agree . . . if Kern remains stubborn, is there any short, sweet side 
agreement that could be drafted between ENA and Patina (maybe as an add-on to 
our letter agreement amendment) that would effectively pass through the 
pre-assignment liabilities?
I just received Chris Kennedy's marked up version.  I will forward 
immediately.
Tyrell Harrison
303 575 6478
Barry Tycholiz
04/12/2001 03:36 PM
You can direct Kern that we are prepared to underpin that exposure such that 
Enron wears that risk.... as
1. there should be no risk anyways, and 
2.  if there were to be any, it should be ENA's anyways 
BT 
What I emailed to PG&E and their response.  Barry will have to respond to 
their questions.
"Meier, Peter"  	04/13/2001 01:33 AM
We will review this in the morning.  In the meantime, it would be extremely
helpful to know what the practical effect of your calculation would be.  In
other words, using this method, what is the valuation of each of the
packages as of today?  Please e-mail your calculation to each of us on the
PG&E team.  Thanks, Peter
Attached is a draft of the mark to market language per your discussion with
Barry.  Please review and contact Barry directly to discuss.
Barry's numbers
(713) 667-9956 Home
(713) 302-6442 Cell
(See attached file: PGESpreadvaluationdefinition.doc)
Steve,  Just talked with Barry.  He said based on last night's curve, the 
valuation formula would result in a value of $250 mil.  A detailed calc for 
this value will have to wait til Monday.
"Meier, Peter"  	04/13/2001 01:33 AM
We will review this in the morning.  In the meantime, it would be extremely
helpful to know what the practical effect of your calculation would be.  In
other words, using this method, what is the valuation of each of the
packages as of today?  Please e-mail your calculation to each of us on the
PG&E team.  Thanks, Peter
Attached is a draft of the mark to market language per your discussion with
Barry.  Please review and contact Barry directly to discuss.
Barry's numbers
(713) 667-9956 Home
(713) 302-6442 Cell
(See attached file: PGESpreadvaluationdefinition.doc)
Attached is a letter agreement which specifies ENA's indemnity obligations 
for Patina wrt the Kern Transport Agreement.  Please review and if acceptable 
print and execute along with the Kern River assignment form.  If you wish to 
discuss, please contact me at (713) 853-3512.  Thanks for your assistance.
Paul.Pfeffer@bakerbotts.com
04/13/2001 08:39 AM
Pay attention to "placekicker."  I think I now know why you lost to Stanford
last year.
A few chuckles.
Rick Bossow  
Downing  >Victoria Richardson  >Subject:       Fwd: A Picture Is Worth A Thousand Words
Date:  Tue, 27 Mar 2001 12:35:39 -0800 (PST)