Carol Close Opatrny
Opatrny Consulting, Inc.
18509 N. E. Cedar Drive
Battle Ground, Washington 98604
360.666.8509 (fax)
360.666.8510 (phone)
e-mail: ccopat@e-z.net
The black boots are mine.
"Rory Sellers"  	11/28/2000 01:32 AM
Please respond to "Rory Sellers"
Regret the dancing gopher was not mine. Has he been claimed yet?
R
There are several things at 1246 Olive Hill Lane that I do not believe belong 
to me - will the offending parties please identify themselves 1 pair of sexy black boots - made for walking 
1 bluegrass song book 
1 set of Italian prints - limited edition #2 I believe 
Book - Maestro by Bob Woodward 
1/2 full bottle of Sierra Nevada 
Dancing Gopher 
Nancy 
(707) 251-4870 (phone) 
(707) 265-5446 (fax) 
"Plus je bois, mieux je chante" 
FYI.
"Delaney Hunter"  	11/27/2000 03:05 PM
Please respond to dhunter
Would you please share these comments with the group.(See attached file:
ferc_comments.122.from bushnell.doc)
- ferc_comments.122.from bushnell.doc
If there is going to be a play come the first of the year to meld 
California's PX and ISO, Skilling may want to consider pre-empting that 
agenda (and most of this is not new; already included in previous messaging 
points we've developed internally):
It's the gas industry, stupid---for profit transcos is the answer.
California's big mistake was replacing one monopoly--the utility---with 
another--the PX.  PX's are not necessarily bad things.  But PXs with a 
monopoly is a very bad thing.
Forcing the IOUS to buy everything from the PX was irresponsible.
"Put everyone on a variable rate mortgage" story.
Decision makers openly admitted that they put in place a strucuture designed 
NOT to encourage retail choice and competition.
Decision makers actively urged families and businesses NOT to switch to 
providers offering an "insurance policy" (i.e., fixed price deals) against 
the volatile and risky power exchange price.
When you combine the supply shortage, the PX monopoly, the nonexistant retail 
market and decision makers' attempts to discourage choice, you get a 
debacle--that's what California set itself up for, and that's what it got.
Putting the PX inside the ISO will only infect the wound that's already been 
inflicted.
The real answer is....(we've developed these points already).
This is quick and dirty and can be made much more punchy and articulate, but 
wanted to get the notion out there given our time constraints.
Best,
Jeff
not sure, but i assume that the bluegrass songbook is mine.  is it for 
guitar?
I'll need to ponder.  I'll try to get back to you pronto.
FYI.  We have this report?
Hi David:  Thought that you might be interested.
Best,
Jeff
Well, he launched today.  Have you seen the materials from the press 
conference that he launched today?  I think this is actually a good 
thing--makes our proposal look like a much more preferable alternative by 
comparison, makes our support in the process more important, and sets Harvey 
up as the Ralph Nader equivalent in the election to fix California's broken 
system---a potential spoiler.
Hi.  Well, wouldn't you know it.  I'm not driving tonite, but I bet that we 
could hitch a ride back with Anil.  I'm not sure, but I think that he's got 
class tonite, too.  I'll search him out before class or after that break and 
see if I can set it up.
Carolyn Vavrek  	11/28/2000 02:41 PM
Jeff - Hope you had a good turkey day.  I'm going to attend finance 
tonight (instead of last night).  I was wondering if you know if 
anyone from the SF crew is driving over and back tonight.  I am happy 
to take BART over, but coming back is always a pain - as you know. 
Thanks,
Carolyn
Oh come on.  I heard that you're a ghost writer for Harvey's proposal 
Kidding 
Seriously, it's been great discussing these issues on panels with you 
lately.  I have a picture of the two of us from the Berkeley conference I'll 
pass along to you 
I really think there's a way out of all this without dropping a nuclear bomb 
on all of the hard work folks have done thus far to restructure the 
industry.  Look forward to working on it.
Best,
Jeff
P.S. Don't have TOO much fun dangling the initiative in front of the likes of 
Peace and the IOUs.
Mike Florio  	11/28/2000 05:53 PM
FYI--  Despite strong urging, TURN did NOT join in the press conference or 
the initiative proposal referenced in this message.  Obviously we may have 
no choice but to do so in the future, depending upon how FERC, the 
Governor, the Legislature and the CPUC react to the unfolding crisis.  For 
now, we will continue to work for reasonable regulatory and legislative 
solutions that protect small ratepayers from the consequences of a debacle 
that they never asked for or wanted.   I am plannning to attend Friday's 
meeting of the group (unless I am disinvited) so that we can discuss 
constructive ways of making that happen.   MIKE
At 02:01 PM 11/28/2000 -0800, Delaney Hunter wrote:
Folks-
Below is a site with information on a proposed initiative from Harvey
Rosenfeld dealing with the current energy issues facing California. Thanks
to Julee Malinowski-Ball for the info on the site.