Hi, Shane.  Here's a quick update.  As you can see, the Westpac ISDA is a 
done deal.  Susan Bailey (paralegal) had been holding the Commonwealth ISDA 
because she didn't have an address.  I asked her to email you for the info I am working on ABN AMRO.  I' m also trying to keep up with you other trading 
activity.  Let me know if you ever have any questions.  Sara
Susan Flynn
04/20/2000 10:09 AM
We have received the following executed Master Agreement:
Type of Contract: ISDA Master Agreement ( Multicurrency-Cross Border)
Effective Date:  April 12, 2000
Counterparty:     Westpac Banking Corporation
Transactions Covered:   Approved for all products except:          pulp and 
paper and weather
PLEASE NOTE:   The Counterparty is the Calculation Agent.   The Counterpary 
has three (3) Local Business Days after the receipt of a Confirmation from 
ENA to accept or dispute the Confirmation. 
We need to finalize.  Legal opinion needs to come from Mark Haedicke (my 
recollection is that he may not need the back up).  Have we requested the 
guaranty?  Thanks.  Sara
Sara,
Any progress on getting a guaranty, legal opinion and a corrected
certificate of the secretary for me?  I will forward the executed master to
you with my attached docs once I receive these docs from you.
Thanks
Chuck
I have engaged the Modrall firm in Albuquerque to help us sort through the 
legal issues posed by dealing with the Southern Utes both on and off line The lawyers are Messrs. Lynn Slade and Bill Scott.  I would like to send a 
Fed Ex to them on Friday, April 21 for Monday morning delivery containing the 
following:
1.  ISDA Master Agreement and CSA boilerplate
2.  Our municipal form of Schedule for the Southern Utes and appropriate 
Paragraph 13
3.  A sample Schedule prepared for a general corporate (with appropriate 
disclaimer language)
4.  A copy of the 1993 Commodity Definitions and the 2000 Supplement
You will have to verify the current firm name.  Check the website at 
www.modrall.com.
Send to the attention of Bill Scott.  The address:
500 4th Street NW, Suite 1000
Albuquerque, New Mexico  87102
Chuck:  We are getting the package together for you.  Sara
Sara,
Any progress on getting a guaranty, legal opinion and a corrected
certificate of the secretary for me?  I will forward the executed master to
you with my attached docs once I receive these docs from you.
Thanks
Chuck
Mark:  Nice to meet you too!  When Credit sends us the creditworksheet, we 
can generate an ISDA master to send to the counterparty.  Sara
Sara,
I just joined Enron about 1 month ago and am just getting use to the 
process.  Could you start the ISDA process with EnSight Resources.  The 
address and phone number and contact information are below in the John Suttle 
memo.  Thank you very much.
Mark
John,
Could you set up EnSight Resources an account with Enron, so they can 
transact some NYMEX NG fixed price swaps with us in the near future.  Karen 
Anthony is the CFO and she can provide you any financials that you need to 
get them set-up.
The address is:
Karen Anthony
CFO
EnSight Resources, LLC
333 Texas St, Suite 1175
Shreveport, LA 71101
318-429-2226
Thanks for your help in this matter.
Mark Smith
FYI
Brant, Tom
Enserco Energy busted on line today.  Although we are collateralized with 
L/C's, our exposure is increasing due to the size of the on line volume they 
have been doing.  ENA sent an ISDA draft to them a few weeks ago, with no 
response.  Today I spoke to their Credit Manager, Don Perkins, and informed 
him that we can not take on additional volume unless we have an executed 
ISDA. He is going to review, with his legal, the contract and will get back 
to me.  At this point I feel we should not take on any further transactions 
until the ISDA is signed.  Please let me know your thoughts.
Russell
Please forward this e-mail on to the appropriate EOL people so they are aware 
of Enserco's status.
I am ready to finalize the letter agreement.  Please verify that Jeff McMahon 
will sign for Enron Corp.  Thanks.  Sara
David Roland@EES
04/20/2000 11:07 AM
Sara,
I tried again to get comments from Gareth but had no luck.  Let's go ahead 
and print it out and get it signed.  Please be sure to insert Mark S. Muller 
as the signee for EES.  His title is Managing Director.
David
Sara Shackleton@ECT
04/17/2000 01:47 PM
If the letter is alright, I can have it printed formally.  I never heard back 
from Gareth with respect to any comments.  Just let me know what you would 
like to do.  Sara
David Roland@EES
04/17/2000 01:41 PM
Sara,
One more reminder for you regarding the letter agreement.
Thanks,
David
David Roland
04/13/2000 10:24 AM
Sara,
We still need to get this letter agreement done for Hawaii.  Please give me a 
call when you have some time to discuss it.
David
Sara Shackleton@ECT
03/31/2000 04:47 PM
Sent by: Kaye Ellis@ECT
Attached is the revised letter agreement between EES and Enron Corp.
Sara and Gareth,
We still need to finish this agreement and have it signed.  To my knowledge, 
it has not been completed and signed.
David
Enron Energy Services
Sara,
I'm on someone else's computer - I'm having all sorts of e-mail problems 
today.
The business person on the  EES side to be signing this letter would be Mark 
S. Muller.  He is a Managing Director of EES LLC.
I don't necessarily have a problem with the description of the back-to-back 
obligations, but I'd like to know Gareth's opinion as to whether the language 
is too broad.
David
Sara Shackleton@ECT
03/30/2000 04:38 PM
Attached is a first stab at the agreement.  Please comment.
Tanya:  I left you a voice mail earlier this week on the single outstanding 
issue:  paragraph (B) of our setoff language.  This provision allows the 
nondefaulting party to withhold any payment it might owe to the defaulting 
party under the master until the nondefaulting party can be certain IN ITS 
REASONABLE DISCRETION  that ANY other payments owed to it (under ANY other 
agreements between the parties)  by the defaulting party have been paid Cargill does not want to "comingle" its business.  Remember, we have already 
given in on "affiliate setoff".  [the lawyer never raised the paragraph (B) 
issue until this week 
Also, Cargill has requested that we change our Credit Support Amount 
definition (but I provided them with an explanation) AND Cargill has decided 
to issue transferable L/C's.
Please let me hear from you so that we can finalize.  I do not know if this 
is a deal breaker.
Carol:  I spoke with Richard Peterson (retail side).  Apparently we were 
dealing with the exploration side of the company last year.  We agreed to (1) 
mark up the Flying J form AND (2) reissue the Industrial Master that had been 
negotiated last year (with our form changes).  John Scales (exploration side) 
wouldn't agree to the MAC at the last minute.  Do you want to handle?  Just 
let me know.  Sara
Please put on my calendar with respect to "POLAND"
The following Conference call has been arranged for Thursday 8th July at
6.00pm Uk Time
Reference: A868284
Number: 01296 317600
Pin: 6530 #
Any problems please let me know
Thanks
I have an early afternoon appointment.  Sara
Thanks so very much.  Sara
Robert Pickel  Sara:
In order to get a copy of the User's Guide, please send an email to
documents@isda.org with a reference in the subject heading to UG315. A copy
will be sent by automatic reply email.
If you have any problems, please contact me.
Bob Pickel
Please send the current DRAFT to the User's Guide to 1999 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions to my attention.  I understand that these can be sent 
to reply mail.  You can reach me by phone at 713/853-5620 if you have any 
A message from my crazy sister!
- garfield.pps
Hey, Sam:  Great to hear from you and I'm thrilled that your golf game is as 
good as ever.  Have you been playing in Palm Springs or Amelia Island or  The 
Boulders?  I was in Phoenix last year and thought it was wonderful except for 
the fact that people age faster.  I didn't go to Baton Rouge for Passover 
since the seders were in the middle of the week.  But I know that my sister 
ordered everything from the Second Avenue Deli in N.Y. and various other 
Manhattan establishments.  My niece has been accepted at that high school in 
Natchitoches for smart kids and Deb is really happy (and sad).  Jennifer is 
only 15.  My nephew is tall, handsome and driving Steve crazy.  My parents 
are fine and my Dad is going to have a knee-cap replacement sometime soon He'll be 83 in June.  I've decided on in-house training for my dogs and the 
trainer thinks that CHLOE needs the most "help" since that sweet little 
bichon may try to bite strangers (and maybe friends!) in my home.  Otherwise, 
I'm rocking along.  You know, I never called Helen but I still have her 
number and I'll do it this week.  Hope all is well.  Do you keep up with 
Ron?  Love, Sara
the closing checklist contains the sub-trusts for Hawaii
Attached is another revised Closing Checklist for the First Drawdown 
transaction.
Deborah Lowe
Andrews & Kurth L.L.P.
(713) 220-4242 - Houston Office
- 234494.wpd
- 234494.doc
attached are swap docs for the Hawaii transaction
Attached are revised versions of the following documents marked to show 
changes from the previous versions distributed:
1.  Subscription Documents;
2.  Reimbursement and Disclosure Agreement;
3.  Amended and Restated Asset LLC Agreement;
4.  Amended and Restated Transferor LLC Agreement;
5.  Swap Confirmation;
6.  Swap Schedule; and
7.  Distribution Agreement.
Please let me have any final comments.
Daniel Sullivan
Andrews & Kurth L.L.P.
(713) 220-4200 - Houston Office
- 234569.wpd
- 234556.wpd
- 234569.doc
- 234556.doc
- 232928.wpd
- 232928.doc
- 232889.wpd
- 232889.doc
- 233288.wpd
- 233288.doc
- 232882.wpd
- 232882.doc
- 234570.wpd
- 234570.doc
Michelle:  Could you please send me the latest form of agreement that ENA 
should be using with its outside consultants?  Thanks.  If you have any 
questions, please give me a call.  Sara
Is it possible to obtain a copy of the draft "User's Guide to 1999 ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Definitions" today?  I would very much appreciate receipt 
as soon as possible.  Enron is a member of ISDA.   Thanks again.  Sara 
Shackleton
Sara Shackleton
04/24/2000 08:41 AM
Please send the current DRAFT to the User's Guide to 1999 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions to my attention.  I understand that these can be sent 
to reply mail.  You can reach me by phone at 713/853-5620 if you have any 
no changes since last week
Elizabeth Serralheiro@_DEVELOPMENT
04/24/2000 01:15 PM
Please send me your updated report  not later than 8:30 a.m. Brazil time, 
tomorrow.
Thanks and Elizabeth.
Let's schedule a time to talk.  Sara
Please let Randy know that I have another meeting scheduled at that time Thanks.  Sara
Elizabeth Serralheiro@_DEVELOPMENT
04/25/2000 05:53 AM
Due to Randy Young's trip last night, we need to reschedule the above meeting 
that was suppose to take place today at 10:00 a.m. Brazil time. We are now 
trying to schedule to 4:00 p.m. Brazil/Argentine time-2:00 p.m. Houston time. 
Please let me know if this time works for you.
Sorry for the inconvenience and short notice.
,
Elizabeth.
No, but we add different provisions to the Master Agreement  for commodity 
trades and currency/rate trades.
commodity only (as far as I know and based on trades thus far).  Does it have 
to be one or the other?
Rod
Believe it or not, we are almost done but PG&E's lawyer has been so busy that 
we were unable to schedule a call last week.  I will send her some suggested 
comments (tonight) and we are trying to speak this week.  There aren't any 
problems.  Sara
Sara:
What is the status?
Thanks
Jen
FYI new request.  What about our master tax agreement?
Greg Johnston
04/25/2000 12:05 PM
Sara, I didn't realize that Shari had left the financial swap group.  She 
just sent me an e-mail telling me that she thought you were handling the 
negotiation of ISDAs on behalf of Enron Canada, so I thought I would forward 
this message I sent to Tana today for your information.
Thanks
Greg
Greg Johnston
04/25/2000 10:49 AM
Tana, I received a request this week from Jannalyn Galloway of Reliant Energy 
Services Canada, Ltd. to commence the process of putting an ISDA in place 
between Enron Canada Corp. and Reliant Energy Services Canada, Ltd.  We 
recently finalized a Master Physical Agreement between these parties and I 
was wondering if you could commence the process of obtaining credit approval 
to do the ISDA and provide a draft to Jannalyn.  Her fax number is 
713-207-9663, her direct line is 713-207-5893 and her e-mail address is as 
above.
Thanks for you help on this and if you need anything further from me, let me 
know.
Greg
Do you need to pass this on to Greg?
Susan Bailey
04/25/2000 02:50 PM
Sara,
Carol and Rod are working on the ISDA comparison for a potential ISDA between 
ENA and Reliant Energy Services, Inc.  Last week, Cregg Lancaster furnished 
Reliant's newest form of Schedule and Paragraph 13 for our review.  You may 
want to visit with Carol as to the status.
Also, it is my understanding that once we have the ISDA between ENA and 
Reliant in place, that that form of agreement would be used for the ECC and 
Reliant Canada agreement (with the exception of the provisions specific to 
Canadian entities).
Hope this explanation help.
Susan 
Sara Shackleton
04/25/2000 01:48 PM
FYI new request.  What about our master tax agreement?
Greg Johnston
04/25/2000 12:05 PM
Sara, I didn't realize that Shari had left the financial swap group.  She 
just sent me an e-mail telling me that she thought you were handling the 
negotiation of ISDAs on behalf of Enron Canada, so I thought I would forward 
this message I sent to Tana today for your information.
Thanks
Greg
Greg Johnston
04/25/2000 10:49 AM
Tana, I received a request this week from Jannalyn Galloway of Reliant Energy 
Services Canada, Ltd. to commence the process of putting an ISDA in place 
between Enron Canada Corp. and Reliant Energy Services Canada, Ltd.  We 
recently finalized a Master Physical Agreement between these parties and I 
was wondering if you could commence the process of obtaining credit approval 
to do the ISDA and provide a draft to Jannalyn.  Her fax number is 
713-207-9663, her direct line is 713-207-5893 and her e-mail address is as 
above.
Thanks for you help on this and if you need anything further from me, let me 
know.
Greg
Harry Arora (e-commerce group) wants to take a look at Goldman's online 
trading operation.  His motive is to explore/navigate the site during the 
next 30 days (but not trade).  I told Harry that I would need to review the 
agreement and negotiate with Goldman just as I would any agreement in order 
to not set any precedent with Goldman for future agreements.  Although Harry 
does not intend to trade at all, and we could terminate the agreement when he 
is done, I suppose Gary may want to trade with Goldman online in the future We could negotiate another agreement at a later date.
Let me know if you would agree to accept Goldman's agreement "as is" for the 
limited purpose of allowing Harry to navigate the site, with the intention of 
terminating the agreement when he is done.  Although ENA would have a 
password, access could be limited to Harry [and whomever he needs to 
assist?].  Please let me know your decision.  Thanks.  Sara
Ed:  Jason Peters is an A&K lawyer working with us for about six weeks and 
he's helping on these agreements.  We would like to meet with you about these 
lenders and update ENA's position.  Could you please send me the "comparison 
chart" which you prepared for these banks and ED&F Mann and Paribas, and let 
me know when you are available to meet?  Thanks.  Sara
Wednesday afternoon works fine for me.  Sara
Julian Poole@_DEVELOPMENT
04/25/2000 05:11 PM
Sara/Rod, I have received the ISDA for Capex that Susan sent me. I would like 
to set a conference with both of you to understand the content of it, as we 
intend to meet the CP this friday to discuss the Master Agreement and other 
things.
What time is best for you tomorrow?
, Julian
Jeff:  I have not heard a word from credit.  Who did you speak with?  Please 
let me know and I will follow up.  Thanks.  Sara
Here's the comparison chart. We've gone as far as we can with SSB. The ball 
is in the traders' court to look at, and approve, the numbers. I don't know 
when, if ever, they'll do that. They don't seem as interested as they once 
were. I think we're more or less on hold waiting for them. SSB is aware of 
the development and said they will push the traders independently.
My schedule is fairly flexible so let me know when you'd like to meet.
Ed Wood
Do I have to diall in for this conference call? 
I am at a meeting with Margaret from 5 p.m. on, but hope to be free to get on 
this conference call at 6.
Nicola Blancke
07/07/99 05:59 PM
The following Conference call has been arranged for Thursday 8th July at
6.00pm Uk Time
Reference: A868284
Number: 01296 317600
Pin: 6530 #
Any problems please let me know
Thanks
Julian, 5 pm BA time is 3 pm Houston.  Before we speak, please verify that 
Rod will be available at 3 pm Houston.
Julian Poole@_DEVELOPMENT
04/26/2000 06:51 AM
How about 5:00 pm BA time, 2:00 pm Houston time?
Sara Shackleton@ECT
04/26/2000 03:46 AM
Wednesday afternoon works fine for me.  Sara
Julian Poole@_DEVELOPMENT
04/25/2000 05:11 PM
Sara/Rod, I have received the ISDA for Capex that Susan sent me. I would like 
to set a conference with both of you to understand the content of it, as we 
intend to meet the CP this friday to discuss the Master Agreement and other 
things.
What time is best for you tomorrow?
, Julian
I'm not impressed.  Sara
Carol St Clair
04/26/2000 12:08 PM
Sara:
What do you think?
Carol
FYI
Paralegalpro20@hotmail.com on 04/23/2000 11:43:37 PM
*** This candidate response was brought to you by CareerPath.com
Jobcode: 0000103079
Jobtitle: SR LEGAL SPECIALIST
Regarding: Sr. Legal Specialist
Vivian I. Igweh
HM: (281)- 8795576 Fax:(713)595 2104 xtn 1163
Pager Number: (713) 930-2854
EDUCATION
Oxford Brookes University - Oxford, England.   1990
Diploma in General Studies
University of London, London - England.   1993
Bachelor of Laws LL.B (JD)
Passed the Professional Responsibility Ethical Exam for Attorneys.   1997
D.S.U. Training Institute - Houston-Texas.  1997 - 1998
Computer literacy certification
LEGAL EXPERIENCE 1999-2000
MISCELLANEOUS CONTRACT POSITIONS
ALTURA ENERGY, HOUSTON - TEXAS PARALEGAL
Responsibilities included assisting the ceo in all legal matters concerning 
an acquisition and merger, word-processing,
drafted and corrected agreements, received and made calls to clients, faxed 
photocopied and e-mailed documents.
SHELL OIL COMPANIES, HOUSTON - TEXAS PARALEGAL
responsibilities included handling heavey litigation documents and case 
procedures, assisting in acquisition and merger
transactions, document production and review, contract analysis, assisted 
attorneys, performed quality control of
documents, handled privileged and sensitive documents
ELPASO OIL COMPANY, HOUSTON - TEXAS PARALEGAL
Responsibilities included handling heavey litigation documents and case 
procedures, assisting in acquisitions and merger
transactions, document production and review, contract analysis, assisted 
attorneys, performing quality control of
documents, handled privileged and sensitive documents.
UNION OIL OF CALIFORNIA, HOUSTON - TEXAS PARALEGAL
Responsibilities included coding of legal documents, document production and 
review, quality control of documents,
proof reading, assisting the attorneys in contract analysis.
FULBRIGHT AND JAWORSKI, HOUSTON - TEXAS PARALEGAL
Responsibilities included review and analysis of corporate litigation 
documents, document production and redaction.
BAKER AND BOTTS, HOUSTON - TEXAS PARALEGAL
responsibilities included reviewing and analysing corporate litigation 
documents, preparation for trial.
LAW OFFICE OF GABE AND ASSOC., HOUSTON - TEXAS. 1995-1999
PARALEGAL
Responsibilities included trial preparation, interviewed and set up new 
client files, researched and analysed cases,
attended and summarised depositions, attended court proceedings and 
mediations, assisted in discovery, drafted and
filed petitions, propounded and responded to interrogatories, carried out 
investigations and negotiations.
LAW FIRM OF NWOKOLO AND NZEAKO, LAGOS - NIGERIA.      1993 - 1994
PARALEGAL
Responsibilities included analysis of oil and gas contracts, handled heavy 
litigation documents and case procedures,
corporate negotiations, handled sensitive and privileged documents, 
researched for trial, prepared trial packets,
interviewed and set up files, assisted in court proceedings, drafted 
pleadings, general office support.
SKILLS
Typing, Windows 3.1., 95, and 98, Internet, Microsoft Word for Windows 7.0. 
and 97, Word Perfect for Windows 7.0,
Microsoft Access 7.0, Lotus Notes, Quicken, Microsoft Mail and Exchange, 
Microsoft Excel 7.0, Microsoft PowerPoint
7.0, Summation for Windows, Westlaw, Lexis-Nexis.
Excellent oil and gas litigation skills, communication, interactive, case 
management, office, organizational and leadership
skills, group (team) work, work under pressure and by deadline, detail 
oriented, able to work over-time, fast-paced, task
management, use of initiative, ethical and  professional.
REFERENCES: Will be provided upon request.
I have doctors' appointments from 10:30 am - 3 pm on Friday 
Rod and Tanya:  Please let me know who is handling so I can pass on the news 
to Jeff.  Thanks.  Sara
Enron Global Finance
I spoke to Bill Bradford before I left.  He didn't think that there would be 
a problem.
Jeff
Hi, David!  Hope all is well.  Since the referenced swap has been documented 
by ENA, I am now reviewing the Transaction.  I have a number of questions, 
many the result of my unfamiliarity with your Australian Reference/Fallback 
weather stations and a few other comments.  I thought I would mark this up 
and fax it to you which I will do shortly.  Sara
I have to leave the office by 10:45 am.  That should be enough time.  SS
Suzanne Adams
04/26/2000 02:03 PM
Since the meeting scheduled for 2:00 p.m. today had to be cancelled, how 
about Friday at 10:00 a.m. in 38C1.  Please let me know if this will not work 
for you.  Thanks, Suzanne, x37340
Does anyone have any ISDA comparisons that I can give to Jason?  Sara
Pls add to my calendar.  SS
Taffy Milligan
04/26/2000 04:10 PM
The interviews have been scheduled as follows  Stephanie Panus
Mon, 5/1/2000 - EB38C1]
9:30-10:30 - Carol St. Clair and Sara Shackleton
10:30-11:00 - Susan Bailey, Susan Flynn
Jackie McKoy
Mon, 5/1/2000 - EB38C1
11:30 a.m.- 12:30 p.m. - Carol St. Clair and Sara Shackleton
12:30 a.m.- 1:00 p.m. - Susan Bailey, Susan Flynn
Please advise ASAP if there is a conflict 
Thanks
tm
Neither Susan has any comparisons.  Flynn eagerly volunteered amendments 
she's got lying around.  I'm indifferent although I wonder if Flynn is simply 
trying to use the system.
BY THE WAY, your voice mail does not work!  If your phone calls roll over to 
an assistant or I try to leave you a voice mail, I cannot get there!  Please 
call or stop by.  Sara
Could I arrange a very short conversation with you regarding the May 28, 1999 
memo from Jorge Brito Pereira?  I would like to discuss your analysis and any 
further actions which the local firm may be taking on ECTRIC's behalf.  I 
have a paper trade with a Portuguese corporate pending receipt of an 
enforceability opinion acceptable to ECT.  I'm not sure if we'll get there I'm interested in further discussions you may have had internally or 
externally.  Sara
Robert:  Susan Flynn told me that your client is objecting to the deletion of 
the first part of the first sentence in the "Setoff" language.  I just wanted 
to explain why we are requesting this change.  In reviewing our forms during 
the latter part of 1999, we made a number of changes to both our ISDA 
Schedule and CSA.  One of these changes was the deletion of  the preamble 
language contained in the setoff provision.  We concluded that the phrase 
"Without affecting ...., all payments will be made without setoff 
...;provided, however," actually negated the effect of setoff which we WANT 
to occur UPON THE DESIGNATION OR THE DEEMED DESIGNATION of an Early 
Termination Date.  What purpose do you think the phrase serves if left in the 
setoff provision?  Please feel free to give me a call at 713/853-5620 Thanks.  Sara 
I used the wrong email address!
Sara Shackleton
04/27/2000 03:31 PM
Robert:  Susan Flynn told me that your client is objecting to the deletion of 
the first part of the first sentence in the "Setoff" language.  I just wanted 
to explain why we are requesting this change.  In reviewing our forms during 
the latter part of 1999, we made a number of changes to both our ISDA 
Schedule and CSA.  One of these changes was the deletion of  the preamble 
language contained in the setoff provision.  We concluded that the phrase 
"Without affecting ...., all payments will be made without setoff 
...;provided, however," actually negated the effect of setoff which we WANT 
to occur UPON THE DESIGNATION OR THE DEEMED DESIGNATION of an Early 
Termination Date.  What purpose do you think the phrase serves if left in the 
setoff provision?  Please feel free to give me a call at 713/853-5620 Thanks.  Sara 
Per my voice mail, attached is draft letter.
Jack:  I just spoke with Karola and she tells me that you want to talk about 
the guaranty.  I didn't recall if you had ever reviewed our proposed format Also, I am aware that Enron Corp. previously issued a "General Guarantee 
Joe:  Per my voice mail, see part (iii) of the above and please revise to 
provide accurate description of the condition to which you agreed with 
MediaNews.  Just to say "ENA closes on the KPM Lasara L.P. newsprint mill" is 
not sufficient.  Sara
If you send the letter, please forward a copy to me.  SS
Jason:  I still cannot access your voice mail (isn't your extension 34454 If I'm right, please have your assistant look into this.
Can we put these two brokerage agreements (below) at the top of your list?
Kelly Templeton@
05/01/2000 08:13 AM
I submitted two Executing Broker Agreements on April 24, 2000.  I'm trying to 
find out what the turnaround time might be.
1-Thomas Weisel Partners
2-Chase Hambrecht & Quist
I got a call from Hambrecht & Quist last week asking about their agreement.
Thanks,
Kelly
x39945
Sheila:  Paul Radous (Ext. 58356) in credit will be monitoring brokerage 
accounts from a credit perspective.  I have provided him with an overview of 
the "process".  When he has had an opportunity to digest the information, I 
think it would be helpful to meet with Paul.  In the meantime, would you 
please begin to copy Paul on all messages to Ted Murphy regarding the purpose 
of new accounts.  Thanks.  Sara
Tanya:  What is this all about?  Are you still going to decide credit issues 
for the ISDA?  Sara
Shari Stack
05/01/2000 10:00 AM
FYI  (I will ask David to forward these emails to you directly from now on)
David P Dupre
05/01/2000 09:58 AM
We would like to proceed with the closing of our trading account with Cargill.
I have checked with Matt Brown, book administrator for the Crude Oil account 
as well
as Mark Fondren, his supervisor, for any outstanding issues with Cargill and
nothing has appeared to need discussion.
Please let me know if I may be of any assistance in this effort,
Thanks
David
Bill White@
04/14/2000 03:12 PM
Kill em.
David P Dupre@ECT
13/04/2000 19:25
Thanks for the following email regarding our ability to remove Cargill in our 
reporting
system and replace their name with another broker.
May we discuss the possibility of closing the account with Cargill?
They added approximately $20,000 to our margin account by mistake on April 
7th.
They reversed this yesterday but didn't take out the entire amount, so it 
appears to be
creating additional work for our margin accounting group. Gerri Gosnell in 
our margin accounting
group may be contacted at 3-4898 if you need further information.
Please advise,
Thanks,
David
Bill White@
03/24/2000 03:01 PM
Delete Cargill.
David P Dupre@ECT
22/03/2000 21:22
We trade with hsbc,sakura, and carr for other commodities....so we can't 
delete them.
With your permission, I'd like to delete Cargill for now as we need to add 
Bank One
as well as a new broker which we will start doing lumber trades with called 
'Paul Court'.
Thanks
David
Bill White@
03/20/2000 04:09 PM
You previously asked which clearing houses you could delete from our 
"Exchange Furture Net Position Summary" sheet in order to insert new houses 
(eg, Banc One).  Feel free to delete Sakura Dellsher, Carr, and HSBC.
Bill--
David P Dupre@ECT
15/03/2000 13:45
Hi,
We discussed closing the Cargill account yesterday possibly but you said that 
you wanted to keep it for
additional trades. We will leave it open as long as you need it.
I talked to Bank One this morning and they said that initially only NG would 
be traded; however,
if you want me to talk to them about rates for doing CL trades, I will Legal should have the paperwork
set up within the next 2 weeks.
My contact at Bank One is Linda Bergdahl, 312-408-8333.
,
David
Tanya:  Yes, there is an outstanding issue.  Please read the attached and let 
me know when you'd like to discuss.  Thanks.  Sara
Sara Shackleton
04/21/2000 09:04 AM
Tanya:  I left you a voice mail earlier this week on the single outstanding 
issue:  paragraph (B) of our setoff language.  This provision allows the 
nondefaulting party to withhold any payment it might owe to the defaulting 
party under the master until the nondefaulting party can be certain IN ITS 
REASONABLE DISCRETION  that ANY other payments owed to it (under ANY other 
agreements between the parties)  by the defaulting party have been paid Cargill does not want to "comingle" its business.  Remember, we have already 
given in on "affiliate setoff".  [the lawyer never raised the paragraph (B) 
issue until this week 
Also, Cargill has requested that we change our Credit Support Amount 
definition (but I provided them with an explanation) AND Cargill has decided 
to issue transferable L/C's.
Please let me hear from you so that we can finalize.  I do not know if this 
is a deal breaker.
Can you eat lunch at 11:45?  SS
Is that desk doing options (NOT SWAPTIONS!)?  Why are you asking?  There are 
many issues on the paper desk regarding options.  Sara
Lucy Ortiz
07/08/99 11:03 AM
Hey Sara,
Would you please look over this omnibus option template that I took from TAGG 
and modify it as you see fit for the Paper World?
Many thanks,
Lucy
P.S.
This particular deal is for a paper DRAFT, but I thought  we should have the 
template in place anyway.  For future deals of course.
Abbey:  On March 29, you left me a voice mail in connection with the 
foregoing.  Please call me at 713/853-5620 for an update and to answer you 
questions.  There is not much left to do.  Thanks.  Sara Shackleton
Sara Shackleton
05/01/2000 11:20 AM
Abbey:  On March 29, you left me a voice mail in connection with the 
foregoing.  Please call me at 713/853-5620 for an update and to answer you 
questions.  There is not much left to do.  Thanks.  Sara Shackleton
Mark:  Thus far, I have uncovered only one "nondocumented" electronic 
agreement.  The equity desk uses the services of POSIT which is an electronic 
trading system which matches orders six times daily for institutions and 
broker dealers.  There is no agreement for this matching service.  I am not 
aware of other "matching services" and whether any agreements are in place Let me know if you have any concerns.  Thanks.  Sara
ENA  sent execution copies of the ISDA to Kellogg Company on April 10.  By 
copy of this email, I ask that you touch base with Tana Jones in Houston who 
will verify the status of ENA's ISDA with Kellogg Company and send you copies 
of our documents for use in your negotiations.  Let  me know if you have any 
questions.  Sara
Deepak Sitlani
05/02/2000 06:55 AM
Sara
Paul Radous asked me to get in touch with you in connection with a proposed 
ISDA Master Agreement with Kellog Supply Services (Europe) Limited.  I should 
be grateful if you would send me by e-mail all documents relating to the ISDA 
recently executed between ENA and Kellog's as Paul would like us to use 
similar provisions.
In passing, I should point out that both I and my colleague, Michael 
Khajeh-Noori, will be dealing with this matter.  I am in the office on 
Mondays and Tuesdays and Michael is in the office on Thursdays and Fridays I should therefore be grateful if you would address any e-mails to both of us 
(we can both be contacted on the same extension: 34539).
If you have any questions, please let me know.
With kind  
Deepak
Paul: will you be preparing a credit worksheet for this entity?
Edmund Cooper
25/04/2000 16:41
FYI
Martin Holmes
04/25/2000 04:26 PM
Paul
We have recently concluded an ISDA with The Kellogg  Company in the USA. Now 
their European entity, Kellogg Supply Services (Europe) Limited of The 
Kellogg Building, Talbot Road, Manchester M19 0PU, UK, would like to see an 
ISDA Mastera and Schedule.
Can you look at this entity from a credit point of view please? I do not have 
separate financials for them, but if you need them will ask for a latest set.
Thanks 
Martin Holmes
PS
Did you get the Sappi International financials? And have you made any 
progress with Rottneros?
Thanks
MH
London x 5357
I have a morning appointment and will be in afterwards.  Sara
Rod:  You may recall that we spoke about upgrading the old Master Energy 
Price Swap to an ISDA.  Can you please send a new credit worksheet?  If you 
are not handling, please let me know who to nag.  Thanks.  Sara
Sara Shackleton
04/26/2000 01:37 PM
Rod and Tanya:  Please let me know who is handling so I can pass on the news 
to Jeff.  Thanks.  Sara
Enron Global Finance
I spoke to Bill Bradford before I left.  He didn't think that there would be 
a problem.
Jeff
(1) In connection with Taffy's report, please note the following:
Aquila Canada Corp. - follow up
Christiania Bank - need to send for execution
Ospraie - send revisions
(2) Also, what have you heard from Laurie about the Australian ISDA's and 
brokerage agreements?  We should begin incorporating into our database.  If 
we use your assistant, we should input data during the regular business day. 
(3) I have Jason helping me on about seven different brokerage arrangements 
and will soon need appropriate backup to send together with execution 
copies.  I am keeping dummy files until these are finalized.
Kaye:  Would you please schedule a meeting with John Suttle to discuss 
Harvard.  One hour will be fine.  Thanks.  Sara
Susan:  I wanted to clarify  whether Enron Australia Pty. Ltd. needs to 
execute ISDA Master Agreements with the SAME counterparties which already 
have agreements with ENA (and vice versa).  As an example, I can only rely 
upon tax advice ENA has previously received in connection with the services 
agreement between ENA and ECT Canada.  For book and tax purposes, the trade 
is recorded on the risk books of the Enron affilate ultimately booking the 
trade but the transaction is actually documented in the name of the Enron 
affiliate having the Master Agreement with the counterpary.  The Enron 
affiliate having the Master Agreement with the counterparty then transacts 
with Risk Management & Trading Corp. (through a bulk swap arrangement).  The 
credit risk remains with Risk Management & Trading Corp. (through an internal 
back to back transaction with the "booking" Enron affiliate)  for which the 
"booking" Enron affiliate will presumably pay a fee pursuant to the services 
agreement.
Consider:  ENA is negotiating an agreement with Commonwealth Bank of 
Australia.  Will Enron Australia require a separate master with Commonwealth 
Bank of Australia?  Or will the services agreement permit the hereinabove 
described arrangement?
That's fine but I have to leave shortly before 5 tomorrow.  Sara
Samantha Boyd was available at 4-5 p.m. on Thursday to meet in Carol's office 
EB3892.  Please advise if you have a conflict.
I want to have the Canadian lawyer finalize docs in a timely manner.  Please 
advise me of your plans.  Thanks,  Sara
I'm on the conference call now.  John Novak suggested that you, he and 
Frederico speak.  It sounds like commercial and credit need to iron this out 
together.  John is in his office now and the call usually takes about an 
hour.  Sara
and I also need a file for:  Goldman Sachs & Co. electronic agreement
Mark:  Thanks so much for your explanation earlier today.  Just one more 
question, please:  is arbitration or litigation the preferance under English 
law?  How often do you negotiate to the contrary?  Thanks.  Sara
Hey, Julian!  Susan is working on it now.  SS
Julian Poole@_DEVELOPMENT
05/04/2000 07:57 AM
Sara, just spoke to Rod and agreed to take the CSA out and include some 
changes in the credit provisions.
He will be communicating with you to include these changes.
I would need you to let me know once you have finished the document, so as to 
fax me the modified pages of the Master.
We intend to meet Capex tomorrow morning to present them the ISDA. Pls let me 
know if you can't have it ready for this afternoon.
, Julian
Andrea Bertone@_DEVELOPMENT
08/25/99 06:57 AM
Sara: attached is the memo that I received from Tozzini & Freire yesterday. 
As you will notice, the memo addresses Gustavo's questions and corrects 
certain assumptions made by him in his e-mail. 
Sara Shackleton@ECT
08/24/99 02:10 PM
Help me understand HOW MANY Tozzini memoranda exist which address financial 
swaps and derivatives.  I e-mailed Michael about this attachment and I think 
his response was that Antonio Felix ADDED comments to the attachment.  I am 
not clear.  I am aware of only TWO Tozzini memos :  dated 12/26/97 (physical 
trading of energy) and 2/20/98 (local derivatives market).  Let's all start 
from the same point.  Thanks.  Sara
Michael Guerriero@_DEVELOPMENT
08/20/99 07:45 AM
Don Black has suggested we get you in the loop on the below issues we are 
seeking answers on. We have some pending financial transactions that we would 
like to work through all the Brazilian mechanics before proceeding. Your 
primary contact down here for this issue will be Maria Ines Granado. Please 
provide us with your comments as soon as possible so that we do not encounter 
a transactional conflict. 
Gustavo thank you for all your work to date we will keep you briefed to make 
sure we have your input. Please follow up on the Tozzini issue we discussed 
to make a final decision on their input.
Thanks
MFG  
Enron International
Antonio Felix,
As Enron is finding several opportunities involving financial derivatives in 
Brazil, we would like to get from Tozzini Freire Law Firm a summarized but 
concise read on the "cans and cannots" of these type of transactions in 
Brazil. Here is my understanding of the regulations from the memo you have 
already sent to us regarding swaps and prepays as well as a list of the most 
common examples of deals that Enron would be encountering in the marketplace. 
I would appreciate if you could comment on what is written here and also add 
further information so Enron can have some sort of menu of deals of this 
nature that can be pursued. I would like to ask you to add your comment in 
this same message to make the review process a little easier. Thank you 
inadvance for your attention.
Swaps (Pulp & Paper, Petrochem, Power)
OTC Swaps
The Central Bank regulates swap transactions involving local financial 
institutions acting either as dealers for their own account or as 
intermediaries to the contracting parties. When the financial institutions 
act as intermediaries, the agreements are in fact private agreements 
negotiated by two non-financial companies, but become subject to the 
requirements and regulations normally applicable to swaps involving financial 
institutions. According to regulations currently in force, such swaps can 
relate to exchange rates, interest rates, gold and price indices.
All of the swap agreements involving financial institutions must be 
registered with CETIP or with another custody and clearing system authorized 
by the Central Bank or the CVM (Brazilian SEC). As a matter of practice, the 
agreements used by the banks that participate in the swap market do not 
follow a standard form, since normally each bank has a particular sample form 
with which it feels more comfortable.
Derivatives
In addition to exchange-traded derivatives and OTC swaps involving financial 
institutions, there is no legal impediment, in principle, to derivatives 
transactions being privately negotiated and entered into between two 
interested parties. As a general rule in Brazil, as long as no specific 
prohibition is found in the law, parties are free to negotiate agreements 
that best suit their interests.
International Hedge 
Central Bank regulations authorize that Brazilian companies enter into 
transactions abroad, either in exchanges or having a financial institution as 
their counterpart, to hedge against the fluctuation of interest rates, 
exchange rates or commodity prices in the international markets. 
Such hedge transactions must refer to payments in foreign currency scheduled 
to be made by or to the Brazilian company in respect of commercial or 
financial rights or obligations, or to payments in local currency arising out 
of certain financial obligations subject to the variation of exchange rates 
and payments relating to imports, exports or local transactions involving 
commodities priced according to their valuation in foreign exchanges. The 
commercial market exchange rates are applicable to foreign exchange 
agreements referring to remittances of currency in connection with hedge 
transactions.
When the underlying obligation/right is registered with the Central Bank, the 
corresponding hedge transaction must be informed to the Central Bank within 
10 days of its execution. When there is no registration with the Central 
Bank, the banks executing the foreign exchange agreements relating to the 
hedge transaction must verify the existence of the obligation/right being 
hedged.
Examples
Commodity swap between two Brazilian companies:
As per what has been said above, there is nothing that precludes Enron Brazil 
of entering into a swap with another Brazilian company regarding any 
commodity traded by Enron (Pulp, Paper, Petrochem products, Power, Gas Enron does not need to be a financial institutions to provide swaps 
transactions. On the other hand, I am not sure yet on the following points: 
(1) Does such swap agreement should be registered with CETIP or any other 
clearing system to be valid under Brazilian regulations? (2) What are the 
taxes involved in a swap?
Commodity swap between a Brazilian company and an offshore company:
This kind of deal seems to be also available in the Brazilian market and the 
only difference from example 1 would be the fact that it must be registered 
with the Central Bank and it would involved transfer of foreign currency.
Commodity swap between two offshore companies but involving Brazilian exports:
I am not sure if Brazilian regulations would have anything to do with a 
transaction like this one. I would assume that a Brazilian exporter would 
sell to their offshore subsidiary and such subsidiary would sell to their end 
customer. Enron would step in and offer a swap agreement for the offshore 
subsidiary of the Brazilian company therefore Enron would not have any 
involvement with Brazilian regulations because it would not be dealing with 
Brazil. 
Prepays (Pulp & Paper, Petrochem, Power)
The regulations currently in force governing export prepayments, especially 
Central Bank of Brazil's Carta-Circular 2624, of February 14, 1996, establish 
that all repayments of principal under such transactions must necessarily be 
made by means of shipments of the relevant exported goods.  Carta-Circular 
2624 allows cash remittances abroad only in regard to payments of interest 
under the facility.  Therefore, it is not possible to structure a transaction 
where the repayment of principal will be made only in cash or where the 
borrower has the ability to choose between paying cash or exporting the goods.
A transaction that involves structuring a direct loan to the Brazilian 
company where the value of the principal of which would be tied to the price 
of the relevant commodity is very difficult to be approved.  Under a direct 
loan registered with the Central Bank the borrower may remit all due amounts 
of principal and interest in accordance with the schedule of payments 
attached to the certificate of registration. The problem with such 
alternative is that, although there are no express regulations preventing it 
to do so, the Central Bank will most probably not issue a prior authorization 
for such type of loan, as it only normally issues authorizations for normal 
loans where the principal is a fixed amount and the interest rate is either a 
fixed rate or a floating rate (normally based on LIBOR or US Treasury).  It 
should also be noted that generally speaking all interest payments under such 
an agreement are subject to withholding tax at the rate of 15% p.a.
CC 5 Account
A possible alternative way to structure a prepay would be by using a 
non-registered loan with the Central Bank.  Under such alternative, the funds 
disbursed by Enron under the loan would be remitted to Brazil through an 
international transfer of Brazilian currency, as allowed by Circular 2677 of 
the Central Bank of Brazil. The international transfer of Brazilian currency 
("International Transfer") is a system which uses a non-resident current 
account in Brazil and the Brazilian interbank foreign exchange market to 
effect remittances of funds to and from Brazil.  Under such system, a lender 
that wishes to disburse funds to a Brazilian borrower makes a foreign 
currency deposit with a bank located outside of Brazil ("offshore bank")  and 
instructs the offshore bank to deliver such dollars to a Brazilian bank in 
exchange for Brazilian currency.  Such Brazilian currency is then deposited 
in a non-resident account held by the offshore bank in Brazil and thereafter 
transferred to the borrower. The repayments follow the inverse procedure, 
i.e. the borrower deposits the amount in a non-resident account of an 
offshore bank and instructs it to exchange the funds into foreign currency 
and deliver them to the lender abroad.
The main differences between the registered loans and the non-registered 
loans are that the non-registered loans are not subject to prior approval by 
the Central Bank of Brazil (and therefore not subject to scrutiny as to their 
minimum tenors and applicable interest rates) and the applicable foreign 
exchange rate to non-registered loans is the floating rate (as opposed to the 
commercial rate of exchange). All transfers of funds to Brazil as 
International Transfers are subject to a Financial Transactions Tax ("IOF at the rate of 2% on the amount transferred, plus a bank fee that normally 
ranges from 0.4% to 0.6% of such amount.  Any interest payments under a 
non-registered loan are subject to withholding tax at the rate of 15% (or 25% 
if the lender is located in a tax-haven jurisdiction).
I don't think this type of transaction is the best way to circumvent some of 
the Brazilian regulations regarding prepayment given the bad press that deals 
via the CC 5 Account mechanism would bring to Enron but I have it addressed 
just in case someone does not share the same opinion. 
Examples
Financial prepay between two Brazilian companies
Not allowed unless the company providing the prepay qualifies as a financial 
institution as per Brazilian law. Since it will not be the case in Enron's 
cases, we should not focus in these kind of transactions.
Financial prepay between a Brazilian company and an offshore company
As it has been mentioned before it is allowed as long as Enron can structure 
the prepay in way where there is a pre-established amortization schedule for 
principal and interest. It is very hard to structure a prepay with specific 
split between principal and interest because the objective of the prepay is 
to lock on a certain volume of a product and not on a specific price. 
Therefore, if Enron prepays for a specific product on a floating basis the 
attached value of that commodity can go up or down as the market fluctuates 
as well as the total value associate to the deal. Such value can be either 
principal or interest and it is impossible to determine what it will be.
Financial prepay between two offshore companies but one being a subsidiary of 
a Brazilian entity
I think there is no restrictions in this case given the whole deal will be 
closed offshore and the Brazilian authorities are not going to be involved. 
It will most likely be a deal involving three parties: a company in Brazil, 
its offshore subsidiary and Enron.
Physical prepay between two Brazilian companies
No restrictions.
Physical prepay between a Brazilian company and an offshore company
No restrictions as long as there is physical deliveries.
Physical prepay between two offshore companies but  involving Brazilian 
exports
No restrictions. It would also involve three parties: a company in Brazil, 
its offshore subsidiary and Enron.
Thanks,
Gustavo
AFAC and Marcelo:  I hope this message finds you both well.  I would like to 
finalize the matrix which was prepared last year so that we can create a 
"baseline" for future updates.  Please feel free to date the matrix as of 
December, 1999, if you wish.  Please forward any recent changes to me for 
comment  and I will respond immediately.  Then we can move on to other 
things!  Thanks for your help and attention to this mattter.   .  Sara  
Dear Sara:
Thank you for your E-mail below. We will be reflecting the new changes in the 
regulations in the chart and will be sending it to your review as soon as 
possible.
Kind 
Marcelo Rodrigues
>> "Sara Shackleton Greetings to you both!  It has been awhile since we last spoke.  I would like 
to
finalize the matrix which we have been discussing since the latter part of 
1999.
Although we were awaiting new Central Bank regulations, I am beginning to 
think
that the Central Bank revisions will not impact the matrix except with respect
to transactions which may be entered into by entities that are the subject of
the Central Bank regulations.  Please let me know whether or not you agree or
can offer any suggestions.  Thanks and  .  Sara
Thanks for the redraft!  I am looking at the agreement now.  Also, I thought 
you would be interested in Mark's comment.  I would like to use arbitration 
in lieu of jurisdiction.  Please make that change and forward to me.  I will 
mark up with comments.  Thanks so much for your help.  Sara
Mark Elliott
05/04/2000 03:19 AM
The Enron policy for our English law Master is for arbitration - although I 
have to say, for purely financial contracts, I myself always prefer the 
Courts.
Kind  
Mark  
Sara Shackleton
04/05/2000 01:00
Mark:  Thanks so much for your explanation earlier today.  Just one more 
question, please:  is arbitration or litigation the preferance under English 
law?  How often do you negotiate to the contrary?  Thanks.  Sara
Please follow up with counterparty for executed doc and enter into Lotus 
Notes.  INSIST on commercial help now if there's a problem.
(1)  Please change Consolidated Papers Inc. to "medium" priority.
(2)  Please follow up on James Hardie and enter into Lotus Notes.
Susan:  Would you please follow up with Bridgeline now as I am preparing a 
futures agreement for them!  We need them to get their act together Thanks.  Sara
This applies to all counterparties!
Paul Simons
05/25/99 11:04 AM
It has recently emerged that we have concluded financially-settled trades 
from London with Sempra in the name of ECT (Houston).
Unfortunately, this could create a significant tax issue for ECT (Houston) 
i.e. a taxable presence in the UK.
Therefore, if we wish to continue trading with Sempra from London, we must 
trade in the name of ECTI (aka ECTRIC), but not ECT (Houston 
This principle applies generally  - London should not bind ECT (Houston) to 
trades with counterparties.
Please call Janine Juggins or myself if you would like to discuss this.
Paul
Tanya:  There's no short answer with these people!  I think we are fine with 
their setoff language (part A only) because the NDP always has the option to 
permit setoff to other agreements between the parties as to amounts payable 
by the Payee to the Payer (where the Payer owes money under the ISDA to the 
Payee).  So here's my recommendation:
(1)  Call your friend Andre and hear what he has to say.  He has some kind of 
suggestion about Part (B) and limiting the NDP's payment to the DP to be 
based upon satisfaction that "nondisputed" amounts having been paid by the 
DP.  Will he also raise the "other agreements" issue here?  Not a clue.
(2)   If Cargill leaves part A in tact and we agree to change part B, I'M 
FINE.  (I'm fine without part B, actually)
(3)  The potential problem is that Cargill and ENA view part A differently, 
right off the bat.  I think Cargill is wrong because they don't read part A 
as applying to "other agreements between the parties".  But Cargill proposed 
part A and it DOES apply to "other agreememts between the parties."  I don't 
want to start off on the wrong foot so I'm sure I'll have to discuss this 
again with Marty.
Thanks for your continued help.  Sara
Hi, Sami!  Sorry we missed the call yesterday.  I just wanted to update you 
on some of the financial trading issues in Brazil (and I have added you to 
the working group list).  I am going to finalize our "swap matrix" for 
Brazil.  On the physical trading side, I had asked a physical trading lawyer 
to call you and am wondering if Elizabeth Sager ever called or emailed Please let me know.  Thanks.  Sara 
Dear Sara:
Thank you for your message below. Please find attached hereto free 
translation into English of new foreign investor's regulations in Brazil. We 
are preparing a memo to you in connection with such new regulations and are 
finalizing the matrix prepared last year. We will send them to you shortly.
Kind 
Marcelo Rodrigues
>> "Sara Shackleton AFAC and Marcelo:  I hope this message finds you both well.  I would like to
finalize the matrix which was prepared last year so that we can create a
"baseline" for future updates.  Please feel free to date the matrix as of
December, 1999, if you wish.  Please forward any recent changes to me for
comment  and I will respond immediately.  Then we can move on to other things!
Thanks for your help and attention to this mattter.   .  Sara
Dear Sara:
Thank you for your E-mail below. We will be reflecting the new changes in the
regulations in the chart and will be sending it to your review as soon as
possible.
Kind 
Marcelo Rodrigues
>> "Sara Shackleton Greetings to you both!  It has been awhile since we last spoke.  I would like 
to
finalize the matrix which we have been discussing since the latter part of 
1999.
Although we were awaiting new Central Bank regulations, I am beginning to 
think
that the Central Bank revisions will not impact the matrix except with respect
to transactions which may be entered into by entities that are the subject of
the Central Bank regulations.  Please let me know whether or not you agree or
can offer any suggestions.  Thanks and  .  Sara
- Res2689a.doc
- Ins325a.doc
That will be fine.  Sara
Sara,
Nick Stephan has agreed to meet with us to inform us about various aspects of 
securities/commodities/futures trading.  Both Nick and I are flexible on our 
schedules, but propose Tuesday at 10:00am for a one-hour initial meeting Please confirm whether this will work for you (or propose an alternate 
day/time) so I can make arrangements for a meeting room.
Paul
Edward:  See attached revision (and please copy me if sent).  Thanks.  SS
Roy:  Call me and let's coordinate.  Sara
Pushkar Shahi
04/13/2000 01:14 PM
As discussed please take a look at the agreement. Roy Ibasco will be 
following up with you after you speak to Harry.
Please call me if you have any questions at 853-9199.
,
Pushkar Shahi
The Goldman Sachs Client Access Agreement (the "Agreement") and/or Schedule
A -- Electronic Trading Services ("Schedule A") are attached for your review
and signature. The Agreement and Schedule A are required for each legal
entity whose trading personnel are enabled to access Goldman Sachs'
electronic trading systems.  The documents must be signed by an authorized
signatory of the legal entity(ies) on whose behalf each enabled person is
authorized to trade. The list of persons within your organizaton that have
been enabled to access Goldman Sachs electronic trading systems and their
associated legal entity(ies) are listed below.  If the Legal Entity name is
incorrect, please indicate the appropriate name for purposes of this
Agreement and Schedule A.
Enabled users       Legal Entity
Please complete, date and sign both the Agreement and Schedule A separately.
Please pay special attention to the following points:
* At the top of the document -- "Client:"  Fill in the legal name and
the address of the entity that will execute both the Agreement and Schedule
A. If the document is intended to cover more than one entity, please list in
a separate annex each entity that the document covers.
* Next to the line "Attn:"  Fill in the name and title of the
authorized person that is signing the document on behalf of the legal
entity.
Please return the completed and signed documents via fax to:
GS contact: Vivian Siao
Fax:  212-428-1872
Phone:  212-902-1429
Any questions regarding the Agreement or Schedule A should be directed to
the GS contact listed above.
Vivian Siao Stephan
Fixed Income, Currency & Commodities Compliance
Tel:   (212) 902-1429
Fax:   (212) 428-1872
- Client Access Agreement.pdf
- Schedule A E-Trading.pdf
Susan:  Attached are the electronic agreements for ENA trading with Goldman Not much to do here because we'll need only  a signature (get Gary Hickerson 
to sign).  I have two changes to the Client Access Agreement which I will 
give you to add.  We do not need certificates or our typical authorized 
trader list to send back.  However, we will have to authorize password 
applicants on Goldman's form.  How does EOL keep track of this?  We will have 
to track because Harry Arora will be the password applicant (there may be 
more) and I think he's still ENA.  I know that we will want to receive the 
password very soon.  Thanks.  Sara
Pushkar Shahi
04/13/2000 01:14 PM
As discussed please take a look at the agreement. Roy Ibasco will be 
following up with you after you speak to Harry.
Please call me if you have any questions at 853-9199.
,
Pushkar Shahi
The Goldman Sachs Client Access Agreement (the "Agreement") and/or Schedule
A -- Electronic Trading Services ("Schedule A") are attached for your review
and signature. The Agreement and Schedule A are required for each legal
entity whose trading personnel are enabled to access Goldman Sachs'
electronic trading systems.  The documents must be signed by an authorized
signatory of the legal entity(ies) on whose behalf each enabled person is
authorized to trade. The list of persons within your organizaton that have
been enabled to access Goldman Sachs electronic trading systems and their
associated legal entity(ies) are listed below.  If the Legal Entity name is
incorrect, please indicate the appropriate name for purposes of this
Agreement and Schedule A.
Enabled users       Legal Entity
Please complete, date and sign both the Agreement and Schedule A separately.
Please pay special attention to the following points:
* At the top of the document -- "Client:"  Fill in the legal name and
the address of the entity that will execute both the Agreement and Schedule
A. If the document is intended to cover more than one entity, please list in
a separate annex each entity that the document covers.
* Next to the line "Attn:"  Fill in the name and title of the
authorized person that is signing the document on behalf of the legal
entity.
Please return the completed and signed documents via fax to:
GS contact: Vivian Siao
Fax:  212-428-1872
Phone:  212-902-1429
Any questions regarding the Agreement or Schedule A should be directed to
the GS contact listed above.
Vivian Siao Stephan
Fixed Income, Currency & Commodities Compliance
Tel:   (212) 902-1429
Fax:   (212) 428-1872
- Client Access Agreement.pdf
- Schedule A E-Trading.pdf
Please put attached in the SITA file.  The ISDA parties are ENA and SITA Michael Khajeh-No in the London office will be negotiating this agreement 
with SITA on behalf of ENA.
Michael Khajeh-Noori
05/05/2000 10:54 AM
Sara
In advance of your calling me later this afternoon, I set out below some 
thoughts the issues to be discussed:
1. Jurisdiction - under the English law Annex the preferable route is 
recourse to the courts - I can confirm that this is Enron London's policy.
2, Non-reliance:  From our telephone conversation yesterday, I understood 
that you said that the CP would be relying on us.  I believe that this should 
not be the case and the usual non-reliance provisions should apply.  If this 
is not the case, then
3. the additional para. (h) that you faxed me earlier today, I am informed, 
is unnecessary.  I also understand that the practical effect of those 
provisions might be to scare the CP.
Please call me so that we can discuss any of the above and/or to confirm that 
you are happy for the documents to go out to the CP.
Thanks
Michael
Jay:  I am a lawyer with Enron.  I called for you on Friday, you're out, and 
no one else could help.  I would like to speak with a Vitol lawyer about (1) 
replacing our existing financial master with an ISDA (to accommodate a 
broader range of products) and (2) specifically incorporating the relevant 
ISDA definitions into the recent weather transaction confirmations even 
though the master is an early master energy price swap agreement.  Please 
call me at 713 853-5620 with the information so that we can move quickly Thank you for your help.  Sara
Susan:  for the SITA file.
Michael Khajeh-Noori
05/05/2000 11:39 AM
Dear Ms Lavergne
Further to my email of 14 April 2000 attaching the first drafts of the 
Schedule and the CSA to the Agreement and the Parent Guaranty, I attach 
revised first drafts blacklined against the previous version to show changes.
These contain minor changes predominantly resulting from changing the Enron 
I look forward to hearing from  you.  If I am unavailable please contact my 
colleague, Deepak Sitlani who is also working on this matter (also on 
telephone number +44 20 7783 4539).
Kind  
Michael Khajeh-Noori
Tana:  Please see Sami's message below.  Is there something you can send?  SS
Sami Arap@_DEVELOPMENT
05/05/2000 09:18 AM
Sara;
Are you also involved in EnronOnLine ?  I only got a copy of an EOL summary 
but would like to receive a more detailed memo about such business.  Can you 
provide me with any additional materials 
Thanks,
Sami
Sara Shackleton@ECT
05/04/2000 04:29 PM
Hi, Sami!  Sorry we missed the call yesterday.  I just wanted to update you 
on some of the financial trading issues in Brazil (and I have added you to 
the working group list).  I am going to finalize our "swap matrix" for 
Brazil.  On the physical trading side, I had asked a physical trading lawyer 
to call you and am wondering if Elizabeth Sager ever called or emailed Please let me know.  Thanks.  Sara 
Dear Sara:
Thank you for your message below. Please find attached hereto free 
translation into English of new foreign investor's regulations in Brazil. We 
are preparing a memo to you in connection with such new regulations and are 
finalizing the matrix prepared last year. We will send them to you shortly.
Kind 
Marcelo Rodrigues
>> "Sara Shackleton AFAC and Marcelo:  I hope this message finds you both well.  I would like to
finalize the matrix which was prepared last year so that we can create a
"baseline" for future updates.  Please feel free to date the matrix as of
December, 1999, if you wish.  Please forward any recent changes to me for
comment  and I will respond immediately.  Then we can move on to other things!
Thanks for your help and attention to this mattter.   .  Sara
Dear Sara:
Thank you for your E-mail below. We will be reflecting the new changes in the
regulations in the chart and will be sending it to your review as soon as
possible.
Kind 
Marcelo Rodrigues
>> "Sara Shackleton Greetings to you both!  It has been awhile since we last spoke.  I would like 
to
finalize the matrix which we have been discussing since the latter part of 
1999.
Although we were awaiting new Central Bank regulations, I am beginning to 
think
that the Central Bank revisions will not impact the matrix except with respect
to transactions which may be entered into by entities that are the subject of
the Central Bank regulations.  Please let me know whether or not you agree or
can offer any suggestions.  Thanks and  .  Sara
- Res2689a.doc
- Ins325a.doc
Attached is a form (NOT OFFICIALLY APPROVED) for use with the omnibus.  It is 
different from the version which you e-mailed to me earlier.  SS
Barbara:  Ted Murphy asked if we would negotiate a futures agreement (for 
Bridgeline) with Sakura Dellsher, Inc.  You may recall that we previously 
handled the ADM Investor Services, Inc. futures arrangement for Bridgeline Sara
Kim:  Thanks for your call.  Legal received credit for Tuscon on 5/1/00 from 
Ed Sacks.  Susan Flynn is preparing the ISDA agreement to send to the 
counterparty.  Let me know if you have any other questions. Sara
Susan:  Please let Kim know when the draft will be sent.  Thanks.  Sara
Susan:  I would like to have this agreement (all three parts) executed early 
INSERT 1 to Paragraph 9(g) after the word "enjoined":  "upon proof of any 
such breach"
INSERT 2 which will replace the second and third sentences in Paragraph 9(h) 
:  "Any dispute between the parties relating to this Agreement shall be 
resolved pursuant to the ARBITRATION provision contained in Schedule A to 
this Agreement."
For purposes of the password ID application, we must verify that Harry Arora 
is still authorized to trade for ENA (and employed by ENA).
Roy Ibasco is coordinating for Harry.
After signing, we can fax to Goldman and I have the fax info.  Thanks.  Sara 
Per my voice mail.
Sami Arap@_DEVELOPMENT
05/05/2000 09:18 AM
Sara;
Are you also involved in EnronOnLine ?  I only got a copy of an EOL summary 
but would like to receive a more detailed memo about such business.  Can you 
provide me with any additional materials 
Thanks,
Sami
Sara Shackleton@ECT
05/04/2000 04:29 PM
Hi, Sami!  Sorry we missed the call yesterday.  I just wanted to update you 
on some of the financial trading issues in Brazil (and I have added you to 
the working group list).  I am going to finalize our "swap matrix" for 
Brazil.  On the physical trading side, I had asked a physical trading lawyer 
to call you and am wondering if Elizabeth Sager ever called or emailed Please let me know.  Thanks.  Sara 
Dear Sara:
Thank you for your message below. Please find attached hereto free 
translation into English of new foreign investor's regulations in Brazil. We 
are preparing a memo to you in connection with such new regulations and are 
finalizing the matrix prepared last year. We will send them to you shortly.
Kind 
Marcelo Rodrigues
>> "Sara Shackleton AFAC and Marcelo:  I hope this message finds you both well.  I would like to
finalize the matrix which was prepared last year so that we can create a
"baseline" for future updates.  Please feel free to date the matrix as of
December, 1999, if you wish.  Please forward any recent changes to me for
comment  and I will respond immediately.  Then we can move on to other things!
Thanks for your help and attention to this mattter.   .  Sara
Dear Sara:
Thank you for your E-mail below. We will be reflecting the new changes in the
regulations in the chart and will be sending it to your review as soon as
possible.
Kind 
Marcelo Rodrigues
>> "Sara Shackleton Greetings to you both!  It has been awhile since we last spoke.  I would like 
to
finalize the matrix which we have been discussing since the latter part of 
1999.
Although we were awaiting new Central Bank regulations, I am beginning to 
think
that the Central Bank revisions will not impact the matrix except with respect
to transactions which may be entered into by entities that are the subject of
the Central Bank regulations.  Please let me know whether or not you agree or
can offer any suggestions.  Thanks and  .  Sara
- Res2689a.doc
- Ins325a.doc
clean copy of fax I left for you on Friday.  Sara
Please complete and return with the Client Access Agreement and the Schedule
A.
Thanks,
Marielle Sack
FICC Compliance
Goldman, Sachs & Co.
(212) 357-8513
- authorized user annex to Schedule A-ETS.pdf
Ted:  Later this morning, we will be sending the Goldman electronic agreement 
for execution.  Harry Arora will be the only "trader" authorized to receive a 
password for ENA.  We will ask Harry to advise us when he is finished and can 
then terminate (if we wish) once Harry has reviewed the website for Enron 
Networks.  Thanks.  Sara
In connection with the "upgrading" of these old ERMS masters, I have limited 
information which Jeff Nogid (X34782) will verify.  Please verify spelling of 
names, addresses, etc.
Morgan Guaranty Trust - legal is Michael Stolfi (212-648-8231) or the trader 
is Henry Stuart (212-648-9057)
Morgan Stanley - Jeff will get the info today
We should include a cover letter in each indicating the reason why we are 
submitting.  Let me know if you have any questions.  Thanks. Sara
I will deliver a new version which you can "fix" and send to Elizabeth.  SS
Elizabeth Serralheiro@_DEVELOPMENT
05/08/2000 06:49 AM
Please send me your updated report today till 5:00 p.m. Brazil time.
,
Elizabeth.
Scott:  Thanks for the delivery.  I didn't receive anything last week.   Sara
Sara:
Last week I had sent you a final version of the memorandum regarding pulp and
paper transactions (with attachment).  However, this morning I had an
computer-generated error message regarding that transmission.  I am sending 
you
the files again just in case you didn't receive them or couldn't open them.
If you would like a hard copy, please e-mail me back and I will send you a 
set.
Thanks.
Scott Eckas
212-504-6968
(See attached file: 0463515.04)(See attached file: 0464504.01)
|NOTE:  The information in this email is confidential and may be |legally privileged.  If you are not the intended recipient, you |must not read, use or disseminate the information.  Although this |
|email and any attachments are believed to be free of any virus or |
|other defect that might affect any computer system into which it |is received and opened, it is the responsibility of the recipient |
|to ensure that it is virus free and no responsibility is accepted |
|by Cadwalader, Wickersham & Taft for any loss or damage arising in|
|any way from its use  
- 0463515.04
- 0464504.01
David Minns@_DEVELOPMENT
04/11/2000 12:26 AM
Shari, Westpac have contacted me re putting in place an ISDA with EAF. As far 
as we ar concerned it will cover just power trades and commodities. A couple 
of questions. 
Our credit sheet required a MAC trigger (fall below BBB-) for additional 
credit support. Was this changed? The ISDA Schedule Westpac sent me has no 
such provision Can I have a copy of the Enron Corp.guaranty you finally settled with 
Westpac 
Thanks
mlindeman@westpac.com.au on 04/11/2000 03:16:02 PM
David,
Further to our telephone conversation, please find attached a draft copy of 
the
Schedule to the ISDA Master Agreement.  I have based this draft on the 
recently
I would be grateful if you could review this draft and advise me of any 
comments
that you may have.  If you require a copy of the American Schedule, please let
me know and I will be happy to forward one to you.
As a  Guarantee is to be provided by Enron Corp, I would be grateful if you
could supply a copy of this document for our review.
Please do not hesitate to contact me on any  of the numbers below should you
have any questions.
Thank you for your assistance and I look forward to hearing from you very
shortly.
Margaret Lindeman
Documentation Administrator
Documentation Support, Markets
IB Legal
Direct Telephone:   9284 8671
Facsimile Number:   9283 1861
Email Address:      mlindeman@westpac.com.au
(See attached file: 3050 enron australia finance.doc)
- 3050 enron australia finance.doc
Attached is a "high volume" counterparty list for two categories.  With 
respect to the first category, Carol is handling BPAmoco and I am speaking 
with Cargill.  Should we address Neumin?  And should we actively try to 
replace existing ECT masters with ISDA's?  Sara
As per your request :
Largest Trading Partners for the First Half of 1999:
Without Master Agreements:
BPAmoco Corporation  177   trades
Cargill Incorporated    97   trades
Neumin Production Co    89   trades
With ECT Master Agreements:
Aquila Risk Management 855   trades
El Paso Energy Marketing 684   trades
Statoil Energy Trading  531   trades
Enserch Energy Services 441   trades
Reliant Energy Services 436   trades
J. Aron & Company  435   trades - this counterparty confirms ECT (we sign 
their paper)
Sempra Energy Trading 361   trades
Entergy Power Marketing 336   trades
Morgan Stanley Capital Group 328   trades
Sonat Marketing Co LP  314   trades
Dynegy Marketing and Trade 311   trades
Occidental Energy Marketing 213   trades
if you need any additional info, just let me know...thanks...mgg
Call me.
David Minns@_DEVELOPMENT
05/08/2000 04:29 PM
Sara, further to my email. Has the confirmation for the Melbourne HDD swap 
with Aquila been signed yet. If it has we need to do the "back to back" 
confirmation with EAF 
David Minns
04/27/2000 02:44 PM
Sara I agree that the confirmation should be in a form that is acceptable to 
ENA. We attempted to put use an ENA confirmation format. I have incorporated 
your comments into our latest draft. I did this with some caution as there 
appears to be slight differences between it and the draft you sent me. I 
suggest if you find our section 2 satisfactory then you lift it and place it 
in your standard confirmation. On the issues you raised.
1 October is correct as the termination date as time is measured from 9am 
each day. Hence 30 September finishes at 8:59am on 1 October The Payment Date should be at least 20 Business Days after the BoM readings 
to determine the Floating Amount. An alternative wording could be "the 
earlier of the [specified date] or 20 Business Days after  The "Strike Amount Differential" and  "Payment Amount" could be worded 
alternatively as in the pro forma ENA confirmation attached 
Would you forward your final wording. 
David Minns
04/27/2000 09:23 AM
Thanks for that Shari. I have your fax. I will respond today  
Sara Shackleton@ECT
04/27/2000 08:54 AM
Hi, David!  Hope all is well.  Since the referenced swap has been documented 
by ENA, I am now reviewing the Transaction.  I have a number of questions, 
many the result of my unfamiliarity with your Australian Reference/Fallback 
weather stations and a few other comments.  I thought I would mark this up 
and fax it to you which I will do shortly.  Sara
Trena:  Can you please let me know if the docs from Chase are to amend the 
existing Repo Agreement between ENA and Chase?  What type of transactions 
will you be doing with Chase?  The docs I received are from a woman named 
Monica Turner and she has not returned my phone call.  She did not provide an 
email address so I don't know how to get in touch with Chase.  Can you help Maybe get me another name?  Thanks.  Sara
Sami:  Attached are the most recent ENA power trading agreements.  Parts of 
the agreements may be useful to you and/or Jose Emilio (or whomever you are 
working with).  Tozzini began with the earlier ENA template.  Please forward 
any translated trading docs to my attention.  Thanks.  Let me know if there 
is anything else I can do.  Sara
Sara --  As discussed last Friday, attached is the referenced agreement 
reflecting the power group's most current thinking, though it has not yet 
been finalized or rolled out.  I also attach the 'long form confirmation' 
used for trading wholesale power with counterparties who have not executed a 
master agreement or other sort of enabling agreement with EPMI.  The latter 
document has not been updated in about nine months' time and thus may not 
reflect all proposed changes to the master.   The formatting may also be out 
of kilter on Annex  A of the latter document but I believe it should be 
usable by the person you are assisting in Brazil.  Please  contact me if you 
have any questions.  --David 
Jeff:  Are there any  issues that I might address that would be particularly 
useful or timely for your group?  Sara
Bob:  Are there any issues that might be useful for your goup that I should 
address?  Also, I would like to chat with you about settlements on multiple 
trades.  An interesting issue was raised in our credit lunch last week Please let me know when you are available.  Thanks.  Sara
Sheila:  Per my voice mail, can you make headway with these two companies We have not heard back from either.  I think that there needs to be a 
commercial push.  Please call if you have any questions or if I can help 
further.  Thanks.  Sara
Tana:  When will the database be ready for companywide access?  Sara
Tana:  I added several brokerage agreements to the database yesterday and all 
ended up in the "Other Agreements" section.  Except for one, which is an 
"electronic trading agreement".  Can I call our developer?  Thanks.  Sara
Hi, Andrea!  Attached are updated power trading forms currently in use by 
ENA.  I thought these may be useful.  I have forwarded these already to 
Sami.  Let me know if I can be of any assistance or if you have a recent 
English translation of a current deal.   .  Sara
Sara --  As discussed last Friday, attached is the referenced agreement 
reflecting the power group's most current thinking, though it has not yet 
been finalized or rolled out.  I also attach the 'long form confirmation' 
used for trading wholesale power with counterparties who have not executed a 
master agreement or other sort of enabling agreement with EPMI.  The latter 
document has not been updated in about nine months' time and thus may not 
reflect all proposed changes to the master.   The formatting may also be out 
of kilter on Annex  A of the latter document but I believe it should be 
usable by the person you are assisting in Brazil.  Please  contact me if you 
have any questions.  --David 
Jeff Seely  Please respond to jeffseely_ceo@netstock.com
Dear Sara,
Thank you for recently visiting ShareBuilder and opening your new account!
I hope you're excited to put the benefits of ShareBuilder to work in your
investment portfolio.  Regular investing over time can help you build wealth
with the stocks you believe in.
With ShareBuilder, we have made it easy by setting no account or investment
minimums; you simply choose which stocks you want to invest in, how often
you would like to invest (weekly, monthly or on a one-time basis), and how
you would like to fund your account.
Investors have already begun to accumulate some of the biggest name stocks.
Below are the most popular companies chosen by thousands of ShareBuilders
over the last few weeks:
1. Cisco - CSCO
2. Microsoft - MSFT
3. America Online - AOL
4. Nasdaq-100 - QQQ
5. Wal-Mart - WMT
6. Intel - INTC
7. Home Depot - HD
8. Lucent - LU
9. Qualcomm - QCOM
10. General Electric - GE
While ShareBuilder does the work for you, it can't start a recurring
dollar-based investment plan until you create a ShareBuilder Plan and specify 
how
you want to fund your account.  I would like to encourage you to complete
your ShareBuilder Plan at  
Once you've completed your ShareBuilder Plan you only need to choose a
funding option to begin investing.  We offer three easy ways to fund your
ShareBuilder Plan: automatic transfers from your checking account, automatic
payroll deductions from your employer, or simply mail us a check.
If you have any questions along the way, please don't hesitate to contact
one of our customer care agents at mailto:customercare@netstock.com or call
us directly at 1-888-NET-STOK between the hours of 6 AM and 6 PM Pacific
Time, Monday through Friday.
ShareBuilder makes so much sense as part of your long-term investment
strategy. Visit us at   and start putting 
ShareBuilder
to work for you today!
,
Jeff Seely
President & CEO
Netstock Investment Corporation
P.S. If you do not wish to continue to receive these updates, you may
unsubscribe by visiting the "Account" section of the ShareBuilder site, 
clicking
"Profile", choosing "Account Information", and unchecking the "I am willing
to receive emails" checkbox at the bottom of the page.
Netstock Investment Corporation is a registered broker-dealer and a member
of the NASD and SIPC.
Anita:  It was great hearing from you and it sounds as though you have lots 
going on!
I am trying to refresh myself on the type of trading activity which is 
currently taking place in Singapore (physical vs. financial, types of 
commodities) and the confirmation procedures (what is confirmed in Singapore 
vs. what is confirmed in London).  Is there a written set of procedures that 
I can see?  Should I be asking this question of Paul Simons? anyone else Please send me an e-mail.  These issues are arising because of my involvement 
in working with the Brazilian office.  Thanks.  Looking forward to speaking 
to you soon.  Sara
It seems that there are only a few issues for me to respond as to and these 
are below.  You can handle the rest, I think.  Also, he jumped on the L/C 
removal language that we discussed.
[references are to numbered paragraphs below]
(2)  OK
(5)  Did you ever receive a response from Rhett?
(7)  Per already responded to you.  Please find out if CP has Cayman counsel.
(11)  These are two separate issues.  Short of a conversation, it sounds like 
he is confusing payments on Early Termination with consequential damages The former will capture unpaid premiums in the event of an Early Termination 
based upon failure to pay.
(12)  Need to be consistent for both parties.
(14)  Is he right?
(15)  Verify with Rod.
(17)  I think I reviewed this point already, didn't I?
(19)  Check with Rod and I'll also review.
See Tudo's comments to our revised draft of the ISDA below. 
"Daniel A Harris"  	05/09/2000 05:47 AM
Susan,
Thank you for the revised drafts. My comments are as follows:
(1) Please date the Master Agreement as of February 1, 2000.
(2) Part 1(a) -Specified Entities. As Enron Corp guarantees the performance of
Enron NAC's obligations under the Agreement, please add the words "Enron Corp,
but only to the extent that Enron Corp is a Credit Support Provider". This 
seems
reasonable.
(3) Please re-number the pages so that the Schedule starts on page 19 and the
Paragraph 13 starts on page 11.
(4) Part 1(e) - Payments on Early Termination. I am checking with Tudor as to
whether they are agreeable to Loss for trades going out beyond two years. I
would say, however, that I am not aware that they have agreed to this with any
other counterparty. That said, Per's point that the trades are much shorter 
than
this is noted.
(5) Part 2(b) - Payee tax reps. Ospraie never makes payee tax reps other than
relating to its place of incorporation.  If this is an important point for 
you,
I will get out tax group involved.  However, Tudor prefers that neither party
makes payee tax reps.
(6) Part 3(b) - Documents to be Delivered.  Party B annual financials - should
read "... 120 days after the end of its fiscal year".
(7) Part 3(b) - legal opinion. Please confirm that you will pay the costs of
Cayman counsel.
(8) Part 4(h) - Jurisdiction.  I am checking with Tudor as "any court" is much
broader than the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the NY courts.
(9) Part 5(b)(g) - Commercial User rep. Tudor cannot make this rep. Please
replace with the following: "Party A represents, with respect to Options, that
it is a producer, processor, commercial user of, or merchant handling, the
commodity subject to the Transaction or the products or byproducts thereof, 
and
is entering into each Option Transaction solely for purposes related to its
business as such".
(10) Part 5(f) - Procedures for Entering into Transactions. Please remove the
word "deemed" in the last line. This is no longer relevant.
(11) Part 5(i). I am checking with Tudor. Is the "no consequential damages"
consistent with Part 7 which expressly provides for the payment of out of 
pocket
expenses, the costs of a delta hedge etc. on non-payment of premium in a
currency option?
(12) Part 5(k) - Transfer.  For the part of the paragraph relating to Party A,
please change the proviso to read "and provided that such transfer will not 
give
rise to adverse tax consequences to Party B or to a Termination Event or an
Event of Default, and the proposed transfer would not adversely affect Party 
B's
existing netting or set-off rights or under applicable law".  The part of the
paragraph relating to Party B should provide: "Party B may transfer its rights
and obligations under this Agreement with the prior written consent of Party 
A,
such consent not to be unreasonably withheld."  These amendments are intended 
to
be reasonable and fair to both sides.
(13) Part 6 - line 2 "Definitions" - typo.
(14) Part 7(b) - please remove the reference to "ISDA". The FX Definitions are
previously defined in Part 5(e).
(15) Para 13(b)(ii). Please include longer term Treasuries. My understanding 
is
that this is what has been agreed, but please let me know if this is not your
understanding and I will check with Tudor.
(16) Para 13 (b)(iii). Please remove the reference to L/Cs.
(17) Para 13(d) - Specified Condition (Tax Event) should refer to Section
6(b)(ii) and Specified Condition (TEUM) should refer to Section 6(b)(iii).
(18) Para 13(g). I will check with Tudor.
(19) Para 13(g). I think references to "Downgraded Party" and "Credit Rating
Event" are inappropriate. Please clarify. Is there any way you will agree to 
the
provisions of Paragraph 6(c) without more? What seems to be important is that
the Secured Party is not a Defaulting Party - i.e. Para 13(g)(i)(1) (not (2 This is consistent with Para 6(c) of the pre-printed form. Para 13(h) is 
related
to this issue.
(20) Para 13(i) and (j) - please remove. L/C-related provisions are no longer
relevant.
I look forward to receving revised drafts of the Schedule, Paragraph 13 and
guarantee in due course.
Kind 
Please the attached letter, revised draft of the ISDA Schedule and Credit
Support Annex, and redline of the ISDA Schedule and Credit Support Annex 
marked
to show the changes made from the previous version.
(See attached file: 164ltr.doc)
(See attached file: 347ctr-a.doc)
(See attached file: 347CTR-A(RED).DOC)
- 164ltr.doc
- 347ctr-a.doc
- 347CTR-A(RED).DOC
Susan:  I have given this to Jason.  SS
David:  I will try to call you before I leave work today to follow up with 
any questions you may have with respect to the following items:
(1)  I am having the Representative Agreement executed by ENA and will return 
an original to your attention.  Shari suggested that Susan Musch initial the 
agreement and Susan is out until May 22.
(2)  The ENA/Aquila weather deal has not been finalized ONLY because I have 
been waiting to actually view the Floating Price source materials which our 
traders have never been able to produce or cite a reference to (so that I 
could view).  There is no problem with the deal.
(3)  As a policy matter for Enron Australia Finance Pty. Limited, do you 
always agree to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of New South 
Wales as opposed to arbitration?  I am negotiating the ENA/ABN AMRO 
(Australian branch) futures agreement and am trying to determine appropriate 
jurisdiction.
(4)  ENA is attempting to draft an ISDA Master Agreement with a company 
incorporated in New Guinea (which may have a US office).  I don't know a darn 
thing about New Guinea law.  Do you happen to know if we've ever dealt in New 
Guinea, any lawyers located in New Guinea, what law is used (I guess New 
Guinea!) or whether it's similar to other PacRim countries? 
I'll speak with you later.   .  Sara
Jarrod:  Attached is a "form" letter for you to send (with adjustments as 
indicated) or let me know and I will sign and send with the Vitol confirms Separately, I have faxed to you the first page changes.  Call if you have 
questions.  Please be sure that we have included the additional reps.  Sara
I would only add the ongoing cash collateral issue in Canada (and run spell 
check).
We recently did about 20 weather trades with Vitol and I "confirmed" these 
under the 1995 energy price swap master (bad for weather) but incorporated 
ISDA definitions.  I think we should work toward replacing this master with 
an ISDA to eliminate the problem.  We did the same with Aquila which solved 
the weather problem (and I realize the Aquila is a bigger trading partner 
than Vitol).  Can someone generate credit?  Thanks.  Sara
All:  I received a request from PPM to send our form of ISDA to document 
trading.  We previously sent a draft to these guys on 1/13/99.  The only 
difference is that they now want to trade and the Scottish Power acquisition 
is done.  The contact is:
Gary Ordway
830 N.E. Holladay
Suite 200
Portland, Oregon  97232 
You are right!  Sorry about that.
I don' think we ever replaced Aquila with an ISDA.  We sent one out, but they 
then decided to use Utilicorp, right? I'll put Vitol on our list, how high of 
a legal priority is this?  (not high for credit).  Thanks
Sara Shackleton
05/10/2000 01:24 PM
We recently did about 20 weather trades with Vitol and I "confirmed" these 
under the 1995 energy price swap master (bad for weather) but incorporated 
ISDA definitions.  I think we should work toward replacing this master with 
an ISDA to eliminate the problem.  We did the same with Aquila which solved 
the weather problem (and I realize the Aquila is a bigger trading partner 
than Vitol).  Can someone generate credit?  Thanks.  Sara
It's true!  I am not really a lost friend, but a friend with a lost head!  I 
may not have time to call you today, but then again I might.  But I will call 
before the weekend.  Sara
Sara:
I have not heard from you in a while. Are you still checking your
emails? Maybe not, if I do not receive an answer or are you just real
busy. I sent you an email about the Gordon etc etc. duck lunch a while
back. Monty says hello, and asked if you "were still fine".
Carson
Marie is fine with either Friday June 2 or 9.  So let's pick June 2 unless 
someone has a conflict.  For quick planning (invitations, caterer, limo, 
etc.), who wants to help?  Sara
Carol St. Clair has the VEPCO proposed guaranty in hand and will contact you 
soon.  Thanks for reminding me.  Sara
Sheila:  We are still working with our developer to open up access to Gary's 
group (read-only).  Should I include all of the names on your February 2000 
org chart?  Delete some?  Add some?  Thanks.  Sara
Susan:  Would you please handle.  Thanks.  Sara
David Minns@_DEVELOPMENT
05/10/2000 05:50 PM
Would you be able to email over to us the Enron Corp. that was provided to 
Westpac a couple of months ago? I agreed to provide a guaranty in exactly the 
same form for our ISDA Agreement. I have a faxed copy but it would be more 
efficient if we didn't have to copy type 
Rick:  With a little luck, I can attach the first page of each of the 
foregoing documents and the signature block for the ISDA Master Agreement (at 
the bottom of the first page of the ISDA Master Agreement).  The full set of 
signature documents comprises four pieces:
(1)  [BOILERPLATE] ISDA Master Agreement (Multicurrency - Cross Border)
(2)  Schedule to the Master Agreement [previously emailed to you]
(3)  [BOILERPLATE] ISDA Credit Support Annex  [NOTE:  the document contains 
12 paragraphs]
(4)  Paragraph 13 to the ISDA Credit Support Annex [previously emailed to you]
When we are ready to execute documents, we generally send out a complete 
package with all four parts.  The two emails which you previously received 
probably have the word "DRAFT" plastered all over them and we would normally 
remove this wording.  Please call me in the morning so that we can be sure to 
dot the "i's"  and cross the "t's".  Thanks.  Sara
I just learned that I have a conflict on June 2.  So I have already consulted 
with Marie who has agreed to Friday, June 9.  I hope this works for the 
majority of the group.  Thanks.  Sara
Sara Shackleton
05/11/2000 06:22 PM
I just learned that I have a conflict on June 2.  So I have already consulted 
with Marie who has agreed to Friday, June 9.  I hope this works for the 
majority of the group.  Thanks.  Sara
At end of first paragraph, add:  Terms used but not otherwise defined herein 
shall have such meaning as set forth in the Agreement.
Insert in "Credit or Other Special Provisions":  On or before 5:00 p.m. 
(Houston time) on Wednesday, May 17, 2000, Counterparty shall deliver to ENA 
Performance Assurance in the form of a Letter of Credit in the amount of 
$10,000  which amount shall be maintained in favor of ENA in accordance with 
the terms of Annex A to the Agreement and which may be aggregated together 
with other amounts required for other Transactions subject to the Agreement 
in order to establish a single Letter of Credit.  Further, at any time during 
the term of this Transaction, upon the request of ENA in its sole discretion, 
Counterparty shall deliver additional Performance Assurance in the form of a 
Letter of Credit in the amount of $10,000, subject to the provisions of the 
foregoing sentence.  In addition to such Performance Assurance, Counterparty 
shall establish, maintain, renew, substitute and increase such Performance 
Assurance in accordance with the terms and provisions of Annex A to the 
Agreement and the failure to do so shall constitute an Event of Default under 
Section 5A(6) of the Agreement.
not yet
Susan Flynn
05/15/2000 08:39 AM
Have you had a chance to look NYSEG's commnets to our Enron Corp. Gty Please advise.
mrgelnett@nyseg.com
05/15/2000 07:38 AM
Susan,
I'm still reviewing the ISDA and should get back to you by week's end.
Could you update me on the status of the Enron Corp. guaranty 
Thanks.
Maria
Jarrod:  Attached is the price correction language.  There is a 60 day true 
up with a 30 day notification period after the correction is announced.  Upon 
notification by a party, there is a 3 Business Day period for payment.  This 
language tracks the ISDA so that our approach in each instance will be 
identical.  We will need to add "Calculation Agent" to the confirmation Please call if you have any questions.  Sara
P.S.  you should use a paralegal for Annex B purposes and if the omnibus is 
for a cross-border transaction
Tana:  I've already spoken with Clem this morning and he is on board with 
this form.  The changes we are making are not substantive so let's make 'em 
(marked in yellow on the hard copy I've delivered to you) and get this signed 
right away.  Clem is going on vacation Friday.  We should also email a copy 
to Jack Foley when the revisions are made.  PG&E will send execution copies 
to me.  The paralegal handling this is Maryann Friel at (415) 973-4599 Thanks for your help.  Sara
"Foley, Jack"  	05/01/2000 11:51 AM
Sara,
I am attaching our guarantee format for your review.  Please note that I
have inserted the "cap" at $ 10 million.
If you have any questions, please call me.
Jack:  I just spoke with Karola and she tells me that you want to talk about
the
guaranty.  I didn't recall if you had ever reviewed our proposed format.
Also,
I am aware that Enron Corp. previously issued a "General Guarantee
Agreememt" on
- EnronGnt.doc
Monica:  Since our recent conversation, I thought that you were going to send 
me the entire format for the European format for the repos.  Also, have you 
had an opportunity to review the existing repo between Chase and Enron North 
Will send the MARKUP of the Axel Johnson Inc. guaranty later today.  I have 
inserted several provisions.  SS
Sara-
I faxed a guaranty from Sprague Energy Corp. on July 1 for you to review Wanted to see if you had a chance to look it over.
,
Pat 
Alan:  we are reviewing docs from DLJ, the purchaser of the reference loan.
Alan Aronowitz
05/15/2000 02:42 PM
What ever happened on that matter we spoke about with Laurel Adams last week? 
Just curious.
Alan
I'll be here
David Minns@_DEVELOPMENT
05/15/2000 01:34 AM
Just to confirm we will call you tomorrow morning
David Minns
05/12/2000 05:49 PM
Sara can we schedule a phone discussion Monday 5:30pm (8:30am Tuesday 
Sydney)  to go through the floating price issues so we can settle this 
confirmation. 
Jarrod:  Just in case you needed the online version of the confirm.  I will 
fax my markup to you.  Sara
David Minns@_DEVELOPMENT
05/08/2000 04:29 PM
Sara, further to my email. Has the confirmation for the Melbourne HDD swap 
with Aquila been signed yet. If it has we need to do the "back to back" 
confirmation with EAF 
David Minns
04/27/2000 02:44 PM
Sara I agree that the confirmation should be in a form that is acceptable to 
ENA. We attempted to put use an ENA confirmation format. I have incorporated 
your comments into our latest draft. I did this with some caution as there 
appears to be slight differences between it and the draft you sent me. I 
suggest if you find our section 2 satisfactory then you lift it and place it 
in your standard confirmation. On the issues you raised.
1 October is correct as the termination date as time is measured from 9am 
each day. Hence 30 September finishes at 8:59am on 1 October The Payment Date should be at least 20 Business Days after the BoM readings 
to determine the Floating Amount. An alternative wording could be "the 
earlier of the [specified date] or 20 Business Days after  The "Strike Amount Differential" and  "Payment Amount" could be worded 
alternatively as in the pro forma ENA confirmation attached 
Would you forward your final wording. 
David Minns
04/27/2000 09:23 AM
Thanks for that Shari. I have your fax. I will respond today  
Sara Shackleton@ECT
04/27/2000 08:54 AM
Hi, David!  Hope all is well.  Since the referenced swap has been documented 
by ENA, I am now reviewing the Transaction.  I have a number of questions, 
many the result of my unfamiliarity with your Australian Reference/Fallback 
weather stations and a few other comments.  I thought I would mark this up 
and fax it to you which I will do shortly.  Sara
Mark:  I've been asked whether ENA can enter into derivatives with an Indian 
company.  Do you have research regarding legality/enforceability since the 
1997 global review which ENA conducted through Allen & Overy?  Thanks.  Sara
Laurel:  Can you send the deal ticket for this transaction?  Sara
Rob:  Have you ever directly engaged counsel in New Guinea?  I have searched 
our jurisdictional database but to no avail.  I only find Australian firms 
with New Guinea associations.  Thanks.  Sara
Rod Nelson
05/16/2000 09:24 AM
Just received this on Brazil (financial)
"MBTOS - Marcelo Rodrigues"  	05/15/2000 07:09 PM
Dear Sara:
Please find attached hereto (i) Memo prepared in connection with certain 
changes in the nonresident investor's regulations occurred in Brazil, and 
(ii) revised Comparative Chart related to financial investments of 
nonresidents in Brazil.
Should you have any questions on the above matters, please do not hesitate to 
contact us.
Kind 
Marcelo Rodrigues
>> "Sara Shackleton AFAC and Marcelo:  I hope this message finds you both well.  I would like to
finalize the matrix which was prepared last year so that we can create a
"baseline" for future updates.  Please feel free to date the matrix as of
December, 1999, if you wish.  Please forward any recent changes to me for
comment  and I will respond immediately.  Then we can move on to other things!
Thanks for your help and attention to this mattter.   .  Sara
Dear Sara:
Thank you for your E-mail below. We will be reflecting the new changes in the
regulations in the chart and will be sending it to your review as soon as
possible.
Kind 
Marcelo Rodrigues
>> "Sara Shackleton Greetings to you both!  It has been awhile since we last spoke.  I would like 
to
finalize the matrix which we have been discussing since the latter part of 
1999.
Although we were awaiting new Central Bank regulations, I am beginning to 
think
that the Central Bank revisions will not impact the matrix except with respect
to transactions which may be entered into by entities that are the subject of
the Central Bank regulations.  Please let me know whether or not you agree or
can offer any suggestions.  Thanks and  .  Sara
- M2689iii.doc
- Char5.doc
Frank:  Have you ever hired New Guinea counsel? I need to engage a firm to 
answer derivatives issues. Thanks.  Sara
Rob Walls@_DEVELOPMENT
05/16/2000 08:58 AM
Check with Frank Sayre;  I think he has.  Good luck.
Rob:  Have you ever directly engaged counsel in New Guinea?  I have searched 
our jurisdictional database but to no avail.  I only find Australian firms 
with New Guinea associations.  Thanks.  Sara
Rick:  Both Greg and John are traveling.  I did receive a voice mail from 
John advising that the deal has been delayed.  I don't have details.  John 
will try to call you.  Thanks.  Sara
Hope you had a great vacation!  Please let me know when you have some time so 
that we can talk about Brazil.  I'm trying to update the info that Yao left 
me and I am now being called by Gary Hickerson's group for a progress 
report.  Sara
Tana:  Please provide the following individuals with Lotus Notes access Thanks.  Sara
Melissa Ann Murphy
05/16/2000 04:44 PM
Hi Sara, the following three people will need access to the financial 
database we were discussing:
Melissa Murphy
Kim Theriot
Rhonda Denton
Thank you,
Melissa
[You'll need to amend the credit worksheet to reflect changes]
"Threshold" means with respect to Party A, unlimited; provided however, that 
the Threshold for Party A shall be U.S. $5,000,000 upon the occurrence and 
during the continuance of a Material Adverse Change, and the Threshold for 
Party A shall be zero upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an 
Event of Default or a Potential Event of Default with respect to Party A.
"Threshold" means with respect to Party B, unlimited; provided however, that 
the Threshold for Party B shall be U.S. $3,000,000 upon the occurrence and 
during the continuance of a Material Adverse Change; and the Threshold for 
Party B shall be zero upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an 
Event of Default or a Potential Event of Default with respect to Party B or 
upon execution of any Transaction pursuant to this Agreement having a term 
greater than or equal to one (1) year.
Monica.Turner@chase.com
05/16/2000 09:40 AM
Good afternoon Sara,
Please accept my apologies for not responding earlier.  With regard to the pre
printed terms of the  PSA/ISMA Global Master Repurchase Agreement (GMRA) 
please
find enclosed one copy, herein, for your information
(See attached file: PREPRINTED TERMS OF THE GMRA DATED AS MAY 2000.doc)
In addition, you did mention about the existing repo doc with  Enron North
America.  Please note that the negotiations of the BMA (former PSA) are 
handled
by our New York head office, so I shall check with my colleague and revert.
Could you please advise what you require me to do: are you checking to find 
out
if we have a BMA in place ?  or do you need an executed copy of the BMA?
Please advise.
With Monica
- PREPRINTED TERMS OF THE GMRA DATED AS MAY 2000.doc
As a result of Jeff Nogid's request, here is a recap of the Morgan Stanley 
situation:
(1)  Morgan Stanley Capital Group Inc.
This is the entity for commodity trading.
(i)  ECT has a Master Energy Price Swap Agreement dated 6/16/92
(ii)  ECTRIC has an ISDA dated 3/2/99, but eff. 8/27/97
(2)  Morgan Stanley Capital Services Inc.
Jeff Nogid requesting new master for fixed income transactions
(3)  Morgan Stanley International Limited
This is the entity for equity trading.  Will Nogid or Kinneman ever need 
this one?
Each of these companies has a different lawyer to negotiate the agreement.
Each Morgan Stanley entity might require a separate guaranty.  Anne Clark in 
legal (Cap Services) will let me know.
I will put (2) in place.  Do you want to pursue upgrading (1)(i) or 
addressing (3)?  Please let me know.  Thanks.  Sara
Rod:  I will contact Frederick Broda (VP, Derivatives and Fixed Income) in NY 
about this master.  Jeff Nogid requested this master as well.  Thanks.  Sara
Please put on my calendar
Mark Taylor
05/17/2000 11:58 AM
Joyce Dorsey
05/17/2000 11:37 AM
This is to confirm scheduling of two meetings re: Enron PATS:
Meeting 1:
Date & Time: Thursday, May 18, 4 p.m.
Location: EB27C2
Meeting 2:
Date & Time: Monday, May 22, 3 p.m.
Location: EB27C2
Rod:  Jeff Nogid has also requested an ISDA Master Agreement with the 
foregoing party for equity and fixed income deals.  Thanks.  Sara
Mark and Paul:  ENA has just finalized an ISDA Master Agreement with 
Statoil.  I had advised you several months ago that Statoil also wanted to 
negotiate with ECTRIC, using the ENA agreement as a model.  Chuck O'Brien is 
the inhouse counsel and can be reached via email or phone (203/978-6988 Please contact Chuck and let me know if there is anything that I can do to 
help.   .  Sara
Chuck:  Mark and Paul can be reached in London at 011-44-20-7783-6552 (Mark) 
and 011-44-20-7783-6566 (Paul).
"Charles O'brien"  	Sent by: "Charles O'Brien"  	05/17/2000 04:47 AM
Sara,
Thanks,
Chuck
Jarrod:  attached are comments to the confirm.  Please note that you must 
reference the KPM transaction in the Additional Provisions section, part 
(iv).  Sara
Michael and Deepak:  Attached are the execution copies of the documents 
signed with ENA.  If I have missed anything, please contact Susan Flynn (as 
Marie Heard is now with EBS).  Thanks.  Sara
Hello there!  I know that you are out of the country.  Thanks for forwarding 
the message from Andre Cangucu.  I have been through your materials but do 
not find any involvement you may have had with specific swaps; the items I 
found were generic and were in the form of law firm memoranda (e.g "Derivatives and FX Transactions in Brazil", "Trading with Brazilian 
Counterparties", etc.).  Am I missing something?  Look forward to seeing you 
soon.  Sara
Susan Bailey
05/16/2000 08:17 AM
Sara,
Steve Morus @ Puget Sound asked that I forward the attached on to you for 
review and comment.
Advise if I may of assistance.
Susan 
"Morus, Steve"  	05/15/2000 05:05 PM
Susan,
Per our phone discussion, please forward the attached agreement (in two
files) to Sara Shackleton.  As I've previously discussed with Sara, the
executables have been routed upstairs for signature by our executives.  I
will mail them to you as soon as they are signed.  In the meantime, the
attached files are intended to give you all a jump on your review.  Please
call if you have any questions.  I can be reached at 425 462-3688, or on my
pager at 888 731-9937.
Thanks,
-Steve Morus
version.doc>>
- Master Agmt for Swap Transactions.DOC
- Annex A for Swaps Merged version.doc
Rod:  attached is a recap of current credit derivatives trading in Jeff K.'s 
group.  I don't know about activity during Shari's oversight but I hear it 
was minimal.  How does this compare with Enron Credit.com?  Also, do we want 
agreements with other trading counterparties (e.g., DLJ Capital Funding, 
Inc.)?  Are Jeff and Paul calling credit before trading?  Please call to chat 
when you have a chance.  Thanks.  Sara
Shari:  I see that you added this to the legal/credit list.  Can you tell me 
why?  What type of deal do we do?  Did ECTI ever transact with DLJ Capital 
Funding, Inc. (for distressed loans)?  Are you familiar with the Loan 
Syndications and Trading Association, Inc. "standard terms and conditions Did you ever document a loan derivative?  Thanks.  Sara
Please add to the list of masters to be drafted.  Thanks.  Sara
Rod Nelson
05/17/2000 09:25 AM
Mark:  Barbara Gray and Shonnie Daniel worked on a Q1 deal between Enron and 
Texaco to create a JV called BL.  I believe that the ownership is 60/40, 
respectively.  BL has its own employees drawn from both companies and 
elsewhere but is still requiring additional services.  The swap group has 
already opened two futures accounts for BL and drafted resolutions, 
authorized trader lists, etc.  Before the closing, there was an 
"understanding" that Enron would assist BL for a short time (until June, 
2000).  However, credit (through Bill Bradford) negotiated a 3-year services 
agreement for credit services to BL (I believe based upon 1 full-time person 
run through an entire budget).  Randy Curry (BL's president) has requested 
that legal (swaps group) consider a short-term services arrangement (I am 
told by credit this would be for approx. 6-9 months; BL looking for approx. 
20 ISDA's).  By the way, ENA is trying to negotiate an ISDA with BL but we 
have no one to negotiate with!  BL has not yet hired an in-house lawyer.
Are you interested in pursuing this request?  Sara
Carol:  Laurel Adams was wondering whether any of the paralegal candidates 
who we interviewed might have a good background for "back office" duties.  I 
have no idea whether salaries are comparable but she needs someone who can 
spot issues and learn the confirm process at the same time (if no experience 
in the confirmation area).  What do you think?  Sara
Carol:  I've been meeting with Jarrod about confirm templates.  Prior to the 
departures of Shari, Lynda, et al, there was a move afoot to create an annex 
of weather definitions which could be incorporated by reference into the 
confirms (or added to the Schedule), either of which approaches would shorten 
the confirms considerably.  Jarrod advises that the EOL T&C's for the 
varioius weather products contain the basic information which can be drafted 
in the annex.  Jarrod will send us the EOL T&C's.  I think it's a great idea. 
Jarrod will also send the existing  weather templates (which may be slightly 
different from those Shari gave us earlier).  We should verify that the 
weather rep appears in the weather option templates (since we have agreed to 
remove that rep from the Schedule).  Also, shouldn't we verify that all 
weather trades are executed under NY law (they probably are anyway) since we 
now have the opinion from the NY Office of General Counsel?
Sara
Kelly:  ENA is opening a margin line with Bank One to facilitate NYMEX 
trading through the Bank One broker.  Has Enron Corp. ever signed a standard 
Master Note with Bank One?  I'd like to see what's been previously 
negotiated.  Thanks.  Sara
Please remove Mark Taylor from the distribution list and insert my name and 
email address.  Thank you.
Mark Taylor
05/19/2000 01:51 PM
mukunah@winstim.com
05/19/2000 01:48 PM
In connection with the proposed offering of Enron's PATS, we're attaching a
Cover Letter, the Preliminary Offering Circular and the Closing Document List.
,
Hazel Mukuna
(See attached file: Cover Letter.doc)    (See attached file: Preliminary
Offering Circular.doc)        (See attached file: Closing Document List.doc)
______________________________________
This message, together with any attachments, is intended only for the
use of the individual or entity to which it is addressed and may contain
information that is legally privileged, confidential and exempt from
disclosure.  If you are not the intended recipient, you are hereby
notified that any dissemination, distribution, or copying of this
message,or any attachment, is strictly prohibited.  If you have received
this message in error, please notify the original sender (or the WSPR
Help Desk) immediately by telephone (212-858-1000) or by return
E-mail and delete the message, along with any attachments, from
your computer.  Thank you.
- Cover Letter.doc
- Preliminary Offering Circular.doc
- Closing Document List.doc
I have two questions:
(1)  If the ECC financial trading business is to be confirmed in Canada, 
won't Greg Johnston need a "short course" on ISDA/omnibus, etc.?  I was 
thinking of practical issues as well as Tana's more formalized training.
(2)  Have you spoken with Mary Solomson about Anthony?  I'm not sure if Tana 
has organized her lunch with global contracts, but it sounded as though 
Anthony was part of the problem and that Mary should be at the lunch.
Sara left you a voice mail about this attachment.
FYI. See you all when I am in town.
Yao
Andre Cangucu
07/11/99 11:04 PM
The structure for the financial prepay doesn't seem  to work under the 
Brazilian regulation therefore we need to come up with a different structure. 
David has put together a couple of different structures but basically all of 
them will run into the same problem and the Central Bank won't accept those.
We (Gustavo and I) had lunch last Thursday with a Mr. Jose Lavia owner of 
Fair Corretora (a brokerage house that I've worked with) basically he thinks 
that the financial prepay structure is not going to work because the Central 
Bank wants to see benefits for the country and impacts in the country's 
current balance.
He asked us to send him a draft of the structure and he will discuss with his 
partners to see if they came up with different ideas.
Below are the comments of the next steps and ideas from Antonio Felix 
(Tozzini Freire).
Central Bank:
As recommended by Antonio Felix from Tozzini Freire, we need to decide if 
this is a deal/structure we want to continue to pursue. If so we should 
schedule a meeting with the International Operations Director of the Central 
Bank in Brasilia and make a presentation covering the following points:
- The overall structure
- Market need
- Benefits to the companies involved (petrochemical, pulp and paper Benefits to Brazil ? (if any)
We should approach this not as a single transaction but as a new product, 
with specific characteristics, without any similar in the market, that Enron 
developed in the US and is trying to "sell" in Brazil.
Swaps:
A swap in Brazil can be arranged between two local parties and neither one 
needs to be a financial institution. If we want we can have a brokerage house 
or bank in the middle to register the contract with the BM&F (Mercantile 
Exchange).
The other possibility is to have a swap contract between a local and an 
offshore entity, in this case the offshore entity needs to be a financial 
institution.
Is one of the Enron companies in the US considered to be a financial 
institution ?
A specialist form Tozzini should be sending us some paper covering swap 
contracts. I hope to have a better understanding of the requirements for swap 
contracts after we receive that.
Yao Apasu: Andrea mentioned that you were involved with some swap contracts 
in Brazil. If you have anything about that (presentation, regulation) would 
you please forward  to us.
I think that we can structure the prepay mergin a simple loan and 
fix/floating swap, if the swap is something we are allowed to do under the 
Brazilian regulation.
Please add comments,
Andre
Anne:  Thanks for your voice mail.  We would like to generate the master I'll try to have it emailed on Monday.   .  Sara
Maryann:  I left you a voice mail the other day regarding two typos in the 
agreement and never received corrected pages.  The Guarantee has been 
executed.  However, the agreement is awaiting the initials of Rod Nelson 
(credit) who is on vacation until Wednesday.  Will you send corrected pages 
for insertion in the document?
Frank:  Have you had any luck?  Sara
Frank Sayre@_DEVELOPMENT
05/17/2000 10:50 AM
Sara - Yes we have.  It's been a while since I used them, but let me see if I 
can pull the name up for you . . . I'll get back to you ASAP.
Frank:  Have you ever hired New Guinea counsel? I need to engage a firm to 
answer derivatives issues. Thanks.  Sara
Rob Walls@_DEVELOPMENT
05/16/2000 08:58 AM
Check with Frank Sayre;  I think he has.  Good luck.
Rob:  Have you ever directly engaged counsel in New Guinea?  I have searched 
our jurisdictional database but to no avail.  I only find Australian firms 
with New Guinea associations.  Thanks.  Sara
Susan:  I am told that the name of the Enron company is "Enron Investments 
PLC" and Lance Schuler set it up for the acquisition.  Please check on 
corporate database.  I'll try to get you a contact.  SS
Sheila Glover
05/22/2000 09:47 AM
Sara,
Carlos from CS First Boston called... CS First Boston needs to set up an 
account for the entity to deliver off the shares to us.  We do not have an 
account with them and one is needed to execute settlement and delivery of the 
shares  to our Morgan Stanley account. 
The settlement will be on 5/30, Tuesday, for 6 million shares at 2.90 GBP per 
share.  I am need to confirm if the bridge loan will cover or payment will be 
required on Tuesday 
CS First Boston needs to set up the account:
Benificiary ownership letter for shares
Registration name on shares
Wants to know if entity is listed in the UK and regulated, net asset value of 
the company.
Sheila
Please give me  a call and we can conference in Carlos.
=09Office of the Chairman@
=0905/22/2000 01:55 AM
=09=09
Our offer to acquire MG plc has been unanimously recommended by MG plc=01,s=20
board of directors, and we expect to close the transaction by early third=20
quarter of this year, following shareholder and customary regulatory=20
approvals.
MG plc is a leading independent company in global non-ferrous metals trading=20
and marketing and the only such company that is publicly traded. =20
Headquartered in London with major offices in New York and Frankfurt, MG plc=20
has 330 employees in 14 countries.  It is the world=01,s leading copper=20
merchant, one of the top three merchants of copper concentrates and nickel,=20
and a leading European merchant of recycled metal.  Other products that MG=20
plc markets include aluminum, lead, tin, zinc, brass and stainless steel.
This transaction provides Enron with access to new customers and enables=20
cross-marketing opportunities.  We plan to sell Enron energy products to MG=20
plc customers and offer bundled products combining metals and power=20
outsourcing.  Enron will help producers and consumers manage the risks=20
inherent in volatile raw materials and energy markets, and we will improve=20
commodity prices for both buyers and sellers.
MG plc=01,s existing market-making capabilities and market knowledge provide an=20
immediate platform upon which to overlay Enron=01,s proven ability to offer=20
innovative e-commerce-enabled services to commodity-based industries.  Our=20
new metals business will be integrated into our wholesale business by Enron=20
Europe CEO John Sherriff, who will work closely with Enron Net Works CEO Greg=20
Whalley.
Susan:  We are going to open a futures account with Bank One.  They have also 
sent a give up agreement.  This message is FYI.
James_Naughton@em.fcnbd.com
05/22/2000 10:23 AM
Sara,
Thanks again for your time Thursday.
Attached is the standard give-up agreement we discussed, with the
governing law changed to New York.
Please let me know when you have finished looking it over.  If you wish,
I'd be happy to prepare them and send to you.
,
Jim Naughton
(See attached file: GIVEUP.doc)
- GIVEUP.doc
Jason:  Please review (I have others for you to see).  Also, Paul and I spoke 
with Cadwalader this morning.  Please continue to check the international 
exchanges online to see if you can locate clearinhouse rules for each 
exchange.  Perhaps you can also find information on the regulatory scheme for 
the jurisdictions.  I suspect we will have to hire outside counsel in each 
country to answer our concerns.  Let's talk.  SS
James_Naughton@em.fcnbd.com
05/22/2000 10:23 AM
Sara,
Thanks again for your time Thursday.
Attached is the standard give-up agreement we discussed, with the
governing law changed to New York.
Please let me know when you have finished looking it over.  If you wish,
I'd be happy to prepare them and send to you.
,
Jim Naughton
(See attached file: GIVEUP.doc)
- GIVEUP.doc
All:  Sheila and I have been trying to coordinate the account(s) to receive 
the shares of the above entity.  I can't locate the company on the corporate 
database.  My understanding is that CF First Boston will receive the shares 
and then transfer to our Morgan account (upon our instructions 
CF First Boston has an Enron Corp. account (pre-1994) and can open a 
subaccount for EIplc.  However, two (2) items are required:
(1)  a letter of beneficiary ownership
(2)  Is EIplc a regulated UK company?  If the answer is no, then it (or the 
company reporting for it) must provide a net  asset valuation
Has someone in London already handled these issues?  If not, can one of you 
supply me with that information?  We have spoken with Andrew Bracken in 
London (0207 888 3196) at andrew.bracken@csfb.com
Thanks for your help.  Sara
Sure, later today?
Carol St Clair
05/22/2000 10:43 AM
Sara:
FYI.  Can we talk about this?
Carol
Susan Bailey
05/22/2000 09:54 AM
Carol,
Set forth below are the form issues:
I. Schedule to Master Agreement
A. Credit:
1.  Footnote #6 -  do we want to include the additional sentence under Part 
1(b) for cross default when ENA's/ECC's counterparty is a financial institution, particular one which is a credit institution of Enron Corp.?
2.  Footnote #18 -- how do we handle the 125% exposure issue in the 
additional event of default section?
3.  Discuss with Rod Nelson as to online matters involving hedge funds.
B. Legal:
1.  Carol/Sara to visit with Mark Taylor and/or David Mitchell regarding 
Foonote #50 (Trade Option Exemption representation for ECC deals and/or Canadian counterparties  2.  Carol/Sara to visit with Greg Johnston regarding Footnotes #52 (Canadian 
Securities Acts)  and any other ECC/Canadian matters.
3.  Carol to provide language as to securing Enron Corp. financials thru the 
website.
4.  Sara to check Footnote #54 regarding the representation as to 
"Termination Payments" for governmental counterparties 
II. Paragraph 13 to the Credit Support Annex
A. Credit:
1.  Paragraph 13(iv)(C) -- should the "Minimum Transfer Amount" be $0 ?
2.  Paragraph 13(c)(iv) -- should the "Notification Time" be 9:00am (Houston 
time)?
3.  Prepare list of non-standard credit ratings definition for use by Legal.
B. Legal:
1.  Paragraph 13(f)(iv) -- Carol/Sara to discuss with Mark this pulp & paper 
provision.
2.  Carol to rework language used for the MAC definition of "PV15 of PDP  3.  Exhibit A to Paragraph 13 of Annex A -- Carol/Sara to discuss with Mark 
provision (f).
4. Schedule 1 (L/C form) Carol to provide updated language. 
The approved form changes are now being made and will be distributed by 
mid-day today.
Let me know if have neglected to include anything.
Susan 
Mark and Paul:  Have either of you ever reviewed clearinghouse rules with 
respect to clearing members for the exhanges on which we trade (in an effort 
to analyze our risk with respect to our brokers)?  If the answer is yes, 
could I have copies of any memoranda?  Please let me hear from you or 
whomever may have reviewed this issue.  Thank you.  Sara
Per my voice mail, please contact me regarding swaps and other derivative 
activity in Brazil.   I am replacing Yao Apasu as the Houston based trading 
lawyer.  Houston/Buenos Aires  have been in contact with lawyers at Tozzini 
regarding financial trading matters.  Would like to discuss issues with you Are ;you talking about OTC or exchange traded swaps?  commodity?  equity or 
fixed income?  Please call and send your fax number.  Thanks.  Sara
phone:     713/853-5620
fax:            713/646-3490
Susan:  We need to set up this account for funding on or before 5/30.  Please 
call our rep at Morgan and let's get the paperwork signed.  Sara
Sheila Glover
05/22/2000 11:50 AM
Sara,
I left a message for Ketan and spoke to our service rep at Morgan.
He said there should not be a problem setting up a new company, Enron 
Investments PLC, which is UK based, and holding UK shares in that account 
which are fully funded.
Sheila
I have a standing meeting at that time but I don't need to be on the call Thanks.  Sara
Elizabeth Serralheiro@
05/22/2000 10:32 AM
Due to Randy Young's trip this evening, the above meeting needs to be 
rescheduled to tomorrow afternoon. Please let me know if  2:00 p.m. Houston 
time/4:00 p.m. Brazil time works for you.
Thanks in advance,
Elizabeth.
Sheila:  I received a requst from you.  Please advise if 
(1)  You sent explanation to Ted Murphy stating purpose for account.
(2)  Agreement reflect DB Alex Brown LLC to clear trades with prime broker of 
our choice
(3)  Why is this a Deutsche Bank agreement?  Who is "Frost Securities, Inc (4)  Do we contact "Janet" at 214/515-4495 with markup?
Sara Shackleton
05/22/2000 11:12 AM
All:  Sheila and I have been trying to coordinate the account(s) to receive 
the shares of the above entity.  I can't locate the company on the corporate 
database.  My understanding is that CF First Boston will receive the shares 
and then transfer to our Morgan account (upon our instructions 
CF First Boston has an Enron Corp. account (pre-1994) and can open a 
subaccount for EIplc.  However, two (2) items are required:
(1)  a letter of beneficiary ownership
(2)  Is EIplc a regulated UK company?  If the answer is no, then it (or the 
company reporting for it) must provide a net  asset valuation
Has someone in London already handled these issues?  If not, can one of you 
supply me with that information?  We have spoken with Andrew Bracken in 
London (0207 888 3196) at andrew.bracken@csfb.com
Thanks for your help.  Sara
Sheila Glover
05/22/2000 02:11 PM
Sara,
I will talk to Kelly and get back to you Thanks. Sheila
Sheila:  I received a requst from you.  Please advise if 
(1)  You sent explanation to Ted Murphy stating purpose for account.
(2)  Agreement reflect DB Alex Brown LLC to clear trades with prime broker of 
our choice
(3)  Why is this a Deutsche Bank agreement?  Who is "Frost Securities, Inc (4)  Do we contact "Janet" at 214/515-4495 with markup?
FYI - thought you'd find this interesting.  ss
Kelly H Boots
05/22/2000 03:01 PM
Sara,
I am not aware of any such agreement with Bank One.  They are not one of our 
top banking relationships, but it is good to see them get some ancillary 
business.
Thanks,
Kelly
Kelly:  ENA is opening a margin line with Bank One to facilitate NYMEX 
trading through the Bank One broker.  Has Enron Corp. ever signed a standard 
Master Note with Bank One?  I'd like to see what's been previously 
negotiated.  Thanks.  Sara
FYI
David P Dupre
05/22/2000 04:40 PM
Hi, I received your message.
Our last trade was completed on 11/5/99.
Cargill and I are in discussions regarding the line of credit/margin account 
with them regarding
the details of the account.
I'll report back to you with details soon,
Thanks
David
FYI
Paul Simons
05/23/2000 05:14 AM
No, but we have considered recently our exposure to brokers where they hold 
our money.  The analysis is more a function of applicable law/regulation (SFA 
or CFTC rules) than clearing house rules as I understand it.  We did not take 
outside advice or prepare memoranda, but Justin may have done so in the past 
(Justin?).  Please call me or Ed if you'd like to discuss.
Paul
Mark and Paul:  Have either of you ever reviewed clearinghouse rules with 
respect to clearing members for the exhanges on which we trade (in an effort 
to analyze our risk with respect to our brokers)?  If the answer is yes, 
could I have copies of any memoranda?  Please let me hear from you or 
whomever may have reviewed this issue.  Thank you.  Sara
Jarrod:  So what's the latest with Aquila?  We may have our master signed 
soon. Sara
David Minns@_DEVELOPMENT
05/22/2000 10:50 PM
Jarrod it seems the reference to Sydney time for a Melborne weather 
transaction could lead to an inconsistency this year. So if a time zone is to 
be referenced it should be Melbourne. 
David Minns
05/23/2000 12:39 PM
I agree this change could cause problems. During September 2000  daylight 
saving will start early in Sydney during the Olympics. As a result there will 
be a 1 hour time difference between Sydney and Melbourne.  The local time as 
reported by the Bureau of Meteorology is Melbourne time. Hence if there is to 
be a reference to a time zone it should time zone applicable to that 
location. More generally we should put a definition of "LST "in documentation 
as meaning the time at the relevant weather station. We could have a 
circumstance of reference weather stations in difference time zones (eg 
basket of cities).
Heidi can you handle 
Raymond Yeow
05/23/2000 12:17 PM
Dear Heidi,
1.
I confirm that this is now a swap rather than a bought option 
2.
To DAVID,
".... Please let me know if you think this document is acceptable 
Since Jared has replaced LST with Sydney time -
should this be Melbourne time instead 
Rgds Raymond
1215pm; 23 May
Heidi Mason
05/23/2000 09:10 AM
Raymond
The confirmation I have received below looks to be the deal we were talking 
about when I was in Houston. Is this correct? At that stage, were we not 
talking about there being a significant premium payable at the start of the 
deal. It appears from the confirmation below that this is now a swap rather 
than a bought option.  Can you please confirm that this therefore the same 
deal. 
Heidi
David Minns
22/05/2000 17:21
Jarrod looks fine. For completeness I have noted one minor inconsistency in 
(v) of the Fallback Data provisions that dates back to my first draft. Our 
rounding of degrees celsuis is to one decimal point. Hence the reference to 
whole numbers may not be apropriate in all cases. In practical terms it is so 
immaterial I question the need to redo the confirmation. Anyway please put 
together the the confirmation between between Enron Australia Finance Pty. 
Ltd. and RMT. I have copied in Susan (Tax) and Heidi (Finance) to double 
check they are fully aware of this arrangement 
David,
I have attached a copy of the Confirmation that we sent to Aquila. They have 
read it and returned a signed copy to me. Please let me know if you think 
this document is acceptable. If it is I will go ahead and put together the 
Transaction between RMT and Australia. If we need to make any changes, I will 
send a revised copy to Aquila and then do the back to back transaction.
Thank you,
Jarrod Cyprow (713) 853-5700
Tana:  Please review these pages for corrections and insert into original Rod should return tomorrow and we can execute and FedEx to PG&E.  Thanks Sara
"Friel-Roachelle, Maryann"  	05/22/2000 06:14 PM
Sara:
I apologize for not sending the original pages to you
Here are the corrected pages that I sent to you by fax.
- corrected pageENRONAnnex.doc
- correctedENRONSchedule.doc
I remembered!  Do we have access to the website(s) of the publications which 
we receive in order to do searches?  We must have a password.  Thanks.  Sara
Donna:  It's been awhile since we last spoke about advising Enron companies 
of existing brokerage accounts.  It has also been determined (in legal) that 
the accounts will remain with ME and not move to Alan A.  I have some 
temporary assistance in that an A&K lawyer, Jason Peters, is working up here 
for another few weeks.  I was hoping that we could all meet and put our 
"project" into action.  Please give me a call and suggest some time when we 
may meet.  Thanks.  Sara
David P Dupre
05/23/2000 09:35 AM
I received a call from Bob Klein indicating that this information would be 
utilized for your meeting.
We currently trade the following commodities on the Nymex, CME, and other 
International exchanges, such as the
LIFFE (Europe) and SFE (Australia):
Interest Rate 
5, 10, 30 year bonds (CBOT)    Carr, Prudential
Bankers Acceptances (Toronto Stock Exchange-TSE) HSBC
Bund (Eurexchange)     Carr
Eurodollar (CME)     Carr, HSBC, Prudential
Euro (3 month Treas bill) (LIFFE)     Carr
Gilt (LIFFE)      Carr
S&P 500 (CME)      Carr, Prudential
Nasdaq (CME)      Carr, Prudential
SP60 (Canadian S&P Futures) (TSE)   HSBC
Australian stock index (SFE) (Sydney Futures Exchange) Prudential
90 Day Sterling Libor (LIFFE)    Carr, HSBC
Emerging Products
Lumber (CME)      Carr, Saul Stone 
Weather (CME)      Man
Pulp (London Options and Futures exchange-OMLX) Man
Liquids
Brent Crude (International Petroleum Exchange-IPE) Paribas, Man Crude Oil (Nymex)     Paribas, Bear, Man, ADM, Smith Barney, Prudential, ABN 
AMRO
Heating Oil (Nymex)     Smith Barney, Prudential, ABN AMRO
Unleaded Gas (Nymex)     Smith Barney, Prudential, ABN AMRO
Natural Gas (Nymex)     Paribas, Bear, Man, Sakura, Carr, ADM
Propane (Nymex)     Paribas
Electricity (all Nymex)
PJM    Smith Barney
Palo Verde   Man
COB    Man
Cinergy    Smith Barney
Michael and Deepak:  Michael Moulton (the ENA paper and pulp trader) is 
extremely interested in SITA updates as often as possible.  Please make every 
effort to email Michael with updates at least weekly.  Thanks.  Sara
Michael:  Attached is FYI.  Also, I am going to pay you a visit shortly to 
discuss the confirm.  Sara
Deepak Sitlani
05/23/2000 10:52 AM
Sara
I refer to our recent conversation relating to the progress of ISDA 
negotiations with the above counterparty.
I have just spoken to Carine Lavergne at SITA.  She informs me that SITA does 
not feel adequately equipped or informed to progress the negotiations 
internally and therefore intends to appoint external counsel (I urged her to 
do this as soon as possible).  Despite this intended appointment, she assured 
me that SITA wishes to enter into the ISDA as soon as possible and is keen to 
keep negotiations to a minimum.
Either I or Michael Khajeh-Noori will keep you updated as to the progress.
For your information, I also attach a status report with respect to the 
counterparties with whom Michael and I are currently negotiating.
Let me know if you need anything else.
Deepak
All:  I received a phone call from Gary Ordway asking when he could receive 
draft documentation.  Has anyone prepared credit?  Thanks.  Sara
Sara Shackleton
05/10/2000 02:25 PM
All:  I received a request from PPM to send our form of ISDA to document 
trading.  We previously sent a draft to these guys on 1/13/99.  The only 
difference is that they now want to trade and the Scottish Power acquisition 
is done.  The contact is:
Gary Ordway
830 N.E. Holladay
Suite 200
Portland, Oregon  97232 
Susan:  Here is the latest comment from Michael regarding the negotiations We should keep Lotus Notes updated.  Thanks.  Sara
Deepak Sitlani
05/23/2000 10:52 AM
Sara
I refer to our recent conversation relating to the progress of ISDA 
negotiations with the above counterparty.
I have just spoken to Carine Lavergne at SITA.  She informs me that SITA does 
not feel adequately equipped or informed to progress the negotiations 
internally and therefore intends to appoint external counsel (I urged her to 
do this as soon as possible).  Despite this intended appointment, she assured 
me that SITA wishes to enter into the ISDA as soon as possible and is keen to 
keep negotiations to a minimum.
Either I or Michael Khajeh-Noori will keep you updated as to the progress.
For your information, I also attach a status report with respect to the 
counterparties with whom Michael and I are currently negotiating.
Let me know if you need anything else.
Deepak
no
Taffy Milligan
05/23/2000 02:36 PM
Does anyone object to Wednesday, at 2:00 p.m., Carol's office? (Conference 
rooms are both booked 
Carol St Clair
05/23/2000 01:56 PM
Susan and Susan:
In an effort to better manage your work flows, Sara and I would like to meet 
with you for about 30 minutes this week to get an idea of what's on your 
plate and what we can do to ease the work load.  Could you please give this 
some thought and let Taffy know when you want to meet so she can get it set 
up?  Thanks.
Carol
Rod and Susan:  The CP's lawyer asked for a new draft so we can redraft on 
our new form.  Unless Rod objects, we will use the same credit.  Rod, there 
will be  cross default  and transferability issues (check Lotus Notes) but we 
can discuss when CP returns comments.  Our Portland trader is Kim Ward and 
she would like to be copied on the redraft.  Thanks.  Sara
Susan:  Yet another name to deal with!  It appears that Paul opened my 
original memo a day late.  Sara
Paul Simons
05/24/2000 04:13 AM
Sue - can you help with this? Thanks - Paul
Mark Elliott
24/05/2000 09:46
Apologies, Sara, but I have no info on this.
Kind  
Mark
All:  Sheila and I have been trying to coordinate the account(s) to receive 
the shares of the above entity.  I can't locate the company on the corporate 
database.  My understanding is that CF First Boston will receive the shares 
and then transfer to our Morgan account (upon our instructions 
CF First Boston has an Enron Corp. account (pre-1994) and can open a 
subaccount for EIplc.  However, two (2) items are required:
(1)  a letter of beneficiary ownership
(2)  Is EIplc a regulated UK company?  If the answer is no, then it (or the 
company reporting for it) must provide a net  asset valuation
Has someone in London already handled these issues?  If not, can one of you 
supply me with that information?  We have spoken with Andrew Bracken in 
London (0207 888 3196) at andrew.bracken@csfb.com
Thanks for your help.  Sara
Carol:  Haven't you been speaking with the confirm desk about identifying 
high volume transactions with "masterless" counterparties?  I don't want to 
duplicate work efforts.  Maybe you and I can chat during the time originally 
set aside for Richard (this morning).  Thanks.  Sara 
Tanya Rohauer
05/23/2000 05:44 PM
Definitely want to upgrade #1 - its on my list of ISDA upgrades as follows:
Done:  TXU, JAron
In Progress:  El Paso, Occidental, Reliant
To Do:  Morgan Stanley, Dynegy, Statoil, Vitol, Valero, Sempra
Can your dept provide a breakdown of type of executed masters? There are (as 
of today) 423 masters - can we break out which ones are old ECT masters That may give us some insight in to any others that need upgrades.  Also, the 
confirm desk should be able to tell us the level of activity (as they did 
before) to determine priority.  Eventually, we would like to get to all of 
these; however, establishing new documents where we have none (Cargill, 
Mieco, Idacorp, PanCanadian) is my first priority.
Rod should be able to address #3.
Thanks,
Tanya
As a result of Jeff Nogid's request, here is a recap of the Morgan Stanley 
situation:
(1)  Morgan Stanley Capital Group Inc.
This is the entity for commodity trading.
(i)  ECT has a Master Energy Price Swap Agreement dated 6/16/92
(ii)  ECTRIC has an ISDA dated 3/2/99, but eff. 8/27/97
(2)  Morgan Stanley Capital Services Inc.
Jeff Nogid requesting new master for fixed income transactions
(3)  Morgan Stanley International Limited
This is the entity for equity trading.  Will Nogid or Kinneman ever need 
this one?
Each of these companies has a different lawyer to negotiate the agreement.
Each Morgan Stanley entity might require a separate guaranty.  Anne Clark in 
legal (Cap Services) will let me know.
I will put (2) in place.  Do you want to pursue upgrading (1)(i) or 
addressing (3)?  Please let me know.  Thanks.  Sara
Hello!  Please send me your fax number.  I have a list of "Final and Proposed 
Regulations" which needs to be updated.  I would like to fax you the list Thanks.  Sara
Shari:  When you get back after vacation and have caught up, give me a call 
to chat about the NYISO pricing.  Elizabeth suggested that we coordinate our 
efforts to capture extreme pricing revisions and negative pricing issues Our power confirms currently include a modified version of Section 7.3 (of 
the 1993 ISDA Commodity Derivatives Definitions) in our omnibus confirms for 
price changes.  I am still tracking third party paper.  Thanks.  Sara
Please prepare the ISDA as requested.  Sara
Holli Krebs
05/24/2000 11:59 AM
Sara, The Tillamook Peoples Utility District would like to sign an ISDA 
Agreement with Enron.  Ed Sacks in Credit has just done the credit worksheet 
for them as we are just signing a Master with them.  Please forward them a 
draft ISDA as soon as possible, the contact is Paul Vickery at 503-815-8650, 
503-842-4161 FAX.  Let me know if there is anything else I can do to help the 
process along.  Thank You!  Holli
What were the dollar amounts on the printout that you sent to me?
David P Dupre
05/24/2000 06:06 PM
Cargill said that we do not have a line of credit nor do we have money 
sitting in an account with them.
The account is inactive at this time.
Let's review our next step when you have an opportunity.
Thanks
David
Hey, Rod:  Clint has trashed Lehman Bros. (for the moment) and is doing the 
deal with MLI.  So, today we confirm the trade on a Deemed ISDA and have 
agreed to sign an ISDA within 20 days.  Would you please prepare a credit 
worksheet and send it down so that we can get started? Please note that we 
agreed to use Enron Corp. as the swap counterparty.
Also, you left the chart for the PATS-2000 deal in my office (you, bum!).  I 
do ask that you let me review this with you so that you can evaluate the 
credit risk.
Thanks.  Sara
Jeff Nogid
05/24/2000 05:57 PM
Jeff and David,
Attached is a draft term sheet for the Total Return Swap discussed.  Please
give us a call after you have reviewed.  We would very much like to work
with you on this transaction so please let us know if you have any questions
or comments and we will address them in a timely manner.  Thank you.
- ENE_TRR-Swap_5_24A.doc
Rod Nelson
05/25/2000 09:44 AM
Susan:  Here's a heads up.  I haven't read the messge and don't know the 
timing.  I 'll sort throught it later today.  ss
Sheila Glover
05/25/2000 11:02 AM
Rafael Rangel@_DEVELOPMENT
05/25/2000 10:48 AM
Corrections to #4 below.  Originally had EPCA, should be EDIDE.
RFR
Rafael Rangel
05/25/2000 10:20 AM
Sheila, as discussed yesterday, I need to do the following:
Open a brokerage account at Morgan Stanley for Enron de Inversiones de 
Energia S.C.A. (an Argentine company) (EDIDE)
This account will hold ADRs that will be contributed or transferred into its 
account by Enron Pipeline Company-Argentina S.A.  (EPCA)(account #038-088357) 
at Morgan Stanley.
EPCA will contribute 431,300 ADRs in Transportadora Gas del Sur (TGS) into 
EDIDE's new account.  That contribution represents the capital contribution 
that EPCA is obligated to make under the capital increase resolution dated 
February 20th, 2000.
After the ADR's are transferred into EDIDE's accounts, EDIDE will need to 
convert such ADR's into ordinary Class B shares in TGS so that they can be 
registered accordingly in Argentina.
Sheila, I am forwarding a hard copy of this e-mail with appropriate support 
(corporate resolutions authorizing me to open this account, resolution 
authorizing the increase in capital and some forms that I had Eduardo 
Ojea-Quintana (President of EDIDE) sign).
Please review and advise of what else you need to finalize this transaction.
,
RFR
Rafael Rangel
05/24/2000 05:50 PM
Sheila, finally ready to open up the account at Morgan Stanley for EDIDE so 
that EPCA can transfer the correct amount of ADRs.  I have the Corporate 
Resolution from EDIDE.  I understand that the contact at Morgan Stanley has 
changed.  Please advise.
RFR
I will be out on maternity leave soon (hopefully).  In my absence, please 
call Sheila Glover (3-3210) for any questions that you may have.  If you just 
need a copy of an old report, please call Aneela Charania at 3-0951.
Thanks,
Terri
3-9899
Jarrod Cyprow
05/24/2000 02:16 PM
Sara,
I have attached draft Confirmation of a Collar with Rand Whitney. They want 
to go live with this deal today and send out an executable Confirmation. 
Tanya wants to put a provision in the confirmation that states that the deal 
is subject to Credit approval. If we do not get credit approval Tanya will 
kill the deal. I have left a message with Tanya asking her exactly what she 
wants to say in the Confirmation. Please let me know what you think of the 
Collar the way it is writtne and if we have any language to use for the 
credit provision. I have a meeting at 3:00 an should be back at my desk by 
4:00. 
Thanks,
Jarrod
P.S. SITA? you were going to take a look at the governing law.
Mark:  Please verify for me that you told Susan F. that Samantha would be 
responsible for the brokerage accounts when she joins us.  I wasn't certain 
that Susan knew and I didn't want to spring it on her.  Thanks.  Sara
Gareth:  My comments are generally directed toward the Schedule to the ISDA 
Master Agreement between the Trust and UBS.  Please note that UBS is aware of 
the 12/9/97 master executed between Swiss Bank Corporation and ENA (as it was 
attached to the original fax).  The confirms are pretty straightforward.
(1)  Is the Trust an eligible swap participant?
(2)  The Schedule is missing some "standard" Enron type provisions (which 
were in the Swiss Bank master).  These include:
limitation of liability
confidentiality
setoff  
isn't the Trust an Enron affiliate?  this could impact our approach.
(3)  Enron does not agree to the ISDA standard jurisdiction language (which 
is non-exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of NY state and the federal court 
in Manhattan; waiver of all objections).  Enron's preference is arbitration With GC consent, we agree to other provisions (e.g., specifice courts, waiver 
of jury trial, so specific court and no waiver of objections, etc.).  In the 
Swiss Bank master, we agreed to NY law, neither party waived any objections 
to venue/forum, and parties could sue anywhere.
(4)  Is this master to be limited to this transaction only?  If the Trust 
intends to use this agreement for future currency, rate, or other 
transactions, we need to consider the impact of caving on our usual terms What eventually happens to the Trust?
Also, Rod Nelson in credit is currently reviewing Enron exposure to UBS.
Call if you need anything else.  Sara
I spoke with Kevin Zemp this morning and he will e-mail docs to me for 
review.  I'll keep you posted.  Sara
Susan:  would you please contact this party to see if they have comments Jennifer says they are ready to sign.  We are having a guaranty problem and 
that's why this party has come up.  Please let Souad know what the response 
is.  Thanks.  Sara
Marty:  I'll call you after lunch.  Thanks.  Sara
Marty_Oelmann@cargill.com
05/26/2000 11:39 AM
Sara,
I've been calling both your number and Kay Ellis' number and have not
gotten answers or voicemail recordings.  I would like to speak to you
to resolve the outstanding Set-off issue as soon as possible.  I will
be in the office for the rest of the day today but will be out next
Tuesday and Wednesday, returning Thursday, June 1st.  I hope we can
get together today.
I look forward to hearing from you and I will keep trying as well.
Marty Oelmann
Jarrod:  It's attached. Insert the fallback and it sounds like we delete the 
Credit etc.
WHAT IS THIS ALL ABOUT?  HAVE YOU SPOKEN WITH THIS GUY?   Sara
Tim McKone@
05/26/2000 02:48 PM
Hello my Esteemed Doctors,
I am in Rodney Malcolm's Commercial Transaction Group focusing on selling 
energy outsourcing relationships to industrial consumers. 
Based on the list of executed master agreements that was provided to us 
recently, many of our targeted industrial customers have not signed our 
master swap agreement. 
In preparation for our transacting with these customers, would you send me as 
soon as possible a copy of our Master Swap Agreement language, a copy of the 
more intermediate "Omnibus" Short form Swap agreement, and a copy of the one 
or two page confirmation agreement.  I will forward to my group so that they 
can become more familiar with the language, and I will also accumulate the 
industrial customers that we are closest to closing deals.  I will then 
forward the names of those customers to you so that we can get these 
documents to the customers in advance of the deals.
If you have any questions or comments, please call me at x35583.  Thank you, 
Tim
Bob Carter@ECT
05/26/2000 11:15 AM
We have a separate group in legal that puts these together.  Ed and I are not 
involved in the preparation or negotiation of swap agreements.  The group  in 
legal that works on them is led by Mark Taylor (x37459).  Others in the group 
are Carol St. Clair (x33989), Sara Shackleton (x35620) and Shari Stack 
(x39477).  I suggest that you contact any one of those people.  If I can 
assist, please let me know. 
Tim McKone@
05/26/2000 11:07 AM
Hello Bob and Ed.
What is the most efficient way for us to get Master Swap Agreements in place 
with our industrial consumers.  With the commodity energy market going 
through the roof, many of the industrials are asking us to concentrate on 
solving their short term commodity exposure and look to establish a  greater 
outsourcing opportunity in the future.  We do not seem to have Master Swap 
Agreements in place with industrials such as IMC Global, AK Steel, WR Grace, 
and our solutions will involve financial swaps.
Thank you. Tim
Kaye:  I would like to schedule a meeting for sometime after June 8 (when our 
new paralegal Samantha arrives) with Donna and Samantha.  We will need a 
conference room.  1 hour.  Taffy has Samantha's schedule.  I know she has 
orientation on June 8.  If Tana is "training" on June 9, 10, etc., I could 
borrow 1 hour.  Thanks.  Sara
Donna Lowry
05/24/2000 12:53 PM
I  would love it if we could meet.  We have made a little bit of headway in 
this effort, but quite frankly, not much.  In fact, I have seen DASH's that 
is indicating the purchase of public equity and I am trying to find out who 
and how etc these are being transacted.  Can you set something up or do you 
need me to. I will bring somebody from my group to help and learn so we 
probably need a conference room.  Thanks for keeping this issue alive Donna  P.S.  Has Marie moved to EBS or is she still with you?
Donna:  It's been awhile since we last spoke about advising Enron companies 
of existing brokerage accounts.  It has also been determined (in legal) that 
the accounts will remain with ME and not move to Alan A.  I have some 
temporary assistance in that an A&K lawyer, Jason Peters, is working up here 
for another few weeks.  I was hoping that we could all meet and put our 
"project" into action.  Please give me a call and suggest some time when we 
may meet.  Thanks.  Sara
Carol:  FYI - this is a Top Ten.  There are no entries in Lotus Notes since 
5/5/00.  Hope you had a nice weekend.  Sara
Edward Sacks@
05/26/2000 09:07 AM
At the request of the CP, we would like to redraft the ISDA with the 
suggested tiered threshold structure (see attached credit worksheet).  Other 
credit terms (ie. guaranties) may need to be amended as described in the 
worksheet attached.  We will simultaneously be amending our exiting Master 
Power Purchase and Sale Agreement with a similar tiered threshold structure If you should have any comments or questions, please contact me at x5-7712  , Ed Sacks
Melissa:  We need to meet again about the templates.  Also, what is this 
about?  And we have to talk about Deseret.  Thanks.  Sara
Paul Choi
05/26/2000 01:06 PM
I assume everything went fine with the last financial swap we did with El 
Paso Electric.  I just sold them another swap for 28 Mws in June.  Could we 
follow the same procedure.
Thanks,
Paul Choi
Melissa,
I just sold a swap to EPE and I have forwarded a copy of the attachment below 
to them.  They have agreed with the terms in the attachment.  Could you 
coordinate with Sara Shackleton to include the necessary attachment in our 
confirm.
Thanks,
Paul Choi
At the request of Sara Shackleton, I am transmitting a proposed form of Annex 
A for the referenced counterparty.  Please call me at x33399 or Sara at 
x35620 if we can be of further assistance.
Kaye:  Can you print a list of the documents in my folders so that I can 
eliminate old items?  Also, am I still subject to the "backup" of documents?
Rod:  Forgive my redundancy, but did I already request (and did you send) a 
credit worksheet for this counterparty?  This is another Clint Freeland/Jeff 
Nogid push for Fastow.  Thanks.  Sara
Jeff and Larry:  Last year, Mary Gosnell prepared a one page summary which 
was used by legal and credit to target the preparation of ISDA Master 
Agreements.  The summary was divided into two parts:  "Without Master 
Agreements" and "With ECT Master Agreements" and included the number of 
trades for the first half of the year.  It is our objective once again to put 
new agreements into place and upgrade existing ECT Master Agreements to ISDA 
Master Agreements.  I don't know if EOL trades have impacted the numbers this 
year and I'm not sure whether we need to create a line item for EOL (I'll 
leave that to your discretion).  Please let me know if you have any 
questions.  Thanks.  Sara
P.S.  We were very successful in negotiating masters appearing on Mary's 
list!
Attached is a new letter for the July 17 payment which ECT owes Sonoco Please review for accuracy.  If it's OK, one of us can fax (with the 
settlement statement) on the payment date.  Thanks.  Sara
Jarrod:  Please let me know when you have received the deemed ISDA doc.  SS
Jarrod Cyprow
05/26/2000 01:54 PM
I have attached a deal ticket for a transaction done today. This deal was 
done with a Swedish counterparty. I assume we need a deemed ISDA. I told them 
not to expect the Confirmation until sometime on Wednesday. Please call me if 
you have any questions.
Thank you,
Jarrod
We have agreed to sell a one-year floor to Ekman & Co. for 833 ADMT/month of 
NBSK PIX with a strike of US$595 from November 1, 2000 to October 31, 2001 The deal was arranged through TFS, and the ticket is attached.  Please let me 
know if there are any problems.
Thanks,
Jay
FYI:  Michael is on a two week honeymoon.  Good luck staying on top of these 
guys!  Sara
Deepak Sitlani
05/30/2000 08:42 AM
Sara
As requested, I chased SITA again this afternoon.  They have not yet 
appointed local counsel as the legal department is currently busy acquiring 
an Australian subsidiary 
I will chase again next week.
Deepak
Deepak Sitlani
23/05/2000 16:52
Sara
I refer to our recent conversation relating to the progress of ISDA 
negotiations with the above counterparty.
I have just spoken to Carine Lavergne at SITA.  She informs me that SITA does 
not feel adequately equipped or informed to progress the negotiations 
internally and therefore intends to appoint external counsel (I urged her to 
do this as soon as possible).  Despite this intended appointment, she assured 
me that SITA wishes to enter into the ISDA as soon as possible and is keen to 
keep negotiations to a minimum.
Either I or Michael Khajeh-Noori will keep you updated as to the progress.
For your information, I also attach a status report with respect to the 
counterparties with whom Michael and I are currently negotiating.
Let me know if you need anything else.
Deepak
FYI
Deepak Sitlani
05/30/2000 08:42 AM
Sara
As requested, I chased SITA again this afternoon.  They have not yet 
appointed local counsel as the legal department is currently busy acquiring 
an Australian subsidiary 
I will chase again next week.
Deepak
Deepak Sitlani
23/05/2000 16:52
Sara
I refer to our recent conversation relating to the progress of ISDA 
negotiations with the above counterparty.
I have just spoken to Carine Lavergne at SITA.  She informs me that SITA does 
not feel adequately equipped or informed to progress the negotiations 
internally and therefore intends to appoint external counsel (I urged her to 
do this as soon as possible).  Despite this intended appointment, she assured 
me that SITA wishes to enter into the ISDA as soon as possible and is keen to 
keep negotiations to a minimum.
Either I or Michael Khajeh-Noori will keep you updated as to the progress.
For your information, I also attach a status report with respect to the 
counterparties with whom Michael and I are currently negotiating.
Let me know if you need anything else.
Deepak
Rod:  Further to my recent memo, the Tokheim debt is being transferred to DLJ 
(and we owe Deutsche Bank for the unwind of the loan swap).  Sara
P.S.  Who will handle credit derivatives in your absence?
Sara Shackleton
05/18/2000 09:46 AM
Rod:  attached is a recap of current credit derivatives trading in Jeff K.'s 
group.  I don't know about activity during Shari's oversight but I hear it 
was minimal.  How does this compare with Enron Credit.com?  Also, do we want 
agreements with other trading counterparties (e.g., DLJ Capital Funding, 
Inc.)?  Are Jeff and Paul calling credit before trading?  Please call to chat 
when you have a chance.  Thanks.  Sara
Carol:  I missed this deal the other day which was originally assigned to 
Marie.  In our last legal/credit meeting, Brant was going to call Christina 
Tice, the CP credit manager.  Maybe this is a good one for Tana to stay on 
top of Brant.  Your name is on this one.
Also, nothing happened with credit on Friday.  Although Richard inquired 
about Palladium.  I let him know that we drew on the LC's last week 
(according to Tanya).  Sara
Rod:  And what lawyer is handling this in your presence?  This is beginning 
to sound like Koch and all of the Koch separate trading entities!!!!  My 
brain is full now.
Julian Poole@_DEVELOPMENT
05/30/2000 09:37 AM
Rod/Sara: last week we met with Capex and everything is advancing very well.
They see the signing of the ISDA as a very simple process, as they have 
several of them signed. But we need to take into account the following:
They want to sign 2 ISDAs, 1 with CAPEX and another one with CAPSA, because 
LPG, Oil and power are traded from the different entities
They have a Fiduciary Assignment Agreement with IFC that we need to look at 
and if necessary add some language in the ISDA
We are sending you the IFC Agreement for your review and comment. It will go 
by courrier cause of it's length. Once you receive it pls. review, and if we 
need to discuss anything with Capex, coordinate with Patrick to arrange a 
conference call.
Patrick will be involved in the process as he needs to fully understand the 
ISDA document due to EOL which is scheduled to  come on later this year.
Sara, we will need an ISDA for CAPSA as well. It will be identical to the 
CAPEX I believe. Rod pls provide your input to Sara on credit for Capsa, 
considering the no threshold issue.
, Julian
I am a derivatives lawyer with ENA in Houston and obtained your name through 
one of my traders who is transacting with Jay Carr in Houston (please see 
attached message below).  When I spoke with Jay earlier this month, I asked 
him for the name of a lawyer but was advised that all Vitol lawyers were in 
New York and that he would pass my message along to a lawyer.  I am assuming 
that you are the trading lawyer who can assist me with negotiating an ISDA 
Master Agreement between our respective companies.  If not, please let me 
know and feel free to pass this message on to the appropriate attorney.  On 
Sara Shackleton
05/05/2000 11:47 AM
Jay:  I am a lawyer with Enron.  I called for you on Friday, you're out, and 
no one else could help.  I would like to speak with a Vitol lawyer about (1) 
replacing our existing financial master with an ISDA (to accommodate a 
broader range of products) and (2) specifically incorporating the relevant 
ISDA definitions into the recent weather transaction confirmations even 
though the master is an early master energy price swap agreement.  Please 
call me at 713 853-5620 with the information so that we can move quickly Thank you for your help.  Sara
Kaye:  Please schedule about an hour with Elsa Piekielniak (X37613) in my 
office to discuss "new products, per her voice mail".  Thanks.  SS
WHAT IS THIS ALL ABOUT?
Shari Stack
05/30/2000 06:42 PM
fyi
Rogelio L?pez Velarde  	05/30/2000 07:20 PM
Please respond to Rogelio L?pez Velarde
See attachment.
The information contained herein may be confidential and/or privileged. This 
information is intended to be reviewed only by the individual or the entity 
to which is addressed. If the reader of this e-mail message is not the 
intended recipient or a representative of the intended recipient you are 
hereby notified that any review, dissemination or copying of this e-mail 
message or the information contained herein is prohibited. If you have 
and return this communication to the sender.
- att1.htm
- Memo new language.doc
pfeif@bravo20.com
05/30/2000 10:23 PM
Please respond to pfeif
Thank you for your business!  Here is your receipt:
Order Number: 1261
Comments / More Information:
Ordering Instructions: Cannot accept delivery on Friday, June 2
Qty  Name                                  SKU           Price Sub Total
Please come again!
Store URL 
This store is powered by ShopSite web catalog software.
FYI:  split effective for stockholders as of 7/23/99; 2 for 1; as I write 
this stock dropping.  Your analysis, Doctor?  SS
Bill:  I'll call you on Thursday, June 1 at 2pm MST.  Thanks.  Sara
"Bill C. Scott"  	05/30/2000 06:49 PM
** Proprietary 
Sara,
I received your voice mail message this afternoon.  I would be available any 
time after 1:00 MST on Thursday, June 1 or any time on Friday, June 2 to talk 
with you about the Swap Agreements.  Please let me know what would be the 
most convenient time for you and I will mark it down.  I look forward to 
hearing from you.
Bill Scott
THIS MESSAGE IS INTENDED ONLY FOR THE USE OF THE INDIVIDUAL OR ENTITY TO 
WHICH IT IS ADDRESSED AND MAY CONTAIN INFORMATION THAT IS PRIVILEGED, 
CONFIDENTIAL AND EXEMPT FROM DISCLOSURE UNDER APPLICABLE LAW.  If the reader 
of this message is not the intended recipient or agent responsible for 
delivering the message to the intended recipient, you are hereby notified 
that any dissemination or copying of this communication is strictly 
prohibited.  If you have received this electronic transmission in error, 
please delete it from your system without copying it, and notify the sender 
by reply e-mail or by calling 505.848.1800, so that our address record can be 
corrected.  Thank you.
System Administrator  	05/30/2000 11:31 AM
Your message
did not reach the following recipient(s):
ddf@vitol.com on Tue, 30 May 2000 17:31:42 +0100
The recipient name is not recognized
The MTS-ID of the original message is: c=US;a;p=Vitol;l=LDN0040005301631L7L87HSX
MSEXCH:IMS:Vitol:LONDON:LDN004 0 (000C05A6) Unknown Recipient
I am a derivatives lawyer with ENA in Houston and obtained your name through
one
of my traders who is transacting with Jay Carr in Houston (please see
attached
message below).  When I spoke with Jay earlier this month, I asked him for
the
name of a lawyer but was advised that all Vitol lawyers were in New York and
that he would pass my message along to a lawyer.  I am assuming that you are
the
trading lawyer who can assist me with negotiating an ISDA Master Agreement
between our respective companies.  If not, please let me know and feel free
to
pass this message on to the appropriate attorney.  On April 12, 1995, Enron
Capital & Trade Resources Corp., predecessor in title to ENA, and Vitol
S.A.,
Inc. entered into a Master Agreement which is one of ENA's early energy
price
swap agreements.  Since our companies are currently trading weather
derivatives,
I think you would agree that it would be prudent to supersede the existing
agreement with an ISDA Master Agreement.  This relates to my conversation
with
Jay in that we confirmed our weather deals under the existing master but
incorporated the 1991 and 1993 ISDA definitions into the confirms of our
weather
trades.  Please let me hear from you.  You can reach me via email, phone
(713/853-5620) or fax (713/646-3490).
|
Jay:  I am a lawyer with Enron.  I called for you on Friday, you're out, and
no
one else could help.  I would like to speak with a Vitol lawyer about (1)
replacing our existing financial master with an ISDA (to accommodate a
broader
range of products) and (2) specifically incorporating the relevant ISDA
definitions into the recent weather transaction confirmations even though
the
master is an early master energy price swap agreement.  Please call me at
713
853-5620 with the information so that we can move quickly.  Thank you for
your
help.  Sara
All:  I know that credit and legal are currently stretched to the limits but 
pushing your credit priorities will require some coordination.  Here's a 
brief recap of yesterday's meeting:
ALMOST DONE:  Cargill, Idacorp, Utilicorp
BRANT:  Dynegy Canada, Occidental, Duke Energy Marketing Limited P'p
ED:  Mieco, Inc.
RUSSELL:  PanCanadian Energy Services, WPS Energy Services
TANYA:  J.Aron (we need commercial help to push this)
Please review the comments taken at each meeting and distributed to 
everyone.  Please use Lotus Notes to record/review activity.  We are 
depending on you to take needed action as required and we are doing the 
same.  Thanks.  Sara
Tanya:  Please talk to either Carol or Tana.  Maybe they need commercial help 
to get the guaranty.  SS
Tanya Rohauer
05/31/2000 08:52 AM
sara, i thought Jaron was done we were just waiting on the gty??
All:  I know that credit and legal are currently stretched to the limits but 
pushing your credit priorities will require some coordination.  Here's a 
brief recap of yesterday's meeting:
ALMOST DONE:  Cargill, Idacorp, Utilicorp
BRANT:  Dynegy Canada, Occidental, Duke Energy Marketing Limited P'p
ED:  Mieco, Inc.
RUSSELL:  PanCanadian Energy Services, WPS Energy Services
TANYA:  J.Aron (we need commercial help to push this)
Please review the comments taken at each meeting and distributed to 
everyone.  Please use Lotus Notes to record/review activity.  We are 
depending on you to take needed action as required and we are doing the 
same.  Thanks.  Sara
Tanya:  Please see Vitol response below.  Do you generate the credit 
worksheet?  How does London credit fit in here?  Another interesting feature 
here is the use of the multibranch provision for a trading company (Vitol 
isn't a bank, or is it?).  I have never seen this utilized in practice for a 
non-bank entity and have resisted the idea for us.  There is very little 
written about the application of the multibranch party and I think that is 
because it has been understood as applying to banks.  However, would this 
master be a "multibranch master" for us as well?  Sara
David Fransen  	05/31/2000 09:57 AM
Sara
Firstly, thanks for the message. I am indeed the right person for ISDA's in
Vitol. I did meet with your credit people in London ( David Hardy and Lee
Munden) and we did discuss the idea of replacing the existing agreement. I
am at present in our office in Rotterdam, but will be back in Geneva
tomorrow. I therefore do not have the existing agreement with me, but I seem
to remember that it is just signed with Vitol SA Inc, which is the US branch
office of the main trading company in the Vitol Group, Vitol SA, which is a
Swiss company registered in Geneva. I would suggest that you send us a
proposal for an ISDA agreement with Vitol SA, set up as a multibranch
company about to trade out of its Geneva and Houston office, and with Vitol
Holding BV (the ultimate parent company of the group) as the credit support
provider. I would hope that once we have agreed terms for the basic schedule
and credit support annex, we can then easily add other Vitol or Enron
companies as appropriate.
, David
David Fransen
Vitol SA Geneva
Tel : 00-41-22-322-1111
|
Your message
did not reach the following recipient(s):
ddf@vitol.com on Tue, 30 May 2000 17:31:42 +0100
The recipient name is not recognized
The MTS-ID of the original message is: c=US;a;p=Vitol;l=LDN0040005301631L7L87HSX
MSEXCH:IMS:Vitol:LONDON:LDN004 0 (000C05A6) Unknown Recipient
I am a derivatives lawyer with ENA in Houston and obtained your name through
one
of my traders who is transacting with Jay Carr in Houston (please see
attached
message below).  When I spoke with Jay earlier this month, I asked him for
the
name of a lawyer but was advised that all Vitol lawyers were in New York and
that he would pass my message along to a lawyer.  I am assuming that you are
the
trading lawyer who can assist me with negotiating an ISDA Master Agreement
between our respective companies.  If not, please let me know and feel free
to
pass this message on to the appropriate attorney.  On April 12, 1995, Enron
Capital & Trade Resources Corp., predecessor in title to ENA, and Vitol
S.A.,
Inc. entered into a Master Agreement which is one of ENA's early energy
price
swap agreements.  Since our companies are currently trading weather
derivatives,
I think you would agree that it would be prudent to supersede the existing
agreement with an ISDA Master Agreement.  This relates to my conversation
with
Jay in that we confirmed our weather deals under the existing master but
incorporated the 1991 and 1993 ISDA definitions into the confirms of our
weather
trades.  Please let me hear from you.  You can reach me via email, phone
(713/853-5620) or fax (713/646-3490).
|
Jay:  I am a lawyer with Enron.  I called for you on Friday, you're out, and
no
one else could help.  I would like to speak with a Vitol lawyer about (1)
replacing our existing financial master with an ISDA (to accommodate a
broader
range of products) and (2) specifically incorporating the relevant ISDA
definitions into the recent weather transaction confirmations even though
the
master is an early master energy price swap agreement.  Please call me at
713
853-5620 with the information so that we can move quickly.  Thank you for
your
help.  Sara
Tanya:  another Vitol message
Lee Munden@ECT
05/31/2000 10:08 AM
David 
I agree with your proposal but would like to add that in order to determine 
the MAC for Vitol Holding BV, in the absence of a Rating from S& P etc, we 
need to receive details of existing bank covenants which I believe you were 
going to forward to us.
We also need to consider the netting issue between the various entities 
involved in UK Power / Gas / Oil 
Please give me a call if you have any questions
Lee
Sara
Firstly, thanks for the message. I am indeed the right person for ISDA's in
Vitol. I did meet with your credit people in London ( David Hardy and Lee
Munden) and we did discuss the idea of replacing the existing agreement. I
am at present in our office in Rotterdam, but will be back in Geneva
tomorrow. I therefore do not have the existing agreement with me, but I seem
to remember that it is just signed with Vitol SA Inc, which is the US branch
office of the main trading company in the Vitol Group, Vitol SA, which is a
Swiss company registered in Geneva. I would suggest that you send us a
proposal for an ISDA agreement with Vitol SA, set up as a multibranch
company about to trade out of its Geneva and Houston office, and with Vitol
Holding BV (the ultimate parent company of the group) as the credit support
provider. I would hope that once we have agreed terms for the basic schedule
and credit support annex, we can then easily add other Vitol or Enron
companies as appropriate.
, David
David Fransen
Vitol SA Geneva
Tel : 00-41-22-322-1111
|
Your message
did not reach the following recipient(s):
ddf@vitol.com on Tue, 30 May 2000 17:31:42 +0100
The recipient name is not recognized
The MTS-ID of the original message is: c=US;a;p=Vitol;l=LDN0040005301631L7L87HSX
MSEXCH:IMS:Vitol:LONDON:LDN004 0 (000C05A6) Unknown Recipient
I am a derivatives lawyer with ENA in Houston and obtained your name through
one
of my traders who is transacting with Jay Carr in Houston (please see
attached
message below).  When I spoke with Jay earlier this month, I asked him for
the
name of a lawyer but was advised that all Vitol lawyers were in New York and
that he would pass my message along to a lawyer.  I am assuming that you are
the
trading lawyer who can assist me with negotiating an ISDA Master Agreement
between our respective companies.  If not, please let me know and feel free
to
pass this message on to the appropriate attorney.  On April 12, 1995, Enron
Capital & Trade Resources Corp., predecessor in title to ENA, and Vitol
S.A.,
Inc. entered into a Master Agreement which is one of ENA's early energy
price
swap agreements.  Since our companies are currently trading weather
derivatives,
I think you would agree that it would be prudent to supersede the existing
agreement with an ISDA Master Agreement.  This relates to my conversation
with
Jay in that we confirmed our weather deals under the existing master but
incorporated the 1991 and 1993 ISDA definitions into the confirms of our
weather
trades.  Please let me hear from you.  You can reach me via email, phone
(713/853-5620) or fax (713/646-3490).
|
Jay:  I am a lawyer with Enron.  I called for you on Friday, you're out, and
no
one else could help.  I would like to speak with a Vitol lawyer about (1)
replacing our existing financial master with an ISDA (to accommodate a
broader
range of products) and (2) specifically incorporating the relevant ISDA
definitions into the recent weather transaction confirmations even though
the
master is an early master energy price swap agreement.  Please call me at
713
853-5620 with the information so that we can move quickly.  Thank you for
your
help.  Sara
You'd better be back in town!  Sara
Yao Apasu@_DEVELOPMENT
05/30/2000 03:25 PM
I can't wait. I hope to be back in town by then. See you all soon.
Yao
You are Cordially Invited To Attend A Party Celebrating The Privilege You 
Had  Of Working With Marie Heard At ENA
Date:  June 9, 2000
Dress: Casual
Time:  6:00 P.M. Until 8:00 P.M.
Location:  3915 Coleridge (West University)
Houston, Texas
(713) 664-3207)
(Driving Instructions Will Be Available)
Please RSVP To Suzanne Adams @ 713-853-7340
By June 4, 2000
Thank you for the confirmation.  I assume that I am not charged until you 
ship.  Is this correct?
Don Albers  	05/31/2000 11:50 AM
Dear Ms. Shackleton:
Thank you for your recent order placed at
www.bravo.com.  Bravo 20 has recently merged with OFFI
& Company.  During this transitional period, our time
between order receipt and shipping is longer than
usual, as we are in the midst of manufacturing and
re-stocking.
Due to this delay, the approximate shipping date for
your order is 7/25/00, although we hope the actual
ship date will be earlier.  Please do not hesitate to
contact us at 800-383-OFFI(6334) or offiweb@yahoo.com
if you have any questions or if we can be of further
assistance.
Thank you,
OFFI & Company
__________________________________________________
Do You Yahoo!?
Send instant messages & get email alerts with Yahoo! Messenger.
Paul:  We'll await your credit worksheets to begin preparing the ISDA's Thanks.  Sara
Michael Moulton
Sent by: Kimberly Bullock
05/31/2000 12:17 PM
Sarah,
Could you please put together an ISDA for the following customers of Michael 
Moulton to go out via federal express as soon as possible?
1.  James W. Bohlig
Sr VP & Chief Operating Officer
Casella Waste Systems, Inc.
25 Greens Hill Lane
Rutland, VT 05701
2.  Sean Duffy
Sr. Vice President
FCR, Inc.
809 West  Hill Street
Charlotte, NC 28208
704-379-0600
Hi, Susan.  Just to let you know that I will have the agreements executed by 
ENA once you have initialled and returned them to me.  Thanks.  Sara
I have not heard from Andre Cangucu (although he opened the e-mail 
yesterday).  I will contact him again.  I sent the index of final and draft 
resolutions to Andrea on July 12 for updating.  Can you schedule some time to 
speak with Andrea?  Thanks.  Sara
No credit support annex.  Enron Corp. guaranty capped at $25 million.  That's 
the latest (for Lehman, etc.)
Rod Nelson
05/31/2000 09:54 AM
Let's use ENA as the Enron entity on all of these new contracts.
Kaye:  Will you please print these docs for me?  Thanks.  Sara
Clint Freeland@
05/31/2000 12:44 PM
I think the wrong file was sent out earlier.  Here are the revised 
documents.  Please review and provide me with your comments.
CF
mukunah@winstim.com on 05/31/2000 08:35:52 AM
In connection with Enron's PATS offering, we're attaching a Cover Letter and
clean and marked drafts of the revised Preliminary Offering Circular, Purchase
Agreement, Remarketing Agreement and Trust Agreement.
,
Hazel Mukuna
(See attached file: Cover Letter.doc)
(See attached file: Preliminary Offering Circular.doc)  (See attached file:
Preliminary Offering Circular.REDLINE.doc)
(See attached file: Purchase Agreement.doc)        (See attached file: 
Purchase
Agreement.REDLINE.doc)
(See attached file: Remarketing Agreement.doc)     (See attached file:
Remarketing Agreement.REDLINE.doc)
(See attached file: Trust Agreement.doc)           (See attached file: Trust
Agreement.REDLINE.doc)
______________________________________
This message, together with any attachments, is intended only for the
use of the individual or entity to which it is addressed and may contain
information that is legally privileged, confidential and exempt from
disclosure.  If you are not the intended recipient, you are hereby
notified that any dissemination, distribution, or copying of this
message,or any attachment, is strictly prohibited.  If you have received
this message in error, please notify the original sender (or the WSPR
Help Desk) immediately by telephone (212-858-1000) or by return
E-mail and delete the message, along with any attachments, from
your computer.  Thank you.
- Cover Letter.doc
- Preliminary Offering Circular.doc
- Preliminary Offering Circular.REDLINE.doc
- Purchase Agreement.doc
- Purchase Agreement.REDLINE.doc
- Remarketing Agreement.doc
- Remarketing Agreement.REDLINE.doc
- Trust Agreement.doc
- Trust Agreement.REDLINE.doc
Kaye:  Will you please print these as well?
mukunah@winstim.com
05/31/2000 08:35 AM
In connection with Enron's PATS offering, we're attaching a Cover Letter and
clean and marked drafts of the revised Preliminary Offering Circular, Purchase
Agreement, Remarketing Agreement and Trust Agreement.
,
Hazel Mukuna
(See attached file: Cover Letter.doc)
(See attached file: Preliminary Offering Circular.doc)  (See attached file:
Preliminary Offering Circular.REDLINE.doc)
(See attached file: Purchase Agreement.doc)        (See attached file: 
Purchase
Agreement.REDLINE.doc)
(See attached file: Remarketing Agreement.doc)     (See attached file:
Remarketing Agreement.REDLINE.doc)
(See attached file: Trust Agreement.doc)           (See attached file: Trust
Agreement.REDLINE.doc)
______________________________________
This message, together with any attachments, is intended only for the
use of the individual or entity to which it is addressed and may contain
information that is legally privileged, confidential and exempt from
disclosure.  If you are not the intended recipient, you are hereby
notified that any dissemination, distribution, or copying of this
message,or any attachment, is strictly prohibited.  If you have received
this message in error, please notify the original sender (or the WSPR
Help Desk) immediately by telephone (212-858-1000) or by return
E-mail and delete the message, along with any attachments, from
your computer.  Thank you.
- Cover Letter.doc
- Preliminary Offering Circular.doc
- Preliminary Offering Circular.REDLINE.doc
- Purchase Agreement.doc
- Purchase Agreement.REDLINE.doc
- Remarketing Agreement.doc
- Remarketing Agreement.REDLINE.doc
- Trust Agreement.doc
- Trust Agreement.REDLINE.doc
Paul Radous@
05/31/2000 01:14 PM
Attached is the Casella worksheet for your distribution to a legal assistant.
Paul:  I finally got your address right!  Why are YOU listed in the Enron 
Corp. address book?  Tanya and Rod can be accessed through the ECT 
directory!  I spoke with David Mitchell this morning.  He will prepare a 
short memo summarizing our recent discussion (NYMEX), probably by the end of 
this week or early next week.  Then we can decide whether additional 
conversations are necessary and how to proceed in general.  Also, please send 
credit worksheets to BOTH Susan Bailey and Susan Flynn.  They divide up the 
booty.  We have a new paralegal starting on Monday named Samantha Boyd.  She 
will eventually be thrown into the fray.  We'll be sending a new message to 
everyone in credit soon.  Thanks for your help.  Sara
Paul Radous@
05/31/2000 01:14 PM
Attached is the Casella worksheet for your distribution to a legal assistant.
Ted:  ENA, formerly Enron Gas Marketing, Inc., opened a futures account with 
Cargill in 1993.  I am advised that there has not been any activity with 
Cargill for many months.  It appears that we had subaccounts for trading 
crude, nat gas, unleaded gas.  We do not have any margin residing with 
Cargill. 
Given our recent discussions regarding inactive equity accounts, I was 
wondering if you had given any thought to inactive futures accounts 
As of 5/23/00, I see only 13 active futures accounts.  The following accounts 
appear to be dormant:
(1) Bank One - I am currently negotiating to open up a margin line
(2)  Cargill
(3)  Daiwa Securities America
(4)  Gerald Inc. (may have merged or business moved to another firm)
(5)  Merrill Lynch Futures
(6)  Paine Webber
(7)  OM Stockholm (paper)
(8)  Spear, Leeds & Kellogg
Please let me know what action you would like to take, if any, or discuss in 
general.  Thanks.  Sara 
Susan:  Please send to Peter Bar (he's the trader) at Merrill pbarna@exchange.ml.com
You can call him to see if you should also send to a lawyer, probably Gary 
Rosenblum.  Peter's phone number is 212-449-6763.  His fax is 212-738-1069.
Also, I had opened a Lotus Notes entry to begin capturing information.  You 
will need to delete one of the entries.  Thanks.  Sara
Martin:  I wasn't certain if I sent you an email earlier today, but I am in 
need of current information regarding Swedish law, in connection with an ENA 
swap with a Swedish corporate.  I faxed our counsel (from the 1996 
derivatives survey) Advokatfirman Vinge KB to inquire about the 
enforceability of arbitration in ISDA agreements between US and Swedish 
parties.  Do you know the answer?  Or do you have any other suggestions?  We 
did a trade yesterday and I'm trying to document using a deemed ISDA.  I 
appreciate any help.   .  Sara
Paul Radous@
05/31/2000 02:53 PM
Sara, 
I agreed at yesterday's meeting to ask Brad Schnieder about Great Lakes 
Energy Partners LLC and to ask Ed Sacks about Tucson Electric Power Co.  In 
both cases, the credit analysts will follow up with the traders, but 
indicated that they should be taken off of the priority list.
Kaye:  Attached is my message from Tuesday.  Also, please schedule an hour in 
my office with Melissa Murphy (31886) to discuss power confirms.  SS
Sara Shackleton
05/30/2000 06:01 PM
Kaye:  Please schedule about an hour with Elsa Piekielniak (X37613) in my 
office to discuss "new products, per her voice mail".  Thanks.  SS
Before I respond to Shari, I would like to chat with you, please.  Thanks Sara
Shari Stack
07/14/99 12:24 PM
Sara: 
Would you mind to handle this one?  It appears that ETOL is the entity 
involved in the Watershed deal you worked on back in December.
I have been sent a copy of a proposed  ECT-ETOL ISDA Schedule and it is very 
specialized and unlike (despite what Mark Evans wrote) the Riverside 6 
transaction I am working on.   Maybe it is the Schedule used in the Watershed 
deal?? Anyway, I will bring it to you. 
Many thanks, 
Shari
Mark Evans
07/13/99 07:19 PM
Shari,
this has been sent to you because of the similarities with the Teesside 
Riverside 6 swap which you are dealing with. Perhaps you or Mark could let us 
know whether you or someone else will be taking this forward.
The deal is that Enron is providing swap support to the deal which is an 
Enron structured financing to get ETOL off balance sheet. ETOL (Enron 
Teesside Operations Limited) owns the power station at Wilton which we bought 
from ICI at the end of December 1998.
The main factor to bear in mind is that (as in Riverside 6) the swap has to 
be seen in the context of the deal  as a whole and thus there may be 
non-standard provisions in the documentation  which  are deal specific and 
which Enron has to accept in the context of the deal.
Let's speak about this as soon as we know that you will be the person to take 
this forward.
Thanks
Mark
Robina Barker-Bennett
13/07/99 18:33
Shari
ETOL is Enron Teesside Operations Holdings Limited, a company we bought in 
December last year.   We are currently arranging the sale of subordinated 
debt and equity in this company to a group of US institutional investors Since the underlying cash flows are sterling but the investors want US$, we 
have entered into a currency swap with Trena and Harry.   The ISDA that 
Jurgen has sent to you has been drafted by Milbank Tweed, counsel to the 
Investors.  Mark Evans is the Enron legal person on the transaction, and our 
outside counsel are Slaughter & May.
The underlying transaction is, I believe, similar to the Teesside deal, in 
that it is subordinated to the investors investment.   The underlying swap is 
for 10 years, but in certain circumstances, largely relating to default by 
ETOL, the swap might be accelerated.
My understanding from Slaughters is that the ISDA is standard for the first 
10 pages and thereafter is specific to the current transaction.
I would suggest that if you feed your comments back via either Mark or 
myself.  My number is +44 171 970 7438.
If you have any further questions, please call.
, Robina
Shari Stack
13/07/99 18:19
Dear Robina- 
I have received the belowmentioned document from Jurgen.  Can you pls explain 
what or who ETOL is? Do you know who drafted this ISDA Schedule? ECT 
(Houston) Legal? ECTRI (London) Legal? Who am I supposed to neogiate with at 
ETOL? 
What are the underlying transactions that this document governs?
I am the attorney working on the Teesside ISDA and it does not resemble this. 
Any information you can give would be appreciated.
Many thanks, 
Shari Stack 
Jurgen Hess
07/08/99 06:26 AM
Shari, 
Robina Barker-Bennett from our London treasury group asked me to forward to 
you an ISDA Master agreement from ETOL Trust.  I am going to send you this 
document by air mail.
It seems you have recieved already similair agreements from us. Robina 
mentioned the Teeside ISDA in this context.
Please give either Robina or me a call if you have questions.Thanks
Jurgen.
P.S.: I talked to Gunnar from SEB lately about the ISDA and they really seem 
to be very slow in their legal department. Thanks for your up-dates.
John:  Per my voice mail.  Please call.  Sara
Duncan Croasdale
05/31/2000 06:11 PM
Sara,
As discussed, ECC hopes to transact with ATCO over the next week or so if we 
can agree on pricing.  This is the form of agreement they propose.  It 
represents 
the way their 3-way JV owned plant will sell power offtake to marketers such 
as Enron.  I would be interested in your opinion especially if we are close 
to 
commercial agreement.
Please call me if you have any questions.
,
Duncan Croasdale
tel. 403.974.6718
Susan:  Please let me review changes to docs.  When will this go out the the 
counterparty?  Sara
Mark:  I have scheduled a 5 pm flight to NO.  I am attending a wedding Friday 
night.  I hope this is not a problem, but let me know.  Also, did you receive 
my voice mail about the Goldman electronic agreement and their denial of my 
request for injunctive relief upon proof of breach?  I'd like to finalize 
this agreement.  Thanks.  Sara
Jarrod Cyprow
05/17/2000 08:43 AM
I have attached some revisions that Bob made to that true up language that 
you had sent down for use with an Omnibus contract. Please let me know what 
you think.
FYI
Sara Shackleton
05/31/2000 12:41 PM
Hi, Susan.  Just to let you know that I will have the agreements executed by 
ENA once you have initialled and returned them to me.  Thanks.  Sara
David Minns@_DEVELOPMENT
05/31/2000 10:51 PM
Further to our telephone discussion today with Jason Peters who I couldn't 
find on email. I did some checking around. The clause (which incidently 
normally has a paragraph (d))seems  to be only found in the CBA Agreements. 
Its purpose is a little uncertain. If the Broker was holding a Client's money 
then by law he must account for it. 
The reason why there ARN Ambro may be reluctant to accept the clause is 
because the instances it addresses would probably fall within the definition 
of an "undesirable market event" under the SFE rules. This would trigger 
action by the Board of SFE to sort out the mess. It may uncertain as to how 
these contractual would fit in 
Taffy:  Did you ever deliver a recap of our Tuesday meeting to legal and 
credit?  Sara
Tanya:  my mistake.  I'll put back on.  We've signed; it's their paper.  Sara
Tanya Rohauer
06/01/2000 09:51 AM
Why was Pacific Gas & Electric taken off the active list?  I thought this had 
been sent for execution.
Melissa:  Attached is my version.  Please call if you have any questions.  SS
FYI
Sheila Glover
06/01/2000 03:14 PM
Sheung,
I am resending this e-mail to you.
As soon as we have an account number for EDIDE we will give you a letter to 
transfer Shares as a contribution from EPCA  to EDIDE.
We will send a separate letter for instructions for EDIDE to convert the ADRs 
to ordinary Class B Shares.
Thanks. Sheila
Rafael Rangel@_DEVELOPMENT
05/25/2000 10:48 AM
Corrections to #4 below.  Originally had EPCA, should be EDIDE.
RFR
Rafael Rangel
05/25/2000 10:20 AM
Sheila, as discussed yesterday, I need to do the following:
Open a brokerage account at Morgan Stanley for Enron de Inversiones de 
Energia S.C.A. (an Argentine company) (EDIDE)
This account will hold ADRs that will be contributed or transferred into its 
account by Enron Pipeline Company-Argentina S.A.  (EPCA)(account #038-088357) 
at Morgan Stanley.
EPCA will contribute 431,300 ADRs in Transportadora Gas del Sur (TGS) into 
EDIDE's new account.  That contribution represents the capital contribution 
that EPCA is obligated to make under the capital increase resolution dated 
February 20th, 2000.
After the ADR's are transferred into EDIDE's accounts, EDIDE will need to 
convert such ADR's into ordinary Class B shares in TGS so that they can be 
registered accordingly in Argentina.
Sheila, I am forwarding a hard copy of this e-mail with appropriate support 
(corporate resolutions authorizing me to open this account, resolution 
authorizing the increase in capital and some forms that I had Eduardo 
Ojea-Quintana (President of EDIDE) sign).
Please review and advise of what else you need to finalize this transaction.
,
RFR
Rafael Rangel
05/24/2000 05:50 PM
Sheila, finally ready to open up the account at Morgan Stanley for EDIDE so 
that EPCA can transfer the correct amount of ADRs.  I have the Corporate 
Resolution from EDIDE.  I understand that the contact at Morgan Stanley has 
changed.  Please advise.
RFR
I will be out on maternity leave soon (hopefully).  In my absence, please 
call Sheila Glover (3-3210) for any questions that you may have.  If you just 
need a copy of an old report, please call Aneela Charania at 3-0951.
Thanks,
Terri
3-9899
Melba Lozano
07/09/99 09:04 AM
Rod:  I spoke with Merrill legal and the biggest issue is the capped guaranty 
(particularly since Merrill expected Enron Corp. to be the counterparty Please call Peter Barna to discuss at 212-449-6763.  Thanks.  Sara
I will be leaving the office at approx. 3:45 pm.  If we need to meet, please 
see me before that time.  Sara
Don Albers  	06/01/2000 04:23 PM
Dear Ms. Shackleton:
That is correct, we will not charge your card until we
ship.  Please let us know if you have any more
questions.
Thank you,
Jennifer
OFFI & Company
--- Sara.Shackleton@ wrote: