Stop the madness!!!   What do you mean you're bidding for a company?  Are you 
writing the bid for your boss?  And why would you be complaining??
Gabriel Monroy
11/16/2000 11:01 AM
Huhh??? You are confused?  I am confused about your confusion
What are you confused about?
Robin Rodrigue
11/16/2000 10:49 AM
Huh??  I'm confused.
Gabriel Monroy
11/16/2000 10:45 AM
Hey hey,  I am here almost submitting a bid for this company and I am not 
complaining. 
Gabriel
I'm so impressed.  You mean you actually got to leave the building...wow Actually you won't believe this but I left the building for lunch.  I just 
went to Chick-fil-A, but at least it wasn't Enron.
Huh??  I'm confused.
Gabriel Monroy
11/16/2000 10:45 AM
Hey hey,  I am here almost submitting a bid for this company and I am not 
complaining. 
Gabriel
Sorry it took me so long to reply, we had a slight crisis here.  I went to 
Shreveport on Nov. 2.  That would be about right for when you left b/c you 
left me just in time to have to roll the month by myself...just kidding 
RR
I couldn't send myself a net send.  Guess I'll just have to talk to myself 
the old fashioned way.
RR
Gabriel Monroy
11/16/2000 07:19 AM
Thank you, it worked
MS DOS definitely does not work for me anymore. It is weird because it works 
when I send myself a message. Try sending yourself a message to see what 
happens. Let me know. 
Have you kept up with any new information about Risk people? You know what I 
mean right 
Gabriel 
I'm not sure specifically what you're refering to...Do you mean someone on 
the financial book's love life (ie Susan or Kori), or the HR spy?
Glad it worked, now maybe you won't get fired.  Have you gotten something to 
eat yet?
Robin
Gabriel Monroy
11/16/2000 07:19 AM
Thank you, it worked
MS DOS definitely does not work for me anymore. It is weird because it works 
when I send myself a message. Try sending yourself a message to see what 
happens. Let me know. 
Have you kept up with any new information about Risk people? You know what I 
mean right 
Gabriel 
EFF_DT PORTFOLIO_ID DOWN95
11/15/00 MANAGEMENT-CRD 0
11/15/00 MANAGEMENT-GAS 3,570,479
11/15/00 MANAGEMENT-PWR 200,087
11/15/00 AGG-MANAGEMENT 3,667,563
Monica,
I have assumed Gabriel's responsibilities, so please send the basis report to 
me each morning 
Thanks,
Robin
Gabriel Monroy
11/15/2000 07:59 AM
Good Morning!, almost afternoon for you.
How have you been getting this file if I do not see you on the distribution 
list?
Gabriel
MONICA HWANG@EES
11/14/2000 04:55 PM
Please find the attached EES Basis Position Report.
Thanks, 
Monica
Precisely the problem...I haven't been getting that file.  I finally just 
built an EES report in the Basis report.
Thanks for sending it,
Robin
EFF_DT PORTFOLIO_ID DOWN95
11/14/00 MANAGEMENT-CRD 0
11/14/00 MANAGEMENT-GAS 2,977,025
11/14/00 MANAGEMENT-PWR 231,980
11/14/00 AGG-MANAGEMENT 3,003,246
This trader left, so these books are no longer used either.  They did belong 
to Richardson.
Bilal Bajwa
11/14/2000 02:32 PM
Also what about these books FT-NEW-TEXAS-BAS, 'FT-NEW-TEXAS-GDL AND 
'FT-NEW-TEXAS-PRC?
Bilal
Bilal,
These books are no longer used.
Robin
Bilal Bajwa
11/14/2000 02:30 PM
Robin,
Whose books are these GD-MARKET-BAS, GD-MARKET-GDL, AND GD-MARKET-PRC Bilal
EFF_DT PORTFOLIO_ID DOWN95
2/28/01  MANAGEMENT-COAL 0
2/28/01  MANAGEMENT-CRD 0
2/28/01  MANAGEMENT-GAS 854,693
2/28/01  MANAGEMENT-PWR 164,563
2/28/01  AGG-MANAGEMENT 964,254
This will get me brownie points, right?
Robin
__________________________________________________
Do You Yahoo!?
Yahoo! Calendar - Get organized for the holidays!
Please note my new location.
Thanks,
Robin
x57478
EFF_DT PORTFOLIO_ID DOWN95
11/13/00 MANAGEMENT-CRD 0
11/13/00 MANAGEMENT-GAS 2,726,690
11/13/00 MANAGEMENT-PWR 243,892
11/13/00 AGG-MANAGEMENT 2,785,081
Company:  Enron Americas
Department: Risk Management
Supervisor:  Jeffery Gossett 3-7306
Thanks,
Robin
x57478
Carol Short@_DEVELOPMENT
11/13/2000 10:58 AM
Well, it's that time again 
Mike Norris will again be representing each of you during this joyous time To make sure we have up-to-date information, would you please email your 
current company, department, supervisor and supervisor's phone number 
Please let me have this information as quickly as possible.
Thanks.
Carol
Here's a mental picture for you of me when I got to the chafing part of your 
email...thumbs in ears, remaining fingers covering eyes, and repetitive 
chanting of la,la,la,la,la,la 
I'm so disappointed but I won't be able to join you for the "fun run" on 
Thanksgiving.  I'm headed home to see the family.   I really wish you were 
here right now.  You are one of the few people that would truly appreciate 
how irritating this guy that sits next to me is!!!  He just asked someone how 
Chi-COG-OOOO was.  How do you accent every syllable (and then really drag out 
the last)???  Unfortunately that isn't nearly the most irritating thing that 
he does.  I'll update you as he provides me with more stories.
As for the food in Australia...it's really not all that different from here I mean Sydney is a big city so they have just about every type of food.  They 
have a lot of American fast food chains.  The one that surprised me though 
was KFC...it's everywhere.  It's a lot more popular there than it is here.  I 
guess some of the biggest differences are that they eat pumpkin as a 
vegetable, and they put beets on their hamburgers, and they eat a lot of 
lamb.  Lamb is about as cheap and common as chicken is here.  And they eat 
meat pies....yuck.  The pastry is good on the pies but there's no flavor to 
the meat...it's just greasy ground beef.  I think they still have a little 
too much of a British influence in their food...they don't believe in 
seasoning 
I saw quite a few good looking guys.  There was a lifesaver training course 
going on at Bondi while I was there.  That provided some great scenery!!  But 
then the problem is that the men don't realize when to stop wearing the 
speedos!!  The young guys look good in them, but after 30 they shouldn't be 
worn in public...and after 60 they shouldn't even be considered as underwear 
under six layers of clothing, but they especially shouldn't be worn on the 
beach!!!!  I saw one old man whose belly hung so low that I wasn't even sure 
he had a suit on, and I was scared to look too close for fear of what I might 
see and for fear he'd think I was interested.
Gotta go to a meeting.
Robin
Mike Pitre  Wow, what a trip.  Wish I could have been there to be with all those old
people.  I do have specific questions about Australia though.
How is the food?  Weird, good or just not worth eating?  What do they eat?
What did you eat?
See any good looking guys?
Did you make them speak just to hear the accent?  Did they make you speak
just to hear your accent?
Going back?
Megan enjoyed your email  message.  Needless to say so did I.
Ann and I ran a 25 K (15.5 miles) yesterday morning.  Got a T-shirt and a
banana for the run.  Neat, huh?  I was nine minutes slower this year than
last year but it doesn't bother me.  I had fun but at about mile 13 I was
definitely ready to cross the finish line.  I just had a couple more miles.
My shorts chaffed the inside of my inner thighs and that was/is painful.
Is that too much information?  I can walk this morning but my legs are
fatigued.  I couldn't run from the front door to pick the newspaper off of
the front lawn this morning.  Pitiful.  Too bad you can't see and hear me
moan.  I'll just write it a couple of times.  Moan, moan.  There, that's
better.
Plans for Turkey Day?  Want to run a 5 K with Ann and I?  It'll be fun.
Let me know.  You know, I think Ann is going to Michigan, so it'll just be
me.  Maybe I'll just stay home and stuff my face.
Megan is very weak.  I sure do love that kid.
Well, don't work too hard.
See ya, Becky
We're going to try for the conference room next to Bob Hall's office, but if 
that's taken we'll just meet at Frank's desk 
Where 
Robin Rodrigue
11/13/2000 08:39 AM
Frank has asked me to let you know that our VAR meeting will be at  9:30a.m this morning 
Thanks,
Robin
Frank has asked me to let you know that our VAR meeting will be at  9:30a.m this morning 
Thanks,
Robin
Patrick,
I have attached the move request below.  If you have any questions, please 
give me a call.
Thank you for your help.
Robin
x57478
Move-Team@
11/02/2000 01:16 PM
Sent by: John Salinardo@
Your request has been added to the 11/10 churn.  Thank you.
Please process the attached move below.
Thank you,
Irena
x36143
Virendra,
Thanks for your help.  Can you tell me why the 941776 postid is pulling two 
books?  What do we need to change to correct that problem?
Robin
Virendra Patel
11/10/2000 11:19 AM
Robin,
941776   pulls 2 books INTRA-NORTHEAST-BAS  and INTRA-GULF4-BAS.
941701  region_cd is CENTRAGULF in ERMS and CENTGULF in RMS. (Region cd 
should be same)
941767 region_cd is CEGULFNGPL in ERMS and CENTGULF2 in RMS. (Region cd 
should be same)
Thanks
Virendra Patel
Robin Rodrigue
11/10/2000 10:52 AM
Virendra,
Here are the book ids and post ids of the three books that we are having to 
manually override each night.  These books are all set up in RiskTrac and are 
officialized in Portcalc 
BOOK ID   11/09/00 POST ID
INTRA-NORTHEAST-BAS 941776
INTRA-CNT-GULF-PHY 941701
INTRA-CNT-GULF2-PHY 941767
If you need any more information let me know.  Thanks for your help.
Robin
x57478
Lynn,
Do you know anything about the Congress Plaza Hotel?  I was searching for 
somewhere to stay and it looks pretty convenient to the office.
Thanks,
Robin
Relative to most of the questions I answer all day, your questions don't even 
count as stupid 
Later,
Robin
Becky Pitre
02/28/2001 03:37 PM
No.  Vegetables and gatorade.  B
PS How many stupid questions do you get every day?  And does this count as 
one or two?
Robin Rodrigue
02/28/2001 01:16 PM
I'm giving up being nice.  And answering stupid questions.  You should give 
up having yogurt and gatorade for lunch.  Did you have something good today?
Becky Pitre
02/28/2001 01:11 PM
What are you giving up for lent What should I give up for lent?
B
That's scary.  It's probably just as well I couldn't open it...I wouldn't 
have believed it was real if I got that from you.  I would have just spent 
time trying to figure out what the joke was.
RR
Hey Chickie,
I couldn't open this 
RR
Virendra,
Here are the book ids and post ids of the three books that we are having to 
manually override each night.  These books are all set up in RiskTrac and are 
officialized in Portcalc 
BOOK ID   11/09/00 POST ID
INTRA-NORTHEAST-BAS 941776
INTRA-CNT-GULF-PHY 941701
INTRA-CNT-GULF2-PHY 941767
If you need any more information let me know.  Thanks for your help.
Robin
x57478
Thought ya'll would like this 
Couldn't resist sending this!!!!!!!!!!! Sandy
Hopefully no food list will be unhappy with this
A CHANGE IN PLANS
Martha Stewart will not be dining with us this Thanksgiving. I'm telling you
in advance, so don't act surprised. Since Ms. Stewart won't be coming, I've
made a few small changes:
Our sidewalk will not be lined with homemade, paper bag luminaries. After a
trial run, it was decided that no matter how cleverly done, rows of flaming
lunch sacks do not have the desired welcoming effect.
The dining table will not be covered with expensive linens, fancy china or
crystal goblets. If possible, we will use dishes that match and everyone
will
get a fork. Since this IS Thanksgiving, we will refrain from using the
plastic Peter Rabbit plate and the Santa napkins from last Christmas.
Our centerpiece will not be the tower of fresh fruit and flowers that I
promised. Instead we will be displaying a hedgehog-like decoration
hand-crafted from the finest construction paper. The artist assures me it is
a turkey.
We will be dining fashionably late. The children will entertain you while
you
wait. I'm sure they will be happy to share every choice comment I have made
regarding Thanksgiving, pilgrims and the turkey hotline. Please remember
that
most of these comments were made at 5:00 AM upon discovering that the turkey
was still hard enough to cut diamonds. As accompaniment to the children's
recital, I will play a recording of tribal drumming. If the children should
mention that I don't own a recording of tribal drumming, or that tribal
drumming sounds suspiciously like a frozen turkey in a clothes dryer, ignore
them. They are lying.
We toyed with the idea of ringing a dainty silver bell to announce the start
of our feast. In the end, we chose to keep our traditional method. We've
also
decided against a formal seating arrangement. When the smoke alarm sounds,
please gather around the table and sit where you like. In the spirit of
harmony, we will ask the children to sit at a separate table. In a separate
room. Next door.
Now I know you have all seen pictures of one person carving a turkey in
front
of a crowd of appreciative onlookers. This will not be happening at our
dinner. For safety reasons, the turkey will be carved in a private ceremony.
I stress "private" meaning: Do not, under any circumstances, enter the
kitchen to laugh at me. Do not send small, unsuspecting children to check on
my progress. I have an electric knife. The turkey is unarmed. It stands to
reason that I will eventually win. When I do, we will eat.
Before I forget, there is one last change. Instead of offering a choice
between 12 different scrumptious desserts, we will be serving the
traditional
pumpkin pie, garnished with whipped cream and small fingerprints. You will
still have a choice: take it or leave it.
Martha Stewart will not be dining with us this Thanksgiving. She probably
won't come next year either.
I am thankful.
Source: "Today's Woman" magazine, Barbara A Tyler.
[Non-text portions of this message have been removed]
To change your list status, please send a blank message to these addresses,
UNSUBSCRIBE: 1_Bakery_Madness-unsubscribe@egroups.com
SWITCH TO DIGEST: 1_Bakery_Madness-digest@egroups.com
SWITCH TO SINGLE MESSAGES: 1_Bakery_Madness-normal@egroups.com
VISIT THE LIST'S ARCHIVES 
PLEASE DO NOT send to the list: Computer Virus information, Internet Hoaxes,
Fundraisers, Charities, Chain Letters (i.e., any story that says "pass this
along...."), NO "Work-at-Home" spam, Political or Religious material. NO
solicitation to sell any products {this includes your e-mail signature
line).  Sending any of this will get you dropped off the list.  Please do
not write and tell me you were unaware of the list rules.  This is a list
for recipes and friendly talk only. Thanks to all the list members who have
helped me put together this set of list rules!
EFF_DT PORTFOLIO_ID DOWN95
11/9/00  MANAGEMENT-CRD 0
11/9/00  MANAGEMENT-GAS 1328090
11/9/00  MANAGEMENT-PWR 206934
11/9/00  AGG-MANAGEMENT 1380765
Hey Becky,
What's going on?  Things are completely crazy as usual around here.  I need 
another vacation!  I never told you about my trip did I?  I've told everyone 
else that stood still for more than 10 seconds.  It was so much fun.  The 
olympics were so awesome.  I got to see the US women's basketball team play 
Australia for the gold medal.  The crowd was soooo wild...that is until we 
won.  And I got to see Cathy Freeman and Marion Jones run.  The whole first 
week of my trip was spent at the olympics everyday.  And the second week I 
spent touring all the beaches that I could find.  Oh, here's a funny story 
for you.  Okay I'm halfway across the world in a country known for bronze, 
muscular sufers, right?  So I take a day cruise around the Brisbane waters 
one day.  These cruises are scheduled everyday and each ship holds about 
80-100 people.  As we board the captain tells us that there will be 85 people 
on the cruise.  Here's the fun part....80 of the 85 people were from a WWII 
veterans reunion!!!  I was on a boat full of grandpa's.  Actually it was 
pretty funny.  This one old man sat next to me and started telling me why 
they were having the reunion and what thier batallion had done during the 
war.  Then he tells me (keep in mind this man's at least 70) that he was a 
lifesaver (lifeguard) on one of the local beaches until the year before when 
an injury forced him to retire!!!   Then he starts telling me about the war He said, "Yeah, I was a POW for about 9 days but they weren't feeding me very 
well so I left."  He had escaped from a Nazi POW camp and fled to Greece 
where he joined the Greek reserve forces.  Because he fought with Greece in 
the war he's now a Greek citizen.  Then after the war he and some friends 
bought a van and traveled all over Europe and Asia.  When they ran out of 
money they'd just stop and get jobs until they could save some money and then 
they'd start again.  I hope one day I have stories even half that 
interesting!!  But leave it to me to go halfway around the world and hang out 
with old people 
How's everything going at your house?  What's up with this election?  That's 
all anyone's talking about around here 
Talk to ya later,
Robin
EFF_DT PORTFOLIO_ID DOWN95
11/8/00  MANAGEMENT-CRD 0
11/8/00  MANAGEMENT-GAS 1,438,614
11/8/00  MANAGEMENT-PWR 278,372
11/8/00  AGG-MANAGEMENT 1,486,991
Jen,
Here is the activity breakout that we discussed.  If you need more detailed 
information please give me a call.
Thanks,
Robin
x57478
Jennifer Reside
11/06/2000 02:37 PM
Jeff Gossett has indicated to me that you are the person responsible for the 
Benchmark and NGP&L cost center (cc107074). I left you a voice mail 
indicating that I would send you a copy of energy operation's activities.  We 
are still in a phase-in process where we are trying to make this process as 
efficient and easy for you as possible. 
For now, if you could:
Identify the activities being performed by your team (cc107074), and the 
hours worked during the month of October
Identify drivers for your activities. This would be things that affect your 
workload, for example, in RM Texas the driver is # of deals; please call me 
if you need further clarification
Identify the commercial teams that you guys support
Our goal is to have this information by Wednesday, Nov. 8, if this is going 
to be a problem, please let us know.  Next month, you will be able to access 
cc107074 through the normal survey, which is through MS Access.
Please call either myself, x3-597, or Shari Mao for further information.
Thanks,
Jen Reside
I paid about $94 Austalian which is around $50.  It was a pretty big, and 
definitely awkward (that word doesn't look right) that's why it flew home on 
it's own.  Besides I already had my luggage allotment.  My box wasn't nearly 
as heavy as yours is.  What kind of tree did you buy???  What is it an iron 
statue of a tree 
Are you leaving tomorrow?  I know I've asked you this before but I can't 
remember.  If you don't have any plans let's go to lunch.
Robin
Gabriel Monroy
11/08/2000 09:34 AM
Thanks,  I'll send this to Ibrahim and he will then send that to the guy in 
EBS.  I have a few  questions for you.  How much did you pay for the box that 
was sent to you from Australia?  Why did you not take it with you? 
Ok, this is the story. My mom asked me if I could buy a Christmas tree,and of 
course, being a super duper nice son as I am, I was stupid enough to buy it. 
Well the box is about 63 lbs. and 57 x 14 inches . I called Continental and 
they said they would accept it.  Well, I am not sure about the whole thing. 
First, it is so big that it doesn't even fit in my car. I had to take it home 
with the trunk open. I'll see how I can figure this out, but I just wanted to 
ask you about the box from Australia. 
Anyways, I hope I can see you before I leave for Mexico. I probably just drop 
by and say bye. Of course I have not packed and still have to buy a few 
things. Have a nice day. I'll let you know about the whole EBS thing. 
Gabriel 
Monica,
I never received your basis positions for Lavorato 
Robin
I'm giving up being nice.  And answering stupid questions.  You should give 
up having yogurt and gatorade for lunch.  Did you have something good today?
Becky Pitre
02/28/2001 01:11 PM
What are you giving up for lent What should I give up for lent?
B
EFF_DT PORTFOLIO_ID DOWN95
11/7/00  MANAGEMENT-CRD 0
11/7/00  MANAGEMENT-GAS 630,912
11/7/00  MANAGEMENT-PWR 272,969
11/7/00  AGG-MANAGEMENT 703,128
I'll send it tomorrow I promise.  I was going to work on it this weekend, but 
I couldn't get logged on and I've been a little busy this morning 
Thanks for reminding me.
RR
I'll be there.
Gabriel Monroy
11/06/2000 10:57 AM
Just want to get a count of the people that were planning on meeting for 
Spanish. Please respond to this email 
Gabriel
Sorry to hear about your airport travels.  Has Alejandra found a place to 
live yet?  When is she starting on the east desk...they need help!!  They 
screwed their position up again today 
My weekend was really good.  Of course it could have been better without the 
rain.  Saturday my friend and I sat around and gossiped most of the afternoon 
and then went out to eat and to a movie.  Then Sunday we went to visit some 
friends of ours in Sugarland that just had a baby.  So we spent most of 
Sunday afternoon playing with the baby.  The dad is hilarious.  He's the type 
that seems really quite but when he says something he just cracks you up.  He 
was talking about the baby monitors they got.  He said he was going to put a 
message on it that said, "Hi, Brianna.  This is your parents.  We aren't 
available right now, but it you leave a message we'll get back to you 
Are we having Spanish class today 
Robin
PS My forearms are a little sore, but that's all. 
Gabriel Monroy
11/06/2000 08:40 AM
Rest of Saturday was good I went out with some friends to this place I 
really like. However, Sunday was  not so good. I went to IAH (airport) twice. 
So, that was almost like going to Austin, plus on the way back rain was very 
very bad (The 10:30 pm. rain).  For the second time, Alejandra's plane was 
delayed, but this time it was more than 5 hours delayed. She got stuck in 
Dallas and of course I knew once I was already at IAH.  How about you? 
Hey, My right shoulder is a little sore (Golf). Is your's sore? or am I just 
a little rusty.
Gabriel 
Thanks.  How was the rest of your weekend?
RR
Yeah, but you know I can't resist an opportunity to make a sarcastic remark.
Gabriel Monroy
11/03/2000 02:14 PM
See now I think you should stay with risk. Yeahh.I think you are better off 
there. he he he. You know this means that if you go to EBS our stock can 
actually go down. No, what it really means is that I might have to help the 
new person if you are really busy. Personally I do not like the idea 
Ok, I'll ask Ibrahim about this friend of his 
As for golf practice, we'll see if the weather turns out to be ok. I'll send 
you an email once I know this guy's name, ok?
I was asking what you thought about  the whole EBS thing, not about my 
nervousness. 
Gabriel
Ganapathy Ramesh@ECT
08/26/2000 03:13 PM
Frank,
Please find enclosed the PL/SQL scripts that are called from the two C 
programs below. The ERMS packages handle all of ERMS positions, with specific 
handling of Canadian and Intra month positions. The power package handles all 
of ENPOWER databases(Australia, Europe and US) and EXPOWER(US only). The 
spreadsheet handling is an entirely different process which specifically 
handles text files extracted from spreadsheets.
The 'C' programs control the calls to the PL/SQL packages. The ERMS package 
also decides on the strip flag for intra month positions.
,
Ramesh
Ganapathy Ramesh@ECT
08/26/2000 03:37 PM
Roll-Off logic as requested by you.
Ramesh
Jeremy,
Here is the roll-off logic for 'NG':
1.  For regular ERMS books (not Intra Month book),  first we get the promptDt,
promptDt := TO_DATE('01'||TO_CHAR(ADD_MONTHS(TO_DATE(p_effDt,'J'),1 'MONYYYY'), 'DDMONYYYY 
Then if p_commodity_cd = 'NG', we go get the cutOff date,
SELECT exp_dt
INTO expDate
FROM egs_expiration_dates
WHERE expiration_rule_cd = 'Natural Gas Futures'
AND ref_period_dt = promptDt;
IF (TO_DATE(p_effDt, 'J') > expDate) THEN
cutOff := ADD_MONTHS(promptDt,1);
ELSE
cutOff := promptDt;
END IF;
The strip flag, when populated into rms_deal_legs table, is computed using 
the following DECODE statement,
DECODE(SIGN(TO_NUMBER(TO_CHAR(ref_period_dt,'J TO_NUMBER(TO_CHAR(cutOff,'J'))),-1,-2,NULL).
Positions with strip flag as -2 will be rolled off by V@R program.
2.  For Intra Month books, first we get the nextMonthDt,
nextMonthDt TO_NUMBER(TO_CHAR(TO_DATE('01'||TO_CHAR(ADD_MONTHS(TO_DATE(p_effDt,'J'),1),'MM
TO_CHAR(ADD_MONTHS(TO_DATE(p_effDt,'J'),1),'YYYY'), 'DDMMYYYY'),'J 
Then if book flag is 'P', the strip flag, when populated into rms_deal_legs 
table, is computed using the 
following DECODE statement,
if pub cd starts with 'GD', then the positions are taken in as 
'FLOATVSFLOAT', and strip flags for
two legs are,
DECODE(SIGN(TO_NUMBER(TO_CHAR(ref_period_dt,'J')) - nextMonthDt), 1, -1, 0, 
-1, -1, -2, NULL) and
DECODE(SIGN(TO_NUMBER(TO_CHAR(ref_period_dt,'J')) - nextMonthDt), 1, 1, 0, 
1, -1, -2, NULL),
respectively.
else if pub cd does not start with 'GD', then only positions with 
swap_cd as 'S' are captured as    'SWAP'.  The strip flag is,
DECODE(SIGN(TO_NUMBER(TO_CHAR(ref_period_dt,'J')) - nextMonthDt), 1, 1, 0, 
1, -1, -2, NULL)
Else if book flag is 'G', the strip flag in rms_deal_legs is hard coded as 1.
Thanks,
Wei
What do I think about what...the fact that you're now the one that's a little 
stressed?  I think that's kind of funny!!  Just kidding.  I have a friend 
coming in town this weekend, but she's not coming until sometime Sat. 
afternoon probably around 3-4ish.  So if you want to go to the driving range 
around noonish on Sat. we could do that.  Although I think it's supposed to 
rain all weekend so we might just end up back at the movies 
As for the rotation, I wouldn't exactly say I know Brian but I met him at the 
Morton's dinner.   I guess I'd be as well off starting with him as to call 
Ibrahim's friend, since I don't know Ibrahim or his friend.  Well actually, I 
might know Ibrahim's friend.  Ask Ibrahim his friend's name and if I don't 
know him I'll call Brian on Monday and see exactly what it is that they do Thanks for the help with this 
Talk to ya later,
Robin  
Gabriel Monroy
11/03/2000 12:59 PM
Well, We can go different routes. Do you know Brian Hoskins?  If not, I know 
him well. Well, he works in that group. He can tell us what it is about. The 
last time I talked to him, he did mention something about customers (big 
customers); but honestly I am not sure exactly what it is. Then what we can 
do is ask Ibrahim the name of his friend. We'll ask Brian if he knows him Brian, by the way, loves to help people. but only good people  and we can go from there. 
If not, we can just go trhough Ibrahim. Once that is done, We'll figure what 
to tell Gossett (ouchhhh) . Uppsss, I do not want any oart during this stage. 
He will probably kill me if he knows I told you about this group.
Ibrahim is leaving next week. He had told me that he was going to stay about 
3 more weeks, but his new group wants him. Uppsss  I feel I have SOOOOO Much 
to learn. I really feel behind. There will be a lot of reading this weekend 
but of course I might take a break and go to the drive range if you want to 
go. You never responded me. Ok, ok, maybe you do not want to go. I'll go on 
my own and hit the ball with my tennis raquet.
Anyways. who said there was no stress level here. I am getting kind of 
nervous because it is a little complicated.  Tell me what you think. 
Gabriel
Robin Rodrigue
11/03/2000 11:23 AM
So what you're telling me is that you're intentionally trying to bait me Apparently you haven't figured out yet that it can be hazardous to your 
health to make me mad!!  And I know you well enough to know that my last 
statement will only serve as a challenge to you.  You're going to spend the 
rest of the day trying to irritate me.  Don't deny it.  I know you too well So where are we going to watch the game?  If I understood soccer a little 
better I'd be more involved in the trash-talking.  But I'll just leave it at 
this...the US could kick Mexico's butt at anything!!  Mexican men can't even 
knock down an American girl even when they are given 13 whole seconds to 
try!!  How could you possibly expect a group of these weaklings to beat a 
group of top quality American athletes.
Bye.
PS Have fun in all those meetings.  Pretty soon you'll be going to more than 
Gossett.
Gabriel Monroy
02/28/2001 11:55 AM
Oohhh that one, it was cancelled.  I am becoming more bureaucratic now, so I 
had a meeting at 10:00 with Treasury, then I was supposed to have this one at 
1:00 and there is another one with Corporate Finance at 2:30.  To tell you 
the truth, the one at 10:00 I was clueless and then I found out I was the one 
that was supposed to kind of give all the information. (information I of 
course did not know). It was a good learning experience because we called 
somebody else that I told them had the information 
Thanks for asking.  I am getting ready and pumped up because I think today at 
6:30 we are going to kick some gringo butt.  What do you think?  You need to 
get upset, because otherwise this is not going to be fun. 
Gabriel 
PS.  Tell him I'm definitely interested 
Yeah that very interesting.  What exactly is the origination team doing now 
that they've already signed the deal with blockbuster?  Are they trying to 
sign up customers or providers or what?
RR
I don't think most people would understand the humor, but I thought it was 
really funny.  Especially after the week I've had!!
RR
It works...that's pretty neat by the way!  See ya Friday (It'll be your turn 
to vent).
Robin
Let me know if you need anything else.
Robin
Susan D Trevino
11/01/2000 10:17 AM
Per our conversation, please send me a completed book request for the 
NG-PRICE-BAS book.  Call me if you have any questions.
Thank you,
Susan
x3-1462
I didn't want this just popping up on your screen 
So far it's just getting worse!!!  I've already been up there three times 
today and of course each extra trip lowers the P&L.  He must think I'm the 
biggest idiot in the world.  I'm going to have to change my name to get 
another job after he fires me.  When he saw me standing outside his office 
this last time he just spread his hands like what could possible be wrong 
now 
If you want to make a lot of money and are willing to take this job back 
now's your chance.  I think John would pay you $100,000 to take back over 
Talk to ya later,
Robin
The Nymex book granted $9,600 of Middle Market Northeast Originations and  
$7,460 of Middle Market East Origination that the East desk did not recognize 
on their P&L. 
Thanks,
Robin
DJIRequests
12/14/99 05:08 PM
Please respond to Market Intelligence
Sent by: Janette Oquendo
We are pleased to announce that Dow Jones Interactive (DJI), the world's most=20
comprehensive business intelligence service and pre-eminent publisher of The=20
Wall Street Journal and Barron's, is now available at your desktop. =20
You can put this valuable desktop tool to work for you immediately.  Here's=20
how:
o Access DJI by launching your web browser on the URL below.
Your user name and password are:
URL:   =20
User Name: enerrodri2
Password: 71503034
Note: Please keep this information for future reference.  User Name and=20
Password are case sensitive.
o In Business Newsstand, scan the latest news on the energy industry.=20
o In the Publications Library, search over 6,000 publications including those=20
covering the energy industry.
o In CustomClips, set up alerts to competitor activity from around the world.=20
o In Company & Industry Center, analyze a potential merger with a full review=20
of a company=01,s performance.
If you need help getting started, please contact Dow Jones Customer Service,=20
8:00 a.m. to 11:00 p.m. EST at 800-369-7466, support@wsj.dowjones.com
You may also click on the following URL address for other valuable tips and=20
information or a self-directed tutorial 
Here you go.  Let me know if you have any questions.
Robin
You guys email addresses are too long.  I just sent and email to two AA 
people.   How's the new job going??  Have they let you out of orientation 
yet 
Talk to ya later,
Robin
How did your meeting go?
Jeff and Laura,
I've attached the Gas Bench Porfolio that we discussed.  If you need any more 
information just let me know. 
Thanks for being patient.
Robin
x57478
Annemieke,
I have assumed the responsibility for publishing the Gas Reports.  Please 
update the Executive Viewer Report Publisher accordingly 
My extension is 5-7478 
If you have any question, please give me a call.
Thank you,
Robin
Vern,
I am now responsible for publishing the EES Gas Position Report.   It seems 
that the websave version that I received in the attached email is not updated 
to publish the EES report.  Could you please send me an updated version or 
let me know what I need to do so that I can publish this report?
Thank you,
Robin
x57478
Gabriel Monroy
10/20/2000 07:56 AM
Attached is the latest version of the Add-In for publishing Executive 
Reports.  It contains the "Pulp & Paper P&L", "Pulp & Paper Position", "Pulp 
& Paper Price", "Emissions Summary", and "Natural Gas Net Fixed Price 
Positions By Book (Ignores Correlation)" subroutines.
John Lavorato is expecting to see these publish reports in the updated viewer 
tomorrow morning!
To use this latest version of the Add-In:
Close all instances of Excel.
Detach the attached websave2.xla file into the Microsoft Office's Library 
directory.  Usually this is C:\Program Files\Microsoft Office\Office\Library
Launch Excel.
Under the Tools menu selection, select Add-Ins In the "Add-Ins available" list, look for "Websave."  If present, uncheck 
it.  This is the old version of the add-in.
There should be a "Websave2" in the list.  This is the current version of the 
add-in.  Check it and click the OK button.
I've also attached a workbook containing a buttons for the new reports that 
you can copy and paste into your production workbooks 
Here are the named range values and the sheet names for the reports:
Named Range	Sheet Name
nr_NGFixPB  	Natural Gas Net Fixed
nr_EmSum  	Emissions Summary
nr_PPPL  	Pulp & Paper P&L
nr_PPPos  	Pulp & Paper Position
nr_PPPrice  	Pulp & Paper Price
Robin Rodrigue
10/13/2000 09:03 AM
For those tired of the usual "friend" poems, a touch of truth!
When you are sad,.............I will get you drunk and help you plot revenge
against the scum sucking bastard who made you sad.
When you are scared,.........I will laugh at you and tease you about it
every chance I get.
When you are worried,.........I will tell you how much worse it could be and
to quit complaining.
When you are confused,........I will use little words to explain it to your
dumb butt.
When you are sick.........I will hold your hair while you pay homage to the
porcelain god.
When you fall......I will point and laugh at your clumsy butt.
This is my oath...............I pledge this till the end.
Why you may ask?...............Because you're my friend.
Hope it made you laugh - but you know I got your back 
Chris,
Here is our explanation of the 5 Day loss violation.  Let me know if you need 
any more information.
Due to a forecast for mild November weather, futures prices have fallen 
sharply over the last five days.   Nymex futures prices have fallen a total 
of $0.68 over the last five days.  The Gas desk's loss is primarily driven by 
a long price position held by the Financial desk, which averaged 7, 295 
contracts over the same period.
Robin
Done.
Janie Aguayo
10/19/2000 11:06 AM
Pleasen rebook to Nicor Enerchange, LLC, per Credit Rpt.
Thank you - Janie
Are we still on for lunch?
Something is definitely wrong with that man!!!   Why do you always get him 
started?
You probably know the times that will be good for me better than I do.  As 
for day of the week, I'd rather the first half of the week, nothing after 
Wed 
RR
Done 
Janie Aguayo
10/18/2000 10:30 AM
Hi Robin!
Per Credit, please rebook the above deal # to Duke Energy Trading and 
Marketing. 
- Janie
Financial Confirmations
Friday's no good.  I'm going to Chicago to look for an apartment.  I'm 
leaving as soon as I pass out all the reports Friday morning.  How about 
early next week?
Thursday sounds good to me.  Bring your pictures and I'll bring mine.
RR
Thursday it is 
Dawn C Kenne
10/16/2000 09:24 AM
You kill me...good to see you still have your sense of humor!  It will go 
away in a few months.  Mark my word!
Let's plan on Thursday!?
Dawn
Robin Rodrigue
10/16/2000 09:11 AM
Thursday or Friday sounds good to me.  Hey, Dawn I noticed there were a few 
people from the group missing from your email.  Did you want me to forward it 
to them??
RR
Thursday or Friday sounds good to me.  Hey, Dawn I noticed there were a few 
people from the group missing from your email.  Did you want me to forward it 
to them??
RR
I'd like to have Dec.20-22 off if possible.  I also need to take Thurs. Oct. 
26 off.  Thanks.
Robin
It's unfortunate that the markets will be open right after Thanksgiving and 
Christmas but they will be (bidweek).  I need to know who will be around 
during those times to help keep the ship sailing.  Now, I will try to 
accomodate all requests for vacation time but I may not be able to let you 
off.  Please let me know soon.
Dave
Lunch sounds good to me.   Name a day and chances are I can make it 
Robin
For those tired of the usual "friend" poems, a touch of truth!
When you are sad,.............I will get you drunk and help you plot revenge
against the scum sucking bastard who made you sad.
When you are scared,.........I will laugh at you and tease you about it
every chance I get.
When you are worried,.........I will tell you how much worse it could be and
to quit complaining.
When you are confused,........I will use little words to explain it to your
dumb butt.
When you are sick.........I will hold your hair while you pay homage to the
porcelain god.
When you fall......I will point and laugh at your clumsy butt.
This is my oath...............I pledge this till the end.
Why you may ask?...............Because you're my friend.
Hope it made you laugh - but you know I got your back 
Phillip,
FYI  I will be on vacation from 9/22 until 10/11 
See you in two weeks.
Robin
Dawn,
Doesn't it suck to be at work and know that someone else is out of the 
country?  I just want to let you know how much I suffered while you were 
gone.  I realize now just how bad you must want out of this group.  Without 
you or Jennifer there was no real conversation the whole week!!  Chris just 
works quietly.  Jason interrupts the quiet with inane comments that I have no 
idea how to respond to.  And Anne...well I can't even explain that 
Let me digress for just a moment to talk about work.  Nothing really 
happened.  All was quiet.   If anyone was upset about anything they didn't 
tell me about it.   I did get an email from Frank Cernseck(or how ever you 
spell his name).  It seems we took too much as broker fees in July.  I 
haven't researched it, but from what Victor tells me that's an adjustment 
that needs to be made on last day P&L.  I'm sure I'm not telling you anything 
you don't know 
Just wanted to let you know I'm glad you're here and I'm not 
Hope you enjoyed your trip.
Robin
Hey Greg,
I just got you email, but I do want to be in on the gift for Becky.  Count me 
in for $20.  I'll bring the money down in the morning.  Where are you located 
now?
Thanks,
Robin
See you tomorrow.
Robin
I'm not here...at least my mind anyway.    I take it you aren't too busy 
today.  We need to plan on going to lunch sometime soon.  My last day is next 
Thursday.  Yippee!!  This is my last bidweek...Thank goodness 
Becky Pitre
02/28/2001 09:32 AM
Are you here or am I just sending messages to your computer?  B
Sorry I missed you guys for lunch yesterday.  I didn't get your email until 
yesterday afternoon.  I've been in class for two days...Derivatives I.  It's 
really hard to sit still and think about swaps and options when I'd rather 
think about Sydney!  But I guess it's better than being at my desk all day The days are pretty slow.  It doesn't really get busy here until 3:30 or so 
Bye,
Robin
PS If I forget my bras, I'm just not going to bother 
No one would notice if I forgot my bras!!!!  Thanks for the well wishes I'll take lots of pictures so you can see them 
I can't wait for this week to be over...only one and a half days!!
Robin
I no longer need to receive Hyperion updates.
Thank you,
Robin
Just a reminder I'll be in Derivatives Tues. and Wed.   I'll have my phone 
with me in case anyone needs anything 
Thanks,
Robin
281-300-9145
Phillip,
I will be in class Tuesday and Wednesday.  Jeff and Chris will have my number 
if you need to reach me 
Robin
Have a good weekend!
Robin
Extension #57478
Home #713-781-0545
Cell #281-300-9145
Pager # N/A
Hi Everyone,
Please send me at your earliest convenience your:
Extension #
Home #
Cell #
Pager 
Thanks,
Vanessa
I thought of you two when I read this!!!  You are some of the only people who 
would understand!!
Robin
lawrenck@urbanretail.com on 09/13/2000 02:26:57 PM
I love it!
(See attached file: ~ME00001 (1).doc)
(See attached file: ~ME00001 (1).doc)
- ~ME00001 (1).doc
Have a good evening.
Robin
Okay, here's a trivia question for you.   There are two siblings.  One's an 
engineer and one's an accountant.  One works for a natural gas company and 
the other works for an accounting firm.  Which one works for the accounting 
firm 
Do you see the absurdity of our lives???  Level III, huh?  I don't know 
anyone over level II.  Well, except Mr. Kirkpatrick's friend that's a partner 
in New Orleans 
I dreamed the other night that I was outside the Swimming venue in Australia 
and the American coach heard me talking and realized I was an American.  He 
told me I had to swim an event b/c all the swimmers were either sick or 
injured.  I never did get to swim, though.  The alarm went off before I even 
found out what event I was swimming.  I hope it's not butterfly...I wouldn't 
be very competitive if I had to swim butterfly.  Not that I'd even be 
competitive if I was swimming freestyle at the olympics, unless it was the 
special olympics...then I might stand a chance!
Congrats on the job Robin
We actually got some significant rain...up to 8 inches in some areas. Of 
course there was none at the airport, so officially it didn't rain yesterday. 
I was in FortWorth while it was raining here, so all I got was the spray from 
the wet roads making my car dirty.
When do you leave for Australia. Bring me back something nice.
I'll be an Experienced Consultant Level III in the Supply Chain service line 
with Arthur Andersen. It sounds like a really fun job, and they made an offer 
I can't turn down.
Glad to hear you haven't dried up and blown away.   They said we got rain
here, but being from LA I say we got a little drizzle.  Just enough to make
my car look like I went driving through mud puddles.
What kind of job did Aruthur offer?  Once again let me point out that I
enjoy the fact that this is on your company email.
I'm spending my time these days checking the official Olympics website and
dreaming.  I'm trying to get fired so I can just stay in Australia.  I
don't think it's working though b/c I just keep getting more jobs.  I have
two right now.
Be nice and I might at least think about you while I'm in Australia.
Talk to ya later,
Robin
Robin Rodrigue
02/28/2001 06:38 AM
EFF_DT PORTFOLIO_ID DOWN95
2/27/01  MANAGEMENT-COAL 0
2/27/01  MANAGEMENT-CRD 0
2/27/01  MANAGEMENT-GAS 881,664.
2/27/01  MANAGEMENT-PWR 177,139.
2/27/01  AGG-MANAGEMENT 984,782
I leave for Sydney a week from Saturday.  I already have orders to email my 
parents while I'm there to let them know what's going on.  And you're right 
there's no hope for keeping me in line!  I think I'll just retire early and 
stay over there.  I would make a very good beach bum.  Of course with my 
complexion I'd look like a tomato in a matter of hours (plus I already have 
the soft and squishy part down).   I went shopping and spent way too much 
money this weekend buying things for my trip.  I'm having to buy clothes.   I 
don't seem to own casual clothes anymore...especially not spring clothes I'm used to only two seasons, summer and suedo-winter.  It'll be spring over 
there and I've been checking the temperature.  It's been between the mid 40's 
and the low 70's.  I'm going to have to pack everything I own 
I'm really sorry to hear about Megan's prognosis.  I know you hear this all 
the time but seriously, if there's anything at all I can do let me know And I want you to know you guys are always in my prayers.
We should go to lunch sometime now that I'm working daylight hours 
Talk to ya later,
RR
Glad to hear you haven't dried up and blown away.   They said we got rain 
here, but being from LA I say we got a little drizzle.  Just enough to make 
my car look like I went driving through mud puddles 
What kind of job did Aruthur offer?  Once again let me point out that I enjoy 
the fact that this is on your company email 
I'm spending my time these days checking the official Olympics website and 
dreaming.  I'm trying to get fired so I can just stay in Australia.  I don't 
think it's working though b/c I just keep getting more jobs.  I have two 
right now 
Be nice and I might at least think about you while I'm in Australia 
Talk to ya later,
Robin
Are you trying to make me blind like you 
RR
Becky Pitre
09/12/2000 09:58 AM
Interested?  B
Cindy Richardson@
09/08/2000 08:37 PM
Space City Sunday
Space City Sunday is a mid-distance group run hosted by the Enron Running 
Club once a month.? The Sunday morning runs are designed to tour various 
locales throughout the Houston area.? It's a great opportunity for runners 
interested in testing distances longer than 6 miles and it gives runners an 
opportunity to have a quiet, relaxing run with friends and associates.
For more information, contact Jim Saunders at 713-853-3532 or visit:  Space 
City Sunday
?
I'm hoping they have good movies on the flight!  But I'm also bringing a good 
book, and I'll probably bring a pair of headphones...even if I don't plug 
them into anything.  I think I'll have them as a decoy in case I end up with 
an annoying neighbor for the flight.  Everyone around me knows my travel 
plans as well as I do.  I think I must have become a little annoying myself 
Well back to work 
Talk to ya later,
Robin
What are you doing??  I'm bored.  Did you have a good weekend?
RR
You have no idea just how appropriate that is today!!!  Thanks for the laugh!
RR
Becky Pitre
08/31/2000 01:29 PM
You have just received the "Aggie Virus As we don't have much programming experience, this 
Virus works on the honor system.
Please manually delete all the files on your hard drive
and manually forward this Virus to everyone on your
mailing list.
Thanks for your cooperation.  Working together, we
can make this virus a worldwide success.
I'll take your Visa.  Just let me know when you've mailed it.    You have a 
Platinum card, right?
R
It's nice to know I have good tastes. I think I did a good job picking out 
both b-day presents. Do you want me to mail a check or do you take Visa?
I decided to let you use them. It's too hot up here to use them. Maybe if it 
ever rains. If you like them, I got them at a store up here for a really good 
price, but you probably have such places down there too. You won't become a 
golf junkie after you find out how much they want to actually let you play 
golf on one of those nice green courses. It's a little more than the driving 
range.
Glad to hear that you're really not a vampire.
My company was named one of the 100 Best managed manufacturing companies by 
Industry Week. It's been a real joke around here. We're not sure what they 
were smoking when they made that decision. (Note the irony in using company 
email to say this...BTW...I have an interview with Arthur Anderson on the 8th)
Paul
You got her a $100 gift certificate to Talbot's (a women's clothing store).
You did a very good job picking it out.
Thanks for the golf clubs by the way.  I thought you weren't going to send
them, so I was surprised when Karon told me she had them.  I'll hold them
for ransom until I get paid back for the birthdays!!  I actually went to
the driving range this weekend.  I definitely think I could get hooked on
this sport.  Hopefully I won't become one of the "golf junkies" but I'm not
sure you can avoid it.  I was watching a golf infomercial the other day
thinking "I need that!"
Well back to work.  Did I tell you I'm working daylight hours again?
Talk to ya later,
Robin
I actually just did it for my mom...otherwise she wouldn't have gotten a gift 
at all!!
I thought you'd appreciate this email from my brother.  It's the best family 
email I've gotten lately.  I'm such a great sister...I bought the present, 
wrapped the present (or at least watched while the clerk wrapped it), and 
delivered it to my mom for her birthday, and I was nice enough to put my 
brother's name on the gift 
RR
Mom call the other day and thanked me for her present. What did I get her?
Paul
EFF_DT PORTFOLIO_ID DOWN95
2/27/01  MANAGEMENT-COAL 0
2/27/01  MANAGEMENT-CRD 0
2/27/01  MANAGEMENT-GAS 881,664.
2/27/01  MANAGEMENT-PWR 177,139.
2/27/01  AGG-MANAGEMENT 984,782
How much did you pay for your clubs?  By the way, I thought using company 
email was a nice touch.  We were named one of the top 100 companies to work 
for...number 24 to be exact.  They are pushing for #1 next year.   I think 
it's the Analyst program that's holding them back right now 
Well back to pretending to work.  Right now I'm training and there's nothing 
to do in the middle of the day with this job, so there are two of us trying 
to stay busy doing nothing right now 
Later,
RR
You got her a $100 gift certificate to Talbot's (a women's clothing store You did a very good job picking it out 
Thanks for the golf clubs by the way.  I thought you weren't going to send 
them, so I was surprised when Karon told me she had them.  I'll hold them for 
ransom until I get paid back for the birthdays!!  I actually went to the 
driving range this weekend.  I definitely think I could get hooked on this 
sport.  Hopefully I won't become one of the "golf junkies" but I'm not sure 
you can avoid it.  I was watching a golf infomercial the other day thinking 
"I need that 
Well back to work.  Did I tell you I'm working daylight hours again?
Talk to ya later,
Robin
Robert,
Here are the machines I've logged on 
1.  The computer to the left of my desk, 3275d.
2.  Both of my machines.
3.  Both of Rock's machines, 3275f.
4.  Gabriel's computer, 3275g.
Thanks,
Robin
So are you going to enter 
Gabriel,
I'm not sure if Binh sent an email to you and to Controls to explain the 
Canadian origination variance.  You may already be aware, but on the Orig 
Sched the originations are converted to $US using the spot rate for the day However when the originations are calculated for the Report tab the rate 
applied is the average rate for the month.  Therefore these values will never 
be the same.  Nicole is going to talk to Kathy when she gets back to Canada 
on Monday.  Nicole says she has found a way to modify their spreadsheet so 
that both values are calculated using the daily spot rate.   If you haven't 
recieved an email from Binh explaining this issue you might want to forward 
the attached message from Nicole to Michael and Chris 
Thanks,
Robin
PS The Bench by trader tied out for the 23rd.  I'll be in a little early 
tomorrow to tie it out for the 24th.  Bye.
Nicole LaPorte
08/24/2000 01:20 PM
Robin,
I spoke with Kathy regarding the problem we are having with origination. Her 
explanation is as follows:
This is an fx issue. Because origination is denominated in a currency (USD) 
which is different than our functional currency (CAD), origination expense 
will be comprised of not only origination but also currency gains and losses 
on origination. Everyday orig. is retranslated in C$ using the current rate 
and any fx gains or losses relating to that is added to origination Therefore, the total origination as per the "origination" tab will NOT equal 
the origination as per the "report" tab. Robin should add in the translation 
gains/losses to get it to reconcile. 
I hope this explanation makes sense and is acceptable. I know you're used to 
the two numbers reconciling but since we were asked to denominate our 
origination in US dollars (about 2 months ago) these two numbers will never 
again be the same.
Please call if you have any questions,
Nicole 
How scandulous of your mother!!  My mother would never use sucks...but my dad 
told me something pissed him off one time.  I was completely shocked...I 
didn't even know what to say.  I know it's hard to imagine me speechless, but 
I was 
You should know by now that I'm heartless and that my grandmother will have 
to go the hospital all alone.  I had to listen to her last time whine about 
how no one respects her.  It took everything I had not to say, "Of course we 
don't respect you.  We all know you're crazy 
What are you doing for lunch Friday (as in probably the day you're reading 
this)?  I'm going to come in early b/c I've been bombarded as soon as I walk 
in the door the last two days 
Let me know if you want to go to lunch.  I'll call you when I get in 
I'll be praying for Megan.
Robin
Gary/Susan,
It came to our attention yesterday that the PWR-GAS-LT-MGMT-PRC book is 
included in the POS-GAS-TRD portfolio.  This book is officalized by Jenny 
Latham and the position is not reported on the benchmark.  Therefore, I don't 
believe it should be included in the POS-GAS-TRD portfolio.  Also please 
ensure that this book is not included in the AGG-GAS portfolio 
Thanks,
Robin
Kathy,
Here is the detail and position for IM Canada yesterday.  It seems that the 
price txt file didn't get run last night (our fault).   I'll make sure that 
gets done tonight.
Let me know if you need anything else 
Yeah,my family's pretty entertaining!!  I went home last weekend for my mom's 
birthday.  We had all gone somewhere and when we were about to turn the 
corner on our street we were all praying and holding our breath hoping my 
grandmother wasn't at our house!!  She's been driving my mother crazy (it's 
my dad's mom by the way).  She's now determined that there's something 
terribly wrong with her.  She has a doctor's appt this week and says she's 
going to convince the dr to send her to the diagnostic center of houston.  My 
dad informed me that she told him she'd just fly here...so I'm guessing she 
actually thinks I'm going to take off work for a week to shuttle her back and 
forth to the dr.   She's wrong of course 
Well enough rambling for now.  If I get any good family emails I'll let you 
know!
RR
I will not be able to attend this meeting.
Geynille Dillingham
08/18/2000 02:57 PM
Hello LSU Recruiting Team,
You have been chosen to represent and assist in the Fall 2000 recruiting 
efforts at Louisiana State University for Enron's Associate/Analyst Program.
We are excited  about the upcoming association,and welcome you to the team. We
have arranged a lunch meeting to discuss the details.
Please read the following attachment for information concerning the meeting
time and place.  If you will not be able to attend, please r.s.v.p your 
regrets.
See you soon!
Recruiter, Geynille Dillingham
Coordinator, Debbie Flores
Chris Abel
08/11/2000 11:38 AM
The attached list includes all Liquids book administrators, their respective 
files and their phone numbers.  Please use this list to contact the 
appropriate person when any originations issue arises 
John Swinney
08/11/2000 11:17 AM
Admin   DPR   Phone #
John Swinney  BAS0800  3-9111
SpecII0800 
Spec0800
Metals0800
Pat Stafford  0800dbrc  5-8638
0800dist
0800dist2
0800rprc
USUK0800
Michelle Nelson 0800blrc  5-8091
0800cfrc
RES0800
FRT0800
Sony Wilson  Ngl_0800  3-7729
EGLI0800
Anjali Abraham  0800btx   3-7434
0800plas
Shifali Sharma  wti0800   3-5170
wti_prepay_0800
0800CAN
I think this is it.  If you need anything else, let me know
John
Refined Products recognized $30,600 in Originations on their P&L that was not 
included on their Orig Schedule.
Thanks,
Robin
I thought you'd appreciate the humor in these.  Actually the first one's kind 
of scary!!  Just in case you think I made this stuff up the web site's at the 
bottom 
The U.S. Department of Agriculture is actively proposing that animal 
carcasses with cancers,
tumors or open sores be regarded merely as unaesthetic but safe for 
human consumption as
long as the offending part is cut away. The proposal is part of a 
general loosening of
slaughterhouse inspection standards, whose public comment period ends 
Aug. 29. One critic
already weighed in, saying she did not want to "eat pus from a chicken 
that has pneumonia," but
also included as benign by the proposal are glandular swellings, 
infectious arthritis and diseases
caused by intestinal worms.
In Their Own Words
Hubert Penrod Jr., on why the May promotion he had scheduled for his 
Huge Hooter Haven
strip club in Nashville had failed to attract men who had come to town 
for the Billy Graham
Crusade that weekend: "I know all the porn stars, but I don't exactly 
keep up with preachers.
Hell, I thought Billy Graham was some singer or something. It never 
entered my mind that (it
was) some preacher (who) was filling up the football stadium."
Refined Products recognized $6,300 of Originations on their P&L that was not 
included in the Originations file.
Thanks,
Robin
I will be attending the dinner 
Thank you,
Robin
Sent by: Kay Chapman
Text:  Please plan to attend and reception and dinner for Analysts and 
Associates who have made significant contributions to ENA.  The function will 
be hosted by the Office of the Chairman at Morton's Steak House located at 
5000 Westheimer on August 17, 2000.  The reception will start at 7:00pm with 
dinner to follow at 7:45pm.  Please RSVP to Ted Bland at ext. 3-5275 no later 
than close of business Monday, August 14.  This will be an informal gathering 
to discuss the progress of ENA and an open forum to interact with members of 
the senior management team on a one on one basis 
See you on the 17th 
Mark, Dave and John
I have not taken any time off this time period.
Thanks,
Robin
It's a shame you don't know someone who wants to get involved!!
Yes, I got it a few minutes after I sent you the email.  Thanks.
Robin
Are you still working on the CanadaPower file??
Thanks.  Have a good weekend, and I'm looking forward to the Term book 
adventure next week.
Robin
Tempting, but no thanks...I'm probably more likely to go running at 6am on 
Sat. than willingly subjecting myself to itchy.
Brad,
Here is the book that was set up for John Arnold's crude position.  The 
attached spreadsheet should contain all the information you need, but should 
you require additional information please do not hesitate to call.
Thanks,
Robin
Attached please find completed bookrequest 691 
For Information purposes the following is a detail of the various portfolios 
which contain the newly created book.
Root Portfolio     Portfolio Name 
AGG-ECT     NG-PRC-CRUDE-P1 
AGG-ENE      NG-PRC-CRUDE-P1 
GASUSER      NG-PRC-CRUDE-P1 
COMMODITY-VAR     NG-PRC-CRUDE-P1 
NG-HOUSTON     NG-PRC-CRUDE-P1 
US-VAR      NG-PRC-CRUDE-P1 
COMMODITY_VAR1     NG-PRC-CRUDE-P1 
AGG-CREDIT      NG-PRC-CRUDE-P1 
DISCOUNTING-USD     NG-PRC-CRUDE-P1 
INFINITY-USD      NG-PRC-CRUDE-P1 
POS-GAS-TRD     NG-PRC-CRUDE-P1 
CREDIT-AGG      NG-PRC-CRUDE-P1 
AGG-GASII      NG-PRC-CRUDE-P1 
COMP-INC-VAR     NG-PRC-CRUDE-P1 
AGG-GASIV      NG-PRC-CRUDE-P1 
,
Nancy
Thanks for making my day by sucking me back into a world with mental images 
of someone standing there scratching!!
A Charlotte, NC man, having purchased a box of very rare and expensive
cigars, insured them against fire, among other hazards. Within a month,
having smoked his entire stockpile of cigars and without having made
even
his first premium payment on the policy, the man filed a claim against
the
insurance company. In his claim, the man stated that the cigars were
lost
"in a series of small fires".
The insurance company refused to pay, citing the obvious reason: that
the
man had consumed the cigars in the normal fashion. The man sued ... and
won! The ruling judge agreed that the claim was frivolous. He stated,
nevertheless, that the man held a valid policy from the company in which
it had warranted that the cigars were insurable and also guaranteed that
it would insure against fire, without further defining what would be
considered to be an "unacceptable fire," and was obligated to pay the
claim. Rather than endure a lengthy and costly appeal process, the
insurance company accepted the ruling and paid the man $15,000 for the
rare cigars he had lost in the "fires".
And now the good part...After the man cashed the check, the insurance
company had him arrested on 24 counts of arson. With his own insurance
claim and testimony from the previous case being used against him, the
man was convicted of intentionally burning his insured property and
sentenced to 24 months in jail and a $24,000.00 fine.
No prob, bob.
Crystal Hyde
08/09/2000 08:12 AM
Robin,
The price book did not tell me that they were granting me any orig last 
night, so I guess I will claim it in my P&L tonight. 
thanks,
Crystal
The NG Price book granted $1,400 of Middle Market East Originations that was 
not recognized by the Intra-East book on the NGP&L 
Thanks,
Robin
Now that was funny!!
RR
Crystal Hyde
08/08/2000 02:30 PM
physical     857202
out month      857204
gas daily     857207
Nicole LaPorte
08/08/2000 04:36 PM
EGSC - 857160
ERMS - 857162
OPT - 857181
C - 857198
Thanks!
Nicole 
MKT EAST IS OFFICIAL
NOT A CHANCE...I don't even get near the water here!!
She's been drinking the water here, hasn't she 
You guys should submit an eRequest to get access to all the Gas Reports on 
the Executive Viewer.  Here's a list of the reports you'll want.
Origination Schedule
Natural Gas Prices
Natural Gas Basis Positions
Natural Gas Profit & Loss by Book
Natural Gas Net Fixed Price Positions by Book
Natural Gas Basis by Trader
Also, Brad you need to request access to the O:/Bench directory so that 
you'll be able to save a copy of the NGPL in this directory each night 
Bilal, you'll need access to the O:/Gas_Trad and O:/Bench directories 
Robin
There was at least a third of it left, but it's in the trash now.  You're 
welcome to come get it.  I'm craving the brownies that I know are on my 
counter at home 
I find this joke even funnier coming from an Aggie grad 
Robin
The NG Price book granted $500 of Middle Market Central Originations that was 
not recognized by the Intra-Central book on the NGP&L 
Thanks,
Robin
Kathy Reeves
08/07/2000 05:53 PM
Term postid's are:
egsc 856241
erms 856242
op 856250
c 856256
All but egsc are official.
Kathy
That's your FAVORITE joke!  That was a really lame joke...in fact it was 
pathetic.  Remind me never to take you to an open mike at a comedy 
club...actually I don't think you'll ever have to remind me!
Now I'm scared.
Well I feel privileged to be included in your daily entertainment.
RR
Kyle R Lilly
08/07/2000 04:52 PM
You must have more fun at your office than we have here...that or you've just 
lost your mind!!
Robin
Crystal Hyde
08/07/2000 01:54 PM
physical      855957
out month      855962
gas daily       855962
Here you go.
Robin
What kind of twisted diet are you on???   I had a sandwhich.  Nothing too 
exciting.  Did the potatoes hire anyone 
Later,
Robin
That's all well and good, but where are my text files 
Just kidding.
Robin
I would like to change my parking contract from the Clay garage to the Allen 
Center garage.
Thank you,
Robin
Parking & Transportation@
08/04/2000 09:22 AM
Sent by: DeShonda Hamilton@
We have spaces available at the Allen Center Garage for $89.00 per month, 
payroll deductible. If you are interested, please reply via e-mail ASAP by 
5:00 p.m., Monday, August 7.
Your parking access card will be ready for pick-up on Tuesday, August 8.
If you are currently parking in a garage that is subsidized by Enron, you 
will need to turn in that access card in exchange for an Allen Center access 
card.
I would like to change my parking contract from the Clay garage to the Allen 
Center Garage.
Thank you,
Robin
No I promise I didn't....your post-id crashed my system.  I had your book and 
the power book and the Nymex book all coming in at the same time and the 
system just stopped.  We're going again though, so I should have your 
position in a few minutes.
RR
I would like to attend the Cornell Brown Bag.
Thanks,
Robin
Kathy,
Please use the book id FT-CAND-PWR-PRC  and name the file 
CanadaPower_08022000.
These are the only changes I am having to make each night 
Thanks for your help.
Robin
Here you go!
Robin
Hey Brian,
I'm having to plug your positions again.  I checked the conversion factors 
and I have the same ones that you have on the IM Positions tab of your excel 
file.  Let me know if you have any ideas as to what the problem might be I'm attaching a copy of the positions that I pulled in and the detail.  I'll 
talk to you tomorrow.
Thanks,
Robin
What makes you think I talk to her at all...I just have to listen.
Becky Pitre
08/01/2000 04:53 PM
You mean she talks like that ALL the time or just when she talks to babies Let me guess, all the time.  Have you tried talking that way to her?  Let me 
know what happens.  B
Me bored??  I think you must be more bored than me to talk about ear 
cleaning.  There's this new person that sits down the row from me and she 
baby talks...what's up with that!  It's so irritating.  Well now that I've 
gossipped about someone 10ft from me I better send this email before someone 
walks by and reads it.  I think I'll skip the run this week 
RR
You are so picky!!
RR
You forgot to attach the request.
NH
Robin Rodrigue@ECT
02/26/2001 03:51 PM
Nancy,
Here's the book request I spoke with you about.   This also needs to be added 
to the AGG-GAS, AGG-GASIII, AND AGG-GASIV portfolios.  Please include as a 
separate portfolio named trader under the Lavorato Other region 
Please let me know when this book is set up.
Thanks,
Robin
  A woman and a man are involved in a car
  accident; it's a bad one.
  Both of their cars are totally demolished but amazingly
  neither of them are hurt.
  After they crawl out of their cars, the woman says, "So
  you're a man; that's interesting.  I'm a woman.
  Wow, just look at our cars!  There's nothing left, but
  fortunately we are unhurt.  This must be a sign from God
  that we should meet and be friends
  and live together in peace for the rest of our
  days."