Molly gets all her picks from "The Living Guide to Picking NFL Winners" by Martha Stewart.  Note on p. 12 of this months version:  Martha shows how to make hanging planters out of the jock straps worn by the front line of the New England Patriots.
No, I want her picks! This is going to start a major bidding war 
_________________________________________________________________
Kean, Kirby, Gibb, me.  Lots of fun.  Not.
Best,
Jeff
Good work.  Who was Enron's negotiator in all of this?  GAC
Yesterday, we reached agreement with the Senate regarding the terms and conditions under which the company would provide information to Senator Dunn's committee investigating wholesale price spikes.
In return, Dunn agreed to have is committee formally withdraw all contempt actions against Enron.
This morning, Dunn convened his committee and the committee formally withdrew the contempt actions.
A story related to the deal is attached.
If you have any questions, just let me know.
Best,
Jeff
Enron agrees to provide files, averts Senate contempt finding 
By Emily Bazar
Bee Capitol Bureau
(Published Sept. 14, 2001) 
State lawmakers moved to drop contempt charges against Enron Corp. on Thursday after the energy marketer agreed to begin turning over thousands of pages of documents immediately. 
The last-minute wrangling between Enron and a special Senate committee investigating energy price manipulation essentially brought to an end a series of extraordinary legislative proceedings that were last invoked in 1929. 
Following hours of closed-door meetings, Enron signed an agreement in the early evening, allowing it to dodge an impending contempt finding by the full Senate and the possibility of stiff fines. 
Under the deal, Enron will begin sharing records with the committee in exchange for a confidentiality agreement intended to protect its most sensitive documents after they are turned over. 
"It took too long to bring this to resolution," said state Sen. Joe Dunn, D-Santa Ana, who chairs the committee. "I can't help but think it had to do with the pending sanctions for contempt As part of the deal, however, Enron did not agree to drop the lawsuit it filed in July asking the court to intervene on its behalf, said spokeswoman Karen Denne. She said the company is still considering its options. 
"We're pleased they've agreed to withdraw the contempt charges," Denne said. 
Enron -- and two other companies that managed to quickly purge the charges against them -- had been found in contempt in late June after it refused to turn over documents, violating subpoenas that the committee issued on June 11. 
The subpoenas called for documents of all kinds, including those with specific details -- prices, quantities and capacity -- of the companies' transactions in the state's wholesale electricity market. 
Enron officials balked at the request, saying they didn't want to turn over documents that might include confidential trade secrets. 
Ultimately, the refusal to turn over documents brought the company perilously close to being found in contempt by the Senate. 
Thursday morning, the Senate Rules Committee met to consider the committee's contempt recommendation and whether it should be forwarded to the full Senate, along with suggested punishments in the form of fines. 
After an hour of finger-pointing and confusing allegations, Senate President Pro Tem John Burton sent the two sides into a conference room to work out their differences. 
At 6 p.m., Enron officials signed the same confidentiality agreement that several other companies have signed. 
Dunn said his committee will continue to meet throughout the fall and will inspect the documents that have been provided by energy companies. 
In addition, the committee awaits records from several municipal utilities, including the Sacramento Municipal Utility District. SMUD was among 11 municipal utilities that recently received subpoenas from the committee requesting documents. 
The Bee's Emily Bazar can be reached at (916) 326-5540 or ebazar@sacbee.com  
Enron and state reach agreement on papers 
The power company avoids a contempt order for files on electricity market. 
September 14, 2001 
By KIMBERLY KINDY
The Orange County Register 
SACRAMENTO -- Enron Corp. signed a confidentiality agreement late Thursday that should allow for the release of thousands of documents to aid in a Senate investigation into the California electricity market. 
The compromise apparently ends six months of stalled negotiations. 
At stake for Enron was a move to hold the company in contempt and start assessing millions of dollars in fines. 
The Senate Rules Committee on Thursday morning had delayed for a day a vote to consider asking the full Senate to hold Enron in contempt because the company has not turned over the subpoenaed documents. 
While delaying the decision, Senate Leader John Burton, D-San Francisco, ordered attorneys from the Legislative Counsel of California, a Senate committee investigating electricity price gouging and Enron into a room to work out an agreement that would protect the security of confidential documents that contain trade secrets. 
"Let's hope cooler minds prevail," said Rules Committee member Sen. Ross Johnson, R-Irvine, as the committee members moved to a conference room for a daylong meeting. 
The contempt proceedings, for now, have been dropped, said Sen. Joe Dunn, D-Santa Ana, who chairs the Senate committee investigating price gouging and possible collusion in the electricity market. 
Enron officials did not return calls seeking comment on the agreement late Thursday. 
The state Senate today is also expected to consider a resolution that would order the nation's two largest public-employee pension funds to sell off stock of any company that is found in contempt by the Legislature. 
The Legislative Counsel of California is recommending the action. 
"It is not good public policy to hold stock in companies in contempt of the California Legislature and therefore in contempt of the people of California," said Dunn, who asked for the counsel's review and recommendation. 
Enron agrees to turn over documents to Senate investigators 
By Jennifer Coleman
ASSOCIATED PRESS 
September 13, 2001 
SACRAMENTO - Enron Corp. agreed Thursday to release company documents to a Senate committee investigating possible price manipulation, ending the committee's quest to cite the energy company for contempt for not complying with a subpoena. 
The Senate Rules Committee heard arguments from Enron and the Senate Select Committee to Investigate Price Manipulation of the Wholesale Energy Market over whether the energy company should be found in contempt. 
In June, the select committee subpoenaed Enron files as part of its investigation into record-high prices in the state's wholesale electricity market. Enron sued to quash the subpoena, a motion a judge rejected. 
The judge agreed, however, that Enron was entitled to a protective order for documents revealing sensitive trading and financial information. 
Sen. Joe Dunn, D-Santa Ana, chairman of the select committee, said late Thursday that Enron agreed to the same confidentiality agreement accepted by several other generators. With that agreement, Dunn said, the committee would withdraw a report that recommended Enron be found in contempt. 
He said he expects documents to be transferred immediately. 
Dunn had argued the subpoena also covered nonconfidential documents, and since the energy company also refused to release those papers to the committee, it was in contempt. 
He asked Sen. John Burton, D-San Francisco, chairman of the rules committee, to approve fines against Enron for each day they didn't comply with the subpoena. The daily fines would start at $1,000, doubling each day for 10 days. Then the company would be fined $1 million a day. 
Enron lawyer Michael Kirby said the company had put 49,000 nonconfidential documents in a depository in Sacramento so committee investigators could review them. 
But Dennis Murphy, a lawyer for the select committee, said Enron didn't tell investigators where the depository was located. The committee discovered the address in documents filed by Enron for the court case, he said. 
"We've been trying to get into the depository for a week. They have not allowed our people in there to verify what documents are in there," he said. 
Kirby disputed that, and blamed the committee for delays in turning over the balance of the documents. The two parties haven't met since the judge ordered the protective order, and Kirby said it was the committee that refused to work out the order's details. 
Dunn said the law requires Enron to produce the documents before it was entitled to a protective order. 
Sen. Ross Johnson, R-Irvine, said Dunn's push to have Enron found in contempt "smacks at this point of Enron being punished for exercising their right to go to court A contempt report on Reliant Energy has also been sent to the Senate. A contempt finding against Mirant Corp. was later reversed when the company opened a document depository in Sacramento for the committee's investigators. 
If the full Senate imposes sanctions against Reliant or Enron, it will be the first time since 1929, when the Senate voted to jail reluctant witnesses during a committee investigation of price fixing and price gouging involving cement sales to the state. 
Here it is.  It's somewhat quick, but I don' t know what your timeline is (hopefully quick).  Let me know what you think (hope you don't mind that I modified your title).
Any word from Loretta re: whether a letter from big customers would help in the fight against tantrums from Angelides?
Best,
Jeff
Greetings.  In case Martin's interested  
Best,
Jeff
!! CADER'S DG 2001 CONFERENCE 
CADER's 3rd Annual International Symposium "Distributed Generation: Opportunities and Obstacles" will be held as scheduled on November 1-2, 2001 at the Catamaran Resort Hotel in San Diego.
Registration at the regular rates is still available. If you haven't registered yet, do so now. You should be there to network and mingle with some 250 fellow dg enthusiasts.
Twenty-three sponsors will be showing you the latest in distributed energy resource technologies. Over fifty speakers will provide you the latest and greatest in recent developments in fiancing, DG initiatives, deployment and comercialization issues, control & communication, standards and codes and more.....  with a focus on case studies.
For the latest information on the Agenda, and registration details, please see www.cader.org 
To facilitate your planning, San Diego's gorgeous Catamaran Resort Hotel has graciously extended the special rate deadline. Contact the hotel at 800-422-8386 or 
Call Jairam Gopal (916) 654-4880 or Michael Theroux (530) 823-7300 ext. 203 or Betsie Brown (858) 794-7355 if you have any questions.
 
Forget that, I'm expecting a new hanging planter for Christmas.  (Tee hee).
Kisses,
Jeff
See...reading Martha Stewart Living may make me rich yet!
_____  
Thanks.  Sounds good.  Did you say that you're living out in west Marin now (one of my favorite places and old stomping grounds  
I'm one of the many, the shameful, that's not finishing (though I'll only have one class in the Spring.  Take care.
Best,
Jeff
Don't know him.
I am one of the few, the proud, who is graduating next semester.
Let's try to get together sometime.  I'll pass along your   to my better half.
Aaron
_____  
I'm reporting this obvious attempt at collusion and pool-fixing to the commissioner!  Figures that the Commissioner's wife is in on it.  (Isn't that always the way it is?)
I say let's do it 
I could save you all a lot of time and effort by doing everyone's picks in a matter of about 2 minutes time...but there might be a small fee involved...(results may vary)
_____  
Well, not just any jock strap.  Maybe you could model a few and I can pick one.  Don't want it to clash with the furniture 
Wow.  It sounds like you really have your heart set on having a jock strap or 2 on display at your place...I may have to get in tough with some of those Patriots.
_____  
Guess who?  Me again.  You thought about having your guy Jack (who's likely got the most juice of anyone in the group) go to the Governor and tell him to tell Angelides to knock it off and to back off?
Second, what do you think about sending the letter directly to Angelides--after all, he's the one who's being a chowder head--and cc'ing Loretta?
Third, I should be able to get you something on our view of RTOs.
Best,
Jeff
dee-lish-ush dinner--the tart was especially yummy.  thanks very much.  by the way, was that a regular tart?
FYI.  Left him a message.  Will report back when we hook up.
Best,
Jeff
Thank you, O wise one.  I'm sure that Jack will thank you for preserving his fluids.
Jack IS pretty juicy....but we shouldn't waste his precious fluids on Peevish Angelides.
I think sending it directly to Loretta makes more sense....she's the one with the regulatory portfolio over the issue...and Phil's tantrum doesn't deserve the price of stamp, much less a direct response.
Dot
"Dasovich, Jeff" wrote:
 Guess who?  Me again.  You thought about having your guy Jack (who's
 likely got the most juice of anyone in the group) go to the Governor and
 tell him to tell Angelides to knock it off and to back off?