- 1n0b01!.WPD
Mark  FYI regarding Jim's new role Thanks
Elizabeth
36349
Christian Yoder
07/19/99 03:51 PM
Greg Whalley has informed me that Jim Fallon will now be in charge of East 
Power, West Power, and Emissions Trading.  This means that my boss will now 
be Jim Fallon rather than Greg Whalley.  I met with both Greg and Jim when I 
was in Houston last week.  Greg was very complimentary of the work that we've 
done here.  Greg has become extremely busy since his responsibilities have 
expanded from North American trading to risk management worldwide Accordingly, he thought that it made the most sense to consolidate the power 
trading functions in North America under one person.
Jim was also very complimentary of our work.  We have been profitable for 6 
straight quarters --  exceeded plan in 1998 and have exceeded plan in Q1 and 
Q2 of 1999.  He wants to see this success continue.  Jim expects to spend at 
least one day out of every two weeks up here.  I am looking forward to 
working with Jim.  He has done an outstanding job running the east power 
desk.  This should enable us to increase coordination between the two groups 
and allow us to have a strong advocate in Houston.  While it's too early to 
say anything definitively, I don't expect much to change on a day to day 
basis here.  If anyone has any questions please don't hesitate to ask.
FYI
Have a great day
eas
Christian Yoder
07/19/99 03:51 PM
Greg Whalley has informed me that Jim Fallon will now be in charge of East 
Power, West Power, and Emissions Trading.  This means that my boss will now 
be Jim Fallon rather than Greg Whalley.  I met with both Greg and Jim when I 
was in Houston last week.  Greg was very complimentary of the work that we've 
done here.  Greg has become extremely busy since his responsibilities have 
expanded from North American trading to risk management worldwide Accordingly, he thought that it made the most sense to consolidate the power 
trading functions in North America under one person.
Jim was also very complimentary of our work.  We have been profitable for 6 
straight quarters --  exceeded plan in 1998 and have exceeded plan in Q1 and 
Q2 of 1999.  He wants to see this success continue.  Jim expects to spend at 
least one day out of every two weeks up here.  I am looking forward to 
working with Jim.  He has done an outstanding job running the east power 
desk.  This should enable us to increase coordination between the two groups 
and allow us to have a strong advocate in Houston.  While it's too early to 
say anything definitively, I don't expect much to change on a day to day 
basis here.  If anyone has any questions please don't hesitate to ask.
Privileged and Confidential.  Attoney Client Work Product.
Attached is a draft letter for your consideration.  Our outside counsel 
believes a letter like this would help us in our position that we do not have 
to continue buying energy when there is no transfer capability at the SDP 
because we know TVA will reject it.  Sending this letter is not critical to 
the sucess of our position but would bolster it somewhat.  Before deceiding 
to sent or not, I wanted your thoughts on how you think that giving this 
information to TVA would impact us, particularly given TVA's actions today, 
re acces to transmission through third party transactions.  Lets discuss this 
afternoon.
Thanks
Elizabeth
36349
Hi
Dennis called me to attempt to reschedule.  Conflicts in schedules led him to 
leave me a vm saying he will call me when he gaets back in the office next 
week.  I'll keep you posted.
Thanks for your email.  I'll be out of the office for the rest of the week so 
when you find an answer, just let Bonnie (37422) White know.  Thanks.
Elizabeth
FYI - I'm out of the office the rest of this week, in on Monday and then out 
all the following week.  My assistant Brenda knows where I am.  If you need 
to reach me either leave me a vm and I'll return the call (I would love 
nothing more than to be execused from the painful standardized contract 
meetings I will be attending) or else call me on the cell phone 713 854 
5747.  Bob Madden is the outside lawyer on the TVA MOPA and control area and 
you can call him at 713 650 8805 if you need to.  He is currently working on 
the declaratory judgement petition and is aware of the possible timeframe.
Have a great week.
Sager
Please print thanks
A clean and redline version of the latest draft are attached.  This version 
is what we will use at the meeting next week in Baltimore.
Andrew S. Katz, Senior Attorney
Edison Electric Institute
akatz@eei.org
PH (202) 508-5616
FAX (202) 508-5673
- Standardized K 7 21 Clean.doc
- Standardized K 7 21 Blackline v 2.doc
Last week, the WSPP drafing group met in sunny California  to continue the 
slow and steady march towards a standardized, "national" agreement. Schedule 
C , the service schedule for firm transactions, was the primary topic and the 
following is a summary of where the group is headed.
After much discussion, we proposed  that the group consider the definition of 
firm energy  that Tim, Christian and others have been considering.  The 
following is proposed language (the base was EPMI's version) that the WSPP 
group is currently reviewing:
Firm Power is power that is sold and scheduled in accordance with applicable 
reserve requirements for which the only excuse for the failure to deliver or 
recieve are those set forth in Schedule 3.9 of the WSPP Agreement.  Seller 
shall take steps necessary for the power to be considered Firm Power under 
this definition.
Schedule 3.9 only allows interruption if (i) within agreed recall time, (ii) 
due to an Uncontrollable Force or (iii) power is need for native load; 
provided, however it was agreed that a party would neverless be liable for 
LDs if it interrupts due to native load requirements (this last point is a 
major accomplishment that apppears to have uniform agreement and will be 
implemented in the next draft - the group claimed that the "optics" are 
necessary to help traditional utilities).  As a further note, the group 
agreed to do away with all references to C1 and  C2 and have just one 
Schedule.
Changes from EPMI's proposed definition where  the result of the following 
discussions:
1.  Generated vs. Sold - "Sold" was elected over "generated" because the 
group thinks that it is the receiving control area that determines the 
generator's reserve requirements.
2. "Schedule"  was added to bolster the scheduling requirements.
3.  "Reserves" instead of "Operating Reserves" was used because the group 
thought the word operating may be too restrictive.
4.  "WSCC reserve requirements" was replaced with "applicable" reserve 
requirements because the group thinks that the WSPP Agreement is national in 
scope and should not be limited to WSPP.
5.  References to Non-firm supply as being excluded from Firm Power was 
excluded because the group thought it was redundent  - no control area would 
accept a non-firm supply as being firm.
6.  Power rather than energy is being used only bacause that is the decision 
that has already been made.
This defintion will be further discussed at  the next meeting on Aug 20th in 
Denver.  Prior to that time, I would like to get your thoughts on how this is 
shaping up and what additions/deletions are appropriate.  I look forward to 
hearing your thoughts.
Thanks.
Elizabeth 
713 853 6349
Hi
I really enjoyed playing yesterday -thanks 
Can you hit on Wed. afternoon or Thursday lunch or afternoon?
Talk to you soon
I'm available all day on the 23rd and 24th.  The week before I am here all 
week other than the 20th (Friday).  Thanks
eas
I will be out of the office until Monday, August 16th.  If you need 
assistance, feel free to contact either David (39239), Jeff (36911), Leslie 
(36121), or  Christian (5034647845).  If you need to reach me I can be 
tracked down at 970 923 6279. 
Thanks and have a great week.
Sager 
Please print
To the Drafting Committee:
Attached for your review are clean and marked copies of the
standardized contract. These documents are in Word Perfect; if you are
unable to open them, please call my secretary Sue Edwards and she can
send you a fax instead. I will be out of the office for the rest of the
day but will be back on Monday if you have any questions. In order to
keep with our mid-August deadline, please call me (312) 258-5659 or fax
me (312) 258-5600 your comments by 5 pm Chicago time on Tuesday, Aug.
10. Also, please let me know if you want to have a conference call
before this goes out to the larger group, as opposed to just reviewing
the draft one last time once I revise it with all your comments. Pleae
let me know if there is any time on Aug. 11 or Aug. 12 when you are NOT
available for a conference call.
Thanks,
Caroline
- marked.agm.wpd
- Clean.agm.wpd
please print
Attached are two documents formatted in Microsoft Word.
- REVISIONSTOTHEWSPPAGREEMENT.DOC
- 1003-416-147.DOC
Mark
Attached is the preliminary outline of a conference EEI is considering 
holding on November 17, 1999 to introduce the form of standardized power 
contract developed through EEI.  You will note that EEI listed you as a 
potential speaker.  EEI has also called me to discuss my role in this 
presentation but I wanted to get your thoughts first 
Thanks
Elizabeth
36349
As part of our outreach process for the standardized contract, EEI is 
planning to offer a conference for the industry and regulators on November 
17, 1999 in Washington, D.C.  We would like to invite you to participate in 
the conference as speakers because of your roles in developing the Master 
Agreement.  I've attached a proposed program for the conference would 
appreciate your comments.  Not all the issues need to be part of the oral 
presentation, but could be included in the written handouts.
Please review the program to see which issues you might want to address.  Let 
me know if you are interested in being on the program, are available, or have 
someone else to recommend as a speaker.  As co-chairs of the working group, 
it seems logical to make Patti and Dave moderators. for the main sessions on 
the contract.  I've filled in some other potential speakers.  Also, we were 
thinking of having speakers on managing trading floor operations and credit 
ratings for power marketers.  Any suggestions there would be welcome.  If 
need be, we can set up a conference call to discuss working out the rest of 
the presenters for the program.
Andrew S. Katz, Senior Attorney
Edison Electric Institute
akatz@eei.org
PH (202) 508-5616
FAX (202) 508-5673
- Fleshed out conference topics.doc
please print
Attached are several documents:
1003-391-147 - formatted in Microsoft Word (Mediation)
1003-153.sch - formatted in Wordperfect (Schs. A-C)
1003-153.rv5 - formatted in Wordperfect (Agreement)
1003-415-147 - formatted in Microsoft Word (Cover Memo)
- 1003-391-147.DOC
- 1003-153.SCH
- 1003-153.RV5
- 1003-415-147.DOC
I will be attending Firday's meeting.  Complete information for me is as 
follows:
Elizabeth Sager
1400 Smith Street
Houston Texes 77007
713 853 6349 Phone
713 646 3490 Fax
esager2@ect.enron.com   (EMAIL)
Thanks 
Elizabeth
please print
Carol St Clair
08/17/99 04:28 PM
Elizabeth:
Here are clean and black-lined versions of the ISDA MAster Schedule and the 
ISDA Credit Support Annex schedule.
please print
This message is intended for the individual or entity named above.  If you
are not the intended
recipient, please do not read, copy, use or disclose this communication to
others; also please
notify the sender by replying to this message, and then delete it from
your system.  Thank you.
Per my last email, here it is.  This is based on our experience
representing a non Governmental Entity in a potentially tricky deal with a
city.
.
Fritz.
(See attached file: Schedule M - Blacklined.wpd)             (See attached
file: Schedule M - Clean.wpd)
- Schedule M - Blacklined.wpd
- Schedule M - Clean.wpd
Hi Sheryl
Hope all is well - we missed Eleanor on Sunday.  How did your lunch go last 
week.  Give me a call when you get a minute.
Sager
713 853 6349
FYI
Joe:  I do not know if you have contacted I.G. George Prosser yet Apparently,  the Hill & Knowlton bad press is all over today's local valley 
papers.  I spoke to two Hill contacts today who advise that if George Prosser 
appears at all reluctant to proceed,  please let me know and these Hill 
contacts will contact him directly to advise him to go forward as they are 
willing to lend him their political support.
Cynthia Sandherr
08/11/99 08:49 PM
Craven Crowell's authority to act without a full TVA board is limited by 
federal statutory authority to only carrying out "administrative functions He is explicitly prohibited from carrying out "policy functions" without the 
other board members in place.  We know who the Administration intends to 
nominate for the two board vacancies, however, these candidates can only be 
officially nominated and confirmed by Congress sometime after Congress 
reconvenes on September 8th at the earliest.
Since I know you would like an immediate fix to your TVA control area issue, 
during the month of August you might pursue TVA's policy actions against our 
control area in violation of federal statute.  (In the meantime, however,  I 
am continuing to work the Appropriations strategy (best possible resolution 
date October 1, 1999) and the Authorization strategy (best possible 
resolution date October 7, 2000 
Currently, the TVA Inspector General George Prosser who can be reached at  
(423) 632-4120 is in hot pursuit of Mr. Crowell.  He has successfully had 
legislation introduced to curb Mr. Crowell's authorities, and soon will issue 
a report (sure to receive much front page negative publicity) that Mr. 
Crowell "lied" to Congress by failing to disclose a TVA $100,000 monthly 
publicity retainer with Hill & Knowlton to a House Congressional Oversight 
Committee.  Ironically, this retainer was to help Mr. Crowell obtain 
favourable earned media.
We believe  the I.G. could easily be persuaded to pursue the wrong-doing 
caused by Mr. Crowell in developing TVA policy in the absence of a board.  If 
he pursues the case, he would likely immediate reinstate our positions during 
the investigation so as not to cause further harm, plus he could require TVA 
to pay damages if he successfully proves his case.  Regardless, this 
investigation would cause nasty publicity for TVA.
I have discussed with Joe Hartsoe what materials he may wish to provide the 
I.G. in order to help him make our case that this action "created policy."  I 
have also given Joe Hartsoe a listing of all of TVA's industrial customers 
likely curtailed during the heat wave.  We should contact a few of these 
industrials in order to also ask them to intervene against TVA's policy 
action on our control area.  These industrials could also claim monetary 
damages from being wrongfully curtailed by a policy that arguably reduced the 
amount of available power in the region 
The down side is Mr. Crowell could pursue "administrative" retributions 
against Enron activities 
is attached.  Please let me know if this does the trick.  I shall work with 
Charles on the more complete description to be sent later in the week.
Elizabeth Sager should consider whether to show this to TVA litigation 
counsel.
- 0112875.01
Elizebeth, 
I made the changes you recommended to the LCRA/Calpine history requested by 
Jim Fallon for his meeting with Cliff Baxter.
Let me know if the attached document looks OK.   -Ed
Elizebeth, 
I made the changes you recommended to the LCRA/Calpine history requested by 
Jim Fallon for his meeting with Cliff Baxter.
Let me know if the attached document looks OK.   -Ed
Slightly revised version Thanks 
Elizabeth
Elizebeth, 
I made the changes you recommended to the LCRA/Calpine history requested by 
Jim Fallon for his meeting with Cliff Baxter.
Let me know if the attached document looks OK.   -Ed
Elizabeth and Randy:
Attached are clean and marked copies of the standardized contract,
revised to reflect comments from Kevin, Fritz, Mitch and Andy, and other
changes discussed during the conference calls on Monday and Tuesday. As
we discussed, please coordinate with Fritz so that he can revise the
document to reflect any additional comments either of you have. He will
then circulate a revised draft to the drafting committee in time for our
next conference call on Sept. 9 at 2 pm eastern time.
Thanks,
Caroline
- W093RED.WPD
- sept1.wpd
fyi
Leslie Hansen
09/07/99 09:38 AM
On Tuesday September 7th  from 4:00 - 5:30 in Conference Room EB2601 EB2601I will be doing an orverview of the EnronOnline System.  If you have 
not had a chance to see an overview or have people in your group that could 
benefit from this overview please RSVP to LBecker@ect.enron.com.  This 
project continues to be confidential in nature so please limit participation 
to the appropriate personnel.
Woould love to but .... presentation to FINANCE at 300.  Oh well
Hope all is well.
e
Dear Elizabeth,
In response to the recent business reorganization, we are working to=20
streamline Enron=01,s Global Internet addressing structure.  As a result, the=20
messaging group has been working to ensure a timely conversion from our=20
current addressing scheme of "@ect.enron.com" and "@.co.uk" to a unified=20
"@" address. =20
A great deal of effort has been put into this project to eliminate any=20
duplicate addresses across Enron's Global Messaging Enterprise. Some of you=20
may find that your original  Internet "short name" was changed as a result of=20
your short name being the same as someone else's at Enron.   In addition to=20
changing to a standard "@" we have made a global change to allow=20
users to receive email  by short name and long name (see below).
This consolidation will become effective for all former ECT users, beginning=20
Monday, September 6, 1999. =20
Internet short name:  esager2@
Internet long name:  Elizabeth.Sager@
Please note middle initials may be used to uniquely identify individuals with=20
the same name and differentiate them as unique, all names do not have middle=20
initials.
i.e. John.A.Doe@
Your old "@ect.enron.com" and "@.co.uk" addresses will continue to be=20
supported until November 1st.
When ordering your new business cards, we are recommending that users begin=20
printing their long name address instead of short names.
In order to minimize the impact on your business please begin advising your=20
outside contacts of your new address and effective date of Monday, September=20
6th as soon as possible.
If you have additional questions regarding your new address, please contact=20
your local help desk.
Thank You for your support in this global messaging endeavor.
Do you think anybody in your group would be interested?
Sager
Dear Elizabeth,
Attached is the invitation to speak at "Measuring, managing and
modelling credit risk". If you have any problems opening the file please get 
in touch. I have suggested talk 5 in the pre-conference seminar, however, 
talk 3 is also available. I would be more than happy for you or your 
colleague to speak on either or both of these subjects. I am unfortunately 
working to a very tight schedule so if you could let me know ASAP if you 
could speak I would very much appreciate it.
Many Thanks
Helen Evans
Many Thanks
Helen Evans
Conference Producer
- att1.htm
- Einvite.doc
Edward D Baughman
09/19/2000 10:14 AM
Elizabeth:
The attached list is a follow up to our discussion (i.e., IPALCO's problem 
contract) on existing customer contracts and mid-market's initiative to 
dramatically ramp up short term deal flow. This list represents 
counter-parties we anticipate transacting with frequently. Please advise as 
to problem areas.
Thanks.
Karla Compean
09/19/2000 09:41 AM
Christian Yoder
09/14/99 03:35 PM
Elizabeth,
Three documents are coming your way by three routes:  1. the draft 
definitions for our confirms is attached.  2. the agenda for the WSPP 
meeting  is easy to get off the internet:  Brenda can put in "WSPP.com" into 
the search engine and pull up the WSPP homepage on which is listed the agenda 
for the meeting which can be printed out.  3. Jan is sending a monster fax of 
the latest proposed changes to the agreement 
When you have all this paper, let's talk.--cgy
Mark
Lets talk about his when you get a chance.  The Power Trading Group wants to 
send this out Monday(20) or Tuesday (21) and Christi has asked me for 
comments.
Thanks
Elizabeth
Re: my phone mail message.  Thanks.  Christi 37007
Attached is a draft letter to the Chicago Board of Trade asking it to comply 
with its CFTC mandate to ensure open access on TVA's system in order to 
satisfy the requirements for the TVA Contract.  Please forward comments 
ASAP.  We would like to send this out this week. Please note whether the ccs 
are appropriate (I've included Wendy Gramm) Thanks
Margaret Uhlig Pemberton  Please respond to pemlaw@texas.net
To all the patient participants:
Attached is a copy of the finalized and approved ERCOT Wholesale
no reason not to use it before the approximate 6 months it will take to
created by a committee of ERCOT members and their attorneys.  It is a
voluntary instrument and may be used by anyone choosing to do so (even
non ERCOT members).  It is not required to be used by any ERCOT member
or anyone choosing to do business within ERCOT.  It may be modified by
attaching an Exhibit "E."  ERCOT disclaims any liability through use of
the agreement and as reflected in the disclaimer on page one of the
Agreement.
Please call me with any questions.  Good luck to you all. I enjoyed
working with you on this project.
Margaret
- ERCOT WHOLESALE ENABLING AGREEMENT BoardApproved91099.doc
- Disclaimer.doc
materials for DC meeting
Please review the attached cover memo that describes the process followed by 
the Drafting Committee and a proposed plan of action for the meeting on the 
24th.  You will find find attached a clean copy of the Master Power Purchase 
and Sale Agreement and a redline version showing changes made by the Drafting 
Committee to the last version of the agreement reviewed by the entire Working 
Group.   Also attached is a proposed Model Tariff for use with the Master 
Agreement.  The Model Tariff is described in the  Cover Memo.  All these 
files are in Rich Text (*.RTF) format and should easily import into any 
wordprocessing program.
Andrew S. Katz, Senior Attorney
Edison Electric Institute
akatz@eei.org
PH (202) 508-5616
FAX (202) 508-5673
- clean memo.rtf
- septcleandraft.rtf
- 9RJ3RED.rtf
- #7767 v1 - WHOLESALE MARKET BASED RATE SCHEDULE FORM.rtf
Genia 
Can you get with Ed Hearn on this and start the process rolling - I think he 
was the one that set up Enron SE - if not give me a call.
Thanks
Elizabeth
As we initiate the process to certify the Wheatland and Wilton Center plants 
as control areas in ECAR and MAIN, respectively, it is necessary to create a 
special purpose corporation.  As you may recall, we formed Enron-SE Corp. as 
the control area company for the Southeast peakers, and EPMI entered into an 
agreement with Enron-SE Corp. for control area services.
I would like to create a new company named Enron-MW Corp.  Enron-MW Corp. 
would be the entity where the ECAR and MAIN control areas would reside Please proceed immediately to create this new corporation.
Felicia,
In addition to ordering letterhead for Enron-SE Corp., please also order 
corporate letterhead for Enron-MW Corp. 
Never mind.  Thanks though.
To all:  I just talked to Kevin and we will use Enron-SE Corp. for this and 
not set up Enron-MW Corp. (Elizabeth,  we don't see a need to have a separate 
company, since all the confidentiality Ks, etc. are under Enron-SE Corp., but 
let me know if you disagree.  Thanks!)
As we initiate the process to certify the Wheatland and Wilton Center plants 
as control areas in ECAR and MAIN, respectively, it is necessary to create a 
special purpose corporation.  As you may recall, we formed Enron-SE Corp. as 
the control area company for the Southeast peakers, and EPMI entered into an 
agreement with Enron-SE Corp. for control area services.
I would like to create a new company named Enron-MW Corp.  Enron-MW Corp. 
would be the entity where the ECAR and MAIN control areas would reside Please proceed immediately to create this new corporation.
Felicia,
In addition to ordering letterhead for Enron-SE Corp., please also order 
corporate letterhead for Enron-MW Corp. 
Elizabeth Sager and Lou Stoler from Enron  will attend the meeting on Friday.
Thanks
John
Your interpretation is correct based on my understanding.  You may want to 
call Dennis to just check in.  Dennis did say that he would include Enron in 
any bid packages prepared 
Met at 430 - Yes. Court . Under the Cox name.
Vacation - still thinking.
See ya
Please review the attached cover memo that describes the process followed by 
the Drafting Committee and a proposed plan of action for the meeting on the 
24th.  You will find find attached a clean copy of the Master Power Purchase 
and Sale Agreement and a redline version showing changes made by the Drafting 
Committee to the last version of the agreement reviewed by the entire Working 
Group.   Also attached is a proposed Model Tariff for use with the Master 
Agreement.  The Model Tariff is described in the  Cover Memo.  All these 
files are in Rich Text (*.RTF) format and should easily import into any 
wordprocessing program.
Andrew S. Katz, Senior Attorney
Edison Electric Institute
akatz@eei.org
PH (202) 508-5616
FAX (202) 508-5673
- clean memo.rtf
- septcleandraft.rtf
- 9RJ3RED.rtf
- #7767 v1 - WHOLESALE MARKET BASED RATE SCHEDULE FORM.rtf
Mark Elliott
09/19/2000 01:19 PM
Elizabeth,
Following my e-mail of last week sending you a version of a new Dutch law 
governed pro forma Physical Power Master, I have since made some minor 
changes to that version to deal with typos, etc.  I now attach the final 
Dutch law version below, plus an English law version of that document.
Kind  
Mark
FYI - Brochure for EEI meeting in November.
EEI and the EEI Alliance of Energy Suppliers will sponsor a special workshop 
on November 17 in Washington, D.C. to address the wholesale trading market 
and Standardized Master Power Contract.
Attached is a PDF file of the Workshop brochure.  You must have an Acrobat 
reader to open it.  If you do not, you may go to   to 
download a gratis version.  If you would prefer, you may contact Trish 
Higgins, the Alliance Coordinator, and she will be pleased to fax a copy to 
your office:  thiggins@eei.org/202-508-5180.  For your information, you will 
also receive a copy via mail.   As shown on the the PDF file, but not the 
printed brochure, Harlan Murphy of Dynegy Power Marketing Inc., will 
participate on the panel "Can the Standardized Contract Assist the Market?"
- Pwrmkt2.pdf
SEE THE ATTACHED DRAFT AS I HAVE REVISED IT.  DRAFT MARKED FOR ENRON USE ONLY
RICHARD INGERSOLL
Gloria Solis
09/24/99 03:07 PM
The Conference Call has been set-up for Monday, September 27th @ 11:00 am 
(CST 
Dial In Number:   1.800.998.2462
Pin #:   2144042
If you have any questions, please call Christi @ 713.853.7007.  Thanks
Please set up a conference call number and let the list, plus Joe and Dick 
(Joe said make sure that you call Dick and tell him the time).  Let Felicia 
Doan know too.  Thanks
We will have a conference call about this at 11:00 am Monday 9/27.  Gloria 
will forward the call in number.
Joe Hartsoe@
09/24/99 10:52 AM
Christi -- Please call me.  I would like Gloria to circulate this to Jim, 
Kevin, Elizabeth and anyone else you  think appropriate; and set up a meeting 
for Monday 10 eastern to determine our response.  Richard and I will lead the 
discussion.  Thanks JOE
Gloria Solis@ECT
09/24/99 10:38 AM
Richard will call you on this.  Thanks
Richard
I am attaching a revised copy of the agreement. TVA has agreed to these 
changes.
TVA supplied the basic changes and we intervened in a couple of cases where 
we did not think they met our agreements.
My  comments to are as follows:
I believe the second bullet is better stated than the original one we 
submitted. We support this wording.
In the last paragraph, if Enron also supports the wording related to ENNA and 
ENCA we need to include your name in the sentence.
Please disregard the original document and let's work from this one.
Thanks
Jim
- att1.htm
- SERC Enron TVA ResolutionRev2.doc
EEI and the EEI Alliance of Energy Suppliers will sponsor a special workshop 
on November 17 in Washington, D.C. to address the wholesale trading market 
and Standardized Master Power Contract.
Attached is a PDF file of the Workshop brochure.  You must have an Acrobat 
reader to open it.  If you do not, you may go to   to 
download a gratis version.  If you would prefer, you may contact Trish 
Higgins, the Alliance Coordinator, and she will be pleased to fax a copy to 
your office:  thiggins@eei.org/202-508-5180.  For your information, you will 
also receive a copy via mail.   As shown on the the PDF file, but not the 
printed brochure, Harlan Murphy of Dynegy Power Marketing Inc., will 
participate on the panel "Can the Standardized Contract Assist the Market?"
- Pwrmkt2.pdf
Here is the draft.  As always, thanks for your help.
Elizabeth
Hi Christian
Thanks for the email and voicemail - look forward to seeing you in Oct.
This EEI contract is a still a progress in work.  Last week's meeting 
resulted in still more changes. New draft is being prepared and will be 
distributed later this week.  Contract "rollout" is in Nov 
Its raining here. First time in over two months.  I think I'll leave today in 
celebration.
Sager
Please review the attached cover memo that describes the process followed by 
the Drafting Committee and a proposed plan of action for the meeting on the 
24th.  You will find find attached a clean copy of the Master Power Purchase 
and Sale Agreement and a redline version showing changes made by the Drafting 
Committee to the last version of the agreement reviewed by the entire Working 
Group.   Also attached is a proposed Model Tariff for use with the Master 
Agreement.  The Model Tariff is described in the  Cover Memo.  All these 
files are in Rich Text (*.RTF) format and should easily import into any 
wordprocessing program.
Andrew S. Katz, Senior Attorney
Edison Electric Institute
akatz@eei.org
PH (202) 508-5616
FAX (202) 508-5673
- clean memo.rtf
- septcleandraft.rtf
- 9RJ3RED.rtf
- #7767 v1 - WHOLESALE MARKET BASED RATE SCHEDULE FORM.rtf
I have scheduled a meeting for October 7th from 8:30 to 2:30 in room 3321 to 
recommence the project we began in January to review the existing 
Houston-based financial, gas and power trading forms.  All of you should have 
Forms"  which contains all of the long and short forms used for trading (as 
such forms existed in January 1999), as well as my summary comparison as to 
how each of the forms handles certain legal issues (eg, termination, cover, 
assignement, confidentiality ....).  If you did not receive or cannot locate 
this binder, let me know and I will forward to you another copy.  This 
analysis was done in January.   I am aware that some of the forms may have 
changed since then but have not undertaken to "update" the memo as we will be 
able to discuss such changes at the meeting.
The purpose of the meeting is to review how each of the Houston-based 
trading  forms has been structured and to note where there are differences The ultimate goal is to determine what Enron's "model" trading provisions 
should be and to determine a consistent approach unless there is a justified 
rational for treating the commodities in a different manner.  With this in 
mind, I would hope to be able to create a "modular type" contract  whereby 
each legal issue would have a recommended approach, evidenced by language 
that will be approved by the group.  By way of example, Enron's gas contract 
prohibits assignement without consent, which consent can be withheld for any 
reason.  The financial form provides that a party can not unreasonably 
withhold its consent.  At this meeting we would discuss what the preferred 
approach is and then begin the process of drafting appropriate language, 
which language would be approved at a seperate meeting.  This  "modular 
assignment section" could then be dropped into all trading forms unless 
differences were required due to the commodity/product involved.
You will note that the analysis performed to date does not include all areas 
of a trading contract.  Similiar steps will still need to be undertaken with 
other provisions such as credit terms.  At the meeting, I hope to further 
discuss the additional areas everybody believes should be reviewed.
Aron Roffwarg, a lawyer  from Bracewell, will also be at the meeting to 
assist us in this effort.
Thanks 
fmdutton@aep.com on 09/29/99 04:29:47 PM
The WSPP operating/contract drafting committee is meeting on October 7 in
Phoenix to discuss the reserve requirements for firm sales.  I would 
appreciate
your review and comments on the following as a definition for Firm Power for 
use
in the WSPP Agreement in lieu of the current language.  This language would be
inserted in Schedule C and replace Sections C-3.3 and C-3.6:
Firm Power shall be interrupted only if the interruption is: (a) due to 
an
Uncontrollable Force as provided in Section 10 of this Agreement and 
power
is not available at the Delivery Point; or, (b) where applicable, to meet
Seller's public utility or statutory obligations to its customers.  If
Seller exercises its right to interrupt to meet its public utility or
statutory obligations, Seller shall be responsible for payment of damages
for failure to deliver Firm Power as provided in Section 21.3 of this
Agreement or in any Confirmation Agreement.  If Firm Power is interrupted
for any reason other than as provided in subpart (a) above, the
non-performing party shall be obligated to pay damages under this 
Agreement
or Confirmation Agreement.
call in number is 888 237 7001, access code 501 104
talk to you later
Geoffrey Allen
10/04/99 09:36 AM
Elizabeth and David,
I want to work with you both and Kevin to turn these edits (from ComEd) 
around today.
Let me know your availability to review.  The document is now in your hands.
Geoff
Hi John - You are in good company - I never call or write those I care about; 
only my "enemies" get to hear or see me.  And if that doesn't tell you how I 
spend my time, nothing will.  Now that summer is almost upon us (its only 92 
degrees in Houston), I hope for more.  Give me a call and lets try to catch 
up this week.
Hope all is well for you.
Elizabeth
713 853 6349
Hi Smith
If a six week delay in responding doesn't merit a big I'm sorry I don't know 
what does.  My sincere apologizes in not responding sooner.
We have been looking for a power trading lawyer for about a year.  In March 
Mark H. decided that since we couldn't find one outside that he would bring 
in people internally.  Accordingly, back in April we had 3 internal lawyers 
move into the group.  As a result of this shift,  we are not currently 
looking for additional lawyers for power trading, but if things change I'll 
let you know.  Just FYI, there may be openings in other areas (finance, 
asset  development).  If you are interested, let me know and I'll call you 
back.  Also, I know that power trading lawyers in general are in hot demand  
...  other organizations may be hiring.  I will be up in Portland, next 
week.  Maybe we can talk then
Again, my apologizes on the long delay.
SCEM - Sonnet Edmund's can be your first stop.  She has a new person who you 
will likely work with but I forget his name.
This is likely the last opportunity we will have for comments, so if anybody 
has any additional comments, please let me know no later than the end of the 
day on Wed, Oct 13th, and I will forward all comments to Caroline on Thursday.
Thanks for everybody's assistance on this effort.
Elizabeth
Attached is the latest draft  of  the Master Agreement (which includes 
changes from 9/24 meeting).  Please send your comments to Caroline Goodson 
asap, but no later than Friday October 15.    Thank-you.
Andrew S. Katz, Senior Attorney
Edison Electric Institute
701 Pennsylvania Avenue, N.W.
Washington, D.C.  20004
Voice:  202-508-5616
Fax:     202-508-5673
e-mail:  akatz@eei.org
- oct draft.rtf
- oct red.rtf
I'm only available from 2 -245 on thursday the 21st.(sorry for the trouble 
but my daughter has a doctors appointment on thurs and I'm not in on Friday)
Thanks
Elizabeth
I will be able to attend by phone (subject to kid noise in the bakground 
however).  Please leave me a voice mail at 36349 to let me know phone in 
details. 
Thanks
Elizabeth
It would be my pleasure to have you on the call I asked Caroline if we could do it at 300 houston time.  Hope that works.
Elizabeth
Christian
Can you review this and let me know if you are ok w this for online trading.
thanks 
e
Regulatory made some changes to the power description and Awais wanted 
Legal's sign off again and needs a response by tomorrow.  Will that be a 
problem?
Awais Omar
10/20/99 01:32 PM
Tana,
here is a revised marked up document that has come from Maureen Mcvicker in 
regulatory with amendments to the original US West Power document made by 
Mary Hain, regultory director in Portland.
Can we get a very quick legal approval of this please.  I would be most 
grateful for a reply by end of tomorrow please with as few changes as 
possible. 
I have already got re-approval from the commercial group and the amednments 
are more editorial.
Thanks
Awais
Elena Kapralova
19/10/99 23:58
Guys, 
here is the final red-line copy of the US West Power market description vs. 
the previous final one.
There are A LOT of changes.
Pls letr me know if you have Qs.
Elena
Sorry for the delay
Handicap - a very poor player
Food - Water, Heinikin and turkey sandwich w cheese
Thanks
Elizabeth
I'm out thurs and friday this week.  In next week, though.  Let me know what 
might work say next tues/wed
thanks
1000 is fine w me
elizabeth
Attached is draft.  Want to review with Bob before we send out.
Thanks 
e
Brenda wuld you please fill this out and send to Zal. 
To U.I. Working Group:
I am trying to compile a contact list of all working group members. 
In order to do that I will require the following information from each of you.
Phone
Fax
E-mail
Pager
Mobile
Address
Zal
x37488
Christi L Nicolay
09/19/2000 07:06 PM
This is the draft AEP filing--probably will be filed Wed.  Let me know in the 
am if you have comments.
** High Priority 
Christi -
Dan asked that I send you the attached updated draft for the AEP Protest 
filing.  This draft contains all of Sarah Novosel's input.  Please now show 
this draft protest to Kevin Presto and anyone else who needs to sign off on 
it.  Thanks.  Please let me know when your group has signed off.
- 0131341.01
Attached is the latest EEI contract for your review.  If you have any changes 
you think should be incorporated, please let me know before the the 16th of 
November.
As you all are aware, I have been working with EEI to come up with the 
definition of an "Into" product.  I circulated a draft definition at the last 
EEI meeting.  There will be a conference call on Tuesday Nov.9th from 230 to 
430 to further discuss with EEI members.  Let me know if you would like to 
participate.  In the meanwhile if you have any comments on the draft Into 
definition I circulated, please get me our comments as soon as possible.  I 
will be meeting with the traders later today to discuss with them 
Thanks for everbody's help on this project.  The end may be near.
The attached Master Purchase and Sale Agreement represents the culmination of 
a tremendous effort by the Standard Contract Working Group and Drafting 
Committee.  Every effort has been made to be as inclusive in the process of 
creating this document as possible.  Many compromises were made in creating 
this contract and  is not necessarily everyone's ideal agreement Nevertheless, the contract should be a workable tool that hopefully will 
benefit the power market.  A clean and redline version of the contract are 
attached.  They were prepared by the Drafting Committee and every effort was 
made to include comments received during and since the September 24 meeting 
at EEI.
At this stage of the initiative, it would not be productive to circulate 
non-substantive comments (word smithing/formatting).  On the other hand, it 
would be useful to send any substantive comments or questions about the 
mechanics of the contract and how the contract language might apply under 
certain scenarios.  The best forum to respond to your questions or comments 
will be the November 17 Power Marketing Transactions conference in 
Washington, D.C.   Accordingly, it would be helpful to tailor your comments 
to the conference program.  Questions, comments, and hypotheticals could be 
worked into the panel discussions.  Moreover, many of your colleagues from 
the Working Group will be on the panels or attending the conference.  For 
your convenience, a copy of the conference program is attached.  Send your 
comments to either Patty Dondanville, pdondanville@schiffhardin.com, or David 
Perlman, dmperlman@pwrsrc.com
Feel free to contact me if you have any questions.
Andrew S. Katz, Senior Attorney
Edison Electric Institute
701 Pennsylvania Avenue, N.W.
Washington, D.C.  20004
Voice:  202-508-5616
Fax:     202-508-5673
e-mail:  akatz@eei.org
- oct31clean.rtf
- oct31red.rtf
- Pwrmkt2.pdf
Please print
thanks
I am forwarding the following message from Mitch Dutton regarding this=20
afternoon's conference call:
As a suggestion for a common starting point for discussions of the Into=20
Product Definition this afternoon,  I am suggesting we begin with the current=20
proposal in the lastest version of the Standardized Contract circulated by=20
Andy Katz on November 2, 1999.  For ease of access, I have attached the=20
defintion as an attachment below.  In addition, to assist my management in=20
understanding how the Into Product defintion works in a graphic format, I am=20
also sending a slide that reflects my understanding of the defintion.  I make=20
no representations or warranties as to the accuracy of the attachments.  I=20
look forward to the discussion this afternoon.
(See attached file: INTO DELIVERY POINT PRODUCT DEFINITION.rtf) This is in=20
Rich Text format and should import into any word processor.
(See attached file: Slide to be e-mailed.ppt)
You need power point to launch the second attachment.  Double right click on=20
the slide to get it to fill the screen.  I hope this is helpful.
=02=05   Please let me know if the attachments were not received intact.
Andrew S. Katz, Senior Attorney
Edison Electric Institute
701 Pennsylvania Avenue, N.W.
Washington, D.C.  20004
Voice:  202-508-5616
Fax:     202-508-5673
e-mail:  akatz@eei.org
- INTO DELIVERY POINT PRODUCT DEFINITION.rtf
- Slide to be e-mailed.ppt
Please see this attached bio 
Sorry this took so long. I will talk with Greg about refining actual damages 
calculation. 
Elizebeth, 
I made the changes you recommended to the LCRA/Calpine history requested by 
Jim Fallon for his meeting with Cliff Baxter.
Let me know if the attached document looks OK.   -Ed
Final version for your files of the ERCOT Trading Agreement.
Hi Everyone:
It was brought to my attention by more than one eagle-eye that there was
a typo in section 13.1 of the Enabling Agreement.  The PUCT substantive rule
was 25 not 26.  Attached is the corrected document.  The admin office has
this corrected version as well.
Sorry for any problems.
Margaret Pemberton
Pemberton & Associates
Please note new email address: pemlaw@austin.rr.com
- ERCOT WHOLESALE ENABLING AGREEMENT BoardApproved91099.doc
Marty
Despite best eforts, I have not been ableto revie the definition yet and 
likely won't before Tuesday when I'm in DC.  I'll let you know when 
finished.  Thanks
Elizabeth
More on the subject, which I haven't reviewed - let me know what you think Comes from a guy who is very nice and attentive at Citizens but ...  Happy 
Days Off
Geoff Mathews  I've rewritten Schedule C as I think we would like to see it.  This draft
defines firm power as we're used to seeing it in the East, and places a
separate requirement on one of the parties to provide minimum operating
reserves.  I wasn't sure who should be the default provider of the reserves;
however, I'm inclined to think it should be the Buyer.  Please take a look
at the attached document and let me know if you have any comments.  I
haven't circulated this to anyone else yet, and probably won't until I hear
back from you.  Thanks to all of you.
Happy Thanksgiving!
- WSPP Schedule C - Revised.doc
Article as per my voice mail.
Thanks 
Elizabeth
36349
Elizabeth Sager has been working on the EEI contract for Enron.
Christi, this is generating a lot of interest!
  By Mark Golden