+
+
thanks for sending that chain letter.  i am supersticious.
you can't send it back.  those chain letters don't work like that.  what type 
of car did you buy?  i cant wait to see it and take it out on the town to 
pick up chicks when i come home.
did you and mike go to maiden voyage?
teacher of the year
i won't be able to play friday.  i leave at 530pm.  i will check on job stuff 
today.  i will probably need you to email your resume to me when you get a 
chance.
oohh la la.  who was your "friend"?  did you guys read those stories 
together?  i am good.  i am ready for vegas baby!  it is going to be epic.
don't mess with married men.  that is bad karma.
i gave her a thrill.
two married guys?
are you looking to get in to i.t. again or more of a commercial role?
home wrecker.
send me your resume and i will get it to some people in both groups.  call me 
tonight and we can discuss this.
friday.  i am gonna pick me up a call girl and act out dirty fantasies all 
weekend.  i want to be dressed in diapers and spanked like a bad boy.  i want 
to have my diapers changed.  how much do you think all that would cost?
i got your email address.  hope you had a great new years.
love matt
it won't really go through him b/c he doesn't do the hiring 
when i am married i want a girlfriend
aaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhh!  them is jus jokes
i was thinking a little younger
dem is jus jokes
i have a trade for you that will give you one more pick.  you give me your 
2nd round pick and i will give you my 3rd rd & 6th rd picks.  two for 
one-zies.  let me know what you think.
the best moment of your life
cool.  i will be home by 8 tonight
do you want to make a trade for your 2nd rd pick?
mom said you weren't feeling well.  i just wanted to send you an email to see 
how you are doing.  i hope you feel better.  hopefully you will be able to 
make it to denver.  this should make you feel better, i am still terrible at 
golf.  i shot a 100 the other day, so i think you can still take me.  i will 
be in vegas this weekend for a bachelor party but i will try to call next 
week. 
we just got that center wilkerson.  he is the best lineman in the country.
keep me up to date on his condition.  i will be in vegas this weekend so if 
anything happens please let me know.  you can reach me on my cell phone at 
713-8258410.  your car sounds great.  see you soon.
don't deny it.
i was thinking that i give you a 3rd and 4th for your 2nd
those are pretty funny.  i am going to vegas this weekend.  i will play some 
slots for you.
i will play
does that get you through the night?  thinking of the passion and heat you 
felt in the cold & frigid air in colorado.
here is something to be proud of.  i can put this on a resume.  tom, you can 
say you lived it.
Shanna Husser@EES
08/17/2000 12:09 PM
Staci Roy  LSU Is Ranked Party School Champ
Distinction Disappoints University  Officials
BATON ROUGE, La., Updated 9:13 p.m. CDT August 16, 2000 --It's a  distinction
officials at Louisiana State University wanted to avoid, but now  the word is
out: LSU has been ranked the No. 1 party school in the Princeton  Review of
the nation's top colleges.
Despite seminars on alcohol abuse and  new policies for fraternities and
sororities regarding alcohol consumption,  LSU edged out the University of
Alabama for the top spot. The University of  Texas "won" third place.
Chancellor Mark Emmert said LSU is no more a party  school than any other
university.
The Princeton ranking was disheartening  news to university officials still
shaken after the Aug. 19, 1997, death of  an LSU student who drank
excessively during a celebration of his acceptance  into a fraternity.
Brigham Young University was dubbed the top "Stone Cold  Sober" school in the
review.
The top 20 "Party Schools," according to the Princeton Review:
1.  Louisiana State University
2. University of Alabama
3. University of  Texas
4. Florida State University
5. University of Colorado
6.  University of Tennessee
7. University of California at Santa Cruz
8.  Tulane University
9. University of Wisconsin
10. Ohio University,  Athens
11. University of New Hampshire
12. University of Michigan
13.  University of Vermont
14. Ohio State University
15. New York  University
16. Lehigh University
17. Southern Methodist University
18.  University of Florida
19. University of California at Santa Barbara
20.  Union College
The top 20 "Stone Cold Sober Schools," according to the Princeton  Review:
1. Brigham Young University
2. Wheaton College
3. California  Institute of Technology
4. U.S. Naval Academy
5. U.S. Coast Guard  Academy
6. Samford University
7. Cooper Union
8. Wellesley  College
9. Mount Holyoke College
10. Calvin College
11. Haverford  College
12. Golden Gate University
13. U.S. Air Force Academy
14.  College of the Ozarks
15. Grove City College
16. Wells College
17.  Simmons College
18. Illinois Institute of Technology
19. Colorado School  of Mines
20. Rose-Hulman Institute of Technology
i haven't written all day.  sorry.  i usually just wait for you to write and 
then reply.
I will give you my 2nd, 5th, 8th  for your 2nd & 6th
you just slipped and fell b/c you were in such a hurry b/c your were so 
excited
i need to pick up my jacket tonight.  will you be there around 7?
i am going to vegas.  you always bring sex up anyway.  plus that is all we 
know of eachother.
vegas baby!  i spoke with jacques the other night.  he is going to leave a 
message with me at the desk.  so i will leave one there with you.  we are at 
harrah's accross from ceasars and mirage.  better have your game face on dog.
the theme for the weekend is " can til i can't" - drink from when i can see 
til i can't.
in
you fear it
let me think about it.  i am deep at wr.  show me a bid for griese and maybe 
something can be worked out.
do i have enough time to grow a mullet?
what about extensions or a weave?  do you think those would look natural tell me what i should wear.
no thanks
vegas was fun.  i am tired.  i had to go to portland afterwards.
great.  he can go there with all the talent in the world and get run by the 
pac-10.
ah no thanks
i am in on this
i am emailing about the football pool.  bryan hull told me to give you an 
email and you could sign me up.  just let me know what i need to do.
matt lenhart
griese for duece
Hey there, just an update on where we stand.?  We are up to 33 people that 
have responded that they are in with a few more that  I definitely expect in 
by the time games start.? Only 8 have signed in but  there is still time to 
get on the site.? I wouldn't wait till the last  second incase there are 
problems.? Let me know if you can't figure anything  out and I will try to 
help.
?
Just a few side notes...1)? Applebaum, we are  going to have to work on that 
name you signed in with...2) Susan, I will send  you a seperate email in the 
next couple of days with some help on getting on  line.
?
Anyway, don't forget to get more players.? BUT  DON'T FORGET TO HAVE THEM 
REFERENCE YOU!!!? I am receiving emails from  people I can't reference and it 
just takes a little work to figure out who they  are.? We have got all of 
them cleared up except for one that I am still  working on.? It just makes it 
alot easier if they mention you from the  begining.
?
Well, that is it for now.? Will get back to  you towards the middle of next 
week with some more updates.
?
Brook
Wow, what a response we have had so far...23  players are in (old news, more 
than that now).? WE NEED MORE  HOWEVER!!!!? Don't forget to spread the word 
if anyone you know would be  interested.? I surely expect atleast 10 more to 
join but would love alot  more.? Anyway, now to the important stuff...getting 
on the  site.
?
Unlike in years past, I feel that people are more  internet literate and can 
get signed up in a league without step by step  instructions.? So I am going 
to give you the basics and you can figure it  out from there.? I advise you 
do it sooner than later incase you have any  problems.
?
The site is www.commissioner.com.? On the home  page, you will see the?a 
place to sign into commissioner.? You must  have an account with 
commission.com to join the league.? It is the same  site we used last year 
and your name and password should still be active.?  If you don't remember 
it, you can create a new one or there is probably  somewhere that you can get 
them to email you your?username and  password.? Anyway, once you set up an 
account scroll down and select Office  Pool Manager. Our league name is 
Losers Wanted.? We also have a short name  of Loser (they might ask for that 
also, **notice no 's').? The password is  3333.
?
You should be taken to a page to pick who you  are.? Your name should not be 
in the list.? Select "new player" and  enter your name.? This should take you 
to the site.
?
Once you are in....BOOKMARK IT.? It will make  it alot easier to get to it in 
the future.? Take a look at the site.?  The three main links you will be 
using are...1)Make Picks...2)My  Picks...3)Standings.? Each week (I think 
Tuesday) commissioner.com will  enter the lines on the Make Picks page These lines will stay constant  untill they close the entries for the week (1 
hour before first kick?off,  includes Thursday games).? You can make your 
picks and change your picks on  this page.? To view your picks you can go to 
My Picks.? On Monday you  can check the Standings.? You can view it by a 
certain week or the yearly  totals.? Just click on the top on what column you 
will want to sort  by.? That is basically it.?There are other links if you 
want to check  them out...it is a great site.
?
As for the rules...the money will all be determined  as I get an exact number 
of players...ALL MONEY WILL BE PAID OUT!!!!! There will  be weekly winners 
and yearly winners (and LOSER).? The picks you make each  week will be each 
game that week, including Monday nights game.? In  addition to Monday's game, 
you will pick the Monday night total points  scored.? This tie breaker will 
determine weekly winners in case of any  ties.? The person closest to the 
total will win the tie breaker (absolute  value).? If the absolute value is 
equal, the under will beat the  over.? Example...total points is 30.? Player 
A picks 35...B picks  20...A wins.? Player A pick 35...B picks 25...B wins Don't worry, it  is real easy ?
As for the tie breaker for the season totals.?  Anyone that is tied at the 
top will use the playoffs in the NFL as our  playoffs.? I will send out the 
lines (the site won't have them) to the  players involved.? You will pick all 
four games and the person who gets the  most correct will win.? If multiple 
people tie then we will weed out and go  on to the next weeks.? If it makes 
it all the way to the superbowl, then we  will pick the game and an 
over/under as the ultimate tiebreaker.
?
Don't worry if you don't make your picks one  week.? You won't take a zero I am a softie).? Too many people  have those weeks that they can't get around 
to making there picks.? If I  gave zeros, that would kill your chances for 
the yearly total.? Anyone that  doesn't get their picks in will take all the 
AWAY teams.? I will enter  those picks after the deadline to enter picks All these games will count  to the yearly total but can not win the weekly 
prize ?
That is it for now...Oh ya, one more thing.?  You can send me a check ($50) 
to the following ?
Michael Brookner
3001 Hillcroft #508
Houston, TX 77057
?
?
PLEASE DON'T FORWARD THIS TO NEW  PLAYERS.??I WANT TO KNOW EVERYONE THAT IS 
IN.? IF YOU KNOW  SOMEONE THAT IS INTERESTED, HAVE THEM EMAIL ME AT 
BROOK@PDQ.NET.? I WILL SEND ALL THIS INFO  TO THEM WHEN I GET THERE INTEREST.
?
?
THANKS....Brook
did you go on your vacation yet?  i hope you are not on it now b/c there is a 
huge hurricane heading into the gulf.  you could end up like gilligan.
are you guys going on a date or something
i will tell him i am your pimp
woman dont ya know i'll kill ya
i will take that bet.
i don't have hbo
you should thow a rager.  congrats
i hope i have a girlfriend after i get married.  that would be nice.
did i say something wrong?
which age comment?  the one when i said that you were too old to be my 
girlfriend after i get married?
yeah baby i am in town this weekend.  i called the h.r. woman and she hasn't 
called back.  i am gonna email her your resume.  it looked good.
hey, cheer up pumpkin.  you aren't thirty yet so don't worry about it.
um, why do your knees hurt?  have you been bad?
i am always good.  i know the secret.  but i haven't put my good secret to 
use lately.
she was on howard stern and some 18 year old won a prom date with heard and 
lost his v-card.  she kind of dated him for a bit.  nice girl 
you make them.  i just don't think they will win the next two nat'l champ.
give me edgerrin
i was about to accept that.
well compared to chad i get more action than a porn star.  the secret is a 
secret.  i can't let it out.  you saw that seinfeld.
Harry-
I just offered up a trade to you.  Take a look when you get a chance and let 
me know what you think.
where are you with your family?  i went to vegas and lost money.  watch out 
for that  hurricane.  if it strenthens think of me b/c i will be happy b/c 
that will mean that gas prices increase.  we will go out and party when you 
get back.
yeah.  uh thanks for calling  at 1:30.   you sounded mollered.  where did you 
go?  who did you go out with?
make some changes and i will send it to her today.  she didn't get back to me 
but i will call her again today.  i might go tonight.  what time is it 
tonight.
just send it to me from home tonight and i will get it to the lady tomorrow let me know if you go tonight and i might tag along.
are you going to try to be an investment banker on wall street?  that would 
be cool.  i could visit & try to meet some models that i might want to marry.
i mean big 12.  i don't think they will win the next two nat'l 
championships.  texas definately won't.
i wish i lived the life of a rock star.  that would be good.  actually life 
is good.  work is going well.  do you feel better?  hopefully we can get out 
to phoenix over thanksgiving again so you can beat the tar out of me at 
golf.  here is my analogy of you & me at golf:  you are tiger woods on sunday 
and i am greg norman at the masters on sunday.  i will try to call this 
weekend.
love matt
you are in nyc?  no your not.  don't set me up with the dirty talker, i am 
afraid she would embarass me.
i hope it becomes a hurricane too.  huricanne = $$$$ for me.  call me when 
you get back from your 3 week vacation.  it must be really hard over there at 
deloit 
are you really in nyc 
you lucked out.  there isn't a hurricane.
i probably will party tomorrow b/c it is going to be the best day of work 
ever.  i actually kind of interviewed at csfb in nyc.  that would be huge if 
you got a job with them.  i know two guys that work there.   if you are in 
banking you better get used to 80-100 hours a week.  talk to you later 
holmes.
we cant go get drinks if you are in a body cast.  that would look to crazy i would be trying to pour a margarita down the opening for your mouth.  i am 
glad the weather is good.  it really doesn't matter too much about the 
hurricane.  call me when you get back.
lucky fuck
i went to woody's last night.  there was such a hottie coming in when i was 
leaving and i would have stayed but today was such a big day at work i 
couldn' t be exhausted and hung over.  she could have been my wife.  i love 
woody's when it is warm.  ken's email is kenneth.shullklapper@
Shirley Elliott >
 Kim Anderson
 Director, Purchasing / Sales Support
 Advanced Financial Solutions (AFS)
 4344 Charter Avenue
 Oklahoma City, OK  73108
 Tel:  (405) 787-1800, extn. 208
 Fax: (405) 787-8833
 andersonkr@afsimage.com
 Visit us on the Web at www.afsimage.com