Gentlemen:
 Normally I am against chain letters but this is in a good cause >
 This chain letter was started in hopes of bringing relief to tired and
 discouraged men. Unlike most chain letters, this one does not cost
 anything.
 Just send a copy of this letter to five of your friends who are equally
 tired and discontented. Then bundle up your wife or girlfriend and send
 her to the man whose name appears at the top of the list, and add your
 name to the bottom of the list.   When your turn comes, you will receive
 15,625 women.
 One of them is bound to be better than the one you already have. At the
 writing of this letter, a friend of mine had already received 184 women, 4
 of whom were worth keeping. REMEMBER this chain brings luck. One man's pit
 bull died, and the next day he received a Playboy swimsuit model.
 An unmarried Jewish man living with his widowed mother was able to choose
 between a Hooters waitress and a Hollywood supermodel.  You can be lucky
 too, but DO NOT BREAK THE CHAIN! One man broke the chain, and got his own
 wife back again.
 
Katie,  Glad I cheered you up.  Believe me, I can relate.  I could tell you 
horror stories about when I was studying for the bar exam.  I'll save those 
for some other time 
Hope all is going well and moving forward.  What always kept me going was the 
idea that in a few days or a week it would all be over and I wanted to be 
able to look back and feel that I had given the best effort I could.  That's 
all you can do.  It is typically more than enough to do very well in grades I will quit preaching now and let you get back to work 
No big plans for the Easter Weekend.  Will be here in Houston.  I actually 
have to work on Friday, but am thinking about taking a vacation day.  Sounds 
like you will probably be busy with school and family over your weekend in 
Katy, but give me a call if you feel like it.  Maybe we can do something fun.
"This too shall come to pass" - Famous quote by some dead guy.
Gerald
Here they are.  Please review.
I recieved the interconnect agreements (executed by Southern Union) this 
morning.  Attached is the form of interconnect agreement that was executed by 
Southern Union.  I will forward to Steve Schneider for execution on behalf of 
HPL.  Please let me know if you have any questions 
Jim,  Forgot to mention in the note, that we will need the drawing for 
Exhibit A to be attached to the agreement.  Thanks.
Gerald Nemec
04/19/2000 11:01 AM
I recieved the interconnect agreements (executed by Southern Union) this 
morning.  Attached is the form of interconnect agreement that was executed by 
Southern Union.  I will forward to Steve Schneider for execution on behalf of 
HPL.  Please let me know if you have any questions 
Oops.  I just found the drawing you had already sent me.  Sorry.
Gerald Nemec
04/19/2000 11:03 AM
Jim,  Forgot to mention in the note, that we will need the drawing for 
Exhibit A to be attached to the agreement.  Thanks.
Gerald Nemec
04/19/2000 11:01 AM
I recieved the interconnect agreements (executed by Southern Union) this 
morning.  Attached is the form of interconnect agreement that was executed by 
Southern Union.  I will forward to Steve Schneider for execution on behalf of 
HPL.  Please let me know if you have any questions 
Ron,  Couple of comments  1.  Enitity Name - You noted that Trailblazer is a limited partnership.  The 
name should designate limited partnership in some form (e.g. Trailblazer 
Pipeline  Company, L.P.)  Also for an LP the General Partner will need to 
sign to make it binding.  The signature block should read as follows:
Trailblazer Pipeline Company, L.P.
by its General Partner, _________________________
2.  The limitation on consequential damages limits any remedy under this 
agreement.  The only types of damages in a situation like this is really consequential.  I think it would benefit both parties to leave this 
limitation out of the agreement.
If you would like to discuss these issues, please contact me at (713) 
853-3512.  Thank You.
My comments are shown redlined.  Let me know if you have any problems with
my changes.
Per Jaime Ginsberg's request, I am forwarding our form of Confidentiality
Agreement for your review.
(See attached file: TrailBlazerCA.doc)
- TrailBlazerCA.doc
For your files.  I sent the executables to Lauri Allen.
Rodney Rogers@
04/19/2000 02:39 PM
Gerald,
As agreed, I think that we need to send Midcon first two pages of cost 
estimate to cut down on questions.  Attached is the file.  Call with 
questions.
Thanks,
Rodney 
Becky,  Not sure if anyone in Denver is on the distribution list.  If not 
Scott Sitter in Denver probably needs a copy of these docs.  Might want to 
check with him and see if anyone else in Denver needs a copy.
Regarding documents that I have had recorded in Campbell County, Wyoming, we 
are now ready to send the originals to the file room.  Are there any other 
originals that need to go with them?  Are there any other persons who may 
need a copy of the recorded document(s)?
Kim Bennick takes care of the distribution of our recorded originals after I 
have finished having them recorded.  Please let Kim know if these Wyoming 
documents should be treated differently than our normal Houston Pipe Line 
recordings.
Thanks!
-Becky
Brian Hendon@MUNICATIONS
04/20/2000 04:08 PM
Subject: The New England Journal Does Not Lie