Hi Aleck:  How did your talk go?  I hope well.  If you're refering to the PX 
study on whether to have an "as-bid" or "single-price" auction, the PX is in 
the preliminary stages of having a report prepared.  What they've done is 
assemble a "Blue Ribbon" panel of economists (as reported in the press 
accounts you've seen) to examine the issue and report back.  I'm not aware of 
a report having yet been completed by the panel and submitted to the PX Have you heard differently?  I'll poke around.
Best,
Jeff
Thanks, Delaney.  See you on Friday 
Quick comment:  Though just about everything's uncertain these days, folks 
seem to think that Legislators are likely to get very active just as soon as 
they arrive in Sacramento (next week?).  Seems that a key--if not 
dominant--part of the agenda ought to be how this group can (quickly) come to 
agreement on a comprehensive solution that it can offer to the Legislature 
and the Governor as a pragmatic and positive way out.  Sure you folks are 
very focused on this, but it struck me that the agenda looks pretty ambitious 
for a 3-hour meeting.  In any case, just a thought that I wanted to share 
Thanks and can't thank you enough for all your efforts.
Best,
Jeff
Here is CLECA's (Barbara Barkovich's) current thinking.
- CLECA proposal.doc
Here are some more prices.  Many thanks to Roger Yang.
Steven J Kean@
09/01/2000 08:27 AM
Sent by: Steven J Kean@
Look at this.  Baum finally speaks up  -- way too late.
Can somebody tell me what SDG&E's energy rate was pre-dereg?
F.Y.I.
California Lawmakers Vote to Limit Power Costs 
By Rebecca Smith 
09/01/2000 
The Wall Street Journal 
Page A4 
California lawmakers voted to extend modest relief to San Diego residents 
burdened with
high electricity bills and set the groundwork for faster construction of 
badly needed power
plants. They stopped short, however, of passing legislation that would roll 
back retail power
rates to levels seen prior to deregulation .
Late Wednesday, lawmakers sent a bill to Gov. Gray Davis that limits to 6.5 
cents per
kilowatt hour the amount that small customers of San Diego Gas & Electric 
Co. can be
charged. The utility is allowed to add power-delivery and other reasonable 
costs to that
commodity price.
The price, equivalent to a bulk power cost of $65 per megawatt hour, is far 
higher than the
average price of power for 27 of the 31 months in which California's market 
has been
deregulated. But in June and July, the average price of power obtained by 
the utility from a
state-sanctioned energy auction rose to 12 cents and 10.5 cents, 
respectively, compared
with the 2.3 cents and 2.8 cents charged in those months a year earlier.
Passed directly through to customers,the resulting bills sparked a near 
mutiny. The
rate-cap measure applies to residential and small commercial customers, as 
well as to
schools and hospitals.
In addition to the rate cap, which can be adjusted upward or downward by 
the California
Public Utilities Commission until December 2002, the legislature earmarked 
$150 million of
general-fund revenue, which can be used to subsidize San Diego power costs 
if they greatly
exceed the 6.5-cents-per-kilowatt-hour rate. For now, the utility would be 
expected to make
up any difference between revenue collected and the actual cost.
Steve Baum, chairman of Sempra Energy, parent of San Diego Gas & Electric 
Co., said the
rate-cap measure is "deeply flawed" because it limits the amount prices can 
rise but sets
no floor. That means any shortfall could grow -- without a mechanism for 
customers to pay
it down -- until the end of the rate-cap period, which could last until 
December 2002 or
December 2003.
Mr. Baum said Sempra stands to suffer an undercollection of perhaps $664 
million, provided
future prices approximate the New York Mercantile Exchange forward prices 
through
December 2002. "It's irreparably damaging to Sempra," he said because it 
"creates
tremendous uncertainty" that makes it hard for the San Diego energy company 
to finance
new projects such as a new transmission line.
The legislature also appeared likely to approve a bill speeding up the 
permit process for the
construction of new power plants, in part by beefing up staffs of 
regulatory agencies that
review the plans. 
left a message.  sense is likely won't release till post-press conference will keep trying.  jeff
Ann M Schmidt
11/29/2000 10:59 AM
Lawsuit Filed In San Diego Vs Enron For Power Mkt Abuses
11/29/2000
Dow Jones Energy Service
LOS ANGELES -(Dow Jones)- A second lawsuit is being filed in San Diego 
Superior Court Wednesday against Enron alleging the company, and others, 
overcharged California consumers more than $4 billion for electricity 
service. 
On Monday, a similar suit was filed against Dynegy Inc. (DYN), Reliant Energy 
Inc. (REI), Duke Energy North America (DUK), Southern Energy Company (SO AES Corp., Williams Energy and NRG Energy. Both lawsuits are seeking class 
action status and may be consolidated into one complaint. 
The complaints allege unfair trade practices and illegal trust activity. A 
news conference announcing the details of the lawsuit will be held Wednesday 
morning in San Diego.
Enron does not own or operate major generating units in the state, but is 
active in trading electricity here and securing long-term fixed rate 
contracts for large industrial customers. At times, Enron sells power back 
into the California Power Exchange, the market where power is bought and sold 
in the state. 
An Enron representative said he has not yet seen the lawsuit and was unable 
to comment. 
The lawsuits claim Enron and the other energy companies withheld power supply 
last summer, created shortages by selling power out of state and used 
real-time confidential data about power plant activity to drive up prices. 
The lawsuits are an attempt to force generators to refund about $4 billion 
for electricity, the amount consumers were allegedly overcharged. -By Jason 
Leopold; Dow Jones Newswires; 323-658-3874;
jason.leopold@dowjones.com
Joseph Alamo
11/29/2000 01:11 PM
Dan Walters: A power crisis imperils Davis
(Published Nov. 26, 2000) 
Gov. Gray Davis would appear to be living a charmed political life. 
California's economy is soaring, the state's tax coffers -- and Davis' own 
re-election treasury -- are bulging, voters are in a complacent mood, and 
there have been none of the devastating disasters that plagued the state 
during the early 1990s. 
There is, however, a very dark cloud casting a shadow over Davis' 
governorship: the prospect of rolling blackouts as demand for electric power 
exceeds supply, accompanied by tremendous increases in Californians' power 
bills. And how Davis handles this incipient crisis could be the hallmark of 
his first term -- and, potentially, a re-election issue in 2002. 
San Diego utility customers were hit hard last summer as their local utility 
emerged from the mandatory rate freeze imposed by the state's 1996 utility 
deregulation scheme. Davis and the Legislature responded, in effect, by 
buying some time. They enacted legislation rolling back power bills 
temporarily, but leaving it unclear whether ratepayers, taxpayers, San Diego 
Gas and Electric Co. or power suppliers would eventually eat the wholesale 
costs that led to the spikes. 
Clearly, Davis was hoping that the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission 
(FERC) would step in and force the suppliers to refund hundreds of millions 
of dollars to SDG&E and its ratepayers. And that, Davis and other politicians 
hoped, would also forestall a similar, but much larger crisis looming for 
customers of Southern California Edison and Pacific Gas and Electric Co., the 
state's two largest private utilities. The two are still operating under the 
rate freeze, but have acquired at least $5 billion in unanticipated wholesale 
power costs that they want to pass on to their ratepayers. 
Politically, FERC intervention would be the most palatable of the 
alternatives because it would place the financial onus on mostly out-of-state 
corporations that have little political standing. California politicians have 
been demonizing the power suppliers, saying they took advantage of the 
deregulation program's auction process to drive up costs far beyond reason. 
The problem for Davis and others is that FERC is not cooperating, pointedly 
refusing to intervene in a way that the governor wanted. Davis ripped into 
the FERC response during a hearing earlier this month, accusing it of 
"gutting (California's) ability to protect consumers" and proposing "new and 
completely untried market rules, making guinea pigs of California consumers 
in yet another reckless deregulation experiment Davis wants to appoint himself as the California utility customer's best 
friend, hinting that he may lead a "ratepayer revolt" if FERC continues to 
refuse to order refunds from suppliers and new price controls. But it's 
unclear what he can do concretely, since he's on record as approving the 
overall thrust of deregulation and since many of the business interests he 
has cultivated to obtain his re-election funds have benefited from having 
power suppliers compete for their business. 
Doing nothing could mean that when Southern California Edison and PG&E emerge 
from the rate freeze, they will raise rates dramatically, just as Davis is 
seeking re-election in 2002. 
The utilities seem to be offering Davis a deal: allow them to begin raising 
rates now to recover their "stranded costs" for wholesale power and they will 
avoid sticker-shock raises in 2002. 
Another option would be for Davis to spend some of the state's billions of 
surplus dollars to either ease the impact on ratepayers or put the state into 
the power supply business itself. 
The only certainty is that unless FERC reverses itself, Davis will remain on 
the hook for whatever happens -- the sort of unpredictable situation that he 
hates to encounter. 
DAN WALTERS' column appears daily except Saturday. Mail: P.O. Box 15779, 
Sacramento, 95852; phone: (916) 321-1195; fax: (916) 444-7838; e-mail: 
dwalters@sacbee.com
Hmmmm, I think you're right.  Looks like the more we can get done tonite, the 
better.  Perhaps, if we can wrap the analysis up this evening, we can do some 
serious divvying up of assigments at the end of the meeting.  Then folks can 
go off and complete the assignments between now and Sunday, which should make 
Sunday's activities pretty light.  That make any sense?
Best,
Jeff
Jacqueline Kelly  	11/29/2000 12:47 PM
Hmmm, looks like we may need to meet after the review session on Sunday 
What do you think?
Hello,
There will be a review session for the final exam. The session will be on 
11/2/00, from 10am onwards. The session will be in C135
As before, the goal will be for you to ask questions, and for us to come up 
with answers. I will not have a lecture planned in advance.
California Large Energy Consumers Association
Shoot, I'll be in Houston 
yes, i found that out yesterday, too.
I suggest a quick conference call to discuss.  How's tomorrow (Thursday) at 2 
pm work for folks?  Let me know and I'll set up a call-in number.
Can you get this kind person the info?  Thanks very much.
"ADAM KRISTENSEN"  	11/29/2000 03:32 PM
Mr. Dasovich,
Hello, my name is Adam, and I work as an administrative assistant to 
Ms. Susan Landwehr in Enron's Minneapolis satellite office.  She has 
asked me to compile an address list of several of her colleagues, 
including yourself.
Unfortunately, I have been unable to find your street address or that 
of your coworker, Mona Petrochko.  If you could email this 
information back to me, it would be much appreciated.  Thanks.
Adam Kristensen
ENRON Corp.
what's your guys' view on this?
I will send out a real legislative report next week.  In the meantime, I
thought you might appreciate a quick run-down of what actually happened in
the final hours of this year's wild legislative session.
The good news is that the public benefit charge bill passed easily with a
10-year term and no statutory harm was done.  The bad news is that utilities
captured the deregulation debate and successfully painted generators as
villains and the wholesale market as "broken."
Major legislative actions on energy matters follow.  If you have any
questions or would like a copy of final legislation, please call.
AB 995 (Wright) and SB 1194 (Sher), which extend public benefit charges for
energy conservation, renewable energy development, and RD&D, passed the
State Legislature by large margins.  Recent indications are that the
Governor will sign the bills, although interested companies should join IEP
in sending letters urging him to do so.
Power plant siting was front and center the last week of the session.  As
recently as Wednesday of this week, the bill was so bad for new power plant
development that IEP opposed the expedited siting provisions.  They were
rewritten by Republican staff and CEC attorneys to provide a 6-month process
for a mitigated negative declaration of environmental impacts that might
help those few entities that can start the process in full compliance with
local rules.  This provision is available for both combined cycle facilities
and peaking facilities.  The bill also includes a provision for four-month
approval of amendments to pending applications providing for the
installation of temporary peaking generation  on sites that will be
developed into combined cycle facilities within three years.  The CEC
expects this to apply so a single pending application.  Finally, the bill
includes language directing the CPUC and the EOB to be helpful on ISO issues
that affect the willingness self-generators to remain interconnected with
the grid.
Utility efforts to craft legislation assuring them of collection of large
negative balances in their Transition Revenue Accounts failed when they
could not reach agreement with representatives of large customer groups.  In
its place, the Legislature passed a non-binding resolution directing the
CPUC to investigate the issue and including highly offensive language on
$100 price caps and retroactive recalculation of market clearing prices.
Legislation establishing a retroactive cap on SDG&E rates and providing no
assurance of cost recovery to Sempra passed the Legislature.  Companion
legislation that most observers expect the Governor to veto provides $150
million of General Fund money to SDG&E.
A draft of so-called "sunshine" legislation surfaced late in the process.
The draft empowered the Electricity Oversight Board to collect anything it
might be interested in from the ISO, PX, utilities, generators, and
marketers and to treat the information confidentially.  The draft faced
unified opposition and did not make its way into any legislation.
AB 1002 (Wright) establishing public benefit charges on the natural gas
system passed the Legislature.  It continues to include language exempting
electricity generation from the charges.
Karen Edson
kedson@ns.net
916/552-7070
Mike:  I'll be covering all of this stuff for myself, so unless we agree in 
advance to you spending your time, I won't be expecting any bills.  If Paul's 
covering your time for the call, I think it would be great for you to 
participate.  The reaction's been pretty good thus far.
Best,
Jeff
Could you please set up a call for tomorrow at 2pm for one hour and forward 
the info to the distribution list below?  Thanks.
Jeff Dasovich
Sent by: Jeff Dasovich
11/29/2000 03:42 PM
I suggest a quick conference call to discuss.  How's tomorrow (Thursday) at 2 
pm work for folks?  Let me know and I'll set up a call-in number.
Got 'em. Thanks.
Joe:
You can expect a call from Joe Kaischkill about setting up a meeting in Sao 
Paolo to discuss your proposal.  Let me know if there's anything else that I 
can do to help.
All the best,
Jeff
mail@joesdesk.com
06/04/2001 03:30 PM
Jeff:
I did a final draft of the one-pager I sent you earlier. I am attaching it 
here as it communicates the idea better. Please send along to whomever you 
feel should recieve it and let me know when I can contact who & when. I will 
be traveling on Friday am for 1 week.
Thank you.
Joe Alcantara
- DearJeffreyIII.doc
Letter looks great.
Best,
Jeff
Here's Ackerman's weekly rant and his email address.  He'll put you on the 
distribution, and you can contact him about info on the KW memorial award.
Best,
Jeff
Gary Ackerman  	06/08/2001 03:39 AM
Please respond to foothillservices
- Freedomburrito.pdf
Susan J Mara
06/08/2001 02:22 PM
Sue Mara
Enron Corp.
Tel: (415) 782-7802
Fax:(415) 782-7854
"Daniel Douglass"  	04/24/2001 08:41 PM
Sue....this is exceptionally well-deserved, for all you do for the causes 
which Kent, and all of us, hold dear.  Congratulations!!
Dan
Please join me in congratulating Sue on her selection.  You will note
that she is not copied on this memo, but I called her this morning to
tell her the news.  She was shocked, and honored, and almost, but not
quite speechless.
gba
Here's the proposal that we talked about yesterday that I'll distribute at 
tonite's meeting.  If you have any comments, just give a holler.  Hope things 
are getting back to normal in Houston.
Best,
Jeff
Alan Comnes/ENRON@Xgate
06/11/2001 04:51 PM
DWR now has authorization to buy down load at market prices 
Press Release 
OFFICE OF THE GOVERNOR 
PR01: 285
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
06/10/2001 
GOVERNOR DAVIS ORDERS FINANCIAL INCENTIVES FOR BUSINESSES WHO CUT ENERGY USE 
Order Calls for Streamlining of Energy Demand Reduction Plans 
LOS ANGELES 
Governor Gray Davis today signed Executive Order D-39-01, which authorizes 
the California Department of Water Resources (DWR) to implement voluntary, 
emergency load curtailment programs for commercial, industrial or other large 
businesses. In exchange for agreeing to reduce electricity usage during power 
emergencies, the DWR will offer financial incentives to participating 
customers. 
"Nearly 70 percent of energy usage in California is commercial," Governor 
Davis said. "Commercial load curtailment programs can help mitigate and even 
avoid blackouts. Therefore, I am ordering the Department of Water Resources 
to implement a program that allows businesses to receive compensation if they 
voluntarily agree to reduce their energy consumption during peak periods."
The Governor's order addresses the overlapping and sometimes inconsistent 
load curtailment programs currently offered by the California Independent 
System Operator, the Public Utilities Commission, and the Investor-Owned 
Utilities. 
The DWR and the ISO will implement the programs for Summer 2001 and Summer 
2002 and the DWR will finance the customer incentives. The incentives will be 
determined by a number of factors, including the size of the customer and the 
amount of energy to be curtailed. The overall cost for the program, estimated 
to be between $50-100 million, will ultimately depend on the number of 
customers who sign up. 
Executive Order D-39-01 
GOVERNOR GRAY DAVIS ?SACRAMENTO, CALIFORNIA 95814 ? (916) 445-2841
Back to Top of Page 
Conditions of Use | Privacy Policy | E-mail Webmaster  
, 2000 State of California. Gray Davis, Governor. 
TM/2001 Hollywood Chamber of Commerce licensed by Global Icons, Los Angeles, 
CA 90034. All Rights Reserved  
Please see the attached press release from Governor Davis regarding
demand buy-down.  Please also see the Executive Order at the bottom of
the page.
0373158305.0992279028@@@@&BV_EngineID=ealleejklgkbemfcfkmchcng.0&sCatTitle=Pre
ss+Release&sFilePath=/govsite/press_release/2001_06/20010611_PR01285_exec_orde
r_load_curtailment.html&sTitle=GOVERNOR+DAVIS+ORDERS+FINANCIAL+INCENTIVES+FOR+
BUSINESSES+WHO+CUT+ENERGY+USE&iOID=15261
Thanks.  Merge away.
Best,
Jeff
Can I get a copy of the full document?  Is it ready yet?
Thanks a million.
Best,
Jeff
I'm traveling, but can call you in about 1 hour ( 10 AM CDT).
Best,
Jeff
Kevin Keeney@EES
06/15/2001 08:25 AM
Jeff,
Marty Sunde asked me to get ahold of you as soon as possible to discuss 
likely exit fee scenarios. Could we talk today?
Thanks,
Kevin Keeney
713-345-3724
Enron Energy Services
Kevin,
You may want to connect with Jeff Dasovich re: his belief on the three most 
likely alternatives for the exit fee issue and the probabilities of each Mike Day, Dasovich will have the most current info Lets see if we can't get this info quickly Thanks
Marty - the latest -
2 Direct Access bills (Bowen, Kelly) are still on the table.  Have not 
changed much since my earlier e-mail to you, except that Bowen bill now 
includes a fee to the alternate provider when a customer is "involuntarily 
returned" to the utility.  Language is attached.
- SB 27xx - mockup.doc
Right now, this legislation is awaiting the outcome of negotiations involving 
SCE and other parties (Jeff Dasovich is our rep).  Speaker Hertzberg and 
Senator Burton both have endorsed these negotiations and promised to support 
agreements the parties reach.   Jeff tells me this morning they are getting 
close to agreement on core/non-core and direct access issues but there are 
still major stumbling blocks,  mostly surrounding the going forward DWR costs 
and contracts, and the issuance of bonds to pay for them.  The bond guys see 
direct access as possible undermining the bonds.  If or once agreement is 
reached, the expectation is that enabling legislation would be crafted that 
would apply California-wide.
The general structure in the SCE discussion is this -
By Jan 1, '03, 500 kW+ customers decide to go to market or stay with utility 
for a long (5 yrs+) period.  Re-entry from market would be with up to 12 
month notice and could require customer to pay spot market price under 
utility default.   20-500 kw customers would have voluntary direct access Under 20 kw customers would have green-only voluntary direct access Recovery for past undercollections is being negotiated, but will likely 
require large customers (20 kw+)  to pay a disproportionate share of the 
costs.
This may be less than definitive, but as usual, the situation is fluid Marty and Jeremy, are you available for a Wednesday morning call with Jeff 
Dasovich? 
Also, just in case you didn't hear, the Commission is scheduled to vote on 
Thursday the 14th on an order that would suspend direct access under the 
AB1x.  The expectation is that the vote will be delayed.  Best information 
says there are not enough votes to approve direct access suspension.
Marty Sunde@EES
06/12/2001 09:29 AM
Harry (or anyone else that might know),
Can you help me understand what has gone on in the last week re:
1)  definitive view of exit fees and how they will be administered.  What is 
the probability of one proposed approach vs. others?
2) definitive view of core / non core decisions?  when are they coming?  How 
might they influence our actions with the existing contracts.  Probability of 
one proposal passing  and when David W Delainey
06/11/2001 06:02 PM
Guys, I assume that we are managing all new and old California contracts with 
this potential issue in mind.  This plus the exit fees could be a significant 
issue.   Let me know if we need a broader discussion.
Delainey
Thanks, Zenee.  I will participate by phone. 
Best,
Jeff
In particular, would be nice to know how much of the "wealth transfer" went 
to the likes of LADWP, other CA munis, Calpine, and the federal government 
(e.g., BPA, Salt River).  Finally, how much did the utilities profit from the 
high prices (i.e., from selling their excess gen into the PX 
Best,
Jeff
James D Steffes
06/14/2001 09:50 AM
Seabron 
Here is an outline of the work product we would like you to consider 
1. How much did the LACK OF POLITICAL LEADERSHIP / LUNACY cost California 
consumers?
+ LUNACY = CPUC did not accept $60/Mwh last year 
+ unwillingness to fix credit problems
+ Bad CDWR buying habits
+ other
2. Analyze key Cal ISO studies dealing with "overearning" and market abuse.
+ Methodological faults
+ Analyze Key Findings
+ Develop appropriate "Enron" responses
3. Develop framework to assist in responding to political "calls" for market 
controls
+ Understand better who "won" from the WEALTH TRANSFER
+ How much was transferred to "Texas generators"?
4. Other fixes still needed
+ A/S markets in California
+ Governance issues
+ other?
I hope this helps frame the work.
Jim
Steve:
Please review and edit as needed.  I'm on my way to airport to return to SF If you need me, please page.
Best,
Jeff
"Carl Guardino"  	06/14/2001 12:46 PM
Please respond to cguardino
After months of effort, we have succeeded in putting together a Blackout
Notification System that will provide California employers, residents, and
public safety officers with adequate time to respond to an impending rolling
blackout.
As you know, Governor Davis appointed me to the California ISO last
February. Through the leadership of our Energy Committee at the
Manufacturing Group, I introduced a motion at CAISO on March 30. The motion
stated that California needed a better Blackout Notification System than the
passive system previously in place.  After the motion passed 5-0, the ISO
and PG&E held focus groups with employers and residents throughout the state
to ask customers what they need to more adequately prepare for planned
rolling blackouts, and if possible to help prevent them from occurring.
Then, Governor Davis stepped in and directed ISO, the Office of Emergency
Services, and the Energy Oversight Board to work with the utilities to build
a proactive notification system.  This system provides not only a 1-hour
advanced warning before a blackout could occur, but to also includes 48 and
24-hour notices that blackouts might happen due to predicted hot weather
conditions, and/or a lack of energy supply, or planned and unplanned
maintenance at generation facilities.  The proactive approach sought by
Governor Davis and by my motion at CAISO will include a system by which
residents and employers can have their extensive contact information such
e-mails, pagers, and cell phones listed in a database.  All contacts can
receive a 48, 24 and 1-hour automatic notification in advance.
What is particularly exciting about this proactive approach is that we can
better prepare for a blackout with adequate time to power down assembly
lines and computers, and power up emergency generators. We can also prevent
a blackout by taking action within that hour which reduces load and can even
help avoid blackouts.
Again, kudos go to the Manufacturing Group's Energy Committee for pushing
this plan last February to take to the CAISO Board and to Governor Davis. By
expanding this plan, we can make sure an even larger window of notice is
proactively provided to Californians.  The plan will be rolled out publicly
tomorrow (Friday, June 15, 2001) and incrementally implemented as soon as
possible. We will soon provide further updates on how employers throughout
the Valley and state on how they can register in the new database for this
proactive notification system.
Sincerely,
Carl Guardino
- winmail.dat
I can poke around---most of the associations in that group are in the 
negotiations I'm stuck in.  I'll let you know what I hear.
Best,
Jeff
Karen Denne
06/15/2001 09:49 AM
Do we have any contact w/ the Coalition for Energy Action -- the new business 
group led by the California Chamber?  We need to be part of that group to at 
least know what they're doing and what messages they're spinning.  Let me 
know, and we can add them into our target CEO database. thx.kd
Joe, meet Joe.  My apologies.  I've had trouble getting contact information 
for Joe (Kaishkill).  Joe  K. could you confirm that you've received this 
note.  Also, I left you Joe A.'s phone contact numbers on your Houston 
voicemail last week.  Joe A. could you please send Joe K. your contact 
numbers again?  Thanks very much 
If there's anything else either of you need, please don't hesitate to let me 
know.
All the best,
Jeff
mail@joesdesk.com
06/18/2001 09:20 AM
Hello Jeff:
I am back from my Asia trip and will be leaving for Brazil tomorrow. I would 
like to contact Joe Kaischkill in anticipation of my trip to schedule time 
with him. Could I get a contact # or email to intitiate contact?
Thanks for your help once again.
,
Joe Alcantara
the pleasure was all ours.  prentice and i may be staying at your place 
tonite--if that's ok.
Nancy Sellers  	06/18/2001 10:33 AM
You guys were so great and so much help yesterday that I hardly had a chance
to nag Eldon at all - oh, that's right - it was Father's Day - wasn't it 
Really thanks a lot!   You certainly helped make it a fun time - but there
wasn't any music!
Nancy
(707) 251-4870 (phone)
(707) 265-5446 (fax)
"Plus je bois, mieux je chante"
I'm very interested and will try to commit soon.
Best,
Jeff
"Amy Gustafson Finch"  	06/18/2001 10:55 AM
Please respond to afinch
Thanks Madeleine.  What a great picture and so perfect for Lari to marry on
horseback!
Here's the tally for the weekend of Sept. 23 and preferred riding schedules:
Cal and me -- at least Sat and Sun, prefer 1/2 day ride each day, one on
beach, one in forest, but also okay with one full day forest (Sat) and half
day beach (Sun).
Madeleine  -- all day Sat. and 1/2 day Sun.
Pippa Murray -- interested (not sure of her riding preference).
Pat -- interested but cannot commit until the date is closer.
Nora -- interested in a 1/2 day ride but cannot commit until date is closer.
Not interested in "man from snowy river" route.
Alice -- can't make it.
I have not heard from the others.  Anyone else want to join?
Accommodations:   Because of the uncertain numbers, it looks like getting a
house to rent would not work.  As for B&B or hotel accommodations, I think I
might prefer being closer to Fort Bragg than Howard Creek Ranch.  It might
make sense to reserve rooms at a couple of places and decide later when
we've heard more definitively from the group....  I'll scout around this
week and see what's still available, and let you all know.
Riding:  Based on the above, unless someone tells me differently today, I'll
tell the ranch we have five people for an all-day Sat (Cal, me, Madeleine,
Pippa, Pat), and six for half-day Sunday (same plus Nora).  We can always
cancel later if we have to.
Tally ho!
Amy
"McMorrow, Thomas"  	06/18/2001 04:58 PM
OFFICE OF THE GOVERNOR 
PR01:295
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
06/18/2001 
GOVERNOR DAVIS ANNOUNCES AGREEMENT WITH SDG&E, SEMPRA ENERGY 
$400-$12,000 Per Customer Balloon Payment Eliminated, No Additional Rate
Increases Required to Pay Off Undercollection 
SACRAMENTO 
Governor Gray Davis today announced an agreement with San Diego Gas &
Electric and the utility's parent company, Sempra Energy, that will erase a
$747 million balloon payment facing the utility's three million customers. 
"The balloon is burst," Governor Davis said. "Under this agreement, the
undercollection is eliminated, without any increase in rates. This is a
massive benefit to the San Diegans, the first Californians to bear the brunt
of our state's energy crisis last summer."
The Memorandum of Understanding (MOU), signed by the Department of Water
Resources for Gov. Davis with Sempra Energy and SDG&E executives while a
group of San Diego ratepayers, and State Senators Steve Peace (D-El Cajon)
and Dede Alpert (D-Coronado) looked on, includes a number of provisions to
eliminate the undercollection that could have cost each customer
approximately $750 (as much as $400 for each residential customer, $1,400
for each small-commercial customer and $12,000 for each medium-sized
commercial customer In addition, it would settle several regulatory cases before the California
Public Utilities Commission (PUC), gives the State the opportunity to
purchase 15,780 acres of environmentally-sensitive lands owned by the
company along the Colorado River, and provides below-market power to the
State through December 2010 from the San Onofre nuclear power plant. The
regulatory provisions are subject to PUC approval.
It also calls for the purchase of SDG&E's transmission lines for
approximately $1 billion, or 2.3 times book value. However, the deal is not
contingent on that purchase of SDG&E's transmission network, which includes
170 electric lines exceeding 69 kilovolts in capacity and spans
approximately 1,800 circuit miles from southern Orange County to the Mexican
border. The system also includes about 135 electric substations and
transmission interties with Southern California Edison's system at the San
Onofre Nuclear Generating Station.
"Throughout these long and complex negotiations, Governor Davis and we have
had the mutual objective of reducing the financial impact of California's
crisis on SDG&E's customers and helping the State gain more control over its
energy destiny," said Stephen L. Baum, chairman, president and chief
executive officer of Sempra Energy. "Today's agreement represents a winning
proposition for our customers, the State and our company: it reduces the
future financial burden on our customers, protects the State's economic
future, and creates a clear path for future growth and profitability for our
company. Going forward, we are committed to working with Governor Davis and
the State to implement his recovery plan."
The MOU signed today is the second with California's investor-owned
utilities. An agreement with Southern California Edison is pending approval
before the State Legislature. Unlike the Edison agreement, however, the MOU
with Sempra Energy does not need legislative approval (except for the
acquisition of transmission lines "This is an example of the good that can come when parties are responsible
and remain at the bargaining table," Governor Davis said. "This is a
balanced business transaction that benefits ratepayers and provides a stable
environment for the State's third largest utility."
Governor Davis said the MOU will not result in any additional
electric-base-rate increases for SDG&E customers to recover the $750 million
undercollection. Without the MOU, future balloon payments to recover this
sum could have been as much as $750 per customer.
The regulatory balancing account for SDG&E's undercollected power costs had
grown to approximately $750 million since September 2000, when the State
imposed a retail rate cap of 6.5 cents per kilowatt-hour, retroactive to May
2000. California state law AB 265, signed by Governor Davis last year,
provided for SDG&E's recovery of all its prudently incurred power costs, but
delegated responsibility to the PUC for determining the method and timeline
for recovery.
The agreement includes a complex package of elements to eliminate the
balloon payment, such as the settlement of the reasonableness-review case
SDG&E had with the PUC. To settle that case, the utility has agreed to
forego collecting $100 million of the balancing account. 
In addition, the agreement notes that: 
SDG&E agrees to give back 90 percent of the profits on two long-term power
contracts earned since the energy crisis flared last June. That means SDG&E
will forego collecting another $219 million in the balancing account. (The
California Department of Water Resources will purchase those contracts as of
June 1 SDG&E and its sister utility, SoCalGas, will invest at least $3 billion over
six years into capital improvements. In addition, if the State decides not
buy the transmission lines (and 
SDG&E builds the Valley Rainbow line) the utility, backed by Sempra Energy,
will put another $500 million into transmission line improvements, subject
to PUC approval). Excluding the transmission system improvements, this is an
increase of $600 million more than the utilities invested in capital
improvements in the previous five years; and 
SDG&E will drop all legal claims against the State. 
"We know that many of our customers are extremely concerned about the
potential of large balloon payments looming in the future to address our
past undercollections," said Edwin A. Guiles, group president of Sempra
Energy's regulated business units and chairman of SDG&E. "We are pleased
that today's agreement provides the framework to resolve major regulatory
issues to the benefit of our customers. Many challenges remain, but, this
agreement demonstrates that, by working together, we can surmount these
challenges in a way that benefits all the key stakeholders in California's
energy future."
The MOU also calls for the Department of Water Resources (DWR) to continue
to buy power for SDG&E through the agency until certain conditions are met.
DWR has been purchasing power for SDG&E customers since early February.
SDG&E is a regulated utility operating in San Diego and southern Orange
counties. Sempra Energy (NYSE: SRE), based in San Diego, is a Fortune 500
energy services holding company with annualized 2001 revenues of about $13
billion. Through its eight principal subsidiaries - Southern California Gas
Company, San Diego Gas & Electric, Sempra Energy Solutions, Sempra Energy
Trading, Sempra Energy International, Sempra Energy Resources, Sempra
Communications and Sempra Energy Financial - the Sempra Energy companies'
12,000 employees serve more than nine million customers in the United
States, Europe, Canada, Mexico, South America and Asia. 
Alan Comnes/ENRON@Xgate
06/18/2001 05:19 PM
I am informed the order will be effective 6/19/01, Tuesday.  The full order 
is not out.  Here is the press release.
Alan Comnes
Let's discuss further, but I believe that the tariff would be a "generic" one 
for network service, with the price, terms and conditions dependent upon the 
size and other attributes of the customer.  Not aware of any negotiated rates 
available from the US/Mex border to the burner tip in S.D.
Best,
Jeff
Kurt Lindahl/ENRON@Xgate
06/18/2001 04:31 PM
Jeff,
We've obtained a tariff filing that Sempra made with the CRE in Mexico to 
determine the transportation rates charged by Sempra International to 
transport gas in Mexico.  Can you help us determine the transport rate 
charged to move gas from the California border to the Mexican border through 
Socal and SDG&E?  I understand that SDG&E may be able to negotiate a rate 
that includes the fee paid to Socal?  Is that correct?
What I'm trying to determine is what will be the rate for us to obtain a 
backhaul from a new LNG regas terminal in Mexico, through the Sempra 
International pipeline in Mexico and through SDG&E, to an end user behind 
Socal?  Do you know how this works or do you have a suggestion on how we can 
determine the max rates, plus determine what "actual" rates have been 
negotiated?  We have discussions with Sempra this friday and want to table 
the issue of firm backhauls.
Thanks
Kurt
go ahead.  I've told her that I can't make it.
"Bill Monsen"  	02/26/2001 12:55 PM
Jeff and Alan,
Attached is a memo that presents the results of our assessment. I will be
sending a spreadsheet along in a few minutes that was used to develop the
estimates in the memo.
Please give me a call if you have any questions about this memo.
Bill  
- Undercollection assessment final.doc
"Bill Monsen"  	02/26/2001 01:03 PM
Jeff and Alan,
Here are the spreadsheets that I mentioned in my prior e-mail. They are
pretty messy. However, I have tried to flag the places in the worksheets
where there are plugged numbers rather than formulae.
Let me know if you have questions.
Bill  
- Undercollection recovery rate analysis.xls
Sorry.  Delete previous emails.  This is the final version.
Best,
Jeff
"Bill Monsen"  	03/05/2001 10:09 PM
As requested, MRW & Associates has completed a very expedited forecast of
the impact of legislative and regulatory activities on bundled service
rates for PG&E and SCE. This memorandum is attached. Also attached is the
spreadsheet used for this assignment.
Please let me know if you have questions or comments about this analysis.
,
- ENRON2.xls
- Enron Rate Forecast final.doc
Bill Monsen
MRW & Associates, Inc.
1999 Harrison Street, Suite 1440
Oakland, CA  94612
U.S.A.
(510) 834-1999 (voice)
(510) 834-0918 (fax)
wam@mrwassoc.com (e-mail)
we'll likely go to the gym (in Napa) and be back at your place around 7 That in time for dinner?
Nancy Sellers  	06/18/2001 05:53 PM
how delightful - in time for dinner?
the pleasure was all ours.  prentice and i may be staying at your place
tonite--if that's ok.
Nancy Sellers
06/18/2001 10:33 AM            Subject:     Many thanks
You guys were so great and so much help yesterday that I hardly had a
chance
to nag Eldon at all - oh, that's right - it was Father's Day - wasn't it 
Really thanks a lot!   You certainly helped make it a fun time - but there
wasn't any music!
Nancy
(707) 251-4870 (phone)
(707) 265-5446 (fax)
"Plus je bois, mieux je chante"
I'm assuming that we're not moving to fill the Sacramento position.  If this 
is correct, let me know and I'll get back to Costigan (who's the Assembly 
Republican leader's (i.e., David Cox's) Chief of Staff.
Best,
Jeff
"Costigan, Richard"  	06/19/2001 10:54 AM
Good morning
I understand that there may be an opening in California for in your
Governmental Affairs unit.  Please see attached documents.
Richard Costigan, III
Chief of Staff
Office of the Assembly Republican Leader
California State Assembly
Phone:(916) 319-2005
- Enron letter.doc
- COS resume.doc
Unless the Commission specifically asked parties to describe how active they 
intend to be, I don't see any problem with simply stating that we will be a 
party to the case.
Best,
Jeff
Scott Govenar  	06/19/2001 04:28 PM
The Senate Energy Committee is going to have an informational hearing on
the SCE MOU at 3:00 p.m. today.  I have attached the Internet link so
people can listen to the hearing on their computer.  The hearing will be
in room 112.
Best stick with 10:30 then.  Thanks.
Best,
Jeff
"Delaney Hunter"  	06/19/2001 03:49 PM
Please respond to dhunter
The CDWR review documents I passed out this morning (not included are the
three powerpoint pages from the DWR presentation which I had made copies
of).
Gary
Gary
(Embedded
image moved   (Embedded image moved to file: pic20315.pcx)
to file:
pic32170.pcx)  FOR INTERNAL USE ONLY
Barbara and Bill,
Hope your travels have (or will) return you safely.  I prepared the
following based upon our discussion last Sunday involving our collective
review of the contracts.  I provided these to the group today, with the
understanding they were darft due to the fact that neither of you have had
an opportunity to reivew.  The plan is that tomorrow, the Speaker will be
attending a portion of our meeting, and we'll present to him our findings
on the agreements.
Thanks
Gary
(See attached file: CDWR Contracts .xls)(See attached file: DWR
Comments.doc)
- CDWR Contracts .xls
- DWR Comments.doc
Nice.  I like it.  Gosh you guys are good.  Luntz stuff is on its way.
email works just fine for the PUC, but it would be good if they followed up 
with a phone call (no big deal if they don't, but would be helpful).
Best,
Jeff
=09"Dan Douglass"  =0906/18/2001 07:56 PM
=09=09=20
PG&E has filed the attached?=01&Motion for Further Proceedings  Regarding=20
Implementation of the California Department of Water Resources (DWR)  Revenue=20
Requirement Pursuant to Public Utilities Code Section 360.5 and Water  Code=20
Sections 80002.5 and 80110.=018? The Motion requests that the Commission =20
provide an opportunity for expedited evidentiary hearings and development of=20
a  formal record on the calculation, allocation, rate design and=20
implementation of  DWR=01,s revenue requirement and Fixed DWR Set-Aside under AB=20
1X and the  Commission=01,s decisions implementing AB 1X.? The Motion does not=20
request any  Commission proceedings to review the reasonableness or amount of=20
DWR=01,s revenue  requirement.? However, without hearings and a formal record on=20
the  allocation of DWR=01,s revenue requirement, PG&E contends that there is a =20
significant risk of disagreement and litigation among interested parties and=20
DWR  over the allocation of DWR=01,s revenue requirement and the revenue=20
requirement  needed by the utilities to continue serving their retail=20
customers and paying  their existing power suppliers.? The utility also makes=20
the dramatic  statement that:
?
"If it takes interested parties 24 hours a day, seven days a week locked in =20
a room together to reach this consensus and secure the revenue stream for=20
both  DWR and the utilities, PG&E is willing to devote the time, effort and =20
resources to do so."
?
With regard to DA suspension, PG&E states that, "Finally, in a June 12, =20
2001, letter to interested parties, the DWR, State Treasurer=01,s Office and =20
Department of Finance requested certain protections against customers who=20
might  seek to avoid paying DWR=01,s revenue requirement by switching to=20
alternative  energy providers under direct access programs, an issue which=20
would need to be  resolved by the Commission or the Legislature prior to=20
implementation of DWR=01,s  revenue requirement."? There is no other reference=20
to DA suspension, but  this makes it sound as if the issue would be inclujded=20
in the proceeding  proposed by PG&E.
?
Under the expedited schedule proposed by PG&E, the Commission would be  able=20
to issue a final decision on all DWR revenue requirement issues by July 26, =20
2001(although the caption for this section says July 19, the text and a=20
schedule  shows the later date).? DWR testimony would be due on June 27 and =20
intervenor and utility testimony on July 2.
?
?
?
Dan Douglass
5959 Topanga Canyon Blvd.? Suite 244
Woodland  Hills, CA 91367
Tel:?? (818) 596-2201
Fax:? (818)  346-6502
douglass@energyattorney.com
?
?
Dan Douglass
5959 Topanga Canyon Blvd.? Suite 244
Woodland  Hills, CA 91367
Tel:?? (818) 596-2201
Fax:? (818)  346-6502
douglass@energyattorney.com
?
- Blank Bkgrd.gif
- 6-18-01 PG&E Motion.doc
Not a problem.
Best,
Jeff
Glen Hass/ENRON@Xgate
06/19/2001 07:54 AM
Jeff,  Shelley forwarded this to me.  I plan to call in when not traveling to 
participate for TW.  Let me know if that's a problem Thanks.
Glen
The Government Affairs group continues to have a weekly California update 
conference call every Monday at 10:30 am (CDT).  However, we have decided to 
change the passcode information to ensure Enron privacy.  Please make note of 
the new passcode on your schedules.
Date:  Weekly on Monday's
Time:  10:30 am (CDT)
Number: 1-800-998-2462 (domestic)
703-736-7230
passcode (5330893)
Location: EB4701
Also, if you feel there is someone within Enron that should get this change 
notice, please feel free to forward this information to them.
Thanks and call me if you have any questions.
gngr
713-853-7751
Jeff Dasovich
Sent by: Jeff Dasovich
06/18/2001 05:09 PM
Joe, meet Joe.  My apologies.  I've had trouble getting contact information 
for Joe (Kaishkill).  Joe  K. could you confirm that you've received this 
note.  Also, I left you Joe A.'s phone contact numbers on your Houston 
voicemail last week.  Joe A. could you please send Joe K. your contact 
numbers again?  Thanks very much 
If there's anything else either of you need, please don't hesitate to let me 
know.
All the best,
Jeff
mail@joesdesk.com
06/18/2001 09:20 AM
Hello Jeff:
I am back from my Asia trip and will be leaving for Brazil tomorrow. I would 
like to contact Joe Kaischkill in anticipation of my trip to schedule time 
with him. Could I get a contact # or email to intitiate contact?
Thanks for your help once again.
,
Joe Alcantara
Jeff Dasovich
Sent by: Jeff Dasovich
06/08/2001 03:54 PM
Joe:
You can expect a call from Joe Kaischkill about setting up a meeting in Sao 
Paolo to discuss your proposal.  Let me know if there's anything else that I 
can do to help.
All the best,
Jeff
mail@joesdesk.com
06/04/2001 03:30 PM
Jeff:
I did a final draft of the one-pager I sent you earlier. I am attaching it 
here as it communicates the idea better. Please send along to whomever you 
feel should recieve it and let me know when I can contact who & when. I will 
be traveling on Friday am for 1 week.
Thank you.
Joe Alcantara
- DearJeffreyIII.doc
PLEASE KEEP THIS NOTE, AND THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THE NOTE CONFIDENTIAL.
As folks are aware, we have been engaged in closed-door negotiations for the 
past two weeks regarding a possible market-based solution to California's 
electricity crisis.
In the room are the major large customer groups, environmentalists, small 
customers (TURN), Independent Energy Producers, labor, the Western States 
Petroleum Association, and Enron.
The negotiations were convened by the Speaker of the Assembly (Bob Hertzberg).
When Hertzberg convened the meeting, he told the parties that he wanted to 
achieve a core/noncore structure, similar to the structure in place in 
California's gas market (i.e., large customers are required to buy gas from 
the market, with Direct Access available to all other customers).
In effect, "core" customers (rez and small business) would be served by the 
utilities' retained generating assets and QF contracts; and large customers 
would go to market The core/noncore structure would begin 1.1.03.
The negotiating group has struggled over the past two weeks, but is close 
devising a framework for core/noncore in Californis (but who pays for the 
utilities' past debts and the costs of DWR power purchased between January 
and today remain very contentious).
Unfortunately, with the release of the information regarding the DWR 
contracts last Friday, it is now clear that achieving a core/noncore 
structure will be very difficult unless something is done to mitigate the 
contracts.
The problem is that, if core is served by utility gen and QFs, and large 
customers are in the market, there is no (or very little) need for the DWR 
contracts.  Instead, they look like a signficant stranded cost.
Hertzberg and the negotiating group are looking to Enron for creative ways to 
address "the DWR contract problem" in order to prevent the contracts from 1) 
killing the core/noncore deal and 2) forcing California to accept a structure 
focused on a state power authority headed-up by David Freeman that does not 
include Direct Access.
Christian Yoder and Steve Hall are reviewing the contracts to analyze any 
"out clauses" that the buyer and/or the seller might have under the contract 
provisions.  (My cursory review of the contracts suggests that "outs" for the 
state are minimal or nonexistent.)
In addition, we've started batting around ideas about how the State might 
reform the contracts.
All this said, want to let everyone know that we have made it extremely clear 
that Enron fundamentally opposes any and all attempts to unilaterally 
abrogate anyone's contract rights.
We'd like to have a quick call tomorrow (30-60 minutes) to brainstorm some 
options that we can offer Hertzberg to handle the contracts and keep the 
core/noncore solution alive.  We'd like to try to have the the call at 1 PM 
PDT.  Please let me know if this works for you, and if it doesn't, please let 
me know if there's a time after 1 PM PDT that works for you.
Thanks,
Jeff
Glad to hear that there's a meeting set up.  My apologies again.  I'm very 
wrapped up in trying to help solve California's electricity crisis.  Don't 
hesitate if there's anything else that I can help out with.
Best,
Jeff
mail@joesdesk.com
06/19/2001 06:18 PM
Jeff:
Thanks for sending the doc back to me. I spoke with Joe and have scheduled a 
meeting with him for Thursday 11:00am at Enron's Sao Paulo office. FYI if you 
need it, his contact infor is: Joe.Kishkill@ and his phone is: 
0115511-5503-1399 X 1267.
Thanks again for your assistance
Joe
Glad to hear it.  Let me know, once you've met, if there's any there there.
Best,
Jeff
Joe Kishkill
06/19/2001 06:36 PM
...have received the e-mail, made contact, and scheduled a Thursday meeting 
life is good.
Kish
Jeff Dasovich
Sent by: Jeff Dasovich
06/18/2001 05:09 PM
Joe, meet Joe.  My apologies.  I've had trouble getting contact information 
for Joe (Kaishkill).  Joe  K. could you confirm that you've received this 
note.  Also, I left you Joe A.'s phone contact numbers on your Houston 
voicemail last week.  Joe A. could you please send Joe K. your contact 
numbers again?  Thanks very much 
If there's anything else either of you need, please don't hesitate to let me 
know.
All the best,
Jeff
mail@joesdesk.com
06/18/2001 09:20 AM
Hello Jeff:
I am back from my Asia trip and will be leaving for Brazil tomorrow. I would 
like to contact Joe Kaischkill in anticipation of my trip to schedule time 
with him. Could I get a contact # or email to intitiate contact?
Thanks for your help once again.
,
Joe Alcantara
Coulda sworn I mentioned DB when we had dinner with your guy at Bizou.
Let's talk more to discuss the latest developments.  Glad to hear that it's 
still moving along. I'm in town tonite 
You MUST keep this strictly confidential----I've know Colleen for years She's a sweet dear friend of mine.  But she's driving me fucking crazy.  I am 
very happy that you two are buddies and having fun together and that she's 
being such a big help with your wedding.  But it's going to be best for you 
and me and Colleen and Scott and Tony Blair and Oprah Winfrey and Sammy Soza, 
and everyone else, if my contact with the wonderful Ms Silva is minimized in 
the immediate future.  Don't worry about it.  No big deal. Just want and need 
you to know.  And please keep it very confidential.  Thanks.
Best,
Jeff
Cameron Sellers  	06/19/2001 06:48 PM
OK, it looks like DealBench has hit our radar screen hard here.  Can you
help me get a meeting set up with the right people??
Look like the strat sourcing group in Houston is requesting a "sand box" to
play in to test out our product.  Did you ever get a chance to put in a good
word there?
David Hoffman wrote me and said he really enjoyed spending time with you and
said you were such a smart and thoughtful guy.  Thought you might like the
compliment.  I am going to check out his house as a wedding site on Thursday
with Colleen and then go have dinner with Lisanne.  Any chance you guys want
to come along?
Write back soon 
-C
Cameron Sellers
Vice President, Business Development
PERFECT
1860 Embarcadero Road - Suite 210
Palo Alto, CA 94303
cameron@perfect.com
650.798.3366 (direct dial)
650.269.3366 (cell)
650.858.1095 (fax)
Cameron (cc: Ian),
See my response below to the email from David Hurwitz today regarding
DealBench.
My contact at DealBench is:
Suresh Raghavan, Principal (also Director of Enron Net Works)
713-853-4217
suresh.raghavan@dealbench.com
I'll leave DealBench in your hands, but please keep me advised as it relates
to Enron.  Let me know if I can be of any help Thanks,
David
FYI: Just got a direct mail piece from DealBench, LLC, a wholly owned
Enron company.  They are selling themselves as a complete RFP and
auction system 
dh  
David H,
Here's a wrapup of my meeting with DealBench two weeks ago.  I left a
voicemail for Cameron yesterday asking her how to proceed with them, as this
would become a BizDev deal with a perceived competitor.
On another note, the 2 EES Proc Mgrs that Jim F and I met with a couple of
weeks ago, mentioned that they have an initiative on the table to run a
reverse auction by July 15, and that they are considering BayBuilder.  They
said they don't care about the DealBench platform, it doesn't meet their
needs and DealBench isn't giving any better deal to Enron's business units
than they would to anyone else off the street.
Ian and I are trying to schedule a meeting next Tuesday with Proc Mgrs from
several business units along with John Gillespie from GSS in order to demo
Perfect Insight and discuss our Early Adopter Program.
David Young
Met for 45 min w Suresh Raghavan to discuss DealBench (Enron's proprietary
auction platform) and the potential for Perfect to provide complementary
solutions to their customers through EnronOnline and beyond.  We agreed that
the purpose of our discussions would not be to have him sponsor us to the
Global Strategic Sourcing unit, but only to consider Perfect as a bus dev
deal.  We would need to price ourselves as an ASP for them, but with the
liquidity they have (supposedly like $1B per day traded through
EnronOnline), this should be a no-brainer.
Suresh is the Principal of DealBench, as well as a Director of Enron Net
Works.  DealBench is one of many business units under the Enron Wholesale
Services / Enron Net Works group, including EnronOnline, ClickPaper,
MetalMarkets, and other wholesale marketplace services.  DealBench has 3
primary offerings:
* Auctioning/RFQ management
* Deal Rooms with complex negotiations tools
* Data Rooms  for sharing of secure documents such as CADs, blue prints, etc
for M&A due diligence.
We discussed the basic functionality and sophisticated math behind Perfect,
and he felt that it was worth considering further as a complementary service
offering for the DealBench platform.  He would like to arrange a demo for
him and some of his managers for the end of June or early July.
Jeff Dasovich
Sent by: Jeff Dasovich
06/19/2001 07:11 PM
PLEASE KEEP THIS NOTE, AND THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THE NOTE CONFIDENTIAL.
As folks are aware, we have been engaged in closed-door negotiations for the 
past two weeks regarding a possible market-based solution to California's 
electricity crisis.
In the room are the major large customer groups, environmentalists, small 
customers (TURN), Independent Energy Producers, labor, the Western States 
Petroleum Association, and Enron.
The negotiations were convened by the Speaker of the Assembly (Bob Hertzberg).
When Hertzberg convened the meeting, he told the parties that he wanted to 
achieve a core/noncore structure, similar to the structure in place in 
California's gas market (i.e., large customers are required to buy gas from 
the market, with Direct Access available to all other customers).
In effect, "core" customers (rez and small business) would be served by the 
utilities' retained generating assets and QF contracts; and large customers 
would go to market The core/noncore structure would begin 1.1.03.
The negotiating group has struggled over the past two weeks, but is close 
devising a framework for core/noncore in Californis (but who pays for the 
utilities' past debts and the costs of DWR power purchased between January 
and today remain very contentious).
Unfortunately, with the release of the information regarding the DWR 
contracts last Friday, it is now clear that achieving a core/noncore 
structure will be very difficult unless something is done to mitigate the 
contracts.
The problem is that, if core is served by utility gen and QFs, and large 
customers are in the market, there is no (or very little) need for the DWR 
contracts.  Instead, they look like a signficant stranded cost.
Hertzberg and the negotiating group are looking to Enron for creative ways to 
address "the DWR contract problem" in order to prevent the contracts from 1) 
killing the core/noncore deal and 2) forcing California to accept a structure 
focused on a state power authority headed-up by David Freeman that does not 
include Direct Access.
Christian Yoder and Steve Hall are reviewing the contracts to analyze any 
"out clauses" that the buyer and/or the seller might have under the contract 
provisions.  (My cursory review of the contracts suggests that "outs" for the 
state are minimal or nonexistent.)
In addition, we've started batting around ideas about how the State might 
reform the contracts.
All this said, want to let everyone know that we have made it extremely clear 
that Enron fundamentally opposes any and all attempts to unilaterally 
abrogate anyone's contract rights.
We'd like to have a quick call tomorrow (30-60 minutes) to brainstorm some 
options that we can offer Hertzberg to handle the contracts and keep the 
core/noncore solution alive.  We'd like to try to have the the call at 1 PM 
PDT.  Please let me know if this works for you, and if it doesn't, please let 
me know if there's a time after 1 PM PDT that works for you.
Thanks,
Jeff
Maureen McVicker@
08/21/2000 11:44 AM
Attached please find a sheet of pro and con statements.
- Statements.doc
Anyone in the market for a $400 hammer?
Alan:
I'd like to use the info ( i.e., "we think the contracts are $XX billion out 
of the money") in the context of the negotiations that I'm in and I'd also 
like to tell Hertzberg---it will provide a powerful and compelling case to do 
something about the contracts in order to 1) save the State's rear end and 2) 
ensure that the core/noncore structure remains alive. I wouldn't hand out any 
paper showing any analysis.  How long would it take to refine?
Best,
Jeff
Alan Comnes/ENRON@Xgate
06/19/2001 07:01 PM
I pulled the recent forward curves (confidential; not for external release 
without approval from West Power) and computed the stranded costs associated 
with the DWR contracts.  Assuming SP15 on peak (which is conservative since 
many of the contracts had off peak energy in them) the total overmarket is 
$21 billion, or $13 billion discounted at 12%.  The former number is most 
comparable to the $40+ billion DWR expenditure commitement number.
If we want to use this for any sort of external message I would like to 
refine further.
Alan
Recall that at 4:05 PM on Wednesday, June 27th, we are scheduled to see the 
Giants clobber the bums.
Please don't use this yet.  Refinements are underway by Alan Comnes, but 
wanted to give you a flavor for how underwater the DWR contracts are (if 
marked to market today).  Jim's got it , too.
Based on recent curves, $21B of the DWR contracts are stranded.  Will give 
you the update once it's done (likely tomorrow).
Best,
Jeff
Let's do it. I'll do my darnedest to make it.
Best,
Jeff
=09Jennifer Thome
=0906/20/2001 02:59 PM
=09=09=20
Jeff:
As I told you I was planning to do, I have arranged a meeting with CERA next=20
week (I will be in town for the infrastructure conference) on Wednesday, June=20
27 at 9am in the Enron office.  We will meet with Mike and Peter (see bios=20
below). Please let me know ASAP if this does not work for you.  I explained=20
to Mike that we really appreciate their research and just wanted a quick=20
meeting with them face to face.
Jennifer
Michael Zenker=20
Director, Western North America Energy=20
Oakland, CA=20
Michael Zenker has over 15 years=01, experience in the energy industry. He is an=20
expert on wholesale electricity and natural gas markets in western North=20
America. Mr. Zenker has extensive experience with California=01,s new=20
electricity market and with power generation strategy and asset divestiture.=20
He has assisted clients with retail marketing strategies and in procuring gas=20
and electricity, and gas and electric transmission capacity. Mr. Zenker was=20
most recently the Manager of Energy Trading at Southern California Edison,=20
where he was responsible for electricity and gas trading, and dispatching=20
Edison=01,s nuclear, coal, gas/oil, hydro, and power contract resources. He was=20
also responsible for natural gas transportation and storage at Southern=20
California Edison. Mr. Zenker holds an MBA and a BS in Nuclear Engineering=20
from the University of California.=20
Peter F. Moritzburke=20
Associate=20
Oakland, CA=20
Western North American energy=20
Western power markets=20
Western and regional market dynamics=20
Western wholesale electricity markets=20
Generation asset divestiture=20
Generation asset values=20
Western fundamentals analysis=20
Peter Moritzburke specializes in the analysis of western US electricity and=20
gas markets and evolving regional energy market dynamics. He has experience=20
in analyzing both US and Latin American energy markets. Prior to joining CERA=20
he worked with the Independent Energy Producers Association in California=20
assisting in negotiations of agreements for the Western Power Exchange=20
(WEPEX). Mr. Moritzburke holds a master's degree and a BA from the University=20
of California.=20
Dave and Sue Mara.  Ask Joseph to reserve the "large" conference room Thanks a bunch.
Best,
Jeff
Barely.  Missed you lots in Colorado.  You better?
Best,
Jeff
Susan Scott/ENRON@Xgate
06/20/2001 01:10 PM
Are you alive?
Jean Munoz  	06/19/2001 11:47 PM
SCE Reaches Agreement With Alternative Energy Generators
PR Newswire
06/19/01, 11:20p
ROSEMEAD, Calif., June 19 /PRNewswire/ -- Southern California Edison (SCE) 
announced today that it has reached an agreement with most of its renewable 
Qualifying Facilities (QF) power producers that addresses past payment issues 
and future pricing considerations, and creates a mechanism for ending 
numerous lawsuits.
"We believe this agreement will help bring stability to an important segment 
of California's energy market," said SCE Chairman, President & CEO Stephen E. 
Frank.
The plan was negotiated between the utility and key representatives of the QF 
industry and facilitated by Governor Gray Davis' office. To date, SCE has 
renewable energy capacity and today executed those contracts. The company 
hopes that the small number of remaining producers will also agree. Certain 
elements of the agreements are subject to the approval of the California 
Public Utilities Commission.
The plan calls for generators to provide power at a fixed price -- 5.37 
cents/kWh -- over the next five years, eliminating some of the price 
volatility that has plagued California's energy markets during the current 
crisis. The plan stays all existing legal action, and assures that no new 
legal action will be initiated unless the terms of the agreement are not met.
"The people of Edison are committed to pursuing the benefits of negotiated 
practical solutions to California's energy crisis," said Frank. "The QF 
agreement and the MOU, if approved, are critical steps toward resolving the 
crisis. A bankruptcy, in contrast, would lead to years of delay and 
uncertainty for our customers and raise serious questions about the business 
climate in California 
An Edison International company, Southern California Edison is one of the 
nation's largest electric utilities, serving a population of more than 11 
million via 4.3 million customer accounts in a 50,000-square-mile service 
area within central, coastal and Southern California. 
SOURCE Southern California Edison 
/CONTACT: Corporate Communications of Southern California Edison, 
626-302-2255/ 
Problem is that core has enough through utility retained gen and QF contracts 
and "noncore" is going to market, so they don't need any of it, which means 
it's both above market and not needed.
Phillip K Allen/ENRON@Xgate
06/20/2001 10:09 AM
jeff,
Is the problem that the energy DWR purchased is above market and not needed 
by CORE  or  just above market.  If the energy is needed by CORE wouldn't the 
deals just be blended in as costs like utility gen and QF supply?  If the 
energy is not needed now could the state sell back the excess then compute 
the exact loss and put a surcharge on rates for all or some customers that 
recoup that amount over time.  Once again there would be a CTC type recovery 
period but there would not be the risk that the market price must stay below 
a fixed price for the stranded costs to be recovered 
Phillip
PLEASE KEEP THIS NOTE, AND THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THE NOTE CONFIDENTIAL.
As folks are aware, we have been engaged in closed-door negotiations for the 
past two weeks regarding a possible market-based solution to California's 
electricity crisis.
In the room are the major large customer groups, environmentalists, small 
customers (TURN), Independent Energy Producers, labor, the Western States 
Petroleum Association, and Enron.
The negotiations were convened by the Speaker of the Assembly (Bob Hertzberg).
When Hertzberg convened the meeting, he told the parties that he wanted to 
achieve a core/noncore structure, similar to the structure in place in 
California's gas market (i.e., large customers are required to buy gas from 
the market, with Direct Access available to all other customers).
In effect, "core" customers (rez and small business) would be served by the 
utilities' retained generating assets and QF contracts; and large customers 
would go to market The core/noncore structure would begin 1.1.03.
The negotiating group has struggled over the past two weeks, but is close 
devising a framework for core/noncore in Californis (but who pays for the 
utilities' past debts and the costs of DWR power purchased between January 
and today remain very contentious).
Unfortunately, with the release of the information regarding the DWR 
contracts last Friday, it is now clear that achieving a core/noncore 
structure will be very difficult unless something is done to mitigate the 
contracts.
The problem is that, if core is served by utility gen and QFs, and large 
customers are in the market, there is no (or very little) need for the DWR 
contracts.  Instead, they look like a signficant stranded cost.
Hertzberg and the negotiating group are looking to Enron for creative ways to 
address "the DWR contract problem" in order to prevent the contracts from 1) 
killing the core/noncore deal and 2) forcing California to accept a structure 
focused on a state power authority headed-up by David Freeman that does not 
include Direct Access.
Christian Yoder and Steve Hall are reviewing the contracts to analyze any 
"out clauses" that the buyer and/or the seller might have under the contract 
provisions.  (My cursory review of the contracts suggests that "outs" for the 
state are minimal or nonexistent.)
In addition, we've started batting around ideas about how the State might 
reform the contracts.
All this said, want to let everyone know that we have made it extremely clear 
that Enron fundamentally opposes any and all attempts to unilaterally 
abrogate anyone's contract rights.
We'd like to have a quick call tomorrow (30-60 minutes) to brainstorm some 
options that we can offer Hertzberg to handle the contracts and keep the 
core/noncore solution alive.  We'd like to try to have the the call at 1 PM 
PDT.  Please let me know if this works for you, and if it doesn't, please let 
me know if there's a time after 1 PM PDT that works for you.
Thanks,
Jeff
Greetings:
This item will be up for discussion in the California negotiations tomorrow 
beginning at 10 AM.
We're going to have a call to discuss it tomorrow from 9 AM to 9:30 AM PDT You will receive a  call-in number shortly from Joseph Alamo.  If there are 
others who you think ought to participate, please feel free to invite them Thanks.
Best,
Jeff
Jeff Dasovich
Sent by: Jeff Dasovich
06/19/2001 07:11 PM
PLEASE KEEP THIS NOTE, AND THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THE NOTE CONFIDENTIAL.
As folks are aware, we have been engaged in closed-door negotiations for the 
past two weeks regarding a possible market-based solution to California's 
electricity crisis.
In the room are the major large customer groups, environmentalists, small 
customers (TURN), Independent Energy Producers, labor, the Western States 
Petroleum Association, and Enron.
The negotiations were convened by the Speaker of the Assembly (Bob Hertzberg).
When Hertzberg convened the meeting, he told the parties that he wanted to 
achieve a core/noncore structure, similar to the structure in place in 
California's gas market (i.e., large customers are required to buy gas from 
the market, with Direct Access available to all other customers).
In effect, "core" customers (rez and small business) would be served by the 
utilities' retained generating assets and QF contracts; and large customers 
would go to market The core/noncore structure would begin 1.1.03.
The negotiating group has struggled over the past two weeks, but is close 
devising a framework for core/noncore in Californis (but who pays for the 
utilities' past debts and the costs of DWR power purchased between January 
and today remain very contentious).
Unfortunately, with the release of the information regarding the DWR 
contracts last Friday, it is now clear that achieving a core/noncore 
structure will be very difficult unless something is done to mitigate the 
contracts.
The problem is that, if core is served by utility gen and QFs, and large 
customers are in the market, there is no (or very little) need for the DWR 
contracts.  Instead, they look like a signficant stranded cost.
Hertzberg and the negotiating group are looking to Enron for creative ways to 
address "the DWR contract problem" in order to prevent the contracts from 1) 
killing the core/noncore deal and 2) forcing California to accept a structure 
focused on a state power authority headed-up by David Freeman that does not 
include Direct Access.
Christian Yoder and Steve Hall are reviewing the contracts to analyze any 
"out clauses" that the buyer and/or the seller might have under the contract 
provisions.  (My cursory review of the contracts suggests that "outs" for the 
state are minimal or nonexistent.)
In addition, we've started batting around ideas about how the State might 
reform the contracts.
All this said, want to let everyone know that we have made it extremely clear 
that Enron fundamentally opposes any and all attempts to unilaterally 
abrogate anyone's contract rights.
We'd like to have a quick call tomorrow (30-60 minutes) to brainstorm some 
options that we can offer Hertzberg to handle the contracts and keep the 
core/noncore solution alive.  We'd like to try to have the the call at 1 PM 
PDT.  Please let me know if this works for you, and if it doesn't, please let 
me know if there's a time after 1 PM PDT that works for you.
Thanks,
Jeff
Jay:
I'm comfortable with our participation.
Best,
Jeff
Jay Ferry@EES
06/20/2001 03:43 PM
Jeff,
Aside from a potentially more viable purchaser of curtailment in the CDWR, 
are there any new concerns that you have with us participating in the ISO DRP 
program..... we are presently getting ready to execute contracts with 
Homestake Mining and a second EOP / Johnson and Johnson contract covering 
another 10MW of curtailment and I thought it appropriate to check with you 
(like we did prior to the first signing).  I'm primarily interested in 
whether or not you are concerned about this being consistent with our other 
efforts.
Thanks,
j
Jay Ferry
06/19/2001 07:35 AM
Summary
The California ISO has sought to provide greater security for  their 
financial commitments in the DRP Programs.
The "CDWR/CERS has concluded that it will not provide backing for the program 
as it is now designed."
"When details of a modified program design by CDWR/CERS become available, the 
ISO will permit parties with signed DRAs to "convert" to the new program by 
terminating the DRA and signing a new agreement", if they so choose.
Until then, "payments [will be] made to participants from market funds 
to DRA Section 6.2."
Enron will continue to work within the ISO program until a new program is 
defined.  At that time, we will review the alternatives, determine the best 
financial alternative and propose said alternative to our curtailable load.
See the communication at the bottom of this e-mail from the ISO for more 
specifics.
Fred Kelly
06/19/2001 06:31 AM
Jay - can you provide a short summary of what this means with respect to the 
CA ISO program?  Thx
Enron Energy Services
Mark Dobler
06/18/2001 09:15 PM
Dan Leff
06/18/2001 06:11 AM
Alan Comnes/ENRON@Xgate
06/11/2001 04:51 PM
DWR now has authorization to buy down load at market prices 
Press Release 
OFFICE OF THE GOVERNOR 
PR01: 285
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
06/10/2001 
GOVERNOR DAVIS ORDERS FINANCIAL INCENTIVES FOR BUSINESSES WHO CUT ENERGY USE 
Order Calls for Streamlining of Energy Demand Reduction Plans 
LOS ANGELES 
Governor Gray Davis today signed Executive Order D-39-01, which authorizes 
the California Department of Water Resources (DWR) to implement voluntary, 
emergency load curtailment programs for commercial, industrial or other large 
businesses. In exchange for agreeing to reduce electricity usage during power 
emergencies, the DWR will offer financial incentives to participating 
customers. 
"Nearly 70 percent of energy usage in California is commercial," Governor 
Davis said. "Commercial load curtailment programs can help mitigate and even 
avoid blackouts. Therefore, I am ordering the Department of Water Resources 
to implement a program that allows businesses to receive compensation if they 
voluntarily agree to reduce their energy consumption during peak periods."
The Governor's order addresses the overlapping and sometimes inconsistent 
load curtailment programs currently offered by the California Independent 
System Operator, the Public Utilities Commission, and the Investor-Owned 
Utilities. 
The DWR and the ISO will implement the programs for Summer 2001 and Summer 
2002 and the DWR will finance the customer incentives. The incentives will be 
determined by a number of factors, including the size of the customer and the 
amount of energy to be curtailed. The overall cost for the program, estimated 
to be between $50-100 million, will ultimately depend on the number of 
customers who sign up. 
Executive Order D-39-01 
GOVERNOR GRAY DAVIS ?SACRAMENTO, CALIFORNIA 95814 ? (916) 445-2841
Back to Top of Page 
Conditions of Use | Privacy Policy | E-mail Webmaster  
, 2000 State of California. Gray Davis, Governor. 
TM/2001 Hollywood Chamber of Commerce licensed by Global Icons, Los Angeles, 
CA 90034. All Rights Reserved  
Please see the attached press release from Governor Davis regarding
demand buy-down.  Please also see the Executive Order at the bottom of
the page.
0373158305.0992279028@@@@&BV_EngineID=ealleejklgkbemfcfkmchcng.0&sCatTitle=Pre
ss+Release&sFilePath=/govsite/press_release/2001_06/20010611_PR01285_exec_orde
r_load_curtailment.html&sTitle=GOVERNOR+DAVIS+ORDERS+FINANCIAL+INCENTIVES+FOR+
BUSINESSES+WHO+CUT+ENERGY+USE&iOID=15261
Notice to Winning Bidders in the California ISO's Summer 2001 Demand Relief
Program (DRP):
Over the last few weeks, Loads participating in the ISO's Demand Relief
Program raised the question of financial backing of payments for
participation in the program.  As you know, under the current version of the
ISO's Demand Relief Agreement (DRA), costs of the DRP are charged to metered
Demand including exports, and payments are made to participants from market
funds received from Scheduling Coordinators (SCs) on a pay-when-paid basis
pursuant to DRA Section 6.2.  In response to the concerns over backing by a
creditworthy party, the ISO approached the California Department of Water
Resources (CDWR/CERS) to provide this financial backing.
CDWR/CERS has concluded that it will not provide backing for the program as
it is now designed.  Discussions continue with CDWR/CERS and it appears that
backing may be provided, albeit for a modified program design.  The ISO will
publish details of such modified program when they become available.
With respect to Loads under Demand Relief Agreements that have been signed
by both the Load aggregator and the ISO, the Load aggregator can choose to
remain under the existing agreement's terms, which do not include credit
support.  In that case, the ISO will deem the DRA to be in full force and
effect, and subject to the uncertainty of payment timeframe under the
pay-when-paid provisions.  Alternatively, the ISO will allow Load
aggregators to terminate their Demand Relief Agreements if they provide
written notice to the ISO by June 13, 2001.  If the ISO does not receive
notice of termination from the Load aggregator by June 13, the ISO will
dispatch the Loads in accordance with the terms of the existing DRA.
With respect to Loads for which DRAs have not been signed by both the ISO
and the aggregator, the ISO is willing to go forward with the signing of
DRAs with such parties under the existing terms, which, again, do not
include credit support.  Aggregators wishing to go forward on such terms
should contact the ISO as soon as possible.
When details of a modified program design by CDWR/CERS become available, the
ISO will permit parties with signed DRAs to "convert" to the new program by
terminating the DRA and signing a new agreement.  Additionally, the ISO will
offer the same opportunity to participate in the new program to winning
bidders in the ISO DRP that choose not to sign the existing DRA.  We will
provide details regarding the new design and contract terms as soon as they
are completed.
Mike Dozier
ISO Manager of Contracts
Maureen McVicker@
08/21/2000 11:43 AM
Attached please find a sheet of principles.  We would like your suggestions
for 3 or 4 more.
- Principles 2.doc
FYI.  Hertzberg and Keeley were in the negotiations this morning.  We gave 
him an earful about this coming down the pike, and the fact that the 
contracts (which are too expensive and which no one wants) are driving 
everything and unless something gives, we can pack it up, go home and turn 
the keys over the Freeman and his bozos at DWR 
The Sacramento types are mobilized on the issue and Hertzberg said that he's 
going to meet with the Governor and call Loretta.  We meet again tomorrow at 
10 to discuss the need to get rid of the contracts and to keep DA alive I'll report back with any pertinent info.
Best,
Jeff
FYI.
"Sullivan, Glen J."  	06/21/2001 10:58 AM
Attached is the response of Southern California Gas Company to PG&E's 
A.01-06-020, which was filed yesterday.? (Hard copies were fedexed to PG&E 
and the ALJ)
-- Glen Sullivan 
Attorney for SoCalGas 
(619) 699-5162 
email:? gsullivan@semrpa.com 
? 
- 1WFT01!.DOC
Does not include gas-fired cogens.  Agreement requires PUC approval.  I 
believe that it's an all-in price, but I'll check.
Best,
Jeff
Greg Wolfe/ENRON@Xgate
06/21/2001 09:28 AM
Jeff:
Does the term renewable refer to only wind/biomass? or does it include the 
gas fired cogen's. The answer to this is extremely important? How soon can 
you answer this question? What part of the contracts require CPUC approval 
(the fixed price?) Is the fixed price the energy component only or does it 
include the capacity payment?
SCE Reaches Agreement With Alternative Energy Generators
PR Newswire
06/19/01, 11:20p
ROSEMEAD, Calif., June 19 /PRNewswire/ -- Southern California Edison (SCE) 
announced today that it has reached an agreement with most of its renewable 
Qualifying Facilities (QF) power producers that addresses past payment issues 
and future pricing considerations, and creates a mechanism for ending 
numerous lawsuits.
"We believe this agreement will help bring stability to an important segment 
of California's energy market," said SCE Chairman, President & CEO Stephen E. 
Frank.
The plan was negotiated between the utility and key representatives of the QF 
industry and facilitated by Governor Gray Davis' office. To date, SCE has 
renewable energy capacity and today executed those contracts. The company 
hopes that the small number of remaining producers will also agree. Certain 
elements of the agreements are subject to the approval of the California 
Public Utilities Commission.
The plan calls for generators to provide power at a fixed price -- 5.37 
cents/kWh -- over the next five years, eliminating some of the price 
volatility that has plagued California's energy markets during the current 
crisis. The plan stays all existing legal action, and assures that no new 
legal action will be initiated unless the terms of the agreement are not met.
"The people of Edison are committed to pursuing the benefits of negotiated 
practical solutions to California's energy crisis," said Frank. "The QF 
agreement and the MOU, if approved, are critical steps toward resolving the 
crisis. A bankruptcy, in contrast, would lead to years of delay and 
uncertainty for our customers and raise serious questions about the business 
climate in California 
An Edison International company, Southern California Edison is one of the 
nation's largest electric utilities, serving a population of more than 11 
million via 4.3 million customer accounts in a 50,000-square-mile service 
area within central, coastal and Southern California. 
SOURCE Southern California Edison 
/CONTACT: Corporate Communications of Southern California Edison, 
626-302-2255/ 
Please forward to whomever else needs it.  Thanks.
Best,
Jeff
Ann.Cohn@sce.com
06/21/2001 04:45 PM
Attached is the testimony on the revenue requirement for SCE owned
generation and contracts (including QFs) that was filed yesterday in
response to the ACR.  There was also an appendix B, which contains the
advice letter filings referred to in the testimony.  These advice letters
(1521-E, 1528-E-A, 1528-E-B and 1534-E-A) are available on the SCE website
(www.sce.com), and then clicking on Regulatory Info Center.
(See attached file: 6-20-01-sce-Letter re Testimony.doc)(See attached file:
6-20-01-sce-13.doc)(See attached file: appendix A.doc)
- 6-20-01-sce-Letter re Testimony.doc
- 6-20-01-sce-13.doc
- appendix A.doc
I'd vote to hold off.
Jennifer Thome
06/21/2001 04:47 PM
Mike had to cancel for Wednesday, but the Associate that was going to come 
with him is still available.  Do you still want to keep the meeting?
Jennifer
"Nielsen, Barbara"  	06/20/2001 07:14 PM
To all with email addresses circulated by David Anderson of PG&E in his
email of June 19 at 9:56 a.m. in this proceeding, attached is an Acrobat
version of:
PROTEST OF CALPINE CORPORATION
TO APPLICATION FILED BY PACIFIC GAS AND ELECTRIC COMPANY
filed today.  The paper version being served by first-class mail has full
letterhead and signatures.
Barbara L. Nielsen
Paralegal
Davis Wright Tremaine LLP
One Embarcadero Center, Suite 600
San Francisco, California  94111-3611
415-276-6553 direct - 415-276-6500 office-wide
415-276-4853 direct facsimile - 415-276-6599 office-wide facsimile
barbaranielsen@dwt.com
- Calpine Protest 062001.PDF
how many MWs are we re-DASRing?  jeff
Thank you.
Jennifer Thome
06/21/2001 05:12 PM
Mike:
I am sorry to hear that you will be unable to meet next week, but definitely 
understand.  Actually, it looks like my colleague Jeff Dasovich would not 
have been able to make it either.  I would still like to meet with Peter if 
that is convenient for him.  I will follow up with a call to him directly 
I hope we can try to arrange another meeting soon.
Thanks, 
Jennifer
Maureen McVicker@
08/21/2000 11:43 AM
Attached please find a sheet of facts regarding deregulation.
- Facts 2.doc
Scott Govenar  	06/21/2001 05:54 PM
Senator Dunn's investigative hearing tomorrow is going to feature two
ex-Duke employees who claim to have taken several logs which demonstrate
that Duke withheld power and did not perform appropriate maintenance.
Senator Dunn is refusing to allow Duke to defend themselves at the
hearing.  Duke may hold a press conference after the hearing.
Greetings Richard:
When you get a moment, please give me a call.
Best,
Jeff
415.782.7822
Looks good.  I talked to Fossum before they wrote them.
Best,
Jeff
James D Steffes
06/19/2001 07:53 AM
Any thoughts?
Jim
Folks -- Attached is a copy of the testimony filed by TW in California 
proceeding.  Later Joe
Tony Pryor
06/18/2001 01:14 PM
Attached is Transwestern's testimony in the referenced proceeding.
I talked to Richard today and let him know we're not filling the position 
right away.  And we had a very good conversation about the negotiations 
underway and how we can help each other out. 
Best,
Jeff
Paul Kaufman/ENRON@Xgate
06/21/2001 06:10 PM
I don't think we need a position focused solely on Sacto.
I'm assuming that we're not moving to fill the Sacramento position.  If this 
is correct, let me know and I'll get back to Costigan (who's the Assembly 
Republican leader's (i.e., David Cox's) Chief of Staff.
Best,
Jeff
Good morning
I understand that there may be an opening in California for in your
Governmental Affairs unit.  Please see attached documents.
Richard Costigan, III
Chief of Staff
Office of the Assembly Republican Leader
California State Assembly
Phone:(916) 319-2005
- Enron letter.doc   - COS resume.doc  
FYI.  Hit the wires almost immediately.  He handled it with great aplomb and 
delivered a very good speech.   He had the crowd (but for the pie throwin' 
types) squarely on his side.
Best,
Jeff
Enron CEO gets pie in the face from a protester 
?
06/21/2001 
Associated Press Newswires 
?
?
SAN FRANCISCO (AP) - A Texas energy executive got more than boos and jeers 
before starting a speech on California's energy crisis, he got a pie in the 
face. 
Jeffrey Skilling, chief executive of Houston-based Enron Corp., was nailed 
with a pie by a protester at the beginning of his speech at the Commonwealth 
Club of California. 
?
Enron has come under fire after accusations from Gov. Gray Davis and state 
officials that it and other energy companies forced electricity prices 
skyward by holding back supply. 
Enron has denied such claims, and joined other power producers in arguing 
that the state and utilities owes them billions in unpaid bills. 
Davis acknowledged that Pacific Gas & Electric Co., which has declared 
bankruptcy, and Southern California Edison together still owe generators such 
as Enron, Duke Energy, Mirant and Reliant Energy about $2.5 billion for past 
electricity sales. 
State officials countered that wholesalers charged as much as $9 billion in 
illegal overcharges dating back to May 2000. The feuding groups are to meet 
in a single room next week under a federal order to try and work out 
agreements that could determine how billions of dollars will be divided. 
I'll be off on Friday, but will be checking in for messages and will be 
equipped with pager.
Best,
Jeff
Tom Ross  	06/22/2001 05:02 PM
June 22, 2001
The Honorable Joseph Dunn
Chair, Senate Select Committee
California State Senate
Room 2080
California State Capitol
Sacramento, CA 95814
Dear Senator Dunn:
Earlier this year, you met individually with IEP and various other parties to 
explain the purpose of the Senate Select Committee?s hearing and the process 
under which they were to be conducted.  You made it very clear that you were 
planning to have fact-finding hearings based upon fundamental fairness and 
due process.  You made a further commitment that there would be no 
surprises.  Prior to today, the hearings have been conducted consistent with 
that representation.
Unfortunately, today it appears that the Committee has set a new course that 
radically departs from these previous commitments.  Today, the Committee is 
hearing testimony from several surprise witnesses.  These witnesses are 
former employees of San Diego Gas and Electric (SDG&E) under contract with 
Duke Energy for an interim period during which Duke Energy operated the 
facilities in San Diego.   It is our understanding that these former contract 
employees are alleging that the company failed to properly maintain these 
facilities, and they are alleging that Duke Energy cycled these facilities 
differently than the former owner, SDG&E.  It is also our understanding that 
Duke Energy will not be afforded the opportunity to contemporaneously 
challenge these allegations and/or provide an explanation as to the 
operational behavior of the facilities.  In short, the hearings are being 
reduced to a media event, giving credence to the unsustainable allegations of 
disgruntled ex-employees.
Respectfully, it would appear that the Committee has wandered far afield of 
its stated goals.  These hearings have the potential of identifying what went 
wrong with California?s energy policy and how to fix it.  However, this will 
only occur if this inquiry is based on informal facts and complete 
information, not innuendo and unsubstantiated allegations.  It is the pursuit 
of facts, not headlines, which will solve California?s energy crisis.  These 
facts will be revealed only in a fair process, where allegations made are 
subject to contemporaneous response 
It is our hope that today?s process is an aberration, and not a departure 
from your commitments.  The Committee is at a crossroads.  It can choose to 
engage in fact-finding and analysis, or it can be reduced to a witch-hunt in 
pursuit of headlines.  For the benefit of all Californian?s, the Committee 
should focus on fact-finding and analysis.
Sincerely,
Jan Smutny-Jones
Executive Director
"Costigan, Richard"  	06/22/2001 06:34 PM
Richard Costigan, III
Chief of Staff
Office of the Assembly Republican Leader
California State Assembly
Phone:(916) 319-2005
- Energy Emergency Timeline.pdf
Note PUC decisions that DWR (i.e., the bonds folks) say must occur.
Best,
Jeff
Davis trying to spin out of energy crisis 
Energy advisers have ruthless reputation 
Ken Garcia
Saturday, June 23, 2001 
,2001 San Francisco Chronicle 
URL: 
NN116485.DTL 
No matter how much you try to spin the facts, the truth usually topples out. 
This will explain why Gray Davis is suffering from a reality blackout, 
because no one spins harder or faster than our opaque leader, who, quite 
equitably, is suffering his own power crisis. 
Why Do You Think They Call Him Gray has an unrelenting black-and-white 
problem. How can he explain away his indecision in grappling with the energy 
crisis sooner, his inability to hammer out a deal with the utilities and 
power suppliers before they had the state handcuffed and his frantic response 
to spend $40 million in public funds to purchase future electricity without 
offering consumers the details of the pact? 
The truth is, he cannot, although he has tried mightily. And to that end he 
made one of his biggest mistakes yet -- no small feat when you consider he is 
at the center of one of the sharpest economic tailspins in California's 
history. 
Rather than tackle the issues head-on, Davis did what he has always done: use 
consultants and polling data to try and navigate the minefield of public 
opinion to put himself in the best possible light and blame others for his 
problems. It's a game Bill Clinton perfected but at which the governor is a 
mere weekend hobbyist. 
Davis' decision to hire two former Clinton-Gore spin doctors to explain away 
his role in the energy crisis has been as predictable as this summer's threat 
of rolling blackouts. If only, in this case, he could have kept his critics 
in the dark. 
While the state's taxpayers were hit with record electricity bills, Davis was 
pointing his finger at every official in the federal government who might 
conceivably have played a role in the crisis and especially those power 
suppliers in the Lone Star state who have been soaking California ratepayers 
dry. 
It is obviously true that the Bush administration has been reluctant to help 
the nation's most populous state because it voted for Al Gore in November. 
And time will probably show that the power companies in Texas and beyond were 
being Snopes-like in their dealings with the Golden State. 
But there is no getting around the fact that Davis severely exacerbated 
California's energy plight through his own inaction -- as evidenced by our 
sweltering soul mates in San Diego who were experiencing blackouts and 
spiraling electricity costs early last summer. 
Yet why suffer the facts when it's so much easier to just scramble them? 
When the energy crisis hit its peak this spring and Davis' popularity ratings 
began short-circuiting, he brought in Chris Lehane and Mark Fabiani, who had 
been as ubiquitous in the scandal-ridden Clinton administration as the stain 
on a certain intern's dress. 
The pair became so adept at parrying the thrusts of truth directed by the 
press each day that they earned the label "masters of disaster" -- which may 
be why Davis thought of them when he considered the calamity beginning to 
envelop him. If only he had considered the accompanying stink. 
Lehane and Fabiani are considered by the political cognoscenti as nothing 
less than ruthless, partisan hired guns, happy to attack anyone standing 
between them and a monthly paycheck. 
Unfortunately for Davis, the rhetorical hit men's salaries are being paid by 
California taxpayers, who are none too happy that they will be socked with 
billions of dollars in extra energy charges as a result of Davis' lack of 
leadership. 
So although Lehane and Fabiani's $30,000 monthly consulting fees may look 
paltry to a governor who has contributed to California's lost billions, it 
looks quite a bit different to those little people in the bleacher seats, 
sometimes known as California's 30 million-plus residents. 
The hiring of the disaster duo has led to a lawsuit by an anti-tax group from 
Sacramento that alleges Lehane and Fabiani are violating the state Political 
Reform Act because the gunslingers have also worked for Southern California 
Edison as consultants -- a generally accepted no-no for public officials, 
even those who worked in Washington. 
And State Controller Kathleen Connell, a fellow Democrat, has rightfully 
refused to pay state funds for the Clinton-Gore castoffs, because she said it 
is inconceivable that the two men are working on state policy -- not politics 
- - as required by law. 
Until obfuscation and misdirection become part of the official state code of 
ethics, it's fair to say Connell is on pretty firm ground. Or as one member 
of a tax protest group put it: "We are adding insult to injury to have the 
governor who feels the pressure of this crisis to spend this kind of dough 
for damage control Damage control is not supposed to incite more damage, but right now Davis is 
a metal helmet in an electrical storm. His arrogant treatment of state 
voters, his refusal to shoulder responsibility and his efforts to spin his 
way out of trouble has left even die-hard Democrats searching for a more 
palatable replacement. 
That decision will come next year when Davis is up for re-election. And the 
millions of people who chose him because he seemed a safe but dull choice 
will now realize that there is little solace in gray areas. 
Since the governor is involved, it seems apt to call it a cautionary tale. 
But by the time the spin doctors are through, it may start to sound more like 
an urban legend. 
You can reach Ken Garcia at (415) 777-7152 or e-mail him at 
kgarcia@sfchronicle.com. 
,2001 San Francisco Chronicle   Page A - 13 
Maureen McVicker@
08/21/2000 11:43 AM
Hi Steven,
Attached is the first of four documents that we have prepared for
the focus groups.  All of the exercises are works in progress and I am
sending them to you for comments. (Hopefully, we are on the right track.)
As we discussed, I am happy to fly down to Houston tomorrow so that we can
review these materials together.  If, however, you feel that we can edit the
exercises via email that's fine too. Just let me know which arrangement
makes you the most sense to you. Hope all is well.
,
Liz
- anti regulation speech.doc
If it's no cost to Enron, and if he's good and willing to commute to SF, and 
if it would be beneficial to the Company, we could certainly use the help and 
put him to work on interesting things 
But do we we want to infect someone with the lunacy of California regulation 
and then potentially infect the UK?  Seriously, we can make it work if folks 
think that it makes sense.
Best,
Jeff
skilling talk to bryson?  jeff
don't have that one--they were closed when i arrived on thursday nite and 
they said that they'd mail it to me.  i'm sure that you can get i pronto if 
you just call them.
thanks a bunch.
Best,
jeff
whatever prentice says.
Prentice Sellers  Probably.
Nancy
(707) 251-4870 (phone)
(707) 265-5446 (fax)
"Plus je bois, mieux je chante"
Thanks, John.  Couple of things 
First, I was involved with the analysis in point number one (i.e., if 
California had bought at 5 cents.....), but would be happy to discuss with 
those who worked on it.
Second, we've just about go the numbers scrubbed for #2 (working with Comnes 
and Tribolet on that analysis). Key to the "back up" on point number two will 
be internal sign off on releasing information that uses our curves as the 
benchmark in the mark to market assessment.  I'm checking with Steve Kean on 
that and will get back to you ASAP.
Best,
Jeff
John Shelk
06/26/2001 09:14 AM
Just following up on the Monday conference call discussion yesterday with 
Rick and others about nailing down the numbers and documentation so we can 
feed the Hill information on the mistakes Governor Davis made last year and 
this year on power supply contracts.
As I understand it, there are two aspects of this:
1. The offer of Enron and others last year to sell power to California 
utilities for 5 cents per kw.  Failure to accept these offers resulted in 
higher power costs in the range of $15 billion, as I recall from yesterday's 
call.
2. The long term contracts that California signed this year after taking 
actions and making statements that drove up the forward price curves are now 
under water to the tune of $20 billion.
On both counts we will be pressed for assumptions and documentation to pursue 
these arguments, which parallel the comments made by senior management in 
Capitol Hill meeting last week.  We will work on back up on this end, but we 
would greatly appreciate your assistance in this regard as well. 
With Congress out of session starting COB on Thursday, we will need 
information pulled together by tomorrow COB to get the final product in the 
hands of congressional types and others who can use it on a timely basis Thanks.
Please forward to Bev.  Thanks.
Best,
Jeff
Michael Tribolet/ENRON@Xgate
06/26/2001 07:34 AM
Much Calif Power Price Gouging Beyond FERC's Reach -ISO Updated: Monday, June 25, 2001 06:59 PM ET   Email this article to a friend! 
Printer-friendly version  
By Jason Leopold 
Of DOW JONES NEWSWIRES 
LOS ANGELES (Dow Jones)--Federal energy regulators only have the authority to 
order refunds for about a third of the $9 billion California Gov. Gray Davis 
claims energy companies have overcharged the state in the 12 months to May 
2001, documents from the state's wholesale market operator show. 
Of the total, $2.9 billion came from the May-September period the Federal 
Energy Regulatory Commission has said it can't act on, and $2.8 billion from 
the October-May period is attributable to municipal utilities over which FERC 
lacks jurisdiction, according to documents from the California Independent 
System Operator  That leaves just $3.3 billion in alleged overcharges that FERC could 
potentially order refunded - far less than the $9 billion Davis seeks. 
Talks between generators and state officials to settle billions of dollars in 
unpaid bills and issues of overcharging began Monday. Curtis Wagner, the FERC 
administrative law judge presiding over the talks, has said California will 
likely see refunds from generators, but far less than the $9 billion Davis 
expects. 
Davis said Sunday California is going to Washington, D.C., "with one goal, 
and that is to bring back $9 billion 
Nearly half that amount is attributable to municipal utilities, the ISO 
documents show. The ISO said the Los Angeles Department of Water and Power, 
for example, overcharged California $75 million between May and October. 
David Freeman, the governor's chief energy adviser and the former general 
manager of the LADWP, said the agency didn't overcharge the state, but 
conceded it profited by selling spare power to the ISO. 
Davis adviser Nancy McFadden said the state needs FERC to lay the groundwork 
for the state to seek refunds from public utilities by ordering refunds from 
corporate energy suppliers. 
But during a conference call Sunday with reporters, McFadden and Davis press 
secretary Steve Maviglio couldn't explain how the governor would go about 
getting refunds from companies whose wholesale power prices aren't regulated 
by FERC. 
Davis testified before the U.S. Congress last week that generators 
overcharged the state $9 billion and that FERC should order the refunds. 
State Sen. Jim Brulte, R-Rancho Cucamonga, has asked for an investigation 
into Davis's testimony, saying the figures were based on "shaky 
calculations 
To come up with its conclusions, the ISO compared hourly market prices 
expected under competitive market conditions. 
The ISO established a benchmark for what it determined was competitive - at 
times about $125 per megawatt-hour to $200/MWh, a fraction of actual prices 
in the market - based on the cost of natural gas and compliance with 
air-quality rules. 
The ISO, however, typically used the price of gas at California's northern 
border, according to the documents. Generators paid a higher price for the 
fuel in Southern California, raising the cost of making electricity. 
The ISO also used reports of earnings by the state's "Big Five" power 
suppliers during 2000 - earnings that for some quadrupled - to draw the 
conclusion that generators overcharged the state, according to the documents. 
The ISO attributed high power prices in part to the state's three largest 
utilities' failure to buy the power they needed in advance, leaving the grid 
operator to pick up the shortfall at the last minute, according to the 
documents. 
The ISO alleges the following companies overcharged the state by the listed 
amounts between May 2000 and February: 
The story doesn't include the list of "overchargers."  Could you forward that 
part? Thanks.
Best,
Jeff
Michael Tribolet/ENRON@Xgate
06/26/2001 07:34 AM
Much Calif Power Price Gouging Beyond FERC's Reach -ISO Updated: Monday, June 25, 2001 06:59 PM ET   Email this article to a friend! 
Printer-friendly version  
By Jason Leopold 
Of DOW JONES NEWSWIRES 
LOS ANGELES (Dow Jones)--Federal energy regulators only have the authority to 
order refunds for about a third of the $9 billion California Gov. Gray Davis 
claims energy companies have overcharged the state in the 12 months to May 
2001, documents from the state's wholesale market operator show. 
Of the total, $2.9 billion came from the May-September period the Federal 
Energy Regulatory Commission has said it can't act on, and $2.8 billion from 
the October-May period is attributable to municipal utilities over which FERC 
lacks jurisdiction, according to documents from the California Independent 
System Operator  That leaves just $3.3 billion in alleged overcharges that FERC could 
potentially order refunded - far less than the $9 billion Davis seeks. 
Talks between generators and state officials to settle billions of dollars in 
unpaid bills and issues of overcharging began Monday. Curtis Wagner, the FERC 
administrative law judge presiding over the talks, has said California will 
likely see refunds from generators, but far less than the $9 billion Davis 
expects. 
Davis said Sunday California is going to Washington, D.C., "with one goal, 
and that is to bring back $9 billion 
Nearly half that amount is attributable to municipal utilities, the ISO 
documents show. The ISO said the Los Angeles Department of Water and Power, 
for example, overcharged California $75 million between May and October. 
David Freeman, the governor's chief energy adviser and the former general 
manager of the LADWP, said the agency didn't overcharge the state, but 
conceded it profited by selling spare power to the ISO. 
Davis adviser Nancy McFadden said the state needs FERC to lay the groundwork 
for the state to seek refunds from public utilities by ordering refunds from 
corporate energy suppliers. 
But during a conference call Sunday with reporters, McFadden and Davis press 
secretary Steve Maviglio couldn't explain how the governor would go about 
getting refunds from companies whose wholesale power prices aren't regulated 
by FERC. 
Davis testified before the U.S. Congress last week that generators 
overcharged the state $9 billion and that FERC should order the refunds. 
State Sen. Jim Brulte, R-Rancho Cucamonga, has asked for an investigation 
into Davis's testimony, saying the figures were based on "shaky 
calculations 
To come up with its conclusions, the ISO compared hourly market prices 
expected under competitive market conditions. 
The ISO established a benchmark for what it determined was competitive - at 
times about $125 per megawatt-hour to $200/MWh, a fraction of actual prices 
in the market - based on the cost of natural gas and compliance with 
air-quality rules. 
The ISO, however, typically used the price of gas at California's northern 
border, according to the documents. Generators paid a higher price for the 
fuel in Southern California, raising the cost of making electricity. 
The ISO also used reports of earnings by the state's "Big Five" power 
suppliers during 2000 - earnings that for some quadrupled - to draw the 
conclusion that generators overcharged the state, according to the documents. 
The ISO attributed high power prices in part to the state's three largest 
utilities' failure to buy the power they needed in advance, leaving the grid 
operator to pick up the shortfall at the last minute, according to the 
documents. 
The ISO alleges the following companies overcharged the state by the listed 
amounts between May 2000 and February: 
I'm comfortable, so long as Rick and Paul are as well.
Best,
Jeff
Paul Dawson/Enron@EUEnronXGate
06/26/2001 04:01 AM
As Mark mentioned, I would recommend Edward Barker.  He is closely involved 
in NETA and has a good understanding of power and gas markets. I also 
wouldn't be concerned about whether CA is relevant - it is a major issue here 
and on the Continent as the EU states begin to look at security of supply and 
how they can avoid "doing a California".  Edward is sufficiently bright and 
discerning to recognise any evidence he picks up in CA for what it is.
Based on the exchange of correspondence below, I will get back to Ian 
Fletcher and ask for Edward's CV etc and indicate that we would be prepared 
to consider a role in San Francisco (with some flexibility).  Please confirm 
that you are happy for me to progress this further with the DTI.
Thanks
Paul
Paul D. - fyi.  You should also ask Ian for a copy of his CV.   thanks  mcs
I'd like to see his resume.  I don't know that California work will be 
particularly informative--given the uniqueness of that great state, but we no 
doubt can find a use for his skills.  I would want to see his CV.  It would 
be a nonstarter for me if he was unwilling to travel to SFO or Portland on 
regular basis.  However, the travel could be 3-4 days a week--i.e., he could 
travel up on Monday and go home on Thursday.  (Or some other such schedule What do you think?
Rick - I just got a call from Ian Fletcher, head of the Utilities Regulation 
unit at the UK Department of Trade and Industry.  He reports to Anna Walker, 
the Director General of Energy at the DTI.  Ian also knows Paul, and I am 
sure that he only called me because he now knew of my US location.  Anyway, 
here is what he asked:  They have a highly regarded junior civil servant, 
Edward Barker (Paul and I have both met him, and rate him high), who is 
getting married, and wants to locate to Los Angeles for a year while his 
fiance/wife completes a Ph.D. at some school there.  The UK DTI will keep 
paying him, so he is effectively free to us.  They want a relevant job/work 
experience for him.  Ian does not know about his willingness to commute 
during the week from San Francisco to LA (I told Ian we were receptive to 
these kinds of things, if all else worked out), but will check.  I think it 
would be good for Enron (Paul D. may have views on this), not only for 
endearing Enron to key relationships at DTI, but exposing a UK civil servant 
to the transparency of our regulation, US-style, cannot hurt either, as that 
is something Paul is on a long march to improve in the UK.  I would think 
challenging research, attendance at settlement conferences, some memo 
writing, etc. would be sufficient (actually, that would be a bit below the 
policy-formation role he now occupies), but do you have any thoughts?   I can 
get his CV when you need it.  thanks  mcs 
Go ahead without the gas, unless you can get into my American Express account 
and find out what those numbers are.  Thanks a million.
Best,
Jeff
Joseph Alamo
06/25/2001 07:10 PM
Jeff 
FYI:  due to a change [again] in the system for Expense Reporting, *must* 
have submitted your
current Report by Wednesday, the 27th.  Otherwise, will have to start over in 
the "new" system, however that 
will be unavailable until Monday, July 2nd ...or so I understand.
Except for whatever you incurred today, I'm current with your receipts 
*except*
whatever you spent on gas with your last (6/18 - 6/21) rental car (you noted 
it but neither indicated amount(s)
nor supplied receipts 
Thanks,
Joseph
Sent by: Enron Announcements
Concur Expense (XMS) Upgrade!
With the upgrade of Concur Expense going live on Monday, July 2, this is a 
reminder to have all of your open expense reports 
submitted and approved in the current XMS system by this Wednesday, June 27 
Logon instructions for the new Concur Expense system will be delivered via 
email to everyone on Friday, June 29th.
To review the Transition Schedule, please click on the following link  
If you have any other questions about the new upgrade, please contact the ISC 
Call Center at 713-345-4727.
Power plant siting bill to follow if you'd like it.
Bruno Gaillard
09/01/2000 12:30 PM
Do not pay attention to the sitting bill that was attached on the last 
e-mail. The attached version was older that we though. AI will be faxing you 
a copy of the final version of AB970 within a 1/2 hour.
Bruno Gaillard
09/01/2000 10:22 AM
Summary of Davis/Alpert bill AB 260
Retro-active to June 1, 2000 through December 31, 2002, 6.5 cent/kWh cap on 
the energy component for residential and small commercial customers (under 
100 kW).  The Commission has the ability to extend through 2003.  The 
Commission also has the ability to adjust the cap.
Commission can use revenues from utility-owned assets, refunds from FERC to 
offset the undercollections.  (In addition, a companion bill was passed that 
provides $150 million of general fund money to offset undercollections.)
Large commercial/industrial/agricultural customers have an opportunity to 
"opt-in" to the 6.5 cent/kWh cap with an annual true-up.
SDG&E will under a prudence review by the CPUC, which may be another source 
of funds to offset the undercollection.
Specific classes subject to cap:
Schedule A, all acute care hospitals, all public and private k-12 schools, 
all accounts on AL-TOU under 100 kW.
Attached a link to the bill
led.pdf
Summary of the rate payer relief bill AB 1156 which would 
Transfer of $150,000,000 from the general fund  to a subaccount within the 
Special Fund for Economic Uncertainties Appropriate those funds from the subaccount, to the commission, to reduce the 
adverse impact of high-cost wholesale energy purchases on certain ratepayers 
if a specified rate ceiling is in effect, and if the commission determines 
that a specified revenue shortfall would result in a ratepayer surcharge 
greater than 10%, and the electricity rates were directly linked to Power 
Exchange costs Declare that, on January 1, 2004, any remaining balance in the account would 
revert to the General Fund.
Become operative only if AB 265 is enacted, as specified.
Take effect immediately as an urgency statute Attached a link to the bill
lled.pdf
Karen:  Be sure you get from Steve or Rick or Jim or Mark the final materials 
that Luntz and Co. produced.  What I've forward to you are the "works in 
progress" pieces from last summer---all  I have.They're in the "California 
Media Strategy" binder.
Let's discuss a bit.  When you get a chance, please page me at 888.916.7184. 
Best,
Jeff
John Shelk
06/26/2001 01:22 PM
Alan and I spoke about point #2 on the comparison benchmark.  At this point, 
we may be able to just say it is based on a comparison of the contracts with 
today's forward market and gloss over the exact forward curve we used.  Of 
course if there is a way to come up with a similar number using publicly 
available data (or if we are willing to provide our numbers if pressed) then 
all the better.  In the mean time, should I hold off on using the $13.8 
billion number until I hear back from you about the conversation with Steve?
Also, do I understand correctly from Alan that the $13.8 billion figure is 
NOT comparing the long term contracts California signed with recent spot 
market prices, but rather is a comparison of the contracts to our present 
forward pricing curves?  From you e-mail, it is the latter, I take it.
As to point #1, on the deal last year, we just need a similar "back of the 
envelope" calculation on what California could have saved had California 
taken us up on the offers we and others made.  Any guidance on where to get 
that would be most helpful.
Michael Tribolet/ENRON@Xgate
06/26/2001 12:14 PM
Here are the sellers and amounts
American Electric Power Service Corp. (AEP  news   Arizona Public Service Co. (PNW   $24.6 million 
Aquila Power Corp. (ILA   $28 million 
Avista Energy Inc. (AVA   $48 million 
Automated Power Exchange: $16 million 
British Columbia Power Exchange Corp: $439 million 
Calpine Corp. (CPN   $236 million 
Constellation Power Source Inc. (CEG   $7.8 million 
Cargill-Alliant LLC: $1.4 million 
Citizens Power Sales: $557,000 
Coral Power, LLC,. a unit of Shell Oil (RD  news  $27 million 
Duke Energy Corp. (DUK   $804 million 
Dynegy Inc. (DYN   $530 million 
Enron Corp. (ENE   $39 million 
El Paso Corp. (EPG   $29 million 
El Paso Power Electric Co. (EE   $24,475 
Hafslund Energy Trading LLC: $712,528 
Idaho Power (IDA   $28 million 
Koch Energy Trading: $2.5 million 
Los Angeles Department of Water and Power: $75 million 
MDSC: $24 million 
Mieco Inc.:$1.6 million 
Morgan Stanley Capital Group (MWD   $124,644 
NewEnergy Inc.: $1.5 million 
Nevada Power Co. (SRP   $9.1 million 
PacifiCorp: $65 million 
PECO Energy Co. (EXC   $4.2 million 
Portland General Electric (ENE   $44 million 
Public Service Co. of Colorado: $14.1 million 
Public Service Co. of New Mexico (PNM   $15.5 million 
Puget Sound Energy: $24 million 
Reliant Energy Inc. (REI   $750 million 
Mirant Corp. (MIR   formerly Southern Co., $753 million 
*Sempra Energy Trading Corp. (SRE   $82 million (this number has been wiped out by the ISO) 
Sierra Pacific Power Co. (SRP   $23 million 
TEK: $11 million 
Tuscon Electric Power: $1.1 million 
UPA: $131,715 
Winston and Strawn: $11,917 
Williams Cos. (WMB   $860 million 
Total FERC jurisdictional sellers: $4.7 billion 
*Total without SETC/SDG&E: $4.6 billion 
Total FERC and Non-FERC sellers: $6.7 billion 
*Total without SETC/SDG&E: $6.6 billiion 
Total March-May overcharges: $2.3 billion 
Much Calif Power Price Gouging Beyond FERC's Reach -ISO Updated: Monday, June 25, 2001 06:59 PM ET   Email this article to a friend! 
Printer-friendly version  
By Jason Leopold 
Of DOW JONES NEWSWIRES 
LOS ANGELES (Dow Jones)--Federal energy regulators only have the authority to 
order refunds for about a third of the $9 billion California Gov. Gray Davis 
claims energy companies have overcharged the state in the 12 months to May 
2001, documents from the state's wholesale market operator show. 
Of the total, $2.9 billion came from the May-September period the Federal 
Energy Regulatory Commission has said it can't act on, and $2.8 billion from 
the October-May period is attributable to municipal utilities over which FERC 
lacks jurisdiction, according to documents from the California Independent 
System Operator  That leaves just $3.3 billion in alleged overcharges that FERC could 
potentially order refunded - far less than the $9 billion Davis seeks. 
Talks between generators and state officials to settle billions of dollars in 
unpaid bills and issues of overcharging began Monday. Curtis Wagner, the FERC 
administrative law judge presiding over the talks, has said California will 
likely see refunds from generators, but far less than the $9 billion Davis 
expects. 
Davis said Sunday California is going to Washington, D.C., "with one goal, 
and that is to bring back $9 billion 
Nearly half that amount is attributable to municipal utilities, the ISO 
documents show. The ISO said the Los Angeles Department of Water and Power, 
for example, overcharged California $75 million between May and October. 
David Freeman, the governor's chief energy adviser and the former general 
manager of the LADWP, said the agency didn't overcharge the state, but 
conceded it profited by selling spare power to the ISO. 
Davis adviser Nancy McFadden said the state needs FERC to lay the groundwork 
for the state to seek refunds from public utilities by ordering refunds from 
corporate energy suppliers. 
But during a conference call Sunday with reporters, McFadden and Davis press 
secretary Steve Maviglio couldn't explain how the governor would go about 
getting refunds from companies whose wholesale power prices aren't regulated 
by FERC. 
Davis testified before the U.S. Congress last week that generators 
overcharged the state $9 billion and that FERC should order the refunds. 
State Sen. Jim Brulte, R-Rancho Cucamonga, has asked for an investigation 
into Davis's testimony, saying the figures were based on "shaky 
calculations 
To come up with its conclusions, the ISO compared hourly market prices 
expected under competitive market conditions. 
The ISO established a benchmark for what it determined was competitive - at 
times about $125 per megawatt-hour to $200/MWh, a fraction of actual prices 
in the market - based on the cost of natural gas and compliance with 
air-quality rules. 
The ISO, however, typically used the price of gas at California's northern 
border, according to the documents. Generators paid a higher price for the 
fuel in Southern California, raising the cost of making electricity. 
The ISO also used reports of earnings by the state's "Big Five" power 
suppliers during 2000 - earnings that for some quadrupled - to draw the 
conclusion that generators overcharged the state, according to the documents. 
The ISO attributed high power prices in part to the state's three largest 
utilities' failure to buy the power they needed in advance, leaving the grid 
operator to pick up the shortfall at the last minute, according to the 
documents. 
The ISO alleges the following companies overcharged the state by the listed 
amounts between May 2000 and February: 
Much Calif Power Price Gouging Beyond FERC's Reach -ISO Updated: Monday, June 25, 2001 06:59 PM ET   Email this article to a friend! 
Printer-friendly version  
By Jason Leopold 
Of DOW JONES NEWSWIRES 
LOS ANGELES (Dow Jones)--Federal energy regulators only have the authority to 
order refunds for about a third of the $9 billion California Gov. Gray Davis 
claims energy companies have overcharged the state in the 12 months to May 
2001, documents from the state's wholesale market operator show. 
Of the total, $2.9 billion came from the May-September period the Federal 
Energy Regulatory Commission has said it can't act on, and $2.8 billion from 
the October-May period is attributable to municipal utilities over which FERC 
lacks jurisdiction, according to documents from the California Independent 
System Operator  That leaves just $3.3 billion in alleged overcharges that FERC could 
potentially order refunded - far less than the $9 billion Davis seeks. 
Talks between generators and state officials to settle billions of dollars in 
unpaid bills and issues of overcharging began Monday. Curtis Wagner, the FERC 
administrative law judge presiding over the talks, has said California will 
likely see refunds from generators, but far less than the $9 billion Davis 
expects. 
Davis said Sunday California is going to Washington, D.C., "with one goal, 
and that is to bring back $9 billion 
Nearly half that amount is attributable to municipal utilities, the ISO 
documents show. The ISO said the Los Angeles Department of Water and Power, 
for example, overcharged California $75 million between May and October. 
David Freeman, the governor's chief energy adviser and the former general 
manager of the LADWP, said the agency didn't overcharge the state, but 
conceded it profited by selling spare power to the ISO. 
Davis adviser Nancy McFadden said the state needs FERC to lay the groundwork 
for the state to seek refunds from public utilities by ordering refunds from 
corporate energy suppliers. 
But during a conference call Sunday with reporters, McFadden and Davis press 
secretary Steve Maviglio couldn't explain how the governor would go about 
getting refunds from companies whose wholesale power prices aren't regulated 
by FERC. 
Davis testified before the U.S. Congress last week that generators 
overcharged the state $9 billion and that FERC should order the refunds. 
State Sen. Jim Brulte, R-Rancho Cucamonga, has asked for an investigation 
into Davis's testimony, saying the figures were based on "shaky 
calculations 
To come up with its conclusions, the ISO compared hourly market prices 
expected under competitive market conditions. 
The ISO established a benchmark for what it determined was competitive - at 
times about $125 per megawatt-hour to $200/MWh, a fraction of actual prices 
in the market - based on the cost of natural gas and compliance with 
air-quality rules. 
The ISO, however, typically used the price of gas at California's northern 
border, according to the documents. Generators paid a higher price for the 
fuel in Southern California, raising the cost of making electricity. 
The ISO also used reports of earnings by the state's "Big Five" power 
suppliers during 2000 - earnings that for some quadrupled - to draw the 
conclusion that generators overcharged the state, according to the documents. 
The ISO attributed high power prices in part to the state's three largest 
utilities' failure to buy the power they needed in advance, leaving the grid 
operator to pick up the shortfall at the last minute, according to the 
documents. 
The ISO alleges the following companies overcharged the state by the listed 
amounts between May 2000 and February: 
American Electric Power Service Corp. (AEP  news   Arizona Public Service Co. (PNW   $24.6 million 
Aquila Power Corp. (ILA   $28 million 
Avista Energy Inc. (AVA   $48 million 
Automated Power Exchange: $16 million 
British Columbia Power Exchange Corp: $439 million 
Calpine Corp. (CPN   $236 million 
Constellation Power Source Inc. (CEG   $7.8 million 
Cargill-Alliant LLC: $1.4 million 
Citizens Power Sales: $557,000 
Coral Power, LLC,. a unit of Shell Oil (RD  news  $27 million 
Duke Energy Corp. (DUK   $804 million 
Dynegy Inc. (DYN   $530 million 
Enron Corp. (ENE   $39 million 
El Paso Corp. (EPG   $29 million 
El Paso Power Electric Co. (EE   $24,475 
Hafslund Energy Trading LLC: $712,528 
Idaho Power (IDA   $28 million 
Koch Energy Trading: $2.5 million 
Los Angeles Department of Water and Power: $75 million 
MDSC: $24 million 
Mieco Inc.:$1.6 million 
Morgan Stanley Capital Group (MWD   $124,644 
NewEnergy Inc.: $1.5 million 
Nevada Power Co. (SRP   $9.1 million 
PacifiCorp: $65 million 
PECO Energy Co. (EXC   $4.2 million 
Portland General Electric (ENE   $44 million 
Public Service Co. of Colorado: $14.1 million 
Public Service Co. of New Mexico (PNM   $15.5 million 
Puget Sound Energy: $24 million 
Reliant Energy Inc. (REI   $750 million 
Mirant Corp. (MIR   formerly Southern Co., $753 million 
*Sempra Energy Trading Corp. (SRE   $82 million (this number has been wiped out by the ISO) 
Sierra Pacific Power Co. (SRP   $23 million 
TEK: $11 million 
Tuscon Electric Power: $1.1 million 
UPA: $131,715 
Winston and Strawn: $11,917 
Williams Cos. (WMB   $860 million 
Total FERC jurisdictional sellers: $4.7 billion 
*Total without SETC/SDG&E: $4.6 billion 
Total FERC and Non-FERC sellers: $6.7 billion 
*Total without SETC/SDG&E: $6.6 billiion 
Total March-May overcharges: $2.3 billion 
Here's the full article, with the numbers attached.
Best,
Jeff
Jeff Dasovich
Sent by: Jeff Dasovich
06/26/2001 04:40 PM
Much Calif Power Price Gouging Beyond FERC's Reach -ISO Updated: Monday, June 25, 2001 06:59 PM ET   Email this article to a friend! 
Printer-friendly version  
By Jason Leopold 
Of DOW JONES NEWSWIRES 
LOS ANGELES (Dow Jones)--Federal energy regulators only have the authority to 
order refunds for about a third of the $9 billion California Gov. Gray Davis 
claims energy companies have overcharged the state in the 12 months to May 
2001, documents from the state's wholesale market operator show. 
Of the total, $2.9 billion came from the May-September period the Federal 
Energy Regulatory Commission has said it can't act on, and $2.8 billion from 
the October-May period is attributable to municipal utilities over which FERC 
lacks jurisdiction, according to documents from the California Independent 
System Operator  That leaves just $3.3 billion in alleged overcharges that FERC could 
potentially order refunded - far less than the $9 billion Davis seeks. 
Talks between generators and state officials to settle billions of dollars in 
unpaid bills and issues of overcharging began Monday. Curtis Wagner, the FERC 
administrative law judge presiding over the talks, has said California will 
likely see refunds from generators, but far less than the $9 billion Davis 
expects. 
Davis said Sunday California is going to Washington, D.C., "with one goal, 
and that is to bring back $9 billion 
Nearly half that amount is attributable to municipal utilities, the ISO 
documents show. The ISO said the Los Angeles Department of Water and Power, 
for example, overcharged California $75 million between May and October. 
David Freeman, the governor's chief energy adviser and the former general 
manager of the LADWP, said the agency didn't overcharge the state, but 
conceded it profited by selling spare power to the ISO. 
Davis adviser Nancy McFadden said the state needs FERC to lay the groundwork 
for the state to seek refunds from public utilities by ordering refunds from 
corporate energy suppliers. 
But during a conference call Sunday with reporters, McFadden and Davis press 
secretary Steve Maviglio couldn't explain how the governor would go about 
getting refunds from companies whose wholesale power prices aren't regulated 
by FERC. 
Davis testified before the U.S. Congress last week that generators 
overcharged the state $9 billion and that FERC should order the refunds. 
State Sen. Jim Brulte, R-Rancho Cucamonga, has asked for an investigation 
into Davis's testimony, saying the figures were based on "shaky 
calculations 
To come up with its conclusions, the ISO compared hourly market prices 
expected under competitive market conditions. 
The ISO established a benchmark for what it determined was competitive - at 
times about $125 per megawatt-hour to $200/MWh, a fraction of actual prices 
in the market - based on the cost of natural gas and compliance with 
air-quality rules. 
The ISO, however, typically used the price of gas at California's northern 
border, according to the documents. Generators paid a higher price for the 
fuel in Southern California, raising the cost of making electricity. 
The ISO also used reports of earnings by the state's "Big Five" power 
suppliers during 2000 - earnings that for some quadrupled - to draw the 
conclusion that generators overcharged the state, according to the documents. 
The ISO attributed high power prices in part to the state's three largest 
utilities' failure to buy the power they needed in advance, leaving the grid 
operator to pick up the shortfall at the last minute, according to the 
documents. 
The ISO alleges the following companies overcharged the state by the listed 
amounts between May 2000 and February: 
American Electric Power Service Corp. (AEP  news   Arizona Public Service Co. (PNW   $24.6 million 
Aquila Power Corp. (ILA   $28 million 
Avista Energy Inc. (AVA   $48 million 
Automated Power Exchange: $16 million 
British Columbia Power Exchange Corp: $439 million 
Calpine Corp. (CPN   $236 million 
Constellation Power Source Inc. (CEG   $7.8 million 
Cargill-Alliant LLC: $1.4 million 
Citizens Power Sales: $557,000 
Coral Power, LLC,. a unit of Shell Oil (RD  news  $27 million 
Duke Energy Corp. (DUK   $804 million 
Dynegy Inc. (DYN   $530 million 
Enron Corp. (ENE   $39 million 
El Paso Corp. (EPG   $29 million 
El Paso Power Electric Co. (EE   $24,475 
Hafslund Energy Trading LLC: $712,528 
Idaho Power (IDA   $28 million 
Koch Energy Trading: $2.5 million 
Los Angeles Department of Water and Power: $75 million 
MDSC: $24 million 
Mieco Inc.:$1.6 million 
Morgan Stanley Capital Group (MWD   $124,644 
NewEnergy Inc.: $1.5 million 
Nevada Power Co. (SRP   $9.1 million 
PacifiCorp: $65 million 
PECO Energy Co. (EXC   $4.2 million 
Portland General Electric (ENE   $44 million 
Public Service Co. of Colorado: $14.1 million 
Public Service Co. of New Mexico (PNM   $15.5 million 
Puget Sound Energy: $24 million 
Reliant Energy Inc. (REI   $750 million 
Mirant Corp. (MIR   formerly Southern Co., $753 million 
*Sempra Energy Trading Corp. (SRE   $82 million (this number has been wiped out by the ISO) 
Sierra Pacific Power Co. (SRP   $23 million 
TEK: $11 million 
Tuscon Electric Power: $1.1 million 
UPA: $131,715 
Winston and Strawn: $11,917 
Williams Cos. (WMB   $860 million 
Total FERC jurisdictional sellers: $4.7 billion 
*Total without SETC/SDG&E: $4.6 billion 
Total FERC and Non-FERC sellers: $6.7 billion 
*Total without SETC/SDG&E: $6.6 billiion 
Total March-May overcharges: $2.3 billion 
Per our conversation, here's a copy of the curves that need updating.  If 
possible, could you get them to me by tomorrow afternoon?  Sorry for the 
rush.  Gotta talk on Thursday.  I want to superimpose on the curves the 
rates  that Loretta just put in place for 500 KW and above (for Edison and 
PG&E).  Can you do that if I get you the rates?  Thanks a million.
Best,
Jeff
plz call when u have a minute.  thx, jeff  415.505.6633
thank u.
what's the total load number (i.e., kwh total) you're using to arrive at the 
numbers that we went over on the phone, and where are you getting that 
number?  thanks.
best,
jeff
no.  call me.  415.505.6633.
jeff
What's football withdrawal? =20
Howzabout we invite the pool to the napa golf course (everyone pays their own=20
way) and have a scramble, or something?  It would be a lot of fun and it=20
would give Scott and Cameron another thing to win and gloat over (that's=20
right Eldon, they're gloaters---shame on them).
=09Cameron Sellers  =0911/29/2000 06:43 PM
=09=09=20
I think its more fun to have a game on that people can watch if they want to=20
and cheer.? It=01,s also still football season so most people are happy and not=20
in football withdrawal.
?
?
Cameron Sellers
Vice President, Business Development
PERFECT
1860 Embarcadero Road - Suite 210
Palo Alto, CA 94303
cameron@perfect.com
650.798.3366 (direct dial)
650.269.3366 (cell)
650.858.1095 (fax)
?
?
Should football party be during the division championships like it was last=20
year or the weekend after the Super Bowl (the Pro Bowl)?? If it's after then=20
we could hand out all the checks including the playoff winners.? Please let=20
me know what you think ASAP.
?
Nancy
(707) 251-4870 (phone)
(707) 265-5446 (fax)
"Plus je bois, mieux je chante"
?
- image001.jpg
Alan Comnes/ENRON@Xgate
06/26/2001 12:31 PM
Here are the latest stranded cost numbers.
This analysis is based on internal curves.  Please do not release without 
approval from Belden or S. Kean.  We will try to redo the analysis using 
public forward curve numbers but in the mean time 
The biggest refinement is that I made an adjustment for the fact that many 
contracts are gas indexed and their price falls.  Both gas and electricity 
have fallen since DWR released their numbers in late May.  I was able to 
replicate the total contract cost of $41 billion, which gives me some 
confidence in the approximations I have made.
The bottom line numbers are out at columns AB to AF
Executed only, undiscounted and discounted ($million)
8,098      6,456 Executed and Agreement In Principal, undiscounted and discounted ($million)
13,840     10,639 
In otherwords, the $20 billion number I quoted earlier is down to $13.8 
billion due to the adjustment for gas costs.
Comments welcome.
plz keep confidential.  latest word---loretta will hold DA decision till 
monday to leave time for leg play. more to follow.  call if need details. 
jeff
will do. jeff
I'll see what i can do and get back to you.
Best,
Jeff
"Seabron Adamson"  	06/27/2001 10:01 AM
Please respond to seabron.adamson
Jeff:
One of my senior colleagues is visiting San Francisco on July 2nd and 3rd,
with two senior members of the government of New South Wales (Australia) in
tow. Frontier are advising the NSW government on their electric
restructuring process. My coleague Danny Price is a real star on power
markets - he has worked on it for longer than I have even.
Inevitably, these people are interested in understanding the California
meltdown. We have scheduled for them to meet a range of folks in California,
including two of the CPUC Comissioners, Lorreta Lynch's chief of staff, Cal
ISO, PG&E, one of the generators, etc. They are forewarned that the CPUC and
Davis's office will be all political bluster.
Any chance they might catch up with someone from Enron for an hour? Could
buy you a nice lunch on Monday July 2nd? Enron has a substntial operation in
Australia but I guess that is a bit out of your balliwick.
I realize this is a very late (and unusual request) so I completely
understand if it is inconvenient or impossible.
Cheers
Seabron
This e-mail, and any attachments thereto, is intended only for use by the
addressee(s) named herein and may contain legally privileged and/or
confidential information.  If you are not the intended recipient of this
e-mail, you are hereby notified that any dissemination, distribution or
copying of this e-mail, and any attachments thereto, is strictly
prohibited.
If you have received this e-mail in error, please immediately notify me at
(617) 354-0060 and permanently delete the original and any copy of any
e-mail and any printout thereof.
Seabron Adamson
Frontier Economics Inc
Two Brattle Square
Cambridge, MA 02138 USA
Ph:  (617) 354-0060
Fax: (617) 354-0640
seabron.adamson@frontier-economics.com
www.frontier-economics.com
Oddly, a much more positive (and satisfying) response than I'd imagined Congratulations.  And thanks again for your efforts.  If I don't see you, Ms 
Kahl, bon voyage, bonnes vacances, and a bientot.
Best,
Jeff
Just let me know when you want to have the call.  thanks.
Best,
Jeff
hey babe.  thanks so much for all the running around on this.  but  i got a 
room at the hyatt for $20 cheaper.  i've cancelled the mariott res.  thanks 
again.  i'm leaving for monterey around 10 am.  you can reach me by cell 
and/or pager.
best,
Jeff
Joseph Alamo
06/27/2001 02:17 PM
see attached res info.
Cynthia Biggs                                            AGENT CB/CB BOOKING REF YWBW2S
DASOVICH/JEFF
ENRON CORP
101 CALIFORNIA ST STE 1950
ENRON CORP                              SAN FRANCISCO CA 94111
MAIL ETKT RCPT
HOTEL RES ONLY
DATE:  JUN 27 2001
HOTEL                 28JUN MARRIOTT MONTEREY
29JUN 350 CALLE PRINCIPAL
MONTEREY, CA 93940
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA
TELEPHONE: 1-831 6494234
FAX: 1-831 3722968
CONFIRMATION: 83987798
REFERENCE: BAVJ00
SINGLE ROOM
RATE: *** USD 159.00 PER NIGHT
GUARANTEE GIVEN
ENRON CORP NON SMKNG KING
TO AVOID BILLING CANCEL BY 6PM DAY OF ARRIVAL.
MISCELLANEOUS         27OCT HOUSTON TX
SAT   ** THANK YOU FOR USING THE TAP  
DASOVICH/JEFF  S0C0011R1000
INTL TVLRS: CARRY SOS WALLET CARD W/ENRON ASSISTANCE INFO
CALL SOS MEDICAL EMERGENCY:IN U.S 800 523-6586
CALL SOS MEDICAL EMERGENCY:INTL 215 245-4707 (COLLECT)
I've been having a "personal field day" with it in Sacramento.
Best,
Jeff
i'm tingling with anticipation (not).
i'll share.
best,
jeff
you are dead.
Susan J Mara
06/28/2001 01:02 PM
I'm feeling better now
Sue Mara
Enron Corp.
Tel: (415) 782-7802
Fax:(415) 782-7854
"Manuel, Erica"  	06/28/2001 10:49 AM
Pls forgive my mistake - Commissioner Wood made the negative comments about
direct access., NOT Commissioner Brown.
could you pick my ticket up for me?
"Dean's Office"  	Sent by: owner-eveningmba@Haas.Berkeley.EDU
11/29/2000 06:22 PM
Please respond to "Dean's Office"
Dear Haas Students,
We still have many unclaimed tickets left for the Secretary Summers 
Research Dialogue Program "Keeping the Economy Growing" at 1:45 on Tuesday, 
December 6 in the Andersen Auditorium.
The deadline for Haas students to pick up tickets for this event is this 
Friday, December 1 at 2pm.
After the Friday deadline, we will offer all of the unclaimed tickets to 
other Cal students who have been clamoring for these tickets.
The Dean's Office is open from 9am to 5pm daily and Evening MBA students 
can pick up their tickets at the EMBA Office after 5pm.
Thanks for your cooperation!
The Dean's Staff
As you are likely aware, like last time, Enron's name won't be on the letter.
Best,
Jeff
It's about 90% certain that I'm out of the office on the 3rd.  Thank you, 
Sue, for helping out 
Best,
Jeff
"Sabine Schnittger"  	06/29/2001 09:43 AM
Please respond to Sabine.Schnittger
, Sue.
I hope I am not causing confusion - we also emailed Jeff Dasovich to
ask if he had time to talk with the Australians - he said he was going to
see what he could do.
If you or Mr Dasovich might have time to give these guys a market
participant's view that would be great - at the moment they are only seeing
the CPUC, the CAISO and PG&E.
Would you maybe have time to talk to them on Tuesday, July 3rd? They
could meet anytime between 1.00PM up to 4.00PM and then they need to head
off to the airport. Maybe they could take either of you out for lunch?
Best wishes,
Sabine.
- winmail.dat
I appreciate the efforts, but I have questions about whether Enron's presence 
does more harm than it does good.  I don't think that we want to give Wood 
and/or Brown a soap box to stand on by showing our face there.  Others may 
have a different view of it, but I think that it needs to be consumers, 
consumers, consumers.  Thoughts?
Best,
Jeff
Scott Govenar  	06/28/2001 04:51 PM
The California Chamber of Commerce received a call from someone at the
CPUC who requested that they send as many customers as possible to
testify at Tuesday's hearing in favor of direct access.   The Chamber
has requested the same thing of Enron.
FYI.  Can we get a copy?
Best,
Jeff
Officials criticize energy report 
Posted at 8:06 p.m. PDT Thursday, June 28, 2001 
BY CHRIS O'BRIEN 
Mercury News 
California's energy crisis is expected to increase unemployment, reduce 
production and aggravate an already weakening economy, according to 
researchers at the University of California-Los Angeles. 
The impact, however, will likely depend on how state officials choose to deal 
with the failed deregulation scheme. The authors of the report released 
Thursday come down heavily in favor of lifting price controls and 
dramatically increasing the price consumers pay as a way to reduce the 
economic fallout. 
``California's economy is sufficiently large and dynamic that it will weather 
the current power crisis without being derailed,'' the report says. 
``However, our analysis reveals that this impact can be moderated by an 
approach that does not shift today's problems to tomorrow The study, ``Short Circuit: Will the California Energy Crisis Derail the 
State's Economy,'' came under fierce criticism from Gov. Gray Davis' office. 
Steven Maviglio, Davis' spokesman, said many of the assumptions used to 
produce the report are either outdated or flat wrong. 
``It deserves its rightful place sitting on the shelf gathering dust Maviglio said. ``Like any crystal-ball report, it's essentially irrelevant Edward Lamer, a UCLA professor, and Christopher Thornberg, a visiting 
professor at UCLA, collaborated on the report with a team of researchers from 
the Cambridge Energy Research Associates. 
The study concludes that California's gross state product will be cut by 
anywhere from .7 percent to 1.5 percent in 2001 as a result of the energy 
crisis. In addition, energy problems will increase unemployment by .5 percent 
in 2001 and 1.1 percent in 2002. The report predicts consumers can expect 112 
hours of rolling blackouts this year. 
However, the report argues that the impact could be dramatically reduced if 
the state would raise the price consumers pay for energy to match the 
wholesale costs. This could reduce blackouts to 12 hours, lower the debt and 
interest the state will have to pay for electricity and encourage investment 
in the state to increase energy supplies. 
But Peter Navarro, a management professor at the University of 
California-Irvine, was skeptical of the report's findings. He said it was 
almost impossible to build models complex enough to take into account all the 
factors that affect energy prices in the state. 
In addition, he said the report seems to assume that there is no manipulation 
of the current market, which Navarro argues could be distorting prices as 
well. 
``How do you justify raising retail rates to 45 cents for power that costs a 
nickel to generate when there is some evidence that the market is flawed Navarro said. ``This report seems to have an industry point of view and an 
industry agenda 
FYI.  Leg deal in CA running into trouble.  Davis/Freeman are problems.  Reps 
ain't playing nice.  Working on it. More later.  Best, Jeff
i  wish.  leaving to return to SF in a little bit.  should be back in town 
around 2 PM 
best,
Jeff
Joseph Alamo
06/29/2001 12:04 PM
JOD - still in Monterey??? didya go to the Acquarium or something??
Let's discuss further.  I've been in close contact with Chris on this.  I'm 
not sure that we necessarily need a "presentation" on the issue.  Speaking 
only for California, policy makers and industry participants know a) that 
there's a problem and b) that the magnitude of the problem is significant, 
and there's not a heckuvalot of leg work that needs to be done on that 
front.  I would suggest that we continue to work on analysis internally, and 
spend some time discussing further the extent to which we need a presentation 
for external consumption.  As everyone's aware, this issue is a very 
complicated one and sensitive one for Enron and we need to be very careful 
w.r.t. how we approach it.  Thoughts?
Best,
Jeff
Seems very likely that someone else notified DJ of this posting.  Might be 
useful for our traders to understand that scrutiny in the short run is going 
to be signficant.
Best,
Jeff
Karen Denne
06/29/2001 05:03 PM
I got a call from Dow Jones today about a price we had posted on EnronOnline 
for day-ahead power at Mead for $105/MWh (the FERC proxy price is $91.87).  I 
talked to Tim Belden and just because an offer is posted doesn't mean that 
there's been a transaction.  Turns out that under our interpretation of the 
FERC order, because Friday for Monday transactions exceed the 24-hour 
delivery requirement, we believe they're exempt from the order.  Tim said 
that at the end of today, we had done five transactions above the cap, but 
they decided to lower the transaction price to the proxy price so we'd reduce 
any further exposure and scrutiny.
agreed.
zero
Joseph Alamo
06/29/2001 04:59 PM
hmmmmmmm....still no sign of you at 3 pm so....how many vacation hours shall I put you down for then, hmm??
LOL
i  wish.  leaving to return to SF in a little bit.  should be back in town 
around 2 PM 
best,
Jeff
Joseph Alamo
06/29/2001 12:04 PM
JOD - still in Monterey??? didya go to the Acquarium or something??
My friend, Prentice Sellers,  will be picking my ticket up for me.
"Dean's Office"  	Sent by: owner-eveningmba@Haas.Berkeley.EDU
11/29/2000 06:22 PM
Please respond to "Dean's Office"
Dear Haas Students,
We still have many unclaimed tickets left for the Secretary Summers 
Research Dialogue Program "Keeping the Economy Growing" at 1:45 on Tuesday, 
December 6 in the Andersen Auditorium.
The deadline for Haas students to pick up tickets for this event is this 
Friday, December 1 at 2pm.
After the Friday deadline, we will offer all of the unclaimed tickets to 
other Cal students who have been clamoring for these tickets.
The Dean's Office is open from 9am to 5pm daily and Evening MBA students 
can pick up their tickets at the EMBA Office after 5pm.
Thanks for your cooperation!
The Dean's Staff
apologies.  i don't know what those bills are 
Best,
Jeff
Yep.  It's moving along.  The budget, and the R's desire to mess with Davis, 
are prolonging things a bit.  But all indications are that Loretta will hold 
DA until the 12th.  How'd the afternoon go?
Best,
Jeff
James D Steffes
07/02/2001 07:16 PM
Assume you are taking the lead on this?
Jim
Hedy Govenar  Senator Burton's office expects bond language back from Legislative
Counsel sometime tomorrow, Tuesday.  As soon as we get a copy we will
forward it.  If the language is acceptable to Enron, then Bev, Scott and
I need to visit with Republicans to urge their support as soon as
possible.We are continuing to coordinate with the big users and some
other suppliers on this issue.
FYI.  Not for dissemination outside this distribution.  Documents delivered 
to Hertzberg to follow.
Best,
Jeff
Phil Isenberg  	07/02/2001 03:26 PM
Gang:
The final letter and document will be given to the Speaker shortly.  As you
may know, TURN ultimately decided not to participate.  Also, late last week
the Utility Workers had an elected change of leadership and there was not
enough time to bring the new officers up to speed by our deadline.
The Speaker plans on using our product to simultaneously encourage the PUC
not to close the door on direct access and, if necessary, convince the
Legislature to pass this year a meaningful direct access program (if the PUC
goes south on us).  Also, I believe he hopes that our work will help
convince the Legislature to move to restore SCE to financial stability - and
to do so rapidly.
This last month has been very interesting to me - "oddly satisfying" is how
I described it, even if most of you did object to the phrasing - and I
appreciate the opportunity of working with you.  For whatever reasons, there
is nothing like an intractable social and political problems to get me
interested.  Thanks very much for participating.
Phil
Please keep this confidential and internal to the company.  Thanks.
Best,
Jeff
"Delaney Hunter"  	07/02/2001 06:00 PM
Please respond to dhunter
Hi all-
Here are the final document and letter. I will also be faxing everyone a
copy of the letter with signatures.
Thanks,
Delaney
- FINAL DRAFT issues outline.doc
- FINAL COVER LETTER.doc
Congratz.  Do we know for how long a decision will be delayed?
Best,
Jeff
Susan J Mara
07/02/2001 04:29 PM
We're hearing the vote will be delayed until July 12 -- no final confirmation 
yet. And now BOTH draft decisions have been modified to defer action on the 
PX Credit issue. A major victory on that issue.
Sue Mara
Enron Corp.
Tel: (415) 782-7802
Fax:(415) 782-7854
Thanks, Hedy. Barring any strange turn of events, we're likely to be OK with 
the language.  The budget--and the R's desire to mess with Davis--appear to 
be delaying things somewhat.  If tomorrow Loretta holds the DA decision till 
the 12th, that will buy some additional  (and necessary) time to work a deal. 
Best,
Jeff 
Hedy Govenar  	07/02/2001 06:51 PM
Senator Burton's office expects bond language back from Legislative
Counsel sometime tomorrow, Tuesday.  As soon as we get a copy we will
forward it.  If the language is acceptable to Enron, then Bev, Scott and
I need to visit with Republicans to urge their support as soon as
possible.We are continuing to coordinate with the big users and some
other suppliers on this issue.
Thanks, Sue.  FYI--this new schedule was discussed a lot last week, and 
apparently was a big part of the meeting that occured with Davis' people and 
Angelides last Thursday nite.  It was a move to buy time to try and get a 
comprehensive settlement in place in the legislature (i.e., core/noncore 
In addition to buying time to save Direct Access, it also gives Angelides 
more time to get the bonds lined up, which seems to be an increasingly 
challenging task---there's growing speculation that the issuance will be much 
more difficult than Angelides has thus far let on. 
That said, I need to check around, but there is some chance that the 
plan/agreement is that the PUC decisions would go out well in advance of 
August (with effective date being August), which would then provide enough 
time to let the expedited "appeals process" under (SB37?) run its course in 
time for the issuance in Sept/Oct.  In short, we'll need to remain vigilant 
energized because there's a chance that the decisions to which Angelides 
refers in the memo could be up at the Commission sooner rather than later This is what I was hearing last Friday, but perhaps things have changed and 
now there's more time.   I'll check and report back.
Finally, simultaneous with those actions, folks are supposed to be putting 
the core/noncore agreement into legislative language.  I'll report back as 
soon as I have more information on that.
Best,
Jeff
Susan J Mara
07/03/2001 11:27 AM
The memo to investors says that a new law will take effect on Aug 13 that 
puts in place shortened appeal times at the CPUC.  The memo says that the 
CPUC does not need to act on the key issues, including suspension of DA, 
until Aug 13 or later.  It also says the bonds are now to be sold in 
Sept-Oct. The memo states that the CPUC, Governor, Treasurer, etc. have 
agreed with the new timetable.
Sue Mara
Enron Corp.
Tel: (415) 782-7802
Fax:(415) 782-7854
"Manuel, Erica"  	07/03/2001 08:38 AM
I just received this document from Angelides' office - it's a memo outlining
a revised timetable for the PUC actions required for the bond sale. FYI. EM.
Please note the update regarding the State of California DWR Power Bonds
provided in the attached memo.
If you have any questions, please contact Charles Fitzpatrick at (800)
900-3873.
- Investor Memo -- Timetable Update 7-2-01.pdf
FYI.  My understanding is that the decisions would actually go out prior to 
Aug. , with "effective date" in Aug., , thus providing time for the appeals 
process.  Do others have a similar or different view?  Do we intend to stay 
in touch, in view of the fact that there's been some "breathing room" 
provided by the PUC delaying its DA vote, and given the heavy lifting that is 
still needed to get the core/noncore agreement teed-up and through 
Happy 4th to all.
Best,
Jeff
Please note the update regarding the State of California DWR Power Bonds
provided in the attached memo.
If you have any questions, please contact Charles Fitzpatrick at (800)
900-3873.
- Investor Memo -- Timetable Update 7-2-01.pdf
It's going to be extremely difficult for anyone who has consumed electricity 
to avoid paying for it.  It will be particularly difficult for Enron to 
exempt itself from costs incurred by the state on behalf of Enron's 
customers.  Prior to us pushing amendments on this bill, can we discuss on 
the 11:30 call today.  Harry and I have discussed this at length, and I just 
want to make sure that we don't blow up the whole enchilada by trying to get 
an amendment here.
Best,
Jeff
Harry Kingerski
07/03/2001 09:28 AM
Hedy, Scott, Bev -  the language currently says the bond surcharge will apply 
"to all electric power delivered in California by electric corporations I know this is a longshot, but is there any chance of having this amended to 
either 
1) exclude volumes under DA contracts as of the effective date of this act, 
or 
2) more generally leave it to the PUC to adjust the surcharge for customer 
classes based on their contribution - or lack thereof - to DWR's purchasing 
requirements.
The justification for this exemption is grounded in excluding customers who 
have not caused the DWR problem; e.g. large San Diego customers or PGE/SCE 
customers who have been DA  the last couple years or parts thereof.  (We can 
give you some specific language.)
Hedy or Scott - could you please call me when you get in - 713 853-5786 Thanks.
Hedy Govenar  	07/02/2001 06:51 PM
Senator Burton's office expects bond language back from Legislative
Counsel sometime tomorrow, Tuesday.  As soon as we get a copy we will
forward it.  If the language is acceptable to Enron, then Bev, Scott and
I need to visit with Republicans to urge their support as soon as
possible.We are continuing to coordinate with the big users and some
other suppliers on this issue.
thanks, paul.  apologies, i dont' even remember seeing this.  leslie, can we 
discuss on thursday.  i  can update you on everything underway w.r.t. cal 
gas.  thursday work for you?
best,
jeff
Paul Kaufman/ENRON@Xgate
07/03/2001 10:22 AM
Knowing your swamped and all ... did you respond to this e-mail or contact 
Phillip Allen?
Paul and Jeff,
Becky, Donna and I (gas girls) met with Phillip Allen (ENA West) to discuss 
FERC gas issues today, and Phillip had some issues that were more state than 
federal, and I told him I would bring them to your attention.
He is interested in seeing incentive rates or more hedging on the part of the 
CA LDC's so that all their needs are not being served by the spot market.  In 
the current market, hedges (longer term contracting and financial) are being 
done primarily by the producers and marketers, which results in a thin and 
probably off-kilter market (the LDCs buying for the customers are not 
participating).  I know we have to square this with the EES positions, but I 
am not up to speed on what is going on in CA on this issue.
Phillip also made that point that while the LDCs are focusing on their core 
load, no one is doing system planning on the macro basis, taking into account 
the ability of the physical systems to meet the needs of all customers, core 
and non-core and making sure the system will be adequate.
Finally, he is very interested in seeing the CA LDC rates unbundled.
Any updates we can provide to Phillip (and the gas girls) would be 
appreciated, as well as what our plans are to address these issues.
From our side, El Paso is having a conference in July and we will be taking 
up a number of allocation and transportation issues at that time.
Thanks.
holy shit, are we going to the play tonite?  if so, i'm in big trouble, since 
i'm meeting with my mba group tonite.  holy shit.  otherwise, we'll be 
there.  let's talk.
Yes.
Leslie Lawner
07/05/2001 09:05 AM
Let's try and set up a call to talk about the California intrastate gas 
issues noted below (LDC hedging, rate unbundling and system 
upgrades/expansions).  Does Tues. July 10 at 3:00 Central work for everyone?
(Roger please pass on to EES folks who should be on).
Thanks.
James D Steffes
07/03/01 03:23 PM
Leslie 
Can you organize a call that goes through these issues and begins to 
rationalize the information requested by Phillip?  While these issues are 
important, I don't see the CPUC doing anything in the near-term to help fix 
the problems.
Jim
Paul and Jeff,
Becky, Donna and I (gas girls) met with Phillip Allen (ENA West) to discuss 
FERC gas issues today, and Phillip had some issues that were more state than 
federal, and I told him I would bring them to your attention.
He is interested in seeing incentive rates or more hedging on the part of the 
CA LDC's so that all their needs are not being served by the spot market.  In 
the current market, hedges (longer term contracting and financial) are being 
done primarily by the producers and marketers, which results in a thin and 
probably off-kilter market (the LDCs buying for the customers are not 
participating).  I know we have to square this with the EES positions, but I 
am not up to speed on what is going on in CA on this issue.
Phillip also made that point that while the LDCs are focusing on their core 
load, no one is doing system planning on the macro basis, taking into account 
the ability of the physical systems to meet the needs of all customers, core 
and non-core and making sure the system will be adequate.
Finally, he is very interested in seeing the CA LDC rates unbundled.
Any updates we can provide to Phillip (and the gas girls) would be 
appreciated, as well as what our plans are to address these issues.
From our side, El Paso is having a conference in July and we will be taking 
up a number of allocation and transportation issues at that time.
Thanks.
plz call when you find a minute.  thx, jeff 415.782.7822.
8 AM. 10 AM. 3 PM.
Best,
Jeff
Robin Deguara  	06/29/2001 06:51 PM
Jeff,
Please provide me with three time slots you would be available to have a
conf call on Friday the 6th between Cameron and Ian. 
Thank you,
Robin Deguara
Executive Assistant
Perfect Commerce, Inc. tel: 650-798-3367
fax: 650-858-1095 email: robin@perfect.com
FYI.  Push to get real-time pricing continues.
Best,
Jeff
"Carla Reddick"  	07/05/2001 10:24 AM
Please respond to creddick
- PUC cover letter1.doc
- RTP support letter.doc
- certification of service1.doc
Unless someone has a different view, I think that we're all on the same page 
and ready to go.  In that regard, you should have received via fax of the 
language that Sher has put together.  I propose the following.  Please chime 
in with suggestions, alternatives, etc.
Everyone review the language quickly and provide comments.
Simultaneously have Mike Day very quickly draft language (this morning) 
capturing the ideas we've discussed (to make it happen, I think we need to 
provide the specific language).
I will write a note now to the group that's been negotiating the core/noncore 
deal, explaining what we think ought to be included and informing them we'll 
provide legislative language shortly .
Assuming that most in the group buy-in to our proposal, we have 
Hedy/Bev/Scott work with their lobbyists to get it inserted in the language.
Thoughts?
Best,
Jeff
James D Steffes
07/03/2001 02:36 PM
I think that the goal of Govt Affairs should be to (1) ensure that customers 
never on utility service post Jan 17 should not pay, and (2) try and find a 
compromise with the other parties to allow customers who leave by some date 
certain will only pay for the unrecovered cost  on a $/mwh basis.
Basically I am arguing that Enron should require DWR to calculate its unpaid 
balance on some date certain and determine the appropriate surcharge.   I 
know that this is a very long shot.  We should make this recommendation as a 
help to our business teams even if we are going to lose.
Do  we need a conference call with Lobbyists to work through this on Thursday?
Jim
Scott Stoness@EES
07/03/2001 09:33 AM
As discussed, we have two possible approaches:
1) Home Run Strategy: The following change: The commission shall, within 30 
days from the date of the application, issue a bond financing order 
establishing a DWR Bond Charge that shall be applicable to all electric power 
delivered in California by electric corporations subject to the jurisdiction 
of the commission, with the exception of electric power delivered by 
suppliers other than the utility, who contracted for such delivery prior to 
the effective date of this legislation.
We use San Diego large customers as our example of customers who should be 
exempt from a surcharge because they have been off bundled rates for the 
duration of the turmoil.
Risk is that our customers will not be fully on until about August 15.  Thus 
if the wording gets changed to "who are taking delivery as of the effective 
date of this legislation" we have failed.
Positive is that it removes the CPUC (anti enron) discretion.
2) 1st Base Strategy: The following change: c) The commission shall conduct 
such proceedings as it deems necessary to inform the public of the revenue 
requirements  and to establish rates to enable the department to recover the 
revenue requirement.  Such rates will be designed  i) such that the bond 
revenue requirements will be recovered, and ii) to reflect the amount of DWR 
bond costs that the customer or customer class caused.
Risk is that the CPUC will interpret these words unfavorably to us.  ie.  If 
we touch the system once we pay the whole surcharge.
Scott
Scott Stoness
07/03/2001 08:40 AM
Harry.  I read through the proposed legislation.  In summary it:
Imposes a DWR Bond surcharge applicable to all electric power delivered in 
California .... subject to the jurisdiction of the commission.
The commission would approve the adjustments to the DWR Bond Charge as may be 
necessary to ensure timely recovery The commission would conduct hearings to establish rates to allow the DWR to 
recover their revenue requirements.
The DWR Bond Charge shall take precedence over all other costs and 
disbursements to be padi from the fund and shall be paid from revenue derived 
from rate levels in effect on July 31, 2001.
Although we could live with this legislation the issues I see are:
IBM would not escape a surcharge even though they may not have caused any DWR 
costs.
SImilarly, large San Diego customers, who have not caused any DWR costs, 
would be subject to a surcharge.
I am having a hard time understanding what they intended to achieve with the 
clause "The DWR Bond Charge shall take precedence over all other costs and 
disbursements to be paid from the fund and shall be paid from revenue derived 
from rate levels in effect on July 31, 2001."
Does the 2nd half of this sentence freeze the Jul 31, 2001 rates until the 
bond is paid off; or
Is it just an attempt to define that rates should not go up to pay for the 
bonds; or [this is the most likely meaning in my mind]
Is it just defining that the act comes into effect on July 31, 2001
If it is possible, we should advocate:
Regarding, SDG&E, customers who did not contribute to DWR costs:
Imposes a DWR Bond surcharge applicable to all electric power delivered in 
California .... subject to the jurisdiction of the commission.
The commission would conduct hearings to establish rates to allow the DWR to 
recover their revenue requirements.  Such rates will be designed  i) such 
that the bond revenue requirements will be recovered, and ii) to reflect the 
amount of DWR costs that the customer or customer class caused.
And we should get a legal interpretation of  "The DWR Bond Charge shall take 
precedence over all other costs and disbursements to be paid from the fund 
and shall be paid from revenue derived from rate levels in effect on July 31, 
2001."  To make sure that we are not going to get surprised.
Scott
chk fax machine for Sher's bond language.  See email, too.  jeff
thanks for everything.  really 'ppreciate it, 'migo.   and please thank 
karen, too.  also, would you tell her that prentice and i are willing and 
able (we think) to help out in any way we can in putting the fireplace stuff 
together----i.e., anything that doesn't require real skill, like sticking 
tiles on the board.  just let us know.
Best,
Jeff
tah-mo
Thanks.  As you know, I'm in the negotiations.  It's the best chance there is 
to 1) get a real market and 2) keep Edison out of bankruptcy.  Whether 
California can execute on it is another story.  But we're trying damned hard 
to make it happen.  IEP should support it.  Anything that you can do with Jan 
would be useful and appreciated.
Best,
Jeff
David Parquet@ECT
07/05/2001 12:12 PM
I did not see you on the distribution.  Comments?
"Jan Smutny-Jones"  	06/28/2001 10:58 AM
Please respond to smutny
The attached is the final product of the discussions which have been
occurring between the various consumer groups attempting to keep Edsion
solvent while retaining some potential for direct access.  IEP has
participated in some of these discussions.
IEP is being asked to sign this letter. It is time sensitive because of
pending PUC action on Direct Access.
Therefore I am calling an emergency Board Call for TODAY THURSDAY 6/28/01
3:00 pm PST.
Call-in number: 1-877-288-4427
Participant Code: 934948
- CLEAN Draft Issues Outline 6-27-01.doc
- Cover Letter.doc
been called to a meeting with Hertzberg in Sac at 3:30 PM PDT.  Will report 
back with details.  best, jeff
think we've covered this one enough.  jeff
Isn't "hornswoggled and bamboozled" a Rogers & Hart song?
"Eldon Sellers"  	11/29/2000 05:44 PM
Please respond to eldon
I don't know whether or not you read  the article I sent about contesting
the election,  but I went a step further and listened to and watched the
video associated with that article.  The first  lawyer, Earl Carroll, who
spoke against contesting the election during the James Baker press
conference, used  the argument that many ballots from other counties in
Florida and other states contained no vote for President.  He called them
"non votes."  Therefore, we shouldn't think it unusual for that to happen in
the counties where Gore wants the recount.  What kind of sophistry and
deception is this?  Democrats and all fair-minded people are being
hornswoggled and bamboozled by this kind of propaganda.  It makes me think
that Goebles (I forget how he spelled his name) was really an amateur.  I'm
afraid we're not going to be able to combat this.  Democrats are not devious
enough to anticipate what Bush's strategists may do next.
Greetings:
Hope everyone had a pleasant 4th.
I've read the respective Burton and Hertzberg language on amending AB 1X The Burton language looks cleaner and simpler, though there may be reasons to 
include some of the Hertzberg language, too.
I'm proposing to the group the following as potential amendments to the bond 
bill.  I would appreciate your feedback.  The amendments would be as follows:
Customers who were on Direct Access when DWR started buying power (Jan. 
17th?), and are still on Direct Access when the bill passes, should be exempt 
from paying for the bonds. 
In short, customers should not be forced to pay for power twice--once from 
their ESP, and once from DWR.  Since these customers receive power services 
from their ESP, they never consumed DWR power in the first place and it 
wouldn't be fair to require them to pay for it.
Customers who have been utility customers since DWR started buying power but 
subsequently switched to Direct Access should only pay for power provided by 
DWR that they actually consumed, no more and no less 
For example, if a customer was a utility customer when DWR started buying 
power but switched to Direct Access on May 1st, then the customer would only 
be responsible for reimbursing DWR for power deliveries that took place from 
Jan. 17th thru April 30th.
I believe that we agreed on these concepts during the negotiations that took 
place over the past 4-5 weeks.  Or if we didn't explicitly agree during the 
talks, they seem to be principles on which we ought to be able to agree 
pretty easily now. And rather than leave the issue hanging, which can create 
unnecessary and costly uncertainty for customers, I suggest that we include 
very clear and simple legislative language in the bond bill clarifying what 
customers' obligations are.  Your thoughts are appreciated.
In addition, we have talked quite a bit about providing customers with 
incentives in the attempt to get California out of the energy hole that it 
finds itself in.  Providing (20KW and above) customers with an incentive to 
switch to Direct Access as soon as possible could 1) reduce the net short 
position that the state (and ultimately consumers) have to finance, thereby 
reducing spot purchases and price volatility,  2) reduce electricity 
purchasing costs, and 3) reduce the burden on the state budget.
With this in mind, I'm also proposing that the group consider an amendment to 
the bond bill that would exempt from bond charges any customer that switches 
to Direct Access by September 1st.
Finally, it seems odd that the language directing the PUC to suspend Direct 
Access is still in the bill.  If a dedicated rate component is created, that 
seems to eliminate altogether the need to suspend Direct Access.  And if 
that's the case, would it make sense to delete that language from the bill?
Look forward to your comments and working with you to get support for and 
passage of the "core/noncore" proposal.
Best,
Jeff
Jeff Dasovich
Sent by: Jeff Dasovich
07/05/2001 02:07 PM
Greetings:
Hope everyone had a pleasant 4th.
I've read the respective Burton and Hertzberg language on amending AB 1X The Burton language looks cleaner and simpler, though there may be reasons to 
include some of the Hertzberg language, too.
I'm proposing to the group the following as potential amendments to the bond 
bill.  I would appreciate your feedback.  The amendments would be as follows:
Customers who were on Direct Access when DWR started buying power (Jan. 
17th?), and are still on Direct Access when the bill passes, should be exempt 
from paying for the bonds. 
In short, customers should not be forced to pay for power twice--once from 
their ESP, and once from DWR.  Since these customers receive power services 
from their ESP, they never consumed DWR power in the first place and it 
wouldn't be fair to require them to pay for it.
Customers who have been utility customers since DWR started buying power but 
subsequently switched to Direct Access should only pay for power provided by 
DWR that they actually consumed, no more and no less 
For example, if a customer was a utility customer when DWR started buying 
power but switched to Direct Access on May 1st, then the customer would only 
be responsible for reimbursing DWR for power deliveries that took place from 
Jan. 17th thru April 30th.
I believe that we agreed on these concepts during the negotiations that took 
place over the past 4-5 weeks.  Or if we didn't explicitly agree during the 
talks, they seem to be principles on which we ought to be able to agree 
pretty easily now. And rather than leave the issue hanging, which can create 
unnecessary and costly uncertainty for customers, I suggest that we include 
very clear and simple legislative language in the bond bill clarifying what 
customers' obligations are.  Your thoughts are appreciated.
In addition, we have talked quite a bit about providing customers with 
incentives in the attempt to get California out of the energy hole that it 
finds itself in.  Providing (20KW and above) customers with an incentive to 
switch to Direct Access as soon as possible could 1) reduce the net short 
position that the state (and ultimately consumers) have to finance, thereby 
reducing spot purchases and price volatility,  2) reduce electricity 
purchasing costs, and 3) reduce the burden on the state budget.
With this in mind, I'm also proposing that the group consider an amendment to 
the bond bill that would exempt from bond charges any customer that switches 
to Direct Access by September 1st.
Finally, it seems odd that the language directing the PUC to suspend Direct 
Access is still in the bill.  If a dedicated rate component is created, that 
seems to eliminate altogether the need to suspend Direct Access.  And if 
that's the case, would it make sense to delete that language from the bill?
Look forward to your comments and working with you to get support for and 
passage of the "core/noncore" proposal.
Best,
Jeff
Please take a look and see if you think it does what we're after.  I'd like 
to share with folks as soon as possible to try to get something in the bill.
Best,
Jeff
MDay  	07/05/2001 02:39 PM
Here is the very short amendment for the Sher Bond Bill.  Mike Day
- X25946.DOC
got it strapped on.  off to sacramento.  nice knowin' ya.  jeff
talked to Hertzberg.  pushed hard on him calling Wood/Brownell re: DWR 
contracts.  Don't know if he'll do it.  jeff
FYI.  Hertzberg said he talked to K. Lay yesterday.  Were you aware?  Jeff
i'd send to the big list.  i used to send what julie malinowski sent around.
Thanks for you comments.  I did this prior to the meeting w/Keeley 
yesterday.  I assume that, if this thing gets off the ground, we'll have the 
opportunity to get this thoughts into whatever it is that the legislature 
produces.
Best,
Jeff
William Booth  	07/05/2001 03:19 PM
Jeff and all:  I agree with your thoughts as to the need for amendments re
DA customers that have never purchased DWR power, call it amend. 1.  I also
agree with your proposal re customers that leave bundled service for direct
access service only having to pay for the costs actually incurred by DWR on
their behalf, call it amend. 2.  I think it is a stretch, however, to
propose an exemption for any customer that leaves bundled for DA by
September 1, call it amend. 3.  This appears to be inconsistent with amend.
2.  I agree with you re amend. 4, deletion of language ending DA.  Bill
Greetings:
Hope everyone had a pleasant 4th.
I've read the respective Burton and Hertzberg language on amending AB 1X.
The Burton language looks cleaner and simpler, though there may be reasons
to include some of the Hertzberg language, too.
I'm proposing to the group the following as potential amendments to the
bond bill.  I would appreciate your feedback.  The amendments would be as
follows:
Customers who were on Direct Access when DWR started buying power (Jan.
17th?), and are still on Direct Access when the bill passes, should be
exempt from paying for the bonds.
In short, customers should not be forced to pay for power twice--once from
their ESP, and once from DWR.  Since these customers receive power services
from their ESP, they never consumed DWR power in the first place and it
wouldn't be fair to require them to pay for it.
Customers who have been utility customers since DWR started buying power
but subsequently switched to Direct Access should only pay for power
provided by DWR that they actually consumed, no more and no less.
For example, if a customer was a utility customer when DWR started buying
power but switched to Direct Access on May 1st, then the customer would
only be responsible for reimbursing DWR for power deliveries that took
place from Jan. 17th thru April 30th.
I believe that we agreed on these concepts during the negotiations that
took place over the past 4-5 weeks.  Or if we didn't explicitly agree
during the talks, they seem to be principles on which we ought to be able
to agree pretty easily now. And rather than leave the issue hanging, which
can create unnecessary and costly uncertainty for customers, I suggest that
we include very clear and simple legislative language in the bond bill
clarifying what customers' obligations are.  Your thoughts are appreciated.
In addition, we have talked quite a bit about providing customers with
incentives in the attempt to get California out of the energy hole that it
finds itself in.  Providing (20KW and above) customers with an incentive to
switch to Direct Access as soon as possible could 1) reduce the net short
position that the state (and ultimately consumers) have to finance, thereby
reducing spot purchases and price volatility,  2) reduce electricity
purchasing costs, and 3) reduce the burden on the state budget.
With this in mind, I'm also proposing that the group consider an amendment
to the bond bill that would exempt from bond charges any customer that
switches to Direct Access by September 1st.
Finally, it seems odd that the language directing the PUC to suspend Direct
Access is still in the bill.  If a dedicated rate component is created,
that seems to eliminate altogether the need to suspend Direct Access.  And
if that's the case, would it make sense to delete that language from the
bill?
Look forward to your comments and working with you to get support for and
passage of the "core/noncore" proposal.
Best,
Jeff
This e-mail is intended solely for use of the individual to whom it is
addressed and may contain information that is privileged, confidential or
otherwise exempt from disclosure under applicable law.  If the reader of
this e-mail is not the intended recipient or the employee or agent
responsible for delivering this message to the intended recipient, you are
hereby notified that any dissemination, distribution, or copying of this
communication is strictly prohibited.  If you have received this
communication in error, please immediately notify us by replying to the
original sender of this note.  Thank You.
FYI.
William Booth  	07/05/2001 03:19 PM
Jeff and all:  I agree with your thoughts as to the need for amendments re
DA customers that have never purchased DWR power, call it amend. 1.  I also
agree with your proposal re customers that leave bundled service for direct
access service only having to pay for the costs actually incurred by DWR on
their behalf, call it amend. 2.  I think it is a stretch, however, to
propose an exemption for any customer that leaves bundled for DA by
September 1, call it amend. 3.  This appears to be inconsistent with amend.
2.  I agree with you re amend. 4, deletion of language ending DA.  Bill
Greetings:
Hope everyone had a pleasant 4th.
I've read the respective Burton and Hertzberg language on amending AB 1X.
The Burton language looks cleaner and simpler, though there may be reasons
to include some of the Hertzberg language, too.
I'm proposing to the group the following as potential amendments to the
bond bill.  I would appreciate your feedback.  The amendments would be as
follows:
Customers who were on Direct Access when DWR started buying power (Jan.
17th?), and are still on Direct Access when the bill passes, should be
exempt from paying for the bonds.
In short, customers should not be forced to pay for power twice--once from
their ESP, and once from DWR.  Since these customers receive power services
from their ESP, they never consumed DWR power in the first place and it
wouldn't be fair to require them to pay for it.
Customers who have been utility customers since DWR started buying power
but subsequently switched to Direct Access should only pay for power
provided by DWR that they actually consumed, no more and no less.
For example, if a customer was a utility customer when DWR started buying
power but switched to Direct Access on May 1st, then the customer would
only be responsible for reimbursing DWR for power deliveries that took
place from Jan. 17th thru April 30th.
I believe that we agreed on these concepts during the negotiations that
took place over the past 4-5 weeks.  Or if we didn't explicitly agree
during the talks, they seem to be principles on which we ought to be able
to agree pretty easily now. And rather than leave the issue hanging, which
can create unnecessary and costly uncertainty for customers, I suggest that
we include very clear and simple legislative language in the bond bill
clarifying what customers' obligations are.  Your thoughts are appreciated.
In addition, we have talked quite a bit about providing customers with
incentives in the attempt to get California out of the energy hole that it
finds itself in.  Providing (20KW and above) customers with an incentive to
switch to Direct Access as soon as possible could 1) reduce the net short
position that the state (and ultimately consumers) have to finance, thereby
reducing spot purchases and price volatility,  2) reduce electricity
purchasing costs, and 3) reduce the burden on the state budget.
With this in mind, I'm also proposing that the group consider an amendment
to the bond bill that would exempt from bond charges any customer that
switches to Direct Access by September 1st.
Finally, it seems odd that the language directing the PUC to suspend Direct
Access is still in the bill.  If a dedicated rate component is created,
that seems to eliminate altogether the need to suspend Direct Access.  And
if that's the case, would it make sense to delete that language from the
bill?
Look forward to your comments and working with you to get support for and
passage of the "core/noncore" proposal.
Best,
Jeff
This e-mail is intended solely for use of the individual to whom it is
addressed and may contain information that is privileged, confidential or
otherwise exempt from disclosure under applicable law.  If the reader of
this e-mail is not the intended recipient or the employee or agent
responsible for delivering this message to the intended recipient, you are
hereby notified that any dissemination, distribution, or copying of this
communication is strictly prohibited.  If you have received this
communication in error, please immediately notify us by replying to the
original sender of this note.  Thank You.
whew!  hey, you're dad's losing it.   whadya mean asleep?  if i'm asleep, 
wake me up ferchrissake.
Cameron Sellers  	11/29/2000 07:02 PM
You ain't goin to no play.  I'm goin to da play.  I get home from da play
around 11 or so probly.  You thinking you mite be awake this time 
Cameron Sellers
Vice President, Business Development
PERFECT
1860 Embarcadero Road - Suite 210
Palo Alto, CA 94303
cameron@perfect.com
650.798.3366 (direct dial)
650.269.3366 (cell)
650.858.1095 (fax)
holy shit, are we going to the play tonite?  if so, i'm in big trouble,
since i'm meeting with my mba group tonite.  holy shit.  otherwise, we'll
be there.  let's talk.
you getting on call w/rob bradley?  jeff
you mean communicate the fact that mark views me as wholly expendable?  i'm 
hurt, mark.
best,
jeff
Richard Shapiro
07/05/2001 03:32 PM
Please communicate or distribute as you see fit. Thanks.
Fighting the kangaroo court actually got us some points with the media.  If 
we can continue without getting anyone (other than Dasovich) thrown in jail, 
let's fight.
Mark
Robert C Williams/ENRON@Xgate
07/05/2001 02:20 PM
The Dunn Committee will be taking up the contempt citations again on Tuesday, 
July 10.  We are currently contemplating two actions.   First, we intend to 
offer to produce some documents, most notably the ISO bid data sought (which 
the Committee already has anyway).  Secondly, as we do not expect this 
voluntary partial production to placate the Committee, we are preparing an 
action to file in federal court in Sacramento on Monday challenging the 
subpoena to the extent it seeks to require the production of documents other 
than those we offered to produce.  Robin Gibbs and Mike Kirby are on board 
with this.  Please let me know if would like any additional information about 
these matters.  Thank you 
FYI.  From today's Post.  Davis seems to continue to put distance between 
himself and the contracts.
Best,
Jeff
May you be forced to spend eternity with David Lazarus 
P.S. I'm taking next week off.  I'll be in the Middle East for martyr 
training.
Best,
Jeff
Mark Palmer
07/06/2001 12:15 PM
It's just that I can't begin to imagine a better or more noble spokesman, 
especially portrayed in the light of a martyr, than you.  Will you wear the 
shirt?  I think the camera loves it.
Mark
I apologize.  I thought I'd put you on my "big" distribution list.  When and 
if I do any updates to smaller groups.  I'll put you on those, too.  Look 
forward to meeting and discussing next time I'm in Houston.
Best,
Jeff
Kristin Walsh/ENRON@Xgate
07/06/2001 12:12 PM
Jeff,
Hope everything in California is going well and hope you had a good 4th of 
July.  Earlier today, I was meeting with some people from EES/ENA and they 
mentioned that you send out regular updates on California.  I would be very 
interested in being added to the distribution list.  This would help us see 
if there are any discrepancies in what we independent report and give us 
insight on which issues need to be explored further.  If you are ever in 
Houston, I would love to meet with you and discuss some of our common 
interests as it relates to commercial operations.  Please let me know if you 
have any questions or are unable to add me to the distribution list 
Thanks,
Kristin Walsh
(713) 853-9510
Senate Majority Leader Eager to Push Energy, Environmental Issues 
James Kuhnhenn 
?
07/06/2001 
KRTBN Knight-Ridder Tribune Business News: Knight Ridder's Washington Bureau 
Reporter (TM) 
?
?
WASHINGTON--Eager to exploit public dissatisfaction with President Bush's 
approach to energy and the environment, Senate Majority Leader Tom Daschle 
wants to place those issues next on the Democratic agenda, before other 
initiatives popular with Democrats. 
Daschle's aides and party strategists say the Senate's top Democrat wants to 
keep the White House on the defensive, draw attention to popular Democratic 
goals such as promoting conservation and alternate power sources, and 
inoculate his party against Republicans' charges that it has ignored the 
country's energy needs. Activists on both sides see potential for compromises 
that would lead to legislation Bush can sign. 
"With summer, and gas prices, and air conditioning -- this is what you go 
with," said Democratic pollster Fred Yang. "It's an issue that people 
actually live every day. There are very few issues like that in politics Democrats think the energy issue has become an albatross for the White House. 
Recent polls show that a majority of the public disapproves of the way Bush 
is handling energy and environmental issues. 
What's more, the House of Representatives voted to block the administration 
from drilling for oil and gas off Florida's gulf coast and in the Great 
Lakes. Both measures passed with support from 70 Republicans. 
"When the Republican-controlled House soundly rejects key components of the 
president's energy policy, it signals an opportunity to build a bipartisan 
consensus that begins in the center," said Daschle spokeswoman Anita Dunn. 
The decision to highlight energy policy came late last week after Daschle met 
privately with his chairmen of key committees. Democrats present also called 
for action on raising the minimum wage, hate-crimes legislation, a 
prescription-drug plan for seniors and other issues popular with their 
supporters. 
But concentrating on energy policy first gives Democrats an opportunity to 
seize what has been a Republican issue and turn it to their advantage, aides 
said. 
Bush and Vice President Dick Cheney are dogged by their backgrounds as former 
Texas oilmen. From the moment Cheney argued for more oil and gas production 
to satisfy the energy needs of the United States, Democrats portrayed Bush 
and him as beholden to special interests. 
"The White House and Republicans are in the 35 percent end of public opinion 
on this," a top Democratic leadership aide, who spoke on condition of 
anonymity, said this week. "It's a loser every day for the Republicans With that in mind, Daschle and Sen. Jeff Bingaman, the New Mexico Democrat 
who heads the Senate's energy and natural resources committee, plan to have a 
comprehensive energy bill ready by the end of July. It will be a full- scale 
alternative to the Bush-Cheney program unveiled in May. 
The first floor disputes on energy policy could occur as early as next week, 
when the Senate debates the spending bill for the Interior Department. 
Republicans and White House lobbyists will have their hands full fending off 
Democratic amendments to match the House bans on offshore drilling near 
Florida beaches and on national monument lands. 
The White House helped defuse some of the oil-exploration dispute earlier 
this week by scaling back its plans to drill in the Gulf of Mexico. But huge 
disagreements remain over drilling in Alaska's Arctic National Wildlife 
Refuge, a centerpiece of Bush's energy plan. Some Democrats intend to offer 
an amendment to the Interior spending bill that would prohibit drilling in 
the refuge. 
Democrats also want to highlight energy conservation and lower emissions of 
pollutants that contribute to global warming. One proposal, which combines 
conservation and anti- pollution goals, would raise gas-mileage requirements 
for sport utility vehicles. The National Academy of Sciences is studying fuel 
economy standards and is expected to issue recommendations to Congress later 
this month. 
The energy debate also splits Senate Republicans, giving Daschle extra 
manpower to challenge Bush. Democrats can count on New England Republicans 
such as Lincoln Chafee of Rhode Island and Olympia Snowe and Susan Collins, 
both of Maine, to back several Democratic initiatives. 
Sen. John McCain, R-Ariz., who already has opposed Bush on the patients' bill 
of rights and campaign finance legislation, also has said he favors more 
conservation measures than the White House proposes. 
"He'll be very prominent in cobbling a centrist coalition on the issue," said 
Marshall Wittman, a senior fellow at the conservative Hudson Institute 
research center and a political adviser to McCain. "You can already see the 
outlines of that proposal -- encouragement of conservation, some exploration, 
but everything is environmentally friendly The White House already has reacted to the criticism of its energy policies. 
Its budget proposal earlier this year cut research spending for renewable 
energy, but Bush restored some of the money later. He also has paid more 
attention to energy conservation, indicating support for spending on 
efficiency measures beyond what he sought in his budget. 
But the president is not backing away from his position that the United 
States needs to become less dependent on foreign oil. And that, White House 
officials say, requires more oil and gas exploration in the United States. 
The energy plan Bush sent to Congress last week would authorize drilling in 
the Alaskan wilderness refuge and would use money from the drilling leases to 
pay for research into alternative energy sources. 
In addition to public disapproval of his stands on the environment and 
energy, the president is losing the sense of urgency that initially 
accompanied his energy proposals. Rolling blackouts in California are on the 
wane, gasoline prices are falling and last week John Browne, the chief 
executive of BP oil, dismissed Bush's call for new oil refineries. 
That gives Democrats a chance to seize the issue and attack the president 
without competing pressure from the public for quick solutions. 
"It's a target of opportunity," said Burdett Loomis, a political scientist at 
the University of Kansas and an expert on the Senate. Like the patients' bill 
of rights, on which the public sided with Democrats, energy right now "is 
low-hanging fruit," he said. 
You can send both, but I'd have folks keep it close to the vest.  Definitely 
want to make sure that none of our stuff ends up in the hands of the media.
Susan J Mara
07/06/2001 12:52 PM
Can I send this or the draft Sher bill to ARM members?
Sue Mara
Enron Corp.
Tel: (415) 782-7802
Fax:(415) 782-7854
Jeff Dasovich
Sent by: Jeff Dasovich
07/05/2001 12:07 PM
Greetings:
Hope everyone had a pleasant 4th.
I've read the respective Burton and Hertzberg language on amending AB 1X The Burton language looks cleaner and simpler, though there may be reasons to 
include some of the Hertzberg language, too.
I'm proposing to the group the following as potential amendments to the bond 
bill.  I would appreciate your feedback.  The amendments would be as follows:
Customers who were on Direct Access when DWR started buying power (Jan. 
17th?), and are still on Direct Access when the bill passes, should be exempt 
from paying for the bonds. 
In short, customers should not be forced to pay for power twice--once from 
their ESP, and once from DWR.  Since these customers receive power services 
from their ESP, they never consumed DWR power in the first place and it 
wouldn't be fair to require them to pay for it.
Customers who have been utility customers since DWR started buying power but 
subsequently switched to Direct Access should only pay for power provided by 
DWR that they actually consumed, no more and no less 
For example, if a customer was a utility customer when DWR started buying 
power but switched to Direct Access on May 1st, then the customer would only 
be responsible for reimbursing DWR for power deliveries that took place from 
Jan. 17th thru April 30th.
I believe that we agreed on these concepts during the negotiations that took 
place over the past 4-5 weeks.  Or if we didn't explicitly agree during the 
talks, they seem to be principles on which we ought to be able to agree 
pretty easily now. And rather than leave the issue hanging, which can create 
unnecessary and costly uncertainty for customers, I suggest that we include 
very clear and simple legislative language in the bond bill clarifying what 
customers' obligations are.  Your thoughts are appreciated.
In addition, we have talked quite a bit about providing customers with 
incentives in the attempt to get California out of the energy hole that it 
finds itself in.  Providing (20KW and above) customers with an incentive to 
switch to Direct Access as soon as possible could 1) reduce the net short 
position that the state (and ultimately consumers) have to finance, thereby 
reducing spot purchases and price volatility,  2) reduce electricity 
purchasing costs, and 3) reduce the burden on the state budget.
With this in mind, I'm also proposing that the group consider an amendment to 
the bond bill that would exempt from bond charges any customer that switches 
to Direct Access by September 1st.
Finally, it seems odd that the language directing the PUC to suspend Direct 
Access is still in the bill.  If a dedicated rate component is created, that 
seems to eliminate altogether the need to suspend Direct Access.  And if 
that's the case, would it make sense to delete that language from the bill?
Look forward to your comments and working with you to get support for and 
passage of the "core/noncore" proposal.
Best,
Jeff
Hertzberg (speaker of the CA Assembly) called a meeting yesterday afternoon 
of the group of market participants that have been negotiating the 
"core/noncore" proposal in California.  The purpose of the meeting was to 
brief us on their activities and their gameplan for trying to find a solution 
for California.  Here's a summary of the meeting.  Please keep confidential.
Work will be done over the weekend to put the core/noncore proposal in 
legislative language.  (We will be in the room.)
Work done by the "Plan B" group in the Assembly (Joe Dutra and Joe Nation) 
will also be put into legislative language over the weekend.
Because no proposal is "comprehensive," a complete legislative package will 
be created from the various pieces that have been worked on thus far (i.e core/noncore, "Plan B," Edison MOU)
In addition, there are Republican demands that Hertzberg will need to address 
(e.g., end the litigation) in order to achieve bi-partison support, which is 
what Hertzberg's shooting for. 
To move the legislation, the plan is to establish a "conference committee comprised of an equal number of Democrats and Republicans.
The committe would begin work on Monday and would attempt to finish putting a 
comprehensive bill together, vote it out of the Legislature and send it to 
the Governor for signing by Monday, July 16th.
July 16th is the deadline because that is the date that the PUC will issue 
its proposed decision regarding, among other things, how DWR's revenue 
requirement will be put into rates, whether Direct Access needs to be 
suspended, etc.
The PUC is issuing the draft on the 16th in order to give everyone 30 days to 
review and comment before the Commission votes on a final order on August 
15th.  (The PUC will actually issue a "thought piece" on Monday the 9th and 
will use reactions to the "thought piece" to craft the develop the proposed 
decision it plans to issue on the 16th.)
All of this is still up in the air, however.  As of right now, the leader of 
the Senate (Burton) has not agreed to Hertzberg's gameplan and the 
Republicans, while interested, have not yet committed to join the process.
Thanks very much Mike.  The sense of urgency for getting this in "the mix" is 
not as high as it was yesterday, though we'll still need to introduce it at 
some point very soon.  Thanks very much.
Best,
Jeff
MDay  	07/06/2001 01:12 PM
FYI   Here is the language I gave Jeff to propose for an amendment to the
Sher Bond bill  which will make sure Direct Access customers don't pay for
DWR power costs through the bonds EXCEPT for power they actually used that
was purchased by DWR.  Houston has to ok this and then Jeff has to sell it.
I also strongly recommend that the next to the last sentence of Water Code
Section 80110 be repealed in the bill.  That would leave direct access in
place and force DWR to come to us to get a bill that would have reasonable
exit fee provisions.  Without a change like this, the bill would simply
reaffirm the ban on direct access and that could cause us to lose at the
Commission.  There is nothing else in the bill which explicitly tells the
PUC to not suspend direct access.
Mike Day
- X25946.DOC
i'm available.
Jeff Dasovich
Sent by: Jeff Dasovich
07/06/2001 01:17 PM
Thanks very much Mike.  The sense of urgency for getting this in "the mix" is 
not as high as it was yesterday, though we'll still need to introduce it at 
some point very soon.  Thanks very much.
Best,
Jeff
MDay  	07/06/2001 01:12 PM
FYI   Here is the language I gave Jeff to propose for an amendment to the
Sher Bond bill  which will make sure Direct Access customers don't pay for
DWR power costs through the bonds EXCEPT for power they actually used that
was purchased by DWR.  Houston has to ok this and then Jeff has to sell it.
I also strongly recommend that the next to the last sentence of Water Code
Section 80110 be repealed in the bill.  That would leave direct access in
place and force DWR to come to us to get a bill that would have reasonable
exit fee provisions.  Without a change like this, the bill would simply
reaffirm the ban on direct access and that could cause us to lose at the
Commission.  There is nothing else in the bill which explicitly tells the
PUC to not suspend direct access.
Mike Day
- X25946.DOC
California Power-Buying Data Disclosed in Misdirected E-Mail
By Daniel Taub 
Sacramento, California, July 6 (Bloomberg) -- California Governor Gray 
Davis's office released data on the state's purchases in the spot electricity 
market -- information Davis has been trying to keep secret -- through a 
misdirected e-mail. 
The e-mail, containing data on California's power purchases yesterday, was 
intended for members of the governor's staff, said Davis spokesman Steve 
Maviglio. It was accidentally sent to some reporters on the office's press 
list, he said. 
Davis is fighting disclosure of state power purchases, saying it would 
compromise negotiations for future contracts. This week, Davis appealed a 
state judge's order to release spot-market invoices, purchase orders and 
confirmation sheets for power contracts signed through June 27. The state is 
buying electricity on behalf of utilities, which are burdened by debt. 
``It's an internal document,'' Maviglio said of the e-mail. ``We have a 
meeting every morning where we discuss issues of the day.'' The e-mail 
contained minutes of today's meeting, he said. 
According to the e-mail, the state bought 283,000 megawatt- hours of 
electricity for $37.4 million yesterday. One megawatt- hour is enough 
electricity to light 750 typical California homes for an hour. Prices ranged 
from $25 to $149.99 a megawatt-hour. Maviglio said the information in the 
e-mail is accurate. 
Power for next-day delivery during peak-use hours averaged $79.67 a 
megawatt-hour on the California-Oregon border yesterday, according to 
Bloomberg Energy Service. California paid an average of $132 on the spot 
market, according to the e-mail. Prices on the spot market tend to be higher 
than on the day-ahead market. 
The governor has proposed releasing data on spot-market purchases once a 
quarter, arguing that the state uses power-buying strategies tailored to each 
season. Lawyers for the media and Republican legislators say state law 
requires disclosure of contracts within seven days after they are signed. 
gee, tough break.
Richard Shapiro
07/06/2001 01:22 PM
Pat Shortridge
07/06/2001 01:18 PM
You hate to say that someone can't do anything right, but THESE GUYS CAN'T DO 
ANYTHING RIGHT.
California Power-Buying Data Disclosed in Misdirected E-Mail
By Daniel Taub 
Sacramento, California, July 6 (Bloomberg) -- California Governor Gray 
Davis's office released data on the state's purchases in the spot electricity 
market -- information Davis has been trying to keep secret -- through a 
misdirected e-mail. 
The e-mail, containing data on California's power purchases yesterday, was 
intended for members of the governor's staff, said Davis spokesman Steve 
Maviglio. It was accidentally sent to some reporters on the office's press 
list, he said. 
Davis is fighting disclosure of state power purchases, saying it would 
compromise negotiations for future contracts. This week, Davis appealed a 
state judge's order to release spot-market invoices, purchase orders and 
confirmation sheets for power contracts signed through June 27. The state is 
buying electricity on behalf of utilities, which are burdened by debt. 
``It's an internal document,'' Maviglio said of the e-mail. ``We have a 
meeting every morning where we discuss issues of the day.'' The e-mail 
contained minutes of today's meeting, he said. 
According to the e-mail, the state bought 283,000 megawatt- hours of 
electricity for $37.4 million yesterday. One megawatt- hour is enough 
electricity to light 750 typical California homes for an hour. Prices ranged 
from $25 to $149.99 a megawatt-hour. Maviglio said the information in the 
e-mail is accurate. 
Power for next-day delivery during peak-use hours averaged $79.67 a 
megawatt-hour on the California-Oregon border yesterday, according to 
Bloomberg Energy Service. California paid an average of $132 on the spot 
market, according to the e-mail. Prices on the spot market tend to be higher 
than on the day-ahead market. 
The governor has proposed releasing data on spot-market purchases once a 
quarter, arguing that the state uses power-buying strategies tailored to each 
season. Lawyers for the media and Republican legislators say state law 
requires disclosure of contracts within seven days after they are signed. 
Will do 
Best,
Jeff
David W Delainey@EES
07/06/2001 02:58 PM
Jeff, I would recommend forwarding these to myself, Lavorato, Dietrich, 
Kitchen and Whalley in the future.
Delainey
Jeremy Blachman
07/06/2001 02:12 PM
Think it would be extremely helpful to have Jeff and/or Jim Steffes update us 
on Monday. I will set-up if you don't already have something going.
Hertzberg (speaker of the CA Assembly) called a meeting yesterday afternoon 
of the group of market participants that have been negotiating the 
"core/noncore" proposal in California.  The purpose of the meeting was to 
brief us on their activities and their gameplan for trying to find a solution 
for California.  Here's a summary of the meeting.  Please keep confidential.
Work will be done over the weekend to put the core/noncore proposal in 
legislative language.  (We will be in the room.)
Work done by the "Plan B" group in the Assembly (Joe Dutra and Joe Nation) 
will also be put into legislative language over the weekend.
Because no proposal is "comprehensive," a complete legislative package will 
be created from the various pieces that have been worked on thus far (i.e core/noncore, "Plan B," Edison MOU)
In addition, there are Republican demands that Hertzberg will need to address 
(e.g., end the litigation) in order to achieve bi-partison support, which is 
what Hertzberg's shooting for. 
To move the legislation, the plan is to establish a "conference committee comprised of an equal number of Democrats and Republicans.
The committe would begin work on Monday and would attempt to finish putting a 
comprehensive bill together, vote it out of the Legislature and send it to 
the Governor for signing by Monday, July 16th.
July 16th is the deadline because that is the date that the PUC will issue 
its proposed decision regarding, among other things, how DWR's revenue 
requirement will be put into rates, whether Direct Access needs to be 
suspended, etc.
The PUC is issuing the draft on the 16th in order to give everyone 30 days to 
review and comment before the Commission votes on a final order on August 
15th.  (The PUC will actually issue a "thought piece" on Monday the 9th and 
will use reactions to the "thought piece" to craft the develop the proposed 
decision it plans to issue on the 16th.)
All of this is still up in the air, however.  As of right now, the leader of 
the Senate (Burton) has not agreed to Hertzberg's gameplan and the 
Republicans, while interested, have not yet committed to join the process.
Jeff Dasovich
Sent by: Jeff Dasovich
07/06/2001 01:16 PM
Hertzberg (speaker of the CA Assembly) called a meeting yesterday afternoon 
of the group of market participants that have been negotiating the 
"core/noncore" proposal in California.  The purpose of the meeting was to 
brief us on their activities and their gameplan for trying to find a solution 
for California.  Here's a summary of the meeting.  Please keep confidential.
Work will be done over the weekend to put the core/noncore proposal in 
legislative language.  (We will be in the room.)
Work done by the "Plan B" group in the Assembly (Joe Dutra and Joe Nation) 
will also be put into legislative language over the weekend.
Because no proposal is "comprehensive," a complete legislative package will 
be created from the various pieces that have been worked on thus far (i.e core/noncore, "Plan B," Edison MOU)
In addition, there are Republican demands that Hertzberg will need to address 
(e.g., end the litigation) in order to achieve bi-partison support, which is 
what Hertzberg's shooting for. 
To move the legislation, the plan is to establish a "conference committee comprised of an equal number of Democrats and Republicans.
The committe would begin work on Monday and would attempt to finish putting a 
comprehensive bill together, vote it out of the Legislature and send it to 
the Governor for signing by Monday, July 16th.
July 16th is the deadline because that is the date that the PUC will issue 
its proposed decision regarding, among other things, how DWR's revenue 
requirement will be put into rates, whether Direct Access needs to be 
suspended, etc.
The PUC is issuing the draft on the 16th in order to give everyone 30 days to 
review and comment before the Commission votes on a final order on August 
15th.  (The PUC will actually issue a "thought piece" on Monday the 9th and 
will use reactions to the "thought piece" to craft the develop the proposed 
decision it plans to issue on the 16th.)
All of this is still up in the air, however.  As of right now, the leader of 
the Senate (Burton) has not agreed to Hertzberg's gameplan and the 
Republicans, while interested, have not yet committed to join the process.
can we talk about this?
Richard Shapiro
07/06/2001 03:52 PM
I Forwarded this one already
Will do 
Best,
Jeff
David W Delainey@EES
07/06/2001 02:58 PM
Jeff, I would recommend forwarding these to myself, Lavorato, Dietrich, 
Kitchen and Whalley in the future.
Delainey
Jeremy Blachman
07/06/2001 02:12 PM
Think it would be extremely helpful to have Jeff and/or Jim Steffes update us 
on Monday. I will set-up if you don't already have something going.
Hertzberg (speaker of the CA Assembly) called a meeting yesterday afternoon 
of the group of market participants that have been negotiating the 
"core/noncore" proposal in California.  The purpose of the meeting was to 
brief us on their activities and their gameplan for trying to find a solution 
for California.  Here's a summary of the meeting.  Please keep confidential.
Work will be done over the weekend to put the core/noncore proposal in 
legislative language.  (We will be in the room.)
Work done by the "Plan B" group in the Assembly (Joe Dutra and Joe Nation) 
will also be put into legislative language over the weekend.
Because no proposal is "comprehensive," a complete legislative package will 
be created from the various pieces that have been worked on thus far (i.e core/noncore, "Plan B," Edison MOU)
In addition, there are Republican demands that Hertzberg will need to address 
(e.g., end the litigation) in order to achieve bi-partison support, which is 
what Hertzberg's shooting for. 
To move the legislation, the plan is to establish a "conference committee comprised of an equal number of Democrats and Republicans.
The committe would begin work on Monday and would attempt to finish putting a 
comprehensive bill together, vote it out of the Legislature and send it to 
the Governor for signing by Monday, July 16th.
July 16th is the deadline because that is the date that the PUC will issue 
its proposed decision regarding, among other things, how DWR's revenue 
requirement will be put into rates, whether Direct Access needs to be 
suspended, etc.
The PUC is issuing the draft on the 16th in order to give everyone 30 days to 
review and comment before the Commission votes on a final order on August 
15th.  (The PUC will actually issue a "thought piece" on Monday the 9th and 
will use reactions to the "thought piece" to craft the develop the proposed 
decision it plans to issue on the 16th.)
All of this is still up in the air, however.  As of right now, the leader of 
the Senate (Burton) has not agreed to Hertzberg's gameplan and the 
Republicans, while interested, have not yet committed to join the process.
"Delaney Hunter"  	07/02/2001 06:00 PM
Please respond to dhunter
Hi all-
Here are the final document and letter. I will also be faxing everyone a
copy of the letter with signatures.
Thanks,
Delaney
- FINAL DRAFT issues outline.doc
- FINAL COVER LETTER.doc
Sorry, but no.
USA: UPDATE 1-PG&E utility gives Calpine debt priority status.
07/06/2001
Reuters English News Service
(C) Reuters Limited 2001.
(changes 1st paragraph, adds details, company statement) 
SAN JOSE, Calif., July 6 (Reuters) - Independent power generator Calpine 
Corp. said on Friday that its contracts with Pacific Gas and Electric Co. 
will be altered, ensuring that Calpine will continue to supply power to the 
bankrupt California utility and that it will get paid more than $250 million 
for power already sold.
Calpine stocks rose more than 14 percent, or more than $5, to $43 after the 
announcement. 
As part of the contract modification, the $267 million, with interest, that 
the utility, a unit of PG&E Corp , owes Calpine in past due receivables under 
the contracts, will be elevated to "administrative priority status," a claim 
which is paid before any other general unsecured creditors. 
Calpine will get the money, in a lump sum, as soon as PG&E has a confirmed 
reorganization plan, which can take as long as four to six months from now, 
Calpine said. 
The move is also a step in the process of untangling California's energy 
crisis, which stemmed from a flawed deregulation plan that has hit the state 
with a series of rolling blackouts. 
Under the agreement, Calpine will continue to receive its contractual 
capacity payments, but it has also set up a fixed rate contract for the next 
five years of about 5.37 cents per kilowatt-hour. 
The contracts are known as qualifying facility contracts because Calpine's 
power plants are qualifying facilities. These types of facilities represent 
more than 20 percent of the state's power supply and sell power generated 
from renewable energy sources to the regulated utilities. 
"Calpine is the first power company to modify its QF contract with PG&E to 
ensure that Northern California consumers will continue to benefit from these 
affordable and reliable energy resources," Calpine senior vice president 
James Macias said in a statement.
The weekend of Dec 15, 16, 17.  Stinson Beach.  Glorious place on the beach Professional blue grass band.  Catered food.  Fun people (even Tom, Karen, 
David, Starr and Nina).   For Prentice's 30th birthday.  And it will just 
suck if you're not there.  Huge hugs, very wet kisses.
See you on Sunday with language on Direct Access.
Best,
Jeff
"Delaney Hunter"  	07/06/2001 02:52 PM
Please respond to dhunter
Folks-
Ok, here is the plan. We need to draft language on the following issues
(including all the options under each of the issues) that were included in
our Roadmap Document:
Direct Access
Large Customer Utility Service options
Rate Relief
Customer Specific Generation
Renewable Energy
These are the pieces that are NOT covered in other plans, documents, etc. We
need to have the language completed no later than Monday 7/9 at 5:00pm.
I am open to suggestions on how best to handle the work -- maybe assigning
the topics above to folks and then getting together to refine and finalize a
work product? If everyone thinks this is a plan that can work and if there
is a specific topic you would like to tackle please let me know. I would
propose meeting on Sunday at say 3:00 at Mike Kahl's office if that meets
with everyone's approval.
Thanks,
Delaney
FYI.  The call took place today at 4:00 pm EDT, but is available for replay 
for 48 hours.
 POWER POINTS:Nevada Suffers FERC Unintended Consequences