Jinbaek Kim 
NETWORK WORLD FUSION FOCUS: PHIL HOCHMUTH
on LINUX
Today's focus: Thinking outside the (server) box with Linux
03/08/00
Dear Wincenty Kaminski,
Today's focus: Thinking outside the=20
(server) box with Linux
Welcome to the first Network World Fusion Focus newsletter on Linux in
the enterprise. With the mountains of information available about Linux,
it can be hard for network professionals to keep up with Linux news that
is fresh and relevant to their jobs. Here each week, you will find Linux
industry news, tips and examples of how Linux is being used in
enterprise networks.  Jumping right in, this week=01,s topic will focus on
how Linux can be used to turn an old PC into a network router.
When people talk about a Linux box, what generally comes to mind is
either a server or client machine running some distribution of Linux.
One way for users to use Linux outside =01&the box=018 is with the Linux
Router Project=01,s distribution of the operating system.
The Linux Router Project (LRP) is a microdistribution of Linux (it fits
on a 1.44M byte floppy) that can be used along with some extra hardware
to turn a variety of low-end PCs into practical, useable network gear.
Additionally, as with most Linux distributions, the software is free.
A variety of different network devices can be put together using LRP.
For instance, using just an Intel 486 PC with a floppy drive, 12M bytes
of RAM and at least two network interface cards, LRP can be used to
assemble a 10M bit/sec Ethernet router. For higher speeds, a Fast
Ethernet router can be assembled with a simple Pentium 100 or higher,
along with 16M bytes of RAM and 10/100M bit/sec network interface cards.
LRP can also be configured as a secondary Domain Name System firewall, a
Remote Authentication Dial-In User Service and a WAN router with DSU
functionality. LRP routers support standard routing protocols, such as
Routing Information Protocol and Open Shortest Path First. Advanced
routing protocols are also supported, such as IPX for NetWare networks
and Token Ring.
Building a Linux router out of spare parts can be useful when setting up
a testing environment that requires the simulation of live router
traffic. It=01,s also more practical than disconnecting your live
commercial routing equipment for use in testing purposes. LRP can also
be put into a live production environment as a way to add extra routers
to a network for a minimal cost.
Because Linux routers can be built with standard PC components, the
materials to build one are likely sitting in a storage room or back
closet somewhere in your office. LRP is a completely free, open source
operating system  so if you can program, you can add functions such as
Multi-protocol Label Switching and load balancing to the router by
writing customized code.
If you are not a Linux hacker, odds are someone else has already written
the code for these types of functions. Start at
to find these kinds of modules. As with many free software products,
your best source of support for LRP will be the Web. An extensive list
of FAQs and tips on using LRP can be found at
Since LRP is developed and distributed mostly by volunteers, download
access to the software is not always very fast. The easiest way to get
it is to log on to   which has a search engine
for Linux documentation and free distributions. Type in =01&Linux Router=018
in the search field, and it will let you choose what geographical region
to download the LRP software and source code from for optimal speed. You
can also try several of these mirror sites to download LRP:
ftp://ftp.cpwright.com/linux-router/
ftp://lrp.rutgers.edu/pub/linux/distributions/linux-router/
ftp://sunsite.unc.edu/pub/Linux/distributions/linux-router/
ftp://ftp.xtdnet.nl/pub/linux/linux-router/
ftp://sunsite.ktu.lt/pub/linux/distributions/linux-router/
ftp://mirror.aarnet.edu.au/pub/linux/linux-router/
ftp://ftp.clear.net.nz/pub/linux-router/
ftp://mailtrans.sote.hu/linuxrouter/
ftp://ftp.di.fct.unl.pt/pub/linux/linux-router/
ftp://ftp.wipol.uni-bonn.de/pub/mirror/ftp.linuxrouter
To contact Phil Hochmuth:
Subscription Services
To subscribe or unsubscribe to any Network World e-mail newsletters,
go to:
To change your email address, go to:
Subscription questions? Contact Customer Service by replying to this
message.
Other Questions/Comments
Have editorial comments? Write Jeff Caruso, Newsletter Editor, at:
For advertising information, write Jamie Kalbach, Account Executive,
at: mailto:jkalbach@nww.com
Network World Fusion is part of IDG.net, the IDG Online Network.
IT All Starts Here:
Shirley,
No problem.
Vince
Shirley Crenshaw
03/08/2000 03:56 PM
Vince:
I would like to take the following days as vacation:
Wednesday, March 15th
Friday, March 31st.
Please let me know if this is ok with you.
Thanks!
Shirley
Angie Collins
03/08/2000 03:49 PM
A video conference with the London office has been scheduled for:
Date: Thursday, March 9
Time: 8:00 a.m. - 9:00 a.m. (CST)
Room: 30C1
Thank you
Angie
Paige,
In this case I shall ask Stinson and Zimin to talk to you next week.
I am going to prepare and send you an  outline of a document
we can produce on defining and testing hedging effectiveness.
Vince
I am in Portland.  Sorry I am traveling a bunch.
By the way, thanks for all your attention and questions.  Your group was 
great to work with 
Thanks for the message. I am traveling on the days when you offer the class.
Please, keep me in mind.
Vince
The MathWorks  Please respond to training@mathworks.com
Dear Wincenty Kaminski,
In response to your requests we have scheduled a week of training in
Houston. Learn MATLAB, Simulink, and Stateflow as taught by our expert
trainers.
We have confirmed a time and place, now we just need your commitment
to attend.  Please share this information with your collegues 
Location :
5555 San Felipe, Suite 1500
Houston, TX 77056
Dates :
4/3, 4/4  MATLAB Training       $990.00
4/4, 4/6  Simulink Training     $990.00
4/7         Stateflow Training  $495.00
How to sign up for a course :
Use a Credit Card and sign up at our web store :
or
Fax your P.O. to 508-647-4468
Contact Scott Wakefield if you have additional questions.
Reserve your spot quickly !!!!  Only 12 spots are available and will fill
quickly.
Cancellation Policy
Tuition is fully refundable if we receive written notification (via mail
or email) of cancellation on or before 7 business days prior to class.
Cancellations made less than 7 business days prior to class will be
charged 25% of the class tuition fee. If you fail to show up to class
without written notice, you will be charged for the full tuition. A
substitute may be sent in your place to avoid a fee.
I look forward to helping you attend this valuable training
Scott Wakefield
Territory Manager
The MathWorks
The MathWorks, Inc.
Phone: (508) 647-7282
VANTIVE: 275861
6314
Tracy,
Confirming the meeting tomorrow, Thursday,  1:30p.m.
Vince Kaminski
$933  to Dean Witter
Shirley,
Please, enroll me in this course.
Vince
Chris Strickland  Dear Vince/Grant,
It was good to meet and talk with you both this morning - very interesting.
Here are the details of the course (actually there are two seperate
courses, one on VaR) that I promised you.
I   both again later in the month.
.
Chris.
COURSE 1:   Energy Derivatives: Pricing and Risk Management
Course Leaders: Dr Les Clewlow and Dr Chris Strickland
Houston: 29-30 March 2000
London:  3-4 April 2000
Fee : STG 1950 / USD 2950
This is an intermediate course aimed at the Energy professional who is
familiar with energy derivative products but who requires the mathematical
foundations of derivative pricing and an understanding of the pricing and
risk management of energy derivatives.
This course assumes that participants are familiar with standard basic
option pricing theory (the Black-Scholes formula, Monte Carlo simulation,
and the use of binomial trees for option pricing).
The format for the course will follow our usual highly practical and
successful style of alternate sessions of lectures and Excel based computer
workshops. To facilitate intensive interaction, the course will be limited
to a maximum of 15 participants so early booking is advisable.
The Excel based computer workshops deal with oil and gas as well as
electricity derivatives and contain detailed calculations for pricing and
risk management. At the end of the 2 days, participants leave with a
diskette containing answers to all the workshops as well as valuable code
for pricing and simulation.
Registration fee includes: pre-course reading, course materials, copies of
relevant research materials, diskette with fully worked solutions to
computer workshops, lunch and refreshments.  Additionally, each attendee
will receive a free copy of Clewlow and Strickland's forthcoming book
"Energy Derivatives: Pricing and Risk Management" which includes
valuable contributions from Enron's Vince Kaminski and Grant Masson.
Upon registration, participants will be sent a pack containing relevant
pre-course reading.
COURSE OUTLINE
Day 1, AM : Introduction to Energy Derivatives Modelling
Energy derivatives - structures and applications
Fundamentals of modeling and pricing
Analysing energy data
Spot price behaviour
Building forward curves - assessing available models
The relationship between the spot price and forward curve dynamics
Workshop : Analysing the properties of energy data - mean reversion,
volatility structures, jumps
Day 1, PM :Spot Price Models and Pricing by Simulation and Trees
Review of spot price models
The pros and cons of spot price models
Pricing standard options, swaptions, caps, floors, and collars
Simulation for spot price models
Pricing exotic options (barriers, lookbacks, Asians, etc.)
Building and using trees for energy derivatives
Building trees consistent with the forward curve
Pricing options in trees
Workshop: Using Simulation and trinomial trees to price energy
derivatives
Day 2, AM : Forward Curve Based Models
Forward curve dynamics and forward curve models
The relationship to spot price dynamics
Multi-factor forward Curve Models
Volatility function interpretation and estimation
Pricing standard energy options
Pricing energy swaptions
Pricing energy exotics using simulation
Workshop : Using simulation to implement multi-factor models and price
energy options
Day 2, PM : Risk Management of Energy Derivatives
Energy market risk and hedging
Computing hedge sensitivities
Determining the hedge instruments
Hedging a energy derivatives book
Value-at-Risk in energy markets - the pros and cons of the approaches
Credit Risk in energy markets - issues and models
Workshop: Hedging an energy portfolio
Please feel free to e-mail us to register for this course and we will
contact you regarding payment.
Course Leaders: Dr Les Clewlow and Dr Chris Strickland
Houston: 31 March 2000
London:  5 April 2000
Fee : STG 950 / USD 1950
This is an intermediate course aimed at the Energy professional who is
familiar with energy derivative products but who requires an understanding
of the theory and calculation of Value at Risk for energy derivative
portfolios.
The format for the course will follow our usual highly practical and
successful style of alternate sessions of lectures and Excel based computer
workshops. To facilitate intensive interaction the course will be limited
to a maximum of 15 participants so early booking is advisable.
The Excel based computer workshops deal with oil and gas as well as
electricity derivatives. At the end of the course participants leave with a
diskette containing answers to all the workshops as well as valuable code
for pricing and VaR calculations.
Registration fee includes: pre-course reading, course materials, copies of
relevant research materials, diskette with fully worked solutions to
computer workshops, lunch and refreshments.  Additionally, each attendee
will receive a free copy of Clewlow and Strickland's forthcoming book
"Energy Derivatives: Pricing and Risk Management".
Upon registration, participants will be sent a pack containing relevant
pre-course reading.
COURSE OUTLINE
Day 1, AM : Understanding the VaR methodologies and issues
What is VaR?
Uses of VaR
Types of VaR methodologies
Implications of applying the RiskMetrics assumptions in energy markets
Delta VaR, historical simulation
Linear and Non Linear Instruments
Workshop: Applying simple VaR methodologies in the energy market
Day 1, PM : Calculation of Energy portfolio VaR using simulation
Modelling the energy forward curve - single and multi-factor
Modelling the joint behaviour of different energies simultaneously
Calculation of covariances and correlations
Incorporating jumps
Detailed example VaR calculation for an energy portfolio
Workshop: Simulating energy forward curves and calculation of VaR for an
energy portfolio.
Dr. Les Clewlow and Dr Chris Strickland hold Associate Research Positions
at both the School of Finance and Economics, University of Technology,
Sydney and the Financial Options Research Centre, University of Warwick,
UK.  Together they have over 20 years combined experience in the financial
and energy derivative markets and have published many articles in academic
and trade journals.  They are the authors of the book "Implementing
Derivatives Models" (Wiley, 1998) and editors of "Exotic Options: The State
of the Art" (ITP, 1998). Their forthcoming book, "Energy Derivatives:
Pricing and Risk Management," is due to be published during the second
quarter 2000.  Currently, their interests are concentrated in the energy
derivatives area, where they have developed a wide range of pricing tools
for electricity options and other energy derivatives.
Hi,
I already sent a copy of this to some of you.
If any one else is interested, attached is a file which contains 
Financial Numerical Recipes in C 
Happy Reading,
Iris Mack 
Ravi Thuraisingham@MUNICATIONS on 03/07/2000 11:28:07 AM
FYI 
Note that the person mentioned in the text below (Ming Lung Lee) is very 
experienced in traditional traffic engineering work. He comes from MCI where 
he was responsible for modeling traffic etc.  It  appears that Sycamore 
finally got him.  One time they had lost him to Corvis (another optical 
equipment company), I guess Sycamore went back to him with a better deal!  As 
soon as this guy is available, I'll set up an all day technical meeting to 
hash out what needs to be done as far as optimization algorithm development 
is concerned.  I want to produce a technical requirement document to clearly 
outline what needs to be done to support dynamic, optical-switched-circuits 
based trading and streaming media applications, etc.  Having such an industry 
expert help us will help 'justify' internally all the the effort on the 
traffic analysis side that John Griebling has asked us to support.  Keep in 
mind that even though he is an expert in the field, the field that we need to 
play in has not develop yet. Even the emerging data based traffic (as opposed 
to voice where blocking of traffic is allowed) analysis is an order of 
magnitude more difficult (due to uncertain load), let alone trading such load 
(which we are planning to do 
Ravi.
... Sycamore hired a guy per Griebling's request, to work with you on the
design/planning piece of the business.  He will be contracted out to Enron
for a period of 6 months initially.  He lives in SF but will be traveling to
whereever you need him.  Jim, Griebling wanted us to set up a meeting
between you guys for Wednesday morning, if you have time.  His name is Ming
Lung Lee and he comes to us from MCI.  Let me know what works.
Kristin.Bethurem@sycamorenet.com
03/07/00 09:44 AM
Hi Ravi.  Fair enough, we will make sure we keep you guys in the loop.  Let
Barb/me know which items we can offload to you guys.
First thing to be done is Barb will schedule a call between us and you all
to gain a better understanding of a number we are trying to back into with
the metro solutions (there are alot of options on our side and we need some
guidelines).  I already talked to John about this this morning so we need to
make some headway on that number.  Also, we are scheduled for a conference
call Wednesday morning with Griebling to discuss where we are at with
initial solutions for metro.  Would you like to join us?
Thursday night, we have a dinner tentatively planned (talk with Griebling
about who, where, etc.).  Friday we will be meeting all day at the Omni in
Interlocken.
Ravi and Jim, per my conversations with John, he is going to run point on
the metro solutions.  Dorn is swamped with other activities.  As for the
switching piece, we discussed our routing software on Monday and I think
that is all we are going to do until Ahi is done then we will set up a
meeting between our guys and the Ahi folks.  The expectation is that this
meeting will occur in the next 30 days.
Also, Sycamore hired a guy per Griebling's request, to work with you on the
design/planning piece of the business.  He will be contracted out to Enron
for a period of 6 months initially.  He lives in SF but will be traveling to
whereever you need him.  Jim, Griebling wanted us to set up a meeting
between you guys for Wednesday morning, if you have time.  His name is Ming
Lung Lee and he comes to us from MCI.  Let me know what works.
The best ways to reach me are my cell phone or text pager.  Cell is
303-619-2485 and pager is 888-467-6167 -- you can send me a text message
from either your pager (if you have a 2 way) or press 3 to get an operator.
thanks, Kristin
Hi Kristin, Jim and I will be in Broomfield, CO from tueday late ~ 10am
until
friday end of day.  We would appriciate being in the loop of any discussion
that
you may have with John and Dorn (provided that they can be shared with us).
Both
John and Dorn are very busy and you can help alleviate some of the
congestion by
send information directly to Jim & me.
,
Ravi.
|        |          Kristin.Bethurem@sycam|
|        |          orenet.com  |        |          03/05/00 04:34 PM   
|
Jim
Thanks for the info.  We will walk through this information and I am sure we
(Brett and Barb) will have some questions as we are modeling with our
potential metro solutions.  When would you and Ravi be available for a
conference call on Tuesday to discuss?
Also, as far as a meeting, I am trying to recall what you are referencing.
Is it in   to this or the switching piece?  Will you two be in Denver
all week?  We have a call with Griebling tomorrow regarding our routing
software, so I can talk with him about how he wants to handle this piece.
Talk to you soon, Kristin
Kristin
Attached is the sanitized file promised.
What is the status on next weeks meeting and more specifically, what is the
location?
Jim
|
JIM:
As part of your vendor negotiation requirements.
Andre F. Bourque
Enron Broadband Services
|
RAVI:
As per your request, the attached profiles have been sanitized of their
sources.
,
Andre F. Bourque
Enron Broadband Services
(See attached file: Pooling Point Profiles.xls)
Tony,
Great. I look forward to visiting  you and your wife on April the 22nd.
No dietary restrictions. 
Vince
Vince,
April 22 is fine. Thanks for accepting the invitation. Do you have any 
dietary restrictions or preferences? Please it is no trouble to tell us (my 
wife would be doing the cooking but I can speak for her). Please let me know.
Thank you,
Tony.
Vince J Kaminski@ECT
03/07/00 10:00 AM
Anthony,
Thanks for the invitation. What about April 22? I have committed to different 
speaking engagements, charities, off-sites etc. for all the Saturdays prior to
this date.
Vince
Vince,
I hope you are well. Sorry I have not been in touch but I have been swamped 
trying to build my organization simultaneously as I endeavor to understand 
EBS and navigate its political terrain. Quite interesting. I shall tell you 
more later.
My wife, Elisabeth and I would love to have you for dinner at our house any 
Saturday at you convenience. Would please let me  know which Saturday would 
be suitable? We are both looking forward to it so please let me know.
Thanks,
Tony
Shirley,
Please, add Gary Hickerson to the list.
Vince
Shirley Crenshaw
03/07/2000 10:15 AM
Hello.
Vince Kaminski and the Research Group would like to bring Ms. Nurit Krausz
to Houston for an exploratory interview.  She presently holds a post doctorate
position in the Mathematics Department at the University of Texas.
They have done a telephone interview with her and she is only available on
Tuesdays and Thursdays,  Looking at everyone's schedule the first available
date would be Tuesday, March 28.
Would you please set this up with her.  I do not know whether she would want
to drive or fly into Houston.  The interviewers would be:
Vince Kaminski
Stinson Gibner
Zimin Lu
Krishna Krishnarao
Grant Masson
Paulo Issler
Vasant Shanbhogue
Her resume is attached.
Thanks!
Shirley
- RESUME.DOC
Shirley,
The file.
Vince
Anurag Saksena
Managing Director, Enterprise Risk
GMAC - RFC
8400 Normandale Lake Blvd.
Suite #600
Minneapolis, Minnesota 55437
Tel: (612) 857 - 6133 (o)
Tel: (612) 943 - 8501 (h)
10273 Antlers Ridge
Eden Prairie, MN 55347
ASaksen@rfc.com
Anthony,
Thanks for the invitation. What about April 22? I have committed to different 
speaking engagements, charities, off-sites etc. for all the Saturdays prior to
this date.
Vince
Vince,
I hope you are well. Sorry I have not been in touch but I have been swamped 
trying to build my organization simultaneously as I endeavor to understand 
EBS and navigate its political terrain. Quite interesting. I shall tell you 
more later.
My wife, Elisabeth and I would love to have you for dinner at our house any 
Saturday at you convenience. Would please let me  know which Saturday would 
be suitable? We are both looking forward to it so please let me know.
Thanks,
Tony
NETWORK WORLD FUSION FOCUS: JASON MESERVE on
SECURITY AND BUG PATCH ALERT
TODAY'S FOCUS: BUG ALERT: WELCOME
03/06/00
Dear Wincenty Kaminski,
Today's Focus: Bug Alert: Welcome
Welcome to the Security and Bug Patch Alert newsletter!
Given the recent spate of high-profile denial-of-service and hack
attacks and the large number of people who have signed up for this
newsletter before this first edition has been even published, it is
clear that security is a major concern in the IT community  as it
should be.
With technology now being looked upon as a profit rather than cost
center, IT departments face more pressure to keep critical systems up
and running  as well as secure. No chief information officer or network
manager wants to have to tell the CEO that their e-commerce site has
been broken into and customer credit card data copied. Stories like that
tend to stick in a potential customer=01,s mind more than an expensive
Super Bowl ad.
It=01,s hard enough to keep up with the latest new technologies, never mind
latest security patch for your operating system or e-commerce
application. But we=01,re here to help.
Once a week we=01,ll publish a list of patches and alerts from all the
major vendors and security organizations with links to the source. We=01,ll
also provide other (hopefully) useful resources for the security-
conscious IT manager.
Comments and suggestions are always welcome! Send mail to
jmeserve@nww.com.
Now on with the latest patches and alerts:
Security glitch hits Foundry switches
From this week=01,s Network World: A security problem has cropped up in
Foundry Networks=01, ServerIron switches that make the devices susceptible
to denial-of-service attacks.
Read the story:
Download the patch:
New version of Apache Web server released
The Apache Server Project released Version 1.3.12 of the popular Apache
Web server this week. The new release fixes what Apache calls a cross-
site scripting problem that could allow malicious HTML tags to be
inserted into client-side scripts. Download the new version at:
Problem with Linux htdig package
Both FreeBSD and Debian are reporting a problem with the htdig package
that runs on their respective platforms. The problem is with the
htsearch and could allow a user to read any file on the local machine
accessible to the user ID that the script is running under (which in
most cases is =01+nobody=01 
For more information from Debian:
to download a patch from FreeBSD:
nmh Linux package patched
Versions of nmh prior to 1.0.3 have a vulnerability that could allow
malicious users to modify the MIME headers in a mail message that may
cause nmh=01,s mshow command to execute arbitrary commands. A patch is
available at:
ftp://ftp.mhost.com/pub/nmh/nmh-1.0.3.tar.gz
Zombie Zapper 1.1 available
Zombie Zapper 1.1 helps shut down the Troj_Trinoo denial-of-service
client on Windows NT and Unix machines. More information at:
Problem with MySQL password authentication
According to the makers of FreeBSD, a vulnerability in the MySQL
database server (prior to Version 3.22.32) could allow anyone that can
connect to the database to access it without a password. More
information at:
To contact Jason Meserve:
Subscription Services
To subscribe or unsubscribe to any Network World e-mail newsletters,
go to:
To change your email address, go to:
Subscription questions? Contact Customer Service by replying to this
message.
Other Questions/Comments
Have editorial comments? Write Jeff Caruso, Newsletter Editor, at:
For advertising information, write Jamie Kalbach, Account Executive,
at: mailto:jkalbach@nww.com
Network World Fusion is part of IDG.net, the IDG Online Network.
IT All Starts Here:
Ravi Thuraisingham@MUNICATIONS on 03/06/2000 04:29:34 PM
Hi John, as per our discussion and e-mails, I am suggesting the following 
dates for the subject offsite:  April 14 & 15 th (Friday & Sat).  Place and 
agenda to follow once this date is nailed up.   The heads of each group will 
decide who will attend.  We would also invite Kevin Hannon, Scott Yeager, Tom 
Gros, Ted Seitz and Jean Mrha once the dates and agenda are agreed upon by 
the Technical folks.
As before, the idea is to introduce the two of the most technical groups 
within Enron and to exchange ideas and issues.  The Enron research team will 
provide trading and modeling presentations and the Optical Network 
Engineering team will present networking and components related topics.
Take away from the two days will be to provide John Griebling's group with 
better understanding about how the trading markets have developed in general 
and energy markets in particular via Enron (i.e.,  how the sausage was 
made!).  Likewise, John's group will provide us with better understanding of 
optical networking from a technical perspective.  Particularily, how EBS is 
planning to develop the Puplic Switched Optical Network (PSON) that John has 
'branded' our pooling point based network!
Please reply ASAP if these two days (April 14 & 15) will work.  Additionally, 
John, is the original suggestion to hold it in Scott Yeager's cabin somewhere 
up in Colorado mts. still holds?  If yes, I should probably let Scott know If not, I'll try to find other places--any suggestions, anyone? 
,
Ravi.
Vince J Kaminski
03/06/2000 03:32 PM
Karla,
Thanks. Here are Helyette's coordinates:
Helyette Geman
Universite de Paris-Dauphine
Place du Marechal de Lattre-de-Tassigny
75775 Paris CEDEX 16
Phone: 33 1 44 054 943 (o)
33 1 46 040 110 (h) (f)
Fax  : 33 1 44 054 937
geman@cidmail.services.dauphine.fr
Helyette.Geman@dauphine.fr
Vince
Vince and Stinson,
I checked the file and the maintenance that automatically renews on 4/1/2000  
is for the following products:
All 4 of your @GLOBAL licenses
SPAV
SWING
I will go ahead and contact FEA and see about getting the renewal invoice for 
these.  I'll send it to Shirley for payment once I have it.
The products:  @INTEREST, SEAPC, and SEAPP have not been on maintenance for a 
while.  FEA told us a couple of years ago I believe that they do not have 
maintenance available for these products any longer.  So, you don't need to 
worry about cancelling @INTEREST.
Also, just FYI - your @ENERGY.1 and @ENERGY.2 licenses have maintenance 
through 10/20/2000.
If you have any questions, please let me know.  Otherwise, I will proceed 
with contacting FEA about you renewal of the @GLOBAL, SPAV, and SWING 
licenses.
Thanks,
Karla
Vince,
I hope you are well. Sorry I have not been in touch but I have been swamped 
trying to build my organization simultaneously as I endeavor to understand 
EBS and navigate its political terrain. Quite interesting. I shall tell you 
more later.
My wife, Elisabeth and I would love to have you for dinner at our house any 
Saturday at you convenience. Would please let me  know which Saturday would 
be suitable? We are both looking forward to it so please let me know.
Thanks,
Tony
Dear Energy Professional:
We are pleased to start you today on a FREE TWO-WEEK TRIAL to Platts Energy 
Trader, providing comprehensive daily market coverage of both natural gas and 
electricity in the converging North American energy market. Today's issue is 
attached below.
Platts Energy Trader is brought to you by the editors of Inside FERC's Gas 
Market Report and Power Markets Week, both published by Platts, the energy 
market information division of The McGraw-Hill Companies.
Platts Energy Trader will put on your desktop each morning the best market 
reporting available on North American electricity and gas, along with unique 
coverage such as forward assessments, regional spark spreads and integrated 
market commentary. It will give you critical context in today's rapidly 
converging energy marketplace.
Valuable and Unique Features Include:
* Daily assessments of the forward electricity market at six key hubs 
extending out more than a year.
* Near-term forward power deals-the most data and products covered in the 
industry.
* First-of-a-kind spark spreads based on actual efficiency rates for power 
plants in specific regions, a unique hedging and analysis tool.
* Expanded daily natural gas spot prices at more than 60 locations, including 
11 new market area points.
* 24 on-peak and 21 off-peak daily electricity indexes.
* The most frequent and comprehensive power outage tables found anywhere.
* Daily key indicators for national forward electric power prices and 
national supply area gas prices.
* Succinct national overview of gas and power markets, and how they're 
interacting.
* Three regional sections, providing focused coverage for traders, along with 
leading news.
* Cumulative averages of daily prices throughout the calendar month for all 
gas pricing and all on-peak daily electricity indexes.
For questions, call our sales department at 877-286-8897 or 212-904-2004; 
e-mail, info@platts.com.
Meanwhile, we hope you enjoy your free two-week trial to Platts Energy Trader.
Sincerely,
Richard Schwartz
Platts Marketing Director
P.S.-Want to subscribe now? Call 877-286-8897 or 212-904-2004. The annual 
subscription
price for this comprehensive daily package of both natural gas and 
electricity market
intelligence is just $1,495, a $500 savings off the regular subscription rate 
of $1,995
(plus applicable sales tax, Canadian GST or VAT).
If you need to download Acrobat Reader to read this file, go to www.adobe.com.
To decline free trial of Platts Energy Trader, hit reply and type "stop trial.
- et032201.pdf
Jana Phillips
Marketing Manager
New York Mercantile Exchange
1000 Louisiana Street, Suite 1095
Houston, TX 77002
Phone: (713) 658 9296
Fax  : (713) 658 9393
Jlpnymex@aol.com
Karla,
Thanks. Here are Helyette's coordinates:
Helyette Geman
Universite de Paris-Dauphine
Place du Marechal de Lattre-de-Tassigny
75775 Paris CEDEX 16
Phone: 33 1 44 054 943 (o)
33 1 46 040 110 (h) (f)
Fax  : 33 1 44 054 937
geman@cidmail.services.dauphine.fr
Helyette.Geman@dauphine.fr
Vince
Vince and Stinson,
I checked the file and the maintenance that automatically renews on 4/1/2000  
is for the following products:
All 4 of your @GLOBAL licenses
SPAV
SWING
I will go ahead and contact FEA and see about getting the renewal invoice for 
these.  I'll send it to Shirley for payment once I have it.
The products:  @INTEREST, SEAPC, and SEAPP have not been on maintenance for a 
while.  FEA told us a couple of years ago I believe that they do not have 
maintenance available for these products any longer.  So, you don't need to 
worry about cancelling @INTEREST.
Also, just FYI - your @ENERGY.1 and @ENERGY.2 licenses have maintenance 
through 10/20/2000.
If you have any questions, please let me know.  Otherwise, I will proceed 
with contacting FEA about you renewal of the @GLOBAL, SPAV, and SWING 
licenses.
Thanks,
Karla
Stinson,
What is SPAV? Is it the basket option model?
Vince
Vince and Stinson,
I checked the file and the maintenance that automatically renews on 4/1/2000  
is for the following products:
All 4 of your @GLOBAL licenses
SPAV
SWING
I will go ahead and contact FEA and see about getting the renewal invoice for 
these.  I'll send it to Shirley for payment once I have it.
The products:  @INTEREST, SEAPC, and SEAPP have not been on maintenance for a 
while.  FEA told us a couple of years ago I believe that they do not have 
maintenance available for these products any longer.  So, you don't need to 
worry about cancelling @INTEREST.
Also, just FYI - your @ENERGY.1 and @ENERGY.2 licenses have maintenance 
through 10/20/2000.
If you have any questions, please let me know.  Otherwise, I will proceed 
with contacting FEA about you renewal of the @GLOBAL, SPAV, and SWING 
licenses.
Thanks,
Karla
FYI
Vince
Liam Leahy  Please respond to lleahy@hightechbiz.com
This will confirm our meeting at your office on 16th of March 2000
at 8AM.
We will be at the energy expo booth nbr. 931 on the 14th =0F- 16th
and staying at the Allen Park Inn on Allen Parkway if you need to
reach us.
Liam Leahy
For
Dr. Robert E. Brooks
direct line (323) 913-3355
Main line  (323) 663-4831
- att1.htm
Ravi,
Sounds good.
Vince
Ravi Thuraisingham@MUNICATIONS on 03/06/2000 12:44:08 PM
John can't do it till after April 10th.  So we will shoot for April 13, etc.
Ravi.
john_griebling@palm.net
03/02/00 09:58 AM
Please respond to john_griebling
i won't be available until after april 10th.
Ravi_Thuraisingham@.net wrote on 3/1/00 12:29:
Hi Shirley, please give me a few dates form end of march to first week
in April
to do an offsite for Vince's direct reports (including myself) and
selected EBS
research people. This includes, Vince direct report from our research
group and
the following people fr
Jana Phillips
Marketing Manager
New York Mercantile Exchange
1000 Louisiana Street, Suite 1095
Houston, TX 77002
Phone: (713) 658 9296
Fax  : (713) 658 9393
Jlpnymex@aol.com
Jana,
Thanks again for the invitation to join you at the Rodeo. It was a great 
pleasure
to meet you and your husband.
What   about getting together next week for a movie and/or dinner? I shall 
call you
later this week to find out when you are free. I have a trip to NYC on 
Tuesday and 
Wednesday, but Thursday or Friday should be fine.
I have  a speaking engagement on April 6 in Florida (a conference organized by
Florida Power and Light). This means I shall miss the meeting of
the Symphony Partners on that day. Please, keep me in mind for the following
meetings and I shall be very glad to join you.
Vince
Jlpnymex@aol.com on 03/06/2000 09:27:44 AM
Vince,
It was a pleasure to meet you last week at our Rodeo night.  I am glad you
could join us.
I am going to fax you the invitation to the Houston Symphony Partners party
that we discussed.  I hope you can attend.
Keep in touch and let's get together for lunch and/or seeing "American
Beauty."
Jana Phillips
713-658-9296
Shirley,
Voucher # 0100015652  for  $359.78
Vince
Stinson,
Most recent version of my presentation.
Vince
VKaminski@aol.com on 03/05/2000 05:21:09 PM
- options2fin.ppt
Let me think about a similar publication. Zimin, any ideas?
Vince
Gopalakrishnan Subramaniam@_DEVELOPMENT
03/06/2000 04:34 AM
Sent by: Subramaniam Gopalakrishnan@_DEVELOPMENT
Thanx  a  million . The book is just  superb . Would there be any similar 
literature on the Interest Rate front   
G.Subbu
Shirley,
Please, renew my membership.
Vince
Teresa Knight  Just a last reminder that you haven't renewed your 2001 NESA/HEA dues.  We
are in the process of preparing to publish our annual directory and are
hopeful that you will take a moment to renew your dues so that you are
included.  If you have misplaced your form, please visit our website at
www.nesanet.org and click on WHAT IS NESA, or call the office at
713/856-6525 and we can update your records over the phone with a credit
card.  Dues are only $75 and you don't want to be left out!
Let us hear from you, or if you wish to be deleted, just respond to this
message.  Thanks for your consideration and we hope you'll renew your dues!
Teresa Knight
Vice President, Membership
NESA/HEA
(713)856-6525
Fax (713)856-6199
Martin,
Thanks.
Vince
I did not find anybody in EBS who seems to know or be involved in any 
e-procurement issues.  In Enron Corp, however, there is an initiative called 
iBuyIt.  This is a system that Corp is deploying for e-procurement through 
Corp and ENA, and will get to EBS sometime late this year.
John Gillespie is in charge of the iBuyIt initiative.  Perhaps he is the 
appropriate contact.  I left a voice mail with him, but have not yet received 
a response.
Martin
Vince J Kaminski
03/22/2001 07:17 AM
Martin,
Please, take a look at Question 3.
Who is the right person at EBS?
Vince
Jinbaek Kim  Dr. Kaminski,
Sorry for the late response,
it took me some time to coordinate things.
Finally, it's almost dont It turned out that from June to August
will be best for me for work at ENRON
(Say June.4 to August.4)
But I still need to know several things from your side.
Could you answer following questions?
First:
Is my suggested working period is OK with you?
If so, let me know what to do for settlement
during the period.
Second:
I got a list of work, I might be able to do for
DealBench team from Ross and Suresh.
I'd like to know it is still a valid work list:
The list he sent is as following:
 1.  Write a paper in layman's terms that answers
 questions like the following:
 Benefits of auctioning online for both buyers and
 sellers, particularly in reverse auctions
 Explanation how multi-variable auctions are not
 as efficient as price-only auctions (is this true?)
 How many participants are recommended for a
 successful live auction
 What types of goods and services are best suited
 for live auctions versus sealed bid quotes
 Opinions on lotting strategies
 Trends in online private auctions
 2.  Identify appropriate recent auction research (3
 or 4 papers out of the 90+ you provided)and obtain approvals from the
 authors to post on our site
 3. Create a list/bibiliography of relevant auction
 literature (with hyperlinks?)
 4.  Would you be willing to offer auction consulting
 services to our customers (if they are interested)
Third:
There is an e-procurement forum at Haas School of business,
in May 22. The chair of the forum is my advisor Prof. Arie Segev.
A person from Wells Fargo Bank will talk about Wells Fargo's role
in e-marketplace payment initiative,
where ENRON broadband services is also one of key players
along with Citibank.
He asked me whether you can contact a person at
ENRON broadband services, who's related to the initiative.
He wants to know whether we will have a speaker from ENRON
to see ENRON's perspective, in the Forum.
Here is a link to news related to the initiative,
Fourth:
My advisor wants to know whether
there could be any opportunity to do a case study,
regarding ENRON's business.
He is interested in e-procurement and e-marketplaces.
Business model and System architecture 
Thanks for reading this long email.
I'll look forward to your answer..
I am sorry for giving you so much burden
to answer those questions possibly not easy to answer.
Warm Jinbaek
Go Bears!
:"'._..---.._      :      a   a      :                 __....._
:     _.-0-._           : `._`-'_           __    .'      __.'      .'`--..__      _._   
On Mon, 5 Mar 2001 Vince.J.Kaminski@ wrote: