ok that is fine , I will give mark jerry's' balls , I just want a chance to kick your ass at golf buddy
I am still waiting for Nov. 2 .................then I can kick the ass of a golfing lawyer
dq
Alright, I'll throw my two cents in.  Dutch is right, Ricky is right, Ernie is right, as is Kevin and everyone else who responded.  We are an extremely fortunate bunch.  We tend to be extraordinarily resilient and forgiving.  I took a bunch of flak over the past three years for my frequent absences, however, they were not absences because of a flippant attitude.  Law school took its toll as did accommodating Jo's set of friends.  My time had to be split many ways and it can be difficult to juggle everything as I am sure you are all aware.  But, mind you, I was not absent because I didn't care, or found something better to do.  It was never because I didn't want to.  At the risk of this becoming even more of a love in, you guys should know, as this is apparently the only opportunity we've taken, you are my friends.  And I would like to keep it that way.  I have to go now.  Mark says that that the keyboard placement blocks his access to my balls.
Jerry
jerry is practicing his law talk
did not answer the question but gave a 500 word response
Three
>> "Martinez, Ernesto Jr"  WHat is the over/under on the number of times Jerry throws his club(s)?
ok that is fine , I will give mark jerry's' balls , I just want a chance
to kick your ass at golf buddy
I am still waiting for Nov. 2 .................then I can kick the ass
of a golfing lawyer
dq
Dear Mr. Arnold:
For the ACCESS 2001 Beta Testing please log onto the ACCESS 2001 Beta
Testing web-site at  
User Name:  John Arnold
User Login ID:  e96
User Password:  betatest
Please see the attached documents for instructions and information.  If you
have any questions please direct them to the BETA Test Lab at 212-299-2819
or the NCSCC at 1-800-438-8616.  Thank you for your participation.
,
Mildred Rodriguez
212-299-2654
ACCESS FAQ's SYS USERS 8-23-02_.doc  - AUGUST Access 2001 Client Machine Configuration0823.doc 
- AUGUST NYMEX ACCESS FAQ's SYS USERS 8-23-02_.doc 
- Citrix Login Memo aug22.doc 
great work out , the market is nuts today
i like the rug and we can buy it just do not want to pay the 2800
talk laters
luv you
dq
Hope you had a good workout.
What should I tell the rug guy- I need to call him today.
thanks
love you
kay
Scott,
Do you know how long the CBOT will stop trading at Noon 
My Thougthts and prayers are with you and your company.
Dutch
we can do two groups of  3
don't you guys think we need at least a 7th for golf so they will
not make us pair up with someone else? my friend christian
cancelled when he found out kevin was going to be there.  thanks
alot kevin 
ricardo
Jerry is a no for Sat.