- ivy_kao.vcf  
Bernie said he has given Ed all the file locations and such.  I asked him to email you and I anything he thinks important.
Update schedule through 3/4/02.
Have a good weekend!
Goodell want phone numbers for the following WIlliams people.
Jon Warzel in Tulsa
Thomas Coleman in Atlanta
I hope I have the right Bob Hall.  I'm trying to get sitara access to the West and Texas Desk and they have not been approved yet.  I'm waiting for Phillip Love (now with UBS) to approve the West and O'Neal Winfree (not sure who this is) to approve the Texas Desk.
Tommy Yanowski was able to help with a couple of these but it looks like we need to get the approving parties changed.
I also left a message for the help desk about this.
You were not given access to AEP.
This resource request has been rejected. You can view the details of the  request by clicking  
Request ID          : 000000000083213
Approver Type       : Data
Signature           : tommy.j.yanowski@
Comments            : Chris should have access to Enron Estate portfolios only.  He should not need access to any AEP portfolios.
Request Create Date : 2/20/02 3:28:38 PM
Requested For       : chris.germany@
Resource Name       : Sitara Houston Production AEP Edit Trader
Resource Type       : Applications
FYI, I just bumped up the forecast for next week from $19,000 to $37,000 because Tallahassee took the swing gas for the weekend.  I've also put a manual date and time on my swing gas cash forecast worksheet.
Updated forecast for next week attached 
of course, its my perrrrogative to changemy mind and go burger hopping.
Yum, with only veggies on my half.
Sounds like a pizza night to me.
How about something nourishing and not too fatty?  Take care of your temple!
ii
I leaving for the day.  I'm going to drop by Shemin's office (if I can remember which one it is) and leave what I have on the contracts.  It's slow going because it takes a long time for the contracts to pop up on the screen.
Wonder where I should go to lunch today?  Maybe the BOOOOOFEEEEEET 
I still am unable to get into the EBB.  Did the capacity get awared to Boston Gas?
Chris:
The offer is now on our Iroquois OnLine system and has an offer number of 50153.  The only thing I've added is Liz Dennehy's email address which I have as ldenehy@keyspanenergy.com.
Also the offer term end date is 4/1/2002 at 09:00.  If I left it at your 3/31/2002 09:00 then they wouldn't be able to nominate it on the very last day of the month.  Please let me know if that is ok.  Thanks.
Ivy
"Germany, Chris" wrote:
 Ivy