The Benefit Committee is?
comprised of 75 private-sector professionals from diverse fields and
backgrounds who are supporting our local efforts by selling at least 5
tickets to the benefit. The entire committee list will be highlighted on
the invitation. Tickets are $150. VIP tickets are $300 and will include an
exclusive reception with panel participants.
print
Ross Koller
10/24/2000 11:46 AM
fyi
Ross Koller
24/10/2000 10:29
was asked into a meeting yesterday regarding the eventual purchase of 15-25% 
of the gdansk refinery.
enron has been approached by the polish govt (and the main russian crude 
supplier JNS) to participate in this privatisation.  i have copies of the 
brief for all of you.  further background is that JNS (a smaller russian 
crude supplier) has 85% of the contracts into that refinery (and the Plock 
refinery), and controls the Druzbha pipeline.  they want us to b involved as 
the headline western company.  (the Plock ref people and the JNS people wud 
like to buy the thing but for political reasons cannot until about 5 years 
down the road.)   Therefore, we can structure our deal w/ a put option for a 
later date.
We can view this as a long crack position, with an eventual put in place 
if/when we don't like the deal.
There are other optionality benefits that need to be assessed.  (so far i 
have told them to count the trading angle as 0 profit, so that they don't 
load us up w/ a lot of bs).  We can use the facilities as a terminal.  We can 
just use the infrastructure to re-sell the crude that they get on the 
pipeline.  We can sell the ulsd they make and replace w/ regular diesel Given their power needs they have their own plant but are still short 300 MW, 
so the power people like it.  etc etc.
I have already told them that we did not really want to waste our time 
thinking about this project if the specter of a reuters headline blaring that 
'Enron Buys Polish Refinery' is going to kill the deal from Skilling's 
perspective.  they assure me that they have run it by sheriff and he likes 
the power aspect and the higher profile this wud give us in poland so he is 
favorable towards it, for the moment.  rac will be looking for 20-25% roi, 
which may kill the whole thing anyway.  they have already gotten toxic waste 
indemnity from the govt.
we need to ask questions/poke holes and get as much information as possible 
out of the govt and JNS, because either they will do the deal and throw this 
in our laps, or they might pass on something that wud actually turn out to be 
interesting if everybody wud please read the brief and come up w/ issues to be clarified 
by wednesday next week, i would appreciate it. thx 
I had to cancel my trip to Phila today--bummer.  Nov 7 is fine.  (I'm out of 
town this sunday for one week)  I'm psyched about australia, but only for two 
days is a little sad.  Anyway, I'm here through sunday if there is a woe 
emergency 
Alexandra Saler@EES
10/24/2000 08:08 AM
I am looking forward to it as well.  Don't worry...I am not planning on 
spending too much time on our sob stories!  Tuesday, November 7 is the best 
for me.  If that doesn't work, Thursday may work, but on the later side.  I 
think I have to have a drink with a consultant coming into town, but I am not 
sure 
Have a safe trip and I can't wait to hear all about it.  If you decide that 
Australia is to amazing to leave, I will completely understand and we can 
reschedule.  I wouldn't blame you a bit!  In fact, we could have drinks 
there....I've never been!
ALI
I'm looking forward to our drinks/dinner of woes.  (But not too long on woes, 
I don't like not being in a good mood).  When is good for you week after next?
Jeff
P.S.  I really don't like that expression "misery loves company"  by the 
way 
FYI
Robert Johnston
10/24/2000 09:03 AM
According to a source close to the Bush campaign, the principal names being 
vetted now for Secretary of Treasury in a Bush Administration are Larry 
Lindsey, former Fed Governor and Bush's economic policy adviser, Don Marron, 
chairman and CEO of PaineWebber, and Jack Hennessey, former CEO of CSFB.
Thanks.  Good job. 
Patrick Danaher@
10/24/2000 08:15 AM
Along with the fact that most market participants where short the structure 
based on the spr release and the perception of weaker (price driven) demand!
please print
Robert Lasky  Jeff,
Loren mentioned that you would be willing to forward my resume and bio along
to Enron Broadband and New Power Company.  After you have the chance to
review them, I would like to speak with you to get your feedback and a sense
of what both companies are currently planning.  Thanks in advance for your
help.
Best,
Robert
- Robert_lasky.pdf
I'm looking forward to our drinks/dinner of woes.  (But not too long on woes, 
I don't like not being in a good mood).  When is good for you week after next?
Jeff
P.S.  I really don't like that expression "misery loves company"  by the 
way 
Is this why BP thought to squeeze the market?
Jeff
Patrick Danaher@
10/23/2000 05:17 PM
The most significant aspect of the syncrude production problem is the unique 
blending qualities of the sweet crude produced by the plant. The synthetic 
crude produced by this plant has no bottoms. All other crude oils have at 
least some bottoms, therefore the demand on the replacement blending barrel 
will be higher than the volume of barrels lost. With the plant production 
down approximately 3.5 to 4.0 millions barrels, the impact ultimately will be 
an increase of wti demand during the Oct. 15-nov 15  approaching 130,000 b/d. 
Given the tightness of light sweet crude oil in padd 2, I believe this is 
significant. I think it was the main reason for x/z strengthening and the 
recent strength in z/f may also be attributed to this recent supply 
disruption. Until there are additional sweet barrels arbed into padd 2 from 
padd 3, I think we will see strength in the prompt spreads.
Yes, there is a formalized process.  After Credit and Legal, and in most 
cases RAC, look at transactions, a VP or higher will sign the Dash.  For Doug 
to sign the Bahamas option contract, I need to know the premium.  Please 
contact Brent Price for our DASH.  (Deal approval sheet)
Jeff
Merritt Thomas                10/23/2000 04:51 PM
Jeff,
I'm sorry to bother you with this, but I can't seem to get a straight answer 
from anyone - when one is signing a contract around here, is there a form you 
fill out for approval?  In London, everyone fills out a CACS form (Contract A
uthorisation Control Sheet), and if the deal is > $0.5m, then a DASH is 
required as well.  Brad seems to think that if a DASH is not required, then 
the business unit head signs off on the expenditure?  Is there a formalised 
global-markets process for this, or is this a product-by-product thing?  (in 
which case, I'll assume LNG has no process, and I'll direct Eric to implement 
one...)  (Doug Arnell needs to purchase his option for the Bahamas land 
thing, thus the reason for the question).
fyi, attached is European CACS form. 
Thanks,
Merritt  
I'll defer to you.  How does this supplement your reports now?
Mark E Haedicke
10/23/2000 04:38 PM
Mike and Jeff:
I am rethinking the legal reports.  Alan and I am preparing a monthly trading 
and transactional summary, a litigation report and the TOP TEN legal risk 
report.  To me the last two are the most important.  On a conceptual basis, 
is that what you need or want to see?
Mark
Do you have an answer for me regarding the simulation I asked you to run?
jeff,we have bought approx. 2.75mmbbls. of dec crude and reduced heat cracks 
300mb. This means we should be close to our var limits
but not sure if under. Secondly,products has var coming from heat cracks (we 
got hit on EOL for 975 mb  on friday),jet swaps  (also EOL earlier
last week  of about 1mm bbl.),and some gasoline cracks in 2002.Otherwise our 
products positions on both dides of the Atlantic are as small
as anytime in recent history.
John, you guys have to be under Var tonight before we leave for the evening That means buying on access if necessary 
Thanks for the update.  What you point out in your email is exactly what we 
need to be doing.  Also, I'll be happy to meet with you regarding rotations 
when you are ready 
Jeff
David P Dupre
02/26/2001 06:53 AM
I am pleased that Jason Fischer is doing a fine job as he took my place in 
the role of checking out NYMEX trades and formulating new
relationships with brokers.
One of the key aspects of this job was moving trades to brokerage houses with 
credit financing available at no cost.  Basically,
the brokerage houses want to capture the brokerage fees, in volume, and 
believe that they are able to not worry about charging
for the credit lines.
I'd like to meet you with about this.  An contact of mine in accounting and I 
developed a spreadsheet (see attached: Xpit analysis) to measure
how much we are able to save by these movements.  Also, according to the 
accomplishments list, you'll notice that because of our actions on Fri Oct
13 directed by John Wilson in Products, only for CL, HO, and HU, we were able 
to see an instantaneous change from paying out millions each day to 
the numerous brokers to having millions of dollars wired to us by the brokers.
One of the critical functions of my former job was to manage the positions of 
all futures and options
for all commodities.  From my experience in working closely with the traders, 
we discovered, especially on
Friday, October 13, that moving positions to brokerage houses with credit 
financing dramatically 
reduced our margin expenses thus increasing our daily cashflow in our wired 
brokerage 
accounts. 
Most of September and the week of Oct 9 had negative cashflows.
In addition, I worked with our global finance group, (Sarah Wesner) , to 
increase existing lines and open
other lines of credit at other brokerage houses.
This action, provided we monitor this vigilantly and remind the traders on a 
frequent basis to stay
focused on clearing trades with houses that have financing, will save Enron 
millions of dollars everyday.
Our treasury group, (Mary Perkins), is pleased with this type of financing 
approach as we
are using the additional money to reduce Enron's short term debt.
I have informed my former group (esp. Jason Fischer) of the tremendous value 
which my prior
function may add to Enron's financial well-being. 
It is this type of proactive thinking and creative financing that I hope to 
generate in my next rotations. Currently, I am in 
EnronCredit.com.
Furthermore, now that I am in the analyst program, I'd like to discuss with 
you in the late summer/early fall for rotation opportunities.
Thanks
David
3-3528
any thoughts?
Jeffrey A Shankman
02/07/2001 08:30 AM
As Mike and I look across all of our business units, we continue to look for 
optimal organizational structures that will enable each business unit to 
achieve it's targets for  2001 and beyond.  In our weather business, there 
appears to be a lack of seamlessness.  Reporting relationships, P&L, and 
vision for this business are not best alligned as this business exists 
today 
Mike and I would like to address this as follows:  all employees in the 
weather business will now become full time employees of EGM and report to 
Mark Tawney.  We need 100% full time dedication from each of these employees 
in the weather business.  Accordingly Mark and I will be looking at, with 
each of you, the employees that may be affected by this transition.  It is 
important that both business units work together to determine which 
individuals will be in Weather, or  will be in EEL.  Once done, Mark will 
begin adding to the weather team in each of your regions.   It is obvious 
that the organizations and product lines can lever each other and the 
synergies will provide powerful results in our regional gas and power 
businesses in particular 
If you look at coal, lng, equities, etc, we have employees based in each of 
your regions who report back into the appropriate business unit within EGM This restructure will similarly align weather 
Thanks for the clarification.  Get it listed if you like 
Jeff
Jim Goughary
10/23/2000 04:32 PM
Regarding MTBE we all are aware it will likely phase out over the next 2/3 
years BUT we are a producer of 15,000 bpd from our company owned gulf coast 
plant. We also have several years left on our MTBE marketing agreement with 
Dubai Natural Gas Company. As a producer we are in an Ideal position to make 
markets in gulf coast MTBE. While the production facility was not a good 
business for Enron (and has been mostly written off) MTBE Trading has been 
and continues to be a good business. I would assume that the plant is also 
now making profits with the capital expense written off.
Great.  Thanks.   Jeff
Jeff:
About a month ago, we asked EOL to create three new products for the 
financial petrochemical and plastics desk.  They are:
1.  propylene (polymer grade 2.  a polypropylene to propylene spread, and
3.  a polyethylene to ethylene spread.
We expect to have these rolled out this week.
Doug
John Nowlan is concerned that this var number isn't right.  According to 
john, the group significantly reduced postions (on the whole).  What about 
the forward forward vol?  Have we looked at that?  My instinct is that 
something is not accurate with this var number today if you look at the 
resulting position as of Friday evening's postion report.  I'd like someone 
to be dedicated to the crude and products group full time who can help us 
with "what if" scenarios throughout the trading day, and who can work with 
Pavel on the crude desk on the forward forward vol issue.  Also, I'd like to 
isolate first gas holdings since that is taking up approx 2 million in var 
each day 
Jeff
Risk Ops. had problems loading the ERAC crude options spreadsheet  and VaR 
had to be recalc. twice to confirm the $12.7MM violation.  Furthermore, we 
had to scrub and confirm all positions with risk ops. before limits report 
can be published 
Christian
Jeffrey A Shankman@ECT
10/23/2000 03:27 PM
Why did I not get this until 12:41?
Hi Lea, 
What are you thinking about with Jeff (Koons 
Jeff
FYI.  I sent this monday 4pm if you hear any rumblings.  Jeff
It seems to me we are in the middle of no man's land with respect to the 
following:  Opec production speculation, Mid east crisis and renewed 
tensions, US elections and what looks like a slowing economy  (?),  and no 
real weather anywhere in the world.  I think it would be most prudent to play 
the markets from a very flat price position and try to day trade more 
aggressively.  I have no intentions of outguessing Mr. Greenspan, the US. 
electorate, the Opec ministers and their new important roles, The Israeli and 
Palestinian leaders, and somewhat importantly, Mother Nature.  Given that, 
and that we cannot afford to lose any more money, and that Var seems to be a 
problem, let's be as flat as possible. I'm ok with spread risk  (not front to 
backs, but commodity spreads 
The morning meetings are not inspiring, and I don't have a real feel for 
everyone's passion with respect to the markets.  As such, I'd like to ask 
John N. to run the morning meetings on Mon. and Wed 
Thanks.   Jeff
It seems to me we are in the middle of no man's land with respect to the 
following:  Opec production speculation, Mid east crisis and renewed 
tensions, US elections and what looks like a slowing economy  (?),  and no 
real weather anywhere in the world.  I think it would be most prudent to play 
the markets from a very flat price position and try to day trade more 
aggressively.  I have no intentions of outguessing Mr. Greenspan, the US. 
electorate, the Opec ministers and their new important roles, The Israeli and 
Palestinian leaders, and somewhat importantly, Mother Nature.  Given that, 
and that we cannot afford to lose any more money, and that Var seems to be a 
problem, let's be as flat as possible. I'm ok with spread risk  (not front to 
backs, but commodity spreads 
The morning meetings are not inspiring, and I don't have a real feel for 
everyone's passion with respect to the markets.  As such, I'd like to ask 
John N. to run the morning meetings on Mon. and Wed 
Thanks.   Jeff
Explain to me why Don S. went golfing at 3 pm and you have this huge var 
violation in his book?  I'm not sure that was the best idea he's ever had.
print
--
,
Publication Department/DigestNET
Hydrocarbon Publishing Company
--
- WK1023.pdf
please print.
Jim Goughary
10/23/2000 02:51 PM
Following are my sugestions for the next three EOL gasoline products;
1. 2nd month NYMEX UNL
2. MTBE front month swap, U S Gulf fixed price.
3. Cal 02 UNL gasoline crack spread (this one probably requires VAR increase)
4. WTI swaps that match the timing of our gasoline and HO cracks. This gives 
customers the option to convert crack spread positions to fixed price 
gasoline and HO swaps through EOL.
Regarding long dated gasoline positions we are long 75 kb per month cal 02 
gulf coast gas cracks which probably won't move much in value until 
march/April 01. I view this position as very low risk and good profit 
potential but this position does tie up VAR. If marketing can sell at $3.80 
or better happy to get out of this for now. This is the only long dated 
position in my book.
Thanks.  This is helpful.  I like all the products you've mentioned below, 
except for the MTBE one.  Is there a real market need for this?  Please 
proceed and get the others on EOL asap.  Also please pass the trade idea you 
have to Fred Lagrasta's group 
Jim Goughary
10/23/2000 02:51 PM
Following are my sugestions for the next three EOL gasoline products;
1. 2nd month NYMEX UNL
2. MTBE front month swap, U S Gulf fixed price.
3. Cal 02 UNL gasoline crack spread (this one probably requires VAR increase)
4. WTI swaps that match the timing of our gasoline and HO cracks. This gives 
customers the option to convert crack spread positions to fixed price 
gasoline and HO swaps through EOL.
Regarding long dated gasoline positions we are long 75 kb per month cal 02 
gulf coast gas cracks which probably won't move much in value until 
march/April 01. I view this position as very low risk and good profit 
potential but this position does tie up VAR. If marketing can sell at $3.80 
or better happy to get out of this for now. This is the only long dated 
position in my book.
Rick 
Just following up on the VaR requests.  Do you have everything you need?
Jeff
Please send this to the staff meeting distribution list.
Please take a minute and fill out the Pulse, and encourage your organization 
to do so as well 
Thanks.  Mike and Jeff
Eric Thode@
10/23/2000 01:22 PM
Here are the current figures for The Pulse.
The Pulse
10/23/2000 01:00 AM
Sent by: 
Enron Overall:
Total responses received to date:    5081
Total employee only email invitations sent:  12649
Percent complete:      40.17%
Operating Company 
ENA/EGM/EIM     920
Total employee only email invitations sent:   2299
Percent complete:      40.02%
Results by Group within OpCo 
Commercial - Origination 175
Energy Operations  157
Gas Assets  44
Human Resources  35
Legal   75
Other/None of the Above 119
Risk Management&  Trading 152
Tax   22
Technology/IT  23
Bus. Analysis & Rep/Fin. Ops. 118
Why did I not get this until 12:41?
John, you guys have to be under Var tonight before we leave for the evening That means buying on access if necessary 
I don't know why I got a new P&L DPR at 2:30 today showing a change in P&L 
and a big VAR violation--most likely due to shroeder's getting shorter 2186 
contracts of crude and Botchlett's getting shorter 2141 heat contracts Don's Var went up 2.8 million to 9.7 million, and Dave's Var went down only 
687 thousand to 3.1 million.  Where is Dave's var coming from?
We need to be under our Var tonight.  Dave and Don--please take care of 
this 
Jeff
fyi.  can you respond to this guy if need be.  Jeff
Jack Galligan  Enron Corporation
43&category=Business/Finance
can you send this to all the staff member participants today?  Thanks.  Jeff
Jeff/Larry,
To follow up on my voicemail, the Associate and Analyst Program is in great 
need of interviewers for October 28th and November 4th Super Saturdays These weekends are the most critical at this time.  To date, we are in need 
of an additional 38 interviewers for October 28th and 67 for November 4th In order to have a successful recruiting season, we would greatly appreciate 
your assistance in getting more EGM executives to participate in this 
effort.  Please contact me at x39233 with any questions.  Thanks for your 
continued support.
thank you.
Jeff
Chris Mahoney
10/23/2000 11:43 AM
we ran out of time in the meeting....my thoughts fwiw
short-term this market is going to continue to be sideways and choppy weather fundamentals don't exist and nothing else will be fundamentally
bullish or bearish enough to lead the market for the next several weeks.
Most people (including the majority of our shop) are getting bearish on the 
back of the builds we should have based upon iea supply/demand predictions One concern here is that they have materialized yet over q3.  If we look at 
the poor reaction to bullish news last week
(api stats/unrest in the middle east) I think it is safe to say that the 
sentiment in the market has turned bearish In general I want to go with the majority of the mkt but the rally that 
resulted when the violence erupted in the middle east two weeks ago shows
the surprises will still be on the upside.   the way that we gave back all 
that ground reflects how little confidence there is in the mkt at the moment
that these fundamentals last too much longer.  How many reports have you read 
lately about borrowed heating oil demand?  my back of the
evelope calculations suggest that although this is somewhat true it only true 
for 150kbd in the winter vs an underlying demand of 4000kbd so
maybe not such a big disappointment to come.
we still like being bullish distillate in europe for the winter but think 
that the mkt will be range bound on spreads and vs the complex until the need
for winter coats comes along.
First--Ted your voicemail isn't working.
I would like to get active in recruiting products traders, in a real attempt 
to high grade the group.  Can we, and how do we make a full court press with 
the headhunters out there?  Also, what do you guys think of putting a big ad 
in the Chronicle, and the WSJ?  We could also look for originators and 
marketers 
Thanks.  Jeff
Do you know what this is?
Jack Galligan 
FYI
Louise Kitchen
10/23/2000 09:36 AM
Great news - keep them coming.
fyi,
Hats off to Larry Gagliardi and the Unleaded desk. They have done another 
large crack-spread, this time for 100,000 barrels per month for calendar 
2001. This trade notionally values out at over $40 million and is the second 
largest transaction conducted to date on EOL.
print
Mark Tawney/ENRON@Xgate
02/07/2001 10:43 AM
London:  Ross McIntyre
Oslo:  Bjarne Shieldrop
Didrik Thrane-Nielsen
Frank Lien
Oystein Rognes
There may be a couple of others part-time.
Sydney: Raymond Yeow
Christian Werner
Tokyo:  Morten Erik Petersen
Takuro Shioda
Hi Andy, 
I would like access to the ICEX--1 terminal per office.  (Houston, London, 
Singapore).  Please coordinate with John Nowlan, Chris Mahoney, and John 
Chismar respectively.  Thanks very much.
please print
John
We are pleased to confirm today's launch of the following products via EOL:
Ethylene Contract (NW Europe)
Propylene Contract (NW Europe)
HD Polyethylene (German Film)
Polypropylene (German Inj)
Polystyrene (German General Purpose)
In a 2nd roll-out (timing TBC) we are looking to add:
PVC (German Pipe)
LD Polyethylene (German Film)
LLD Polyethylene (German C4)
We are initially offering 6 month and 12 month swaps for each product.
SUMMATION OF EUROPEAN MKT
- market is very conservative and tunnel-visioned, with derivatives as very 
new concept to all players (case of tail trying to wag the dog)
- even though no OTC trades have been done we are looking for the launch to 
act as a magnet for potential counterparties to at least start looking at our 
numbers on a regular basis (personalised letters + PR in industry mags is 
underway).
- Shell / BP are talking of launching similar platform 2001, but Enron only 
company aggressively marketing in Europe (look at 
for Shell 
perspective).
- Enron brand is not known to converters/consumers  - profile awareness promotion is continuous process.
- 6mo and 12mo prices are offered, as shorter term we are exposed due to the 
fact we are not in physical mkt.
- spreads are reasonably aggressive, but for hedging purposes all products 
show close correlation to each other and US equivalents.
Rob Brewis
please print
Here is the updated list of interviewers for Super Saturday's.  As you can 
see the AA Program is still short .  We need to make a good showing with our 
people.  To sign up, the interviewers need to go to 
Thanks again for your support and 
help.  Ted
Shelly Jones
10/20/2000 02:19 PM
On to you sir, I'm short 35  interviewers for Oct 28.  The Nov 4 analyst s/s 
looks like we'll have about 100 candidates - need lots and lots of 
interviewers 
See the attachment below for details.
In s/s hell
Shelly
John Howard Harrison
10/20/2000 01:48 PM
Here it is 
Shelly Jones
10/20/2000 01:27 PM
Thanks John.  Would you also give me an update for EIM, ENA and EGM.  Thanks 
again forever and forever, Shelly
John Howard Harrison
10/20/2000 01:03 PM
Hi Shelly,
Here is an updated volunteer listing.  There should be no more duplicates 
(until someone decides to go in and sign up for the third time).  If you have 
any questions please let me know. 
Thanks,
John
3-7811
please print
This a good summary of the industry and the key issues going forward. ( Sorry 
Sarah - no Cliff's Notes Version)
print
Enron Shipping Services Weekly report 41/2000
Highlight
The freight market keeps inching upwards, with a consensus that the freight 
market will have some upward momentum until early next year, when it is 
expected that the steel makers will significantly reduce their raw material 
imports and reduce their freight requirements.  We are still trying to 
conclude our two structured deals with Coeclerici, but have run into problems 
as counterpart is not keen on agreeing our credit terms.  We are meeting with 
Coeclerici during Coaltrans to try and sort out a compromise and will also 
try to get our credit department to be more flexible with our terms as we 
need to adapt our terms to the shipping industry or face the possibility that 
no one will want to transact on our strict terms 
This week the liquids group launched their tanker route on EOL and asked Andy 
( our EOL freight trader ) to manage it full time.  Within the first two 
days, 400,000 tons had been traded.
We have tendered for a contract covering two years to ship iron ore from 
Basil to Saudi Arabia starting in Jan next year for the account of Hadeed If we were to win the contract, it would fit very well with our short 
position out of Richards Bay as it would allow us to fix a vessel on time 
charter from Europe to Brasil, then go to Saudi arabia to discharge and then 
continue onto Richards bay to load coal.  The net result of having the hadeed 
contract would be to save 15 days ballast sailing which in terms of dollars 
would equate to $250.000 saving per trip 
Market
Short term	Medium term	Long Term
Handy Max	Up	Flat	Flat
Panamax	Up	Down	Down
Cape Size	Up	Up	Flat
Deals Done
Physical Freight
ECS freight 
Fixed a panamax for early November loading from Puerto bolivar to Immingham
Third parties freight deals
Fixed a cape for late november loading out of RBCT to Rotterdam at $11.17 for 
Preag.
OTC 
FFA s
Bought a Us gulf/Japan contract for November from Conagra and a 4 TC contract 
from Andre for Q4 & Q1 01.  Our view is that the panamax market will rise in 
the short term and we are therefore going long with the intention of selling 
our lenght in a couple weeks and then build a significant panamax short 
position for next year when we expect a massive correction.
EOL
Traded 75,000 tons with Bocimar
Travels
Pierre, andy and myself are in Madrid until Wednseday meeting with several 
key customers
please print
Chris Mahoney
10/20/2000 03:20 PM
In addition to this business below there is a very good chance that we are 
going to get a short of 1.4 mil bbls per year
of low sulfur fuel oil barges for 2001-2004.  We think this will be a good 
deal for us to get on the books since the bulk of the
hedging interest that the continental gas desk is bringing to us is customers 
looking to buy fuel to hedge natural gas prices. 
Continental gas are anxious to close this deal because the gas contract is 
well in the money and would like to book this
deal for this quarter.  There are var issues that need to be considered 
though so we need to address this at the beginning
of the week.
Thanks
Chris.
Chris Mahoney
10/16/2000 11:03 PM
corporate finance in London (primarily Chris Harris) has been looking for 
about 6 months into approaching the small north sea 
producers to do pre-pay purchase contracts that would enable the producers to 
significantly reduce their tax liability to the uk 
government.  These producers (talisman, kerr mcgee, lasmo, hess, enterprise, 
and a couple of others) are
currently paying some 65-70% of the value of crude oil back to the government 
and they feel the cost savings to the producers is 
something on the line of 25% after financing costs for the pre-pay.  I have 
asked them to do a presentation to you, as if you were one
of the producers, for how this structure would work.  Can you advise when you 
would be free for this?  The volumes could be large
(potentially upto 25 million bbls) and there is considerable basis risk in 
hedging these physical volumes.  we are looking into the
price that we could bid them for their physical oil that covers the basis 
risk.  It would be nice to try to combine this with some long-
term gas supply contract on the continent that would require us to be buying 
fuel and gasoil as the hedge and we are approaching
some of the large natural gas buyers in continental europe to see if the 
recent spike in oil prices has encouraged more hedging.
please let me know your thoughts on this and when/if you could be free for a 
presentation from chris harris 
thanks,
chris 
thanks.  I was wondering 
J
John S is traveling in Asia for the past few days (not checking email).
G
Lets at least try to participate somehow in Sales and Trading--but I will 
leave this up to you 
Thanks for all of your help.
Jeff
Please see attached for our sponsorship form.  Can you let me know ASAP which 
panel we are on - I think we would be a great contributer to either the Sales 
and Trading or Corporate Finance panels.  Looking forward to a great 
conference.
Michele Nezi Marvin
Manager
Enron Broadband Services
(713)853-6848
What do you think?
Eric Gonzales
10/20/2000 04:13 AM
Jeff,
The LNG group currently has 4 development engineers where their reporting was 
previously into Haug.  I was wondering if within EGM, we had any other 
engineers that we could group these resources with in terms of reporting 
If not, I would suggest that we make the most senior one group lead (Dave 
Glessner) and have them report directly to you or Mike.  Although these guys 
are currently focused on LNG activities, I know from experience with a couple 
of them they also have generalists capabilities.  In Europe, Brian Stanley 
leads this develop engineering effort where he represents the owner (Enron 
Europe).  He has dual reporting into Sherriff and Larry Reynolds (one of 
Izzo's guys 
If you could come back to me on this quickly it would be very helpful as this 
is the last thing we need to finalise in our group structure.
Thanks
Eric
Changes in Enron's business require us to reevaluate how we approach the 
engineering and construction function within Enron.  Specifically,  Enron 
Energy Services' (EES) business has grown dramatically and that requires 
considerable additional engineering and construction resources both to 
develop solutions for customers and to deliver those solutions to customers Additionally, in light of Enron's continued emphasis on increasing our return 
on invested capital, we have been engaged in fewer large scale construction 
projects around the world.  Historically, these projects have been a primary 
focus of EECC's activities.  Consequently we are making the following 
organizational changes concerning EECC:
EECC's pipeline construction group, led by Jerry Martin, will become part of 
Enron Transportation Services NEPCO will continue to operate as a stand alone entity focused on power plant 
construction services to Enron entities and third parties.
The remainder of EECC will become part of EES.  Larry Izzo will report to the 
EES Office of the Chairman.
These changes will better align our intellectual capital with the growth 
opportunities within Enron and provide new and exciting opportunities for our 
employees.  Please join us in supporting and implementing these changes.
please print
David W Delainey
10/19/2000 07:36 PM
Guys, if you or any of you people have interest in attending please contact 
Wendy Roy.
Delainey
EPRM Magazine's ENTERPRISE RISK MANAGEMENT
Houston - 15, 16 & 17th  November
Dear Sir,
Please find attached a programme for our Enterprise Risk Management
Conference for US energy companies.   To attend this valuable conference
return this email/fax directly to me   stating your job title, postal
address and fax number.
I look forward to discussing this with you.
Kind  
WENDY ROY
Tel:+44 (0) 207 484 9890
Fax:+44(0) 207 484 9888
- Enter_tr.pdf
FYI.  These guys do great intelligence work for us, and I'd be happy to help 
you guys get a similar effort going for you if you do not receive these 
services already.  (They have done everything from competitior studies to 
industry studies both commercial and political)
Best,
Jeff
Robert Johnston
02/07/2001 10:03 AM
The Asian Pulp & Paper debt situation is once again becoming critical to 
Asian growth prospects.  AP & P is the most popular Asian bond holding among 
foreign investors.  AP & P narrowly met a Feb.1 deadline for a debt payment 
and has a 30 day grace period on another which runs out at the end of 
February.  Depressed pulp and paper prices and a high risk premium for 
Indonesian debt raise serious doubts about AP & P's ability to meet this 
payment.
The ripple effect of an AP &P default or government-imposed restructuring 
would be significant for Asian credit and equity markets, with possible 
contagion effects for other emerging markets.  We will continue to update 
this issue in the days ahead.
RJ
fyi
Notes for this Week's Report:
* The average daily number of Enron Metals trades done via EOL has risen 
eleven-fold since September, from a daily average of 11 to an average-to-date 
for October of 121 trades per day. This upward trend has also been increasing 
significantly as Enron Metals has averaged better nearly 212 transactions per 
day on EOL for the last three trading days (16th, 17th and 18th of October).
* Average daily volumes for Austrian Power have dropped off considerably 
since September due to the inclusion last month of several very large OTC 
physical transactions, including a forward done with Slovenske Elektrarne 
A.S. which alone accounted for over 1,890,000 MWH.
* The average daily deal count and volumes for Swiss Power have returned to 
the levels seen prior to August.  Both the months of August and September 
included several very large OTC physical transactions which have not been 
seen so far this month.
* Average daily volumes for ENA - Canada East Gas have increased considerably 
since September due to the inclusion of a few very large OTC physical 
transactions, including a forward done with the Westcourt Group, Inc. which 
alone accounted for over 33,167,715 MMBtu's.  At the same time, the average 
daily  deal count has decreased slightly.
* Average daily volumes for Central Gas have decreased considerably since 
September due to the inclusion of a few very large OTC physical transactions, 
including three spot transactions done with the Trailblazer Pipeline Company 
and J. M. Huber Corporation.  Each of the three transactions alone accounted 
for over 140,630,000 MMBtu's.
AVERAGE DEAL COUNTS FOR COMMODITIES (excluding Global Products, which 
displays monthly totals)
NA GAS BREAKOUT BY REGION (Non-Averaged, including Volume and Notional Value)
If you have any questions regarding this breakout, please contact one of the 
following:
Torrey Moorer x3-6218
Matt Motsinger x3-5221
Pete Berzins x5-7594
Matt
EnronOnline
I know you guys have been working to secure supply for the H. Galleon.  I 
wonder if we should do some sort of tender for fob princing, allowing us 
whatever freedom we want with the ship.  I'm not sure we should kill 
ourselves for a few pennies--I'd even let the ship stay empty and maybe force 
some of our will on the LNG market if possible, in effect creating more of a 
spot market.  Maybe EOL.   Any thoughts?
Jeff
print.
Mark Tawney
10/19/2000 03:12 PM
Attached is the memo with the revisions that you requested. 
yes, of course.  are you seeing it 
_______________________________________________________________
This message and any attachments are intended for the individual or entity
named above.  If you are not the intended recipient, please do not read,
copy, use or disclose this communication to others; also please notify the
sender by replying to this message, and then delete it from your system.
Thank you.
_______________________________________________________________
Have you ever seen or heard of the show called "Art" in London (maybe NY,
too)?  It's about 3 guys who are friends and one buys a piece of art that's
a white canvas with a little texture 
Hi John--hope things are well.  I'd like to invite you to One Great Night, 
Nov  8. if you are free.  Last year was my first year, and I will admit, it 
is somewhat of a spectacle.  Fun with the right group of people though 
Let me know if you are around!
,
Jeff
Hi stranger!  how's the new digs?  WHEN are we going out for a little 
dinner 
Jeff
Jeff,
I need to get your address, please.  Would like to invite you to mine and 
Rick's wedding on November 25, 2000.  Hope you will be able to make it.
Also, forgot...next Thursday I have to go get fitted for my dress.  I'll try 
to start doing more recruiting with you after the wedding.  Up until then, I 
feel swamped with things to do everyday!  Sorry.
Still, let's do dinner the following week when you get back from Singapore October 3rd?
Nicole
what are you talking about 
John L Nowlan
10/19/2000 11:56 AM
these are not corp limits these are notional limits we have agreed as a group 
with the caveat it can be violated if it is done with everyone aware and 
agreeing why it is done.
Tom Piazze is the Director of Corporate relations at Wharton.  215 898 1615 Use my name
Kristin Gandy@
10/18/2000 05:41 PM
Jeff,
Where does Tom Piazze work (Enron)?  Or is he a contact at the school.  There 
is a Tara Piazze in the phone directory.
Kristin
Jeffrey A Shankman@ECT
10/18/2000 10:17 AM
What do we need to do to be involved.  Kristin, can you call Tom Piazze and 
ask him what he thinks
Looks like they've got good participation from IBs.  The fact that they are 
having it at one of the most expensive places in the city leads me to believe 
that they are putting a lot of effort into strong attendance and putting 
together a good conference.  Of course that is also why sponsorship is so 
expensive.  Do you want me to take care of signing us up?  Jeff, any ideas 
for panelists?
Michele Nezi Marvin
Manager
Enron Broadband Services
(713)853-6848
sureshb@wharton.upenn.edu
10/14/00 02:16 PM
Please respond to sureshb
Hi Michele
thanks for getting back to me with   to the finance conference.
I am in the process of collecting the committed speaker list. Just
wanted to give you a flavor for kind of people that we are targeting.
The major committed sponsors so far are some of the top investment banks
(Chase, Merrill
Goldman, MSDW) and we are lining up the either heads of investment banking,
asset management or some well know research analysts from these firms to
adress the panelists and the conference attendees.
I will have specific names for you in a couple of days are we are still in
the
process of confirming speakers.
The conference will be at the Park Hyatt in Center City along with the
Bullish
on Finance reception the previous day.
This conference will be a good platform for Enron to talk about its unique
position in trading and can utilize the Sales and Trading panel to expose
the
students and the conference attendees to Enrons capabilities and the firm in
general.
I will provide you with more information in the coming days and I sincerely
hope
you will choose to sponsor one of the panels and have a strong presence at
the finance conference this year.
Suresh
215-893-9491
I have no interest in him
Jeff?john - This candidate is working everybody.  I spoke with him yesterday 
and have given his resume to our Trading recruiter to see if there is 
interest.  I told Mr. Riley this and assuming there is no interest will send 
him a letter next week  telling him such.  Ted
For your pleasure
Dear Mr. Shankman,
?
Thank you for your time today ?
I faxed you my resume as you suggested.
?
Here is an electronic copy as well.
?
Sincerely,
?
?
Louis Riley
- Louis Riley Cover Letter and Resume to Mr. Jeffrey Shankman 10.18.00.doc
sure....old house 
Alma Martinez@
10/18/2000 02:45 PM
can i stop by around 5:30?  Which house?
please print
Kevin McGowan@
02/07/2001 09:49 AM
Jeff, 
I will walk up with the summary hard copy.
I have forwarded your resume to Ted Bland.  He will be your contact person Thanks for your interest 
Dear Mr. Shankman,
?
Thank you for your time today ?
I faxed you my resume as you suggested.
?
Here is an electronic copy as well.
?
Sincerely,
?
?
Louis Riley
- Louis Riley Cover Letter and Resume to Mr. Jeffrey Shankman 10.18.00.doc
For your pleasure
Dear Mr. Shankman,
?
Thank you for your time today ?
I faxed you my resume as you suggested.
?
Here is an electronic copy as well.
?
Sincerely,
?
?
Louis Riley
- Louis Riley Cover Letter and Resume to Mr. Jeffrey Shankman 10.18.00.doc
John was not interested in Mike after I spoke with him.
Jennifer Burns
10/18/2000 01:28 PM
Jennifer,
?
Was Mike Shick to meet John, the head of gas and  power?? Jeff said he didn't 
think he was a fit for him.? I was unsure  what the interest is in Mike Should John meet Mike??
?
Susan
- Susan Magnani.vcf
Mark, Thor, and Todd,
Thanks for the video conference this morning.  Mike and I are convinced 
weather can and will be an extremely profitable business.  One issue I would 
like to address is EnergyDesk.com.  It seems like an interesting idea, but 
I'd like to find out more about it, and in relation to the work Tom Gros in 
doing in NetWorks.  I'd also like to understand more about the scalability of 
this model, and our relationship with Kiodex 
To that end, I do not want any proprietary data, product interface, and or 
other weather related matter and material to be part of EnergyDesk.com.  I 
will keep you updated as I learn more about these and other issues 
Jeff
Hi John, hope things are well...Hickerson and I were talking yesterday about 
the convert bond desk, and he mentioned to me that it make sense for it to 
come to his group.  I understand you have had prelim discussions about this, 
and wanted to catch up with you on this matter.  I'll give you a ring by 
week's end if we want to proceed.  My initial reaction is that it probably 
makes sense 
Jeff
fine
Will do.  With regard to storage, we will proceed on the assumption that you 
will not want to query any period longer than the previous calendar month and 
thus will not store any data that is more than 45 days old.
-Bob
Jeffrey A Shankman
10/18/2000 10:27 AM
proceed with your recommendation.  Also, we do not need to store any data 
once I see report. 
Jeff:
If further conversations with our technical folks, they have a suggestion 
which I believe increases the flexibility of this report and a key question 
which helps determine the resources required to support it.
First the suggestion.  If the report is designed to run with a Start date and 
End date, you will be able to pick the reporting period.  For example a 
particular week, a calendar month, the latest four weeks, etc.  This would be 
in lieu of the more structured (hard coded) format in my e-mail of 
yesterday.  I recommend this option.
Second the question.  How far back in time do you want to query?   60 days 90 days?
There is an extensive data capture requirement to prepare this report.  Each 
product will be queried a minimum of 24 times each day to capture the time, 
bid price, bid volume, offer price, offer volume.  All of this data will need 
to be stored for as long as you want to be able to query.   By limiting the 
amount of time the data is kept, we can minimize the amount of data storage 
resources required to support this report.
Please let me know your thoughts.
Thanks!
-Bob
John J Lavorato@
10/18/2000 07:30 AM
Enron Technology
John, I need your help again.  Jeff Kinneman's group on level 30 is wanting 
to move to level 14.  There are several problems with this move.
1.  This group utilizes the IPC turrets and the 14th floor is not wired to 
support them.
a.  The cabling for each station is very costly ($1000 per desk).
b.  Our Telecom Room does not have enough rack space to handle any more 
cabling for the turrets.
There is simply not enough closet space for additional 12 pair cabling
c.  AMP, the vender that makes the 12 pair connectors, are no longer 
manufacturing the connectors needed for the 12 pair cables.
The vender will be making a special run to make more of them for Enron in 
late December.
Hopefully, they will make enough to last until June of 2001.
2.  This group also utilizes the Stentofon and Amtel Systems.
a.  Again this floor is not wired to support these devices.
3.  The Response Time would be affected.
a.  The Trading Floor Support Team is located on level 31, near the ENA 
trading floors.
A team of only three supports all Enron's IPC phones, Recording channels, 
Stentofons and Amtels on the Trading Floors.
Team members would have to use two elevator banks, instead of the stairs 
for one or two floors, before they could be on site for this group.
b.  We now have three other Trading Floors that we support that are not on 
Levels 30, 31 or 32 and one more would hurt us even more.
The groups are EBS, EES and Bridgeline.
4.  There is no UPS power for that floor; so their computer systems would be 
susceptible to power outages.
I am not sure what the reason(s) are behind this business unit wanting to 
move to level 14, but I have an alternative plan.  Level 29 has been 
completely cabled out with 12-pair cables for the IPC Tradenet phones and is 
also cabled for Stentofons and Amtels.  This floor has been built out with 
Trading Desk furniture as well.
My suggestion is to have this group relocate to level 29 instead of level 14; 
this will save the company both money and time.  Your help is needed to 
convince Jeff's group to move to level 29 instead of 14.
Any help that you can provide would be appreciated.
Thanks,
Darren Adamik
Mgr.-Trading Technology
Enron Net Works
713-853-4764
I'm so sorry.  My cell phone died, and wouldn't work with the car for some 
reason.   And was in the office by the time you called at 6:30  ( a  little 
problem this morn here)--thanks for the repeated attempts 
_______________________________________________________________
This message and any attachments are intended for the individual or entity
named above.  If you are not the intended recipient, please do not read,
copy, use or disclose this communication to others; also please notify the
sender by replying to this message, and then delete it from your system.
Thank you.
_______________________________________________________________
You didn't call last night after Walgreens and you didn't answer this
morning 
proceed with your recommendation.  Also, we do not need to store any data 
once I see report. 
Jeff:
If further conversations with our technical folks, they have a suggestion 
which I believe increases the flexibility of this report and a key question 
which helps determine the resources required to support it.
First the suggestion.  If the report is designed to run with a Start date and 
End date, you will be able to pick the reporting period.  For example a 
particular week, a calendar month, the latest four weeks, etc.  This would be 
in lieu of the more structured (hard coded) format in my e-mail of 
yesterday.  I recommend this option.
Second the question.  How far back in time do you want to query?   60 days 90 days?
There is an extensive data capture requirement to prepare this report.  Each 
product will be queried a minimum of 24 times each day to capture the time, 
bid price, bid volume, offer price, offer volume.  All of this data will need 
to be stored for as long as you want to be able to query.   By limiting the 
amount of time the data is kept, we can minimize the amount of data storage 
resources required to support this report.
Please let me know your thoughts.
Thanks!
-Bob
fyi
Chris Mahoney
10/18/2000 07:14 AM
some of this number is just due to the ipe gasoil mkt closing before the 
brent.
I will highlight what is coming back in and where the money is lost by doing 
an appx m-t-m where the mkt is at this moment.
ipegasoil  +1.4
physical gasoil      .90
heat      -.20
brent      -.30
dubai     - .50
pnl clawback      +1.3
we have been reducing the risk in the book on a daily basis as you can tell 
from the var changes.  I need to go thru
with the person who does our book in houston how he arrived at last night 
numbers.  the losses on physical gasoil
seem to great to me so hopefully the money coming back in will be greater 
than my above estimate.
please print out
"Guarino, Carlo (C)"  	02/07/2001 09:46 AM
We would like to thank you for your time yesterday allowing us to make you
aware of the Buildscape initiative and potential opportunities for Enron,
Dow and Buildscape to partner and develop the web based services for the
residential building industry in NA that would lead to a tremendous market
offering for the users/customers of the web solution as well as the market
access and services that could be made available through this new business
entity.
The potential synergy of the Buildscape market rollout and web based
technology platform with the Enron capabilities and market making
functionality and Dow's position in the Building industry as a major
manufacturer/supplier would be a powerful combination and I would like to
recommend a follow up meeting to discuss the options around strategic
investment interests and alliance after you have had a chance to regroup
after yesterday's meetings. The possibilities exist today for Enron to join
Dow as a major investor/partner in Buildscape.
Rob, you mentioned that you will be visiting the NAHB show this weekend. Dow
and Buildscape are also participating and our VP for Building Products
Business - John Schaw who was on the original conference call will be there
as well and we would like to arrange a meeting between John and yourself. I
will ask his assistant Marcy Putt to try to contact you and see whether a
meeting can be setup possibly for Saturday.
Jeff,  James Mason and I were also pleased to meet with you to discuss
global market opportunities on a broader sense between Enron and Dow and we
will follow with a meeting between yourself and Pedro Reinhard( CFO) in
Midland at the earliest convenience.
I have attached the Buildscape presentation from yesterday for your review
and follow up to complement the documents previously sent.
,
Carlo
Carlo Guarino
Global Development Director
Dow Growth Center
Office  (517) 636-0860 / Mobile (313)655-7553
Fax      (517) 636-1453
Internet address: CGuarino@dow.com
- BuildscapeEnron.ppt
What do we need to do to be involved.  Kristin, can you call Tom Piazze and 
ask him what he thinks
Looks like they've got good participation from IBs.  The fact that they are 
having it at one of the most expensive places in the city leads me to believe 
that they are putting a lot of effort into strong attendance and putting 
together a good conference.  Of course that is also why sponsorship is so 
expensive.  Do you want me to take care of signing us up?  Jeff, any ideas 
for panelists?
Michele Nezi Marvin
Manager
Enron Broadband Services
(713)853-6848
sureshb@wharton.upenn.edu
10/14/00 02:16 PM
Please respond to sureshb
Hi Michele
thanks for getting back to me with   to the finance conference.
I am in the process of collecting the committed speaker list. Just
wanted to give you a flavor for kind of people that we are targeting.
The major committed sponsors so far are some of the top investment banks
(Chase, Merrill
Goldman, MSDW) and we are lining up the either heads of investment banking,
asset management or some well know research analysts from these firms to
adress the panelists and the conference attendees.
I will have specific names for you in a couple of days are we are still in
the
process of confirming speakers.
The conference will be at the Park Hyatt in Center City along with the
Bullish
on Finance reception the previous day.
This conference will be a good platform for Enron to talk about its unique
position in trading and can utilize the Sales and Trading panel to expose
the
students and the conference attendees to Enrons capabilities and the firm in
general.
I will provide you with more information in the coming days and I sincerely
hope
you will choose to sponsor one of the panels and have a strong presence at
the finance conference this year.
Suresh
215-893-9491
please look into. 
Chris Mahoney
10/18/2000 07:14 AM
some of this number is just due to the ipe gasoil mkt closing before the 
brent.
I will highlight what is coming back in and where the money is lost by doing 
an appx m-t-m where the mkt is at this moment.
ipegasoil  +1.4
physical gasoil      .90
heat      -.20
brent      -.30
dubai     - .50
pnl clawback      +1.3
we have been reducing the risk in the book on a daily basis as you can tell 
from the var changes.  I need to go thru
with the person who does our book in houston how he arrived at last night 
numbers.  the losses on physical gasoil
seem to great to me so hopefully the money coming back in will be greater 
than my above estimate.
No problem.  Doug is a good guy that I want to put under contract.  What's 
the status with his immigration?  Could we be in a scenario that he has to 
work our of canada for a while 
Jeff
Shanna Funkhouser@
10/17/2000 10:07 PM
Jeff,
Jane Allen and I met with Doug today to discuss the green card procedure for 
he and his wife.  We will start this process immediately, but it's a long 
road - approx 2.5 years.
Doug asked if we would be willing to cover immigration attorney fees for his 
wife should she find an employer willing to file for a work permit, but is 
unable to pay legal fees of  $2-3,000.  It is fairly common that Enron would 
cover legal fees for the spouse in this situation, but I will need your ok.
Shanna
please print
Shanna Funkhouser@
10/17/2000 09:35 PM
The attached resume is for an employee, in Enron South America, which is 
being redeployed.  Please take a look at him and let me know if you have any 
interest in discussing opportunities in your area.
Shanna
Erik Kingshill
10/17/2000 09:33 AM
Sent by: Erik Kingshill
please print
Mark Tawney
10/17/2000 06:55 PM
I know you're a technology guy, and thought you might find this useful Launch or view the application 
Jeff  (aka capitan)
Jennifer Burns
10/17/2000 04:15 PM
I don't know if you've heard, but starting Jan 1,2001 you
 will no longer be able use a cell phone while driving unless
 you have a "hands free" adapter.   I went to Circuit City and
 they wanted $50 for a hands free adapter!!! I  have managed to
 get hold of some "off brand" units and was wondering if anyone
 is interested. These kits are compatible with any mobile phone
 and  one size fits all. I paid $5 each for buying in quantity.
 I'm selling them for $6.  I tried them out on Erisson,
 Motorola, and Nokia phones and they  worked perfectly.  A photo
 is attached.  Take a look and let me know if you want one.