Tel:  212 325 2228
- PrimeTradeAccessAgreement.doc
Brent:  this is weather!  Please call Scott.  SS
Scott Tackett@
07/18/2000 12:59 PM
I received a call from Judy Lee at Swiss RE (212-317-5523) regarding the 
standard confirmation we use.  She said that their legal department wishes to 
omit Section 4 on Representation.  I said I would forward it on to our legal 
department for consideration.  Below, I have attached the most recent confirm 
we sent them.  Please advise on how I should proceed.
Thanks
Scott
Jason:  did you call Per?  If not, please bring him up to date.  Thanks.  SS
Per Sekse
07/14/2000 02:36 PM
I know Susan is out on leave right now. Can anyone tell me what the state of 
play with ISDA docs is? Thanks. Per
Susan Flynn
06/22/2000 09:46 PM
Pursuant to your telecon with Jason Peters, attached are clean and redlined 
versions of the Schedule and Credit Support Annex to the referenced 
agreement.    We are also faxing the redline version to you.
Please contact Jason Peters at (713)853-9720 or me with your questions and 
comments.
Susan D. Flynn
Tana:  look in lotus notes.  I think you should contact Russell for Canada 
(since Rod is gone).  Cyntia Pastega is the business person.  SS
Tana Jones
07/14/2000 02:27 PM
Hydro Quebec has forwarded to us their form of ISDA Schedule for the 
referenced counterparty for review.  There is no indication of what Enron 
business person is interested in this counterparty.  I will forward a copy of 
the ISDA to Mr. "Canada" Suttle, and open a Lotus Notes entry with the 
contact information.  We won't do anything until we receive a credit 
worksheet from Credit.
I just wanted to make sure this was handled.  Also, we have capacity in Lotus 
Notes for confirm comments.
Brent Hendry@
07/21/2000 01:47 PM
I left a message with Judy Lee on Wednesday and left a voice mail with Scott 
as well.  I have not heard back from Swiss Re yet.
Sara Shackleton@ECT
07/21/2000 11:15 AM
Brent:  this is weather!  Please call Scott.  SS
Scott Tackett@
07/18/2000 12:59 PM
I received a call from Judy Lee at Swiss RE (212-317-5523) regarding the 
standard confirmation we use.  She said that their legal department wishes to 
omit Section 4 on Representation.  I said I would forward it on to our legal 
department for consideration.  Below, I have attached the most recent confirm 
we sent them.  Please advise on how I should proceed.
Thanks
Scott
All:  I am comparing this list to mine but Jill's certainly looks more 
comprehensive!  Jill said she may not have signed confirms, etc. but we 
should get copies of all live equity deals.  I don't have paralegal 
capability for this work at the moment.  Sara
Julia:  Could you please call me when you receive this message?
Jill Erwin
07/21/2000 01:47 PM
=09Office of the Chairman@
=0907/24/2000 02:42 AM
=09=09
Enron=01,s Executive Solicitation begins today, and we are counting on your=20
leadership and strong support this year.  Your generous contribution will=20
enable United Way agencies in our community to continue providing quality=20
programs and services.=20
Our goal this year is $2,310,000 =01) a challenging goal, but we believe it is=20
achievable with your help.  Including the dollar for dollar corporate match,=20
Enron=01,s total pledge to United Way in 2000 will be more than $4.5 million. =20
To get there, we invite you to =01&Help Millions=018 by making your pledge in one=20
of the following way:
? Alexis de Tocqueville Society (Gifts of $10,000 or more) =01) Every member of=20
Enron=01,s Executive Committee is a member of this elite group.  Last year,=20
Enron was Houston=01,s leader with 39 members and ranked in the top 25=20
nationally.  Members are recognized at a dinner hosted by the United Way.
? Chairman=01,s Club =01) The giving levels in this United Way group are:
? Diamond =01) $7,500 - $9,999
? Platinum =01) $5,000 - $7,499
? Gold =01) $2,500 - $4,999
? Silver =01) $1,500 - $2,499
? Bronze =01) $1,000 - $1,499
By pledging 1.2 percent or more of your annual base salary of $90,000 or=20
more, you also will qualify as a member of Enron=01,s =01&Make a Difference Club.=018
=20
An exciting edition to our campaign this year is that we have implemented an=20
electronic pledging system.  Please click on the United Way link,=20
to learn more about this year=01,s campaign and make=20
your contribution.  You will find that it is a very easy process and only=20
takes a few moments to complete.  Please make your electronic pledge no later=20
than Monday, August 7.  If you have any questions at all regarding the=20
campaign or the new e-pledging, please contact Kathy Mayfield, Campaign=20
Coordinator at 713-853-3264.
Last year, Enron=01,s executive team pledged a total of $2.9 million, including=20
the corporate match, which accounted for approximately 66 percent of the=20
total Enron dollars pledged.  Enron also ranked among the highest in per=20
capita giving for large companies for the 10th straight year. This is a=20
tremendous achievement, and you played a significant role in making it a=20
reality.  Let=01,s continue the momentum in 2000.
Together we will make a positive difference in the lives of many people in=20
need in our community as we all join in =01&Who Wants to Help Millions?=018.
Paul:  Could you please let me know?  Sara
Sheila Glover
07/21/2000 02:22 PM
Sara,
Is there a Guarantee in place by Enron Corp. for ECT Investments, Inc. 
relating to our prime broker agreements with Goldman Sachs We are talking to Goldman currently about increasing our leverage and a 
guarantee may be beneficial if one does not already exist.  We are unsure if 
one already exists.
Thanks, 
Sheila
If I call you at 3:30 pm Houston time, will you be available?  SS
Linda J Noske
07/21/2000 03:25 PM
Hi Everyone!!
Just a reminder to please make sure that you have your calendars marked for 
our upcoming Legal Conference.  It will be held again this year at The 
Woodlands Resort & Conference Center on October 5-6, 2000.  Details and an 
agenda for this event will be sent out to everyone soon.
We welcome any ideas and/or suggestions that you may have to make the 
conference convenient, worthwhile and/or enjoyable.  These should be directed 
to Travis or myself via e-mail.
We look forward to seeing you there.
Thanks 
E*TRADE  	06/09/2000 05:46 PM
Dear SARAH:
Once again, welcome to E*TRADE(R).
By opening an account with us, SARAH, you've proven that you're serious
about taking personal control of your finances.
To further help you plan your financial future, we're offering you a
book that tells you how to take full advantage of the knowledge
and power of the Internet and online investing. 1
It's called "It's Your Money: The E*TRADE Step-By-Step Guide to
Online Investing" and was written by E*TRADE Chairman and CEO
Christos M. Cotsakos. This 200+ page book has a $16 retail value but
is yours when you go to   or copy and
paste this URL into your browser, and place your next stock or mutual
fund order by July 12th.
THE GURU OF THESTREET.COM(SM) SAYS TWO THUMBS UP
Don't just take our word that "It's Your Money" is a helpful resource
for any level of investor.  Listen to what James J. Cramer from
TheStreet.com has to say:
"Finally, an objective handbook that takes into account everything you
need to trade and invest online, from the computer and phone lines to
fundamental and technical analysis.  This is it, the only book you
will need, to figure out how to get control of your finances and beat
the professionals at their own game."
In this new book, you'll discover:
* How to turn $60,000 into a million bucks
* Financial planning's "rules of engagement"
* Where to stash your cash between investments
* A four-step checklist for researching technology stocks online
* The three key aspects of technical analysis
* How to invest in IPOs
Of course, once you do start actively investing with E*TRADE,
you'll begin enjoying all the benefits that come from being with the
#1 place to invest online(SM): 2
* A Web site designed for speed and easy navigation
* Safe and secure access to your money 24 hours a day, seven days a
week 3
* Smart Alerts(SM) that keep tabs on your investment activity
* Customized watch lists of your favorite stocks
* A Mutual Fund Center with access to more than 5,000 mutual funds 4
So again SARAH, to get your copy of "It's Your Money: The
E*TRADE Step-By-Step Guide to Online Investing," simply visit
or copy and paste this URL into
your browser.  Then place a stock or mutual fund order by July
12th.  Once you do, you'll be receiving a guide book that we
hope will make your personal online investing experience an
even more rewarding one.
Sincerely,
Suzi White
Vice President, Service Quality
E*TRADE Securities, Inc.
1. Click the e-mail Reply button.
2. Type the word "remove" in the subject line.
3. Click on the Send E-mail button.
Your e-mail address will be removed from E*TRADE's
e-mail list.We will confirm your request by e-mail.
1 Offer not valid for IRAs, retirement, business, or club accounts.
Excludes non-U.S. residents. The book "It's Your Money: The E*TRADE
Step-By-Step Guide to Online Investing" will be mailed to you within
approximately eight weeks after the date of your first trade or mutual
fund purchase. Limit one book bonus per customer. E*TRADE reserves the
right to terminate this offer at any time.  Not valid with any other
offer. Other terms apply.
2 E*TRADE rated #1 overall online broker by Gomez Advisors, Inc., in
its Spring 2000 Internet Broker Scorecard (issued 3/14/00).
3 Orders execute during market hours.
4 For a prospectus containing further information, including charges
and expenses, please go to   or copy
and paste this URL into your browser . Read the prospectus carefully
before you invest.
System response and account access times may vary due to market
conditions, system performance, and other factors.
(C) 2000 E*TRADE Securities, Inc. All rights reserved. Member
NASD/SIPC. E*TRADE, the E*TRADE logo, Smart Alerts and the #1
place to invest online are trademarks or registered trademarks of
E*TRADE Securities, Inc. All other trademarks mentioned herein are the
property of their respective owners.
You are subscribed at:  sshackl@ect.enron.com
- att1.htm
FYI
Susan Bailey
07/19/2000 05:28 PM
Sara,
As way of background, Carol has been working on an ISDA with PCES.  I had 
advised our PCES contact that I was unable to attend to this before my 
departure.  As you know,  PCES is a "Top Ten", therefore, you may want to 
pass this message onto to someone to handle.
FYI:  Our PCES contact is out of the office until August 2nd, but you may 
want to tackle anyway.
The PCES file can be found in the file drawers for "green files 
Thanks.
Susan S. Bailey
"Rick Tucker"  	07/13/2000 03:40 PM
Susan, 
We are definitely getting closer to bringing this ISDA agreement to a close. 
I reviewed with the Calgary office the latest draft you e-mailed; listed 
below are the remaining questions: Part 1 of the Schedule; subitem (k) with 
reference to romanette (ix) - the term "Performance Assurance" should be 
changed to "Eligible Credit Assurance" (same as in subitem (f) of Part 1 
Part 4 of the Schedule; subitem (h) Governing Law - question was asked about 
Texas being the choice of law as opposed to New York. Our understanding is 
that the ISDA was structured under the guidance of New York law and request 
that Governing Law be changed to New York. 
Paragraph 13(c)(iv), Notification Time - request that the time be changed to 
1:00 p.m. 
Paragraph 13 - the remaining issues (listed below) will be discussed by Mr. 
Harry Wijsman in Calgary's Credit Department with Mr. Bill Bradford. These 
same issues were discussed during the ISDA negotiations with PanCanadian 
Petroleum and Enron's Canada office. The items are: 
Paragraph 13(b)(iv)(C) - Minimum Transfer Amount
Paragraph 13(g)(ii)(2) - Use of Posted Collateral
Paragraph 13(m)(i) - Material Adverse Change
Irrevocable Transfer Letter of Credit: transferability and automatic 
extension language.
Your assistance over this time period of negotiating has been appreciated 
very much. FYI: I will be leaving for vacation on Thursday, July 20 and back 
in the office on Wednesday, August 2. If you have any questions, please 
contact me at 713-331-5049. 
Rick
I'll try to call you later (or vice-versa) about the memo.  Also, if you are 
willing, we'd love your participation in the credit/legal meeting.  SS
Carol St Clair
07/22/2000 09:12 AM
Sara:
Great news!  I will give her a call on Monday!  Hope all is going well Again, I'm happy to participate in the legal/credit meeting on Tuesday by 
phone.  Alos, do we need to go through my memo?  Just call or e-mail me.
Carol St. Clair
EB 3892
713-853-3989 (Phone)
713-646-3393 (Fax)
carol.st.clair@
Sara Shackleton
07/21/00 11:56 AM
FYI
Jaime Williams@
06/13/2000 08:18 PM
Jeff, I am sending you the specific information of the indexes and products 
that we believe our customers would be trading on EOL.....Please take a look 
at the file attached, and the page with Index Definitions, for the 
information you are looking for. The trades will be performed based on 
indexes taht already exist in OEL, so no new Mexican Indices will be 
included.   Please note however, that the mexican gas is priced in Mexico on 
the basis of the Tetco/Valero basket. So, most probably, that same basket 
will be included in the system to accomodate to our customer's needs. 
Please note that Carol St Clair will be helping us on the legal aspects of 
including Mexico into the EOL system.
Thanks and 
Alejandro Montemayor
06/13/2000 03:32 PM
Jaime
Aqui te mando el archivo de la lista de clientes EOL, en el mismo archivo ya 
esta la descripci?n de cada uno de los productos. Son tres los productos que 
no estan en EOL: el promedio Tetco y PG&E; el poliestireno y el PET. 
Por otro lado para el polietileno esta la descripci?n para el LLDPE.
Si se requiere alg?n cambio solo avisame.
Saludos
Alex
FYI
Rogelio L?pez Velarde  	06/13/2000 07:04 PM
Please respond to Rogelio L?pez Velarde
Trading with certain type of metals is regulated. Let us confirm that.
One possibility would be to incorporate TradeCo first the way that we have
recommended, and then amend the corporate purpose once we have ascertained
which metals could be traded without being subject to governmental
concession.
The information contained herein may be confidential and/or privileged. This
information is intended to be reviewed only by the individual or the entity
to which is addressed. If the reader of this e-mail message is not the
intended recipient or a representative of the intended recipient you are
hereby notified that any review, dissemination or copying of this e-mail
message or the information contained herein is prohibited. If you have
and return this communication to the sender.
Rogelio, the new corporate purpose looks very good to me...However, as you
know, Enron has recently acquired the largest metals trader in the world
(MG), and as of next september we will be able to trade metals on the
London exchange...I want the new corporate purpose to include "metals" in
its definitiion 
Peggy, let us know if this is O.K. with you so we can proceed 
Thanks and 
Rogelio L?pez Velarde  
Please respond to Rogelio L?pez Velarde  
See attachment.
The information contained herein may be  confidential and/or privileged.
This information is intended to be reviewed only  by the individual or the
entity to which is addressed. If the reader of this  e-mail message is not
the intended recipient or a representative of the intended  recipient you
are hereby notified that any review, dissemination or copying of  this
e-mail message or the information contained herein is prohibited. If you
have received this e-mail message in error, please immediately notify the
sender  and return this communication to the sender.
(See attached file: Memo new language.doc)
Brent, FYI:  I am taking my name off of this list.  I am not up to date on 
any activity in South America.  However, to the extent that you are unable to 
travel, I am glad to back you up.  Do we need to talk about South America as 
I sign off?  Sara
Elizabeth Serralheiro@
07/24/2000 12:54 PM
The above meeting is confirmed for Tuesday, July 25 at 10:00 a.m. Brazil 
time/8:00 a.m. Houston time.
Dial-in numbers: Toll Free: (800) 649-2862
International Access/Caller Paid: (847) 413-3751
Host: Randy Young
Confirmation #2467108  
Press *0 at anytime during your conference call for operator assistance. 
For those in S?o Paulo the conference room  6C4  is reserved.
Please send me your updated report today, not later than 5:00 p.m. Brazil 
time.
Thanks Elizabeth
David:  I am inquiring to see if you would be available for a short 
conference call tomorrow with a few credit related items.  I cannot recall 
the exact time difference between Houston and Geneva, but I can contact you 
at 9 am Houston time (or later as you wish).  I have your phone number as 
4122 3221111.  Please advise.   .  Sara
What's the best time to call you to discuss your memo?  Also, unless I hear 
from you otherwise, I will plan on conferencing you into our legal/credit 
meeting tomorrow at 2:00 pm.  I have your number as (281) 890-7122.
Carol St Clair
07/22/2000 09:12 AM
Sara:
Great news!  I will give her a call on Monday!  Hope all is going well Again, I'm happy to participate in the legal/credit meeting on Tuesday by 
phone.  Alos, do we need to go through my memo?  Just call or e-mail me.
Carol St. Clair
EB 3892
713-853-3989 (Phone)
713-646-3393 (Fax)
carol.st.clair@
Sara Shackleton
07/21/00 11:56 AM
Here's the name of our contact for Lotus Notes.  SS
Madhur Dayal
07/21/2000 03:57 PM
Dear Madhur,
I just want to forward to you the name and number of our documentation
contact.   Mike Minnich is our director of operations and he can be reached
at 415-369-5016.  He is handling all questions/negotiations on the user
agreements.   Please feel free to forward this on to your legal department.
Thanks again and please let me know if anyone else would be interested in
seeing the demo and I'll set them up with a username and password.
,
Lisa O'Connor
Lisa Mears O'Connor, CFA
BuySide Direct LLC
a subsidiary of Intelligent Markets, Inc.
415-369-5020 Phone
415-369-5021 Fax
You should receive the FEDEX package today.  I also had a short page of 
bullet points for insertion (which I'll e-mail) but I was waiting to hear 
back from Chris Foster.   Thanks.  Sara
Suggested conditional language (not knowing rest of paragraph):
1.  On or before July ___, 1999, Counterparty and ECT shall execute an ISDA 
Master Agreement and ISDA Credit Support Annex (the "Master Agreement 
2.  Contemporaneously with the execution of the Master Agreement, 
Counterparty shall amend this Transaction and Transaction ____  (each a 
"Prior Transaction") to provide that (a) each Prior Transaction shall be 
governed by and subject to the Master Agreement, (b) any Annex B or Annex B-1 
supplementing the confirmation of each Prior Transaction shall be terminated 
as of the effective date of the Master Agreement and the provisions of the  
Master Agreement shall then govern each Prior Transaction and (c) certain 
language contained in the confirmation of the Prior Transactions shall be 
changed from (i) "Determination Period" to "Calculation Period", (ii) 
"Alternate Floating Price Source" to "Fallback Reference Price", (iii) and 
any reference to "Floating Price Source" shall be deleted.
PS     Dale, please read and let me see in connection with the rest of the 
economic terms
All:  Here's another new transaction for me!  I'm gathering the info promised 
last week.  Sara
Jeff Nogid
07/24/2000 02:16 PM
Sara-
Here is a term sheet from another potential counterparty.  DB is treating any 
ISDAs with Banker Trust Co as a temporary thing and would like to have new 
ISDAs negotiated in DBs name 
J
michael.c.ladas@db.com on 07/21/2000 03:56:22 PM
Jeff - per our conversation today, I have attached a basic equity forward
confirm (note that this is our generic form and will be modified to suit
the contract that we enter into) .  I have also attached a document
discussing a proprietary way that we have developed to enter into tax
deductible forwards.  I look forward to working with you further with
regard to this transaction
,
Mike Ladas
Vice President
Strategic Equity Transactions Group
p:212.469.8572 / f.212.469.4935
(See attached file: Tax Deductible Forward.doc)(See attached file: Issuer
Forward - quarterly resets - ENE.doc)
- Tax Deductible Forward.doc
- Issuer Forward - quarterly resets - ENE.doc
Tana:  Would you please handle?  Thanks.  Sara
Marty_Oelmann@cargill.com
07/24/2000 04:45 PM
Hi Sara,
Since Enron prepared the ISDA Master Agreement referenced above, we do
not have an electronic version on file.  Could you arrange to forward
to me via e-mail the "Schedule 1" Irrevocable Transferable Standby
Letter of Credit Format?
Thank you for your assistance and I look forward to receiving it.
Marty Oelmann
ask paralegals, the answer is yes, and there is also a special EOL format (I 
believe) 
Brent Hendry@
07/25/2000 09:16 AM
Do we have a Confidentiality Agreement Template we start with for financial 
derivative counterparties?  If we do, where do we keep it?  Thanks.
Julia:  don't do anything yet as I am putting together the package for this 
afternoon.  Sara
Julia H Chin@
07/25/2000 08:59 AM
sorry i did not get a chance to revert back to you earlier.  was out in new 
york.
ok -- i will work on getting resources to help however, could you confirm with everyone that you have NO OTHER deals other 
than what jill has listed?  preferably before our meeting this afternoon?
many thanks.
All:  I am comparing this list to mine but Jill's certainly looks more 
comprehensive!  Jill said she may not have signed confirms, etc. but we 
should get copies of all live equity deals.  I don't have paralegal 
capability for this work at the moment.  Sara
Julia:  Could you please call me when you receive this message?
Jill Erwin
07/21/2000 01:47 PM
Are you aware of this?  I don't know the relationship between these two banks 
and whether our 7/1/95 ISDA will be transferred to the UK bank.  Let me know 
if you have any information.  Thanks.  Sara
Tana Jones
07/24/2000 04:56 PM
We have received a notice dated 7/10/00 from Merrill Lynch International Bank 
that it intends to transfer their FX business to Merrill Lynch International 
Bank Ltd., a United Kingdom incorporated bank regulated by the SFA effective as of the fourth quarter of 2000.  We do have an ISDA Master 
Agreement in place with Merrill Lynch International Bank.
I am sending a copy of the notice to Gary Hickerson & Tanya Rohauer (I am 
also sending Tanya the financials of the new entity).  We will await Credit's 
instructions as to how they would like to proceed after reviewing the 
documentation.
Samantha:  You're doing a great job with Lotus Notes!!  I'm impressed.  Just 
a few thoughts about some agreements which have fallen through the cracks (on 
record keeping):
(1)  ABN AMRO in Australia (futures) -  Jason is working on this
(2)  Bank One (give-up agreement)  -  Mary is now working on this
Please speak with Tana.  She will provide you with the full explanation 
(online/offline).  SS
Sheetal Patel
07/25/2000 11:57 AM
PG&E Core states that they are a subsidiary of Pacific Gas & Electric Company 
who has a master w/ ENA.  Therefore, can we set up PG&E Core w/ a master 
Thank you,
Sheetal 
Susan:  As a result of our last meeting, please contact the counterparties on 
the following agreements for status update:
(1) Reliant Energy Services, Inc./ENA (don't worry about Reliant Energy 
Services Canada Ltd. for now; we'll dupe)
(2) Occidental Energy Marketing, Inc.
(3) MP Energy Partnership
(4) Stone Container Corporation
Carol and Rod:  I need to follow up on both Deutsche Bank AG and Dresdner 
Bank.  Rod:  Could you please call me tomorrow?  Carol:  I'll take a look at 
the files and send you an email.  Thanks.  Sara
Dale:  Per my voice mail.  Sara
William Stuart
07/25/2000 05:53 PM
My fax number is 713/646-3490.  Thanks.  SS
(1)  I just received my copy of the Annex to the 2000 ISDA Definitions.  Have 
we previously distributed the "2000 ISDA Definitions" (consolidation of the 
1991, 1998 Supp. and certain other 1998 Euro Definitions)?
(2)  I have the blue file for Swiss Bank/ENE.  We need to change the label in 
conformity with our procedures for mergers.  Taffy, can you handle, please?
Hi, Edmund!  Please identify the ENTIRE Morgan name, please.  We are 
negotiating with several of their entities.  Which type of trading?  Thanks Sara
Edmund Cooper
07/19/2000 10:15 AM
I've spoken with Morgan Stanley this afternoon to get details on progress 
with the ISDA for credit trading.
In brief, they have our ISDA documents and are in the process of reviewing 
I'll liaise with Sara to ensure that this gets pushed along at top speed from 
the Enron end.
Thanks, Edmund
Mary:  Would you please send me a copy of the metals confirm and the final 
format to which ENA agreed?  Thanks.  Sara
Mary:  We deleted this counterparty from the legal/credit list yesterday Since commercial is not pushing, we determined that it would be imprudent to 
hire outside counsel at this time.  Sara
Per my earlier email and the one below, could you please let us know about 
the 2000 Defintions?  Thanks.  Sara
Mary Cook
07/26/2000 01:31 PM
I got a copy of 2000 Definitions Annex via distribution today.  However, I 
did not know of nor do I have the 2000 Definitions, which apparently 
restated/conformed the 1991/1998 basic ISDA definitions.  Our Master still 
refs 1991, as amended etc., so it probably does pick up the 2000 issuance by 
ISDA.  Do you have the 2000?  Do we need to order?  Should we consider 
revising the master agreement in respect of the definition incorporation 
language?  Give me a call.   Mary  Thanks.
FYI
Ted Noble
07/26/2000 03:25 PM
Attached is a contact sheet for the Agricultural Team as of 7/25.  If I have 
missed someone, please include and email me a new version of this excel file. 
Blank spaces represent positions soon to be filled with incoming personnel.
Carol:  Peter del Vecchio is looking for Canadian counsel in connection with 
a paper acquisition and inquired about Stikeman.  Have you worked with any of 
their lawyers (perhaps on the Canadian cash collateralization issue)?
Can you please print the attached and next message with the correct margins 
and then label a manila file as "Accounting:  Issue Nos 96-13, 00-19 and 
00-7".
Ryan Siurek@
07/26/2000 12:21 PM
EITF - Emerging Issues Task Force
1996\Issue 96-13: Accounting for Derivative Financial Instruments Indexed to, 
and Potentially Settled in, a Company's Own Stock
Abstract
EITF ABSTRACTS
Issue No. 96-13
Title:
Accounting for Derivative Financial Instruments 
Indexed to, and Potentially Settled in, a Company's Own Stock
Dates Discussed
November 12-13, 1987; January 19, 1995; March 23, 
1995; May 18-19, 1995; July 20-21, 1995; September 20-21, 1995;
January 18, 1996; July 18, 1996; September 18-19, 
1996; November 14, 1996; January 23, 1997
References
FASB Statement No. 80, Accounting for Futures 
Contracts 
FASB Statement No. 123, Accounting for Stock-Based 
Compensation 
FASB Statement No. 128, Earnings per Share 
FASB Discussion Memorandum, Recognition and 
Measurement of Financial Instruments, November 18, 1991 
APB Opinion No. 9, Reporting the Results of 
Operations 
APB Opinion No. 14, Accounting for Convertible Debt 
and Debt Issued with Stock Purchase Warrants 
APB Opinion No. 15, Earnings per Share 
APB Opinion No. 21, Interest on Receivables and 
Payables 
SEC Accounting Series Release No. 268, Presentation 
in Financial Statements of "Redeemable Preferred Stocks" 
ISSUE
For a number of business reasons, a company may enter into contracts that are 
indexed to, and sometimes settled in, its own stock. Examples of these
contracts include written put options, written call options (and warrants purchased put options, purchased call options, forward sale contracts, and 
forward
purchase contracts. These contracts may be settled using a variety of 
settlement methods, or the issuing company or counterparty may have a choice 
of
settlement methods. The settlement methods are:
Physical settlement - the party designated in the contract as the buyer 
delivers the full stated amount of cash to the seller, and the seller 
delivers the full
stated number of shares to the buyer.
Net share settlement - the party with a loss delivers to the party with 
a gain shares with a current fair value equal to the gain.
Net cash settlement - the party with a loss delivers to the party with a 
gain a cash payment equal to the gain, and no shares are exchanged.
The contracts described above may be either freestanding or embedded in 
another financial instrument. A freestanding contract is entered into 
separate and
apart from any of the company's other financial instruments or equity 
transactions, or it is entered into in conjunction with some other 
transaction and is legally
detachable and separately exercisable.
This Issue applies only to freestanding derivative financial instruments (for 
example, forward contracts, options, and warrants). This Issue does not apply 
to
security price guarantees or other financial instruments indexed to, or 
otherwise based on, the price of the issuer's stock that are issued in 
connection with a
purchase business combination [Note See STATUS section.], nor does it address 
the accounting for either the derivative component or the financial instrument
when the derivative component is embedded in and not detachable from the 
financial instrument. This Issue does not address the accounting for 
contracts that
are issued to compensation employees or to acquire goods or services from 
nonemployees.
The issue is how freestanding contracts that are indexed to, and potentially 
settled in, a company's own stock should be classified and measured.
EITF DISCUSSION
A. Framework for Accounting
The Task Force discussed the accounting for freestanding contracts that are 
indexed to, and potentially settled in, a company's own stock and reached 
several
consensuses, as described below. The consensuses in this Issue are to be 
applied to all freestanding derivative financial instruments that are indexed 
to, and
potentially settled in, a company's own stock; however, nonpublic companies 
may continue to apply the consensus in Issue No. 88-9, "Put Warrants ," to the
instruments covered by that Issue. Hereinafter, the framework for accounting 
that is established in this Issue is referred to as the "Model."
(1) Initial balance sheet classification
The initial balance sheet classification generally is based on the concept 
that contracts that require net cash settlement are assets or liabilities and 
contracts that
require settlement in shares are equity instruments. If the contract provides 
the company with a choice of net cash settlement or settlement in shares, the 
Model
assumes settlement in shares; if the contract provides the counterparty with 
a choice of net cash settlement or settlement in shares, the Model assumes 
net cash
settlement. However, this Model is not applicable when settlement 
alternatives do not have the same economic value attached to them or when one 
of the
settlement alternatives is fixed or contains caps or floors. In those 
situations, the accounting for the instrument (or combination of instruments) 
should be based
on the economic substance of the transaction.1
1 For example, if a freestanding contract, issued together with 
another instrument, requires that the issuer provide to the holder a fixed or
guaranteed return such that the instruments are, insubstance, debt, 
the issuer should account for both instruments as liabilities, regardless of 
the
settlement terms of the freestanding contract.
Accordingly, unless the economic substance indicates otherwise, contracts 
would be initially classified as equity, or as assets or liabilities, in the 
following
situations:
Equity instruments
Contracts that require physical settlement or net share settlement
Contracts that give the company a choice of net cash settlement or 
settlement in its own shares (physical settlement or net share settlement).
Assets or liabilities
Contracts that require net cash settlement
Contracts that give the counterparty a choice of net cash settlement or 
settlement in shares (physical settlement or net share settlement).
(2) Initial measurement, and subsequent balance sheet classification and 
measurement
The Model requires that all instruments be initially measured at fair value 
and subsequently accounted for based on the initial classification and the 
assumed or
required settlement method in (1) above.2 Contracts that are initially 
classified as equity are accounted for in permanent equity. If physical 
settlement was
assumed or required and the company is obligated to deliver cash as part of 
the physical settlement,3 then public companies should refer to ASR 268, which
provides guidance by analogy for those transactions, and account for the 
transactions as provided below under "Equity instruments - temporary equity."
2 For contracts that are classified as equity instruments that 
provide the company with a choice between either net share settlement or 
physical
settlement that may require that the company deliver cash, net 
share settlement should be assumed. For contracts that are classified as 
equity
instruments that provide the counterparty with a choice of either 
net share settlement or physical settlement that may require that the company
deliver cash, physical settlement should be assumed.
3 For example, if the company sells put options indexed to its own 
stock that enable the holder to sell shares back to the company at the strike
price.
Equity instruments - permanent equity
Contracts that require that the company deliver shares as part of a 
physical settlement or a net share settlement should be initially measured at 
fair value
and reported in permanent equity. Subsequent changes in fair value 
should not be recognized.
Contracts that give the company a choice of (a) net cash settlement or 
settlement in shares (including net share settlement, or physical settlement 
that
requires that the company deliver shares) or (b) either net share 
settlement or physical settlement that requires that the company deliver cash 
should be
initially measured at fair value and reported in permanent equity. 
Subsequent changes in fair value should not be recognized. If such contracts 
are
ultimately settled in a manner that requires that the company deliver 
cash, the amount of cash paid or received should be reported as a reduction 
of, or
an addition to, contributed capital.
Equity instruments - temporary equity4
4 Classification and measurement in temporary equity is required 
for public companies. ASR 268 provides guidance by analogy for transactions
classified as temporary equity.
Contracts that (a) require that the company deliver cash as part of a 
physical settlement, (b) give the company a choice of either net cash 
settlement or
physical settlement that requires that the company deliver cash, or (c) 
give the counterparty a choice of either net share settlement or physical 
settlement
that requires that the company deliver cash should be initially measured 
at fair value and reported in permanent equity, and an amount equal to the 
cash
redemption amount under the physical settlement should be transferred to 
temporary equity.
Assets or liabilities
Contracts that are initially classified as assets or liabilities should 
be measured at fair value, with changes in fair value reported in earnings 
and disclosed
in the financial statements. If contracts initially classified as assets 
or liabilities are ultimately settled in shares, any gains or losses on those 
contracts
should continue to be included in earnings.
B. Hedging
The SEC Observer stated that the SEC staff has consistently held the position 
that hedge accounting is not permitted for transactions involving the 
contracts
within the scope of this Issue because those transactions have not met all 
the criteria of Statement 80. The SEC staff also believes that hedge 
accounting for
transactions involving those contracts is inconsistent with paragraph 28 of 
Opinion 9.
Because of the SEC staff's position, the Task Force decided to end its 
discussion of whether the contracts described above can qualify for hedge 
accounting.
C. Application of the Model to Specific Instruments
The following reflects several Task Force consensuses with respect to the 
application of the Model, described in Section A of this Issue, to certain 
freestanding
derivative financial instruments that are indexed to, and potentially settled 
in, a company's own stock.
(1) Written put options5 and forward purchase contracts
5 Includes shareholder rights (SHARP rights) issued by the company 
to shareholders that give the shareholders the right to put a specified number
of common shares to the company for cash.
Description
The company (the buyer) agrees to buy from the seller shares at a specified 
price at some future date. The contract may be settled by physical 
settlement, net
share settlement, or net cash settlement, or the issuing company or the 
counterparty may have a choice of settlement methods.6
6 Application of the Model to purchased call options is discussed 
in C(3).
Consensus
The Model would be applied as follows:
One Settlement Method
Physical (a)
Net Share
Net Cash
(1) Initial Classification:
Equity
x
x
Asset Liability
x
(2) Initial Measurement, Subsequent Classification and Measurement:
Fair value, permanent equity - no changes in fair value
x
Fair value, transfer to temporary equity an amount equal to cash redemption
amount (b)
x
Fair value, asset/liability - adjusted for changes in fair value (c)
x
(a) Physical settlement of the contract requires that the company deliver 
cash to the holder in exchange for the shares.
(b) Classification and measurement guidance within temporary equity applies 
only to public companies.
(c) Subsequent changes in fair value should be reported in earnings and 
disclosed in the financial statements.
(d) If the contracts are ultimately settled in shares, any gains or losses on 
those contracts should continue to be included in earnings.
(e) If the contracts are ultimately physically settled by the company, 
requiring that the company deliver cash, or are ultimately settled in net 
cash, the amount of
cash paid or received should be reported as a reduction of, or as an addition 
to, contributed capital.
(f) If the contracts are ultimately settled in net cash or net shares, the 
amount reported in temporary equity should be transferred and reported as an 
addition to
permanent equity.
Company Choice
Net Share or 
Physical
(a)
Net Share or Net Cash
Net Cash or Physical
(a)
(1) Initial Classification:
Equity
x
x
x
Asset Liability
(2) Initial Measurement, Subsequent Classification and Measurement:
Fair value, permanent equity - no changes in fair value
x(e)
x(e)
Fair value, transfer to temporary equity an amount equal to cash redemption
amount (b)
x
x(f)
Fair value, asset/liability - adjusted for changes in fair value (c)
(a) Physical settlement of the contract requires that the company deliver 
cash to the holder in exchange for the shares.
(b) Classification and measurement guidance within temporary equity applies 
only to public companies.
(c) Subsequent changes in fair value should be reported in earnings and 
disclosed in the financial statements.
(d) If the contracts are ultimately settled in shares, any gains or losses on 
those contracts should continue to be included in earnings.
(e) If the contracts are ultimately physically settled by the company, 
requiring that the company deliver cash, or are ultimately settled in net 
cash, the amount of
cash paid or received should be reported as a reduction of, or as an addition 
to, contributed capital.
(f) If the contracts are ultimately settled in net cash or net shares, the 
amount reported in temporary equity should be transferred and reported as an 
addition to
permanent equity.
Counterparty Choice
Net Share or 
Physical
(a)
Net Share or Net Cash
Net Cash or Physical
(a)
(1) Initial Classification:
Equity
x
Asset Liability
x
x
(2) Initial Measurement, Subsequent Classification and Measurement:
Fair value, permanent equity - no changes in fair value
x
Fair value, transfer to temporary equity an amount equal to cash redemption
amount (b)
x(f)
Fair value, asset/liability - adjusted for changes in fair value (c)
x(d)
x(d)
(a) Physical settlement of the contract requires that the company deliver 
cash to the holder in exchange for the shares.
(b) Classification and measurement guidance within temporary equity applies 
only to public companies.
(c) Subsequent changes in fair value should be reported in earnings and 
disclosed in the financial statements.
(d) If the contracts are ultimately settled in shares, any gains or losses on 
those contracts should continue to be included in earnings.
(e) If the contracts are ultimately physically settled by the company, 
requiring that the company deliver cash, or are ultimately settled in net 
cash, the amount of
cash paid or received should be reported as a reduction of, or as an addition 
to, contributed capital.
(f) If the contracts are ultimately settled in net cash or net shares, the 
amount reported in temporary equity should be transferred and reported as an 
addition to
permanent equity.
(2) Forward sale contracts, written call options or warrants, and purchased 
put options
Description
The issuing company (the seller) agrees to sell shares of its stock to the 
buyer of the contract at a specified price at some future date. The contract 
may be
settled by physical settlement, net share settlement, or net cash settlement, 
or the issuing company or counterparty may have a choice of settlement 
methods.
Consensus
The Model would be applied as follows:
One Settlement Method
Physical (a)
Net Share
Net Cash
(1) Initial Classification
Equity
x
x
Asset/Liability
x
(2) Initial Measurement, Subsequent Classification and Measurement:
Fair value, permanent equity - no changes in fair value
x
x
Fair value, asset/liability - adjusted changes in fair value (b)
x
(a) Physical settlement of the contract requires that the company deliver 
shares to the holder in exchange for cash.
(b) Subsequent changes in fair value should be reported in earnings and 
disclosed in the financial statements.
(c) If the contracts are ultimately settled in net cash, the amount of cash 
paid or received should be reported as a reduction of, or an addition to, 
contributed
capital.
(d) If the contracts are ultimately settled in shares, any gains or losses on 
those contracts should continue to be included in earnings.
Company Choice
Net Share or 
Physical
(a)
Net Share or Net Cash
Net Cash or Physical
(1) Initial Classification
Equity
x
x
x
Asset/Liability
(2) Initial Measurement, Subsequent Classification and Measurement:
Fair value, permanent equity - no changes in fair value
x
x(c)
x(c)
Fair value, asset/liability - adjusted changes in fair value (b)
(a) Physical settlement of the contract requires that the company deliver 
shares to the holder in exchange for cash.
(b) Subsequent changes in fair value should be reported in earnings and 
disclosed in the financial statements.
(c) If the contracts are ultimately settled in net cash, the amount of cash 
paid or received should be reported as a reduction of, or an addition to, 
contributed
capital.
(d) If the contracts are ultimately settled in shares, any gains or losses on 
those contracts should continue to be included in earnings.
Counterparty Choice
Net Share or 
Physical
(a)
Net Share or Net Cash
Net Cash or Physical
(a)
(1) Initial Classification
Equity
x
Asset/Liability
x
x
(2) Initial Measurement, Subsequent Classification and Measurement:
Fair value, permanent equity - no changes in fair value
x
Fair value, asset/liability - adjusted changes in fair value (b)
x(d)
x(d)
(a) Physical settlement of the contract requires that the company deliver 
shares to the holder in exchange for cash.
(b) Subsequent changes in fair value should be reported in earnings and 
disclosed in the financial statements.
(c) If the contracts are ultimately settled in net cash, the amount of cash 
paid or received should be reported as a reduction of, or an addition to, 
contributed
capital.
(d) If the contracts are ultimately settled in shares, any gains or losses on 
those contracts should continue to be included in earnings.
(3) Purchased call options
Description
The company (the buyer) purchases call options that provide it with the 
right, but not the obligation, to buy from the seller, shares of the 
company's stock at a
specified price. If the options are exercised, the contract may be settled by 
physical settlement, net share settlement, or net cash settlement, or the 
issuing
company or the counterparty may have a choice of settlement methods.
Consensus
The company should follow the table included in (2) above in accounting for 
the call options.
(4) Detachable stock purchase warrants
Description
An enterprise issues senior subordinated notes with a detachable warrant that 
gives the holder both the right to purchase 6,250 shares of the enterprise's 
stock
for $75 per share and the right (that is, a put) to require that the 
enterprise repurchase all or any portion of the warrant for at least $2,010 
per share at a date
several months after the maturity of the notes in about 7 years.
Consensus
The proceeds should be allocated between the debt liability and the warrant 
and the resulting discount should be amortized in accordance with Opinion 21.
The warrants should be considered, in substance, debt and accounted for as a 
liability because the settlement alternatives for the warrants do not have the
same economic value attached to them and they provide the holder with a 
guaranteed return in cash that is significantly in excess of the value of the 
share
settlement alternative on the issuance date.
(5) Put warrants
Description
Put warrants are instruments with characteristics of both warrants and put 
options. The holder of the instrument is entitled to exercise (a) the warrant 
feature to
acquire the common stock of the issuer at a specified price, (b) the put 
option feature to put the instrument back to the issuer for a cash payment, 
or in some
cases, (c) both the warrant feature to acquire the common stock and the put 
option feature to put that stock back to the issuer for a cash payment. Put
warrants are frequently issued concurrently with debt securities of the 
issuer, are detachable from the debt, and may be exercisable only under 
specified
conditions. The put feature of the instrument may expire under varying 
circumstances, for example, with the passage of time or if the issuer has a 
public stock
offering. Under Opinion 14, a portion of the proceeds from the issuance of 
debt with detachable warrants must be allocated to those warrants.
Consensus
Because the contract gives the counterparty the choice of cash settlement or 
settlement in shares, public companies should report the proceeds from the
issuance of put warrants as liabilities and subsequently measure the put 
warrants at fair value with changes in fair value reported in earnings. 
Nonpublic
companies may continue to classify and measure the put warrants in accordance 
with the consensus in Issue 88-9.
D. Earnings per Share
The Task Force reached the following consensus on how written put options 
affect the earnings-per-share calculation:
If the written put options are "in the money" during the period being 
reported on, the potential dilutive effect on earnings per share should be 
computed using
the reverse treasury stock method. Under that method, the incremental number 
of shares is computed as (a) the number of shares that would need to be issued
for cash at the then current market price to obtain cash to satisfy the put 
obligation less (b) the number of shares received from satisfying the puts.
The Task Force discussed whether it should comprehensively address issues 
relating to earnings per share in this Issue. The Task Force agreed that the 
FASB
should address the issues relating to earnings per share as part of its 
project on earnings per share. [Note: See STATUS section.]
STATUS
In February 1997, the FASB issued Statement 128, which supersedes Opinion 15. 
Statement 128 is effective for financial statements for both interim and
annual periods ending after December 15, 1997, and earlier application is not 
permitted.
Statement 128 affirms the consensus reached by the Task Force on how written 
put options affect the earnings per share calculation. That is, in computing
diluted EPS, Statement 128 requires use of the reverse treasury stock method 
to account for the dilutive effect of written put options and similar 
contracts that
are "in the money" during the reporting period. Statement 128 states that 
purchased options should not be reflected in the computation of diluted EPS 
because
to do so would be antidilutive. At the July 23 and November 18-19, 1998 
meetings, an FASB staff representative made an announcement (Topic No. D-72,
"Effects of Contracts That May Be Settled in Stock or Cash on the Computation 
of Diluted Earnings per Share ") that for those contracts that provide the
company with a choice of settlement methods, the company shall assume that 
the contract will be settled in shares. That presumption may be overcome if 
past
experience or a stated policy provides a reasonable basis to believe that it 
is probable that the contract will be paid partially or wholly in cash. For 
contracts in
which the counterparty controls the means of settlement, past experience or a 
stated policy is not determinative. Accordingly, in those situations, the more
dilutive of cash or share settlement should be used.
At the July 23-24, 1997 meeting, the Task Force addressed the accounting for 
contingent consideration issued to effect a purchase business combination in
Issue No. 97-8. "Accounting for Contingent Consideration Issued in a Purchase 
Business Combination ." The Task force observed that Issue 96-13 should
be applied to freestanding contracts that are indexed to, and potentially 
settled in, a company's own stock if those instruments meet the criteria in 
Issue 97-8
for recording as part of the cost of the business acquired in a purchase 
business combination.
A related issue has been discussed in Issue No. 98-12, "The Application of 
Issue No. 96-13 to Forward Equity Sales Transactions ." That Issue deals with
the accounting and earnings per share treatment of situations in which a 
freestanding derivative instrument (a forward contract) that is indexed to, 
and
potentially settled in, a company's own stock is issued concurrent with the 
issuance of shares of the company's stock. This Issue is limited to 
situations in which
the party to whom the common stock was sold is also the counterparty to the 
forward contract.
Another related issue has been discussed in Issue No. 99-1, "Accounting for 
Debt Convertible into the Stock of a Consolidated Subsidiary ." That Issue
deals with the accounting in the consolidated financial statements for debt 
issued by a consolidated subsidiary or a parent company that is convertible 
into the
stock of a consolidated subsidiary. As part of the discussion of Issue 99-1, 
Task Force members agreed to consider further whether to clarify this Issue by
indicating that equity shares of any entity under the control of the 
consolidated entity are considered "a company's own stock."
A related issue was discussed at the May 19-20, 1999 meeting in Issue No. 
99-3, "Application of Issue No. 96-13 to Derivative Instruments with Multiple
Settlement Alternatives ." That Issue deals with how certain derivative 
contracts indexed to, and potentially settled in, a company's own stock that 
contain
multiple settlement alternatives should be accounted for.
The Task Force discussed another related issue in Issue No. 99-7, "Accounting 
for an Accelerated Share Repurchase Program ." That Issue addressed the
accounting for, and pooling-of-interests implications of, purchasing treasury 
stock and simultaneously entering into a forward contract indexed to the
company's own shares.
At the March 16, 2000 meeting, the Task Force discussed a related issue in 
Issue No. 00-6, "Accounting for Freestanding Derivative Financial Instruments
Indexed to, and Potentially Settled in, the Stock of a Consolidated 
Subsidiary ." That Issue addresses how freestanding derivative instruments 
entered into
by a parent company that are indexed to, and potentially settled in, the 
stock of a consolidated subsidiary should be classified and measured in the
consolidated financial statements.
Another related issue was discussed at the March 16, 2000 meeting in Issue 
No. 00-7, "Application of Issue No. 96-13 to Equity Derivative Instruments 
That
Contain Certain Provisions That Require Net Cash Settlement If Certain Events 
outside the Control of the Issuer Occur ." That Issue deals with how certain
derivative contracts indexed to, and potentially settled in, a company's own 
stock that require a cash payment by the issuer upon the occurrence of future
events outside the control of the issuer should be accounted for.
No further EITF discussion is planned.
=09Ryan Siurek@
=0907/26/2000 12:22 PM
=09=09=20
fyi
Kimberly Scardino
07/25/2000 08:35 PM
I assume you have the huge EITF write-up (53 paragraphs of background).  Here=20
is AA's (should we set up a time to talk about game plan on this - I know you=20
guys had a flurry of activity last quarter):
AA - Arthur Andersen
Hot Topics
EITF Action on Derivatives on a Company's Own Shares
=20
=20
=20
=20
EITF Action on Derivatives on a Company's Own Shares
July 21, 2000
At its July 19, 2000 meeting, the Emerging Issues Task Force (EITF)=20
tentatively resolved how certain settlement features affect accounting for=20
equity derivative contracts entered into by a company on its own stock.=20
Specifically, the EITF sketched out a model governing how such features=20
affect whether the contract should be treated as (a) an equity instrument and=20
reported in stockholders=01, equity or (b) an asset or liability at fair value=20
with changes in fair value reported currently in earnings.
EITF Issue No. 00-19, "Determination of Whether Share Settlement is Within=20
the Control of the Issuer for Purposes of Applying Issue No. 96-13 ," was=20
taken up to address implementation of the EITF's March 16, 2000, consensus on=20
EITF Issue No. 00-7, "Application of EITF Issue No. 96-13 to Equity=20
Derivative Transactions That Contain Certain Provisions That Require Cash=20
Settlement If Certain Events Occur ." The final consensus in Issue 00-7=20
generally stated that equity derivative contracts that contained provisions=20
that implicitly or explicitly required net cash settlement outside of the=20
control of the company must be treated as assets and liabilities and carried=20
at fair value rather than equity instruments carried at original cost and=20
reported as part of permanent equity as provided for in EITF Issue No. 96-13,=20
"Accounting for Derivative Financial Instruments Indexed to, and Potentially=20
Settled in, a Company's Own Stock 
The Task Force also tentatively provided an extended transition period for=20
existing contracts and contracts entered into before a final consensus is=20
reached. The goal is to reach a final consensus at the September 2000 EITF=20
meeting.
The Model=20
The model=01,s governing concept is that, for a contract to be accounted as=20
permanent equity, the contract's provisions should put the company=01,s=20
counterparty in no better position than the company=01,s common shareholders.=20
Specifically, the EITF tentatively concluded that contracts in a company=01,s=20
own stock, such as written puts or forward purchase contracts, that come=20
under the scope of Issue 96-13 and have net share settlement provisions that=20
keep a contract from being classified as an asset or liability must have the=20
following characteristics =01* otherwise the contract must be treated as an=20
asset or liability at fair value with changes in fair value reported=20
currently in earnings.
The contract must permit the company to settle net in shares, at its option,=20
in either registered or unregistered shares. (It was determined that the=20
ability to deliver registered shares was outside of the control of a company.)
The contract must contain an explicit cap on the number of shares to be=20
delivered in a net share settlement. This cap must exist even if the contract=20
terminates when the stock price reaches a stated price trigger. (The need for=20
a cap was determined to be critical in determining whether a company had=20
sufficient authorized and unissued shares to settle the contract.)
At contract inception and on an ongoing basis, the company must have=20
sufficient authorized but unissued shares available to settle the contract=20
considering all other claims on authorized shares for stock options,=20
convertibles, and other transactions that may require the issuance of stock.=20
(This requirement was deemed critical as the ability to have a request for=20
additional authorized shares approved by the shareholders was deemed outside=20
of the control of the company. In this context, "the company" is defined as=20
the company's management rather than its management and shareholders.)
There is no requirement in the contract to post collateral at any point in=20
the contract or for any reason.
There are no required cash payments to the counterparty (true-ups) if the net=20
shares initially delivered are insufficient to provide the counterparty with=20
full satisfaction of the amount due. However, true-ups may be included in the=20
contract if the company only, not the counterparty, can choose whether to=20
satisfy the true-up in shares or cash and the true-up is subject to the=20
explicit cap discussed in item 2.
There is no economic penalty in the contract for net share settlement that=20
would economically compel the company to settle in net cash. (The right to=20
increase the number of shares delivered based on the fair value differential=20
between registered shares and unregistered shares was not deemed to be a=20
penalty.)
There are no provisions in the contract that would indicate the counterparty=20
had creditor rights, or would otherwise contravene the objective of this=20
model that the counterparty=01,s rights would rank no higher than those of a=20
common shareholder. (Subject to future EITF discussions, it may be possible=20
to meet this criterion by having a legal letter addressing the issue or a=20
specific statement of this concept in the contract.)
Related Issues
There was also discussion of the provisions relating to termination and=20
settlement in the event of a merger or change in control. There was general=20
support for a position that, as long as the counterparty received the same=20
choice of compensation as other shareholders (for example, stock for stock,=20
stock and cash for stock, cash for stock), the fact that the counterparty=20
might receive cash in such circumstances would not preclude equity treatment=20
for the contract.
Similarly, in the event of nationalization or liquidation, a net cash=20
settlement of the same type afforded a common shareholder would not preclude=20
equity treatment for the contract.
In addition, counterparty rights that did not exceed rights of common=20
shareholders should be acceptable, for example, rights to sue for damages in=20
the event of misrepresentations or a breach of warrranties or if a company=20
simply refused to perform under the contract, as long as a common shareholder=20
would also have those rights.
With respect to events that would cause a contract that was compliant with=20
the model at inception to later become noncompliant (for example, because an=20
acquisition consumed enough authorized shares that otherwise were needed to=20
satisfy the contract), the EITF concluded that, at the time the contract is=20
no longer compliant, the fair value of the contract should be transferred=20
from equity to an asset or liability at fair value with prospective changes=20
in fair value reported currently in earnings. There would be no immediate=20
earnings effect at the time of this transfer.
Further, if, at a later date, sufficient shares were authorized to again=20
satisfy the contract, the carrying amount of the contract (that is, its fair=20
value) would be transferred back to equity and the contract treated as equity=20
prospectively to the extent the contract continues to comply with the model.=20
(The company would not be permitted to reverse the gains and losses in fair=20
value recognized in earnings during the period the contract was treated as an=20
asset or liability.)
Transition
The EITF tentatively concluded that all contracts entered into after the date=20
of a final consensus will have to comply with the model at contract inception=20
to achieve equity treatment. (The goal is to reach a final consensus at the=20
September 2000 EITF meeting.) For contracts entered into before the date of a=20
final consensus, a company will have until June 30, 2001, to modify the=20
contract to comply with the final consensus.
For example, if a company entered into a contract before the date of the=20
final consensus, the company will have until June 30, 2001, to obtain any=20
shareholder authorization of shares needed to satisfy the criteria or to=20
modify their contract for the other criteria or any EITF changes to the=20
tentative model.
Since a variety of viewpoints are discussed at Emerging Issues Task Force=20
(EITF) meetings and it is often difficult to characterize the conclusions,=20
the following minutes may differ in some respects from the final minutes=20
available from the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB).
Would you please generate a fresh ENE guaranty and email to the lawyer (see 
Lotus Notes - Emma Nakakuki is the new attorney).  Also, please verify with 
credit (Rod Nelson in London) that the guaranty cap has not changed.  I have 
the file in my office.  Thanks.  SS
Here's the info for documentation.  Please call.  Sara
Sara, we need your help with the following:
We have closed our first financial power swap in Argentina, with the
following terms:
Counterparty: Central Puerto S.A.
Notional volume: 30 MW, 24 hours/day, 7 days/week
Trade date: July 20, 1999
Effective date: November 1, 1999
Termination date: April 30, 2000
Calculation Period: each calendar month beginning with November 01, 1999
and ending on April 30, 2000
Fixed price payer: ECT Corp.
Fixed price: $18.40
Floating price payer: C. Puerto
Floating price: Simple average of the quotations for the Argentine hourly 
monomic power price at the load center (Ezeiza) published by Cammesa for the 
applicable Calculation Period
We need you to issue the Confirmation of this trade and have it sent to the 
customer asap, with a copy to us in Buenos Aires.
Thank you very much.
If you have any questions pls. call either Federico or myself.
,
Julian
Please print the email and attachment (click "view").  I need to learn how to 
handle margins when printing.  Thanks.  Sara
"Hunt, Lawrence"  	Sent by: "Milazzo, Michelle"  	07/27/2000 12:58 PM
Bob and Sara -
As we discussed, I enclose the cover page from the lengthy CFTC
policy paper relating to regulation of Ag Options.  This paper was never
approved by the full Commission and does not represent CFTC policy.  I also
enclose:
(i) An outline of the application for designation as a contract
market (a recent example is the application of BrokerTec Futures Exchange
LLC, published at 65 F.R. 36667 (June 9, 2000 
(ii) Excerpts from a report by the General Accounting Office
discussing issues relating to the reauthorization of the CFTC (May 1999).
(This represents much of the seed work for S. 2679 and deals with certain of
the issues we discussed yesterday.); and
(iii) Introductory notes to CFTC revisions to its Rules relating
to agricultural trade options (December 6, 1999).
The exemption we discussed was for an entity called SwapClear, referred to
in the GAO report.  During one of our conversations, Bob referred to
multilateral transaction execution facilities.  The Commission has proposed
regulations on this subject.  They are reported at 65 F.R. 38985 (June 22,
2000) (CCH Commodity Futures Law Reporter paragraph 28,153).
.
- Larry
- ~att341.uni
This e-mail is sent by a law firm and may contain information that is 
privileged or confidential.  If you are not the intended recipient, please 
delete the e-mail and any attachments and notify us immediately.
Please enter into Lotus Notes so that we can track.
Sheila Glover
07/27/2000 03:59 PM
Sara, 
The clearing agreement is below We do not need to complete the Give-up agreement.  We  will execute and clear 
through CSFB for this activity.
Sheila
Sheila,
At the request of Kate Goss of our Fixed Income Trading Group
please find clearing documentation and a Give-Up agreement for
executing with additional brokers.
Please have the clearing documents executed by the appropriate parties and
returned to my attention along
with supporting documents establishing the ability of the entity to trade
futures, authorization of the individual(s)
who signed the documents to be able to do so, trading guidelines and any
applicable resolutions.
With regard to the Give-up Agreement, please have this document executed on
behalf of Enron and forwarded to the
executing broker with instructions to return the Give-Up agreement to me for
final signature and distribution..
Please call with any questions or concerns.
,
Steven J. Reis
Vice President
CREDIT l FIRST
SUISSE  l BOSTON
Legal and Compliance
Tel:   212-325-6365
Fax: 212-325-8282
e-mail Steven.Reis@CSFB.com
[INFO] -- Content Manager:
- futures.pdf
- 3prtygu.doc
Peter:  check with Shari Stack.  Sara
Carol St Clair
07/27/2000 05:19 PM
Sara:
I have not worked with Stikeman but Shari has.
Carol St. Clair
EB 3892
713-853-3989 (Phone)
713-646-3393 (Fax)
carol.st.clair@
Sara Shackleton
07/26/00 06:46 PM
Carol:  Peter del Vecchio is looking for Canadian counsel in connection with 
a paper acquisition and inquired about Stikeman.  Have you worked with any of 
their lawyers (perhaps on the Canadian cash collateralization issue)?
Let's talk.  Sara
Dale Neuner
07/27/2000 02:04 PM
Here's my stab at the Product Long Description.
Sara - please review and offer your comments.
RAC - I need a Sigma Factor, please.
William - I have built a test Product in the Product Manager and it appears 
to have worked okay. I have asked David Forster to review the description as 
well as the attributes that I built in TEST. I will begin to build this in 
Production once I have his and Sara's sign-off. David will also be checking 
on the issue that I mentioned to you about the number of characters that can 
be put in the Volume and Price feilds in the Stack Manager. This is the one 
thing that could really hold up the process, so we may want to think about 
alternatives (such as trading in 10,000 increments - so that 5 means 50,000; 
50 means 500,000; etc) 
Jennifer Denney will be contacting Clara Carrington to talk to her about how 
Clara will see trades come over in the EOL Bridge Monitor.
Things are progessing relatively well so far, with the exception of the issue 
of the character limitation.
Dale
I received a call again from Gary Ordway.  Who will be preparing credit Gary asked that his credit person be copied and his name is John Fryer. 
Thanks.  Sara
Sara Shackleton
05/10/2000 02:25 PM
All:  I received a request from PPM to send our form of ISDA to document 
trading.  We previously sent a draft to these guys on 1/13/99.  The only 
difference is that they now want to trade and the Scottish Power acquisition 
is done.  The contact is:
Gary Ordway
830 N.E. Holladay
Suite 200
Portland, Oregon  97232 
Bob:  I am having a stack of materials relating to Enron Corp. equity trading 
sent to your attention via Federal Express on Monday.   DO NOT READ ANYTHING 
YOU RECEIVE. 
Rex, Jim and I have been discussing the variety of Enron Corp. equity 
derivatives on ENE stock, the latest accounting issuances, ENE Board 
resolutions, confirmation templates and the like.  Rex should be contacting 
you shortly to schedule a conference call.
The package of materials MIGHT be useful when we discuss the foregoing issues 
(or, it might be totally useless 
Hope you have a great weekend.   .  Sara
Have you had a chance to review Dale's product description?  Please let's 
discuss.  Sara
Sara Shackleton
07/27/2000 06:42 PM
Let's talk.  Sara
Dale Neuner
07/27/2000 02:04 PM
Here's my stab at the Product Long Description.
Sara - please review and offer your comments.
RAC - I need a Sigma Factor, please.
William - I have built a test Product in the Product Manager and it appears 
to have worked okay. I have asked David Forster to review the description as 
well as the attributes that I built in TEST. I will begin to build this in 
Production once I have his and Sara's sign-off. David will also be checking 
on the issue that I mentioned to you about the number of characters that can 
be put in the Volume and Price feilds in the Stack Manager. This is the one 
thing that could really hold up the process, so we may want to think about 
alternatives (such as trading in 10,000 increments - so that 5 means 50,000; 
50 means 500,000; etc) 
Jennifer Denney will be contacting Clara Carrington to talk to her about how 
Clara will see trades come over in the EOL Bridge Monitor.
Things are progessing relatively well so far, with the exception of the issue 
of the character limitation.
Dale
Ben Bedell, the lawyer for BT, has called to about the calculations I 
forwarded to you on Wednesday 
Are we agreed 
Please let me know asap.  I know that the parties wanted to close today Sara
Hi, Clem!  Please see below message from Sheila Glover.  I believe that in 
the past ENE has only issued a guaranty to Paribas, ED&F Mann and Bank One in 
connection with ENA's futures/special margin arrangements.  I'll be speaking 
with Paul Radous in credit.  Do you see any issues here?  Sara
William S Bradford
07/28/2000 07:31 PM
Paul,
Can you work with Sara on this?
Bill
Bill and Sara,
We have been talking with Goldman Sachs, one of ECT Investment's prime 
brokers,  about ways to reduce our margin requirement and gain greater 
leverage.  Goldman suggested that we may want to consider putting an Enron 
Guaranttee in place 
We also have a prime broker agreement with Morgan Stanley.  Per the 
documentation that I have... I do not see a guarantte with Morgan Stanley.
1) Can you confirm that no guarantee exists with either Goldman or Morgan?
2) Any comments regarding a Goldman guarantee by Enron Corp for ECT 
Investments Inc.?
Thanks, Sheila
Is the question for online and offline products (to the extent that we gear 
up for metals online)?
Noel Petterson@
07/31/2000 08:05 AM
Sara, Would you please take a look at the email below regarding Alcoa's 
Master Agreement with Enron.  Thank you. - Noel
Noel:
I am on maternity leave.  Please contact Sara Shackleton about this.
Carol St. Clair
EB 3892
713-853-3989 (Phone)
713-646-3393 (Fax)
carol.st.clair@
Noel Petterson@
07/28/00 02:56 PM
Carol,
Tim Reyes of Alcoa would like to make sure that their current master 
agreement with Enron will encompass trading metal products, specifically, 
aluminum products on EOL.  I am hoping that you are the correct person to 
answer his question.
If you require more information Please contact Mr. Reyes at 865-594-4734.
Thank you,
Noel
I am advised by the EI help desk in Houston that I must obtain EI security 
clearance before I can be granted access to this database.  Are you able to 
assist me by sending a message to EI security?  Thanks.  Sara
Tana:  per my voice mail re:  EOL 	Noel Petterson@
07/31/2000 08:05 AM
Sara, Would you please take a look at the email below regarding Alcoa's 
Master Agreement with Enron.  Thank you. - Noel
Noel:
I am on maternity leave.  Please contact Sara Shackleton about this.
Carol St. Clair
EB 3892
713-853-3989 (Phone)
713-646-3393 (Fax)
carol.st.clair@
Noel Petterson@
07/28/00 02:56 PM
Carol,
Tim Reyes of Alcoa would like to make sure that their current master 
agreement with Enron will encompass trading metal products, specifically, 
aluminum products on EOL.  I am hoping that you are the correct person to 
answer his question.
If you require more information Please contact Mr. Reyes at 865-594-4734.
Thank you,
Noel
The ETA provides that a master agreement will control (over GTC's) if a 
master agreement has been executed by the parties.  Sara 
Noel Petterson@
07/31/2000 08:28 AM
Sara,
I believe alcoa has a master agreement with enron and wants to check which 
metals products are covered.  They do not want to have to accept any GTC's.
-Noel
Elizabeth:  You can remove my name (and Kaye Ellis's name) from the list Brent Hendry will handle Latin America financial trading for now.  Thanks Sara
Elizabeth Serralheiro@
07/31/2000 09:00 AM
The above meeting is confirmed for Tuesday, August 1st at 10:00 a.m. Brazil 
time/8:00 a.m. Houston time.
Dial-in numbers: Toll Free: (800) 649-2862
International Access/Caller Paid: (847) 413-3751
Host: Randy Young
Confirmation #2467108  
Press *0 at anytime during your conference call for operator assistance. 
For those in S?o Paulo the conference room  6C4  is reserved.
Please send me your updated report today, not later than 5:00 p.m. Brazil 
time.
Thanks Elizabeth
Shari Stack
07/31/2000 09:07 AM
FYI 
Rogelio L?pez Velarde  	07/28/2000 07:45 PM
Please respond to Rogelio L?pez Velarde
Please see attachment.
The information contained herein may be confidential and/or privileged. This 
information is intended to be reviewed only by the individual or the entity 
to which is addressed. If the reader of this e-mail message is not the 
intended recipient or a representative of the intended recipient you are 
hereby notified that any review, dissemination or copying of this e-mail 
message or the information contained herein is prohibited. If you have 
and delete this message from your system.
- att1.htm
- curricula new associates.doc
Mary:  Just a reminder.  Tana is not in charge of form changes; Susan Bailey 
handles that function.  Tana's primary role is "special projects" but she is 
helping Susan and Samantha with daily matters until Stephanie begins work and 
has some experience.  Sara
Mary Cook
07/31/2000 10:43 AM
I suggest the attached language be substituted for the current language in 
the schedules in respect of Engineering Report where  a PV/PDP mac is 
utilized.  Tana, maybe this could go as an optional insert under Docs to be 
Delivered, rather than back in the collateral schedule with the pv/pdp 
language, so people won't forget to put it in under required deliveries Thanks.  Mary
Attached is the latest listing.  Please send comments and corrections.
Laurel:  I need to verify the Enron party (specifically).  I am reviewing the 
format.  Thanks.  Sara
Laurel Adams
07/31/2000 05:03 PM
Sara,
Paul wants to know if we have any objections to the attached form of 
confirmation.  Please let me know if you have any concerns.  Thank you 	
Greg.Mackay@ubsw.com on 07/27/2000 01:48:39 PM
Paul,
Please find attached a blank template Bond Total Return Swap Master
Confirm and the adjoining Supplemental Confirm.  It has been updated
to take three hours for you to accept or reject the Market Value set
by the Calculation Agent.
Please call with any questions or concerns.  Hope to get a trade on
ASAP.
Thanks and 
Greg MacKay
- ect_supp.doc
- ect_ma~1.doc
This message contains confidential information and is intended only
for the individual named.  If you are not the named addressee you
should not disseminate, distribute or copy this e-mail.  Please
notify the sender immediately by e-mail if you have received this
e-mail by mistake and delete this e-mail from your system.
E-mail transmission cannot be guaranteed to be secure or error-free
as information could be intercepted, corrupted, lost, destroyed,
arrive late or incomplete, or contain viruses.  The sender therefore
does not accept liability for any errors or omissions in the contents
of this message which arise as a result of e-mail transmission.  If
verification is required please request a hard-copy version.  This
message is provided for informational purposes and should not be
construed as a solicitation or offer to buy or sell any securities or
related financial instruments.
Rod:  FYI, Paul's doing bond swap with UBS.  Does credit have any issues?  I 
am verifying the Enron party (since I am not familiar with the ECT Investment 
Trust).  Please advise.  Sara 
Laurel Adams
07/31/2000 05:03 PM
Sara,
Paul wants to know if we have any objections to the attached form of 
confirmation.  Please let me know if you have any concerns.  Thank you 	
Greg.Mackay@ubsw.com on 07/27/2000 01:48:39 PM
Paul,
Please find attached a blank template Bond Total Return Swap Master
Confirm and the adjoining Supplemental Confirm.  It has been updated
to take three hours for you to accept or reject the Market Value set
by the Calculation Agent.
Please call with any questions or concerns.  Hope to get a trade on
ASAP.
Thanks and 
Greg MacKay
- ect_supp.doc
- ect_ma~1.doc
This message contains confidential information and is intended only
for the individual named.  If you are not the named addressee you
should not disseminate, distribute or copy this e-mail.  Please
notify the sender immediately by e-mail if you have received this
e-mail by mistake and delete this e-mail from your system.
E-mail transmission cannot be guaranteed to be secure or error-free
as information could be intercepted, corrupted, lost, destroyed,
arrive late or incomplete, or contain viruses.  The sender therefore
does not accept liability for any errors or omissions in the contents
of this message which arise as a result of e-mail transmission.  If
verification is required please request a hard-copy version.  This
message is provided for informational purposes and should not be
construed as a solicitation or offer to buy or sell any securities or
related financial instruments.
Bob:  Did you ever speak with Justin Boyd in our London office (as suggested 
by Paul Simons) about the MG traders or what Justin can tell us about the 
acquisition?   Sara
=09Office of the Chairman@
=0907/31/2000 06:07 PM
=09=09
It is equally important that we continue to develop new businesses outside of=20
gas and electricity, which can make significant contributions to our earnings=20
growth.  We have made significant progress in developing these businesses in=20
North America, Europe, and most recently in our new Net Works business unit. =20
Included in these global businesses are our efforts in crude and products,=20
coal, emissions, insurance, currency, equity trading, interest rates, credit=20
trading, paper and pulp, and metals.
While significant progress has been made in these efforts we need to=20
accelerate the growth of these new businesses while continuing to=20
aggressively expand our core gas and electricity businesses in North America=20
and Europe.  In order to accomplish these two objectives and to capitalize on=20
the increasingly global opportunities in these new businesses we are today=20
announcing the formation of a new business unit =01) Enron Global Markets.  This=20
new business unit will focus on markets and commodities which are global in=20
scope, but outside our traditional gas and power markets.  This new core=20
business unit will operate in parallel with and in close coordination with=20
the North American and European businesses.
Enron Global Markets will be headed by Mike McConnell, President and Chief=20
Executive Officer, and Jeff Shankman, Chief Operating Officer.  They will=20
report to Mark Frevert who will be Chairman of Enron Global Markets.  Mark,=20
Mike and Jeff will comprise the Office of the Chairman for Enron Global=20
Markets.
Included in this new business unit and reporting to the Office of the=20
Chairman will be the following businesses and their leaders:
- Global Crude and Products:     John Nowlan
- Coal:         George McClellan
- Currency, equities, interest rate and agricultural trading:  Gary Hickerson
- Insurance and weather:      Jere Overdyke
Enron=01,s metals business and Enron Credit.com will remain the responsibility=20
of Enron Europe. The Paper and Pulp business will continue to reside in North=20
America.=20
With the departure of Mike McConnell from Enron Net Works, we are pleased to=20
announce the following appointments in that business unit:
- Jeff McMahon: President and Chief Operating Officer
- Louise Kitchen: Chief Commercial Officer
- Philippe Bibi:  Chief Technology Officer
Jeff, Louise and Philippe, along with Greg Whalley,  will comprise the Office=20
of the Chairman for Enron Net Works.
We are also pleased to announce the following changes to the Enron North=20
America Office of the Chairman.  John Lavorato will join the ENA Office of=20
the Chairman as Chief Operating Officer.  Dave Delainey will assume the role=20
of President and Chief Executive Officer.  Mark Frevert will retain his role=20
Please join us in congratulating everyone in their new assignments and in=20
supporting the new Enron Global Markets organisation.
Sara, we need your help with the following:
We have closed our first financial power swap in Argentina, with the
following terms:
Counterparty: Central Puerto S.A.
Notional volume: 30 MW, 24 hours/day, 7 days/week
Trade date: July 20, 1999
Effective date: November 1, 1999
Termination date: April 30, 2000
Calculation Period: each calendar month beginning with November 01, 1999
and ending on April 30, 2000
Fixed price payer: ECT Corp.
Fixed price: $18.40
Floating price payer: C. Puerto
Floating price: Simple average of the quotations for the Argentine hourly 
monomic power price at the load center (Ezeiza) published by Cammesa for the 
applicable Calculation Period
We need you to issue the Confirmation of this trade and have it sent to the 
customer asap, with a copy to us in Buenos Aires.
Thank you very much.
If you have any questions pls. call either Federico or myself.
,
Julian
=09Office of the Chairman@
=0907/31/2000 06:07 PM
=09=09
It is equally important that we continue to develop new businesses outside of=20
gas and electricity, which can make significant contributions to our earnings=20
growth.  We have made significant progress in developing these businesses in=20
North America, Europe, and most recently in our new Net Works business unit. =20
Included in these global businesses are our efforts in crude and products,=20
coal, emissions, insurance, currency, equity trading, interest rates, credit=20
trading, paper and pulp, and metals.
While significant progress has been made in these efforts we need to=20
accelerate the growth of these new businesses while continuing to=20
aggressively expand our core gas and electricity businesses in North America=20
and Europe.  In order to accomplish these two objectives and to capitalize on=20
the increasingly global opportunities in these new businesses we are today=20
announcing the formation of a new business unit =01) Enron Global Markets.  This=20
new business unit will focus on markets and commodities which are global in=20
scope, but outside our traditional gas and power markets.  This new core=20
business unit will operate in parallel with and in close coordination with=20
the North American and European businesses.
Enron Global Markets will be headed by Mike McConnell, President and Chief=20
Executive Officer, and Jeff Shankman, Chief Operating Officer.  They will=20
report to Mark Frevert who will be Chairman of Enron Global Markets.  Mark,=20
Mike and Jeff will comprise the Office of the Chairman for Enron Global=20
Markets.
Included in this new business unit and reporting to the Office of the=20
Chairman will be the following businesses and their leaders:
- Global Crude and Products:     John Nowlan
- Coal:         George McClellan
- Currency, equities, interest rate and agricultural trading:  Gary Hickerson
- Insurance and weather:      Jere Overdyke
Enron=01,s metals business and Enron Credit.com will remain the responsibility=20
of Enron Europe. The Paper and Pulp business will continue to reside in North=20
America.=20
With the departure of Mike McConnell from Enron Net Works, we are pleased to=20
announce the following appointments in that business unit:
- Jeff McMahon: President and Chief Operating Officer
- Louise Kitchen: Chief Commercial Officer
- Philippe Bibi:  Chief Technology Officer
Jeff, Louise and Philippe, along with Greg Whalley,  will comprise the Office=20
of the Chairman for Enron Net Works.
We are also pleased to announce the following changes to the Enron North=20
America Office of the Chairman.  John Lavorato will join the ENA Office of=20
the Chairman as Chief Operating Officer.  Dave Delainey will assume the role=20
of President and Chief Executive Officer.  Mark Frevert will retain his role=20
Please join us in congratulating everyone in their new assignments and in=20
supporting the new Enron Global Markets organisation.
Pizzolato (a director in the debt portfolio group)
Rod Nelson
08/01/2000 02:18 AM
One question.  Who is Paul?
Rod:  FYI, Paul's doing bond swap with UBS.  Does credit have any issues?  I 
am verifying the Enron party (since I am not familiar with the ECT Investment 
Trust).  Please advise.  Sara 
Laurel Adams
07/31/2000 05:03 PM
Sara,
Paul wants to know if we have any objections to the attached form of 
confirmation.  Please let me know if you have any concerns.  Thank you 	
Greg.Mackay@ubsw.com on 07/27/2000 01:48:39 PM
Paul,
Please find attached a blank template Bond Total Return Swap Master
Confirm and the adjoining Supplemental Confirm.  It has been updated
to take three hours for you to accept or reject the Market Value set
by the Calculation Agent.
Please call with any questions or concerns.  Hope to get a trade on
ASAP.
Thanks and 
Greg MacKay
- ect_supp.doc
- ect_ma~1.doc
This message contains confidential information and is intended only
for the individual named.  If you are not the named addressee you
should not disseminate, distribute or copy this e-mail.  Please
notify the sender immediately by e-mail if you have received this
e-mail by mistake and delete this e-mail from your system.
E-mail transmission cannot be guaranteed to be secure or error-free
as information could be intercepted, corrupted, lost, destroyed,
arrive late or incomplete, or contain viruses.  The sender therefore
does not accept liability for any errors or omissions in the contents
of this message which arise as a result of e-mail transmission.  If
verification is required please request a hard-copy version.  This
message is provided for informational purposes and should not be
construed as a solicitation or offer to buy or sell any securities or
related financial instruments.
Edmund:  could you please identify the Morgan entity you are referencing Sara
Sara Shackleton
07/26/2000 08:39 AM
Hi, Edmund!  Please identify the ENTIRE Morgan name, please.  We are 
negotiating with several of their entities.  Which type of trading?  Thanks Sara
Edmund Cooper
07/19/2000 10:15 AM
I've spoken with Morgan Stanley this afternoon to get details on progress 
with the ISDA for credit trading.
In brief, they have our ISDA documents and are in the process of reviewing 
I'll liaise with Sara to ensure that this gets pushed along at top speed from 
the Enron end.
Thanks, Edmund
I don't know anything about this.  Sara
Tana Jones
08/01/2000 01:14 PM
Is someone from our group working on this?
Tracy Ngo
08/01/2000 07:48 AM
Tana,
Before Carol St. Clair left for maternity leave, she was working on the 
assignment of some financial and gas deals with Christopher Smith (who 
previously worked in our group).  Since Christopher is no longer here and 
with Carol being out, I'm scrambling to find out who in the financial team is 
working on this.
I've left Mark Taylor a message since Carol's voice mail forwards all 
questions to Mark.
Could you let me know if you have any info?
Thx,
Tracyh
Paul:  Jason sent the following issues to me but Nos. 1,2 and 4 impact 
credit.  Please call me to discuss.  Sara
"JASON PETERS"  	08/01/2000 08:16 PM
Sara,
The following items are outstanding issues with respect to the 
above-referenced ISDA:
1. Arizona Public Service Company plans on executing the ISDA as Arizona 
Public Service Company, on behalf of its Bulk Power Marketing Resource 
Operations Division ("BPMROD").  It is APSC's intent in the future to create 
a new entity for this division, such new entity to enter into all trading 
transactions.  As a result, it is ASPC's desire to  modify the definition of 
"Specified Transaction" to only include transactions between Party A and 
BPMROD.
2. Procedures for Entering into Transactions - ASPC would like 5 days to 
dispute or accept confirmations.  Apparently, all of their agreements provide 
for 5 days, therefore any shorter time period could cause problems for them I had previously offered 3 days.
3. Part 5 (f) Recording - ASPC wants to consent to recordings on "trading 
lines only".  They do not want to consent to officers (non-traders) being 
recorded if the communication does not occur on a trading line.
4. Part 5 (g)(B) - Setoff -  ASPC wants to delete "or any of its Affiliates" 
from this section.  ASPC thinks this issue is related to their issue in #1 
above.  I don't see why.  What do you think?  I assume that we are not 
willing to strike "or any of its Affiliates".
The only other issue is a credit issue which I am handling with Paul Radous So, we're close.  Let me know what you think.
Jason
Hi, Jason!  Please send me your phone and fax.  Do you still have voice mail 
over here?  Regarding your message, I have asked Paul to consider items 1,2 
and 4 since each bears upon credit.  I'll get back to you.
On a different note, how would you like some more work?  Call when you're 
free.  Sara
"JASON PETERS"  	08/01/2000 08:16 PM
Sara,
The following items are outstanding issues with respect to the 
above-referenced ISDA:
1. Arizona Public Service Company plans on executing the ISDA as Arizona 
Public Service Company, on behalf of its Bulk Power Marketing Resource 
Operations Division ("BPMROD").  It is APSC's intent in the future to create 
a new entity for this division, such new entity to enter into all trading 
transactions.  As a result, it is ASPC's desire to  modify the definition of 
"Specified Transaction" to only include transactions between Party A and 
BPMROD.
2. Procedures for Entering into Transactions - ASPC would like 5 days to 
dispute or accept confirmations.  Apparently, all of their agreements provide 
for 5 days, therefore any shorter time period could cause problems for them I had previously offered 3 days.
3. Part 5 (f) Recording - ASPC wants to consent to recordings on "trading 
lines only".  They do not want to consent to officers (non-traders) being 
recorded if the communication does not occur on a trading line.
4. Part 5 (g)(B) - Setoff -  ASPC wants to delete "or any of its Affiliates" 
from this section.  ASPC thinks this issue is related to their issue in #1 
above.  I don't see why.  What do you think?  I assume that we are not 
willing to strike "or any of its Affiliates".
The only other issue is a credit issue which I am handling with Paul Radous So, we're close.  Let me know what you think.
Jason
Ted:  I never received the updated list mentioned in our Monday meeting Could you please email one to me?  Thanks.  Sara
Mark:  Russell Diamond in credit said that you took a call from the WPS 
lawyer about 10 days ago.  You entered the call into Lotus Notes (1)  What was the conversation about?
(2)  Did you assign this file to anyone?
Thanks.  Sara
Carol:  Hope all is well.  We are missing you every day.
(1)  On a "swap" related note, we have a Canadian party requesting the 
ability to post cash collateral to ENA.  Can you recall where we left off on 
the issue?  I seem to  remember conflicting advice (Peter's insistence upon 
the Stikeman memo and ENA simply not agreeing to accept cash) and uncertainty 
as to how ENA could perfect its interest and what law governs (in cash held 
in a U.S. account).
(2)  On a "credit" related note, I was forwarded the 7/24/00 Margin Exception 
Report (originally sent to your attention).  What were you doing to follow up 
on this report?  Yesterday, Mary gave me a copy of a "collateral letter" 
being sent by Molly Harris.  Did you speak with Mary about working on this 
project in your absence?
Edward Ondarza is moving to EBS.   Stephanie Panus starts on Monday.  That's 
all the news for now.
Talk to you soon.  Sara
P.S.  Can you send photos over the net?
Clint:  after the meeting, Jim advised me that the ENE board resolution will 
be drafted for the Oct. meeting.  In the interim, he is convinced that only 
Enron Corp. should be a swap party to these equity swaps, forwards, etc.  I 
am going to speak with Rod Nelson (credit) and make some changes to our 
approach.  This should also make life easier negotiating with Lehman and Bear 
(from a credit perspecttive) but we'll reach an obvious stalemate when they 
ask for an Enron Corp. resolution (forthcoming after the relevant board 
meeting.  Sara
I need your expertise.  Attached is only a start.  SS
Mary:  Please let me know what happens.  All calculations should be made as 
of a specific date.  Sara
Mary Cook
08/02/2000 01:12 PM
See the attached proposed letter for ParPak.  I need the rest of the 
calculations, the Value of the Posted Credit Support as of the Valuation Date 
and the difference.  Do you normally have the trader review this type of 
letter prior to sending?  I think we should in this instance.  I expect 
ParPak to reply with a request for a Return Amount.  As this occurs, please 
let me draft that letter as well.  Thank you. 
I will finalize the letter for you when I get the calculations.  Any 
questions, please call.  Mary
Cathy and I left a message for Per since he originates hedge funds.  SS
Tana Jones
08/04/2000 09:16 AM
Anyone know anything about this?
Mary Tudon
08/04/2000 09:11 AM
Everybody,
Tanya suggested I ask all of you if you know anything related to a hotline 
call I took yesterday afternoon.  I got a call from John Arnold who wanted to 
know who was working on getting an ISDA in place with a subsidiary of 
Citibank. He thought it was a hedge fund, he wasn't sure.  He said that they 
were getting very impatient to start dealing with us.  He left a contact for 
Citibank:  Jerry Peskuchi (212) 723-7065, who wants to be updated on the 
status of the master.
Sorry I didn't bring this up in the morning meeting, but please let me know 
if any of you know anything about this, because I had no idea who to direct 
his call to and could only promise to try and find the right person handling 
this and pass the info on.
Ken:  In connection with our new product (and  absence of any physical 
activity in that product), I have the following question:
If neither ENA nor its counterparty is able to qualify as an offeree for 
purposes of the Trade Option Exemption (17 CFR Sec. 32.13, as amended) but 
each is an eligible swap participant (or better yet, each party has $10 
million in net worth as per Sec. 32.13) can the option still be exempt from 
CFTC regulation under the Swap Policy Statement or any CFTC interpretive 
letters?
I have concerns about not relying fully on the Trade Option Exemption but I 
also understood that the CFTC has informally said that the Swap Policy 
Statement provides a safe harbor for both swaps and options.
I am available to speak at your convenience.  Thanks.  Sara [713/853-5620] 
=09Rogelio L?pez Velarde  =0908/04/2000 02:52 PM
=09Please respond to Rogelio L?pez Velarde
=09=09=20
?
August 4, 2000.
?
?
MEMORANDUM
?
VIA E-MAIL
?
Shari Stack, Esq.????? ???????????=20
??????????? Sara Shackleton, Esq.
?
??????????? Sean McCoy=20
???????????=20
Re:????? CRE Resolution Encouraging the Use of Financially Settled Commodity=20
Derivatives Transactions For Natural Gas=20
Prices  
?
?
The Energy Regulatory Commission (Comisi?n Reguladora de Energ?a) (=01&CRE=018),=20
published last Wednesday in the Federal Register a resolution by means of=20
which the CRE encourages the use of financially settled commodity derivatives=20
transactions (=01&Financial Instruments=018) to hedge the risk of the natural gas=20
price variations in Mexico (the =01&CRE Resolution=018). Over-the-counter Financial=20
Instruments transactions are being enticed by the CRE in light of the surge=20
of natural gas prices[1]. It is expected that such derivatives market will be=20
expanded to other type of energy commodities, such as electric power.
?
Essentially, the CRE is encouraging the use of Financial Instruments by=20
giving a discount of the price index applicable for the month of August, 2000.
?
The CRE Resolution provides in general terms that:
?
1. The Mexican Users[2] that are able to sign a Financial Instrument with=20
Pemex-Gas y Petroqu?mica B?sica (=01&PGPB=018), or with any third party, before=20
September 1, 2000, covering commodity prices fluctuations for the period of=20
September 2000 thru February 2001, will benefit from a factor of at least=20
0.75, which will be applied to the price of reference (i.e. $3.705 U.S.=20
Dollars per MMBtu), which results in a price of $2.7788 U.S. Dollars per=20
MMBtu, only during the month of August, 2000 (the =01&Discount Factor=018).
?
??????????? 2.Mexico=01,s Local Distribution Companies (=01&LDCs=018), that have=20
contracted Financial Instruments for their clients, shall passthrough to the=20
Users the benefits resulting from the Discount Factor, only if such end users=20
have previously agreed upon the rendering of such services.
?
??????????? 3. Needless to say, the price determination for the period of=20
September 2000, thru February 2001, will be freely agreed upon between seller=20
of the Financial Instruments, and the User or the LDC, as the case may be.
?
???????????=20
????? Very truly yours,
?
?
?
?
?
?
?
?
?
?
?
?
?
?
?
?
?
?
?
?
?
?
?
?
?
?
?
?
?
?
?
?
?
?
?
?
?
?
?
?
?
?
?
?
?
RLV/JCC/SMC
H:\jcc10\VARIOS\Futuros Gas\MM Futuros Gas.doc
?
?
[1]Domestic natural gas prices in Mexico are indexed to a liquid market in=20
South Texas. Such index prices have increased in 43% during the period of=20
May-June 2000, and in 89% from January-June 2000.
[2]As defined in the Natural Gas Regulations, =01&User=018 shall mean either a=20
marketer or an end user.
- header.htm
Attached are sample templates for ISDA confirms which you requested.  The 
swap (first template) includes sample NG Floating Price language.  Sara
Sheila Glover
08/01/2000 11:13 AM
Sara, Samantha,
I spoke with Guillaume this morning.  He suggested that we do the PrimeTrade 
Access Agreement first.  This allows us to get the CD for the PrimeTrade 
application  and to install it on a  PC here, roll it out to the traders, and 
have CSFB come in for trainng.
At the same time we can complete the clearing agreement.
We will not do the give up agreement.  If we decide we can do easily in the 
future.
Guillaume suggested that you call him if you have any questions.  He will be 
happy to facilitate.
Sheila 
Dear Sheila
My colleagues have told me that you have received the following CSFB
documents.
* PrimeTrade access agreement
* standardized give ups
* clearing docs
* futures fees.
Please let me know if you need any help or have any questions , I will make
sure that you get answers right away.
Sincerely
G de Dalmas
Guillaume de Dalmas
Director
CREDIT | FIRST
SUISSE | BOSTON
Prime Brokerage & Listed Derivatives
Eleven Madison Avenue
New York, NY 10010-3629
email:guillaume.dedalmas@csfb.com
Tel:      212-325-2730
Fax:     603-250-4916
Mobile: 914-830-4842
[INFO] -- Content Manager:
Sheila Glover
07/31/2000 12:48 PM
Per the request of Kate Goss, attached is the Futures Opening documents
Booklets 1 and 2, including W-8 and W-9 forms.
If you have any questions, please call Kate Goss at 212 325-2228.
[INFO] -- Content Manager:
- carol.pdf
Sheila Glover
07/27/2000 03:59 PM
Sara, 
The clearing agreement is below We do not need to complete the Give-up agreement.  We  will execute and clear 
through CSFB for this activity.
Sheila
Sheila,
At the request of Kate Goss of our Fixed Income Trading Group
please find clearing documentation and a Give-Up agreement for
executing with additional brokers.
Please have the clearing documents executed by the appropriate parties and
returned to my attention along
with supporting documents establishing the ability of the entity to trade
futures, authorization of the individual(s)
who signed the documents to be able to do so, trading guidelines and any
applicable resolutions.
With regard to the Give-up Agreement, please have this document executed on
behalf of Enron and forwarded to the
executing broker with instructions to return the Give-Up agreement to me for
final signature and distribution..
Please call with any questions or concerns.
,
Steven J. Reis
Vice President
CREDIT l FIRST
SUISSE  l BOSTON
Legal and Compliance
Tel:   212-325-6365
Fax: 212-325-8282
e-mail Steven.Reis@CSFB.com
[INFO] -- Content Manager:
- futures.pdf
- 3prtygu.doc
Madhur Dayal
07/17/2000 12:29 PM
Sara,
here is online (web based) convertible trading site hat I could use - kindof 
like an online broker where they match up buyers and sellers.  I take it that 
before we enter to any agreement with them you need to approve it all 
I have not looked at this document yet, so please feel free to make any 
comments you may have.
Madhur
Dear Madhur,
It was a pleasure to speak to you this afternoon.  Enclosed are the
subscriber agreements that I mentioned.  Please let me know if you have any
questions about our system or our documentation.   Thanks and I look forward
to hearing from you.
,
Lisa O'Connor
Lisa Mears O'Connor, CFA
BuySide Direct LLC
a subsidiary of Intelligent Markets, Inc.
415-369-5020 Phone
415-369-5021 Fax
- Agreement Dated April 7 2000.doc
- Application Dated April 7 2000.doc
I will need to be at my home today and tomorrow at 4 pm for repair 
estimates.  I will coordinate my schedule with Kaye.  Sara
Mark:  Do we have any special considerations/expertise with respect to the 
evaluation of "internet trading platform" agreements?  I am starting to see 
more of these from Gary's group.  Please let me know.  Currently, I have 
Jason evaluating two of these.  Sara
Mike Fowler@
08/07/2000 08:46 AM
I recently joined Jeff Kinneman's group and have been asked to participate in 
the evaluation of various internet trading platforms.  Is your area reviewing 
agreements / legal issues related to the Buy Side Direct site or its parent 
Intelligent Markets ?  Could I get an update on the status of this review and 
any outstanding issues ?
Thanks.
Mike 
x39990
Mary:  I hear through the grapevine that we may be trading through Bank One In any event, we need to add all of the executed agreements to the Lotus 
Notes database.  Samantha should be able to handle this for you since she 
maintains and updates the brokerage reports and keeps the files near her 
desk.  Thanks.  Sara
Edmund:  Did you draft the DTD language?  I have questions.  Also, I would=20
kindly appreciate your response on Morgan Stanley.  Thanks.  Sara
=09Sheetal Patel
=0908/01/2000 06:02 PM
=09=09=20
Sara,
Below is the most recent language I have received from the London office=20
referencing the Market Wire correctly.
Thanks,
Sheetal=20
Sheetal Patel
08/01/2000 05:53 PM
Matt/Susan,
Below is the common and float pricing language I have been asking about.  I=20
need an okay from a trader and legal perspective before putting this language=20
in our confirms.  If you notice, the most recent language is in red.
Thanks,
Sheetal=20
Edmund Cooper
07/07/2000 17:11
Floating Price:
The mean of the arithmetic average of the daily high and low quotations for=20
Dated Brent under the heading 'Platt's Crude Oil Marketwire: Brent (DTD)' as=20
reported in Platt's Crude Oil Marketwire minus the average of the daily=20
settlement prices for the prompt month of the IPE Brent Crude Oil Futures=20
Contract for each Commodity Business Day/Trading Day for the applicable=20
Determination Period, with the exception of the last Commodity Business=20
Day/Trading Day of the prompt month on which day the settlement price for the=20
Second Nearby Month will be used.  The calculation should include only the=20
days when both the IPE is open and Platts publish their dated Brent=20
assessment.
Common Pricing:
Pricing to be effective only on the days when both the IPE is open and Platts=20
publish their dated Brent assessment.
Sheetal
Just a quick reminder of the trades I needed with common pricing!
Any problems give me a call
Cheers
Chris
:)
Sheetal
I'm sorry - here you are!
Floating Price:
The mean of the arithmetic average of the daily high and low quotations for=20
Crude Oil Assessments published in the table entitled =01&Crude Price=20
Assessments: International US$/BBL: Brent (DTD)=018 in the issue of Platt=01,s=20
Crude Oil Marketwire that reports prices effective for such Business  Days=20
during the Determination Period minus the average of the daily settlement=20
prices for the prompt month of the IPE Brent Futures Contract for each=20
Commodity Business Day/Trading Day for the applicable Determination Period,=20
with the exception of the last Commodity Business Day/Trading Day of the=20
prompt month on which day the settlement price for the Second Nearby Month=20
will be used.=20
Common Pricing:
Pricing to be effective only on the days when both the IPE is open and Platts=20
publish their dated Brent assessment.
Cheers
Chris
:)
Sheetal Patel
08/06/2000 22:51
Hi Chris,
I have not received any language from you.  Just wanted to make sure you=20
didnt forget. =20
Thanks,
Sheetal 
The attached confirm is a swap.  There is no need for a rep in the confirm If a weather deal is structured as an option, Gordon Heaney (backed by Diane 
Anderson) who confirms weather transactions, adds the weather-specific Trade 
Option rep into the confirmation.  The desk uses a template for options.  Let 
me know if you have any other questions.  Sara
Tana Jones
08/07/2000 10:52 AM
I thought this was what we were already doing.  Sara, Mark, wasn't that your 
understanding?
Brent Hendry@
08/07/2000 10:45 AM
When the Master does not have the weather modification to the Trade Option 
Exemption representation then I think we should include it in the confirm. Is 
this feasible?
Tana Jones@ECT
08/07/2000 10:25 AM
Tanya forwarded the attached confirm on to me.  Are we supposed to have that 
weather rep also in confirmations when we trade under a master?
Tanya Rohauer
08/07/2000 10:21 AM
I don't have a 7/28/00 email from you.  What do you need? SS
Samantha Boyd@
08/07/2000 03:29 PM
Please provide me with the requested information per my 7/28/00 e-mail to 
you.  Your attention to this matter is greatly appreciated.
Samantha M. Boyd
Sr. Legal Specialist
Samantha Boyd
07/28/2000 05:22 PM
Per Sara Shackleton, I need to check with you to find out if the guaranty cap 
for the above-referenced Counterparty has not changed.  Please respond to my 
e-mail at your earliest convenience so that I can forward a new Guaranty to 
Emma Nakakuke.  Your assistance with this matter is greatly appreciated.
Samantha M. Boyd
Sr. Legal Specialist
Sara Shackleton@ECT
07/27/2000 08:48 AM
Would you please generate a fresh ENE guaranty and email to the lawyer (see 
Lotus Notes - Emma Nakakuki is the new attorney).  Also, please verify with 
credit (Rod Nelson in London) that the guaranty cap has not changed.  I have 
the file in my office.  Thanks.  SS
Yes, please.  Sara
"JASON PETERS"  	08/07/2000 08:01 PM
Sara,
Do you want to see my comments to the above-referenced Agreement before they 
go out or would you prefer for me to copy you on the fax to CSFB.
I got your message on ABN - AMRO (Australia).  I'll come by this week to 
check the changes.
Jason
Who will be handling P&G this 'go-round?  Sara
Ed Quinn
08/08/2000 08:07 AM
Sara,
I think the sleeping giant is awakening....Can you e-mail or send me a copy 
of the black-lined (latest) version of the P&G Master ISDA 
We'd like to start this process again.  Please include any changes to the 
schedule or credit support annex that have been made over the last 12 months.
Thanks; please call me if this is a problem or with any questions.
Ed Quinn 
Susan:  I need to see if we ever incorporated any P&G comments into any prior 
draft.  Then we should redraft a new master (but let's speak with Ed first Thanks.  Sara
Ed Quinn
08/08/2000 08:07 AM
Sara,
I think the sleeping giant is awakening....Can you e-mail or send me a copy 
of the black-lined (latest) version of the P&G Master ISDA 
We'd like to start this process again.  Please include any changes to the 
schedule or credit support annex that have been made over the last 12 months.
Thanks; please call me if this is a problem or with any questions.
Ed Quinn 
Edmund:  Attached is a slightly different version of DTD Brent which I have=20
drafted.  I would like to discuss.  Please let me know when you can talk. =20
Sara
=09Sheetal Patel
=0908/01/2000 06:02 PM
=09=09=20
Sara,
Below is the most recent language I have received from the London office=20
referencing the Market Wire correctly.
Thanks,
Sheetal=20
Sheetal Patel
08/01/2000 05:53 PM
Matt/Susan,
Below is the common and float pricing language I have been asking about.  I=20
need an okay from a trader and legal perspective before putting this language=20
in our confirms.  If you notice, the most recent language is in red.
Thanks,
Sheetal=20
Edmund Cooper
07/07/2000 17:11
Floating Price:
The mean of the arithmetic average of the daily high and low quotations for=20
Dated Brent under the heading 'Platt's Crude Oil Marketwire: Brent (DTD)' as=20
reported in Platt's Crude Oil Marketwire minus the average of the daily=20
settlement prices for the prompt month of the IPE Brent Crude Oil Futures=20
Contract for each Commodity Business Day/Trading Day for the applicable=20
Determination Period, with the exception of the last Commodity Business=20
Day/Trading Day of the prompt month on which day the settlement price for the=20
Second Nearby Month will be used.  The calculation should include only the=20
days when both the IPE is open and Platts publish their dated Brent=20
assessment.
Common Pricing:
Pricing to be effective only on the days when both the IPE is open and Platts=20
publish their dated Brent assessment.
Sheetal
Just a quick reminder of the trades I needed with common pricing!
Any problems give me a call
Cheers
Chris
:)
Sheetal
I'm sorry - here you are!
Floating Price:
The mean of the arithmetic average of the daily high and low quotations for=20
Crude Oil Assessments published in the table entitled =01&Crude Price=20
Assessments: International US$/BBL: Brent (DTD)=018 in the issue of Platt=01,s=20
Crude Oil Marketwire that reports prices effective for such Business  Days=20
during the Determination Period minus the average of the daily settlement=20
prices for the prompt month of the IPE Brent Futures Contract for each=20
Commodity Business Day/Trading Day for the applicable Determination Period,=20
with the exception of the last Commodity Business Day/Trading Day of the=20
prompt month on which day the settlement price for the Second Nearby Month=20
will be used.=20
Common Pricing:
Pricing to be effective only on the days when both the IPE is open and Platts=20
publish their dated Brent assessment.
Cheers
Chris
:)
Sheetal Patel
08/06/2000 22:51
Hi Chris,
I have not received any language from you.  Just wanted to make sure you=20
didnt forget. =20
Thanks,
Sheetal 
You bet!  It's me.  I've been at Enron since mid-1994.  Sara
egflegal
08/08/2000 09:33 AM
Are you the Sara Shackleton who worked for Gordon, Arata?  I'm Jo Wiley and I 
worked for Preston Oil.  I just took your call for Nora Dobin and when I saw 
your name flash across the screen, I just had to ask.
Jo Wiley, ext. 57664
Jeff says Floating Price language is ok.  SS
From the contract specification documentation provided by the OM to us I 
would say that for the "pulpex futures contract", reference to the term
"Daily Settlement Price" is the same as reference to "daily closing price" or 
"last traded price" for the Pulpex Futures Contract after reading contract 
specification section 2.1.13 of their documentation.  The OM simply defines 
it as the last traded price on each business day.  However, "Daily Settlment 
Price" for the pulpex options contract per contract specification 2.2.6 
defines it as the mid price of the closing bid and offer price Give me your fax number and I'll send the documentation to you for review.
That being said I think your floating price language is OK and we should move 
forward in order to close the books on this one.
Thanks for your help.
JH.
Sara Shackleton
07/16/99 09:36 AM
Please review and let's talk.  Thanks.  SS
The London office is forwarding recent legal advice from our lawyers in South 
Africa regarding FX clearances.  It seems that prior to transacting with a 
South African party, we need copies of the party's "certification" from the 
National Bank allowing the party to make payments out of the country (thereby 
converting local currency to USD).  Such approvals are severely restricted I will forward the memos to Susan Bailey for inclusion in our "database" of 
global advice.  Sara
Sheila:  I just received the package from Simmons.  Will you please send your 
request to the usual suspects?  Thanks.
Sam:  Will you please track this agreement on Lotus Notes?  Thanks.
Yes.  Sara
P.S.  Can you call me and let me know what products you are looking to trade 
online 
Mike Fowler@
08/08/2000 12:43 PM
In addition to the Buy Side Direct agreement noted below, I am looking at 
several other online trading sites for corporate bonds.  For assistance in 
reviewing related agreements, should I work with you 
Thanks.
Mike
x39990
Mike Fowler
08/07/2000 08:46 AM
I recently joined Jeff Kinneman's group and have been asked to participate in 
the evaluation of various internet trading platforms.  Is your area reviewing 
agreements / legal issues related to the Buy Side Direct site or its parent 
Intelligent Markets ?  Could I get an update on the status of this review and 
any outstanding issues ?
Thanks.
Mike 
x39990
Kevin:  Attached is a draft form of confirm.  There are many details to be 
completed but this is a start.  Sara
I hope this is really for you!  Sara
Bernardo Andrews@
08/08/2000 01:41 PM
Infantino Federico  Rodolfo/Bernardo,
Aca les mando el Schedule y el Credit Support Annex del ISDA que tenemos
armado para Perez Companc.
Estamos en contacto para analizar que otras exposiciones podemos cubrir
adem?s de las de crudo.
Saludos,
Federico.
- CSANNEX.DOC
- SCHEDULEPC.DOC
...and here's the rest...  Could you please handle?
Bernardo Andrews@
08/08/2000 01:34 PM
Sara,
I am working with Jeff Kabel in the Buenos Aires Office, pitching our risk 
management capabilities. We are focusing on the Power market and the Liquids 
market in BA. 
In this regard we have contacted Perez Companc, active both in Oil trading 
and Power Generation, and as a result we have a possibility of structuring 
some options on power with them.
I will like to ask you which is our situation as   ISDA documentation 
with Perez. Do we have one signed with them ? What needs to be done to have 
it ?
I have received from them a copy of the credit support and schedule and will 
forward it to you.
,
Bernardo
John:  Did you speak with John Nicholson?  I need his phone number please Call me.  Sara
Ken:  Where can I find the CFTC's statement that the swap policy statement is 
not available for agricultural trade options?  We are in a "holding pattern" 
for the time being.  No products have been developed.  Thanks.  Sara
RAISLERK@sullcrom.com
08/04/2000 11:41 AM
With respect to agricultural trade options, the CFTC has specifically said 
that the swaps exemtion and the swaps policy statement are not available.  I 
will call you.
Ken:  In connection with our new product (and  absence of any physical 
activity
in that product), I have the following question:
If neither ENA nor its counterparty is able to qualify as an offeree for
purposes of the Trade Option Exemption (17 CFR Sec. 32.13, as amended) but 
each
is an eligible swap participant (or better yet, each party has $10 million in
net worth as per Sec. 32.13) can the option still be exempt from CFTC 
regulation
under the Swap Policy Statement or any CFTC interpretive letters?
I have concerns about not relying fully on the Trade Option Exemption but I 
also
understood that the CFTC has informally said that the Swap Policy Statement
provides a safe harbor for both swaps and options.
I am available to speak at your convenience.  Thanks.  Sara [713/853-5620]
This e-mail is sent by a law firm and contains information
that may be privileged and confidential. If you are not the
intended recipient, please delete the e-mail and notify us
immediately.
ENA is waiting for a blackline from Harvard's outside lawyer which should 
incorporate all previous discussions.  Until that time, we cannot be certain 
that Harvard has incorporated all of our comments and concessions.  Sara
Per:  Do you want to have a conference call with all of us 
Mary:  Mieco is one of Carol's "Top Tens".  Would you please take this one Ed Sacks will be calling you shortly.  Thanks.  Sara
FYI - here's the info I just received from the "ECT trader" in Buenos 
Aires Sara,
I think we must mention the following as the source of the index price for 
energy: "Documento de Transacciones Economicas" (DTE). This is an electronic 
document published by Cammesa, and is available to all participants of the 
Wholesale Electric Market in Argentina. It's a summary of all the economic 
transactions between the participants of the Wholesale Electric Market 
(Generators, Transmission Co, Distributors, Marketers and End Users).
This DTE is published around the 5th or 6th day of each month and reports all 
transactions for the previous month. It is accessed by calling into Cammesa's 
server and replicating the corresponding database.
The attached word file shows you different screens of this electronic 
document. The second zipped file is the DTE for June.
(See attached file: IndexView.doc)(See attached file: dte9906.zip)
Have a look at it and give me a call if you have any questions.
, Julian
- IndexView.doc - dte9906.zip
Friday is best for me.  I think you should have John S. available.  I'll make 
sure that Jason is available by phone.  SS
Per Sekse
08/09/2000 12:14 PM
Better yet, I'm in Houston Thurs & Fri this week. Let me know when you're 
free and I'll stop by.  Per
ENA is waiting for a blackline from Harvard's outside lawyer which should 
incorporate all previous discussions.  Until that time, we cannot be certain 
that Harvard has incorporated all of our comments and concessions.  Sara
Per:  Do you want to have a conference call with all of us 
Tina:  Per my voice mail, please provide me with a copy of the confirm of the 
referenced transaction booked by J. Aron in the name of ENA rather than Enron 
Corp., expiring 12/08/00, settling 12/11/00 (collar, Strike 1.55).  Who is 
monitoring?  ENA (and Enron Corp.) are being asked to execute this novation Thanks.  Sara
Kristina Mordaunt@MUNICATIONS
Sent by: Robin Jordan@MUNICATIONS
08/03/2000 05:46 PM
Sara -
Per Kristina's request attached please find the master bandwidth 
agreements.  Please call me (x33246) if you have any questions or if anything 
further is needed. 
Thank you,
Robin
Libby Rutherford  - legal
Irene Yates - tax
Ed Quinn
08/09/2000 02:58 PM
Sara,
Since P&G is a mammoth bureacracy and I am dealing with a new business 
contact, can you check your files and provide me the name of their 
counsel(s)  that worked on last year's ISDA negotiation.
Thanks.
Ed Quinn
Mark Taylor
08/09/2000 02:47 PM
Looks like Justin has already contacted S&C.
Justin Boyd
08/09/2000 12:53 PM
Gentlemen - please see below as well as the S&C memo attached.  I will also 
send you a related email later.
Thanks.
Justin
Jon Barrett@MGLTD
07/08/2000 17:46
We received the attached from Sullivan & Cromwell re the FX business and the 
possibilities of using a US companyn which company to use for contract 
purposes. At a meeting here at MG today, the consensus/preference was not to 
use a UK company as we have no full ISD (chapter 10) firm nor the wish to 
change MG's status.
Per the advice from S&C, we like the idea of using a US corporation with a UK 
"arranger" to cover any UK regulatory issues that arise. Dependent on where 
the business will end up (I understand to be discussed by Gary Hickerson/Mike 
Hutchinson 18th August), the following appears to be the among the logical 
solutions:
The current customer base consists of entities in the US, Canada, France, UK 
and Switzerland.
Please advise on any group/tax issues that can affect the final decision. If 
you need any further information, please let me know.
Many thanks.
GILBERGD@sullcrom.com on 06/08/2000 15:45:55
eSafe Protect Gateway (tm) has scanned this mail for viruses, vandals and
suspicious attachments and has found it to be CLEAN.
File: 62cy01!.DOC (38,400 bytes)
Result: Clean.
Attached is a draft of the memo we discussed on the proposed FX business. 
Please call or e-mail with any questions 
This e-mail is sent by a law firm and contains information
that may be privileged and confidential. If you are not the
intended recipient, please delete the e-mail and notify us
immediately.
- 62cy01!.DOC
Mark Taylor
08/09/2000 02:46 PM
This may be pertinent.
Justin Boyd
08/09/2000 12:54 PM
Jon,
I had a glance over the written paper from Sullivan & Cromwell as to FX 
Transactions, and it seems to me that there would be fewer US regulatory 
issues (should there be any), if we were to use MG Brokers Inc, the FCM 
entity.  Are there any other reasons why we would not want to use this entity?
[Mark/Alan/Marcus - I have separately sent you by email the Sullivan Cromwell paper]
Thanks.
Justin
Jon Barrett@MGLTD
09/08/2000 16:37
Jon, 
My suggestion would be for the FX business be run out of a NON FCM firm in 
the states (NY) since it is a non-regulated product. 
If you have an questions please call me at x5845.
,
Alfred Pennisi
MG London Inc.
520 Madison Avenue
28th Floor
New York, NY 10022
Tel: 212.715.5845
E-mail: alfred.pennisi@mglondon.com 
FYI - is Tina right?
Tina Livingston
08/10/2000 08:16 AM
Sara, I will provide you the confirm as soon as I return to Houston.  I am 
traveling for the remainder of this week.  Harry Arora is monitoring the 
confirmation.  I will call you on Monday to discuss this further.  Meanwhile, 
Goldman Sachs is not expecting anything from us until next week Tina
Tina:  Per my voice mail, please provide me with a copy of the confirm of the 
referenced transaction booked by J. Aron in the name of ENA rather than Enron 
Corp., expiring 12/08/00, settling 12/11/00 (collar, Strike 1.55).  Who is 
monitoring?  ENA (and Enron Corp.) are being asked to execute this novation Thanks.  Sara
E*TRADE  	08/09/2000 06:26 PM
Get ready...decimalization is coming soon!
Dear SARAH:
To bring the U.S. securities markets in line with foreign markets and
make the pricing easier to understand, the Securities Industry
Association and the Securities and Exchange Commission have agreed to
convert the existing U.S. stock and exchange-traded options markets
from fraction to decimal-based pricing. The SEC has recently mandated
that this project be initiated no later than September 5, 2000.
As of this date, it hasn't been decided whether stocks will be traded
in nickel or penny increments. The NYSE will begin testing the decimal
system in September with a group of 50 stocks traded to the penny,
while all others will continue to be quoted in fractions. To ensure
that the transition progresses smoothly, with no disruption to the
functioning of the market, other stocks and options will convert
gradually to decimal pricing over a period of six months.
What this means to you as an E*TRADE customer:
Decimalization means you'll soon see the prices for stocks and options
quoted the same way they are at the grocery store or the gas station:
$20.50 (not $20-1/2) and $35.25 (not $35-1/4). By April 1, 2001, every
price you see on your trade confirmations, statements, on the E*TRADE
Web site, in the newspapers, and on the stock tickers on television
will be expressed in decimals.
E*TRADE is prepared to do everything possible to make this transition
from fractions to decimals a smooth one. Beginning in August, we will
post more information about the conversion to decimal pricing on our
Web site. Please check regularly for updates.
As always, thank you for investing with E*TRADE. We look forward to
serving you for many years to come.
Sincerely,
Suzi White
E*TRADE Vice President, Service Quality
P.S. Remember, stay tuned to the E*TRADE Web site for updates. In the
meantime, check out the following sites for additional information.
Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC)
Office of Investor Education and Assistance
National Association of Securities Dealers (NASD)
Decimalization Program Management Office
New York Stock Exchange
Securities Industry Association (SIA)
1. Click the e-mail Reply button.
2. Type the word "remove" in the subject line.
3. Click on the Send E-mail button.
Your e-mail address will be removed from E*TRADE's
e-mail list.We will confirm your request by e-mail.
You are subscribed at:  sshackl@ect.enron.com
reserved.
- att1.htm
Brent:  In connection with the "research memoranda" which I gave to you, the 
specific issue about whether ENA can hold cash collateral posted by a 
Canadian party has arisen in connection with a company named J.D. Irving, 
Limited.  ENA legal has spoken with Peter Keohane, two Canadian law firms and 
one US law firm, and previously concluded that it was easier to simply not 
accept cash.  Please see what you can do!  Thanks.  Sara  
I don't know this S&C lawyer!
Trena McFarland
08/10/2000 10:03 AM
Jon Barrett@MGLTD
03/08/2000 08:10
David
The US entity we're considering at the moment is an FCM, regulated by the 
CFTC and which is a member of NYMEX/COMEX. It currently clears the NY 
exchanges metals business for the group. It will probably be utilised to 
clear the NY exchange energy business following the Enron tie up. It may 
assist in clearing CSCE business but is unlikely at this stage to be looking 
to be a CSCE exchange member. 
It currently has capital of $2 million and subordinated debt of $20 million. 
Profits are generally paid out in the form of a dividend so although it may 
have a small amount of retained profit it won't be material. Currently it has 
about $10 million of regulatory capital requirements.
Depending on your advice, we may consider an un-regulated company with, at 
the moment, not very much capital. This latter point could be rectified, 
either with subordinated debt or capital injection. The EFP customer 
facilities (approximately 50% of the business) may prohibit this.
I hope this is enough info.
.
Jon
GILBERGD@sullcrom.com on 03/08/2000 03:57:28
Thanks.  I will prepare a memo.  One question on your e-mail -- can you give 
me a bit more information about the US entity that will be the FX dealer For example, is it currently regulated in any respect?  Is it, or will it be, 
engaged in any other businesses?  How large is it in terms of assets or net 
worth?  Thanks.  I'll get back to you soon.
David
Further to our recent telephone conversation, we would be grateful if you 
would
give us a brief written summary on the regulatory and/or legal issues 
governing
a US corporation transacting foreign exchange with US and non-US customers. My
basic understanding of our telephone conversation was that, as a non-bank,
neither the Fed, the SEC nor the CFTC have any jurisdiction. However the
Commodities Exchange Act prohibits us from contracting with certain types of
counterparties.
The potential business we are looking at currently covers outright foreign
exchange with counterparties such as banks, securities houses, funds, 
corporates
and, possibly, high net worth individuals. The business also covers the
provision of EFP facilities for these customers whereby they ultimately 
receive
a currency futures position on the IMM division of the CME or on FINEX. This
latter area is one where, from the Exchanges' points of view, we would
effectively be acting as an executing broker.
I hope this brief description is enough for you to be able to respond but if 
you
have any questions or would like further clarification, you can contact me by
e-mail or by telephone on +44 20 7265 5421.
Thank you for your help in this.
Kind 
Jon Barrett
The information contained in this e-mail message and any files transmitted 
with
it are confidential and may be legally privileged. It is intended only for the
addressee and others authorized to receive it. If you are not the intended
recipient or the person responsible for delivering the message to the intended
recipient you are advised that you have received the e-mail in error and that
any disclosure, copying, distribution or action taken in reliance on the
contents of the e-mail and it's attachments is strictly prohibited and may be
unlawful. Please advise the sender immediately if you are not the intended
recipient.
This e-mail is sent by a law firm and contains information
that may be privileged and confidential. If you are not the
intended recipient, please delete the e-mail and notify us
immediately.
FYI
We have decided NOT to proceed with the swap agreement.  Enron and Shell will
each write a guaranty in favor of TBS for their pro rata share of the negative
difference between the gas price received and gas price paid resulting from 
the
differential in the gas price escalators.  Any positive difference in TBS's
favor will run through the TBS accounts to the TBS distribution account and,
subject to the blocking test in the Accts and Disbursement Agmt, will then be
distributed to E & S.
Dean & John: Can you propose a draft guaranty for internal review?  Once we're
happy with it we can send it to Shell for their consideration/sign-off Thanks.
,
John
I am sending this e-mail message to address several issues related to the
swap and to circulate a proposed confirmation for your consideration.
Before addressing the swap, however, I should note that it is not clear to
me that the project team has finally decided to proceed with a swap rather
than a guaranty.  If we are not, I would appreciate someone letting me know
so that we can stop this process.
Comments on the Draft Schedule:
1.  Part 1(a) "Specified Entity":  A Specified Entity is an entity
other than the parties whose actions can cause an event of default or a
termination event.  The draft schedule does not contemplate a Specified
Entity.  I think we should consider whether EPE and/or SCG should be a
Specified Entity with respect to TBS.
2.  Part 1(b) "Threshold Amount": proposes $1,000,000 for TBS, which
seems low given that Enron Corp. is backing it up.
3.  Part 1(h) "Additional Event of Default":  If we use a swap
arrangement, there will be two: one for 72.5% between TBS and ECT, and one
for 27.5% between TBS and a Shell entity.  If that is the case, do we want
an additional event of default under which a sale by Shell of its interest
in TBS could result in termination?
4.  Part 2  "Representations":  I think that we need someone in tax
to determine whether TBS can make the representations.
5.  Part 4(d) & (e) "Credit Support Provider": Shell will be the
credit support provider under the other swap arrangement, not this one.
6.  Part 4(g) "Governing Law", 4(h) "Arbitration": The schedule
proposes Texas law with AAA arbitration to be held in Texas.  It would seem
to me that we would want to use arbitration procedures that are similar to
those in the gas supply agreements, with ICC arbitration, held in Miami,
under New York, with joint arbitration if the same issue arises under one of
the gas supply arrangements (such as the proper calculation of price).
Comment on the Proposed Confirmation:
I have reproduced the gas supply pricing provisions from the EPE Gas
Supply Agreement under the "Fixed Amount Details" but have not done so under
the "Floating Amount Details", which cross-references the provisions of the
SCG Gas Supply Agreement, because of the length of those provisions.
Please let me know if you have any reactions to the above comments
or any comments on the attached confirmation.  I will contact Nasim to
discuss the process for pushing the swaps (or, alternatively, guaranties) to
completion.
, Dean
- SWAPCON1.doc
Trena McFarland
08/10/2000 10:02 AM
Jon Barrett@MGLTD
01/08/2000 12:35
David
Further to our recent telephone conversation, we would be grateful if you 
would give us a brief written summary on the regulatory and/or legal issues 
governing a US corporation transacting foreign exchange with US and non-US 
customers. My basic understanding of our telephone conversation was that, as 
a non-bank, neither the Fed, the SEC nor the CFTC have any jurisdiction. 
However the Commodities Exchange Act prohibits us from contracting with 
certain types of counterparties.
The potential business we are looking at currently covers outright foreign 
exchange with counterparties such as banks, securities houses, funds, 
corporates and, possibly, high net worth individuals. The business also 
covers the provision of EFP facilities for these customers whereby they 
ultimately receive a currency futures position on the IMM division of the CME 
or on FINEX. This latter area is one where, from the Exchanges' points of 
view, we would effectively be acting as an executing broker.
I hope this brief description is enough for you to be able to respond but if 
you have any questions or would like further clarification, you can contact 
me by e-mail or by telephone on +44 20 7265 5421.
Thank you for your help in this.
Kind 
Jon Barrett
Brent and Ed:  I'd like to take this opportunity to introduce you both to 
each other (if you haven't already met!).  Ed:  Brent is handling Latin 
America.  Brent:  Ed is part of our pulp & paper commercial group.  Can you 
please respond to his inquiry?  Thanks.  Sara
Ed Quinn
08/10/2000 02:43 PM
Sara,
Can we trade with counter-parties in Chile??  We have a strong credit in 
Chile that wants to purchase an 18 month financial swap for newsprint.  See 
note below for more in.  Let me know what we need to do 
Thanks.
Ed Quinn
Darren Gurner
08/10/2000 11:40 AM
Ed
The full name of the company is Empresas CMPC based in Chile
web site is www.cmpc.cl 
There might be a problem with the site only being in Spanish, but I know that 
credit here got S+P data on them.
Sending the Report tonight.
Darren
Kaye:  Will you please print this out for me?  Thanks.  Sara
Patrick Conner
08/10/2000 01:06 PM
This should give you the information that you were looking for.
PC
The following power point presentation graphically sets forth the steps 
necessary to integrate MG plc into Enron NetWorks L.P.  This presentation 
differs from that sent to several of you last week in that there are now 
dotted lines in red around those pieces of MG that are affected at each stage 
of the reorganization and solid red lines around the same pieces reflecting 
where they wind up at each such stage - hopefully a more friendly on the eyes 
presentation.  Please do not hesitate to call regarding any piece of the 
presentation.  My best to all.  Steve.
FYI as we sort through this structure.
Patrick Conner
08/10/2000 01:06 PM
This should give you the information that you were looking for.
PC
The following power point presentation graphically sets forth the steps 
necessary to integrate MG plc into Enron NetWorks L.P.  This presentation 
differs from that sent to several of you last week in that there are now 
dotted lines in red around those pieces of MG that are affected at each stage 
of the reorganization and solid red lines around the same pieces reflecting 
where they wind up at each such stage - hopefully a more friendly on the eyes 
presentation.  Please do not hesitate to call regarding any piece of the 
presentation.  My best to all.  Steve.
You're FAST!
Brent Hendry@
08/10/2000 04:59 PM
We are in the process of updating our legal due diligence for financial 
trading with Chilean counterparties right now.  Outside counsel is putting 
together an opinion for us and reviewing our form of master.  We expect to 
have some information early next week.  I will keep you informed.  In the 
meantime you should have credit check them out.  Let me know if you have any 
questions 
Brent
Sara Shackleton@ECT
08/10/2000 04:34 PM
Brent and Ed:  I'd like to take this opportunity to introduce you both to 
each other (if you haven't already met!).  Ed:  Brent is handling Latin 
America.  Brent:  Ed is part of our pulp & paper commercial group.  Can you 
please respond to his inquiry?  Thanks.  Sara
Ed Quinn
08/10/2000 02:43 PM
Sara,
Can we trade with counter-parties in Chile??  We have a strong credit in 
Chile that wants to purchase an 18 month financial swap for newsprint.  See 
note below for more in.  Let me know what we need to do 
Thanks.
Ed Quinn
Darren Gurner
08/10/2000 11:40 AM
Ed
The full name of the company is Empresas CMPC based in Chile
web site is www.cmpc.cl 
There might be a problem with the site only being in Spanish, but I know that 
credit here got S+P data on them.
Sending the Report tonight.
Darren
Done.  Thanks.  Sara
Mary Cook
08/10/2000 03:30 PM
Jason had a few ISDAs for Cayman Islands (the Tudor group of docs) which he 
advised were final.  Samantha prepared final docs.  I looked them over just 
generally and signed off.  I am however asking Samantha to just check with 
you regarding the docs before we send to credit since they are Cayman/FX and 
I think you worked with Jason on them.  Thanks.  Mary
Jason:  Two more electronic agreements.
Samantha:  Please enter into database.
Mike Fowler@
08/08/2000 03:30 PM
We are considering several online trading platforms for trading investment 
grade, high yield and convertible corporate bonds 
The sites we are considering are as follows:
Market Axess & LIMITrader - I will send you documents for these sites today.
Buy Side Direct, for which documents are being reviewed by your group.
Trading Edge / Bond Link - The review of documents for this site was 
originally handled by George Weber, who has since forwarded these agreements 
to Carmen Ayala.
Thanks for your assistance in reviewing these documents.  Please let me know 
if I can provide additional information during your review.
Mike
x39990
Yes.  Sara
P.S.  Can you call me and let me know what products you are looking to trade 
online 
Mike Fowler@
08/08/2000 12:43 PM
In addition to the Buy Side Direct agreement noted below, I am looking at 
several other online trading sites for corporate bonds.  For assistance in 
reviewing related agreements, should I work with you 
Thanks.
Mike
x39990
Mike Fowler
08/07/2000 08:46 AM
I recently joined Jeff Kinneman's group and have been asked to participate in 
the evaluation of various internet trading platforms.  Is your area reviewing 
agreements / legal issues related to the Buy Side Direct site or its parent 
Intelligent Markets ?  Could I get an update on the status of this review and 
any outstanding issues ?
Thanks.
Mike 
x39990
David:  Attached is the confirm Sara mentioned to you.  Below is a note for 
you from her:
1.  Price Return Swap
2.  Single payment of interest upon Final Termination
May need to convert to a TRS.  Will call.
Kaye
Justin/Paul:  The Houston contingent of EnronCredit.com Limited has a number 
of agreements which they would like to have executed.  All ENA/Enron Corp. 
affiliate brokerage/futures agreements are signed by the Enron trading party 
TOGETHER WITH Ted Murphy (for control purposes).  I am currently reviewing  
about 4-6 of these agreements.
How should we handle review of the referenced agreements originating from 
Houston?  Shall I continue to review?
Do you have trading resoutions/authorized trader lists in place for 
EnronCredit.com Limited?
I look forward to hearing from you.  Sara
Sheila:  Mike Fowler is involved in this effort.  He tells me that the entity 
is "EnronCredit.com Limited".  Is this info correct?  Sara
Sheila Glover
08/11/2000 10:44 AM
Sara,
What entity are these agreements in.  If they are in ECT Investments name, I 
think you should do.  If they are in ENA name, London can sign.
sheila
Justin/Paul:  The Houston contingent of EnronCredit.com Limited has a number 
of agreements which they would like to have executed.  All ENA/Enron Corp. 
affiliate brokerage/futures agreements are signed by the Enron trading party 
TOGETHER WITH Ted Murphy (for control purposes).  I am currently reviewing  
about 4-6 of these agreements.
How should we handle review of the referenced agreements originating from 
Houston?  Shall I continue to review?
Do you have trading resoutions/authorized trader lists in place for 
EnronCredit.com Limited?
I look forward to hearing from you.  Sara
Did you have comments on the bullet points?  Sara
I've been working with our desk to create draft confirm which Brent received 
yesterday.  Should I be dealing with Julian?  SS
A few minutes ago Scott Neal spoke to Claudio Majul from C. Puerto and 
executed the swap.
Puerto is now waiting for the confirmation.
Sara, let's work on the terms of the confirmation, and once ready send it to 
Scott for him to fax it to Puerto.
If anyone has questions pls. call me
Julian
Kimberly Bullock
08/11/2000 11:23 AM
Hi Susan,
Please put together our general Confidentiality Agreement and ISDA Agreement 
and send to the following:
AFR (American Fiber Resources)
Attn:  Robert C. Garland, President and CFO
701 Fourth Avenue
PO Box 277
Menominee, MI 49858
(906) 864-9120
(906) 863-2491-fax
Email:  RGarland@GLPF.com
Should you have questions please call Glenn Connors, ext  3-6324.  Thank you.
Kay Young
08/11/2000 11:27 AM
Sara:  I did a conflicts search and did not find anything pertaining to 
American Fiber Resources or AFR,
Kay
Kay C. Young
Legal Specialist
713-853-6794 Phone
713-646-3393 Fax
kay.young@
Kimberly Bullock
08/11/2000 11:23 AM
Hi Susan,
Please put together our general Confidentiality Agreement and ISDA Agreement 
and send to the following:
AFR (American Fiber Resources)
Attn:  Robert C. Garland, President and CFO
701 Fourth Avenue
PO Box 277
Menominee, MI 49858
(906) 864-9120
(906) 863-2491-fax
Email:  RGarland@GLPF.com
Should you have questions please call Glenn Connors, ext  3-6324.  Thank you.
"Jeff Seely"  	08/10/2000 11:37 PM
Dear Sara,
EXCITING UPDATES WITH SHAREBUILDER!
Last month I told you about some exciting things happening here with 
ShareBuilder. Have you noticed it on our site yet? We've just added over 
1,000 new stocks for a grand total that tops 3,000! There's never been a 
better time to consider adding new stocks or index shares to your plan. Visit 
and click on "ShareBuilder Stock List" today to 
checkout the complete list.
Now you can make dollar-based investments in some of these new stocks Here's an example of a few with names you may recognize:
Bally Total Fitness Holdings  BFT
Comcast Corporation   CMCSA
Loral Space & Communications  LOR
Nabisco Group Holdings   NGH
Neiman Marcus Group   NMG B
Pepsi Americas    PAS
Petco Animal Supplies, Inc.  PETC
Readers Digest Association  RDB
Register.com Incorporated  RCOM
Revlon Incorporated   REV
Tommy Hilfiger Corporation  TOM
Viacom Incorporated   VIA
SHAREBUILDER.COM AFFILIATE PROGRAM:
Another exciting addition you might have noticed recently is our new 
ShareBuilder Affiliate Program. Web portal sites that qualify to become 
affiliates will be able to share the benefits of ShareBuilder with visitors, 
and receive compensation.  If you have a business or work for a company that 
has a web portal site and would like to provide a great investment tool for 
your visitors, your organization can apply to become a ShareBuilder 
Affiliate.  To find out more about our affiliate program, visit 
ShareBuilder.com and click on "Become an Affiliate".
CREDIT UNION PARTNERS:
I'm also pleased to tell you that we've partnered with many credit unions 
over the last few months - we now have dozens of credit union partners. These 
partnerships let credit union members take care of all of their finances from 
a single online source - from balancing checkbooks, to making mortgage 
payments, and now watching long-term investments grow through ShareBuilder. 
Two of our most recent credit union partners are among the biggest in the 
nation: Boeing Employees Credit Union and The Golden 1 Credit Union. If 
you're a member of either, look for ShareBuilder on these sites: becu.org and 
golden1.com.
SAFECO PARTNERSHIP:
We also have entered into a partnership with SAFECO Corporation, one of the 
leading insurance companies in the U.S. and a Fortune 500 company.  We 
launched the SAFECO ShareBuilder last month, which is now available to direct 
investors in its mutual funds at safecofunds.com.  This is the first 
relationship we have announced with a major insurance company and are 
delighted to be associated with SAFECO, both as a partner and as a major 
private investor in our company.
CUSTOMER CARE:
If you have any questions regarding your account or ShareBuilder plan, feel 
free to contact one of our customer care agents via email at 
between the hours of 6 AM and 6 PM Pacific Time Monday through Friday.
,
Jeff Seely President and CEO
Netstock Direct Corporation
P.S. You are receiving this e-mail because you have a ShareBuilder or 
Netstock Direct Account setup with us.  You may unsubscribe, update or change 
your e-mail preferences, by visiting the "Account" section of the 
ShareBuilder site at   or if you are a Netstock 
Direct customer at netstockdirect.com.
ShareBuilder(tm) is brought to you by Netstock Investment Corporation, a 
registered broker-dealer and a member of the NASD and SIPC.
This email was sent to:  sshackl@ect.enron.com
"Jeff Seely"  	08/10/2000 11:37 PM
Dear Sara,
EXCITING UPDATES WITH SHAREBUILDER!
Last month I told you about some exciting things happening here with 
ShareBuilder. Have you noticed it on our site yet? We've just added over 
1,000 new stocks for a grand total that tops 3,000! There's never been a 
better time to consider adding new stocks or index shares to your plan. Visit 
and click on "ShareBuilder Stock List" today to 
checkout the complete list.
Now you can make dollar-based investments in some of these new stocks Here's an example of a few with names you may recognize:
Bally Total Fitness Holdings  BFT
Comcast Corporation   CMCSA
Loral Space & Communications  LOR
Nabisco Group Holdings   NGH
Neiman Marcus Group   NMG B
Pepsi Americas    PAS
Petco Animal Supplies, Inc.  PETC
Readers Digest Association  RDB
Register.com Incorporated  RCOM
Revlon Incorporated   REV
Tommy Hilfiger Corporation  TOM
Viacom Incorporated   VIA
SHAREBUILDER.COM AFFILIATE PROGRAM:
Another exciting addition you might have noticed recently is our new 
ShareBuilder Affiliate Program. Web portal sites that qualify to become 
affiliates will be able to share the benefits of ShareBuilder with visitors, 
and receive compensation.  If you have a business or work for a company that 
has a web portal site and would like to provide a great investment tool for 
your visitors, your organization can apply to become a ShareBuilder 
Affiliate.  To find out more about our affiliate program, visit 
ShareBuilder.com and click on "Become an Affiliate".
CREDIT UNION PARTNERS:
I'm also pleased to tell you that we've partnered with many credit unions 
over the last few months - we now have dozens of credit union partners. These 
partnerships let credit union members take care of all of their finances from 
a single online source - from balancing checkbooks, to making mortgage 
payments, and now watching long-term investments grow through ShareBuilder. 
Two of our most recent credit union partners are among the biggest in the 
nation: Boeing Employees Credit Union and The Golden 1 Credit Union. If 
you're a member of either, look for ShareBuilder on these sites: becu.org and 
golden1.com.
SAFECO PARTNERSHIP:
We also have entered into a partnership with SAFECO Corporation, one of the 
leading insurance companies in the U.S. and a Fortune 500 company.  We 
launched the SAFECO ShareBuilder last month, which is now available to direct 
investors in its mutual funds at safecofunds.com.  This is the first 
relationship we have announced with a major insurance company and are 
delighted to be associated with SAFECO, both as a partner and as a major 
private investor in our company.
CUSTOMER CARE:
If you have any questions regarding your account or ShareBuilder plan, feel 
free to contact one of our customer care agents via email at 
between the hours of 6 AM and 6 PM Pacific Time Monday through Friday.
,
Jeff Seely President and CEO
Netstock Direct Corporation
P.S. You are receiving this e-mail because you have a ShareBuilder or 
Netstock Direct Account setup with us.  You may unsubscribe, update or change 
your e-mail preferences, by visiting the "Account" section of the 
ShareBuilder site at   or if you are a Netstock 
Direct customer at netstockdirect.com.
ShareBuilder(tm) is brought to you by Netstock Investment Corporation, a 
registered broker-dealer and a member of the NASD and SIPC.
This email was sent to:  sshackl@
Mary:  After our last credit meeting, Russell's idea of "following up" on 
this counterparty was to assign it to Ed Sacks!  Can you please work with 
Ed?  This is one of Carol's files.  Once negotiated, it will serve as the 
basis for Reliant Energy Services Canada Ltd.  Thanks.  Sara
please print on legal
Jeff Nogid
08/11/2000 05:27 PM
Sara
Here is one file with the 2 position reports
Have a great weekend.  Jeff
Kaye:  Please remind me on Monday of this "delivery". Thanks.  Hope you had a 
great weekend.  Sara
Jeff Nogid
08/11/2000 01:18 PM
Sara-
AnnMarie Tiller has asked for:
1) A copy of the ISDA Master Agreement with Bear Stearns.
2) 1997 ISDA Government Bond Option Definitions
I don't have copies of the above documents and would be grateful if you can 
get copies to her.
Thanks
Jeff
Trena McFarland
08/10/2000 10:04 AM
file attached below
Jon Barrett@MGLTD
07/08/2000 11:46
We received the attached from Sullivan & Cromwell re the FX business and the 
possibilities of using a US companyn which company to use for contract 
purposes. At a meeting here at MG today, the consensus/preference was not to 
use a UK company as we have no full ISD (chapter 10) firm nor the wish to 
change MG's status.
Per the advice from S&C, we like the idea of using a US corporation with a UK 
"arranger" to cover any UK regulatory issues that arise. Dependent on where 
the business will end up (I understand to be discussed by Gary Hickerson/Mike 
Hutchinson 18th August), the following appears to be the among the logical 
solutions:
The current customer base consists of entities in the US, Canada, France, UK 
and Switzerland.
Please advise on any group/tax issues that can affect the final decision. If 
you need any further information, please let me know.
Many thanks.
GILBERGD@sullcrom.com on 06/08/2000 15:45:55
eSafe Protect Gateway (tm) has scanned this mail for viruses, vandals and
suspicious attachments and has found it to be CLEAN.
File: 62cy01!.DOC (38,400 bytes)
Result: Clean.
Attached is a draft of the memo we discussed on the proposed FX business. 
Please call or e-mail with any questions 
This e-mail is sent by a law firm and contains information
that may be privileged and confidential. If you are not the
intended recipient, please delete the e-mail and notify us
immediately.
- 62cy01!.DOC
Mark:  I am totally confused.  WHO is addressing CFTC issues for MG London, 
Inc.?  What is Alan's involvement?  SS
Justin Boyd
08/14/2000 01:43 AM
Sara,
Thanks for your message.  Perhaps we can speak over the next day or so 
As far as MG's business is concerned from NYC and the US, the legal support 
will be managed from Houston (Alan Aronowitz and Marcus Nettelton)  - I 
believe they will shortly be visiting NYC.
I would very much appreciate your support re: other legal issues, CFTC, etc
Thanks.
Justin
Good morning David!
Just hoping that you could have the confirm sent this morning.  I need to 
review with the commercial guys.  Thanks.  Sara
Please review the attached letter and comment.  I'll be glad to sign or would 
you prefer?  Sara
Edmund:  Did you ever have a chance to run my language by your trader?  Sara
=09Souad Mahmassani
=0908/14/2000 09:09 AM
=09=09
Sara,
Good morning.
Just wanted to see where are we on the below language.  London office is=20
wanting all confirmation with Brent TDT out ASAP.  I told them I can't do=20
anything until I get the go from you.  I am holding trades from June. =20
Please let me know.
Thanks,
Sheetal Patel@ECT
08/08/2000 09:58 AM
FYI
Edmund:  Attached is a slightly different version of DTD Brent which I have=20
drafted.  I would like to discuss.  Please let me know when you can talk. =20
Sara
=09Sheetal Patel
=0908/01/2000 06:02 PM
=09=09=20
Sara,
Below is the most recent language I have received from the London office=20
referencing the Market Wire correctly.
Thanks,
Sheetal=20
Sheetal Patel
08/01/2000 05:53 PM
Matt/Susan,
Below is the common and float pricing language I have been asking about.  I=20
need an okay from a trader and legal perspective before putting this language=20
in our confirms.  If you notice, the most recent language is in red.
Thanks,
Sheetal=20
Edmund Cooper
07/07/2000 17:11
Floating Price:
The mean of the arithmetic average of the daily high and low quotations for=20
Dated Brent under the heading 'Platt's Crude Oil Marketwire: Brent (DTD)' as=20
reported in Platt's Crude Oil Marketwire minus the average of the daily=20
settlement prices for the prompt month of the IPE Brent Crude Oil Futures=20
Contract for each Commodity Business Day/Trading Day for the applicable=20
Determination Period, with the exception of the last Commodity Business=20
Day/Trading Day of the prompt month on which day the settlement price for the=20
Second Nearby Month will be used.  The calculation should include only the=20
days when both the IPE is open and Platts publish their dated Brent=20
assessment.
Common Pricing:
Pricing to be effective only on the days when both the IPE is open and Platts=20
publish their dated Brent assessment.
Sheetal
Just a quick reminder of the trades I needed with common pricing!
Any problems give me a call
Cheers
Chris
:)
Sheetal
I'm sorry - here you are!
Floating Price:
The mean of the arithmetic average of the daily high and low quotations for=20
Crude Oil Assessments published in the table entitled =01&Crude Price=20
Assessments: International US$/BBL: Brent (DTD)=018 in the issue of Platt=01,s=20
Crude Oil Marketwire that reports prices effective for such Business  Days=20
during the Determination Period minus the average of the daily settlement=20
prices for the prompt month of the IPE Brent Futures Contract for each=20
Commodity Business Day/Trading Day for the applicable Determination Period,=20
with the exception of the last Commodity Business Day/Trading Day of the=20
prompt month on which day the settlement price for the Second Nearby Month=20
will be used.=20
Common Pricing:
Pricing to be effective only on the days when both the IPE is open and Platts=20
publish their dated Brent assessment.
Cheers
Chris
:)
Sheetal Patel
08/06/2000 22:51
Hi Chris,
I have not received any language from you.  Just wanted to make sure you=20
didnt forget. =20
Thanks,
Sheetal 
Molly:  I left you a voice mail this morning about Citibank.  The file 
reflects that you received correspondence from Citibank on 2/22/00 and Carol 
St. Clair had propsed revisions to the existing 1/9/96 ISDA Master Agreement 
(including changes to the CSA).  Have you agreed to those changes?  The 
Australia office is inquiring about the status of this Master Agreement Thanks.  Sara
I am not aware of the nuances of copper trading!  However, I left a message 
earlier this morning to find out from the MG lawyer.  I haven't heard back The deal ticket should provide for the premium payment date and, if not, I 
would use our standard language.  Sara
Souad Mahmassani
08/14/2000 09:38 AM
Sara / Susan,
On copper option trades, do you know when the premium is usually due?  Does 
the standard 2 days rule still applies to this commodity Thanks,
here it is
bbb@debt-masters.com
08/14/2000 01:58 PM
Please respond to bbb
?
,
Ben Bedell
ESBIN & BEDELL, LLP
495 South Main St.
New City, New York 10956
Phone: 845-634-7909 
Fax: 845-634-4160
?
The information contained in this electronic message is confidential and  
intended only for the use of the individual or entity named above. If the 
reader  of this message is not the intended recipient, or the employee or 
agent  responsible to deliver it to the intended recipient, you are hereby 
notified  that any dissemination, distribution, or copying of this 
communication is  strictly prohibited. If you have received this 
communication in error, please  immediately notify us by telephone at?845-
634-7909 or by e-mail at bbb@debt-masters.com.
The information contained in this electronic mail message is privileged and  
confidential and is or may be protected by the attorney- client privilege, 
the  work product doctrine, joint defense privileges, trade secret 
protections,  and/or other applicable protections from disclosure. The sender 
of this  electronic mail message intends to preserve the confidentiality of 
the enclosed  information and does not waive any applicable privilege or 
protection from  disclosure. Thank you.
?
?
- 224-86.Funding Memo.xls
Molly:  I'll send to you the latest draft.  Shane is looking to do a rate 
swap and that is fine without FX amendments!  But, shouldn't we verify 
whether our business will include FX (or did you already confirm)?  Thanks Sara
Molly Harris
08/14/2000 02:21 PM
Sara
Yes, Carol and I went through the amendments.  It was decided to remove the 
amendment pertaining to FX transactions and move forward with the threshold 
and guarantee changes.  Last I heard was the latest draft from Stephen 
Thank you
Molly
Molly:  I left you a voice mail this morning about Citibank.  The file 
reflects that you received correspondence from Citibank on 2/22/00 and Carol 
St. Clair had propsed revisions to the existing 1/9/96 ISDA Master Agreement 
(including changes to the CSA).  Have you agreed to those changes?  The 
Australia office is inquiring about the status of this Master Agreement Thanks.  Sara
Trena McFarland
08/10/2000 10:05 AM
Jon Barrett@MGLTD
10/08/2000 06:38
Justin
Our understanding is that FX traded from the US is effectively unregulated. 
If we use MG London Inc, there would be the possibility that the CFTC would 
have some type of oversight on the unregulated business. Only the posting of 
the IMM EFPs needs to be done through the FCM.
There are other practical issues here in that that MG London Inc currently 
lacks the infrastructure needed to do the outright FX business as it has no 
bank FX lines and no bank accounts for all the currencies. There are other 
issues where the main settlements/back office expertise is here in London. 
These are obviously not insurmountable but we need to do a lot of work to get 
either MG London Inc or, for example, MG Newco Inc ready for the business. Is 
Rgds
Jon
Justin Boyd@ECT
09/08/2000 18:54
Jon,
I had a glance over the written paper from Sullivan & Cromwell as to FX 
Transactions, and it seems to me that there would be fewer US regulatory 
issues (should there be any), if we were to use MG Brokers Inc, the FCM 
entity.  Are there any other reasons why we would not want to use this entity?
[Mark/Alan/Marcus - I have separately sent you by email the Sullivan Cromwell paper]
Thanks.
Justin
Jon Barrett@MGLTD
09/08/2000 16:37
Jon, 
My suggestion would be for the FX business be run out of a NON FCM firm in 
the states (NY) since it is a non-regulated product. 
If you have an questions please call me at x5845.
,
Alfred Pennisi
MG London Inc.
520 Madison Avenue
28th Floor
New York, NY 10022
Tel: 212.715.5845
E-mail: alfred.pennisi@mglondon.com 
Trena McFarland
08/10/2000 10:04 AM
file attached below
Jon Barrett@MGLTD
07/08/2000 11:46
We received the attached from Sullivan & Cromwell re the FX business and the 
possibilities of using a US companyn which company to use for contract 
purposes. At a meeting here at MG today, the consensus/preference was not to 
use a UK company as we have no full ISD (chapter 10) firm nor the wish to 
change MG's status.
Per the advice from S&C, we like the idea of using a US corporation with a UK 
"arranger" to cover any UK regulatory issues that arise. Dependent on where 
the business will end up (I understand to be discussed by Gary Hickerson/Mike 
Hutchinson 18th August), the following appears to be the among the logical 
solutions:
The current customer base consists of entities in the US, Canada, France, UK 
and Switzerland.
Please advise on any group/tax issues that can affect the final decision. If 
you need any further information, please let me know.
Many thanks.
GILBERGD@sullcrom.com on 06/08/2000 15:45:55
eSafe Protect Gateway (tm) has scanned this mail for viruses, vandals and
suspicious attachments and has found it to be CLEAN.
File: 62cy01!.DOC (38,400 bytes)
Result: Clean.
Attached is a draft of the memo we discussed on the proposed FX business. 
Please call or e-mail with any questions 
This e-mail is sent by a law firm and contains information
that may be privileged and confidential. If you are not the
intended recipient, please delete the e-mail and notify us
immediately.
- 62cy01!.DOC
Trena McFarland
08/10/2000 10:03 AM
Jon Barrett@MGLTD
03/08/2000 08:10
David
The US entity we're considering at the moment is an FCM, regulated by the 
CFTC and which is a member of NYMEX/COMEX. It currently clears the NY 
exchanges metals business for the group. It will probably be utilised to 
clear the NY exchange energy business following the Enron tie up. It may 
assist in clearing CSCE business but is unlikely at this stage to be looking 
to be a CSCE exchange member. 
It currently has capital of $2 million and subordinated debt of $20 million. 
Profits are generally paid out in the form of a dividend so although it may 
have a small amount of retained profit it won't be material. Currently it has 
about $10 million of regulatory capital requirements.
Depending on your advice, we may consider an un-regulated company with, at 
the moment, not very much capital. This latter point could be rectified, 
either with subordinated debt or capital injection. The EFP customer 
facilities (approximately 50% of the business) may prohibit this.
I hope this is enough info.
.
Jon
GILBERGD@sullcrom.com on 03/08/2000 03:57:28
Thanks.  I will prepare a memo.  One question on your e-mail -- can you give 
me a bit more information about the US entity that will be the FX dealer For example, is it currently regulated in any respect?  Is it, or will it be, 
engaged in any other businesses?  How large is it in terms of assets or net 
worth?  Thanks.  I'll get back to you soon.
David
Further to our recent telephone conversation, we would be grateful if you 
would
give us a brief written summary on the regulatory and/or legal issues 
governing
a US corporation transacting foreign exchange with US and non-US customers. My
basic understanding of our telephone conversation was that, as a non-bank,
neither the Fed, the SEC nor the CFTC have any jurisdiction. However the
Commodities Exchange Act prohibits us from contracting with certain types of
counterparties.
The potential business we are looking at currently covers outright foreign
exchange with counterparties such as banks, securities houses, funds, 
corporates
and, possibly, high net worth individuals. The business also covers the
provision of EFP facilities for these customers whereby they ultimately 
receive
a currency futures position on the IMM division of the CME or on FINEX. This
latter area is one where, from the Exchanges' points of view, we would
effectively be acting as an executing broker.
I hope this brief description is enough for you to be able to respond but if 
you
have any questions or would like further clarification, you can contact me by
e-mail or by telephone on +44 20 7265 5421.
Thank you for your help in this.
Kind 
Jon Barrett
The information contained in this e-mail message and any files transmitted 
with
it are confidential and may be legally privileged. It is intended only for the
addressee and others authorized to receive it. If you are not the intended
recipient or the person responsible for delivering the message to the intended
recipient you are advised that you have received the e-mail in error and that
any disclosure, copying, distribution or action taken in reliance on the
contents of the e-mail and it's attachments is strictly prohibited and may be
unlawful. Please advise the sender immediately if you are not the intended
recipient.
This e-mail is sent by a law firm and contains information
that may be privileged and confidential. If you are not the
intended recipient, please delete the e-mail and notify us
immediately.
Trena McFarland
08/10/2000 10:02 AM
Jon Barrett@MGLTD
01/08/2000 12:35
David
Further to our recent telephone conversation, we would be grateful if you 
would give us a brief written summary on the regulatory and/or legal issues 
governing a US corporation transacting foreign exchange with US and non-US 
customers. My basic understanding of our telephone conversation was that, as 
a non-bank, neither the Fed, the SEC nor the CFTC have any jurisdiction. 
However the Commodities Exchange Act prohibits us from contracting with 
certain types of counterparties.
The potential business we are looking at currently covers outright foreign 
exchange with counterparties such as banks, securities houses, funds, 
corporates and, possibly, high net worth individuals. The business also 
covers the provision of EFP facilities for these customers whereby they 
ultimately receive a currency futures position on the IMM division of the CME 
or on FINEX. This latter area is one where, from the Exchanges' points of 
view, we would effectively be acting as an executing broker.
I hope this brief description is enough for you to be able to respond but if 
you have any questions or would like further clarification, you can contact 
me by e-mail or by telephone on +44 20 7265 5421.
Thank you for your help in this.
Kind 
Jon Barrett
All:  I am trying to determine what issues are currently being addressed with 
respect to MG London, Inc. from a U.S. regulatory perspective and WHO is 
addressing them.  My concern arises from questions I am being asked by Gary 
Hickerson's group regarding FX trading AND (agricultural) trading where the 
existence of an Enron FCM or CTA could become significant.  I will try to 
have a short call arranged so that we can all understand the planned course 
of action, etc.  I realize that other individuals may be involved and we can 
include them as necessary.  Thanks.  Sara
When you have execution copies ready, have Kaye type on letter for me to 
sign.  Thanks.  SS
Tanya Rohauer
07/23/99 12:20 PM
looks good to me. I have no problem with you signing it.
Thanks!
Sara Shackleton
07/23/99 11:56 AM
Please review the attached letter and comment.  I'll be glad to sign or would 
you prefer?  Sara
David:  I'm  just reviewing your fax and although your recap of the floating 
rate calculation was correct on the phone, there is no language in the 
confirm.  Were you going to respond to this as well?  (interest rate to apply 
to reduced notional, etc.)
All:  (1)  Please provide the name of the Enron party to this agreement.  If 
it is the London credit group, we need to verify authority to execute.  I 
never heard back from Paul Simons.
(2)  What is the priority?  I think we are waiting to hear back from Mike 
because we have had a conversation with the BuySideDirect people and can give 
an additional explanation.
Sara
All:  Attached are the following docs:
(1)  Talon I LLC/Harrier I LLC equity swap confirm
(2)  Harrier I LLC/EBS Investments, L.L.C. equity swap confirm
(3)  revised ISDA Master Agreement Schedule for Harrier I LLC and EBS 
Investments, L.L.C.
Please review and provide me with your comments.  I do not have all necessary 
address and account information.
The swaps are subject to the  ISDA 1996 Equity Derivatives Definitions Section 7.4 (of those Definitions) contains the payment obligations and 
provides that the Equity Amount Payer pays a positive Equity Amount and "the 
other party" pays the absolute value of a negative Equity Amount.  Also, I 
believe that Accounting Issue 00-19 is inapplicable to this Total Return Swap 
or else we may have issues with the "Extraordinary Events" elections Sara
Kaye:  Please print out the 3 docs for me.  Thanks.  SS
Sara Shackleton
08/15/2000 08:59 AM
All:  Attached are the following docs:
(1)  Talon I LLC/Harrier I LLC equity swap confirm
(2)  Harrier I LLC/EBS Investments, L.L.C. equity swap confirm
(3)  revised ISDA Master Agreement Schedule for Harrier I LLC and EBS 
Investments, L.L.C.
Please review and provide me with your comments.  I do not have all necessary 
address and account information.
The swaps are subject to the  ISDA 1996 Equity Derivatives Definitions Section 7.4 (of those Definitions) contains the payment obligations and 
provides that the Equity Amount Payer pays a positive Equity Amount and "the 
other party" pays the absolute value of a negative Equity Amount.  Also, I 
believe that Accounting Issue 00-19 is inapplicable to this Total Return Swap 
or else we may have issues with the "Extraordinary Events" elections Sara
Alan Aronowitz
08/14/2000 07:00 PM
Sara:
I have just recently become involved on the metals side of things for the US 
, Canadian, and South American offices. I don't know the answer to your 
question.
If there is anything I can do to help you let me know. I will be in NYC later 
this week to meet the metals traders.
Alan
Sara Shackleton
08/14/2000 04:37 PM
All:  I am trying to determine what issues are currently being addressed with 
respect to MG London, Inc. from a U.S. regulatory perspective and WHO is 
addressing them.  My concern arises from questions I am being asked by Gary 
Hickerson's group regarding FX trading AND (agricultural) trading where the 
existence of an Enron FCM or CTA could become significant.  I will try to 
have a short call arranged so that we can all understand the planned course 
of action, etc.  I realize that other individuals may be involved and we can 
include them as necessary.  Thanks.  Sara
Brent is looking into this issue.
Tanya Rohauer
08/15/2000 07:20 AM
Any luck with outside counsel on the issue of holding cash in Canada Tanya:
Have you followed up on our solution of sending cash in respect of our
credit requirements? (We are actually thinking that you could withhold a
couple of monthly payments to IPP (currently $680,000/month) in respect of
JDI's requirement. We would provide a letter approving this.)
........Mark
what tab?
Taffy Milligan
08/14/2000 02:18 PM
Please review the attached and let me know if you have any revisions 
To access the August calendar click on the #3 tab at the bottom of screen, 
then click the next tab for each successive month.
Andrea V Reed
08/14/2000 03:32 PM
Julia - as promised
avr
Andrea V Reed
08/14/2000 09:45 AM
Mark:  I scheduled a meeting with you at 4:30 pm today to discuss the MG 
acquisition, in particular, MG London, Inc. (a U.S REGULATED NYMEX clearing 
member, FCM, CTA).  NO ONE is looking into this from a US regulatory/legal 
perspective and I think it should be the swap group.  Enron's "regulated" 
product areas are metals (since MG clears its own trades on the NYMEX/COMEX 
and has FCM/CTA status) and potentially agriculture if we (some Enron entity) 
choose to become a regulated "ATOM" (ag trade option merchant).  From a legal 
perspective, I think we should have a "whitepaper" drafted by Sullivan Cromwell, and, it should include an analysis of the MG London, Inc. existing 
situation.  This would tie into the ag regulation.  Also, have you thought 
about ENA and MG as NYMEX members and whether we keep both designations, 
whether we move all/part of ENA's existing clearing business to MG (and 
perhaps eliminate the need for margin/brokering arrangements such as Paribas, 
etc.) and any other related issues?  For efficiency purposes, Donna Lowry has 
asked to join us.  Donna and I had a conference call this morning with 
Justin, Paul, Jon Barrett, Sheila Glover and Trena McFarland to figure out 
who's on first (with MG).
Also, I am attaching an update of my workload.  I have reached the breaking 
point and I need more help (even with Jason's help on brokerage agreements 
the new electronic trading platform agreements are reaching multiple 
proportions with a new request for agreements for ENA, ECT Investments and 
EnronCredit.com London).  Gareth and Craig Clark want to meet today about the 
prepay (Delta/Citibank) and I REALLY need help on the Global Finance side.
See you later.  Sara
FYI
Mike Fowler@
08/15/2000 10:21 AM
I am requesting that online trading agreements be executed with the following 
bond trading platforms which we are evaluating:
Site   Initial Corporate Bond Categories *       Type  Site Status
Buy Side Direct   Convertibles (+ Equity Hedge)  ** Cross Matching  Aug 15th 
Launch
Trading Edge / Bond Link High Yield, Convertibles   Cross Matching  Live
LIMITrader   High Yield, Convertibles   Cross Matching  Live
Market Axess   Investment Grade   Multi-Dealer ***  August Launch
*   Additional corporate bond categories may be added in the future.  For 
example, Market Axess expects to add high yield and convertible bonds within 
3  to 6 months 
** John Greene is aware that convertible bond transactions through Buy Side 
Direct will involve offsetting equity hedges.
*** We have execution agreements in place with all current Market Axess 
dealers.
Potential benefits offered by online sites include trading flows and improved 
execution efficiency.  In addition, these sites provide opportunities for 
generating demand for EnronCredit.com credit derivatives, given that users of 
these sites are buyers or sellers of corporate credit risk.  The ability to 
trade will greatly enhance our evaluation of these sites 
As noted above, 3 of the 4 sites are cross-matching, where trading is 
completely anonymous and the site's sponsor or clearing firm are the nominal 
counterparty for all trades.   One of the 4 sites will be a multi-dealer 
system where counterparties transact directly with a particular dealer. 
Trades for all sites would be cleared through prime brokers with whom we have 
existing agreements.
As you suggested, we should ensure that agreements with online trading 
platforms allow for trading by ENA, ECT Investments and EnronCredit.com.   My 
understanding is that Sheila's group would coordinate the opening of any 
additional accounts required to facilitate trading by each entity.
I suggest that Madhur Dayal be designated initially at the person to receive 
notification of material changes to agreements.  We should retain the ability 
to change this contact person.
Thanks.
Mike
x39990
I'll review the guaranty after lunch.  Have we sent our comments back?  Lisa 
just did a 5-year deal with Xerox!!!!!!!!!  ss
The interest component was eliminated from the terms of this Transaction (as 
was the switch from a price return swap to a total return swap and the name 
change).  It seems that Ben and Scott S. had a subsequent conversation (after 
ours) and the agreed changes were communicated to me.  SS
Kevin Garland@MUNICATIONS
08/15/2000 01:20 PM
I did not see the interest calculation.
KG
Sara Shackleton@ECT
08/15/00 08:59 AM
All:  Attached are the following docs:
(1)  Talon I LLC/Harrier I LLC equity swap confirm
(2)  Harrier I LLC/EBS Investments, L.L.C. equity swap confirm
(3)  revised ISDA Master Agreement Schedule for Harrier I LLC and EBS 
Investments, L.L.C.
Please review and provide me with your comments.  I do not have all necessary 
address and account information.
The swaps are subject to the  ISDA 1996 Equity Derivatives Definitions Section 7.4 (of those Definitions) contains the payment obligations and 
provides that the Equity Amount Payer pays a positive Equity Amount and "the 
other party" pays the absolute value of a negative Equity Amount.  Also, I 
believe that Accounting Issue 00-19 is inapplicable to this Total Return Swap 
or else we may have issues with the "Extraordinary Events" elections Sara
I need someone assigned to assist in amending this agreement.  Most of the 
work is done.  Please let me know ASAP.
Jason:  Before we designate specific individuals, let's think this through A "generic" address may be more appropriate.  Which agreement did we recently 
sign with reference to the "Documentation Desk"?  Sara
Mike Fowler@
08/15/2000 11:54 AM
Jason, I suggest that Madhur Dayal be designated initially at the person to 
receive notification of material changes to agreements.  We should retain the 
ability to change this contact person.
Sara, as noted in my earlier email to you and Sheila Glover, we should ensure 
that agreements with online trading platforms allow for trading by ENA, ECT 
Investments and EnronCredit.com 
Thanks.
Mike
713-853-9990
Mike,
Who should notices be addressed to?
Jason
FYI
"JASON PETERS"  	08/15/2000 03:06 PM
We're not ready to execute.  We are responding to the latest round of 
comments.
Thanks,
Jason
Laine Borgman@
08/11/2000 01:47 PM
Mike and Sara,
There is generally "no give" on the Enron language regarding affiliates 
language which I have provided below 
"The following entities shall also be deemed to be included in the term 
Subscriber and shall have the right to use the Service:  Subscriber's 
wholly-owned subsidiaries and affiliated companies and those affiliated 
companies in which Subscriber or one of its subsidiaries or affiliated 
companies own an equity interest and which is under the direct or indirect 
control of Subscriber or one of its subsidiaries or affiliated companies Furthermore, Subscriber shall also be allowed to have any agent or third 
party service company or facility manager of Subscriber's IT functions to 
assist it to the degree necesssary so that the Subscriber can fully access 
and utilize the Service."
I will be happy to discuss any procedures we utilize and/or provisions in the 
document.   It is also my understanding that Mike is expecting more contracts 
of this nature so standardized and acceptable language will be to our 
advantage.  Sara, our legal counsel is Mark Holsworth and he is "charged with 
reviewing all the IP documents 
Let me hear from you soon.
Sam:  Please get on my calendar for Friday.  We need to update agreements, 
status, etc.  Also, we need to add a "Futures Agreement" designation to Lotus 
Notes.  Please bring your latest printouts for existing agreements and 
provide a copy for me.  Let's take about an hour.  Thanks.  Sara
ps  Also, if you have any questions about masters, etc., bring them along!
Mark Taylor
08/16/2000 10:01 AM
BDailey@milbank.com
08/16/2000 03:23 AM
Please find attached below the following documents, all in clean form and 
marked against the respective Delta II documents:
(1)? Enron/Delta Swap; 
(2)? Enron/Citi Swap; 
(3)? Enron/Delta Guaranty; and 
(4)? Enron/Citi Guaranty. 
These documents are based on the Delta II precedent but incorporate the 
structural changes of Delta III.? Please note that we are continuing to 
review these documents (in particular, the termination provisions of the 
Swaps) and, as such, they remain subject to the completion of our internal 
review 
Please do not hesitate to contact the undersigned with any questions or 
comments. 
Eric Moser 
(212) 530-5388 
(clean).doc>>   Guaranty (marked).doc   
- E-C Guaranty (clean).doc
- E-C Guaranty (marked).doc
- E-C Swap (clean).doc
- E-C Swap (marked).doc
- E-D Guaranty (clean).doc
- E-D Guaranty (marked).doc
- E-D Swap (clean).doc
- E-D Swap (marked).doc
pls print docs
Mark Taylor
08/16/2000 10:01 AM
BDailey@milbank.com
08/16/2000 03:23 AM
Please find attached below the following documents, all in clean form and 
marked against the respective Delta II documents:
(1)? Enron/Delta Swap; 
(2)? Enron/Citi Swap; 
(3)? Enron/Delta Guaranty; and 
(4)? Enron/Citi Guaranty. 
These documents are based on the Delta II precedent but incorporate the 
structural changes of Delta III.? Please note that we are continuing to 
review these documents (in particular, the termination provisions of the 
Swaps) and, as such, they remain subject to the completion of our internal 
review 
Please do not hesitate to contact the undersigned with any questions or 
comments. 
Eric Moser 
(212) 530-5388 
(clean).doc>>   Guaranty (marked).doc   
- E-C Guaranty (clean).doc
- E-C Guaranty (marked).doc
- E-C Swap (clean).doc
- E-C Swap (marked).doc
- E-D Guaranty (clean).doc
- E-D Guaranty (marked).doc
- E-D Swap (clean).doc
- E-D Swap (marked).doc
You already knew this was ok with me I hope.
Taffy Milligan
08/16/2000 09:45 AM
Please be advised that the Forms Meeting has to be re-scheduled.  It looks 
like Friday, 8/18, at 2:00 p.m. may work.  Please confirm at your earliest 
convenience that this is ok.
Taffy
P.S.  I will send out a confirmation with Room No. when I hear from 
everyone 
Susan Bailey
08/10/2000 09:28 AM
Good Morning Everyone,
The Swap Group will hold a Forms Meeting to discuss potential form changes to 
our financial trading forms on:
Date:  Thursday, August 17th
Time:  10:30 a.m.
Location: Conference Room   EB38C1
Susan S. Bailey
Shane:  Here's the scoop
(1)  ENA has an existing ISDA Master Agreement with Citibank N.A.. dated as 
of November 17, 1992.  The Master is not restricted to any particular type of 
transaction but it clearly anticipates commodity and rate swaps.  ENA is the 
Calculation Agent.  Also, only commodity transactions are netted.
(2)  Citibank proposed an amendment to this Master in February, 2000.  The 
amendment was primarily to amend the collateral annex to INCREASE the 
collateral threshold to USD 30 million for BBB (and above) rated entities It also states Citibank to be "multibranch" with NY and London offices acting 
under the Master.  Apparently, the proposed FX language to be added to the 
Master was dropped (I think in the interest of time).  Mollie Harris in 
credit is trying to have Citibank sign the amendment.
(3)  ABN Amro is in my office ready for signature.  I will have it executed 
and email you when done.  Samantha Boyd (Ext.39188) will help me with the 
followup.
Please let me know if you have any questions.
Shane Dallmann@_DEVELOPMENT
08/14/2000 10:15 PM
Sara,
Does this mean we have an ISDA and it is just being revised, so I can 
theoretically do a deal with them.
I also sent an email to Jason Peters ( don't know if he's still around) 
regarding the ABN Amro futures agreement. Do you know anything about this one?
,
Shane
FYI
I sent you the wrong file yesterday (IndexView.doc). Here is the right file Sorry
(See attached file: PublishedIndex.doc)
Julian Poole
23/07/99 00:16
Sara,
I think we must mention the following as the source of the index price for 
energy: "Documento de Transacciones Economicas" (DTE). This is an electronic 
document published by Cammesa, and is available to all participants of the 
Wholesale Electric Market in Argentina. It's a summary of all the economic 
transactions between the participants of the Wholesale Electric Market 
(Generators, Transmission Co, Distributors, Marketers and End Users).
This DTE is published around the 5th or 6th day of each month and reports all 
transactions for the previous month. It is accessed by calling into Cammesa's 
server and replicating the corresponding database.
The attached word file shows you different screens of this electronic 
document. The second zipped file is the DTE for June.
(See attached file: IndexView.doc)(See attached file: dte9906.zip)
Have a look at it and give me a call if you have any questions.
, Julian
- PublishedIndex.doc - IndexView.doc - dte9906.zip
Paul Simons
08/17/2000 07:33 AM
FYI, Sara
Lin - please put on SFA file - thanks
Jon Barrett@MGLTD
07/08/2000 11:34
GILBERGD@sullcrom.com on 06/08/2000 15:45:55
eSafe Protect Gateway (tm) has scanned this mail for viruses, vandals and
suspicious attachments and has found it to be CLEAN.
File: 62cy01!.DOC (38,400 bytes)
Result: Clean.
Attached is a draft of the memo we discussed on the proposed FX business. 
Please call or e-mail with any questions 
This e-mail is sent by a law firm and contains information
that may be privileged and confidential. If you are not the
intended recipient, please delete the e-mail and notify us
immediately.
- 62cy01!.DOC
Mark Taylor
08/16/2000 08:47 PM
MDunn1@milbank.com
08/15/2000 08:51 PM
??????? Please find attached, for your review, Amendments to each of the 
currently outstanding Delta Notes, together with forms of Consent to such 
Amendments. These Amendments are needed in order to ensure that the Delta III 
transaction does not violate the negative covenants of the oustanding Delta 
Notes. Note that I have also attached a blacklined document with respect to 
each Amendment (the current version blacklined against a composite document) 
in order to highlight the alterations made to the definitions in each of the 
Delta Notes.
??????? Please note that these documents remain subject to further internal 
review.? The Remainder of the Delta III documents will follow.
??????? Please direct questions or comments regarding the attached documents 
to Mike Dunn at (212) 530-5435 
<<Yosemite III - Delta - Citibank Consent to Amendment No. 1 to Delta Note 
2.DOC>>   <<Yosemite III - Delta - Citibank Consent to Amendment of Delta 
Note 1.DOC>>   <<Yosemite III - Amendment No. 1 to Delta Note dated 
2232000.DOC 
? <<Yosemite III - Amendment No. 2 to Delta Note dated November 18, 
1999.DOC>> ?????  << Yosemite III - (Blackline)Amendment No. 2 to Delta Note 
dated 11.18.1999.rtf>> ????????  <<Yosemite III - (Blackline) Amendment No. 1 
to Delta Note dated 2.23.2000.rtf 
- Yosemite III - Delta - Citibank Consent to Amendment No. 1 to Delta Note 
2.DOC
- Yosemite III - Delta - Citibank Consent to Amendment of Delta Note 1.DOC
- Yosemite III - Amendment No. 1 to Delta Note dated 2232000.DOC
- Yosemite III - Amendment No. 2 to Delta Note dated November 18, 1999.DOC
-  Yosemite III - (Blackline)Amendment No. 2 to Delta Note dated 
11.18.1999.rtf
- Yosemite III - (Blackline) Amendment No. 1 to Delta Note dated 
2.23.2000.rtf
Kaye:  Please schedule Sam for an hour on Friday.  Also, when avoidable, I'd 
prefer not to meet at 1 pm because people are always late.  Thanks.  sara
Sara Shackleton
08/16/2000 08:48 AM
Sam:  Please get on my calendar for Friday.  We need to update agreements, 
status, etc.  Also, we need to add a "Futures Agreement" designation to Lotus 
Notes.  Please bring your latest printouts for existing agreements and 
provide a copy for me.  Let's take about an hour.  Thanks.  Sara
ps  Also, if you have any questions about masters, etc., bring them along!
All:  I have once again revised the confirm for the EBS Raptor deal.  There 
will be only one swap transaction:  Harrier I LLC/Talon I LLC Please note the following changes:
(1)  the Initial Equity Notional Amount has been corrected
(2)  I have expanded the definition of Cash Dividends
(3)  I have ADDED a provison for "Payment Obligations" to avoid confusion for 
those of you unfamiliar with the 1996 Equity Definitions.  Since I have 
removed the interest payment feature, the only payments changing hands will 
be upside/dividends and downside.  The "Equity Amount Payer" pays the upside 
(difference between Initial Price (on the relevant Valuation Date) and Final 
Price) and dividends; the other party pays the downside.
(4)  I have retained the concept of multiple optional termination dates.
(5) Kevin:  I NEED the Harrier account/notice information.
This confirm should serve as a template for additional Raptor equity share 
swaps so please review and comment.  Thanks.  Sara
Darren:  Laurel mentioned that you were interested in existing/pending 
brokerage/futures agreements.  Attached are our most recent matrices by Enron 
company.  ALL of these agreements are negotiated by legal and must be 
executed by the business unit (VP or higher) and Ted Murphy.  Sheila Glover 
always sends a request and explanation for new account to legal, compliance 
and Ted Murphy.  Legal keeps a comprehensive listing by Enron company in an 
effort to avoid confusion.  Legal updates authorized trader lists and trading 
resolutions.  Let me know if you have any questions.  Sara
I am receiving calls from Gina Karathanos in Global Finance about this deal She's inquiring about preparation of certificates, authorizations and 
signers.  Susan, please coordinate with Mary on that end (I presume we follow 
the same format as Carol).  As far as I know, closing is scheduled for Aug. 
24.  Apparently, lots of ENE officers will be out of town next week.  Do we 
know who will sign for ENA?  Thanks.  SS
Will focus later today How are we handling ABN Amro?  I want to have executed.  Were you going to 
revise the notice page and add the location on the trading floor in the other 
agreement (?).  Please talk to Sam.  The docs are in my office.  I have 
meetings all afternoon.  Thanks.  Sara
"JASON PETERS"  	08/17/2000 09:53 AM
Sara,
Mike Fowler called and wanted to know where we were on the Subscriber 
Agreement.
Jason
Mark Smith@
08/17/2000 03:04 PM
Sara,
I received a confidentiality agreement from Wiser Oil that we need to sign 
in order to get a copy of their reserve report to use to establish a credit 
line for some financial hedges.  I have the fax from Wiser and Fred Lagrasta 
told me to get you to look at it and sign it, so we can get this process 
going.  Let me know what you think and I will send it up to you.  Thanks
Mark Smith
3-6601
Kaye:  re:  my vm about John Stoner in California, BEWARE as I may have this 
meeting (which is more important)!!!!!!!!!!!  Maybe Stoner can be at the end 
of the day here.
Craig Clark
08/17/2000 02:56 PM
Mary / Sara, 
We are trying to work in with your 11.30am - 2pm time slot. Gareth is talking 
with V&E to find how they are placed. 
We'll let you know.
Craig
Mark Taylor
08/17/2000 06:51 PM
BDailey@milbank.com
08/17/2000 05:35 PM
Further to our email of earlier this afternoon, please find attached below 
the initial draft of the Delta III Enron Indemnification Agreement, marked 
against the Delta II document which served as precedent.? We are in the 
process of drafting the related Security Agreement, which will be distributed 
in the near future.
Please do not hesitate to contact either of the undersigned with any 
questions or comments. 
Eric Moser 
(212) 530-5388 
Bruce Dailey 
(212) 530-5565 
- Indemnification Agmt.doc
We are still waiting to hear from you about the confirm.  Please call or 
e-mail.  SS
Is John also responsible for brokerage/futures?  Will he run through Ted Will we keep copies?
John Viverito@
08/18/2000 03:37 AM
Darren-
Currently, we have three ISDA Master Agreements under process.  Our potential 
counterparties are Mitsui Marine and Fire Insurance Co., The Industrial Bank 
of Japan and Sanwa Bank Ltd.  We have produced these documents based on the 
credit worksheets prepared in Houston and in conjunction with Baker McKenzie, Tokyo.  Mark Taylor is reviewing the drafts prior to presenting 
them to the potential counterparties.
I am not aware of any brokerage arrangements to which Enron Japan Corp. is a 
party.  I note that I have copied Jonathan Whitehead on this correspondence, 
as he may be able to provide insight regarding plans for entering into such 
arrangements.
,
John
Darren Delage@ECT
08/17/2000 12:40 PM
Thanks for your response John, I think it provides the clarification that we 
need to move forward.
I have one further question for you relating to current ISDA/exchange 
agreements that we have in place in Enron Japan.
Below are all exisiting ISDA and brokerage agreements that Financial trading 
currently has in place. Does Enron Japan have any ISDA/broker agreements in 
place that we can use for the purpose of executing financial trades (perhaps with some of the names on the attached list?)If so, do you know what 
sort of credit has been extended and/or whether there is netting versus other 
commodity books or dedicated activity credit?
If we do not have any agreements in place which would allow us to conduct 
trades, do you know who I should contact regarding necessary documentation?
Sincerely,
Darren
Darren:  Laurel mentioned that you were interested in existing/pending 
brokerage/futures agreements.  Attached are our most recent matrices by Enron 
company.  ALL of these agreements are negotiated by legal and must be 
executed by the business unit (VP or higher) and Ted Murphy.  Sheila Glover 
always sends a request and explanation for new account to legal, compliance 
and Ted Murphy.  Legal keeps a comprehensive listing by Enron company in an 
effort to avoid confusion.  Legal updates authorized trader lists and trading 
resolutions.  Let me know if you have any questions.  Sara
"ShareBuilder"  	08/18/2000 12:45 AM
Hurry - This offer expires soon - Get $25 when you fund your ShareBuilder 
account!
Dear Sara,
We noticed you still have an approved, but unfunded ShareBuilder account at 
With this limited time offer, as soon as you fund your inactive account and 
your first ShareBuilder transaction has gone through, we will automatically 
credit your account with an additional $25! That's twenty-five dollars that 
you can apply to any security you like. Now you can get started on your 
long-term investment plan with ShareBuilder and an additional $25 - just go 
to   and click on the "Invest Now" tab.
Unlike traditional online investment services, ShareBuilder gives you a 
unique and powerful way to invest in the stock market for the long-term.
* 3,000+ of the largest market-cap companies on the NYSE and Nasdaq, and 50+ 
index products (like SPY and QQQ)
* $2 recurring transactions, and only $1 for custodial accounts
* Real-time trades for only $19.95
* No account or investment minimums
It doesn't get much better than this! Just go to to get $25 when you fund your ShareBuilder account.
If you have any questions on how to setup or fund your ShareBuilder account, 
please feel free to contact our customer care department at 
between the hours of 6 AM and 6 PM Pacific Time Monday through Friday.
Sincerely,
Brian Ratzliff, V.P. Marketing
A credit of $25 will post to your account within approximately four weeks 
after your first transaction has occurred. Account holder must fund their 
account and purchase at least one security. Offer limited to one per email 
recipient only. Netstock reserves the right to terminate this offer at any 
time. Not valid with any other offer. Offer expires 9/11/00.
ShareBuilder(tm) is offered through Netstock Investment Corporation, a 
registered broker-dealer and a member of the NASD and SIPC.
You are receiving this e-mail because you have a ShareBuilder account setup 
with us. You may unsubscribe, update or change your e-mail preferences, by 
visiting the "Account" section of the ShareBuilder site.
This email was sent to:  sshackl@
Sami:  Congratulations!!!!!!!!   She's adorable.  Sara
Sami Arap@
08/17/2000 03:08 PM
From "daddy" with love.  "Manu" arrived on July 27 at 22:26pm.
Further to Mary's memo of 8/18/00, I would like to add the following comments:
(1)  I initially drafted the share swap confirm as a PRICE RETURN swap Scott then requested a TOTAL RETURN swap (ie, dividends included).  I met 
with accounting this morning and (Ryan believes that) the swap is price 
return only:  the asset holder is only swapping price exposure and the 
business unit should recognize the immediate dividend benefit to its asset.
PLEASE VERIFY WHETHER THE SHARE SWAPS ARE PRICE RETURN OR TOTAL RETURN
(2)  With respect to the right of "multiple optional partial swap 
terminations", please verify that:
(a)  the business unit has the right to request that Harrier partially 
terminate the swap prior to the scheduled termination, any number of times, 
without restriction as to frequency, minimum or maximum number of shares, or 
any other limitation, irrespective of whether the asset owner actually sells 
the underlying shares.  How is this right of termination (and the multiple 
requests) to be documented?
(b)  the "Initial Price" of the shares on the Effective Date of the swap 
WILL ALWAYS BE USED to calculate the gain or loss (vs. using the share price 
on the date of each partial termination)
Sara:  I  heard rumors today about the move next week so I called Joya.  We 
need to pack up your office by 5 pm next Thurs. (8/24).
I'll order the boxes.
Kaye
Mark:  (1)  Did you consider my voice mail about updating authorized trader 
lists and resolutions (by Samantha or Tana)?
(2)  Have you thought about electronic notice provisions?  Shouldn't 
default/termination notices be in writing to the appropriate counsel/Corp. 
secretary?  And, can we agree to "electronic notices" at all?  There is no 
electronic address for a Documentation Desk or Assistant General Counsel.  I 
am seeing this type of provision in electronic trading agreements.
Thanks.  Sara
Tana:  Have you responded to either Greg or Molly?  Please call.  Sara
Molly Harris
08/18/2000 02:12 PM
I understand Greg Penman has inquired for the same.  I would be happy to 
coordinate amongst us and informed Greg accordingly.
Thank you
Molly
Molly Harris
08/18/2000 01:58 PM
Tana
Thanks
Molly
a.huprikar@pecorp.com on 08/17/2000 03:48:36 PM
Molly,
Could you send me an electronic version of the ISDA that was signed between
ENA and PEC. I understand from our attorney that we did not work with an
electronic version, only a hard copy. In order to create an ISDA template
for MEH, I need the electronic version.
Thanks
Aparna
Mark:  Do you want to speak with the Bank of Montreal about an ISDA with 
Japan?  Darren has been sending calls to me re:  ISDA's and brokerage 
agreements for our Japanese affiliate.  Sara
Sara Shackleton
08/18/2000 08:17 AM
Is John also responsible for brokerage/futures?  Will he run through Ted Will we keep copies?
John Viverito@
08/18/2000 03:37 AM
Darren-
Currently, we have three ISDA Master Agreements under process.  Our potential 
counterparties are Mitsui Marine and Fire Insurance Co., The Industrial Bank 
of Japan and Sanwa Bank Ltd.  We have produced these documents based on the 
credit worksheets prepared in Houston and in conjunction with Baker McKenzie, Tokyo.  Mark Taylor is reviewing the drafts prior to presenting 
them to the potential counterparties.
I am not aware of any brokerage arrangements to which Enron Japan Corp. is a 
party.  I note that I have copied Jonathan Whitehead on this correspondence, 
as he may be able to provide insight regarding plans for entering into such 
arrangements.
,
John
Darren Delage@ECT
08/17/2000 12:40 PM
Thanks for your response John, I think it provides the clarification that we 
need to move forward.
I have one further question for you relating to current ISDA/exchange 
agreements that we have in place in Enron Japan.
Below are all exisiting ISDA and brokerage agreements that Financial trading 
currently has in place. Does Enron Japan have any ISDA/broker agreements in 
place that we can use for the purpose of executing financial trades (perhaps with some of the names on the attached list?)If so, do you know what 
sort of credit has been extended and/or whether there is netting versus other 
commodity books or dedicated activity credit?
If we do not have any agreements in place which would allow us to conduct 
trades, do you know who I should contact regarding necessary documentation?
Sincerely,
Darren
Darren:  Laurel mentioned that you were interested in existing/pending 
brokerage/futures agreements.  Attached are our most recent matrices by Enron 
company.  ALL of these agreements are negotiated by legal and must be 
executed by the business unit (VP or higher) and Ted Murphy.  Sheila Glover 
always sends a request and explanation for new account to legal, compliance 
and Ted Murphy.  Legal keeps a comprehensive listing by Enron company in an 
effort to avoid confusion.  Legal updates authorized trader lists and trading 
resolutions.  Let me know if you have any questions.  Sara
Re:  Bank of Montreal and ENA, have we terminated the CES agreement (and has 
credit agreed)?  I don't know how Susan F. "inactivated" the CES ISDA with 
BOM,  We are in the process of negotiating with BOM in connection with our 
Japanese affiliate.  Sara
How are we handling the "dual agreement" situation?  Have we spoken with 
credit?
Stephanie Panus@
08/21/2000 09:09 AM
There is an executed Assignment Agreement transfering CES's transactions with 
Bank of Montreal to ENA.  The CES Master Agreement was not terminated, but is 
inactive.
Re:  Bank of Montreal and ENA, have we terminated the CES agreement (and has 
credit agreed)?  I don't know how Susan F. "inactivated" the CES ISDA with 
BOM,  We are in the process of negotiating with BOM in connection with our 
Japanese affiliate.  Sara
There is no message here.  Sara
Carlos Gustavo Azevedo@_DEVELOPMENT
07/23/99 11:07 AM
Mark Taylor
08/21/2000 10:12 AM
MDunn1@milbank.com
08/21/2000 10:17 AM
??????? Please find attached, subject to further internal review, the Delta 
III closing list. 
Michael B. Dunn, Esq. 
Milbank, Tweed, Hadley & McCloy LLP
1 Chase Manhattan Plaza
New York, NY? 10005
Telephone: (212) 530-5435
Facsimile: (212) 530-5014
E-Mail: mdunn1@milbank.com
- Delta III - Closing List.doc
I returned your call about 10 minutes ago.  Sara
Mike Fowler@
08/21/2000 09:46 AM
Related to the Buy Side Direct agreement, are there any issues for which 
you're waiting for feedback from me ?   When are we expecting to provide our 
comments to their attorney ?
Thanks.
Mike
x39990
Mike:  We have sent our comments.  We do not need anything from you yet Thanks.  Sara
Mike Fowler@
08/21/2000 09:46 AM
Related to the Buy Side Direct agreement, are there any issues for which 
you're waiting for feedback from me ?   When are we expecting to provide our 
comments to their attorney ?
Thanks.
Mike
x39990
Tana:  I don't know who Brad Diebner is.  However, Greg called me.  What Greg 
really needs is the ENA "form" of ISDA Schedule (with the utility election He will also need a "generic" Paragraph 13.  The boilerplate can be mailed Before you send, I need to chat with Mark and I'll let you know more later 
today.  Thanks.  Sara
Tana Jones
08/21/2000 09:14 AM
I left a message for both Molly and Brad Diebner and neither has returned my 
calls.
Sara Shackleton
08/21/2000 08:24 AM
Tana:  Have you responded to either Greg or Molly?  Please call.  Sara
Molly Harris
08/18/2000 02:12 PM
I understand Greg Penman has inquired for the same.  I would be happy to 
coordinate amongst us and informed Greg accordingly.
Thank you
Molly
Molly Harris
08/18/2000 01:58 PM
Tana
Thanks
Molly
a.huprikar@pecorp.com on 08/17/2000 03:48:36 PM
Molly,
Could you send me an electronic version of the ISDA that was signed between
ENA and PEC. I understand from our attorney that we did not work with an
electronic version, only a hard copy. In order to create an ISDA template
for MEH, I need the electronic version.
Thanks
Aparna
Jason:  I left a vm for Clement.  Keep your fingers crossed.  SS
Here they are.
Clement Abrams@
08/21/2000 02:21 PM
Sara,
The attachment below contains my comments.  There are not many.
Clement
All:  Please review for content.  This deal has been recast as a "Price 
Return Swap" and I hope it is self-explanatory (i.e., you won't have to drag 
out the 1996 Equity Definitions).  I will forward a draft letter shortly 
FYI
Patrick Conner
08/10/2000 01:06 PM
This should give you the information that you were looking for.
PC
The following power point presentation graphically sets forth the steps 
necessary to integrate MG plc into Enron NetWorks L.P.  This presentation 
differs from that sent to several of you last week in that there are now 
dotted lines in red around those pieces of MG that are affected at each stage 
of the reorganization and solid red lines around the same pieces reflecting 
where they wind up at each such stage - hopefully a more friendly on the eyes 
presentation.  Please do not hesitate to call regarding any piece of the 
presentation.  My best to all.  Steve.
The swap group has a meeting every other Tuesday, including Aug. 22.  Either 
Mary or I will try to attend.
Carolyn George@
08/21/2000 03:03 PM
Please note that a meeting in reference to Raptor will be held Tuesday, 
August 22, 2000 at 2:00 p.m.  The meeting will be held in EB2990.
Attendees: Mary Cook
Steve Douglas
Gordan McKillop
Julia Murray
Andrea Reed
Scott Sefton
Sara Shackleton
AnnMarie Tiller
Stuart Zisman
If you are unable to attend, please let me know.
Thank you,
Carolyn George
Sr. Administrative Assistant
All:  During the fourth quarter, 2000, MLB intends to transfer all FX 
business to MLIB Ltd.  ENA and Enron Corp. have been asked to agree to this 
transfer with the result that any executed master agreement with MLB will be 
transferred to MLIB Ltd as principal.  ENA has an ISDA Master Agreement dated 
effective 7/1/95; I cannot locate a master between Enron Corp. and MLB.
Will someone in credit approve this transfer?  Please let Stephanie Panus 
(X53249), our newest paralegal, know.  Thanks.  Sara
I have an allergist appointment at 8 am on Monday.  I should be in by 9 or 
shortly thereafter.  SS
for "Cash Settlement Amount":
If for any Determination Period, the Floating Price is less than or equal to 
the Strike Price, an amount equal to the product of (i) the Notional Quantity 
per Determination Period multiplied by (ii) the excess of the Strike Price 
over the Floating Price, which amount shall be due and payable by the Seller 
on the applicable Payment Date for such Determination Period.
P.S.  Melissa:  In the future, send me the deal ticket for review.
I just received this from Stoner.  Tanya:  I haven't reviewed this agreement, 
but my guess is that it may change some of the additional definitions 
contained in our March draft.  Sara
"Stoner, John E."  	Sent by: "Reynolds, Carmen A."  	08/22/2000 11:16 AM
Dear Phillip and John
As requested by Don, I attach a copy of the executed draft of the Standby
Loan Agreement with Wells Fargo.
Ben Emblin
Senior Associate
Allen Allen & Hemsley
Tel:  (+612) 9230 4092
Fax: (+612) 9230 5333
Email : Ben.Emblin@allens.com.au
www.allens.com.au
This email (including all attachments) is intended
solely for the named addressee. It is confidential and
may contain legally privileged information.
If you receive it in error, please let us know by reply
email, delete it from your system and destroy any copies.
should be reproduced, adapted or transmitted without the
Emails may be interfered with, may contain computer viruses
or other defects and may not be successfully replicated on
other systems. We give no warranties in relation to these
matters. If you have any doubts about the authenticity of
an email purportedly sent by us, please contact us immediately.
- LoanAg.doc
Please remember that MELISSA MURPHY (X31886) handles ALL financial power 
confirmations.  Any financial power confirm questions should be directed to 
Melissa.  Joe Hunter's group does NOT prepare financial power confirms except 
in extrememly limited cases (i.e., NYMEX based trades).  If you have any 
questions, please call.  Thanks.  Sara
Brent:  Just a reminder, we track all trading agreements in our Lotus Notes 
database (you can enter negotiating issues, etc.).  Samantha oversees this 
part of the database, updates Ted Murphy and has the agreements executed and 
filed.  All trading agreements are signed by Ted and the business unit VP Please keep Samanthat in the loop.  Thanks.  Sara
Why don't we talk about this.  I have initiated Samantha as the trading 
agreement guru.  That's why she needs to be in the loop on all of these 
agreements (amendments included).  Let's distinguish margin lines from 
trading agreements (although the margin line concept obviously includes a 
futures or other arrangement)  I maintain a list ("in the pipeline") which I 
circulate to the Hickerson desk since that desk opens the greatest number of 
trading agreements.  Sara
Mary Cook
08/22/2000 01:21 PM
Please review this email from David Dupre on confirm desk.  He has been 
inquiring of me re credit lines the last few weeks.  The margin cash issues 
seem to be getting a bit of attention lately.  However, these are new 
brokerage agreements or amendments or amplifications of established accounts 
to trade other commodities.  I have the paperwork Refco sent.  Maybe we 
should sent down and visit re all of the brokerage matters.  Should I handle 
these, or stick with the ones related to margin lines.  Should we send this 
kind of stuff to Jason?  Please advise.  Mary
David P Dupre
08/22/2000 12:58 PM
Hi,
1. Refco
Refco's paperwork will be submitted to you today to review. It is my 
understanding
that the following rates have been negotiated (on a round-turn basis):
$2.50 Brokerage
$0.55 Exchange
$1.20 Clearing
$4.25
Our contact there is Steffen van Keppel at 713-266-0050
2. Cargill
Our traders want to renew crude oil trading with Cargill at a lower rate. 
Which legal documents do we need to sign to ensure that this lower
commission rate is established and honored?
3. GNI-Next advisors
We are talking to Stephen Purdy upon the request of Spencer Vosko. We have 
been advised that the rate will be $5.25 on a roundturn basis.
This broker will be forwarded their paperwork to the trader, and, I'll ensure 
that you receive it.
Please keep me updated on any other new brokers which we may be negotiating 
with for new agreements and/or existing brokerage agreements
which may be establishing a line of credit.
Many thanks,
David
3-3528
I'm glad you're checking up.  The copy of the confirm that I have HAS NO 
COMMENTS.  I have no name either.  What are the issues?  Sara
Jennifer Shipos
08/22/2000 01:12 PM
Sara,
Harry Collins said he forward to you the comments that Marathon-Ashland had 
about Enron's GTC.  Have you had a chance to look at it?  What do I need to 
tell these guys?
Thanks,
Jennifer Shipos
Susan:  Would you please send a copy of the referenced agreement to Ellen Su 
(30th floor - Gary's group).  Thanks.  Sara
Carson:
What a miserable "friend" I am!  I would love to meet you and Donna anytime 
at all.  Please let me know.  I have been running around like crazy.  We are 
understaffed and I work too hard.  Also, I had to take a week off in mid-July 
to rescue my mom who ended up in a hospital in Salisbury, England while 
attempting to attend the funeral of a cousin.  Mother is fine.  I (on the 
other hand) do not take a vacation until October and I hope to live.  Maybe 
you and Donna want to come over one night and raid my wine cellar.  That 
would be fun for a change.  We could pick up food from Eatzi's or wherever Can't wait to hear from you.  Sara
"R. Carson Llewellyn"  	08/22/2000 03:12 PM
Sara:
I had a very delightful lunch today with a dear friend of yours, Donna
Mullen of Dominion. Paul Dunning introduced me to her at the AAPL in New
Orleans, and she was nice enough to attend a dinner I hosted at Antoines
during the convention. We want to have lunch with you. Are you free for
lunch at all next week. We will come downtown to meet you. Sorry I
missed you last week during my break from the South Texas Mineral Law
CLE seminar. Mary Ogden, a good friend, showed me your office and
introduced me to some of your co-workers. Everyone says you are the
best. It is nice to be able to say that I am a friend of Sara's from New
Orleans and watch everyone's face light up. You and Julia have a great
group of co-workers there.
I hope you and the hounds are well.
Carson
Please call - X35620
Jennifer Shipos
08/22/2000 01:48 PM
Here is the long history.  Marathon-Ashland's comments are at the end of this.
Thanks,
Jennifer
FYI
I have forwarded your message to Sara Shakleton for further handling , as her 
group is the appropriate one for these matters.
Jennifer Shipos
08/17/2000 11:08 AM
Harry,
I had Souad fax you the GTC agreement that we sent to Marathon-Ashland Also, the following are the comments that they had about the agreement.
Please let me know what other steps I need to take in resolving this issue.
Thanks for your assistance.
Jennifer Shipos
X 3-5538
Jennifer below are MAP's legal department's comments on the Enron OTC 
agreement from July 14..
1. On the address at the top of page 1 the address for MAP should be 
correctly identified.  I don't believe "Document Department" is correct. 
CHANGE TO ATTENTION DALE BARWIG
2. Under the provision titled "Floating Amount Details", "Floating Price" 
at line 3, change the word "entitled" to "titled".
3. Under Governing Law change "Texas" to "New York".
On the last page, information should be inserted for notices for MAP and 
another provision for communications.  Under "Communications" insert "Prior 
to the close of business on the next business day following the trade date, 
ENA will prepare and forward this contract electronically (faxed or attached 
to an email in a mutually acceptable format) to MAP's trader with a copy to 
the supervisor of Feedstock Acquisition and Derivative Accounting as listed 
below under Contractual Invoices".
Then for "Contractual Invoices":
Marathon Ashland Petroleum LLC (MAP)
Name: Fred L. Bennett
Title: Supervisor, Feedstock Acquisition and Derivative Accounting
Address: Room 444-M, 539 South Main Street, Findlay, Ohio 45840
Tel No: (419) 421-4200
Fax No: (419) 421-5040
Email: FLBennett@MAPLLC.com"
4. Under Annex A General Terms and Conditions under the provision titled 
"Market Disruption Event", line 3, change "ENA" to "both parties".
Here starts my comments on the contract language.
5.  As we talked about I am confused that which crack sale has occurred.  The 
fixed price referencing the attachment should indicate USGC 74 Grade (Pipe) 
Heating Oil.  I am unclear where in the document we mention Low Sulfur.
Floating Price: The average of USGC platts oilgram midpoint for USGC Pipeline 
No. 2 74 Grade OIl, multiplied by 42, less the First Nearby NYMEX WTI Crude 
Oil futrures settlement prices
Where is the settlement paragraph?  Something like:
If the Fixed Amount exceeds the Floating Amount for such calculation period, 
the fixed price payor shall pay the floating price payor an amount equal to 
such excess.  If the floating amount exceeds the fixed amount for such 
calculation period, the floating price payor shall pay the fixed price payor 
an amount equal to such excess.
Thanks for you help.
Mark Taylor
08/21/2000 10:12 AM
MDunn1@milbank.com
08/21/2000 10:17 AM
??????? Please find attached, subject to further internal review, the Delta 
III closing list. 
Michael B. Dunn, Esq. 
Milbank, Tweed, Hadley & McCloy LLP
1 Chase Manhattan Plaza
New York, NY? 10005
Telephone: (212) 530-5435
Facsimile: (212) 530-5014
E-Mail: mdunn1@milbank.com
- Delta III - Closing List.doc
FYI - please put entry in Lotus Notes.  ss
We have decided NOT to proceed with the swap agreement.  Enron and Shell will
each write a guaranty in favor of TBS for their pro rata share of the negative
difference between the gas price received and gas price paid resulting from 
the
differential in the gas price escalators.  Any positive difference in TBS's
favor will run through the TBS accounts to the TBS distribution account and,
subject to the blocking test in the Accts and Disbursement Agmt, will then be
distributed to E & S.
Dean & John: Can you propose a draft guaranty for internal review?  Once we're
happy with it we can send it to Shell for their consideration/sign-off Thanks.
,
John
I am sending this e-mail message to address several issues related to the
swap and to circulate a proposed confirmation for your consideration.
Before addressing the swap, however, I should note that it is not clear to
me that the project team has finally decided to proceed with a swap rather
than a guaranty.  If we are not, I would appreciate someone letting me know
so that we can stop this process.
Comments on the Draft Schedule:
1.  Part 1(a) "Specified Entity":  A Specified Entity is an entity
other than the parties whose actions can cause an event of default or a
termination event.  The draft schedule does not contemplate a Specified
Entity.  I think we should consider whether EPE and/or SCG should be a
Specified Entity with respect to TBS.
2.  Part 1(b) "Threshold Amount": proposes $1,000,000 for TBS, which
seems low given that Enron Corp. is backing it up.
3.  Part 1(h) "Additional Event of Default":  If we use a swap
arrangement, there will be two: one for 72.5% between TBS and ECT, and one
for 27.5% between TBS and a Shell entity.  If that is the case, do we want
an additional event of default under which a sale by Shell of its interest
in TBS could result in termination?
4.  Part 2  "Representations":  I think that we need someone in tax
to determine whether TBS can make the representations.
5.  Part 4(d) & (e) "Credit Support Provider": Shell will be the
credit support provider under the other swap arrangement, not this one.
6.  Part 4(g) "Governing Law", 4(h) "Arbitration": The schedule
proposes Texas law with AAA arbitration to be held in Texas.  It would seem
to me that we would want to use arbitration procedures that are similar to
those in the gas supply agreements, with ICC arbitration, held in Miami,
under New York, with joint arbitration if the same issue arises under one of
the gas supply arrangements (such as the proper calculation of price).
Comment on the Proposed Confirmation:
I have reproduced the gas supply pricing provisions from the EPE Gas
Supply Agreement under the "Fixed Amount Details" but have not done so under
the "Floating Amount Details", which cross-references the provisions of the
SCG Gas Supply Agreement, because of the length of those provisions.
Please let me know if you have any reactions to the above comments
or any comments on the attached confirmation.  I will contact Nasim to
discuss the process for pushing the swaps (or, alternatively, guaranties) to
completion.
, Dean
- SWAPCON1.doc
Mark Taylor
08/23/2000 09:41 AM
RCosentino@milbank.com
08/23/2000 02:33 AM
Please respond to RRichards
Attached below please find the following blacklined documents: 
(1)? Enron/Delta Swap (marked against the prior draft distributed (2)? Enron/Citibank Swap (marked against the prior draft distributed (3)? Enron/Delta Guaranty (marked against the prior draft distributed 
Enron/Citibank Guaranty (marked against the prior draft distributed);
Enron/Delta Fiscal Agency Agreement (marked against Delta II);
Enron/Citibank Fiscal Agency Agreement (marked against Delta II); and 
Indemnification Agreement (marked against the prior draft distributed).
Please note that the attached have not been reviewed by Citibank and 
therefore remain subject to their comments as well as the continuing internal 
review by Milbank, Tweed 
Please do not hesitate to contact the undersigned with any questions or 
comments. 
??????? Eric Moser 
??????? (212) 530-5388 
Ray Richards 
(212) 530-5575 
- EnronDeltaSwap.doc
- EnronCitibankSwap.doc
- EnronDeltaGuaranty.doc
- EnronCitibankGuaranty.doc
- EnronDeltaFiscalAgencyAgmt.doc
- EnronCitibankFiscalAgencyAgmt.doc
- IndemnificationAgmt.doc
Latest draft.
Sara Shackleton
08/21/2000 02:27 PM
All:  Please review for content.  This deal has been recast as a "Price 
Return Swap" and I hope it is self-explanatory (i.e., you won't have to drag 
out the 1996 Equity Definitions).  I will forward a draft letter shortly 
The business guys are:  Kevin Cordesman and Andrew Conner
If you email John Stoner, please cc these guys (and me).  Thanks.
Kay:  I left you a voice mail yesterday at Sheila's suggestion regarding 
Midwest.  Greg and I discussed the use of ENA's format of ISDA documentation 
by Midwest and I have a couple of questions about how our docs will be used, 
whether Midwest will be competing with us and who will be negotiating hedge 
agreements on behalf of Midwest (i.e., will ENA swap lawyers be involved Please call me so that I can comply with Greg's request..
Thanks.  Sara
Greg:  I will have the boilerplate sent to you separately.
Stephanie:  Please send the boilerplate ISDA Master Agreement and Credit 
Support Annex to Gregg Penman in our Chicago office.  Thanks.  Sara
Mark Taylor
08/23/2000 03:31 PM
MDunn1@milbank.com
08/23/2000 12:42 PM
??????? Please find attached a marked copy of the Enron/Citibank Fiscal 
AgencyAgreement.? Please ignore the marked copy of the Fiscal Agency 
Agreement that was part of the last distribution as it was a reversed 
blackline of the document.? We apologize for any inconenience this may have 
caused.
Michael B. Dunn, Esq. 
Milbank, Tweed, Hadley & McCloy LLP
1 Chase Manhattan Plaza
New York, NY? 10005
Telephone: (212) 530-5435
Facsimile: (212) 530-5014
E-Mail: mdunn1@milbank.com
- Enron-Citi FAA - Compare.rtf
All:  Before Rod became a Brit, we were working with Enron Corp. treasury to 
put in place some masters in the name of ENA for the following parties:
Bear, Stearns Internaitonal Limited
Credit Agricole Indosuez
CSFB International
Lehman Brother Finance S.A.
Morgan Stanley Capital Services Inc.
Deutsche Bank
These masters will be used to for equity deals on ENE stock.  The Treasury 
group has concluded together with Rex Rogers and V&E, that Enron Corp. is the 
appropriate swap counterparty for these masters and NOT ENA.
Who in credit will be available to assist me in this process?  Thanks.  Sara
Call me when you have a chance
Carol St Clair
08/24/2000 08:14 AM
Carol St. Clair
EB 3892
713-853-3989 (Phone)
713-646-3393 (Fax)
carol.st.clair@
"CHRIS KRECEK"  	08/23/00 02:47 PM
In connection with the Hawaii 125-0 McGarret C transaction scheduled to close 
August 31, 2000, attached in WordPerfect format are the following closing 
documents marked against the McGarret B Series:
Closing Checklist (254308);
Asset Notice (254309);
Series Certificate of Beneficial Ownership (254316);
Series Supplement (254319);
Drawdown Request (254322);
Total Return Swap Confirmation (254324);
Put Option Agreement (254334);
Put Option Assignment (254341);
Notice of Put Option Assignment (254345);
Promissory Note (Big Island III) (254347);
B Interest Assignment Agreement (254349);
Warrant Assignment (254351);
Amended and Restated LLC Agreement (McGarret III) (254352);
Amended and Restated LLC Agreement (Big Island) (254356);
Receipt of Asset LLC (254362);
Receipt of Transferor (254365);
Receipt of Trust (254366);
Independent Auctioneer Letter Agreement (254369);
Sale and Auction Agreement (254372);
Direction Letter (254376); and
General Opinion of A&K (254385).
If you have any questions or comments, please call Muriel McFarling at (214) 
659-4461.  Thank you.
Chris Krecek, Secretary/Legal Assistant
Andrews & Kurth L.L.P.
1717 Main Street, Suite 3700
Dallas, Texas 75201
Phone: (214) 659-4481
Fax: (214) 659-4401
Email: ckrecek@andrews-kurth.com
- 254385.wpd
- 254309.wpd
- 254316.wpd
- 254319.wpd
- 254322.wpd
- 254324.wpd
- 254334.wpd
- 254341.wpd
- 254345.wpd
- 254347.wpd
- 254349.wpd
- 254351.wpd
- 254352.wpd
- 254362.wpd
- 254365.wpd
- 254366.wpd
- 254369.wpd
- 254372.wpd
- 254376.wpd
- 254308.wpd
Is Mark sending you these or are you on a direct mail?
Mark Taylor
08/24/2000 11:09 AM
MDunn1@milbank.com
08/23/2000 11:52 PM
??????? Please find attached, subject to Citibank review and further internal 
review, revised drafts of Enron/Delta and Enron/Citi Swap Confirmations? 
marked against the most recent drafts.
Michael B. Dunn, Esq. 
Milbank, Tweed, Hadley & McCloy LLP
1 Chase Manhattan Plaza
New York, NY? 10005
Telephone: (212) 530-5435
Facsimile: (212) 530-5014
E-Mail: mdunn1@milbank.com
- E-C Swap - Compare.rtf
- E-D Swap - Compare.rtf
Kristina:  As you may have heard, some Raptor issues have been raised to a 
new level.  I have waited to further revise the confirm pending the V&E 
response; Also V&E suggested edits on the confirm format for all Raptor 
deals.  As you will see from Scott's memo, the unilateral right of 
termination is a potential issue.  Sara 
Scott Sefton
08/25/2000 09:55 AM
Scott Sefton
08/22/2000 03:49 PM
Please see the attached memo.
SAS is thinking about you (even if you are not in your office).  What's going 
on?  Just tried to call but the line was busy.  Remember when we put on 
plays?  Did I always interview you (as mother)?  You had a great wig Remember the lyrics to "The Egg"?  Wanna do another play?  SAS
FYI - and I'm next door to Dan Lyons.
Mark Taylor
08/25/2000 11:48 AM
RRichards@milbank.com
08/25/2000 10:40 AM
Cc:???? Richards, Raymond 
Attached below please find the following documents marked to show changes 
from the last draft distributed: 
(1)? Enron/Delta Swap Confirmation; 
(2)? Enron/Citibank Swap Confirmation; 
(3)? Enron/Delta Fiscal Agency Agreement; and 
Enron/Citibank Fiscal Agency Agreement 
Please note that the attached have not been reviewed by Citibank and 
therefore remain subject to their comments as well as the continuing internal 
review by Milbank, Tweed 
- REDLINE.DOC
- REDLINE.DOC
- REDLINE.DOC
- REDLINE.DOC
Melissa:  Would you please sent David an example of a confirm with the GTC's 
(standard Annex A).  Please cc me.  Thanks.  Sara
David Portz
08/25/2000 09:40 AM
Sara:  When you have a chance, would you forward me a sample confirmation for 
one of the above referenced trades?   I want to have a sense of the terms of 
the GTCs attached to such confirmations when an ISDA master is not in place 
with a counterparty.  Thanks.  --David 
Do you know who Jane Wilhite is?
Jane Wilhite@
08/25/2000 03:12 PM
Sara,
We need to draft an ISDA for Empire Paper Group, LLC.  We would like to 
insert language that will allow Enron to get a second lien on the assets 
after the primary lender instead of using the CSA.  Cross default thresholds 
are $1MM and $100MM, respectively for Empire and Enron.
Please send the draft to credit first and we will check the new language The underwriters are Jay Epstein and Chris Croon.
If you have any questions please feel free to call.
Thanks,
Jane Wilhite
ext. 35063
Hey, Jen:  I'm not going to email you to death like some people but I hear 
through the grapevine that you're having a blast and making tons of friends I told your mom that she and I should rent a convertible, don our sunglasses 
and drive to Natchitoches to go shopping at the Walmart and take you to 
lunch.  She didn't think you would like the idea too much.  Hope you really 
are having a wonderful year, making lots of friends and stretching your brain 
power.  Love, Sas
P.S.  How did you make out in your investment class?
Da link!
Erin Willis
08/22/2000 07:37 AM
Here is the link for Sparks Company emails. 
Double-click on the link (icon) and the mailbox will be added to your Lotus 
Notes workspace.  The individuals in the SRRS Request #EWIS-4NAS6W have 
editor access.   Just in case, the mail file is located on the Lotus Notes 
server NAHOU-LN9/Enron.  The  Please see MAP comments at the end.  My phone number is 713/853-5620 Thanks.  Sara
Jennifer Shipos
08/22/2000 01:48 PM
Here is the long history.  Marathon-Ashland's comments are at the end of this.
Thanks,
Jennifer
FYI
I have forwarded your message to Sara Shakleton for further handling , as her 
group is the appropriate one for these matters.
Jennifer Shipos
08/17/2000 11:08 AM
Harry,
I had Souad fax you the GTC agreement that we sent to Marathon-Ashland Also, the following are the comments that they had about the agreement.
Please let me know what other steps I need to take in resolving this issue.
Thanks for your assistance.
Jennifer Shipos
X 3-5538
Jennifer below are MAP's legal department's comments on the Enron OTC 
agreement from July 14..
1. On the address at the top of page 1 the address for MAP should be 
correctly identified.  I don't believe "Document Department" is correct. 
CHANGE TO ATTENTION DALE BARWIG
2. Under the provision titled "Floating Amount Details", "Floating Price" 
at line 3, change the word "entitled" to "titled".
3. Under Governing Law change "Texas" to "New York".
On the last page, information should be inserted for notices for MAP and 
another provision for communications.  Under "Communications" insert "Prior 
to the close of business on the next business day following the trade date, 
ENA will prepare and forward this contract electronically (faxed or attached 
to an email in a mutually acceptable format) to MAP's trader with a copy to 
the supervisor of Feedstock Acquisition and Derivative Accounting as listed 
below under Contractual Invoices".
Then for "Contractual Invoices":
Marathon Ashland Petroleum LLC (MAP)
Name: Fred L. Bennett
Title: Supervisor, Feedstock Acquisition and Derivative Accounting
Address: Room 444-M, 539 South Main Street, Findlay, Ohio 45840
Tel No: (419) 421-4200
Fax No: (419) 421-5040
Email: FLBennett@MAPLLC.com"
4. Under Annex A General Terms and Conditions under the provision titled 
"Market Disruption Event", line 3, change "ENA" to "both parties".
Here starts my comments on the contract language.
5.  As we talked about I am confused that which crack sale has occurred.  The 
fixed price referencing the attachment should indicate USGC 74 Grade (Pipe) 
Heating Oil.  I am unclear where in the document we mention Low Sulfur.
Floating Price: The average of USGC platts oilgram midpoint for USGC Pipeline 
No. 2 74 Grade OIl, multiplied by 42, less the First Nearby NYMEX WTI Crude 
Oil futrures settlement prices
Where is the settlement paragraph?  Something like:
If the Fixed Amount exceeds the Floating Amount for such calculation period, 
the fixed price payor shall pay the floating price payor an amount equal to 
such excess.  If the floating amount exceeds the fixed amount for such 
calculation period, the floating price payor shall pay the fixed price payor 
an amount equal to such excess.
Thanks for you help.
Please provide and notice and account information for the discussed 
confirmation to both Joe Hunter and Souad Mahmassani.  It will be inserted 
into the confirm No. NQ9331.1,.2.  Thanks.  Sara
Attached is my response.  Sara
John:  I just wanted to stay in the loop for Japan as to Gary Hickerson's 
FX/rate/equity counterparties.  My understanding from Gary is that  EGM 
(through ENA) will continue to hedge the business originating in Japan, 
subject to tax and any regulatory input.  I don't know if this has 
necessitated an agency arrangement  between Japan and Houston (or another 
office, similar to London or Australia).  Also, for netting reasons, Japan 
would not duplicate existing counterparty  ISDA's with ENA, and to the extent 
Japan is transacting with a bank having an agreement with ENA, we could amend 
the agreement for multibranch purposes if necessary (e.g., Bank of Montreal 
if the bank is transacting from multiple locations that need to be added to 
ENA's agreement).
Please advise if you have already had these discussions with Mark Taylor.  I 
look forward to hearing from you.  Sara  
Robert:  The executed "Representative Agreement" was executed by  both ENA 
and Enron Australia; it was sent to David Minns via Federal Express on July 
6, 2000.  Let me know if you need anything further.  Sara
Robert McGrory@_DEVELOPMENT
08/28/2000 12:32 AM
Hi Sara,
I work with David Minns in Enron's Australian office.  Just a quick query can you tell me whether the agreement referred to below has been executed by 
ENA?
,
Robert.
Hi, Susan.  Just to let you know that I will have the agreements executed by 
ENA once you have initialled and returned them to me.  Thanks.  Sara
FYI.  Maybe this relates to your PG&E counterparty.
Larry Joe Hunter
05/12/99 02:03 PM
Kelly,
On 5/11 we traded a Financial Power deal with PG&E Energy Trading - Power 
L.P., EW9838.  We had previously been notified by Credit/Legal that no 
Financial Power deals were to be done with this C/P.  Please advise.
Thanks,
Joe
The last time that we spoke, ECT was not going to hold the risk on its books. 
If there is a back-to-back, which of the six "Enron Argentina" entities (or 
some other Enron company) will the transaction be with?  Sara
can you handle?
Larry Joe Hunter
08/28/2000 11:43 AM
Sara/Mary,
Koch Energy Trading, Inc. has contacted me several times over the past couple 
of weeks in order to request that we change our Confirmation procedures Currently, per the Master Agreement, we send our form of Confirmation and 
they sign and return those to us.  With the volume being well over 50 deals 
per day with Koch, they are now seeing this as cost prohibitive on their end, 
as they are doing all of the work related to Confirmations (Comparing details 
to their system and return faxing).  Now, Koch would like to go to both 
Counterparties sending confirms, comparing each other's paper to the system 
and notifying only in the case of discrepancies.  I suggested to Koch that we 
might try using a system similar to Sempra's in which we send our Confirms 
and they return a one-page fax which lists our deal numbers and their 
agreement or disagreement with those deals.  Still, they considered this to 
be very manual on their end and leaves them responsible for notifying of any 
discrepancies.  I'm sure the legal departments will be getting involved soon, 
so I wanted to get your thoughts on changing our current process before it 
comes to that.
Thanks,
Joe
Mark:  I would like to request a flat panel monitor to replace my current 
monitor.  Thank you.  Sara
Darren:  I should have sent this message to you!  Sara
Sara Shackleton
08/28/2000 10:48 AM
John:  I just wanted to stay in the loop for Japan as to Gary Hickerson's 
FX/rate/equity counterparties.  My understanding from Gary is that  EGM 
(through ENA) will continue to hedge the business originating in Japan, 
subject to tax and any regulatory input.  I don't know if this has 
necessitated an agency arrangement  between Japan and Houston (or another 
office, similar to London or Australia).  Also, for netting reasons, Japan 
would not duplicate existing counterparty  ISDA's with ENA, and to the extent 
Japan is transacting with a bank having an agreement with ENA, we could amend 
the agreement for multibranch purposes if necessary (e.g., Bank of Montreal 
if the bank is transacting from multiple locations that need to be added to 
ENA's agreement).
Please advise if you have already had these discussions with Mark Taylor.  I 
look forward to hearing from you.  Sara  
Tomorrow!  Carson is gonna call you and coordinate.  Sara
Donna_J_Mullen@DOM.COM
08/28/2000 02:31 PM
Sara, I was in Corpus Christi Friday so I missed your message.  I've missed 
you,
too!!  Either night works for me.  With this short notice, you may prefer
Tuesday.  Just let me know when and tell me what I can bring to go with our 
wine
raid!!
Donna
Peter:  I know that Gary Rosenblum is out of town until after Labor Day Gary's voice mail directs callers to a gentleman with the last name of 
"McFarber" at Ext. 6128..  I left a voice mail for him this morning and have 
not heard back.  Is there a lawyer to whom I can direct questions about your 
form of equity forward?  Thanks very much.  Sara (713/853-5620)
Stephanie:  I sent you a request last week for Gregg.  Could you please send 
Gregg the boilerplate?  Thanks.  Sara
Gregg Penman@
08/28/2000 02:02 PM
Sara - I still have not received the ISDA Master or Credit Support Annex Could you please let me know the status?  Thanks for your help.
Gregg
Stephanie:  Please send the boilerplate ISDA Master Agreement and Credit 
Support Annex to Gregg Penman in our Chicago office.  Thanks.  Sara
Alan:  You're reading my mind.  I'll ask Kaye to schedulet some time this 
week.  Thanks.  Sara
Alan Aronowitz
08/28/2000 02:08 PM
Sara:
When you get a chance, let's discuss this. Thanks.
Also, I wanted to discuss with you the Tokyo Financial Trading business.
, Alan
Sheila Glover
08/28/2000 12:31 PM
Alan, and Sara,
We had spoken about a month ago that the Credit and Convertible Books may be 
Enron Credit.com is currently using the ENA entity for deals with US 
courterparties. 
Thanks, Sheila
Mary:  This is a paper and pulp master with some "different" provisions.  I 
asked Susan to let you handle.  The business person is Chris Croom (X31899 There is no "formal" credit worksheet but Tanya verified that the CP is an 
ESP.  Sara
Jane Wilhite@
08/28/2000 06:26 PM
Sara and Susan,
Could you please add the following additional events of default to the Empire 
ISDA:
EBITDA/Interest >5x
No additional debt greater than $5MM
If you have any questions or would like to discuss please feel free to call.
Thank you,
Jane Wilhite
ext. 35063
I am seeing more and more credit derivatives.  The trades originating in 
Houston are coming from Jeff Kinneman's bond/debt traders but are booked in 
the name of ECT Investments, Inc. or ENA.  I can't be certain if these are 
backed to EnronCredit.com Limited 
In particular, there is a proposed total return bond trade with DLJ 
International Capital requiring ECT Investments to post collateral.  We have 
no master with this party.  Who in Houston credit  is looking at credit 
derivatives?
FYI, other credit deals seem to be transacted wtih Deutsche Bank and UBS AG.
All:  I would like to take Friday, Sept. 29 as a vacation day.  Please advise 
if there are any conflicts.  Thanks.  Sara
Did you receive my voice mail yesterday about Pacific Corp?  Portland wants 
draft ISDA to proceed with monetization for this project.  SS
I haven't read all of the emails, but, Mark was going to handle Hawaii.  SS
Mary Cook
08/29/2000 08:14 AM
Is this more Hawaii that you are handling?  Mary
Carol St Clair
08/29/2000 08:11 AM
Carol St. Clair
EB 3892
713-853-3989 (Phone)
713-646-3393 (Fax)
carol.st.clair@
"Cheri Strouse"  	08/25/00 05:39 PM
Attached please find the Sale and Auction Agreement for the Fiji Z Class B 
Interest and the Bali Trust Agreement.
The Sale and Auction Agreement is marked against the Sale and Auction 
Agreement from the Hawaii 125-0, McGarrett Series B transaction and the Bali 
Trust Agreement is marked against the Alchemy Trust Agreement.
Please note that the attached documents are in Word Perfect.  A subsequent 
email with the documents in Microsoft Word will follow.
Please fax comments to David Barbour and Muriel McFarling at 214-659-4401 by 
Monday, August 28th.
If you have any questions, please contact David Barbour at 214-659-4444.
B. Scott Olson
Andrews & Kurth L.L.P.
1717 Main Street
Suite 3700
Dallas, Texas 75201
Direct: 214.659.4443
Fax: 214.659.4832
- 255084 COMPARISON AGAINST MCGARRETT SERIES B.wpd
- 255146 COMPARISON 220406 VER 7.WPD
My fax is 646-3490
Nina Edmonds
08/29/2000 05:28 AM
Hi Sara, I have an invoice here for you to sign and approve.  If you can let 
me know the appropriate number there  I will fax it through to you.
Thanks
Jo
Bill:  Thanks for the info.   I also spoke with Jeff about how 
EnronCredit.com Ltd. was going to work since Dennis O'Connell (London lawyer) 
is responsible for that group.  Maybe you will be able to clarify which of 
Jeff's "positions" will be hedges and which will be backed to EnronCredit Maybe Rod will be handling most of Jeff's credit.  I'd appreciate an update Sara
William S Bradford
08/29/2000 07:24 AM
Sara,
Please contact either Paul Radous or me on credit derivatives in the U.S Rod Nelson is the lead credit support for EnronCredit.com and should also be 
available in London, if necessary.  I am not aware of these recent trades but 
I am having lunch with Jeff Kinneman on Thursday to discuss among other 
things Credit support for his business 
It does concern me that we would offer to provide collateral DLJ without 
Treasury's approval.
Bill
I am seeing more and more credit derivatives.  The trades originating in 
Houston are coming from Jeff Kinneman's bond/debt traders but are booked in 
the name of ECT Investments, Inc. or ENA.  I can't be certain if these are 
backed to EnronCredit.com Limited 
In particular, there is a proposed total return bond trade with DLJ 
International Capital requiring ECT Investments to post collateral.  We have 
no master with this party.  Who in Houston credit  is looking at credit 
derivatives?
FYI, other credit deals seem to be transacted wtih Deutsche Bank and UBS AG.
Lucy:  Check with Kaye Ellis (X35968) and get on my calendar.  Sara
Lucy Ortiz
08/28/2000 01:59 PM
Sara,
We have about 4 new people in our mid marketing group, and I've been putting 
together meetings with Credit, Risk and the Back Office.
I think we're about ready for the Legal perspective and I would like to have 
maybe 30 minutes of your time next week if its possible 
,
Lucy
P.S.
Hope you're doing well. 
please print
Carol St Clair
08/29/2000 08:13 AM
Carol St. Clair
EB 3892
713-853-3989 (Phone)
713-646-3393 (Fax)
carol.st.clair@
"Curry, Alicia"  	08/28/00 01:58 PM
Attached please find drafts of the following documents:
1. Master Derivatives Agreement
2. Roadrunner/Bobcat ISDA Master Agreement
3. Enron/Bobcat ISDA Master Agreement
4. Put Option Confirmation
5. Stock Purchase Agreement
6. Bobcat Revolving Promissory Note
7. Roadrunner Promissory Note
8. Enron Corp. Guaranty in favor of Bobcat
9. Enron Corp. Guaranty in favor of LJM2-Bobcat, LLC
10. Registration Rights Agreement
 Alicia L. Curry
 Vinson & Elkins L.L.P.
 2300 First City Tower
 1001 Fannin Street
 Houston, Texas 77002-6760
 Phone:  713-758-4428
 Fax:  713-615-5688
 (Licensed in New York only)