sorry can't make it! you are coming to the super bowl party, right?
should we tell all interested parties?
Sexy, yet sophisticated.  Naughty, yet classy.  She's just swell.
Tonight would be fine.  Tomorrow is the UK-Ole Miss game.
shes pretty sexy, huh?  are we getting together to talk europe tonoght?
Eric, you have way too much time on your hands.
Damn boy, are you gonna bust a move on the secretary?
Hi!
I'd like to invite you to: Super Bowl Party
Just click on the link below, and it will take you to my personal Evite
event page to see everyone's comments, RSVP, and get all the details.
I hope you can make it, and I look forward to seeing your reply on the event
page!
Cheers!
Eric Bass
HAVING TROUBLE?
If nothing happens when you click the link above, use your mouse to cut
and paste the entire address into your Web browser, then hit return.
Make sure you copy it exactly as it appears above. That will take you to
the invite. (Note: Some AOL users may need to access their invite through
the Evite homepage. See instructions below.)
If you can't access the invite page:
1. Go to  
2. Log in (if you are already a member) or sign up for an Evite account,
using the same email address the organizer used to contact you about this 
event.
3. Go to your "My Invites" inbox and click the event title to view your 
invite!
- att1.htm
shes pretty sexy, huh?  are we getting together to talk europe tonoght?
Eric, you have way too much time on your hands.
Damn boy, are you gonna bust a move on the secretary?
Hi!
I'd like to invite you to: Super Bowl Party
Just click on the link below, and it will take you to my personal Evite
event page to see everyone's comments, RSVP, and get all the details.
I hope you can make it, and I look forward to seeing your reply on the event
page!
Cheers!
Eric Bass
HAVING TROUBLE?
If nothing happens when you click the link above, use your mouse to cut
and paste the entire address into your Web browser, then hit return.
Make sure you copy it exactly as it appears above. That will take you to
the invite. (Note: Some AOL users may need to access their invite through
the Evite homepage. See instructions below.)
If you can't access the invite page:
1. Go to  
2. Log in (if you are already a member) or sign up for an Evite account,
using the same email address the organizer used to contact you about this 
event.
3. Go to your "My Invites" inbox and click the event title to view your 
invite!
- att1.htm
i copied your idea - and it screwed up your name!
Eric,
Just a reminder we still need the 9912 Flash detail for financial 
liquidations.
Thanks,
Troy
Yea, thanks for reminding me about your b-day, I nearly forgot (ha ha ha 
I don't know if I should come to the big birthday bash b/c it is in a shady 
area.
What do you think?
-e
Danielle Samson  Did you get the e-vite?
Hey Kyle,
Attahed is an updated version of the Entex model.
-Eric
Attached is a listing of unresolved Issues between Tom and Greg Sharp.  I 
have not included the facility charges - do you want me to add those?
Please feel free to add on to my list anything that I have left off.
-Eric
Try this out.  It is a questionaire that tells you what kind of dog you are. 
I am a basset hound.
We have actually already called Springer to get on his "Surprise, I'm dating 
your brother" episode.  It's a pretty good deal b/c you get an all expense 
paid trip to Chicago for the weekend 
I am actually a multimillionare now - I'm thinking about buying that new 
car.  Do you want one?
There is not much going on this weekend on my end - I will probably take it 
easy.  And you?  Let me guess - you are going to try and stop by my place 
(that will happen)?
Danielle Samson  Is this the girl that likes you?  I see a possible Springer  episode! :-)  I
just got back from lunch and I'm feeling a little sick still.  I think half
of the office is out sick.  Too bad I don't own any part of the Big E!  I
guess you just made a million dollars than?  Time to sell, buy low, sell
high, huh?  What's going on this weekend?
He's doing ok.  He doesn't really like his job too much.  He
is going to wait it
out another month to see if a new position comes available.
If not, he is
applying with dell and gateway for positions in Austin and
Colorado.  I think he
took a liking to one of my girl friends from work last night
so I am waiting to
hear about that.
By the way, have you seen Enron's stock the last two days.
It has gone from 53
to 72.  It 's good to work for the big E!
the big E
Danielle Samson  04:05:36 AM
I'LL START TO SHAPE UP SO YOU DON'T HAVE TO SHIP ME OUT.
How is Jason
doing?
I had a really fun time.  There were probably
about 10
people from work there
and my bro.  We stayed out until about 1:30 and
then went
home.
I'm going to start calling you "backout" if you
don't shape
up.
He's doing ok.  He doesn't really like his job too much.  He is going to wait 
it out another month to see if a new position comes available.  If not, he is 
applying with dell and gateway for positions in Austin and Colorado.  I think 
he took a liking to one of my girl friends from work last night so I am 
waiting to hear about that.
By the way, have you seen Enron's stock the last two days.  It has gone from 
53 to 72.  It 's good to work for the big E!
the big E
Danielle Samson  I'LL START TO SHAPE UP SO YOU DON'T HAVE TO SHIP ME OUT.  How is Jason
doing?
I had a really fun time.  There were probably about 10
people from work there
and my bro.  We stayed out until about 1:30 and then went
home.
I'm going to start calling you "backout" if you don't shape
up.
No news on Dec yet but Nov exposure is around ($1.6 mm).
Eric
If Jan is up to ($4.24 mm), have Nov and Dec changed, also? You mentioned 
something about Nov changing.
The numbers you gave me a/o 1-10 are:
Nov ($1.96 mm)
Dec ($1.89 mm)
Ami
I had a really fun time.  There were probably about 10 people from work there 
and my bro.  We stayed out until about 1:30 and then went home.
I'm going to start calling you "backout" if you don't shape up.
just wanted to let you know that lsu is still projected to go to the sharpie 
bowl!
Eric,
On deal 117413 for Dec 99, could you change the first tier from 750,000 to 
775,000?  The volume is the first 25,000/d.   I need this in order to get the 
Unify invoice to come out correctly.
Thanks,
Kyle
I'm feeling fantastic considering I slept till 8:30 this morning.  Where were 
you last night?
Danielle Samson  How's the birthday boy feeling today?
what time?
Woody's Place tonight if anyone is up for it.  Susan and I were hoping to try 
something different but the majority seems to be uninterested.
I will be attending the lunch.
-Eric x3-0977
The meeting has been time has been changed to 11:30 am-1:00 pm. Please let me 
know if you'll be able to attend and/or if there will be any others 
attending, so we can have an accurate head count for lunch.
Ami
3-9272
The following meeting is to discuss the new deals that have come to the Texas 
desk from CES
TOPIC:  CES Deals Summary
DATE:  Friday, January 21
TIME:   2:00 PM - 3:00 PM
LOCATION:  3749
Please e-mail me prior to Friday with any specific questions that you may 
want to address.
Thank you,
Ami
3-9272
Yes, but I would say that the $200,000/mo during the winter is related to an 
HPL discount on Transport given to the marketing desk in order to make the 
deal more economical.
Bass, is this accurate?
Ed asked me to find revenue from Entex for transportation expense to 
Lufkin/Diboll for the residential part of the contract (Transaction 10 After checking into it, we have all found the following things:
1. Howard allocates the Lufkin/Diboll meters (7107/8/9) based on actuals.
2. Howard receives allocations from Entex for the industrial volumes, and 
then backs into the Transaction 10 (residential) volumes for Lufkin/Diboll.
3. Howard allocates the residential piece for Lufkin/Diboll to Transaction 10.
4. Kyle bills Entex for the residential volume, and applies the cash to the 
sales invoice.
5. Cassandra cuts an invoice to Co. 16 to get reimbursed for the transport 
expense going up to Lufkin/Diboll for the residential volume.
6. Eric tells Mick how much expense Tom is including in his P&L for this 
transportation, and Mick includes it in Ed's P&L as revenue from the 
Marketing   Desk.
7. Phillip does manual G/L entries to show an expense to Tom and a revenue to 
Ed for the same amount .
8. This revenue shows up en masse with all of the other revenue from the 
marketing desk in Ed's P&L.
The total revenue for Ed for this portion is about $6,000 per month.  Eric 
says, too, that Ed shows revenue during the winter months for transport for 
Entex of about $200,000 per month from the marketing desk.  This comes from 
money reserved to manage the Entex deal.
Your list of items is correct.  However, the entex related transport shows up 
on the P&L and the GL via transport expense from Tom to Ed.  This number is 
manually booked to the GL each month by Phillip.  Therefore, this revenue 
shows up en masse with all of the marketing desk's expense.
Eric
Eric and Mick, does this match your understanding of how the money for 
transport related to the volumes that Entex pulls for Lufkin/Diboll 
residential volumes end up in Ed's P&L?  Also, do we do anything for the 
industrial volume?  I think we ought to let people know that we accomplished 
this (albeit that we did this a long time ago).  Please let me know.
Ed asked me to find revenue from Entex for transportation expense to 
Lufkin/Diboll for the residential part of the contract (Transaction 10 After checking into it, we have all found the following things:
1. Howard allocates the Lufkin/Diboll meters (7107/8/9) based on actuals.
2. Howard receives allocations from Entex for the industrial volumes, and 
then backs into the Transaction 10 (residential) volumes for Lufkin/Diboll.
3. Howard allocates the residential piece for Lufkin/Diboll to Transaction 10.
4. Kyle bills Entex for the residential volume, and applies the cash to the 
sales invoice.
5. Cassandra cuts an invoice to Co. 16 to get reimbursed for the transport 
expense going up to Lufkin/Diboll for the residential volume.
6. The money lands in Ed's P&L for the residential piece of the transport 
reimbursement.
Right now, at the end of the month, Eric Bass tells Mick how much the 
transport reimbursement is and Mick includes that money in Ed's P&L as 
revenue from a third party.  The actual money is reflected in Co. 12, and we 
just have to make sure that the money is reflected as revenue for Ed in the 
G/L rather than for Tom.
I'm old now, but i can always find solace in the fact that you are older!  I 
don't know yet if I am going to go out tonight, but if I do we'll probably go 
to Woody's on Richmond - it used to be the velvet Elvis
-e
HAPPY BIRTHDAY 
How does it feel to be 23 fuck face?  I hope your day goes well!!!  What do
you want to do tonight?
JASON BASS
Technical Support Engineer
Compa Q
No problem.
Would you work with Howard on the Economics of this?
Michael W Morris
01/19/2000 03:01 PM
Howard,
This memo is regarding the 91,297 MMBtu imbalance that was created in April 
of 1999 on 
transport contract #012-41991-02-004. The transport delivery off HPLC was 
shorted to keep
Entex whole on a minimum purchase from ENA. Originally this transport 
imbalance was to be cleared
the next month in May of 1999. Some of the imbalance was cleared in May of 
1999, but 91,297 MMBtu
still remains as a imbalance on this contract. We need to monitor the IFHSC 
Index for the upcoming months
so that when one is compatible with the IFHSC Index of April of 1999 we can 
clear this imbalance. We will
need to allocated 91,297 MMBtu extra to the transport. This will reduce the 
purchase from ENA by 91,297 
MMBtu for that month.  I need you to watch over whoever is doing the Reliant 
Energy - Entex allocation to 
make sure this happens.
Thanks,
Michael
done
Eric,
On deal 117413 for Dec 99 could you tier it monthly like Nov 99? 
Thanks,
Kyle
i just call it like i see it. am i wrong?
direct, are we?
are you flirting with me?
a
You hated that e-mail didn't you?  Miss Sarcasm!
e
-
1.Do not walk behind me, for I may not lead.  Do not walk ahead of me,
for I may not follow. Do not walk beside me, either. Just leave me the hell
alone.
2.The journey of a thousand miles begins with a broken fan belt and a
leaky tire.
3.It's always darkest before dawn. So if you're going to steal the
neighbor's newspaper, that's the time to do it.
4.Sex is like air; it's not important unless you aren't getting any.
5.We are born naked, wet, and hungry. Then things get worse.
6.No one is listening until you make a mistake.
7.Always remember you're unique, just like everyone else.
8.Never test the depth of the water with both feet.
9.It may be that your sole purpose in life is simply to serve as a
warning to others.
10.It is far more impressive when others discover your good qualities
without your help.
11.If you think nobody cares if you're alive, try missing a couple of car
payments.
12.If you tell the truth you don't have to remember anything.
13.If you lend someone $20, and never see that person again;it was
probably worth it.
14.Give a man a fish and he will eat for a day.  Teach him how to fish,
and he will sit in a  boat and drink beer all day.
15.If you drink, don't park. Accidents cause people.
16.Some days you are the bug, some days you are the windshield.
17.Don't worry, it only seems kinky the first time.
18.If at first you don't succeed,  skydiving is not for you.
19.Don't squat with your spurs on.
20.Good judgment comes from bad experience and a lot of that comes from
bad judgment.
21.The quickest way to double your money is to hold it in half and put it
back  in your pocket.
22.Timing has an awful lot to do with the outcome of a raindance.
23.A closed mouth gathers no foot.
24.Duct tape is like the force, it has a light side and a dark side and
it holds the universe together.
25.Eagles may soar, but weasels don't get sucked into jet engines.
26.There are two theories to arguing with women. Neither one works.
27.Never miss a good chance to shut up.
28.Generally speaking, you aren't learning much when your mouth is moving.
29.Before you criticize someone, you should walk a mile in their shoes.
That way, when you criticize them, you're a mile away and you have their
shoes.
30.Experience is something you don't get until just after you need it.
31.Don't be irreplaceable; if you can't be replaced,  you can't be
promoted.
Brian Hoskins@MUNICATIONS
11/06/2000 02:24 PM
Brian T. Hoskins
Enron Broadband Services
713-853-0380 (office)
713-412-3667 (mobile)
713-646-5745 (fax)
Brian_Hoskins@.net
John House@ECT
11/01/00 09:58 AM
 For a laugh follow these directions
  >1. Dial Deutsche Bank/National Discount Brokers at 800-888-3999 (toll
  > > free)
  > > 2. Listen to all of the options.
  > > 3. After hearing the 7th option, hit 7.
  > > Every company should have an Option 7.