Can the travel agency send these things to you?  --Sally 
AGENT BC/MD BOOKING REF ZERHVO
BECK/SALLY
EB 3015
ENRON CORP
DATE:  OCT 10 2001
SERVICE               DATE  FROM           TO             DEPART  ARRIVE
CONTINENTAL AIRLINES  21OCT HOUSTON TX     OKLAHOMA CI OK 530P    650P
CO 1117    K          SUN   G.BUSH INTERCO WILL ROGER
TERMINAL C
NON STOP
RESERVATION CONFIRMED         1:20 DURATION
AIRCRAFT: BOEING 737-700
SEAT 20B NO SMOKING CONFIRMED BECK/SALLY W(ID
CAR                   21OCT NATIONAL               OKLAHOMA CITY OK
23OCT CONFIRMATION: 509404553COUNT
TELEPHONE: (405) 685-7726
FAX: (405) 685 9658
INTERMED CAR AUTOMATIC AIR
RATE: USD39.00DY-UNL MI
RATE QUOTED
BASE RATE: *ZL*USD117.00 BR-3DY
PICK-UP: WILL ROGERS WORLD ARPT, OKLAHOMA
CITY
DROP-OFF: WILL ROGERS WORLD ARPT, OKLAHOMA
CITY
CONTINENTAL AIRLINES  23OCT OKLAHOMA CI OK HOUSTON TX     730P    854P
CO 305     T          TUE   WILL ROGER     G.BUSH INTERCO
TERMINAL C
NON STOP
RESERVATION CONFIRMED         1:24 DURATION
AIRCRAFT: BOEING 737-700
SEAT 06C NO SMOKING CONFIRMED BECK/SALLY W(ID
RESERVATION NUMBER(S)  CO/U18LVM
BECK/SALLY W  S0C083ER1038
CO  FREQUENT FLYER COSC681463
ASSISTANT: CHRISTINA VALDEZ 713 853-9106
INTL TVLRS: CARRY SOS WALLET CARD W/ENRON ASSISTANCE INFO
CALL SOS MEDICAL EMERGENCY:IN U.S 800 523-6586
CALL SOS MEDICAL EMERGENCY:INTL 215 245-4707 (COLLECT)
$295 NON REFUNDABLE $340REFUNDABLE
ALL FARES ARE SUBJECT TO CHANGE UNTIL TICKETED/PURCHASED
I have an ENW budget review meeting with EGM (McConnell and Shankman) set for 1:30 to 2:30 on October 15th. My intent had been to join Rick's meeting at the halfway point at 2:30 under the original schedule.  With the time change of Rick's meeting to a 1:30 start, I will now miss his meeting.  Please let him know that I will be in the budget review meeting with EGM during that time period.  Thanks.  --Sally 
The Joint Accounting/Finance Steering Comm Meeting scheduled for Monday 10/15 at 2:00 is being changed to 1:30 - 2:30 and will be held in the BOARDROOM instead of the dining room.
That would be great if you have time.  If you run out of time, we can wing it in lavendar.  Thanks.  --Sally=20
Sally,
On the presentation, I noticed that the "Commodity" in CommodityLogic didn't show up on the slides because it was a very light lavender.  Do you want me to get that fixed before Friday?
Tina
I realize that the timing of the Enron Net Works All Employee Meeting last Friday made it difficult for the Gas Logistics Team to attend.  For future all-employee events within ENW, we will try to schedule times that work best for all employees.  I didn't want you to be left out in this case, so I have worked with Bob Superty to set up another meeting for the Logistics team so that we can share with you the information that was covered last Friday.  I hope that you will be able to join me for this second meeting.  We have two videos that were made for the all-employee meeting that I think you will enjoy seeing.  We will also review the slides that were used in the discussions and have time for questions and answers. =20
=09=09=09ENW All-Logistics Meeting
=09=09=09Friday, October 12
=09=09=092:00 to 3:00 PM
=09=09=09ECN 5 C-2
Sally W. Beck
Chief Operating Officer
Enron Net Works, LLC
Phone - 713.853.5926
Fax - 713.345.8100
sally.beck@
Attached please find an invitation to attend a dinner hosted by Enron to honor this year's recipients of the Enron MBA Excellence Fund Scholarships.  This is our third year to work jointly with many of you in the business school to award these scholarships to outstanding students in their second year of the MBA program. One of the highlights to those of us involved from Enron is the dinner that we host to recognize the students and to renew associations with many of you.  I hope that you will be able to join us at The Josephine House on Tuesday, October 16 for cocktails at 7:00pm and dinner at 7:30pm.  In attendance from Enron will be Rick Causey and me, plus a few others from our senior management team who will be in Austin conducting our on-campus interviews for Enron's Analyst Program.  I will send each of you a final list of attendees by the end of this week 
Sally W. Beck
Chief Operating Officer
Enron Net Works, LLC
Phone - 713.853.5926
Fax - 713.345.8100
sally.beck@
I realize that the timing of the Enron Net Works All Employee Meeting last Friday made it difficult for the Gas Logistics Team to attend.  For future all-employee events within ENW, we will try to schedule times that work best for all employees.  I didn't want you to be left out in this case, so I have worked with Bob Superty to set up another meeting for the Logistics team so that we can share with you the information that was covered last Friday.  I hope that you will be able to join me for this second meeting.  We have two videos that were made for the all-employee meeting that I think you will enjoy seeing.  We will also review the slides that were used in the discussions and have time for questions and answers 
ENW All-Logistics Meeting
Friday, October 12
2:00 to 3:00 PM
ECN 5 C-2
Sally W. Beck
Chief Operating Officer
Enron Net Works, LLC
Phone - 713.853.5926
Fax - 713.345.8100
sally.beck@
McKinsey:  I read their letter - pretty good recap of where we are today.  Todd Busby and I would like to meet with you regarding his assessment of market potential and internal trade-offs relative to that.  Would make most sense for the three of us to do that before having any further conversations with McKinsey.  What I know is that McKinsey can be very expensive to work with.  We would have to feel revenue opportunities would be very strong in order to commit to spend dollars with McKinsey 
Staff Meeting Attendees:  Will Alan Sommers now attend the Thursday Net Works staff meeting?  Does he know about it for this week?  Have we made any decisions on the purpose and make-up of that meeting?  We are including Mark's directs on IT, but not their counter parts in Operations.  Including operations would make that meeting too big, so I am not necessarily suggesting that.  Just trying to rationalize the meetings that we want to have.  (FYI - In Causey's staff meeting today, Alan mentioned that the move of the ISC under Net Works was announced within Net Works - and spread - before Causey or Alan announced this to the people in the ISC.  Creates a bit of a bumpy start.  Causey is still very much in favor of this move - he did share with me last week 3 things that he will be looking for to insure that this move is smooth and yields the results desired,.  I can share those with you.  Causey has explicitly covered the 3 items with Mark in agreeing to the transition 
Budgets:  After meeting with Whalley last week, should we consider coming to the table as Net Works with a reduction in budgeted dollars (expense and capital) of 10% or so?  That has not been our goal to date, but maybe it should be, given the stretch that Greg is trying to make.  Might also bode well with all of the business units to which we are allocating if we could say that we took a hard look and made those reductions ourselves.  I have some ideas on how we might get there.  Let me know - we would need to get that done this week.  --Sally 
I am glad that you will be able to join us.  Yes, we are planning on cocktails first and then dinner.  I am waiting for a response back from Dean May to confirm the time - tentatively set for 7:00 cocktails and 7:30 dinner.  We can probably either officially slip this schedule back by a half hour to 7:30 and 8:00, or unofficially stretch this to work with your schedule.  We would be happy to have your husband join us as well.  Let me know whether to expect one or both of you. --Sally 
Hi Sally, nice to hear from you again.  I will certainly be in attendance...I do have a one-time a week class on Tuesday night (from 5-8) so I wanted to see if there was a cocktail half-hour or so planned that I could stretch out my arrival slightly.
Holland 
Dinner is still on for Tuesday, October 16 with Dean May and the three scholarship recipients.  One student, Holland Brown, will join us a little late, as she has class until 8:00 pm.  I sent a note to Dean May reconfirming the dinner and the time (7:00 cocktails and 7:30 dinner).  Seven other faculty/staff members are included on the invitation list, although I am awaiting a response from Dean May on any changes or additions to that list of UT attendees 
I have booked The Josephine House again - yes, third year in a row, but it has worked well and hopefully those of us who are yearly attendees don't mind the repeat!  You, Brent and I took the the scholarship winners to Sullivan's late in the spring 
Planned invitees from Enron are you, me, and Brent, plus the two others who interviewed candidates for the scholarships - Loftis Fitzwater (one of the first year winners) and Andrea Reed.  Roger Ondrecko was the fourth interviewer, but is obviously not included 
Others that we could include are Billy Lemmons, as AA program head, Ben Glissan, as the MBA executive lead for UT, and Christy Patrick from University Affairs (frankly, though, I haven't been able to get University Affairs remotely interested in this event, even though Karen Marshall on their staff last year planned the dinner 
Per your note, we could certainly include anyone else who may be helping us with interviews at UT.  Lexi says she will be busy that night making phone calls for 2nd round interviews, and she plans to have our analysts go to dinner with our summer interns who are back on campus.  Checking the list of "more senior" interviewers who could be included for dinner, it looks like Beth Apollo, Randy Petersen, Hunter Shively, and Greg Piper.  Lexi has checked with Wes about interviewing - he can't do it.  She is waiting for calls back from Mike Deville and Mark Lindsey 
Who would you like to include from Enron at the dinner from the names in bold above?  --Sally 
I think that Mike might be available.  Also, maybe Mark could do both days.  Lastly, has anyone checked with Wes Colwell?  Sally, are we doing the scholarship dinner Tuesday night?  If so, should we involve some of these people?
Rick:
I have put together a brief campus update, including all previous and future events for the fall recruiting season.  Changes to our original campus plan are noted on the attachment.  As you can see, I still need 3 interviewers for October 16th.
All of our events have been well-received on campus.  The presentations that we have given to various student organizations have been of great benefit to our recruiting effort.
Regarding our campus numbers, I intend for the following:
Full Time:
Round 1: interview 55 candidates
Round 2: interview 36 candidates
Super Saturday: invite 15 candidates
Target: hire 10 candidates
Interns:
Round 1: interview 14 candidates
Round 2: interview 8 candidates
Target: hire 5-6 interns
Please let me know if you need anything else or if I can provide any additional information.
Thank you!
lexi
3-4585
We are looking forward to dinner with you and other faculty members on Tuesday, October 16 as we honor the three students who are the recipients of the 2001-2002 Enron MBA Excellence Fund Scholarships.  We have booked The Josephine House once again 
I wanted to confirm several details with you 
1)  Cocktails at 7:00 pm; Dinner at 7:30 pm  --Do these times work for you 
2)  Last year's invitees from UT included the following:
Associate Dean Philip Zerrillo				philip.zerrillo@bus.utexas.edu
Assistant Dean Britt Freund				brittf@mail.utexas.edu
Dr. Ehud Ronn					eronn@mail.utexas.edu
Dr. George Gau					ggau@mail.utexas.edu
Dr. Beverly Hadaway					hadawayb@mail.utexas.edu
Dr. Linda Golden					mkllg@mail.utexas.edu
Mr. Eloy Garcia					eloy.garcia@bus.utexas.edu
Would you like to make any changes or additions to this list for the dinner?  If so, please let me know the changes and appropriate e-mail addresses as necessary 
I will update you later in the week with the list of Enron attendees and the names of the students and their spouses, as applicable 
I look forward to seeing you again at the dinner.  I have enjoyed being involved in the interview process for selecting the scholarship recipients for the last three years, and I especially appreciate the opportunity for Enron and the University to jointly recognize these deserving students.  Please call me with any questions regarding the dinner 
Sally White Beck 
Chief Operating Officer
Enron Net Works LLC
713-853-5926
sally.beck@
Beth Perlman has fleshed out an idea for maximizing value for creditors of the Enron Estate that I believe has a lot of merit.  As you may know, one of our business goals within Enron Net Works in 2001 was to commercialize mid and back office services.  With the money and talent that has been poured into Enron's trading operations systems and processes, we believed that there could be market demand for these services.  Ironically enough, we had secured our first services customer and were to begin providing these services on December 1.  Understandably, the customer became concerned during November and the deal was shelved.  Our experience was that there was much interest in mid and back office services (coupling our systems and our people), but that the major drawback in the marketplace was that it was indeed Enron that was offering these services.  The market place didn't want us to "win again" as Enron. =20
Obviously, the world has changed.  While effort is currently focused on the formation of Netco and how to realize value from remaining contracts within EGM, EIM, EA, EES, etc., I think that we would short-change the Estate if we did not bring the idea of a services company to at least the proposal stage in order to evaluate its potential value for the Estate.  The idea would be to form this services company with a consulting firm, which could provide some capital, additional resource pool and a ready sales channel.  With the potential of spin-off companies from Enron and with former Enron employees taking jobs with other firms, many doors would be opened for this "independent" services company to provide services.  Servicing the Enron Estate could be the first engagement for this services company.  Depending upon the structure of the deal, benefits to the Enron Estate could be reduced costs for systems and services, perhaps a cash inflow from the purchase of the CommodityLogic tools,  the possibility of some revenue stream from other services engagements, etc.  Another important aspect of this idea is that for the systems and operations professionals, this would create a true career opportunity - a service bureau offering through an established consulting firm - making it much more likely that these people could be retained. =20
Beth and I met with a consulting firm today to explore the concept.  There is definite interest, so we discussed the idea with Greg Piper today.  We asked him for clarification around the Netco agreement regarding systems, and I believe that he has copied you on a note to Anne Koehler regarding this.  Our ability to process transactions is one of Enron's assets, and our hope would  be that we are not limiting the full realization of value around that asset in the way that the Netco agreement has been drafted. =20
The next step would be to have the consulting firm conduct a short due diligence process so that a proposal could be presented for the Estate's consideration.  Beth and I would like to move forward with the proposal stage.  It would be helpful to know your view on the process which would have to be followed to consider the proposal.  If we as Enron felt that there is merit to the proposal, would there simply be an approval process with the Creditor's Committee and the Court?  Would there have to be some sort of open bidding process on the proposal?  To set expectations within the consulting firm, it would be good to be able to give them a feel for the process. =20
Your thoughts on this idea in general would be welcomed as well.  --Sally
We would like to honor you as recepients of the 2001-2002 Enron MBA Excellence Fund Scholarships at a dinner in Austin on Tuesday, October 16 at The Josephine House at 7:00 pm.  .  Dean May and other members of the staff and faculty of the McComb Business School will be in attendance, as well as several of us from Enron.  We would like to include your spouse, where applicable 
Please send me a return e-mail to let me know if you will be available on October 16.  As soon as I hear back from you, we will finalize details and e-mail an invitation to you with appropriate details.  Feel free to call me as well, if you have any questions.  My direct number at Enron is 713-853-5926 and my home number (best after 7:30 pm) is 281-370-8568.  --Sally 
This is the memo crafted by Andrew Parsons that was sent to the traders last week regarding their back-up spots on the 30th floor of ECN during the remainder of the construction in ECS.  You and Greg were copied on the original send of this memo.  --Sally=20
A backup seat and a backup computer have been assigned to you.  Please read this communication in detail.
Purpose:  Net Works has developed a backup plan for possible work stoppages after moving to the new building.  A wider business continuity plan will be rolled out next year.
Location:  Large areas of the 30th and 31st floors of the current building, Enron Center North, will be set aside for recovery purposes.  Your name has been put on the list and you will be notified once the seat assignments are finalized.  Locations will also be posted at the entryways on the 30th and 31st floors.
Timing.  Through November, backup seats assignments will be announced as each trading group moves to the new building.  The backup seats will be available at least to January 1st.
Testing.  Test times to try the backup PC and to familiarize yourself with your backup location will be announced by the IT team as the locations are finished.
Telephones.   Only regular phones will be available.  For those with speed dial phones, the IT team will download the numbers and leave them on a piece of paper at your seat assignment.  Because the numbers change frequently, we ask that you rely on keeping track of the numbers yourself and use the number lists as a last resort.
=20
Other supplies.  The IT team is not responsible for non-technical or special needs.  If you rely on hard copy forms, address books, etc, you will need to be sure to leave appropriate supplies when you test the computer, or bring supplies along if you are asked to move to your backup seat.
Limited Access.  The backup floor is not meant as a backup day-to-day work environment.  To keep the equipment functioning and secure, we plan to limit access except for test times and if we need to invoke the plan because of a work stoppage. =20
Escalation Procedures.  The plan will be  as follows: =20
I.=09During regular business hours
A.  Announcement.  You will be notified via the PA system if you need to move to the backup location. =20
-OR-
B.  No Announcement.  If an obvious problem like a fire or power shutdown occurs, for example, all personnel with a seat assignment will be expected to make their way to their backup seat without notification.
II.=09After hours
For after hours issues, greeters will announce the move to the backup location as people arrive to work.  E-mails and voice mails will also be distributed.
Thanks for owning the question and sending me your ideas.  I agree that some sort of planned rotation for experienced hires could be beneficial to the company and to the employees.  I have another week or so of living the 2002 budgets, and then I will be able to do other things!  I am saving your note, and will get in touch with you after that to talk about your ideas in more detail.  I am copying my assistant on this note so that she can schedule a time for us to get together.  --Sally 
Hi Sally 
I submitted the question at the Networks meeting in   to employee rotation, and I though I'd drop you a note to expand on my thoughts. Being at Enron for just shy of a year, I quickly learned how frequently people informally move within the company and their business units. I've also noticed that often this is a point of frustration for many managers, and can cause friction and negative energy between business units. Logically, these transfers are typically occur into the "hot" BU's and into the "cold" BU's. 
I think a "formal" job rotation program within the support structure could help to minimize some of the above issues, and more importantly could provide a platform for developing, challenging, and retaining our staff. The rotation programs I've seen at my previous employers typically stop at the manager level, and require an employee to stay in a role for one year. After one year, they may submit their preference to remain in their current job which may or may not be accepted by the rotation committee. 
I am aware of the success of the rotation process within the analyst program and I would think there may be an opportunity to parlay this to the support platform. I appreciate your feedback on the topic. Thanks and 
Al Miralles
EBS Risk Management
Office (713)345-4636
Cell    (713)825-9634
Thanks to those of you who attended the ENW all-employee meeting today.  It was great to see Brent, Bob and Kevin upfront and center.  All of you must have done a great job in reminding, encouraging, arm-twisting or forcing your teams to attend, because the ballroom was full 
A morning meeting means that our logistics schedulers can't attend.  So we have reserved EBN 5C2 for Friday, October 12 from 2:00 to 3:00 so that we can show the videos and walk through the slides with the schedulers.  If a few others who missed today's meeting want to join, there should be room.
Thanks for the feedback so far on staff members to participate with Melissa Becker on one of the follow-ups from Causey's offsite - Attracting and Retaining Good People.  If you still have someone from your staff that would like to participate, please send me their names by Tueday next week 
Golf on Monday, November 19?  Let me know early next week if you would like for a foursome from your team (could certainly include you!) to play in the afternoon tournament at Raveneaux Country Club.  If you have some team members who have worked hard on a project or put in some unusually long hours for you, this could be a nice reward.  Did I mention that David is in charge of this tournament 
I will be out of the office on Monday, October 8.  Meagan and I will be in Dallas for Mustang Monday at SMU.  I hope that the streets will be ORANGE when I get there.  I will have my cell phone with me, if anything critical comes up.  I will be back in the office on Tuesday.  Have a great weekend!  --Sally 
Best day is October 26.  Could make October 25 work 
October 24 and November 1 will not work for me.  --Sally Beck
From Milton Scott and Walt Mischer:
In an effort to ensure that the largest number are able to participate
in our Diversity Field Trip, four more dates are being proposed for
consideration.
Diversity Field Trip Newly Proposed Dates
October 24
October 25
October 26
November 1
Please reply with your availabilities before noon, Tuesday October 9.
Thank you for your commitment.
 Marilou A. Schopper
 Senior Vice President
 Center for Houston's Future