> Subject: The Bear
 >    Check out the size of the paw in relation to the guy's head  > >  This bear was killed down on Hitchenbrook Island by an airman
 >  stationed at Elmendorf.
 >  The bear measured 12' 6" and was estimated at over 1600lbs.
 >  The guy was walking to his hunting area and the bear stood up
 >  only 35 yards away.  The bear dropped down and went straight
 >  for him.  He emptied his gun and the bear fell 10 yards from him.
_________________________________________________________________
Join the world??(tm)s largest e-mail service with MSN Hotmail.
Dear Little Sister,
Thank you so much for you love and support during this difficult time.  I wish that I could make this easier on everyone, but this is what has to be done.  I have no intention of separating from you or the Rich/McPhersons, you all are more than family to me.  You will always be my little sister. I am going to work very hard to come through this with Dave and me as much friends as possible, so that the stress to us all will be minimized.  I see no reason to hurt people over what amounts to belongings.
I am glad you liked your gifts, you did save at least one to open on Christmas day, right?  I hope so.
I have the house to myself this weekend, Dave is at your folks to give us a little space.  He is still very upset, and I feel bad that I have made him so sad. I really didn't think he would be this upset. I am glad that the family is rallying support for him, and I have been kind of laying low with the family so that he can have that support. He has no real friends here, and that is a big problem.
I love you,
Cara
"Pizza Pie"
My dancing shoes are ON!
Woohoo!
Wanna go play before then?  If you could use a little company, I would be game for something fun to do!
C
464-3814 (work)
848-7684 (home)
Looking forward to seeing you all on Wednesday the 19th @ 6:30 at my house (2797 SW Greenway off of Broadway towards Council Crest in the SW Hills). Bring your dancing shoes.
Elliot
(503) 227-8531
Cara,
I have set up these two new logins and deleted the 3 that you requested.
Please let me know if there is anything else I can do for you.
Thank you,
Mary Tollefson
Good Morning,
I need new logins created for the following people
Serena_Bishop
serena.bishop@
pw: welcome
Mike_Purcell
mike.purcell@
pw: welcomeback
I need the following logins deleted:
Lisa Gang
Susie Wilson
Stacy Runswick
Within a couple of weeks, most of the Enron folks will no longer be active,
and I will have no access to the system.  Mike Purcell will be handling the
account and can be reached at mike.purcell@
Please call me at 503/464-3814 within the hour if there is additional
information that you need to set up Serena and Mike's logins by the end of
today.
Thanks
Cara Semperger
West Power Scheduling Supervisor
We are going to the one on NW 21st between Glisan and Hoyt
Hope you can make it
c
Hi Julie,
Since the stress of work is making me drink, will my liver transplant be covered by workmans comp?
:)
Hi,
How are you? Are you keeping busy or taking some days to decompress?  A few of us are going out to sushi tonight,  Me, Laura W, Stacy, Perry, maybe Jesse, and a few others.  We would love to have you join us.  We are thinking Koji's on 6th and broadway around 7 ish.  Please join us if you would like.
Cara
464-3814 (work)
nice
Don't kid yourself ... you are a moron.
I feel like a moron
I feel like a moron
I tried to call, but got the 'all circuits are busy' thing a few times.   I will see you tonight at the movies with a full report!
;)
C
Ex Government Affairs staff Guerrero and Cantrell are mentioned in this 
December 12, 2001
Victims and Champions of a Darwinian Enron
By DAVID BARBOZA
OUSTON, Dec. 7 - After an accounting scandal, a bankruptcy filing and mass layoffs, Enron (news/quote) has gone from model of management vision to case study for management obfuscation. Only one group of true believers remains: the people who worked there and just got burned there.
They may be in a minority. After all, 5,600 people have been thrown out of work in the midst of a recession. Most employees lost a huge part of their retirement savings as the value of their Enron stock evaporated. Many are furious at what they view as bungling or worse by top management.
Even so, a surprising number of former employees lament the end of an entrepreneurial culture that more closely resembled a start-up than a Fortune 100 behemoth. That culture encouraged creativity and rewarded new ideas that worked, they say, even though its dark side, an almost manic drive to experiment with new methods and conquer new markets, resulted in its downfall. Where, they wonder, can they go from here?
"Innovative is a clich?, but that's what Enron was," Brandon Rigney, who operated the company's Web site, said on Thursday. "This is four days gone from the place, and I'm already in withdrawal."
Enron, which began as a gas pipeline company and transformed itself into the world's largest energy trader in the 1990's, created an associate analysts program modeled after Wall Street investment banks. Each year, it tapped 450 college graduates, half of them M.B.A.'s, to spend three years in rotating jobs at all parts of its empire.
It also gave workers opportunities to start new business units. The company's energy trading platform, Enron Online, was created a few years ago by a 29-year-old gas trader. It quickly became one of the most profitable divisions.
In recent years, the company came to be dominated by young people like Jeff Shankman, a Wharton School graduate who joined the company at 24. By age 34, he had become president and chief operating officer of Enron Global Markets.
Mr. Shankman, who has just left the company, said Enron was special because it "didn't have a corporate hierarchy to encumber creativity."
Management experts like Gary Hamel praised Enron for breaking with convention and turning regular employees like the 29-year-old gas trader into corporate entrepreneurs. And Fortune magazine named it America's most innovative company for six consecutive years. The corporate makeover was largely the work of Jeffrey K. Skilling, who resigned as chief executive in August only six months after being promoted to the job.
Under Mr. Skilling, a former McKinsey & Company consultant, the company tested new strategies, like structuring its corporate culture to mimic the marketplace.
"You could come up with an idea and get people excited," said Janel Guerrero, 33, who worked in Enron's government affairs department, noting that a friend in the broadband unit went to top executives with an idea and Enron started moving on it quickly.
"You didn't ponder; it was about acting very quickly and it was about being a first mover," she added. 
Enron rapidly created ventures to trade everything from energy, paper, pulp and lumber to broadband and advertising. But quickness sometimes exacts a price. Some ventures went broke, like Azurix (news/quote), its spinoff water company. The broadband unit lost about $1 billion.
"When top management got into broadband, metal, steel, pulp, we thought it was innovative," Mr. Rigney said. "When people said, `We'll trade water and waste water - that's the future,' we said, `That's cool.' I didn't hear dissent in the ranks. But I drank the Kool-Aid with everyone else, even though it made my head throb."
Indeed, the expansion into new areas drained the profits of the successful energy trading operations, critics say. Undone by shaky accounting and too much borrowed money, the company collapsed last month. But even near the end, it was buzzing with new ventures.
"I just got here five months ago," said Fred Radvansky, 38, who was attending a Houston job fair. "I was part of a group of about 70 people. We were rolling out a new Enron model. We were going to start trading freight."
If inventiveness flourished at Enron, the freewheeling environment there also encouraged other and less agreeable impulses: cutthroat competition and management arrogance.
"It was kind of like a dot-com phenomenon," said Harvey J. Padewer, president of energy services at Duke Energy (news/quote), a big utility. "They created a kill-and-eat culture."
Mr. Rigney, the former Web site operator, remembers it well. "People tried to take work away from you," he said. "There was a Darwinism for ideas, for projects."
That undermined the company's health, critics say. For example, it is widely believed that compensation for the people who negotiated deals with other companies was based on the size of the transactions rather than their long-term effect on the bottom line.
Annual reviews aimed at weeding out the least productive 5 to 10 percent of the work force damaged morale, and some longtime employees felt unwanted. "There were all these M.B.A.'s coming in and they were evaluating things differently," said Becky Cantrell, who worked on regulatory matters. "I was one of the oldest people at 55. When I saw someone my age it was a relief."
For all the doubts some employees harbored, others reveled in the derring-do atmosphere even after Enron's financial fall, and cringed at the prospect of being acquired by Dynegy Inc. (news/quote), a stodgy Houston electric utility.
"They bragged about being a meat-and-potatoes company with people who went to the University of Nebraska," one former Enron employee said. "We had all these hyperactive Harvard and Stanford types. It would have never worked."
After the merger fell apart, Enron filed for bankruptcy protection on Dec. 2 and laid off about 4,000 employees in Houston. Over the next few days, television crews filmed weeping employees streaming out of the headquarters and carrying boxes of personal belongings, even as construction workers put finishing touches on Enron's shimmering new 40-story headquarters office tower. Some got word of their dismissal via voice mail. Others are still packing up and wondering.
"I don't think Enron will ever be recreated," Mr. Shankman said on Thursday, sitting on a nearly empty trading floor that was built for 500 people at Enron. "Maybe we got into some businesses too quickly and too early."
Enron officials and management experts insist it was not the corporate culture that brought Enron down; it was accounting mistakes or the ballooning debt of hard assets, like projects in Brazil and India.
Those facts may now be plumbed by business school case studies. In the meantime, some former employees have created Enron alumni Web sites. Others are writing letters to The Houston Chronicle about how, for a brief time, they thought they were part of something special.
"Enron was what I thought epitomized a global `American Dream' of sorts," wrote Kathy Walthall, a former Enron contractor. "By far the best days of my career were as a consultant for Enron. The environment was an extreme rush. Very busy, very progressive and innovative."
But Ms. Walthall said she was also outraged at the board for allowing the company to fall so swiftly.
"I really hope the company turns around," she wrote. "But I know it will never be the same."
I am unable to log on to local enpower, I get a dialog box that says the following
Script:  W:\Scripts\enpower.vbs
Line:  476
Char:  13
Error: Permission Denied
Code: 800A0046
Source: Microsoft VBScript runtime Error.
we have to apply for TISN registration at NERC.com
The CAISO Tariff will require "Newco" to provide "NERC tagging data."  What is the process to get NERC to assign us an identification number, or whatever it is they assign us?
can you tell bob?  I got an undeliverable message from his e-mail address
Cara,
Sounds great.
See you tomorrow at 9am!
Thank you,
John Oh
Let's meet tomorrow morning about 9 am to let me show you all of the tools that scheduling uses.  I expect it will take about 15 minutes.
Thanks,
Cara
she said she would get it for me after this conference call.  Are there going to be more Enron layoffs?
I spoke with Julie and asked her again as well....my only concern with UBS is that they are swamped at the moment, and these requests usually take a day or two to turnaround (I have put the request to UBS as well - so lets see who does it first 
Let me know if you get it from Julie or if I receive from UBS first, will give you a call to fax.
Amy
I have asked her a couple of times, so if you have one that would be better.
Good morning Cara!  Hope that you had a good weekend - when do you move into the new condo?
1.  UBS payrolls are the same as Enron (isn't that nice - no change there)!
2.  Julie Kearney should have a copy (I know she was keeping copies in case something happened to the fed ex packages).  Let me know if she doesn't have for some reason.
Have a great day!
Amy
Good Morning Darling,
Do you know when the UBS paydays are?  We are just trying to figure out what to expect.
Also,  I need a copy of my signed agreement with UBS, the loan folks for my new condo want it.  If you will fax it to me, but call me first so I can wait by the fax for it, I would be grateful.
Thanks,
Cara Freeland 
Let's meet tomorrow morning about 9 am to let me show you all of the tools that scheduling uses.  I expect it will take about 15 minutes.
Thanks,
Cara
Good Morning,
Due to our current situation, I have 3 full time very talented schedulers with very little to do.  They have a wide range of experience and abilities, and would be available to assist you in whatever tasks may need handling.
Please let me know if you have temporary room for any one or all 3 of these folks, I would like them to have something to do while we are waiting for trading to resume.
Thanks,
Cara
Hi,
Yesterday Richter asked me to get with John Oh and bring him up to speed on everything that we use.  Although I think this is a good idea, I think that this direction should more appropriately come from you.
Please let me know what you would like me to do, if it would be beneficial to have me explain our stuff to both John and Victor, I will be happy to do so.
Thanks,
C
I am interested in being part of this effort if there is still room
Cara Semperger
West Power Scheduling Supervisor
Hi Frank,
Thanks for taking care of the password changes for our real time group 
Things are still very up in the air here. We hear new developments nearly on a daily basis, and so much remains unknown. I am in kind of a wait and see mode.
Thank you for asking!
Cara
Hi Mom,
Things are a little better here for me, Friday was a horrible day, we had layoffs of about 30% of our office.  Lots of crying and sadness on the floor.   The weekend was strange, Dave came back from Eugene un announced which was not what we agreed to, and I got the feeling that he was thinking he was going to 'catch' me doing something or having someone over.  He is still really struggling with the idea that I just can't love him like a wife anymore, and that is not enough to keep two people together.  I wish that I could make this easier on him, and I almost think that if I had been unfaithful it would be easier for him to accept.
I am just trying to hold on until he gets some kind of income so that we can sell the house and pay our debt. I do not have any desire for him to be forced to live with his parents, I wouldn't wish that on anyone. Just pray for him and for me.
School sounds wonderful, I am so glad you are happy dealing with your little ones. How fun 
I love you!
Cara
Very Cute!!
Cheri
I am still having lots of problems with OATI
We are experiencing problems with the voicemail system.  PGE has Qwest working on it now.  I will follow up with status when it is repaired.
Dave
I will be surrendering my cell phone when Enron no longer wishes to pay for it	
AT&T may begin suspension of some Enron Corporate cell phone accounts beginning Friday, 12/7.  All remaining Portland cell phone accounts will be terminated no later than 12/11 
Individual cell phone users may keep their phone and phone number by accepting financial responsibility for the account going forward.  You may convert your phone to a personal account and request the same phone number or request a new one.  Susan Nothnagel, AT&T Representative, will be here on Friday, 12/7, 1:00 p.m. - 4:00 p.m. to answer any questions and switch your cell phone to a personal account upon request.  If Friday is not convenient Susan will stop by next week as needed.  AT&T will waive the activation fee to change the account.
Management approved cell phones are eligible for expense reimbursement, based on business need.  Please see your manager regarding cell phone reimbursement.
,
Chris
503-819-7783
no worries,. I e-mailed julie again Just hold off for now.
I need to get my loan approved and my bonus in hand before I can move in,  I am anxious!  woohoo!
We don't have them here, but I will call Stamford and see what I can do.
Thanks!
Amy
I have asked her a couple of times, so if you have one that would be better.
Good morning Cara!  Hope that you had a good weekend - when do you move into the new condo?
1.  UBS payrolls are the same as Enron (isn't that nice - no change there)!
2.  Julie Kearney should have a copy (I know she was keeping copies in case something happened to the fed ex packages).  Let me know if she doesn't have for some reason.
Have a great day!
Amy
Good Morning Darling,
Do you know when the UBS paydays are?  We are just trying to figure out what to expect.
Also,  I need a copy of my signed agreement with UBS, the loan folks for my new condo want it.  If you will fax it to me, but call me first so I can wait by the fax for it, I would be grateful.
Thanks,
Cara Freeland 
There are BPA real power losses for the 7th only  and some transmission only paths
I propose that while work is so slow we have some informal tutorials from the folks who know stuff.
SQL
Access
Excel Stuff (Susie is a bona-fide expert teacher!)
HTML
XML
Whatever folks might want to teach
thanks Tara
Cara
I wanted to let you know you have read-only access to the CWI for viewing
your lossess, ancillary services and transmission information.  However,
when you log in now, you will need to use your current user id but your
password has been reset to default.  Type in default as your password and
then you will be prompted to enter a new password.  After you do this, you
will then have read-only capability.  If you have any questions, please let
me know.  I'm at 360.418.2009
Les
You also will have read-only access now but you will not be prompted to
change your password.  We did the change under a blanket authority so it
only requires Cara to change hers.  You should be able to continue to use
your current user id and password and be fine.  If you have any questions,
please let me know 
Thank you,
Tara Exe
BPAT
I can pop up today if you would like,
Just give me a call and I can dash over.
Thanks,
C
Hi Mom,
I am still here, there is so little work that pretty much all I do is talk to people, play computer games and read e-mail.  I still can't believe that this has all happened 
Dave is doing better, he is calmer now and less upset. I am glad to see that, I felt really bad for how upset he was.
He is going to go stay with his folks for a few days, they had their insurance company call and tell them that if they didn't clean up the outside of the house that they would drop them from insurance. They had a gardener come out, but Dave is going to take the pressure washer down and wash the house. I personally think they need to move to a retirement apartment with some living assistance. They do not seem to have the ability to take care of anything anymore.
Work is winding down, folks are bored and working on resumes and stuff 
I love you,
Cara
Hi Sweetie,
I still can't believe all of this, we are laying off people here left and right, our traders are trying to call in favors to find jobs for as many people as possible.
We are still trying to deliver on contracts, and not all of our counterparties have cut us off.  I can't imagine for the life of me why anyone would continue to do business with us!
I love you, and Pat and Riley
Cara
My first day of unemployment!  Who would have thought this could haapen.
Put vending machines in where it says COWS, and you have the filed business plan for my new company
hehehe
Michael S. Tully 
Trade Floor Support, Portland 
(503)464-7790 Desk 
(503)807-7862 Cell 
michael.tully@ 
He who runs behind car, often get exhausted. 
Understanding Enron
FEUDALISM: You have two cows. Your lord takes some of the milk.
FASCISM: You have two cows. The government takes both, hires you to take care of them and sells you the milk.
PURE COMMUNISM: You have two cows. Your neighbours help take care of them and you all share the milk.
APPLIED COMMUNISM: You have two cows. You must take care of them, but the government takes all the milk.
TOTALITARIANISM: You have two cows. The government takes them both and denies they ever existed. Milk is banned.
MEXICAN DEMOCRACY: You have two cows. The government takes both and drafts you into the army.
EUROPEAN DEMOCRACY: You have two cows. The EU commission decides which regulations for feeding and milking apply. If there aren't any, they invent some. They pay you not to milk the cows. They take both cows, shoot one, milk the other and pour the milk down the drain. They then require you to fill out forms accounting for the missing cows.
CAPITALISM: You have two cows. You sell one and buy a bull. Your herd multiplies and the economy grows. You sell them and retire on the income.
ENRON VENTURE CAPITALISM: You have two cows. You sell three of them to your publicly listed company, using letters of credit opened by your brother-in-law at the bank, then execute a debt/equity swap with an associated general offer so you get all four cows back, with a tax exemption for five cows. The milk rights of the six cows are transferred via an intermediary to a Cayman Island company secretly owned by the majority shareholder who sells the rights to all seven cows back to your listed company. The annual report says the company owns eight cows, with an option on one more.
Jim Litchfield
President
Litchfield Consulting Group, Inc.
Phone: 503-222-9480
Cell:     503-799-3400
Email:   lcg@europa.com LCG
Thanks,
Cara
cara_semperger
kitten
Cara  
Now for the cynical side of the holidays  
Tracy....love ya Woman  
I bet Santa really does want to say some of these things...Wendy
Subject: FW: Dear Santa
If Santa answered his mail honestly   > > Dear Santa 
 > I wud like a kool toy space ranjur fer Xmas. Iv ben a gud 
 > boy all yeer. 
 > Yer Frend, 
 > BiLLy 
 > Dear Billy, 
 > Nice spelling. You're on your way to a career in lawn care. 
 > How about I send you a f *** ing book so you can learn to 
 > read and write? I'm giving your older brother the space 
 > ranger. At least HE can spell! 
 > Santa 
 > Dear Santa, 
 > I have been a good girl all year,and the only thing I ask 
 > for is peace and joy in the world for everybody! 
 > Love, 
 > Sarah 
 > Dear Sarah, 
 > Your parents smoked pot when they had you, didn't they? 
 > Santa 
 > Dear Santa, 
 > I don't know if you can do this,but for Christmas, I'd like 
 > for my mommy and daddy to get back together. Please see what 
 > you can do. 
 > Love, 
 > Teddy 
 > Dear Teddy, 
 > Look, your dad's banging the babysitter like a screen door 
 > in a hurricane. Do you think he's gonna give that up to come 
 > back to your frigid mom, who rides his ass constantly? It's 
 > time to give up that dream. Let me get you some nice Legos 
 > instead. 
 > Santa 
 > Dear Santa, 
 > I want a new bike, a Playstation, a train, some G.I. Joes, a 
 > dog, a drum kit, a pony and a tuba. 
 > Love, 
 > Francis 
 > Dear Francis, 
 > Who names their kid "Francis" nowadays? I bet you're gay. 
 > Santa 
 > Dear Santa, 
 > I left milk and cookies for you under the tree, and I left 
 > carrots for your reindeer outside the back door. 
 > Love, 
 > Susan 
 > Dear Susan, 
 > Milk gives me the runs and carrots make the deer fart in my 
 > face when riding in the sleigh. You want to do me a favor? 
 > Leave me a bottle of scotch. 
 > Santa 
 > Dear Santa, 
 > I really really want a puppy this year. Please please please 
 > PLEASE PLEASE could I have one? 
 > Timmy 
 > Timmy, 
 > That whiney begging shit may work with your folks, but that 
 > crap doesn't work with me. You're getting a sweater again. 
 > Santa 
Good Morning,
I never got a copy of my UBS agreement, and Amy said you have been keeping them in case something happened to the FED-EX packages?
I can run up and grab it anytime.
Thanks,
Cara Freeland 
No changes to any existing data, just adding Real Power Losses
Thank you for your kind words.
This is the hardest decision and the most painful one I have ever had to make.  Dave needs his family so much right now, as he has very few friends. Please call him often and if you can invite him down for a visit please do that.
I am confident that if we are calm and peaceful through this process we can emerge on the other side as friends. 
I promise to do everything in my power to be kind generous and calm.
Love,
C
Dear Cara; 
I want you to know that I love you no matter what 
you and Dave decide. Love, Mom 
Her mailbox must be full or something, we are getting her mail kicked back
Can we tidy up her mail a bit, she returns on Tuesday
I called 1-800-297-3276 and navigated thru the automated menu.
Someone came on line and helped me, the confirmed my point balance and and asked me what I wanted to get.  I told them and they did it on the spot.
They also referred me to this website
www.americanexpress.com/rewards
I am not suggesting a course of action, but rather relaying my experience
Cara
Dave said he called you.  I feel awful.
I want each of you to get out of here for 30-45 mins, I will babysit your stuff while you are out.
This is the smallest sheet in the history of the world
I had to over-return losses, please call if this poses a problem
Cara
sempergers@hotmail.com (at least while I still am a semperger, but I am getting divorced)
We will see you back in the states.
Luv,
C
If you guys have been keeping up, you know Enron Europe is waving the white flag and shutting down.  Our email addresses (and our jobs!) are being deactivated as of midday tomorrow, so you can reach us at:
klande2@yahoo.com
monstikalande@yahoo.com
Telephone 011 44 207 376 8769
We obviously don't have an elaborate backup plan yet, as we were too busy working for the "The World's Leading Company".  So we can't say where we will eventually end up, but please keep in touch and let us know how you all are doing.  We miss working with all of you guys.  If there is an email list for Portland put together, someone send it our way 
Hang in there!
Monica and Kristian
Please forward this to anyone we might have missed.
do you all have a job website?
Cara, this sounds like something up your alley. If it doesn't come thru in
a readable format, give me a fax number and I'll print it and fax to you.
Eric
ASHOUT01  
Please review the new career opportunities listed below. To access each
opportunity, please click the icon to the left of each item. Qualified
employees are encouraged to apply.  Recruitment efforts for this position
may also include searches outside the Company.
Please remember that this information is always available through the Job
Postings database in Lotus Notes. This database is located on the ASHOUT01
and PTSLCT01 servers.
Position                          Posted On Location  Application Deadline
(Document link: )                      Manager,Trade Validation      11/28/2001  Salt Lake City 12/06/2001
I have asked her a couple of times, so if you have one that would be better.
Good morning Cara!  Hope that you had a good weekend - when do you move into the new condo?
1.  UBS payrolls are the same as Enron (isn't that nice - no change there)!
2.  Julie Kearney should have a copy (I know she was keeping copies in case something happened to the fed ex packages).  Let me know if she doesn't have for some reason.
Have a great day!
Amy
Good Morning Darling,
Do you know when the UBS paydays are?  We are just trying to figure out what to expect.
Also,  I need a copy of my signed agreement with UBS, the loan folks for my new condo want it.  If you will fax it to me, but call me first so I can wait by the fax for it, I would be grateful.
Thanks,
Cara Freeland 
At least for now:
Cara Semperger
16346 SW Wright
Aloha, OR  97007
Hi Guys,
Before it all goes in the tubes and people start to bail, I wanted to get your addresses, if you don't mind to send you the wedding invites.  I can just pass on the info as well, just let me know.
Thanks Tons!
Diane
Diane Cutsforth
just remember me when you are the boss and are hiring
I was starving!  You rock.
Stacy
Never know when this will come in handy
doubt that is necessary now
Cara:
BuildRoute report is ready for testing now.  Please see version 3.2.3.10 in enpower stage environment.  Two optional check boxes are created as requested: "exclude DART" and "include DART only".  Let me know if it works to your expectation.
Fran
Good morning!
BuildRoute Version 3.2.3.10 is ready for testing I will try to help if you have any questions, but you will be better off calling Nikolay (713-345-7265) with any questions about this.  Please see Bill's email for all the details I know.
Thanks so much for your help.  Sorry I am not more so.
Laura
713-345-4410
QA's:
BuildRoute has been modified to allow the exclusion of DART deals.  Since they are waiting on it, it is difficult to test and Nik has done quite a bit of testing anyway, we promoted it to Stage.  Please contact Fran Chang about testing.  If it goes OK and she wants to, we can put it in as a production break fix.
,
Bill x53492
Here you go, if you ever have a spot open for me.
Cara
I need to hold off for a couple of weeks.  Sorry 
c
Hi Cara,
I hope things are going well for you today and that you had an enjoyable
Thanksgiving.
I just wanted to follow up with you regarding your order.  I know you wanted
the basket with the lightbulb, but I wanted to know if there was anything in
particular that you wanted added or deleted from the basket.
Also, I am needing to know when you would like me to deliver these.  You can
email me addresses and the message for the cards.
Thank you for your order.
I hope you have wonderful Holidays.
Renee
I can't wait, what goodies can I bring?
We are pretty much wrapped up.
Thanks Matt.
Cara Semperger
West Power Scheduling Supervisor
Thanks for your help
SOMETHING IS BROKEN WITH THE NEW RELEASE,
NONE OF OUR LIGHT LOAD DEALS PULL IN!  This is priority,  why would heavy load and 24 hour deals pull in, but not light load deals?
Please see the attached sheet!
We should be seeing 
881015
880991 at Palo
880745
880741
880729
880746 AT pge system
Good Morning Darling,
Do you know when the UBS paydays are?  We are just trying to figure out what to expect.
Also,  I need a copy of my signed agreement with UBS, the loan folks for my new condo want it.  If you will fax it to me, but call me first so I can wait by the fax for it, I would be grateful.
Thanks,
Cara Freeland 
Good Morning,
Only one open contract for December left to find a sink for 
Please call me to confirm reciept
Cara Semperger
West Power Scheduling Supervisor
I have re-started Enpower since the e-mail came out saying that the new version has been put into production.
I ran the attatched sheet, and the last group of deals that I was given had old deals blended with new deals.
These start on line 757 
Cara
Donald was trying to sort by POR AND POD,  Donald gets a repeating error of "invalid variant type conversion".
I tried to do that and no problem, but I am using the app locally, and Donald for some reason still has to go thru the windows 2000 terminal server.  I really want him to be able to use the app locally like it was designed to be used.
Please let me know.
C
It happened twice
Cara,
Did the error take place again, or did it just happen the one time.  If it
just happened the 1 time, everything is ok, the server that you were on just
restarted that piece of code.  If it is continually happening, please let me
know right away.  From the logs that I was able to look at, everything
looked fine so I think the server just restarted that piece of code.  Please
let me know if it keeps happening.
Thank you,
Mary Tollefson
Error(s) Encountered While Processing Your Request 
Web+ Error Message: Error Code = 10650: Incorrect file read password.
Occurred in WebMail around line(42) in Script File
\\vdb01\d\ets\web15\fax-send.wml  Explanation: An incorrect password was
used when trying to read from a file.  Troubleshooting Information
Verify that the password in the script is the same as that in the [FILE
IO] section of the Web+ server configuration file (webpsvr.ini Please inform the site administrator  this error has occurred. Be sure to include the contents of this page in
your message to the administrator. 
Please see Stacy's sheet.
Is it possible that if the "Get Now" button is pressed twice BEFORE results are given that this is done?
It might help to grey out the GET Now button when it is pressed, and have it re-light when the New Data button has been pressed?
Error(s) Encountered While Processing Your Request 
Web+ Error Message: Error Code = 10650: Incorrect file read password. Occurred in WebMail around line(42) in Script File \\vdb01\d\ets\web15\fax-send.wml  Explanation: An incorrect password was used when trying to read from a file.  Troubleshooting Information Verify that the password in the script is the same as that in the [FILE IO] section of the Web+ server configuration file (webpsvr.ini Please inform the site administrator  
We also need a box that says "Include only Dart Deals"
Please also  make absolutely sure that this is included in the PSW build route, as we use it nearly exclusively now.Vish knows about our problems with that.
Cara
Cara:
Please see the attached email below for what IT is planning to modify Build Routing report to accomodate and differentiate DART products.  From what we've discussed, you would like to have the default as with the "exclude DART deals" checked, right?  Also, did you also say you want IT to create another function for this report to run DART deals only (so the report will only show DART products) so real time schedulers can run it to see what he/she needs to pick up?
-Fran
Fran,
We worked on excluding the DART deals from the BuildRoute report.
The report will look like that:
If you have the "Exclude DART deals" box unchecked then you will get a file like this:
Deal 500056.1 is a DART deal.
If you have "Exclude DART deals" box checked then you will get a file like this:
Please let me know if that's what you need to see.
I can send you similar files that show more then 3 deals.
Thanks!
Nikolay
Bill:
Since the Enpower status meeting is cancelled today, just wanna follow up with you on the progress of the DART project.  I would appreciate it if you could let me know so I can update the traders on this.
,
Fran
503.464.7973
Fran:
The change would not take long provided if we could easily identify DART deals.  At this point we will have to research identifying DART deals.  We don't know the answer yet.  There is a higher priority project (secondary legal entities) which we hope to complete next week.  We'll schedule this change after that.
,
Bill x53492
Bill:
EOL IT group (Torrey Moorer) has created a new DART product for us in testing stage.  We will need the Build Route Reports to be revised accordingly (please see the attached emails).  Would you have someone in your group work on this and let us know the timeline so we can follow up.  Please call me if you have any questions.
,
Fran Chang
West Power Risk Management
503.464.7973 (phone)
503.464.3740 (fax)
I think that if the Enpower guys can modify the Build Route Reports to have a check box that says Exclude DART deals, and have it default to the checked position.
That should take care of it.
(Both versions of build route, Will Smith will know what I am talking about 
Sean:
Torrey Moorer in EOL IT group has created the Mid-C DART product on EOL.  In the future when a trade is done on EOL, it will be bridged into Enpower Deal Entry. However, although the "DART flag" will be on in deal entry, I believe for now it's informational only, and it's not doing anything to alert the schedulers.  I would like to know the rationale for creating this DART product and how you would like the schedulers in Day Ahead group (Cara's group) and Real Time (Bill's group) to see in their applications.  If I can get this info from you, I'll work with Enpower IT to put all necessary DART processes in place 
Thanks,
Fran Chang
West Power Risk Management
503.464.7973 (phone)
503.464.3740 (fax)
Good Afternoon Kathy,
Please get susie a December Parking pass
C
Hi.  How's it going.  One more week of being a stay at home mom.  Crazy.  Will you please tell Kathy that I will need a December parking pass for the parking lot?  Thanks a million.  See you shortly. S. 
NICE!  HAVE A GOOD TIME
I will be on vacation from Dec 3rd through Dec 12th.  I will be back in the office on Dec 13th.  Les will be covering for me with the Elpaso scheduling while I'm gone.
Lisa 
Arrrrrrrrrrgh
Hi There,
I love you, I hope you have a good day.  Work is shaping up to be a real snooze-fest. There are only 9 of us on the entire trading floor right now. Normally there used to be about 65-70 of us!
Waking up with you is so nice, I am looking forward to many years of doing just that. I think we are going to settle in just fine together. I love you and enjoy being with you so much. You are the man I have waited all these years for. Thank you for being part of my life.
I will see you this evening, a little dinner, a little laundry action, maybe a little dominoes and sheet-she-me?  Woohoo!
I love you,
CF
We need to be able to rely on the repeated running of the build route. Running a month long sheet from scratch is a huge problem for us, it forces us to do massive amounts of work over and over again.
I need you to find out why this is happening, and let me know when it is fixed.
Cara
Stacy just ran her build route  for December and got data with no counterparty names,
I just ran my build route for December and got new data blended with old data.
We need help immediately
Stacy's number is 503/464-3747
Please click on the attached icon or the Web address below to go to the most recent OASIS Posting.
If that doesn't work highlight and copy the address below, then paste it into the address line of your Web browser and hit "enter":
Information on BPAT's implementation of tariff terms and conditions and/or transmission marketing policy has been posted to:
For questions or comments, please contact your Transmission Account Executive.
I need a reccomendation.  Please let me know when you have a few minutes of spare time 
I will be there with husband
You have been invited to partake in the Real Time Appreciation Party.
It will take place THIS Friday 11/30, 7pm-12am at the McMenamins Edgefield 
(Power Station - Annex).  Food and Beverages will be served.
You can find more details for this party in your mail
slot where your invitation is waiting.  Directions on back
of invite.
If you have any questions regarding details please feel free to e-mail me.
Thank you,
Jill
Good Morning,
Diane is off today and tomorrow, just call ol' cara with questions
why is this coming from you?
To the Portland office (the best office of Enron >
I have decided to pursue other interests and will no longer be with
Enron. I wanted to thank you all for the knowledge and experiences that
I have had here in Portland and with Enron. I will miss you all very
much and wish you the very best.