In particular, I get a message box from the windows OS with the following text:
--
Brian D. Ripley,                  ripley@stats.ox.ac.uk
Professor of Applied Statistics University of Oxford,             Tel:  +44 1865 272861 (self)
1 South Parks Road,                     +44 1865 272860 (secr)
Oxford OX1 3TG, UK                Fax:  +44 1865 272595
All:
I'm attempting to use lattice on windows 2000 under R 1.4.
Rgui and Rterm crash when I invoke "xyplot" or "trellis.device" commands (including the oft-used "quakes" example)
In particular, I get a message box from the windows OS with the following text:
An error log is being generated
this seems to happen right after the graphics window is spawned. 
I'm using lattice version 0.4-0 and grid version 0.5
am I missing some sort of prep work for lattice graphics?
thanks any help,
Cooper
Hi Chris,
I'm deeply concerned about all of these points and think we should meet in person to discuss.  I'm free all day 
Hey Cooper,
I would like to get your opinion and approval on a couple of things:
1) We'd like to get a development IIS server running, and so would also like to move your development from NETCo's only production IIS server, to this new server.  I believe Greg is setting this up shortly.
2) Since the PowerFS1 server is now the production web server for all of NETCo, we'd like to move the IIS administration duties to the IT team, which would most likely mean to me. (I'm assuming you have these duties right now?  If not, maybe you could point me in the right direction)
3) Also because of that, we need to move at least one web application on to PowerFS1.(Presenter is the one NETCo web app moving over that is in Production.  Origman will be there shortly as well.)  Since Pavel used MSXML3 with SP1 and would need it on the box, I was wondering what version are you running? (He tells me that multiple versions can be run at the same time, as they are separately named libraries and files).
.
Let me know what you think about all of this,
Chris Wiebe 
Staff, Data Technologies 
Enron Canada Corp. 
Phone: (403) 974-6929 
Cell: (403) 650-7224 
Email: Chris.Wiebe@ 
hey emily,
don't think i can make yoga tonight - i went climbing last night and inflamed some tendonitis i have in my arm so i'm going to chill out for a few days.  however, i have made plans to see the royal t's with dorland tonight - so here's a look if you haven't already seen it 
and to respond to your earlier email (i can't keep up):
the meeting i had on sunday was fine - it's always good to see what else is out there 
the pipe and casing industry sounds fascinating - i can't wait until you're an expert and you can hold forth on the intricacies over some earls carrot cake.  and speaking of earls desserts, anything would be better than the gingerbread cake.  also, has earls updated the propaganda on the left hand side of the menu, specifically the "featured ingredients" section 
not sure when you're going to get this, actually 
oh, i'm going to a wine tasting at the double mo cafe on thursday night if you/jamie are interested.  do you interested in wine?  my friend craig's wife owns the cafe which is near the university.  i always have fun when i go, so give it some thought if you like wine.  i think it's going to be a new zealand/australian theme 
- c -
today is the day
Any word on the UBS contract yet?
Jai Hawker
Peters & Co. Limited
(403) 261-2259
hey jon,
i didn't get around to calling you this weekend, but am hoping to touch base this week.  ok to give a call in the evenings?  i'm beginning to think about this as a long term project and look forward to hearing your thoughts 
coop
thanks
try this
i got an error message when i tried to open your message with mike's contact info.
hey mike 
hope you are doing well 
i was talking to a guy over at epcor and he said that they were interested in hiring a "junior" power risk management person and i wanted to see if you want me to pass your contact information along.
cooper
i got an error message when i tried to open your message with mike's contact info.
address as i deleted your last email.  can you send the name of the movers you used if its handy?  or the realtors name?  thx, cooper
no
Did you call Nirv yet?
Jai Hawker
Peters & Co. Limited
(403) 261-2259
which one was sandy?
is the machination mad at someone else for being selfish and calculating?
I think there is a happy medium between our feelings for Emily.  Speaking as
a realist, I don't think she's as cool as you think she is.  She does some
stuff that seems selfish and calculating, which is totally different than
the person she "publicly" portrays.  That makes me suspicious.  Also keep in
mind that she treats me differently than she treats you.  I liked her a lot
better when she treated me like a friend.
Regardless, your advice seems sound.  AND, we will get another chance to
stare at Sandy's body.
at some point, you will stop demonizing emily and re-realize how cool she
is, bitch.
here's your chance to get out with your rep intact, you can blame
everything on the "complexity"
i would make it clean though, none of your half-assed bullshit.
Jai,
I haven't written you a long e-mail ina while, so I thought it was about
time - just for old times sake!
I guess there is also something I wanted to say...so here goes.
When we first started e-mailing and hanging out,  you were alot of fun
(well, you still are),  and I thought it was the beginning of a
friendship.
Then after a short time,  I realized that there was more.  I just went
with
it and went with what I thought felt right.  Recently,  for me at least,
everyone seems have involved themselves in a simple situation ,  making
everything more complicated and confusing (I guess this is my payback
for
being such a big mouth/ gossiper about everyone else).
Now,  everything just seems weird.
What happened to that "waitress/ customer" bond we once had???....(I
thought I would throw that last part in here to lighten the mood of this
e-mail).
Everything just happened so quickly,  that looking back it's hard to
believe
that all this happened in a month.  I guess why I'm writing you this is
to
let you know that I think your an amazing person,  and someone that I
consider a friend.  At the same time,  this friendship is not anything
that
I'm going to force.
I'm not expecting a response from this e-mail and I'm not asking for
anything.  I just wanted to let you know where I was coming from.  What
better way to do it then over e-mail - afterall,  isn't that how this
all
started?
Emily
at some point, you will stop demonizing emily and re-realize how cool she is, bitch.
here's your chance to get out with your rep intact, you can blame everything on the "complexity"
i would make it clean though, none of your half-assed bullshit 
Jai,
I haven't written you a long e-mail ina while, so I thought it was about
time - just for old times sake!
I guess there is also something I wanted to say...so here goes.
When we first started e-mailing and hanging out,  you were alot of fun
(well, you still are),  and I thought it was the beginning of a friendship.
Then after a short time,  I realized that there was more.  I just went with
it and went with what I thought felt right.  Recently,  for me at least,
everyone seems have involved themselves in a simple situation ,  making
everything more complicated and confusing (I guess this is my payback for
being such a big mouth/ gossiper about everyone else).
Now,  everything just seems weird.
What happened to that "waitress/ customer" bond we once had???....(I
thought I would throw that last part in here to lighten the mood of this
e-mail).
Everything just happened so quickly,  that looking back it's hard to believe
that all this happened in a month.  I guess why I'm writing you this is to
let you know that I think your an amazing person,  and someone that I
consider a friend.  At the same time,  this friendship is not anything that
I'm going to force.
I'm not expecting a response from this e-mail and I'm not asking for
anything.  I just wanted to let you know where I was coming from.  What
better way to do it then over e-mail - afterall,  isn't that how this all
started?
Emily
hi jill,
ah, i don't think you'll get this until next week, but maybe you're checking your email on the road.  hope your course is fun 
how was it to see your family.  i've had my parents visit me up here and i was also down there over christmas break and i much prefer when they visit me rather the other way around.  i feel like i'm back in high school when i'm back home, i think, or something like that 
don't tease me, what did you do on sat night 
work is going really well - finally feeling some pressure 
hmm, i don't know anything about painting pottery, but i'm interested. i've done it before and its harder than it looks and takes awhile, but could be fun with the right group of people 
talk to you soon,
cooper
Hey Cooper, 
I hope you had a good weekend.  Emmy said you guys met up after I left.  My Friday wasn't a particularly exciting one.  I went out with the family (a five hour ordeal, for some reason my family is an anomaly when it comes to food consumption.  It's like being in the land of the sloth people).  Then I went home and crashed.  I made up for it on Saturday, which I regretted when I had to be up at 7am to see my dad off at the airport.
So, how's work going?  I'm busy b/c I'm going to be out of the office until Friday.  Their sending me to this gas marketing course for three days.  The itinerary doesn't look particularly exciting but I don't have to be there until 8am and I'll be done around 4pm.  It's sad that this is exciting to me.
So, I hear we're painting pottery?!  Are you going to come?  I have to admit its something I've never even thought of trying before but sounds like fun.  I'm not a very artistic person but I figure its hard to screw up painting pots.  But, you never know.
Have a great rest of your day 
jill 
try having no work to do for two months and then having to stick around and 
"appear" busy...  i know what you mean, in some ways its harder when you're 
not used to not doing things.  i've gotten good at finding things to do 
with my time, but when i first had nothing to do, i was going crazy. 
fridays are always slow around here and i'm guessing its the same there, 
although i don't know cnrl specifcally, oil and gas producer/marketer? 
in terms of what i do, before enron went under, i was the short term 
alberta power trader.  since then, i have been champion internet surfer and 
investigating local coffee shops in an ever-widening circle.  although, 
things are looking up. 
eze is (i think) an earls nickname -- pronounced easy-e.  although, they 
may just call her easy for short.  i'm sure she loves both names very much. 
i have a very important meeting at 5 with my massage therapist and i was 
thinking about stopping by after that.  should i call eze's cell?  or do 
you have a cell 
You know what the worst thing in the world is?  Having no work to do on 
a Friday but being unable to leave for hours.  I've been here for three 
months and this is the first day where I haven't been busy.  This is a 
Type A's worst nightmare.  E-mail is my sole consolation. 
So what do I do, you ask?  I'm in Gas Operations, the marketer's right 
hand man.  I do logistics, volume and supply/demand analysis, 
nominations, monitoring of accounts, damage control...you know, more or 
less hold the company together.  What exactly do you do over there? 
Everyone always sees Emmy at Banana Republic.  She's a staple there. 
Where did you get eze from?  I'm sure she loves it.  She never gets very 
flattering nick names. 
Well, I'm going to take off for lunch.  What time were you thinking of 
coming down for drinks? 
Talk to you soon 
Jill 
hmm, synapses not jumping - i know the feeling,  i think i have three 
neurons firing in my brain this morning 
i know what you mean about getting soft - when i went home to virginia 
for 
christmas, my mom was like "it's cold out, shouldn't you put a jacket 
on      and having been toughened by the brutal calgary winters (in addition 
to 
being the super tough guy that i am) i did go out --- naked almost 
every 
day. 
let me know when you'er heading over to bass brothers and i'll meet up 
with 
you - i have a few things to do but drinks after work should fit in. 
i ran into eze (aka emily) at banana republic last night - its such a 
small 
town! 
hey, what do you do at cnrl anyway? 
cooper 
Good morning Cooper! 
I've been at work for almost an hour and the synapses are still 
refusing 
to jump.  So, a short e-mail break is needed. 
No, I didn't wind up going to see Black Hawk Down.  My parents are 
in 
town from Kuwait so I've been spending time with them.  They've 
gone 
soft since going over to Kuwait.  I don't thing I've ever seen two 
colder people in my life. 
Of COURSE I know Ian Cooke.  I hear he sits right by you at work. 
You'll have to tell him I say hi. 
I don't think this weekend is going to be a very exciting one on my 
part.  My dad's leaving on Sunday so I'll be doing the family thing 
most 
of the time.  Emmy said they're thinking of going to Bass Brothers 
tomorrow and I think I'll try to go for a couple.  You coming? 
Anyway, I should probably think about working.  Talk to you soon. 
Jill 
eze:
are you in the office today?  yoga tomorrow sounds great.  i went last night to a beginner YIM class with a friend from work who wanted to check it out.  it was crowded - are the w/e classes the same/better/worse?  i somehow always try to show up early to yoga but never manage to, but YIM may leave me no choice.  i feel like i'm in san francisco three years ago the way yoga is taking off here.  i love carrot cake.  ceilis sounds good - i'll  .  i like how you send each email with a takeaway thought.  i'm actually busy this morning, but wanted to reply sorry for the sound bites -- see you after work.  - c -
Hi Cooper Well, it's finally Friday!!!  I hope work is going well....I just glad I don't work for Arthur Andersen,  otherwise we probably wouldn't be allowed to e-mail each other.
YIM this weekend sounds great!  How about the 11:15 class tomorrow???  I am running at 9,  so I should be done in time for yoga.  I'll call Yani.  About tomorrow night,  it's not so much a wine and cheese, 
but more of a mix any kind of drink that people want to drink.  Whatever you want to call it...it will be fun!! I'll talk to you tomorrow about directions to Jaimies and times etc Yes,  I am working at Earls this weekend.  I am working Sunday night. Speaking of Earls,  I know how much you liked the gingerbread....but the feature dessert just changed to carrot cake!  You'll have to come in and try it.
I a going for drinks this afternoon with Stephanie, Jaimie, and Sandy(I think you met her on Saturday at Lucky).  I think we're going to Ceilis after work.  You should come for a drink...afterall,  a drink with friends is a perfect compliment to a long work week!
Emily 
Hi Cooper Well, it's finally Friday!!!  I hope work is going well....I just glad I don't work for Arthur Andersen,  otherwise we probably wouldn't be allowed to e-mail each other.
YIM this weekend sounds great!  How about the 11:15 class tomorrow???  I am running at 9,  so I should be done in time for yoga.  I'll call Yani.  About tomorrow night,  it's not so much a wine and cheese, 
but more of a mix any kind of drink that people want to drink.  Whatever you want to call it...it will be fun!! I'll talk to you tomorrow about directions to Jaimies and times etc Yes,  I am working at Earls this weekend.  I am working Sunday night. Speaking of Earls,  I know how much you liked the gingerbread....but the feature dessert just changed to carrot cake!  You'll have to come in and try it.
I a going for drinks this afternoon with Stephanie, Jaimie, and Sandy(I think you met her on Saturday at Lucky).  I think we're going to Ceilis after work.  You should come for a drink...afterall,  a drink with friends is a perfect compliment to a long work week!
Emily 
Hi Danielle,
I have some feedback w/ respect to MD apps file.
IHS Accumap 					(403) 770 4503
Canadian Gas Price Reporter Nickles Energy Infromation Technology		Cindy Trueman (403) 209 3574
Environment Canada Daily Weather Data		Scott McCormick (403) 299 7801
thanks
Cooper
Cooper:
Here is a list of all services Market Data will support moving forward.  Please prioritize the list and add any systems that have been missed.
Thank you,
Danielle Marcinkowski
713-853-7926
i missed yoga last night too - do you want to try to YIM this weekend?  saturday night sounds good.  i'm not sure what's going on with crantina and its not too personal nor a secret.  i'll pass the book along to jai.  are you working at earls again this w/e to support your shooter-lifestyle?  - c -
Hey Cooper, 
I don't know if I can make yoga tomorrow...I might have to work late.  But I'll have a better idea by tomorrow afternoon.
I'm glad that you liked Tuesday's with Morrie.  You can pass it along to Jai.  I have promised that book to so many people,  so I just hope that everyone reads it quickly so I can pass it along to the next!  The wine party is still on for the weekend, and of course you are invited!  It should be fun.  Alot of Earls people will be there but also alot of other fun people.  We are all going to the Whiskey afterwards,  so tell everyone to meet us there afterwards.  You can bring whoever you want to the wine party.  Speaking of bringing someone...whatever happened to that girl that you went on that date with, you know, the one who ordered the crantini??  I hope that isn't getting to personal...but come on, you can tell me, we're friends.  I promise I won't say anything.(even though you may think I have a big mouth, I can actually keep a secret...sometimes By the time you read this it will be Wednesday, so...Happy Hump Day!(that was just too cheesy) 
Emily 
you hooked me up on "NACAL-SQWS001D"?
you should be able to connect right away
does it take awhile for my access to NACAL-SQWS001D to take effect?
does it take awhile for my access to NACAL-SQWS001D to take effect?
i've been playing around more with R (doing some reading and installing the basic package) and it looks fantastic.  in particular, the database connecticity package ("RODBC") works right out of the box!  very impressive.  in a couple of lines, i can get data from a table in a SQL server database into a dataframe and more importantly, result sets from stored procedures can be returned to data frames as well.  and its free 
hi mom,
i'll let you know when i get the package - thanks for sending it 
things are ok, just waiting to see how things shake out with the enron-ubs deal., it looks ok, but i'll know more later this week 
love,
coop
Coop:  I'm mailing the exchanged shirt this afternoon.  Please advise when
you receive it.  Also, I'd appreciate a one line answer to 'how's it going?
any surprises?'.  Luv, Mom
Holly Richey
Defense Enterprise Solutions
Northrop Grumman Information Technology
703.556.3634
subscribe
Hi!
Yes,  we were discussing your lending habits and everyone 
was calling me a fricken mouch!  Your like a legend around here.
We still need to get together and share some of your previous comments with 
Craig.  How are you?  I miss you and get regular updates about how you are 
doing from you know who.  Been to any exciting ports lately.   Any baby 
news?  Not much new around here - John Craig keeps us laughing.  Take care!
Andy 
Choices