- downhill.exe
I believe this message was intended for Susan M Scott of ENA; I'm with ETS 
Legal.
Apparently they now have more people than they know what to do with, so none 
of us are needed. Thanks anyway, Susan, for offering to fill in and, Sheetal, 
for extraordinary networking. 
Martha, I don't have any bullets but could you please send me last week's I think there are some old ones that need to be deleted.  Thanks.
MARTHA 
BENNER 12/07/2000 01:00 PM
Please get your bullets in tomorrow in the morning.  Tomorrow night is our 
Christmas party and we want to leave the office early so we can get home and 
get pretty before the event.
Thanks......Martha
THanks..I have no revisions.
Enjoy the party!
MARTHA 
BENNER 12/08/2000 11:47 AM
Susan Scott
12/08/2000 11:20 AM
Martha, I don't have any bullets but could you please send me last week's I think there are some old ones that need to be deleted.  Thanks.
MARTHA 
BENNER 12/07/2000 01:00 PM
Please get your bullets in tomorrow in the morning.  Tomorrow night is our 
Christmas party and we want to leave the office early so we can get home and 
get pretty before the event.
Thanks......Martha
Transwestern Transport Options:  A technical conference is being scheduled 
for January 9, 2001.
- AllPartycema.doc
OK, here's my 2 cents' worth:
Avale Corp.
I also like Enable.
I think either one would look fine on an EBB list of customers 
Also -- any name we choose could include the words Capacity Management.  But 
I'm not sure we want to or need to be that descriptive.
Jeffery Fawcett
12/08/2000 02:04 PM
Here's my best shot(s):
NatCom Energy Services, Inc.
Streamline Energy Services, Inc.
Handyman Energy Services, Inc.
Enable Energy Services, Inc.  (var. Enerable)
Basnea Corp.
Basne Energy Management
DeviaOne
Christine, you need a comma between July and August.  Otherwise this looks 
fine.
Christine Stokes
01/17/2000 08:50 AM
TRANSWESTERN PIPELINE COMPANY
CONTRACT APPROVAL REQUEST
Please review the attached non-standard discount letter to Phillips Petroleum 
Company.  Phillips has agree to extend their 30,000 Dth/d Ignacio to El 
Paso/Blanco contract for five years beginning 2/1/2001.  The one-part 
seasonal rate structure of $.04 (April-Oct) and $.035 (Nov-March) will 
escalate by $.005  each of the last two years.  Phillips may use a south to 
north alternate flow path for an incremental $.01 based on actual utilization.
Please  approve via REPLY WITH HISTORY All officer approvals will be faxed to Bill Cordes for final Presidential 
approval
Estalee Russi
12/06/2000 07:37 PM
Susan
Here is the manual enrollment form, please send to Kim Bolton.
Thanks
Estalee
This document contains both the El Paso and TW information.  I'll bring you 
the printouts of the relevant El Paso tariff provisions.
Just so you can see how this is evolving I think we should steer clear of anything involving Energy Services because 
it sounds like we are buying/selling gas.
I've instructed the commercial group to get back to you with a name.  When 
they do, let Lillian Bailey know (x33577).  That is really the only 
information she still needs from us, I think I'm reachable at 713-494-5002 for the rest of today.
Christine Stokes
12/08/2000 02:42 PM
Here some other ideas:
TransCap, Inc.
TransGas, Inc.
or maybe(!), FullPipe'R'Us Corp.
Susan Scott
12/08/2000 02:28 PM
OK, here's my 2 cents' worth:
Avale Corp.
I also like Enable.
I think either one would look fine on an EBB list of customers 
Also -- any name we choose could include the words Capacity Management.  But 
I'm not sure we want to or need to be that descriptive.
Jeffery Fawcett
12/08/2000 02:04 PM
Here's my best shot(s):
NatCom Energy Services, Inc.
Streamline Energy Services, Inc.
Handyman Energy Services, Inc.
Enable Energy Services, Inc.  (var. Enerable)
Janie Aguayo
12/13/2000 10:22 AM
George Gilbert entered an Annuity and changed the status to Not To Be 
Confirmed.  This will not be settled by settlements because no comments were 
entered to be Settled Financially.  Do you know what this annuity is related 
to?
Please let me know.
Thank you,
Janie Aguayo
Financial Confirmations
Contrary to popular belief I am alive...The 22nd works for me too (although 
given my current work situation I'm sure I'd be late - better late than 
never, right?)  Anyway, both of the current suggestions sound good ( I've 
been to Benji's - great food and heard really good things about Ousie's table 
as well 
But Laura was right, Lisa is currently my social planner - how scarey is 
that? - so she'll make sure I know what's going on.
Can't wait to see you guys,
Susan
Please respond to ljahnke@aerotek.com
Girls-
Thank you for the responses.  So far it has been overwhelmingly
positive!  I really can't wait to get us all together.  Emily had
suggested Ousies's Table-as well as a coworker of mine.  Yesterday
during our lunch break we went and looked at Ousies's and it seems
pretty cute.  Unfortunately they were not open, but I heard they light
it up at night and it is supposed to be really pretty.  The other
suggestion is Benji's.  Lis-you made a good point.  It would be nice to
try somewhere new.
I have not heard from Sarah or Kelly-so if you talk to them-please pass
them the message.  I know Kelly usually checks her email, but I am not
sure about Sarah.  If anyone has a number for her-let me know.  I also
haven't heard from Susan Scott-so Lisa- you are in charge of that.
Ashley-I know you've gotten this message-so reply Corinne-Sorry that you will not be able to make it. : (  If anything
changes-let us know.
Jen's flight comes in around 7 that night-so I thought we would make the
reservations for 8-830 so she has time to make it.
Let me know what ya'll think.
-Laura
As it appears I will be living and breathing the 32nd floor of the Enron 
building well through the first of the year, I've decided to break down and 
try to maintain my friendships via email.  You all know me well enough to 
know that this a huge step on my part ( I am not the world's best emailer Anyway, I feel like I'm out of touch with what's going on in your collective 
lives and am thus missing out on some pretty wonderful, exciting and special 
things.  So when and if any of you get a chance shoot me back a quick note 
and let me know what's new in your life.
Love you guys,
Susan
Jennifer - Hope work is going well.  I know this time of year has got to be 
crazy for anyone in your line of work, but I'm sure you're handling it well We really need to go grab coffee, dinner, a movie or something soon.  I'm in 
need of a good chat.
Jessica - I know you're in the midst of finals right now and probably about 
to pull your hair out.  Just focus on the fact that they'll be over soon and 
you'll be off to London to see Ashley and Lee ( I am so jealous).  Please 
tell Clay I say hello and wish him good luck as well on y'alls exams.
Lisa - Hey sweetie!  I am so sorry I couldn't make it to your shower in SA, 
but Jen said it went really well.  We need to get together soon I've missed 
seeing you and especially hearing about the wedding and all the fun goings 
ons in your life.  Tell Brad I say "Hi" and I'll be glued to the TV set just 
like him on the on the 29th rooting on the Horns.
Emily - I really want to hear how your Thanksgiving went with Thomas and the 
"Fam".  Knowing Thomas it went great and your entire family (especially your 
Mom) is absolutely in love with him.  Keep me posted on your plans for the 
future ( I'm curious where you're going to end up geographically).  Also, I 
thought you'd find it interesting that I may have an opportunity to work in 
your old hometown - Chicago.  Any thoughts?
Elizabeth - I have really been out of touch with you and I am very mad at 
myself for letting that happen.  Please write back soon and let me know how 
school, your family and this new man in your life ( okay, I'm not completely 
out of touch) are all doing.  My guess is you're going through exams as well 
right now so I'll wish you the best of luck and infinite success.
Get more from the Web.  FREE MSN Explorer download 
02:34:14 -0500
Something fun to read!