Thanks, this gave me a nice chuckle this morning.   I wish I had the nerve to send it to John Mckay , but i dont.
sandra, thought you'd get a kick out of this with all the canucks in your
office
 diana hollier
- Frigate1.jpg   - canada plane1.jpg   - infantry.jpg  
Thanks you so much - for the information - i will be sure to share it with him.. He didnt come to work this week, he called in Tuesday abd resigned.........I have tried to reach him by cell but he  hasnt returned my call.   And NO!  Uncle Harry is not calling, writing, or more importantly using the POSTAL SERVICE!
good morning!
i have some info for you.  my therapist  reccomended dr. lauren marangell at the baylor mood disorder clinic.  when  she told me about her, the name sounded familiar, and she was the same women  reccomended by collegues of jon's cousin who was studying at UCLA.  she is  supposed to be great for the person with the problem, as well as family.   she is a national leader in psychopharmacology - medication.  her number is  713.798.6663.  jana rosenbaum is who i talk to, and her number is  713.798.4856.
any news from harry?
 diana hollier
yes - i need the cloths to give to my brother and his wife - they are adopting the two younger boysa...alex and eddie
and that is not all .......i also learned yestersay my neice (Kiley) is pregnat again.  Idiot!
anyway - i am hungry come take me to lunch!
i hope the "if" is a joke!  i have BOXES of clothing from ben.  i cannot
wait to hear the story.  i'm sure it is sad, but at least has a happy
ending.  i had a great time at tammy's.
i'll talk to you later.
this is a 15% coupon to avercrombe.   thought you both could use it.  tell kenny he can thank me  later
i had a great time on wednesday.  pam- than you for  dinnner!
Sent: Thursday, December 13, 2001 5:05 PM
Good Morning Susan,
Just a couple of things....I had a ball at Tammi's party Saturday.   (you did also?)
And, IF you have any cloths from Ben start saving them for me...my brother and his wife are adopting Eddie and Alex,  a story there i will share later.
Have a nice day!
Try this  >> > Subject:    Weird
> If you have Microsoft Word, open a blank document and type in Q33 NY (the
flight number of one of the airplanes that crashed into the WTC). Highlight
Q33 NY, then, change font size to 72 and change the font to Wingdings 1.
See
what happens!