Sincerely,
Rudy Magee
Sam's Club #6413
Lincoln, NE
Yes, I did get in touch with him.  Thanks again for the info.  He is just 
being a beach bum...not really doing anything.  Guess I should have figured 
that.
PL
Sorry.  I have always listed the address as plove @  How are things 
going with you?  Good I hope.  We just got back from Denver.  Rachel 
Bonilla's wedding.  Boy the weather and the air are beautiful up there.  We 
really considered moving.
PL
We do look pretty bad.  As long as we win that game at the end of 
November...I will be happy.  How was the trip to NYC?  I bet you guys had a 
blast.
PL
Send those dirty jokes to my home email - plove570@cs.com.  They are pretty 
ruthless here about offensive emails.  I still want to see the jokes though Are you still enjoying the computer?  I need to spend some time getting our 
home machine organized.  Talk to you soon.
PL
Sent to wrong address originally.
PL
Phillip M Love
10/16/2000 11:04 AM
There has been a slight change to our email addresses.  Please send future 
emails to phillip.m.love@
Thanks.
PL
There has been a slight change to our email addresses.  Please send future 
emails to phillip.m.love@
Thanks.
PL
can you reverify the deal ID.  Is this the EOL #, EOL number are above 490000 
right now.  Thanks.
PL
Plove570@cs.com on 10/15/2000 07:13:59 PM
-0400
You need to stop lying to these boys, you know damn well this old guy was 
with you step for step.
PL
Hey man, our new address is:
4435 Sterling Wood Way
Houston, TX  77059 
PL
When are you running for office Eric, you have my vote.
PL
I think that last comment should have been directed solely to O'Neal.
PL
Man, I was needing some help this week 
Here they are.
PL
How does Fear have any money left...he has been bidding the house...I think 
we need some bid accounting here.
PL
I do not know who you are, but I definitely do not appreciate the email that 
you sent me.  I do not agree with your politics and please remove me from 
your list.
Here they are.  Look how large some people are (Leo and Mitchell).  I managed 
to stay clear of the photos.
PL
I got it to open.  That was funny!
Here are the pics from liz.
- after01.jpg
- before01.jpg
- cad bar01.jpg
- reunion02.jpg
- reunion03.jpg
- reunion04.jpg
- reunion05.jpg
- reunion08.jpg
- reunion10.jpg
- reunion11.jpg
- reunion12.jpg
- reunion13.jpg
- reunion18.jpg
Thanks for your help, I will keep that in mind.
PL
If he did that, he might have come back with a little buckshot in his ass.
PL
I will throw in Troy Brown, Kevin Johnson and James Allen.
PL
Jim Little
11/14/2000 10:25 AM
How about Jacques Green and Mike Alstot.
PL
I think it is arabic for holy shit, I broke my shoulder.
It is an absolutely hilarious video of a pakistani man firing a shotgun in a 
range and the gun shooting out of his hand and him yelling at his friends Real player should be able to play it - that is what I used 
I had a good time.  Send me those pics.  It was great seeing everybody and 
give us a shout the next time you are in town.
PL
What is it?  I couldnt open it.  What application is it in?
What did you think of the reunion?  Have fun?
Liz sent me a bunch of pics through email.  Mainly "our gang" and others Want to see em?
-Catherine
Yeah, waht are you offering?
PL
I found this picture of you shooting a shotgun, you crazy man.
PL
Enron Global Finance
David Mitchell@ECT
10/10/2000 04:53 PM
- AHMED_Shoots.mpeg
Enjoy..I was crying with laughter.
PL
Enron Global Finance
David Mitchell@ECT
10/10/2000 04:53 PM
- AHMED_Shoots.mpeg
Just curious how I may assist in getting Auburn University's name added to 
recruiting endeavors.  Of course I am an alum, and I believe you will find we 
have an excellent engineering and business school.  Just curious, thanks.
PL
Here it is...you gonna split the money with me right??
Scott Crowell  Phil,
I have attached Jenny's resume.  Don't forget to fill out the paperwork
before you pass the resume along so you get credit.  Please try and do
this as soon as you can.  Thanks.
Scott
- Jenny Resume.doc
- scott.crowell.vcf
Here it is.
PL
I will bid $6 for Cary Blanchare, K Arizona and $3 for Gary Anderson K Minn
PL
Sorry it has taken so long to get back with you.  Work has been real hectic Trust me, I feel old as well.  The old body doesn't cooperate like it use 
to 
Jackson and Ashley are doing great.  We got our tree up and he just rounds 
around pointing at the glass balls on the tree and yelling balls 
This christmas should be fun.  When are you coming out here to visit?
PL
It was good to talk to you live.  I miss our chats, but this is the wrong 
time and place to discuss that.  Please do not fret at all about not asking 
me to stand up.  For what it is worth I didn't ask you either.  I think you 
are correct it would have been akward for both of us.  This week is a time 
when you need as little stress as possible to cope with al the people that 
are pulling at you.  So you know, do not worry about us, we are there to 
celebrate with you and meet your family.  Take care of the other high 
maintenance people, because you will be suprised how many there are.  Try and 
relax and enjoy it.  I am looking forward to seeing you in that dress.  See 
you soon.
PL
rachel.m.bonilla@ac.com on 10/09/2000 03:28:50 PM
Hey Phillip, I am in the office now...but will be leaving soon and will not
be working the rest of the week.  We should chat live.  But...as for as
Friday goes...I am giving each room a guest box.  And in the box is a
map/tour guide of things you can do.  The luncheon....well, other than my
brother (and not totally sure he is coming...but will know tonight) you are
the only guy invited...and Ashely of course.  If you were a girl (which I
am happy you are not) you would be in my wedding party....and the lunch is
a way to say thanks to those close to me.  If you and Ashley can't come b/c
Grandma, etc....I totally understand.  Please do not feel obligated.  But,
can you please let me know...I have to give the restaurant a head count.  I
am still working on Thursday night.  BUT....worst case...check with the
front desk.  I will leave where we are, or what the plans are if in fact I
am not there.  I'll try and call you tonight.  OK..I am not nervous...but I
am losing my mind right now!!  Too many things to do!!!  Anyhow...did want
to let you know that I really thought about having you in Jason's wedding
party....but then thought it might not be the most appropriate.  Might have
been a little weird.  Just wanted to let you know that I did think about
you.
Rach
Rachel M. Bonilla
Andersen Consulting
North American C&HT
Denver - Octel 359/6017 - Direct Dial (720) 359-6017
rachel.m.bonilla@ac.com
Phillip.M.Love@.c
I don't know if you are working any this week, but I will send an email any
way.  We were wondering what there might be to do in Denver on Friday?
Since we have all day, are there musuems or things unique to Denver to see?
I know there is some luncheon on Friday, is that for couples or just girls?
Wasn't really sure.  We get in about we land on Thursday at 5 p.m. and her
grandmother lands at 6 p.m. so we should be at the hotel by around 6:45.
Should we call your room or meet you somewhere?  Talk to you soon.
PL
Congrats on the future addition.  We are all doing good.  Jackson is 20 
months and walking and talking up a storm.  Definitely keeping us on our 
toes.  The program for people with Graduate degrees is the associate 
program.  The person to contact that is responsible for that program is 
Kristin Gandy, her number is  713-345-3214.  I have no idea what all the 
requirements are and when they recruit.  What type of position is he 
interested in - Treasury?  I have some friends down in Treasury that I may be 
able to pass the resume on if you guys would like.  Oil and Gas experience is 
not a necessity, just a plus.  Enron really encourages diversity in every 
form, even experience.  By far the best company I have ever worked for.
PL
Hey. How is everything going with you all?  Things are pretty good here.
Expecting a second baby in March.  Pretty excited. How are Ashly and
Jackson? Good I hope.  What is Jackson now, almost 2?  I bet he's alot of
fun.  I was also writing to ask you if you know anything about the program
Enron has for people with graduate degrees. Chris is furiously looking for
a new job and was just curious about that program that he saw on the Enron
web site.  I was also going to ask you if you knew of any positions there
that might suit Chris' qualifications.  Alot of what he sees on the web is
looking for alot of engineering or Oil & Gas experience.  I told him you
might have an inside track on some things there and that I would check with
you.  I am attaching his resume for you to look at.  If you know of
anything, please give me a call or e-mail me. I would certainly appreciate
it.  Take care and keep in touch.
Amanda 
- Chris DeVries Resume.doc
I don't know if you are working any this week, but I will send an email any 
way.  We were wondering what there might be to do in Denver on Friday?  Since 
we have all day, are there musuems or things unique to Denver to see?  I know 
there is some luncheon on Friday, is that for couples or just girls?  Wasn't 
really sure.  We get in about we land on Thursday at 5 p.m. and her 
grandmother lands at 6 p.m. so we should be at the hotel by around 6:45 Should we call your room or meet you somewhere?  Talk to you soon.
PL
You finally win a game and you think your team rules...typical alabama fan The scuddle butt I hear is that Jackie Sherrill will be you next coach...Did 
you play with him?  We will see if Auburn is for real this weekend.
PL
Michael Don Ferguson 
I have even read where Ronney Daniels has said he does not mind having a 
reduced role as long as we win.  Hopefully the good times will continue.  I 
get all of those articles from that website  ww.tigeronline.com.  It is an 
outstanding website.  That article was from the Huntsville Times.  See you 
soon.
PL
Hey goofball.  I sent this to you yesterday.
PL
Great article on what it truly means to be an Auburn Man
The ties that bind 
Friday night meetings have helped Auburn through hard times
10/03/00
By PHILLIP MARSHALL 
Times Sports Staff 
AUBURN - It started in dark and unhappy times for Auburn's football team.
Five straight games had been lost. Late in Tommy Tuberville's first season as 
head coach, the team was fractured, divided by the stress of almost two years 
of trouble, despair and losing.
More Auburn football | Talkin' Tigers Forum 
A bond began to grow among players young and old, black and white, starters 
and reserves. It wasn't so much about winning and losing or even about 
football. It was about matters of the heart.
''We may have had 15-20 guys show up that first night,'' senior whip 
linebacker Rob Pate said. ''Since then, it's just like another thing on the 
itinerary. It's not mandatory, but we have basically the whole team there. 
We've got five or six coaches. Coach Tuberville comes in there. People just 
lay out their hearts, whatever is on their minds 
Auburn has won seven of the eight games it has played since that November 
night. Players say they've done it with trust and a unity of purpose that has 
grown ever stronger.
It has carried the 15th-ranked Tigers to a 5-0 record going into Saturday's 
Southeastern Conference West Division showdown at 20th-ranked Mississippi 
State.
Pate says they'll go firm in the belief that they can count on each other in 
the most difficult times.
Pate knows about pain and even fear. A mysterious disease, now seemingly 
under control, threatened his senior season.
''When you see a guy at his weakest point and he's reaching out asking you 
for help, you know everything about a guy,'' Pate said. ''With me, it was my 
health. Before the first game, they set a chair in the middle of the room and 
every guy in there put his hands on me. We said a prayer together. Man, I was 
crying.
''It's like that every weekend. Somebody on this team is suffering through 
something. They share it. When you line up on Saturday, it's a lot easier to 
look at that person and know he is going to give it everything he's got 
On the field, there has been little but happiness for Auburn this season. 
Tuberville says it started when Auburn players, strengthened by the bad 
times, put aside their differences and their individual desires to play for 
their teammates and their school.
''I've never been around a team this close,'' Tuberville said. ''They get 
along. We haven't always played as great as we wanted to, but we've had guys 
urging the younger players and younger players pulling for the older guys to 
get better.
''It's just a special group. They enjoy being around each other and 
understand what it's going to take for us to win 
The change from not so long ago is striking, Simmons says.
''If you don't really know each other and everybody is in their own little 
group, things aren't going to work,'' Simmons said. ''If you have trust in 
your teammates, you can build a good team. Right now, we've got that going 
It starts with the seniors, who have seen the good and the bad of college 
football. They went to the SEC Championship Game as freshmen in 1997. Then 
came two losing seasons and the resignation of their head coach, Terry Bowden.
They revel in their success, yet they know it can be ever so fleeting. They 
take pride in the closeness of a team on the way back.
No one understands better than fifth-year senior quarterback Ben Leard. He 
went from starter to third team in 1998, then won his job back in 1999 when 
hardly anyone thought he could.
Today, he has the highest efficiency rating of any SEC quarterback.
''We have been practicing since August and we have yet to hear anyone say 
'Man, I'm looking forward to playing in the NFL,' '' Leard said. ''No one is 
worried about their personal accolades or how they are doing status-wise. 
Everybody just wants to win ball games. The relationships we have on this 
team are like brothers 
Leard says nothing that happens can change that.
''If we lose every game from now on, this will be one of the most special 
seasons I've ever had in my life,'' Leard said. ''We've got people excited. 
We're excited. The fun is back in it for us.
''It's a great feeling to be able to almost look forward to coming to 
practice, to see the guys, to have fun and talk. There are no fingers being 
pointed anywhere. There are no individuals on this football team 
Evans was one who showed the way, happily accepting the unglamorous role of 
blocker for tailback Rudi Johnson. Every Friday night, Evans is still the one 
who leads his teammates as they share their joy and their pain.
''Heath is just like that all the time,'' Pate said. ''He's a great example 
of somebody who lives what he talks. He's a role model, not just for younger 
people but for all of us 
what room?
PL
Good to hear from you as well.  Last I heard, you were running a dating 
service...What happened with that?
I have been at Enron for close to 3 years.  Ashley and I have a 18 month old 
son, Jackson.  Mom is doing good, as we all are.
How do you like Enron so far?  I absolutely love it.  I am in the Risk 
Management Group for Natural Gas Trading.  Dealing with the traders can be 
fun, but is usually quite challenging.  Unfortunately we have a lot of late 
nights waiting on systems - like we are right now.  What group are you with? 
Where are you living these days?  We just built a house in PineBrook in Clear 
Lake.  We had our ten year reunion last weekend...quite strange.
I don't know if you know them, but several CL graduates work here.  Meredith 
Mitchell, Dawn Kenne, Mike Pyer.
Our curves just came out, so I am going to start calcing my P&L.  Talk to you 
later.
PL
Ashley Lord@EES
10/03/2000 03:12 PM
PLove...is that you!!!!!!????  How are things going?  Last I heard you had a 
baby on the way... How is Ashley?  Your Mom?  The baby?  I just started with 
Enron at the end of August.  What about you?  Obviously you are not with UTMB 
anymore.  It is WONDERFUL to hear from you!!!! Write Back!
Could you please change the curve mappings on a type of trade for Robyn 
Menear.  THe trade is a GD Index swap for out months.  THe product type is US 
GAS Basis - GD/M Trunk WLA.  This is currently being mapped to a GDP curve 
adn we need it changed to TRUNKL/WLA-GD.  Robyn sets this curve everyday as a 
basis curve.  Thanks.  If you have any questions or concerns, please feel 
free to shout PL
Well, did you survive the week without your husband?  I am sure things are 
alot calmer now at home.  How is the little one?  Jackson is into 
everything.  Ashley had to go out of town to a meeting on Saturday, so he and 
I hung out all day.  I taught him how to smoke, drink and cuss.  Ash was real 
proud.
PL
done
PL
There are four of us that are not playing tomorrow?
PL
Are you the same Ashley Lord that went to Clear Lake High School.  I think I 
saw the Ashley Lord I went to high school with in the lobby and thought this 
might be you.  If not, please disregard my email.  Thanks.
PL
Check this out.  Can't remember if I have sent this to you before.
PL