Marshall,
Sorry for a delay in responding to you.
My HR people were asked to get in touch with you re
the candidates.
Vince
Marshall Brown  Vince,
I had two candidates speak with Zamin Lu on 3/14/01 and 3/16/01.
(Renshi Zhang and Bill Koures respectively).  I know you were in London last
week.  If you could please give me some feedback (either positive or
negative) as soon as possible, I would appreciate it.
,
Marshall Brown
Vice President
Robert Walters Associates
Phone: 212-704-0596
Fax: 212-704-4312
marshall.brown@robertwalters.com
This footnote also confirms that this email message has been swept by
MIMEsweeper for the presence of computer viruses.
Sheridan Titman  Dear Vince:
I have now spent 16 hours on the valuation project and wanted to touch
base with you to make sure that the basic approach makes sense and that you
think we are making an appropriate amount of progress.  My invoice is
attached.
By the way, John Martin just mentioned that you have agreed to be our
luncheon speaker at the Texas Finance Festival.  I really appreciate your
help on this and would like to schedule some time next week to talk about
it in more detail.
I look forward to hearing from you.
,
Sheridan 
- Invoice for February and March 2001.doc
Sheridan Titman
Department of Finance
College of Business Administration
University of Texas
Austin, Texas 78712-1179
512-232-2787 (phone)
512-471-5073 (fax)
titman@mail.utexas.edu
Marcus,
I have this paper buried at home among other electricity related papers.
I shall look for it this weekend.
Vince
Marcus Jagdeo@
03/30/2001 09:05 AM
Hi Vince,
It was a pleasure meeting you during your visit to London.  I hope that all 
is well with you.  Steve, Sharad, Slava and myself sat down today with my PhD 
supervisor to more or less concrete what my thesis will be based on.  To 
start off, I will be working on a price process for power that is tied to the 
stack model.  I imagine that later on we will be pricing power derivatives 
off of this or modifications of it.  Steve has recommended a good paper "Pricing Power Derivatives" by Geman and Eydeland.  I will be implementing 
their model as that would be a very good departure for me and might also 
prove to be useful to Enron.  The only unfortunate thing is that we are 
unable to locate the paper.  With this in mind, I thought that you might have 
a copy readily available.  Steve and I will continue to look but any 
assistance would be greatly appreciated.  Thanks in advance and take care.
,
Marcus
Alex Huang@
04/02/2001 10:42 AM
Hi guys,
We have put together an option pricing model (using exotic library) for Harry 
Arora.
I figure you may want to have the same model  in case questions arise.
Best, 
Alex
Institutional Investor Journals  12:44:33 PM
Institutional Investor Journals are now published online!
Dear Subscriber,
Your Institutional Investor Journals subscription now includes free access to 
a full-text website. Visit www.iijournals.com and log onto the new IIJournals 
homepage -- from there you can go to any of the journal specific sites.
You can logon today with the following account information.
UserID: VKAMINSKI
Password: ITALIA
NEW SITE FEATURES AT  
- Read the full-text of the current issue online before the paper edition 
reaches your mailbox.
- Use a keyword search engine to search through the entire listing of 
IIJournals abstracts.
- Access online any article that has been published since January 1999.
- Update your personal information, change your mailing address, or sample 
other Institutional Investor journals.
TO READ FULL-TEXT ARTICLES:
Before accessing the full-text of articles on any Institutional Investor 
Journals web site, you need to install Adobe Acrobat 4.0 and FileOpen.  This 
is a one-time process and should take only a few minutes.
Please visit our "How to Read Articles" page on the website. Click here to 
link We hope you enjoy the new website. If you have any additional questions, 
comments, or suggestions about the website, please email info@iijournals.com 
or phone (212) 224-3664.
Sincerely,
Allison Adams
Publisher
Anshuman,
The recommendation has been taken care of.
Vince
Anshuman Srivastav @ ENRON_DEVELOPMENT
04/02/2001 07:59:05 PM
Hi Vince,
Hope this mail finds you well. Sorry to be bothering you with this, but my 
application to Rice is due by April 6,2001 and I need to submit all 
application material including the recommendations. Request you to kindly 
fill in the reco form and have Shirley send the same directly to Rice with a 
cover indicating that the same is for me 
I understand that you have a very busy schedule, but would appreciate if you 
could fill in this form by the deadline and send the same to the B-School 
directly.
I continue to relish the experiences from my visit with the research group 
and look forward to working with the group again.
,
Anshuman
FYI: 
You can now retrieve most all the speaker presentations of the 2001 Energy 
Finance Conference (Feb 22-23) from our website at 
with the exception of presentations made by John 
McCormack, Peter Nance, Sailesh Ramamurtie, and Ehud Ronn / Anoop Kapoor, 
which I hope to still receive.
Sincerely, 
Angela 
Angela Dorsey 
Assistant Director 
Center for Energy Finance Education & Research 
The University of Texas at Austin 
Department of Finance, CBA 6.222 
Austin, TX 78712 
angela.dorsey@bus.utexas.edu 
Shirley,
I shall come. I shall bring a cake.
I may be late, coming around 2:00. 
I expect some people who will
come to give me an estimate 
and they come when they come.
Vince
Susan,
Thank you for your message. I shall be glad to meet with you on May the 4th.
I shall ask my assistant, Shirley Crenshaw (713) 853 5290, to call you to set 
up the meeting.
Also, for your information, we have recently set up a special unit to 
coordinate Enron's
relationships with the universities. The person running this unit is Christie 
Patrick.
Please, feel free to contact her and give my name as a reference. I shall 
coordinate the meeting
on May  the 4th with her.
Vince
Additional information re Christie:
Phone :      (713) 853-6117
Email:         christie_patrick@
Dear Dr. Kaminski,
Let me briefly introduce myself, I am the Director of Corporate Relations
for the School of Engineering at Stanford University.  In this role, I am
always on the watch for ways to bring our faculty together with companies
that have an appetite for engagement with top tier research institutions.
I believe you know Hill Huntington, who is a senior researcher with
Stanford's Energy Modeling Forum.  He suggested I get in touch with you for
some ideas about contacts at Enron.  I'm in the process of planning a trip
to Texas in early May along with my colleague Donna Lawrence, the
university's Director of Corporate Relations.  We were hoping to be able to
include a stop at Enron on our itinerary. Right now it appears that Friday,
May 4th would work best for us but we're at the very beginning of our trip
planning.
The purpose of our visit would be to review the current relationship
between Enron and Stanford, to give you an overview of current priorities
in the School of Engineering, and ask for your help in identifying the best
points of contact.
I look forward to hearing from you about your availability,
Sincerely,
Susan Hansen
Susan C. Hansen
Director, Corporate Relations
School of Engineering
Stanford University
Stanford, CA 94305-4027
(650) 725-4219
Osman Sezgen@EES
04/04/2001 04:33 PM
Krishna,
Here is my working paper on the issue. We actually applied the alternative 
method
(put value) to the calculation of premium for managing the "liquidation 
value" curves.
I am working with the desk to get a list of all the projects we have with 
information about 
the technology class, region, volume etc. Shortly we will be able to apply 
these methodologies
and test them.
Osman
Vince J Kaminski
04/05/2001 01:01 PM
Martin,
Let me read it Friday. We run our papers by our PR
department to review for any potential conflict with the company line.
I shall fwd it to them.
I think you should submit it as an Enron employee with a note
that it was developed when you were at UT.
Vince
My supervising professors from UT and I are finishing a paper (finally!) that 
is based on work done for my PhD.  All of the research was done while I was a 
grad student.  I have a couple of questions regarding submission of this 
paper (to IEEE Transactions on Power Systems).
1.  Should I submit it with my affiliation as The University of Texas at 
Austin or as Enron (ENA, Corp, etc)?
2.  What legal or other reviews/clearances would I need?
A draft of the paper for your review is attached.
Thanks,
Martin
Pinnamaneni Krishnarao
04/05/2001 01:24 PM
FYI.
Tanya has been very helpful recently in helping us to understand the Enron 
VAR modeling system.  So when I received this Henwood report yesterday, I 
immediately thought that this was an opportunity to reciprocate.  (I have 
been hoping to develop some software tools that I think you could use, but 
... you know the drill.)  Although there should be no problem from Henwood's 
standpoint with sharing this document with you, I would prefer that you not 
pass it around outside of Research.
The PGE Generation & Engineering Services department paid for our one-year 
subscription to Henwood's off-the-shelf market forecast.  They wanted a 
broader perspective of the market, given their interest in building power 
plants.  I was not surprised to see, however, that Henwood's 20-year price 
forecast almost lies directly on top of the one that I prepare for PGE Henwood is slightly more bullish on gas prices and seems to be assuming 
greater efficiencies of new generation.  The implied market heatrate, 
however, effectively nets out much of the gas price assumption, and it 
matches our own projections very well.
Be sure to save this and open it outside Lotus Notes or whatever mail system 
you have now.  It is rather large and could lock up your mail.
Are you aware of any subscriptions or contracts that Enron has with Henwood Does London still use their model?  I will be attending a Henwood 
presentation on this report tomorrow in Seattle.  Are you interested in what 
I bring back?
,
M
- Henwood.pdf
Here is a draft position report we talked about previously. We had delayed 
distribution because we were waiting for some important input on the Sithe 
contract.
The report attempts to view various assets and positions entirely on an 
economic basis, regardless of accounting treatment. Currently this is not 
exhaustive since the universe of economic exposure is significant but if 
useful we will spread the net. 
Here are the highlights:
Enron stock option plans: 
ENE is low and volatility is around 45 - 50%. We are working with Global 
Finance and Accounting on a hedging proposal.
J Block CRTA:
We have not factored in the impact of yesterday's House of Lords ruling on 
this contract.
Korea:
USD/KRW has gone from 1205 to 1368. Economic outlook is bleak. Enron's 
currency translation account (CTA) has gone from $19m Dr to $40m Dr since 
January.
Brazil:
Argentina's woes are not helping. USD/BRL is currently 2.17 from 1.95 in 
January. CTA has suffered $173m in losses and now stands at $663m Dr.
Thoughts and comments welcome.
Rgds
DP
Vasant,
I have approved Iris' request for SPSS (reluctantly).
It makes sense for her to use SPSS when she works 
for London (it would require more effort
to move data bet the systems than the cost
of SPSS).
I don't like proliferation of systems, however.
Vince
Vasant Shanbhogue
04/06/2001 04:55 PM
Hi Vince,
is it fine to approve SPSS for Iris (cost $499), or should we ask that she 
use SAS, for which we already have a site license?  The only reason to use 
SPSS is because I think London people use it (I am not sure about this).
Vasant
Amitava Dhar@
04/05/2001 02:33 PM
Hi Vince,
Please take a look to see if any changes are needed.  Once you are o.k. with 
it, we can send it to Greg Whalley.
-Amitava
Amitava Dhar@
04/05/2001 02:33 PM
Hi Vince,
Please take a look to see if any changes are needed.  Once you are o.k. with 
it, we can send it to Greg Whalley.
-Amitava
Tanya Tamarchenko
04/05/2001 04:56 PM
resend Risk Desk
Rakesh,
Can you ask a lawyer to  review it?
Vince
LawrenceLRTNMT@aol.com on 04/05/2001 10:15:34 PM
P. O. Box 2227
Livermore, California  94550
April 4, 2001
Dr. Vince J. Kaminski
Vice-President of Research
Enron Corporation
P. O. Box 1188
Huston, Texas  77251
Vince,
I have cleared my calendar, and I am looking forward to meeting with you
in Houston on May 4th.
Transmitted herewith is the agreement that you requested.
Thanks.  Have a great weekend.
Larry Thorne
Attachments:  Non-Disclosure Agreement
- Non-disclosure Agreement.pdf
BUSINESS HIGHLIGHTS
Enron Industrial Markets
Enron Industrial Markets has recently completed the first transaction for a=20
new 60-day fixed price product for the lumber industry. Available for=20
delivery in Houston and Dallas, the product is offered by Enron in the=20
over-the-counter market and via Clickpaper.com, Enron=01,s Internet-based=20
transaction system dedicated to the forest products industry. The first=20
transaction was completed via Clickpaper.com on March 14 with a major lumber=20
buyer in the southern United States. This represents the first online fixed=20
price transaction contract in the industry. With the growing volatility in=20
the lumber industry, the availability of a long-term fixed price product=20
provides companies with another opportunity to mitigate their exposure.=20
Additionally, this transaction represents the convergence of Enron=01,s=20
increasing involvement in physical lumber transactions with our recognized=20
expertise in financial risk management.
In addition, EIM has announced that it has completed its acquisition of the=20
Quebec City, Canada newsprint mill and related assets from Daishowa Forest=20
Products Ltd. In July 2000, Enron purchased Garden State Paper, a recycled=20
newsprint mill located in Garfield, NJ. The acquisition of the Daishowa mill=20
now positions Enron as the seventh largest producer of newsprint in North=20
America. The Daishowa mill in Quebec City will now be called Papiers=20
Stadacona. The new name has great historical significance to the local=20
community in Quebec City. When Jacques Cartier first explored the mouth of=20
the St. Charles River in 1535, the aboriginal people living there referred to=20
the village as Stadacona. This is now the site of modern-day Quebec City.=20
Enron Freight Markets
In March, Enron Freight Markets (EFM) completed the acquisition of Webmodal,=20
Inc to help launch the traditional intermediary transportation business.  EFM=20
also started its spot trading business and completed 981 transactions in its=20
first month.
East Power Origination
On Tuesday, April 3, the St. Lucie County Commission voted 3-2 to approve the=20
Midway Energy Center near Fort Pierce, Florida, which is a 510 megawatt=20
peaking power plant.  Next steps for this facility include receiving a water=20
permit from the South Florida Water Management District and an Environmental=20
Resource Permit (ERP) from the Florida Department of Environmental Protection.
Enron Canada
Ken Lay addressed a breakfast meeting of the Toronto Board of Trade on=20
Wednesday, April 4, as part of the "Power Breakfast Series".  His topic was=20
"Moving Forward with Electricity Deregulation."  Before his speech, the=20
chairman of the Board of Trade commented that "this was the best attendance=20
ever" at one of their breakfast meetings.  After the meeting, Mr. Lay spoke=20
with reporters from Reuters, the Globe and Mail, the National Post, and=20
Report on Business TV emphasizing Enron's commitment to deregulation of the=20
Ontario power market.
IN THE NEWS
JAPAN: Enron presents power plant plan to Japan government
TOKYO, U.S.-based Enron Corp on Wednesday presented plans to build a=20
liquefied natural gas (LNG) fired power plant in northern Japan, aiming to=20
become the first foreign company to build such a plant in Japan. The move=20
brings Enron one step closer to realizing its plan to build a power plant=20
with an initial capacity of two million kilowatts in Aomori prefecture.
"We submitted our basic plan to build the plant to the governor of Aomori=20
prefecture today in line with last November's announcement," Tatsuro Seguchi,=20
president of Enron Corp's Japanese affiliate Encom Corp, told a news=20
conference. "We are aiming to start construction of the plant in 2004 and=20
start operations by 2007 since Japan's power market is one of our highest=20
priorities," he said.    03/28/2001  Reuters English News Service   (C)=20
Reuters Limited 2001.
WELCOME
New Hires
EGM  - Lyelle Bellard, Damian Nelson, Edward Soo, Jonathan Whitehead
EIM   - Elsa Aguilar, Melia Dickson, John Hark, Phaedra Jones, Maricar Jose,=20
Ian McCrory, Mirella Bertrone, Roland Holub, Arthur Miller, Miriam Watson,=20
Richard Albert, Randy Biagini, Thomas Duchnicki, Diego Tabbachino
ENA  - Mitra Mujica, Karen Phillips, Sarah Domonoskie, Kelly Donlevy-Lee
Transfers (to or within)=20
ENA - John Moore, Mitchell Robinson, Larry Valderrama, Holden Salisbury,=20
Grace Rodriguez, Mary Martinez, Dominic Carolan, Kari Oquinn, Katherine=20
Kelly,    David Fuller, Anguel Grigorov, Oren Zimmerman, Chuanli Deng, Glenn=20
Surowiec, Tharsilla Broussard, Geynille Dillingham, Philip Conn, Lola=20
Weller,   Christina Brandli, Noemi Camacho, Randel Young, Ina Rangel
EGM - Shelia Benke, Homer Lin, William McKone, William Berkeland, Valarie=20
Curry, Tomas Tellez
EIM - Allen Ueckert, John W. Jennings, Sarveen Kohli
NUGGETS & NOTES
The next EWS Brown Bag is scheduled for April 19 with Tim Battaglia=20
discussing the steel industry.
LEGAL STUFF
The information contained in this newsletter is confidential and proprietary=20
to Enron Corp. and its subsidiaries.  It is intended for internal use only=20
and should not be disclosed.
Alexander Eydeland
Phone: (678) 579 5129
(404) 307 7119 (cell)
Alexander.Eydeland@mirant.com
Alex,
This is Marek's resume. Look forward tot he dinner
on the 14th of May.
Vince
Good Morning!
Here is the latest draft of your article for the ENSIDE Newsletter.  I have 
forwarded it to the design team and expect them to send me a layout copy 
sometime next week.  We will be able to make any additional changes then. 
Talk to you next week - have a great weekend!
,
Kathie
ERisk ?		www.erisk.com
What's  New at ERisk.com - 06  April 2001
Weekly  Review	This  week's economic, banking and P_insurance news, from an 
enterprise  risk management perspective. Read it here 	
Analysis	
? How the New Economy aided and abetted the economic  downturn
? State or federal regulation? Banks and  insurers slug it out
? Credit risk concentration hits the  interest-rate swaps market 
Feature	Why do some ART products fare better than others? Credit  insurance, 
for example, has taken off while the securitisation of catastrophe  risk has 
struggled. In this feature,  Sanford Bernstein analysts Todd Bault and 
Timothy Connor suggest that the  secret of success lies in matching different 
kinds of risk to their appropriate  owners - and that insurers' expertise in 
handling basis risk makes this a  potentially lucrative market. Also still 
available: Penny Cagan on  Basle's treatment of operational risk.
iConference 	Looking for an overview of economic capital? Attend our iConference 
"Practical Considerations  in Measuring Economic Capital" on April 11. Read  
more about it and  register for the iConference. 
Still available: Slides and a summary of the  Credit Derivatives iConference. 
Links	Need to find educational material  on the Web? Looking for a software 
vendor, a regulator or an exchange? Find  hundreds of links to other risk 
management sites and resources in our Links  section
The  ERisk Essentials is published every Friday by ERisk.com 		To subscribe to this newsletter, please register  on our website. 
To unsubscribe, access your  account. Your username is the email address 
where you received this  message.
To be reminded of your password, or to reset it, follow this  link. 
Scott,
Thanks. My HR people should we get in touch with you.
We gave them the names of candidates we are interested in and
they will send the others to the IT group for consideration.
Vince
This guy lives in Houston.
?
Thanks, Scott
Focus Capital Markets
71 Vanderbilt Avenue
Suite 200
New York, NY  10017
(212) 986-3344 Tele
(212) 986-3370 Fax
- FOCUS JAY DAVE.Doc
Cathy,
I got them.  Thanks.
Vince
Hi Vince -
I am happy to send to you the tickets for April 20th and 27th.  They will be 
delivered to you today by our clerk.
Thanks.
Cathy Phillips
X-36898
Vince J Kaminski
04/04/2001 03:42 PM
Cathy,
Thanks.  In order of priority: Fridays (20, 27),  Apr 25, 24,23.
Vince
How about two games?  Just select a couple of dates and I will have the 
tickets delivered to you.  The dates that are still available are as follows:
Friday, April 20  St. Louis
Monday, April 23 Atlanta
Tuesday, April 24 Atlanta
Wednesday, April 25 Atlanta
Friday, April 27  Florida
Thanks.
Cathy Phillips
X-36898
Vince J Kaminski
04/02/2001 05:43 PM
Cathy,
Yes, I shall be glad to use a few tickets for my group as a token of 
appreciation.
How many can you spare?
Vince
All of the tickets in the initial time frame have been taken.  The next set 
of tickets I have available are for the series of April 20th - 25th.  Please 
let me know if you are interested in any of the tickets in this series.
Thanks.
Cathy Phillips
X-36898
Vince J Kaminski
03/30/2001 11:25 AM
Cathy,
I shall appreciate 4 tickets, any day. I shall use them internally
as a token of appreciation for the members of my group.
Vince
Astros Tickets Available
Please note that the tickets for the Astros games scheduled for Saturday, 
March 31st, through Sunday, April 8th, (no game on Monday, April 2nd) are 
still available.  Please let me know this morning if you are interested in 
any of the tickets.  Thank you.
As Mike mentioned at the staff meeting yesterday, Enron Global Markets has 
season tickets for the Houston Astros for the 2001 season which begins this 
Friday, March 30th, with an exhibition game against Boston.  Exhibition games 
are also scheduled for Saturday, March 31st, and Sunday, April 1st.  The 
regular season opening game will be on Tuesday, April 3rd.
We have four seats in section 116, row 33, seats 20 - 23.  The seats are 
located in the dugout section between home plate and the visitor's dugout.
The tickets are available on a first come, first serve basis with preference 
given for customer entertainment if more than one request is received for the 
same game.  Please contact me at X-36898 or via e-mail at 
cathy.phillips@ to request tickets.  In addition, copies of the 
Astros 2001 Season Schedule are available upon request.
Please let me know if you have any questions.  Thank you.
Cathy Phillips
X-36898
EB 3327
Vince, 
I just got this from Steve.  It is his latest version.
Sam
Steve Bigalow
04/06/2001 01:51 PM
Anita,
Mu organizer seems to be tied up (not responding).
Please, see if you have access to it.
Vince
Anita DuPont@
04/06/2001 01:56 PM
Richard Jones cannot meet at 9:00 AM on Wednesday, April 11.  He would like 
the meeting to be Tuesday, April 10 from 2:00 PM to 3:00 PM.  Please advise 
me of your availability.  Thanks.  Anita
Anita DuPont
04/06/2001 12:04 PM
I am trying to reschedule this meeting for Wednesday, April 11, 2001 from 
9:00 AM to 10:00 AM in EB 19C2.  Please let me know your availability Thanks.  Anita
A quick  update on the status of Sandeep Kohli.
He is working currently in my group. He is available on a very short notice 
to help you with
any quantitative modeling  that can be required in making decisions regarding
our DPC strategy. In case you need his help, he can also rely on the support 
of other members of my group with skills in different areas.
Vince Kaminski
Mike 
FYI
Vince
Vince,
I just wanted to follow-up with you regarding the action items that were 
taken away from yesterday's meeting with you, Mike Roberts, Norma, and myself.
1)  Tony Hamilton
As you know Tony's official start date was March 12, 2001, and he has yet to 
receive a paycheck.  London's pay cycles are different than ours however, and 
they only get paid on the 20th of each month.  Tony did not receive a 
paycheck on March 20th because all of his new hire information has to be put 
into SAP (the payroll system) by the first of the month for the employee to 
receive a check on the 20th.  Consequently, Tony will not receive his first 
paycheck until April 20th.  If you would like for me to try and work with the 
London office however and try to get him a paycheck quicker than that, please 
let me know.
2)  Joe Carson
From what I am able to gather, Gary Hickerson did make Joe Carson an offer 
that consisted of a one-year contract.  However, Gary is out of town until 
Monday, and no one is sure of the specifics of the deal.  Would you like me 
to contace Joe to find out the specifics, or would it be more acceptable for 
me to wait until Gary returns so that I can get all of the facts.
I look forward to working with you.
Thanks,
Anne Labbe'
Shirley,
He will have to pay the rent.
Vince
Shirley Crenshaw
04/05/2001 03:49 PM
Vince:
Molly called me today and Bhala wants us to get him an apartment for the
summer.  Will this be charged to our cost center or does he pay the rent
on this?
Please let me know as soon as possible.
Thanks!
Shirley
Stinson Gibner
03/19/2001 01:14 PM
Shirley,
FYI -- Bhala is planning to start 5/28
--Stinson
Stinson:   Just a friendly reminder about the job description for Bhala.  He 
called us today, and is becoming somewhat apprehensive about time.   He said 
that you need only provide 3-4 lines of a job description, and that it's not 
necessary to go into any real depth.   Bhala also wanted to confirm a start 
date of 5/28/01 so that he can give notice at his apartment.
Thanks,
Molly 
x34804
Ken,
I may miss this meeting. Go ahead with the meeting anyway. I shall join you 
in progress. Christie is coming
at 1:30 to meet the students and talk to me. I can talk to her for a few 
minutes and then
we can meet the team around 2:00.
Vince
Kenneth Parkhill@
04/05/2001 05:47 PM
fyi
Tomorrow, Friday, at 1:00, I've scheduled a meeting for you with Dan Diamond, 
manager of e-commerce in EOL.  Please let me know if this time is bad for 
you.  see you tomorrow
ken
Hi Vince,
?
I'm sorry you weren't around in Sydney this week.  You missed a very good 
book launch party that John Martin organised here for us.  Paul made a short 
speech in which he relayed some great comments which he said  came from?you thanks very much!
?
Please find attached the next EPRM article. Its not  really tided up fully 
from our end yet, but I wanted to send it off before the  weekend in case you 
got chance to look at it. Because of the Easter break Robin  is after it by 
Thursday of next week.
?
.
?
Chris.
?
- EPRM_10_fwd_curve_simulation.doc
Martin,
Let me read it Friday. We run our papers by our PR
department to review for any potential conflict with the company line.
I shall fwd it to them.
I think you should submit it as an Enron employee with a note
that it was developed when you were at UT.
Vince
My supervising professors from UT and I are finishing a paper (finally!) that 
is based on work done for my PhD.  All of the research was done while I was a 
grad student.  I have a couple of questions regarding submission of this 
paper (to IEEE Transactions on Power Systems).
1.  Should I submit it with my affiliation as The University of Texas at 
Austin or as Enron (ENA, Corp, etc)?
2.  What legal or other reviews/clearances would I need?
A draft of the paper for your review is attached.
Thanks,
Martin
Bryan Seyfried
03/30/2001 10:08 AM
Martin McDermott
23/03/2001 18:47
John, 
I haven't had much time to put something together on this issue Fundamentally both instruments represent the same credit risk, i.e. same 
credit events and contingent payments, both represent senior unsecured credit 
risk.  The differences in pricing therefore arise purely from supply and 
demand.  One would expect generally that the asset swap would be lower than 
the CDS because of liquidity:  there are only so many bonds out there, and so 
demand for Asset swaps is limited.  I am attaching a one page note by JP 
morgan where they claim that one of the principal reasons for the CDS to be 
more expensive is people hedging convertible bonds by combining  (1) a call 
option on the equity and (2) a CDS.  If the call is cheap they will be 
willing to pay more for the CDS, driving the price up.  I'll try to 
synthesize something more complete next week.
Cheers
Martin
Bryan Seyfried
03/30/2001 10:08 AM
Martin McDermott
23/03/2001 18:47
John, 
I haven't had much time to put something together on this issue Fundamentally both instruments represent the same credit risk, i.e. same 
credit events and contingent payments, both represent senior unsecured credit 
risk.  The differences in pricing therefore arise purely from supply and 
demand.  One would expect generally that the asset swap would be lower than 
the CDS because of liquidity:  there are only so many bonds out there, and so 
demand for Asset swaps is limited.  I am attaching a one page note by JP 
morgan where they claim that one of the principal reasons for the CDS to be 
more expensive is people hedging convertible bonds by combining  (1) a call 
option on the equity and (2) a CDS.  If the call is cheap they will be 
willing to pay more for the CDS, driving the price up.  I'll try to 
synthesize something more complete next week.
Cheers
Martin
Chris,
E hired Tony to support Global Markets but Jeff Shankman decided that, given
highly specialized nature of his work it makes sense to put him in the
Research Group, with a dotted line to Mike Roberts who is running our weather 
group.
Given that his work will directly and exclusively benefit GM, it makes sense 
for Research to charge his expenses
to Global Markets. We can adjust allocations to reflect his contributions to 
different sub-units of GM.
Tony spent the last few weeks in Houston training for his position in London 
with Mike Roberts.
We are very excited about the prospect of working with him.
Vince
Chris Mahoney
04/05/2001 03:56 AM
Tony was hired to work for Global Markets.   Think costs should be assigned 
to Vince or Mark but if you
believe those costs should be for my group let me know. 
Tani Nath
05/04/2001 09:33
I now have Tony on one of my RCs (research).  I understand he will be doing 
weather forecasts for some or all of you, and that he has a desk allocated in 
Global.  I need to recharge his costs  - can someone please advise the right 
cost centre.
Many thanks,
Tani
Shirley,
Please fix the time with her.
Vince
Thank you Vince.  I look forward to speaking with you tomorrow, and in
meeting you on April 13th!
,
Kate Szablya
Power Brokers, LLC
Energy Search and Recruitment
303-716-2987
303-619-7589 cell
303-716-3426 fax
www.powerbrokersllc.com
Vasant,
We have a coppy of Adobe on the 32nd floor.
Sam  Smith.
Vince
Vasant Shanbhogue
04/04/2001 05:14 PM
Hi Iris,
you can simply save the pdf file in Windows Explorer by using copy and 
paste.  I do not think there is a need to buy Adobe Writer just for this 
purpose --- Adobe Reader is sufficient for almost all our work 
Vasant
Pam,
Another group:
Stuart Hamel
Jed Howard
Brian Nelson
B+
Vince
Pamela Vande Krol Castro  Got them - thank you! - pvc
At 05:21 PM 5/2/01 -0500, you wrote:
Pam,