__________________________________________________
Do You Yahoo!?
Get email at your own domain with Yahoo! Mail.
Just one thing, my first name only has one "t" in it 
Thanks.
Mat
Please take a careful look at the numbers on the phone card and let me know 
if any information is incorrect.  I am trying to get these done soon, so 
please respond to me ASAP. 
Thank you, 
Amanda Huble 
3-4384
Hey, I didn't call you back because of the fuckup that I learned of right 
after you hung up on me.  I'm sorry.
testing 1 2 3.
4069450@archwireless.net
Once again, I was out when you sent me mail.  I went to NYC for a long 
weekend.  Had a great time, but I'm still exhausted.  Hope you're having a 
great time in Utah.  If you get back before the weekend, drop me an email 
Mat  
agoldberg@compubank.com on 03/09/2001 02:16:13 PM
Hey Mat- hope you enjoyed your time off.  I'm heading to Utah for some
skiing next week for a little break myself.  Anything going on tonight?
Anna Goldberg
Legal Affairs and Business Development
CompuBank, N.A.
(713)479-1058-phone
(713)479-1052-fax
agoldberg@compubank.com
Hey Anna,
Sorry, I took awhile getting back to you....I took the week off 
Ya, we tried meeting up, but I guess you guys must have left before we got
there.  Our dinner at Sambuca's took quite awhile, I think we made it to
Deans around 12:30 or so.  We checked there and the Hub, but no luck.  Hope
you guys had a good time, and I'm always up for another night out.
Mat
agoldberg@compubank.com on 02/22/2001 11:11:47 AM
Matt- I don't know if you remember me, but we met at Jennifer's party at
the
Black Lab.  Thought we were meeting up with y'all last Sat, night, but I
guess we missed each other.  Maybe we can try it again sometime soon.  Hope
you had a fun night without us 
anna
Anna Goldberg
Legal Affairs and Business Development
CompuBank, N.A.
(713)479-1058-phone
(713)479-1052-fax
agoldberg@compubank.com
Dean's is located on Main between Prairie and Preston.
Hello!  OK, for those of you who can make it (and I hope it will be all of
you), we are going to dinner at El Tiempo downtown (713-221-1695 @ Main &
Prairie) at 7:30 PM.  So, if you can make it to dinner, please come at 7:30
and we will reserve a big table.  If you can't make it to dinner, come to
El Tiempo for a margarita and then we will head over to Dean's after that.
all there!  And please feel free to invite others!  JB
If you need to reach me, my cell phone # is 713-417-8613.
(See attached file: pic13648.pcx)
Chris,
I met with Phillip yesterday, and he had a few more items to add to his list 
of objectives for me.  For your information, the attached table provides the 
additional items.  Please let me know if you have any questions/comments Also, the following e-mail from Mike Grigsby relates to the Socal sendout 
model objective.  Also for your information, I will be running Randy Gay's 
EOL product (Keystone Cash) next week and will be covering for Tori K during 
her maternity leave.  I don't expect these activities to interfere with my 
fundy responsibilities. 
Mat
Mike Grigsby
03/07/2001 08:05 PM
Let's have Matt start on the following:
Database for hourly storage activity on Socal.  Begin forecasting hourly and 
daily activity by backing out receipts, using ISO load actuals and backing 
out real time imports to get in state gen numbers for gas consumption, and 
then using temps to estimate core gas load.  Back testing once he gets 
database created should help him forecast core demand.
Update Socal and PG&E forecast sheets.  Also, break out new gen by EPNG and 
TW pipelines.
Mike
i would love to, except for the fact that I have a 4:30 meeting, because of 
which I had to cancel my flying time!  Call me later.
and by the way, i don't check my email that often, so you might want to try 
my phone or pager 8774892073@pagenetmessage.net in the future.
Mat
wanna sneak outta work early and go get a drink???  It's pretty
outside 
Alexis Salazar
Malcolm Pirnie, Inc.
1700 W. Loop South, Suite 950
Houston, TX 77027
Direct: 713-960-7414
asalazar@pirnie.com
test
thanks.
I have added the pipes that you asked for 
Chris,
This spread sheet contains the new WIC meters, as discussed.  I also 
discovered that there are about 200 meters we current get manually for CIG 
that also need to be added to the database.  They are included in the 
attached file on separate sheets.  Meters already existing in the database 
are not included for either pipe.  Can you please dump these into the 
database and set up additional sheets in the Socal manual entry spreadsheet 
for these meters.  Let me know if you have any questions.  Thanks.
Mat
Amanda,
Can you please add this link to the fundy website under the Power tab.  It 
should be called "Proposed Gas Generation Plants".  Thanks.
Mat
Vince
Shirley Crenshaw
04/18/2000 08:00 AM
Vince:
If it is allright, I would like to take two days vacation, Monday and Tuesday
April 24 and 25.
Please let me know.
Thanks!
Pavel,
A follow-up on our discussion concerning the wisdom of IMF recommendations
for Russia.
Vince
VKaminski@aol.com on 04/15/2000 10:14:28 AM
Sound the Alarm
Economist James Stiglitz rips Washington's "market Bolsheviks"
By James North
When the Asian economic crisis started to bite deeply, during the second half
of 1997, Joseph Stiglitz recalls that his children were studying the
Holocaust. Each day, he went off to his job as chief economist and No. 3 man
at the World Bank, where he and his colleagues had come up with a consensus
of how to contain the spreading crisis. Each day, he got increasingly
frustrated as the bank's proposals were overruled by its sister organization,
the International Monetary Fund, influenced strongly by what Stiglitz calls
the IMF's "largest shareholder," the U.S. Treasury Department.
Especially frightening to Stiglitz was the IMF's rescue plan for Indonesia,
East Asia's most populous country after China. The fund directed the
Indonesian government to cut social spending and raise interest rates,
policies designed to draw panicked overseas investors back into the country.
But Stiglitz argued that sudden cuts, particularly in food and kerosene
subsidies, could trigger social unrest in the fragile island nation, and that
the violence might take an ugly ethnic turn. The Chinese minority there had
already started to worry.
"My kids were writing school papers about people who remained silent during
the Holocaust in Europe," Stiglitz remembered recently. "So you ask yourself
the question: 'Do you remain silent and play the system, or do you speak
out?' Why have a job with responsibility if you don't speak out?"
The IMF imposed its plan, and just as Stiglitz and the World Bank had
predicted, ethnic conflict swept across Indonesia, leaving hundreds dead.
By then, however, the economist was speaking out on Indonesia and other
international economic matters -- an action that earned him the enmity of
Lawrence Summers, now Secretary of the Treasury, then in a lesser role at the
agency, and other officials at the Treasury and the IMF. Their hostility, he
asserts, led to his departure from the World Bank earlier this year.
Today, from the outside, Stiglitz is increasing his criticism of the U.S.
Treasury/IMF policy toward Asia, Latin America and Russia, which is still
fundamentally unchanged despite the great scare of 1997-98. Stiglitz himself
may not join the expected protests this week in Washington at the IMF/World
Bank annual meetings. But the intellectual rigor and creativity that has put
him on just about everyone's short list for the Nobel Prize in Economics will
provide powerful support for the critics.
The Malcontent
When Stiglitz left the World Bank, press accounts described him as "a
malcontent," "a great nuisance" and "a scourge of the Washington
establishment." In person, however, he seems pleasant and enthusiastic, not
sour or contentious. Even when asked about his No. 1 opponent, Lawrence
Summers, he was never hostile, maintaining a kind of bemused detachment about
the Treasury Secretary; he chuckled when he recollected how Summers "went
ballistic" after one of his critical speeches.
Joseph Stiglitz's disagreements with the so-called Washington Consensus are
intellectual and not personal. He recognizes that he leans to the liberal
side of the spectrum, but he also insists that his views are not based on
sentiment, but on what he calls "good economic science."
Stiglitz: "Do you remain silent and play the system, or do you speak out?"
Take, for instance, the World Bank's response as the Asian crisis unfolded.
After Thailand's devaluation in July 1997, the Bank started to get data
showing that the country's financial crisis was triggering a depression -- a
severe downturn that would soon spread to Indonesia, South Korea and Hong
Kong. To Stiglitz, who had earlier been chairman of President Clinton's
Council of Economic Advisers, the pattern looked familiar. "I was approaching
it much as I would if I were advising the President of the United States,
recommending stimulatory policies to counter the decline," he remembers.
Instead, the Treasury/IMF in tandem overruled the Bank and did the precise
opposite, directing the beleaguered Asian countries, as a condition for
getting the bailout emergency loans, to raise interest rates and to reduce
government spending, including the all-important food and fuel subsidies.
Today, Stiglitz still cannot hide his astonishment at these contractionary
policies. The Washington Consensus argued that the measures were necessary to
restore overseas investor confidence, stabilize falling exchange rates and
attract capital back into the afflicted countries. But he points out that
their economic models were far too narrow, and therefore doomed to fail.
For example, the Treasury/IMF strategy ignored the potential for
bankruptcies. The sky-high interest rates forced even sound companies in
Thailand and Indonesia to the wall, which wasn't the best way to re-inspire
foreign investors. At the same time, the sharp cuts in government spending
stimulated violence across Indonesia, which did not build confidence
overseas, either.
Stiglitz insists that "these political and social concerns are not outside
the economic model." He knew that over the years, unrest had been frequent in
the developing world following the imposition of austerity plans. Indeed,
austerity-inspired uprisings are routinely called "IMF riots." But when he
raised his doubts, within channels, he says, "It was like hitting your head
against the wall."
Stiglitz has other pungent criticisms of the Washington Consensus:
He questions the Treasury/IMF insistence that emerging nations end
restrictions on capital flows. He points out that vulnerability to hot money
can worsen crises, emphasizing that some countries, such as China, have
achieved significant rates of growth without making their currencies fully
convertible.
He continues to criticize Western policy toward Russia. He argues that the
crash privatization program, in a country with no working democratic, legal
or financial regulatory system, created a corrupt new oligarchy that blocks
economic growth. He is particularly biting about the IMF's 1998 Russian
bailout. "Was this a good investment?" he asks. "You put in $6 billion that enables the oligarchs to take out $6 billion in capital flight the next
day. Clearly the country is worse off, and everybody knew it was going to
happen."
He has strong objections to the IMF's policy of "conditionality" -- of making
loans to countries contingent on far-reaching internal changes. "Of course,
any lender will need evidence the loan can be repaid," he recognizes. "But
the conditionalities the IMF imposes have gone well beyond anything required
for repayment."
Now that Stiglitz is outside the system, he's expanding his critique. He will
divide his time between the Brookings Institution in Washington, teaching at
Stanford and working on a book about his experiences on the inside.
Not surprisingly, he comes down hardest on the U.S. Treasury/IMF
policymakers. They embody what Stiglitz calls "the theory of escalating
commitment." By that he means, "The cost of continuing mistakes is borne by
others, while the cost of admitting mistakes is borne by yourself."
Finally, he asserts, Treasury/IMF bureaucrats are following the dictates of
an ideology, not testing economic models in a scientific way.
Stiglitz uses the term "market Bolsheviks" to describe the advisers who
helped bring Russia to its economic knees in the 1990s -- people who believed
fervently in a rigid fundamentalist doctrine and tried to force an entire
society to conform to it, just as their central planning predecessors had
done back in Lenin's day.
The economist savors one final irony. IMF policy makers never apply their
anti-state orthodoxy to their own organization. "Intellectual consistency,"
he says, "should lead them to ask themselves, 'If we believe that government
bureaucrats are always incompetent, then why are we an exception?
He points out that the spread of democracy, accountability, good governance
and transparency are applauded around the world, at least in theory, and
asks: "Is it right for an international organization to be the instrument of
political change? Those of us who are committed to democracy are very
uncomfortable with a bunch of international bureaucrats playing the role of
God. Sometimes, they may play the role in the right way, but they can also
overturn democratically elected governments."
In a sense, Joseph Stiglitz resembles another economist, who worked for the
British Treasury and attended the 1919 Versailles peace negotiations after
the First World War. John Maynard Keynes was so disturbed at what he saw
there that he resigned his post and wrote The Economic Consequences of the
Peace, an impassioned polemic that eerily predicted that the harsh and
punitive economic settlement the Allies had imposed on Germany would create
terrible unrest and "sow the decay of the whole civilized life of Europe."
"What was great about Keynes was the combination of someone who used analytic
powers but who didn't distance himself from the human cost," Stiglitz
observes. "During the Vietnam War, we tried to distance ourselves by talking
about body counts. In economics, we talk about unemployment rates, so we
don't see the people. The challenge is, how do you remain analytically
honest, but not lose the human dimension?"
Ludmila Kaminski
Escondido Village, 32B
Stanford University, CA 94305
Jarek,
Bardzo ciekawe.
Wicek
Jarek Astramowicz   04/17/2000 10:09 AM
Vicek - sadzilem, ze moze bedziesz chcial to przeczytac.
Pozdrowienia - Jarek
Iona Maclean
2000-04-13 08:23
Please respond to nobody@mail1.djnr.com
Emerging Europe:
Enron Plugs On in Poland
Power Market's Vast Potential Holds Allure, But an Uncertain Future
After Six Years, Profit From Company's Power Operations Remains Years
Away
By Elizabeth Williamson
04/13/2000
The Wall Street Journal Europe
9
NOWA SARZYNA, Poland -- From a small power plant humming among the
birches near the Ukrainian border, Enron Corp. has staked its claim on
the Polish energy market.
Yet after six years, the company is still seeking a mother lode.
The Houston-based energy producer and trader entered Poland in 1994,
nabbed one of the first power-trading licenses to go to a foreign
company and began work on Elektrocieplownie Nowa Sarzyna, Poland's first
new, foreign-operated heat-and-power plant.
Other companies followed, including Electricite de France, RWE AG of
Germany, Vattenfall AB of Sweden and Tractebel SA of Belgium.
The prize could be a rich one. All of these companies hope to profit
as Poland sells its state energy assets and frees prices before joining
the European Union.
A wholesale power bourse is due to open in Warsaw in July. And the
country's transmission links to markets East and West could make Poland
the power-trading hub of Central Europe.
But after six years in Poland, Enron has yet to earn a profit. Net
income from Nowa Sarzyna, which is to begin commercial production later
this month, is at least five years away. Power-trading operations might
generate profits next year, if the new bourse gets moving. But that is
"one big question mark," says Jarek Astramowicz, Enron Poland's
president.
Indeed, despite its promise, Poland's energy sector remains a
sizzling tangle of aging plants, archaic market agreements and complex,
shifting regulations.
Enron, with $40 billion (41.69 billion euros) in annual revenue, is
an innovator and an investment bellwether for its peers. But in a power
market as negatively charged as Poland's, the company also is an example
of how shaky market conditions can keep even the savviest competitors
offline.
"These are very large operations and to some extent they can bear
some risks," says Pawel Kaminski, energy-sector operations officer at
the World Bank in Warsaw. "But eventually they have to generate some
return."
Enron pioneered wholesale gas and electricity trading in the U.S. It
entered Europe in 1989, setting up in London as the U.K.'s energy sector
liberalized. It entered the Nordic market in 1996, and today is the Nord
Pool's largest-volume trader.
Enron says it takes about two years to find a site and obtain permits
for a power plant, and a further 29 months for construction.
Just four years after entering the U.K., Enron finished its
1,875-megawatt Teesside plant. Teesside's capacity and cost, at GBP 795
million (1.32 billion euros), are many times larger than Nowa Sarzyna's.
Yet Teesside was completed in only two-thirds the time. The company
declines to compare development times in various countries.
"I wouldn't necessarily put Poland into the same category as Russia,"
says Philip Davies, regulatory and government-affairs manager at Enron
Europe in London. "But obviously, given Poland's (planned economy) past,
it probably takes a bit longer to work through the regulatory process
and get to the starting point."
At Nowa Sarzyna, it took Enron nearly twice the usual time to reach
the starting point, even though Mr. Astramowicz already knew the site,
and the Polish power industry's rules.
The Nowa Sarzyna plant was Mr. Astramowicz's brainchild, and he
burned out the engine in his first BMW as he traveled between Warsaw and
the town to craft the deal. A freelance energy-sector entrepreneur
before joining Enron, Mr. Astramowicz sold his interest in Nowa Sarzyna
to Enron in 1998.
Enron has spent $132 million to build Nowa Sarzyna, a 116-megawatt,
gas-fired combined heat-and-power plant. Quiet, clean and efficient, the
plant stands in stark contrast to most of Poland's belching, coal-fired
behemoths. When it starts up this month, it will sell its electricity to
the Polish Power Grid, the country's high-voltage network, under a
20-year power-purchase agreement, or PPA, that Enron won in 1997. Steam
output goes to Organika, the chemical company next door, and helps heat
the town of Nowa Sarzyna.
The Nowa Sarzyna plant is more than 80% financed by commercial-bank
loans for which the only collateral is the plant's concluded contracts.
"They were betting on their good name," says Michael Davies, a
partner with Allen & Overy, the Warsaw law firm that advised Enron
Poland's lenders. "They are pushing envelopes all the time."
That is especially true in a market with 30% overcapacity, where an
energy law didn't even exist until 1997.
Says Peter Bisztyga, emerging Europe utilities analyst at Solomon
Smith Barney in London: "Because Enron signed a PPA, they are OK (but) I'm really not sure building Nowa Sarzyna was such a good idea."
Mr. Bisztyga says Enron could have generated a faster return by
renovating an existing power plant. But, he acknowledges, Nowa Sarzyna
"allowed Enron to get into the Polish market early and stamp their name
on it."
In 1994, Polish power plants weren't for sale. Energy asset
privatization, discussed for years, began in earnest only this year. By
2002, the Polish government proposes to sell off stakes in dozens of
power plants, 33 distribution companies and the Polish Power Grid, a
12,000-kilometer national transmission network of high-voltage lines.
The assets have a total book value of 33 billion zlotys (8.4 billion
euros), but murky regulations have driven prices down.
"The regulations don't promote competition and so you don't really
know the price of electricity," says Bengt Wegemo, president of
Vattenfall Poland. Earlier this year, Vattenfall paid $235 million for
55% in Warsaw-based Elektrocieplownie Warszawskie, promising $340
million in investment in the heat-and-power plant over the next 10
years.
Investors hope the new power market will bring clarity over pricing.
Ultimately, 170 licensed energy traders and 200 large power users will
trade on the bourse, setting the wholesale price of electricity. The
Polish bourse will be modeled on its Nordic counterpart. Enron, the Nord
Pool's largest trader, hopes to post Polish trading profits by 2001.
But first, say market experts, Poland's 1997 energy law must be
amended to ease functioning of the bourse, and free up access to
Poland's distribution network.
Further, the government says it must solve the competition problem
posed by the Polish Power Grid's power-purchase agreements, which
account for 70% of energy sales in Poland. Some state-owned plants used
the agreements as collateral to secure modernization financing. When
prices are freed, these plants might go bankrupt if forced to compete
with plants that didn't spend money to modernize.
The government is contemplating a special fund to compensate the
modernized plants for their extra costs. Though Nowa Sarzyna is a
private plant, the price Enron must charge for its power is about twice
what outmoded plants charge.
"We are hoping that continuous, efficient operation of the plant will
generate us a (bigger) profit," Mr. Astramowicz says.
Another problem is cross-border power trading, where contradictory
legislation essentially gives a monopoly to the Polish Power Grid, also
known as PSE. Enron and others protest that PSE shouldn't compete with
electricity-market participants who contract with it for transmission
service.
PSE intends to stay in the trading business, says Marek Zerka, PSE's
vice president. In late March, PSE and local company Kulczyk Holding
signed an agreement with PreussenElektra AG of Germany to export
electricity and coal to EU countries via Germany.
"This is great news," Mr. Astramowicz says. "If this joint venture
gets access to PSE's cross-border transmission capacity . . . I would
expect PSE to confirm open access to all market participants."
Enron and others are pushing hard for that access. "As soon as the
market becomes open, free and non-discriminatory, we will come out at a
decent profit," Mr. Astramowicz says.
Folder Name: Enron in Europe
Relevance Score on Scale of 100: 78
______________________________________________________________________
To review or revise your folder, visit   or 
contact Dow Jones Customer Service by e-mail at custom.news@bis.dowjones.com 
or by phone at 800-369-7466. (Outside the U.S. and Canada, call 609-452-1511 
or contact your local sales representative.)
______________________________________________________________________
The Darden interviews will take place at EB50M04 The Darden Group felt that this conference room was  a more desireable video 
taping location. 
Vasant, Tanya
Any interest?
Vince
Melanie Doyle
03/10/2000 04:33 AM
Hi
This guy  has applied to Credit.com in Houston, I spoke to him yesterday and 
then passed my comments to Bryan Seyfried.  Bryan suggested he may be of 
interest to you.  I let this this guy know that he would hear from us either 
way and if we want to pursue the application we would invite him for 
interviews in Houston. 
Please give me a call if you need more information.
Melanie
00 44 171 783 7740.
Bryan Seyfried
08/03/2000 07:51
Let's start getting these guys in to interview.  Melanie can do initial 
telephone interviews and then coordinate with Brad to ensure we are seeing 
the best people.  I would like to move as quickly as practical.
bs
alexander.c.davidson@us.arthurandersen.com on 03/03/2000 01:55:23 PM
Dear Mr. McSherry:
I   am   responding  to  your  search  for  credit  risk  professionals  on  
the
enroncredit.com   website.   After  working  for  seven  years  on  credit  
risk
management  in  a  research and consulting capacity, I would like to transfer 
my
experience  in  assessing  credit  risk  modeling,  information  technology  
and
methodology  in  complex  top-tier  institutions  to  an  active  credit 
trading
managerial   environment.   I  am  excited  about  being  involved  in  
trading,
origination, risk management and R&D of credit derivatives.
I  have  seven years of experience in credit risk measurement and 
management.  I
have  helped  design,  test  and implement credit value-at-risk systems with 
KMV
Corp  and  with  a  major  Japanese  bank.   I was a major contributor at KMV 
in
designing the Expected Default Frequency model and I am thoroughly familiar 
with
its  assumptions,  strengths,  weaknesses and applications.  I did the 
empirical
research  that  lies  behind the KMV default correlation model, the private 
firm
EDF  model  and  I interfaced with J.P. Morgan (now R.M.G.) personnel during 
the
creation of the CreditMetrics documentation.
I  have  excellent analytical, quantitative, statistical and programming 
skills.
I studied finance extensively when I was a graduate student and I studied 
credit
risk theory while I worked with KMV and Arthur Andersen.  I am eager to join 
the
credit derivative team at Enroncredit.com where I am certain that my 
combination
of   quantitative   research  skills,  credit  risk  consulting  experience  
and
technology   expertise   make  me  uniquely  qualified  to  support  the  
credit
derivatives trading and risk management function.
I  have  included  my  resume  with this e-mail.  Please e-mail me or call me 
at
201-420-0191  (home)  and  212-708-4027  (work)  so  that  we  can  discuss 
this
opportunity further.
(See attached file: Alex.doc)
- Alex.doc
Tanuja Tulsiani   Dear Energy in Europe Congress Delegate
ENERGY IN EUROPE CONGRESS 2000
19th June * 22th June 2000 * Kempinski Hotel , Berlin
I am delighted that you will be joining us to speak at our Energy in 
Europe2000 conference (formally known as Electricity in Europe Congress) and 
enclose copies of the printed brochure for you and your colleagues. I hope 
that you will agree that the programme looks excellent and the response so 
far indicates that the event will be extremely well attended.
I would be grateful if you could just take a moment to look through the items 
we would like from you prior to the conference to help ensure everything runs 
smoothly on the day.
Your Administration/Preparation Details
12 weeks to go!
You will find attached:
? PINK FORM : please tick and fill in and fax back immediately
? HOTEL FORM: please tick and fill in and fax direct to the hotel
? MARKETING.DOC: Information for out marketing department, please fill in and 
send back as soon as possible
Friday 26th May 2000 : A Hard Copy Of Your Documentation
3 weeks to go!
? We would like a hard black & white copy of  your presentation / bullet 
points/copy of slides whichever is best for you, to insert into the delegate 
documentation. We can receive this by post or email if the documents are not 
too complex but we try not to insert fax copies as copy quality is poor. 
(e-mail address - ttulsi@icbi.co.uk).
N.B. Even if you plan to speak off the cuff, we would urge that you submit at 
least an outline of your speech to us for insertion into the delegate pack by 
the above date. The most consistent complaint that we have from delegates is 
that not all speakers offer hard copies of their presentation.
? If you are unable to make this deadline, please could you inform us as 
soon as possible so that we can make alternative arrangements and avoid 
printing delay.
Under separate cover we have arranged for five brochures to be sent to you 
outlining the full programme.  These should arrive very shortly.
Should you have any queries regarding your participation at the conference 
please contact Tanuja Tulsiani, our Logistics  Manager who will be looking 
after the 'domestic' side of the event. You can call her direct on (44) 171 
915 5173 or do contact myself. Thank you once again for joining us and I look 
forward to seeing you in the Berlin.
With kind 
Alexandra Howells
Director
Energy in Europe Congress 2000
- hotel form.doc
- Pink form.doc
- marketing.doc
Shannon,
Thanks for the message. See you soon in Houston. 
Your message serves as a useful reminder.
I have to start work on my presentation.
Vince
Email background - Primary Templete DFW ADDRESSGood Morning Vince,
Hope all is going great with you there.
Today we launched a new version of our web site.   The permanent URL is 
www.RiskLimited.com
My email address remains the same, sburchett@RiskLimited.com
at one of the upcoming Houston conferences.
Cheers,
Shannon
Risk Limited Corporation
Box 612666 Dallas, Texas 75261 USA Tel: 972.245.8300 Fax: 972.245.8318 
www.RiskLimited.com
- att1.htm
Frank,
We shall be glad to meet you in Houston. I am sure that we can find many=20
interesting
topics to discuss
We can pay for your trip to Houston. I shall call you next week to discuss=20
the details.
Vince
Dear Vince,
I very much enjoyed speaking with you at lunch, if only briefly, at the
=01&Finance Festival.=018  We
have more common interests than I realized at first, as I am interested
not only in weather
derivatives, but also in the financial econometrics of risk management,
broadly defined.  And
moreover, business interests have recently led me to focus on electronic
trading and brokerage
issues.  A quick check of my web page will give you a good idea of the
range of my interests; see
The upshot:  It seems to me that we would both benefit from a more
extensive conversation.  I
would be happy to visit you in Houston to learn more about your
operations, and to tell you more
about mine.  Please do let me know if you are interested.
,
Frank Diebold
--
Francis X. Diebold
Armellino Professor of Finance
Stern School of Business
New York University
44 West 4th Street, K-MEC, Suite 9-190
New York, NY 10012-1126
fdiebold@stern.nyu.edu
(212) 998-0799  office telephone
(610) 585-4057  voicemail
(212) 998-0351  fax
Sam,
I shall have it on Monday morning.
Vince
Hello Vince!
I'm working with Michael Sergeev to produce this next issue of the 
newsletter.  Do you have a suggestion for the Kaminski Column on Page One If so, please tell me what you'd like to use and I'll get it ready either 
today or Monday morning.
At some point, when you have a couple of minutes, we should sit down and talk 
about your philosophy regarding the newsletter and what you would like to see 
in the future.  I'd like to get a little creative with it once I know your 
thoughts on this.
,
Sam
p.s. - Note that I am "William Smith" in the Lotus Notes system.  There is 
also a "Will Smith" that works in IT.  We forward each other's mail all the 
time 
SS
Good Afternoon!
Attached, please find the combined interview notes for the first draft of the 
article for the ENSIDE Newsletter. Read and review your sections - they are 
divided by color. Vince, please check 'everything' for content and accuracy Feel free to make corrections and delete anything as you see fit.
Please make changes and then send back to me.  I need it by Wednesday, April 
4,  if possible.
Call me if you have any questions!
Kathie Grabstald
EWS Public Relations
x 3-9610
P.S. I am looking forward to the photo shoot on Friday, March 30 at 2:30 PM. 
I will meet you all in front of the building at the big E !
khazlewo@swbell.net on 04/14/2000 12:19:58 PM
Please respond to khazlewo@swbell.net
The difference is $4,391. You can send more if you would like to add to
the tax-free money fund.
Thank you
Keith Hazlewood
Edward Jones
P.O. Box 9479
The Woodlands, TX 77387
Scott,
I spoke briefly with Edith Terry from our DC office. There is not a good fit 
for my group
but she could be a great asset for you.
I have her resume in case you are hiring and  would like to take a look at 
her.
Vince
Paula,
Works for me. Maybe we should go out and explore some other options
in the Montrose/Heights area.
Vince
We are lo-o-o-o-ng overdue for a meeting of the round table and it is time to 
work this into our schedules.
Please respond and let me know if Thursday, April 27th will work for 
everyone. I think LaGriglia would be a good place but am open to any and all 
suggestions. 
Thank you
Paula
Harry,
In case you are looking for a secretary, here is one candidate.
Vince
Mark,
Thanks.
Vince
Mark Koenig@
04/14/2000 09:49 AM
Vince - Please ask your associate to contact Laura Valencia in my group - she 
can give you the recent 1Q anaylst slides and the Enron.com year end 
presentation on the web (these two should give you enough for a "basic" ENE 
pitch.  Mark
Vince J Kaminski@ECT
04/14/2000 08:54 AM
Mark,
I want to ask you for a favor.
One of my associates, Stinson Gibner, is making a presentation to the MBA 
students at
Texas A&M University next week.
Do you have a Power Point general presentation about Enron, emphasizing our 
growth,
creativity and employment opportunities? We could use it for presentations
we make on campuses to business and science students. There are many 
presentations available on our Intranet site, but the are outdated.
It was nice meeting you in San Antonio. 
Vince
NETWORK WORLD FUSION FOCUS: DAVE KEARNS on NOVELL NETWARE
Today's Focus: Instant messaging
04/13/00
Dear Wincenty Kaminski,
Today's Focus: Instant messaging
While NetWare has had instant messaging capabilities built in for more
than 10 years, it has never gotten much beyond the basic product first
introduced with NetWare 2.
The product allows a limited message (less than 250 characters) to be
sent from one logged-in user to another on the network, or to a group
of users.
Now, Novell has joined forces with AOL to produce InstantMe - an
instant messaging client for enterprises based on AOL's phenomenally
successful AOL Instant Messenger (AIM) client.
InstantMe uses the Novell Directory Services eDirectory to store
contact information accessed from anywhere on the 'Net with Novell's
DigitalMe identity services platform. With roaming capabilities and
real-time access to contact information, DigitalMe lets users respond
quickly, no matter where they are or what station they're working from.
InstantMe lets users communicate in real-time conversations with
partners, suppliers and clients. It also lets users have conversations
with any other AIM user worldwide (provided both users are logged in to
the service). It also will, I'm sure, lead to more involved discussions
of where to do lunch, rehashes of Sunday's football game and other
so-called "water cooler" chatting, all from the privacy of the user's
desktop. That may or may not be a problem - you will want to formulate
some usage rules before implementing the technology.
Novell plans to release a secure version of InstantMe in the next few
months, which will integrate encryption and digital certificates in a
move to increase trust between two or more parties and ensure integrity
and confidentiality of messages exchanged over the Internet.
Instant messaging should provide a much-needed medium for quick,
perishable communications, such as those requesting time-sensitive
coordination or short-fuse decisions. It's best used where e-mail
would be considered too slow to get the needed response. Generally,
you'd use instant messaging in a situation where today you would use
the telephone. Instant messaging can be even faster than using the
phone when you consider time spent on hold or navigating through
receptionists and secretaries, and it's cheaper than a long-distance
call. Those are competitive advantages, and you should examine this new
technology thoroughly before deciding if it is, or isn't, for you.
InstantMe is a free download that supports Windows 95, Windows 98,
Windows NT and Windows 2000.
To contact Dave Kearns:
FOR RELATED LINKS -- Click here for Network World's home page:
InstantMe, Novell:
BrainShare: Novell announces free instant messaging software, Network
World, 03/28/00
More on Novell's NDS eDirectory, Network World, 12/01/99
Archive of Network World Fusion Focus on Novell NetWare newsletters:
May We Send You a Free Print Subscription?
You've got the technology snapshot of your choice delivered at your
fingertips each day. Now, extend your knowledge by receiving 51 FREE
issues to our print publication. Apply today at
Subscription Services
To subscribe or unsubscribe to any Network World e-mail newsletters,
go to:
To change your email address, go to:
Subscription questions? Contact Customer Service by replying to this
message.
Other Questions/Comments
Have editorial comments? Write Jeff Caruso, Newsletter Editor, at:
For advertising information, write Jamie Kalbach, Account Executive,
at: mailto:jkalbach@nww.com
Network World Fusion is part of IDG.net, the IDG Online Network.
IT All Starts Here:
FYI
Vince
NETWORK WORLD FUSION FOCUS: Whitepaper Download newsletter
04/13/00
Dear Wincenty Kaminski,
LIVE showdown of network industry experts=20
at a FREE webcast!
Completely LIVE and unrehearsed! Join Network World's John Gallant and
leading experts as they take opposing sides to debate hot networking
issues taken from the headlines. Premieres May 5 at 1:00 p.m. ET.
Register now at:
Today's Focus: Whitepaper Download
Welcome back to another exciting issue of Network World=01,s White Paper
Download! Our continuing mission is to provide you with the latest
technology and product information, right from the vendors themselves,
as well as a quick summary and link to the white paper itself.
This week we look at memory definitions, intelligent networks, Windows
2000 certification and Web hosting solutions for e-business. Enjoy!
Crucial Technology
Memory: The Next Generation
Rambus (RDRAM) and DDR (Double Data Rate) SDRAM are two new types of
memory promising to make your computer run faster. They are also the
subject of much debate as industry experts analyze the performance,
cost, and availability of both technologies.
Learn more about the differences between Rambus (RDRAM) and Double Data
Rate (DDR) SDRAM from Crucial Technology. This white paper looks at
how the memory types differ structurally and at performance analysis.
??FORE Systems?The Case for the Intelligent Infrastructure??As networks converge to support voice, video and data applications,?you=01,ll need networks that are intelligent to allow the deployment of?additional bandwidth without increasing administrative costs.?This paper describes an evolutionary approach to managing networks and?establishing an Intelligent Infrastructure capable of supporting?application convergence and increases in capacity without costly?network upgrades 
Microsoft
The Business Value of Certified Applications
For a technology to have maximum value, it must deliver core benefits
to IT and to the organization. Simply put, these core benefits must
make life better and the job easier for IT while lowering the
technology's total cost of ownership (TCO) for the company.
The process of Windows 2000 Certification can help meet both of these
demands. This paper looks at the value and procedures involved of
Windows 2000 certification. It explains the process of certification
and also presents case studies of seven different companies who are
seeking or have received Windows 2000 certification.
??Sprint?EBusiness / Web hosting??You=01,ve gotten your company past the year 2000 bug. Now what? As?businesses move beyond the Industrial Age and into the e-business age,?Web hosting is becoming a core tool for this migration.??This paper explores the issues and advantages of Web hosting, as well?as provides Sprint=01,s answer for a Web hosting solution for your company:?Part 1 --   2 
Editor=01,s Note: Last week=01,s link to Arrowpoint=01,s white paper was broken
for a bit, so if you couldn=01,t get to it here=01,s the updated link and
summary:
Arrowpoint Communications
Web Switching Defined: The Top 12 Benefits of Content
Intelligence
Exponential increases in Web traffic are causing major traffic jams at
the =01&exit ramps=018 to Web servers and caches because today=01,s networking
equipment isn=01,t optimized for Web traffic. Enter Web switches, which
are armed with sophisticated URL load balancing, Network Address
Translation and embedded DNS intelligence capabilities.
??Want more white papers? Visit our Vendor White Paper area of?Network World Fusion 
The white papers in this newsletter are provided by vendors who sponsor
their white papers on the Network World Fusion Web site. If your
company would like to sponsor its white papers on Fusion and in this
newsletter, call Sales Manager Jamie Kalbach at 610-971-1588.
?Subscription Services??To subscribe or unsubscribe to any Network World e-mail newsletter, go?to?  change your e-mail address, go to:?  questions? Contact Customer Service by replying to this?message.??Other questions/comments??Have editorial comments? Write Keith Shaw at kshaw@nww.com??Network World Fusion is part of IDG.net, the IDG Online Network.?IT All Starts Here:?  Network World, Inc., 2000?
Vicky,
My affiliation is Enron Corp. My assistant, Shirley Crenshaw, will send you 
an updated version of my bio.
Here are the bullet points:
PRACTICAL TECHNIQUES TO PRICE EXOTIC ENERGY  OPTIONS
Definition of an exotic option
- pay-off profile
- price process assumptions
- different sources of risk
Different types of exotic options used in the energy industry
- Asian options
- spread options
- basket options
- swing options
Evaluating methodologies for pricing  exotics
???  - assessing the pros and cons  of different techniques
- approximations of closed-form formulas
- Monte Carlo techniques
- trees
- numerical solutions of PDEs
???  - applying multi-factor models  to price exotic energy derivatives
???  - building trees for pricing  and hedging exotics
Practical examples
?
ANALYSING APPROACHES TO WEATHER DERIVATIVES  VALUATION
?
Definition of a weather derivative
Why does energy industry need weather derivatives?
- hedging volume/price  risk as opposed to hedging exclusively price risk
- the energy industry's exposure to weather: numerical estimates
Different types of weather derivatives used in the energy industry
???  - heating and cooling degree day  swaps and options
???  - precipitation contracts
- hurricane contracts
- financial options contingent on weather
- digital options
Valuation controversy: actuarial valuation vs. valuation based on the 
Black-Scholes paradigm
Use of Monte Carlo techniques in valuation of weather derivatives
Valuing long term transactions
Practical example
Please, feel free to edit my bullet points to improve my English.
It was a  pleasure working with you and I hope our roads will cross at some 
point.
The best of luck to you.
Vince
Dear Vince,
?
I just wondered whether you have had chance to  look at your bullet points 
and bio for the maths course. If so please could  could email them to me as 
soon as possible. Could you also let me know whether  your company 
4.stm
Dear Vince,
?
I just wondered whether you have had chance to  look at your bullet points 
and bio for the maths course. If so please could  could email them to me as 
soon as possible. Could you also let me know whether  your company 
Shirely,
Please, send the bio.
Vince
Dear Vince,
?
I just wondered whether you have had chance to  look at your bullet points 
and bio for the maths course. If so please could  could email them to me as 
soon as possible. Could you also let me know whether  your company 
3.stm
Dear Vince,
I hope you're doing weel.  Have you heard any feedback about our research
from your colleagues? Please let me know whom I may contact: that will save
you from forwarding our reports to them daily.  I look forward to your
reply.
As usual, attached are today's issues of our daily morning faxes:
1. Financial Markets Today - FX majors and key bond markets' analyses.
2. Fixed Income Today - US treasuries, agencies, and corporates' analyses.
,
Vadim Pokhlebkin
Account Manager
vpokhlebkin@ideaglobal.com
tel. 1 (212) 571 4332
fax  1 (212) 571 4334
IDEAglobal.com
140 Broadway, 21st Floor
New York, NY 10005, USA
Any views expressed in this message are those of the individual sender,
except where the sender specifically states them to be the views of
IDEAglobal.com. This email, its content and any files transmitted with it
are intended solely for the addressee(s) and may be legally privileged
and/or confidential. Access by any other party is unauthorized without the
express written permission of the sender. If you have received this email in
error you may not copy or use the contents, attachments or information in
any way. Please destroy it and contact the sender via the IDEAglobal.com
switchboard in one of the following three offices: New York +1 212 571 4332;
London +44 171 430 2888; Singapore +65 332 0700
- FMT0413A.pdf
- FIT1304A.pdf
Jana,
We should have tomorrow the movie schedule for the weekend.
Saturday around 5:00 p.m. would work for me.
Vince
Jlpnymex@aol.com on 04/13/2000 09:49:11 AM
Vince
Let's talk tomorrow and see what time that movie starts and when we should
meet, ok?
jana
Britta,
Thanks for your message.
I have several commitments at the time of the conference=20
and have to decline with regret.
Vince
Dear Mr. Kaminsky,
As I mentioned on your voice mail, Infocast is going to host an =01&Valuing
Electric Power Assets and Companies: A Real Options Perspective=018 conference
to be held on July 31- August 2, 2000, in Chicago, IL - I would like to
explore your or your organization's possible participation at this event
with you.  This conference has been designed to bring together industry
professionals, like you, to provide the latest details on a "Real Options"
approach to electric power asset valuation.
I have attached a draft program outline for your review.  If you or someone
else at your company is interested in presenting on one of the topics please
let me know.
I truly appreciate your taking the time to review the conference schedule
and hope that you will consider participating.  I am running behind schedule
in finalizing this program.  I will call you on tomorrow to follow up with
you on this invitation.  In the meantime, if you have any questions or
suggestions, please do not hesitate to contact me at (818) 888-4445, ext.
30.  I hope you can join us for this event.
Sincerely,
Britta Bothe
INFOCAST
Conference Manager
- EA&CV, Program Outline, Scenario 1.doc
Joe,
Let's talk about it.
Vince
Joseph Hrgovcic
04/12/2000 06:05 PM
Vince,
According to Geoff Considine, of Stratus Consulting, Gary Dorris of Aquila 
has spoken with you at some lenght regarding Stratus' egergy analytics. What 
is your opinion of them. Geoff is possibly coming in this week to give the 
weather derivatives group a pitch for their services.
Joe
Dave,
Thanks for the message. I don't think we need more time.
Vince
David Gorte
04/12/2000 06:47 PM
Vince,
I can do 9:30, but only for one half hour.  Please let me know if this works 
for you.
,
Dave
Joe,
This is a message from the Japanese guy interested in energy risk management.
Please, let me know if you want somebody from your organization at the 
meeting. He will be here
next Monday at 3:00 p.m.
Vince
Masayuki Fujita  Professor Vincent Kaminski
Vice President of Research
Enron Corp.
Dear Professor Kaminski
I , Masayuki Fujita was the only Japanese attendee of the Energy 
Derivatives seminar
in Houston last December and a member of Japanese consultation firm: 
Mitsubishi Research
Institute, Inc. I would be very honored if you can meet with me 17 or 18 
April after
attending Energy Trading Summit in 12th-14th. As you know, Japanese 
electricity trading is
on the way of deregulation beneficial to the consumers from a long stage of 
the nine major
companies' regional monopoly. We are giving a hand to help the Ministry and 
industry to
find the right course of them. I and my colleague Yamada, who will attend Risk
Publications Monte Calro seminar in Four Seasons Hotel, would like to visit 
you and your
company for studying the sophisticated risk management at Enron. In return, 
we may give
you the information about recent institutional progress and major electricity 
companies
response in Japan.
We are now personally translating your book "Managing Energy Price Risk" 
second
edition and wondering if you have not given the right to publish in Japanese 
and nay give
us the chance to help you introduce modern technology to manage energy risk 
in the
Japanese energy industry.
I do not hope Japanese English power prevent me to pass my sincerity to 
you and I can
visit you soon.
Masayuki Fujita
Principal Financial Engineer
Financial Technologies Section
Mitsubishi Research Institute, Inc.
3-6 Otemachi 2-chome, Chiyoda-ku
Tokyo 100-8141
Japan
Tel +81-3-3277-0582
Fax +81-3-3277-0521
FYI
Vince
Vince J Kaminski
04/12/2000 05:21 PM
Joe,
OK as long as the number is limited. ,Please, check with Shirley regarding 
lunch.
We are already full in this room.
Vince
Joseph Hrgovcic
04/12/2000 03:33 PM
Vince,
I would like to invite some people from the Weather Derivatives desk to 
attend the lunch, if that's OK. One of them is the Australian weather desk's 
research/data representative, and it would be good if he could become 
familiar with the research group.
Joe
Shirley Crenshaw
04/12/2000 02:30 PM
Hello all:
Yannis Tzamouranis will make a presentation at the Research Group's
Thursday staff meeting (4/13/00) entitled:
"Proposal for a new data visualization project"
It will be in EB 30C1 at 11:30.
.
Shirley Crenshaw
713-853-5290
BUSINESS HIGHLIGHTS
US Natural Gas Teams
The US Natural Gas Marketing Originations Teams have had a successful 1Q=20
2001.  In addition to Mid Market Activity led by Fred Lagrasta, new=20
Origination Desk Heads and Marketing Teams have been set up across the US and=20
are led by the following: West Gas Origination - Barry Tycholiz, Central Gas=20
Origination - Laura Luce, East Gas Origination - Frank Vickers.  These teams=20
have made significant inroads in 2001, focusing on Customer Coverage, New=20
Accounts, Transportation Syndication, Risk Management Products and Market=20
Intelligence.  All of these individuals are open to any questions regarding=20
the new businesses.
Siebel Summary
EIM's ability to rapidly transform its designated forest products and steel=20
markets is dependent upon its ability to effectively manage the market=20
participants and accelerate their adoption of EIM's business strategy.  To=20
achieve this objective, EIM will implement Siebel Sales Enterprise, a=20
customer-focused centralized database that effectively leverages all=20
information learned about our customers and enables sharing of this=20
information throughout the front, mid and back offices.  Siebel is designed=20
to help in-house and mobile sales professionals in large organizations manage=20
accounts, contacts, activities and opportunities associated with the sales=20
cycle.  EIM Fundamentals is leading the Siebel implementation effort.
IN THE NEWS
Enron is hosting the New York Energy Risk Management Seminar at the St. Regis=20
Hotel in New York City on April 5, 2001.  Topics include: Power Outlook,=20
Natural Gas Outlook, and Weather Risk Management. To RSVP, contact Laura Pena=20
at x 3-5376.
WELCOME
New Hires
EGM  - Sherman Franzen, Fariba Karimi, Ryan Krogmeier, Lawrence Marcus=20
EIM   - Ronald Barnes, Paul Hanks, Chad Ihrig, Stella Pedroza, Linda Silva
ENA  - Hagar Kedem, Steven Merriss, Courdney Williams, Diane Fellers
Transfers
ENA =01) Tammie Schoppe, Lynna Kacal, Johnna Kokenge, Karen Jones, Stuart=20
Zisman, Anne Labbe
EGM =01) Justin Cornett, George Thomas, Richard Yeboah, Phi Khanh Wolfe, Alan=20
Harvey, Philip Berry, Ethan Schultz, Sanjeev Khanna, Mingcheng Lian=20
NUGGETS & NOTES
"We have to move paper, make money AND move the industry."  -- Rodney=20
Malcolm,  Vice President/Forest Products EIM
Congratulations to Angela and Chris Connelly, manager in Coal Trading. They=20
are the proud parents of Nicholas Connelly, born on March 17 and weighed=20
7lbs.11oz.  (Rumor has it that at 48 hours of age, he had more hair than his=20
father!)
Congratulations to Carmen and Glenn Wright, director in Steel Origination who=20
welcomed little Lauren Nicole born March 12.  She weighed in at 7lbs.13oz.and=20
debuted with a full head of hair and "making lots of noise."=20
LEGAL STUFF
The information contained in this newsletter is confidential and proprietary=20
to Enron Corp. and its subsidiaries.  It is intended for internal use only=20
and should not be disclosed.
Joe,
OK as long as the number is limited. ,Please, check with Shirley regarding 
lunch.
We are already full in this room.
Vince
Joseph Hrgovcic
04/12/2000 03:33 PM
Vince,
I would like to invite some people from the Weather Derivatives desk to 
attend the lunch, if that's OK. One of them is the Australian weather desk's 
research/data representative, and it would be good if he could become 
familiar with the research group.
Joe
Shirley Crenshaw
04/12/2000 02:30 PM
Hello all:
Yannis Tzamouranis will make a presentation at the Research Group's
Thursday staff meeting (4/13/00) entitled:
"Proposal for a new data visualization project"
It will be in EB 30C1 at 11:30.
.
Shirley Crenshaw
713-853-5290
Rita Hartfield@
04/12/2000 10:32 AM
Enron has been given a two week free trail [until 4/25/00] for FT Online The free trial has unlimited users so please feel free to pass this along to 
anyone who may be interested.
Various persons within Enron currently purchase selected hard copies of FT's 
newsletters for 18,331 British pounds.  It would be much more efficient  and 
cheaper if all eleven newsletters [13,617 British pounds for 2 users plus 
incremental costs for each additional user] were purchased on-line and the 
cost shared amoung the users.
Vanessa.Norton@ft.com (Vanessa Norton) on 04/12/2000 03:54:04 AM
Dear Rita
Following our conversation yesterday, I am pleased to offer you two weeks 
trial
access to our 22 online energy newsletters.
The prices for a years subscription to our online newsletters are as follows:
Product   Number of users  Price (for all eleven newsletters together)
Oil Market Report  2    o9,530.00
Aisa Gas Report  3    o11,120.00
UK Gas Report  4    o12,180.00
Power in Aisa   5    o13,240.00 (o900.00 per extra user)
International Coal Report 10    o17,740.00 (o734.00 per extra user)
Power in Latin America 25    o28,750.00 (o544.00 per extra user)
Middle East Energy
European Energy Report
African Energy
Global Private Power
Global Water Report
The prices include a multiple product discount (for example, 2 users for all
eleven newsletters would normally be o13,617.00) and as you will see the price
for extra users decreases by quantity of users to the publications.
Your trial will last until 25/4/00.
Please find enclosed the access codes to FT Energy Online.
Go to www.online.ftenergy.com
Click on login and type in the following:
IU      ENRONT
Password:     ENRONT
The current functionality of the service includes a fully searchable archive
that goes back to the first issue, an advanced full text search, acrobat pdf
files of the printed newsletter that can be downloaded for personal use in its
original printed version and the ability to download tables in CSV format into
Excel files.
Please do not hesitate to contact me if you have any further questions about
the service or wish to have prices for individual publications sent.
I look forward to your comments.
Yours sincerely
Vanessa Norton (+ 44 207 896 2282)
FT Energy Online
* Please visit the web site of the Financial Times at   * This E-Mail is intended for the use of the addressee only and may *
* contain confidential information. If you are not the intended * recipient, you are hereby notified that any use or dissemination * of this communication is strictly prohibited * If you receive this transmission in error, please notify us * immediately then delete this E-Mail   * postmaster@ft.com  
Soto, Milena
P.O. Box 66742
Houston, TX 77266
5100 Westheimer
Houston, TX 77056
Phone: (713) 522 0141
Fax  : (713) 522 2027
Dear Vince,
Once again, sorry to have missed you at your office this morning.  Have you
heard any feedback about our research from your colleagues?  I really hate
to bother you with this.  Please let me know whom I may contact: that will
save you from forwarding our reports to them daily.  I look forward to your
reply.
As usual, attached are today's issues of our daily morning faxes:
1. Financial Markets Today - FX majors and key bond markets' analyses.
2. Fixed Income Today - US treasuries, agencies, and corporates' analyses.
,
Vadim Pokhlebkin
Account Manager
vpokhlebkin@ideaglobal.com
tel. + 1 212 571 4332
fax  + 1 212 571 4334
IDEAglobal.com
140 Broadway, 21st Floor
New York, NY 10005, USA
Any views expressed in this message are those of the individual sender,
except where the sender specifically states them to be the views of
IDEAglobal.com. This email, its content and any files transmitted with it
are intended solely for the addressee(s) and may be legally privileged
and/or confidential. Access by any other party is unauthorized without the
express written permission of the sender. If you have received this email in
error you may not copy or use the contents, attachments or information in
any way. Please destroy it and contact the sender via the IDEAglobal.com
switchboard in one of the following three offices: New York +1 212 571 4332;
London +44 171 430 2888; Singapore +65 332 0700
- FMT0412A.pdf
- FIT1204A.pdf
Please,
Take a look at this candidate.
Vince
Vince -
I work in the Caribbean Structuring Group and previously worked at Entergy 
Power Marketing on the Structuring desk with Gary Zhu.  I am attaching the 
resume of a friend from Entergy who holds a PhD in Operations Research.  He 
is considering a move from Entergy and from speaking with Li Xiao I thought 
that your group might be a good fit for him.  Please call with any questions 
(x 67446).
Vince J Kaminski
03/30/2000 09:02 AM
Sherri,
I can pledge $2 per mile.
Vince
Well, the bike is inspected, a few training rides have been made, and the 
camping gear is being dusted off (yes, he is actually camping at the 
fairgrounds in LaGrange!).  Now all our fearless leader (and incidentally, 
the National Multiple Sclerosis Society's 2000 Man of the Year), Jeff 
Skilling, needs is your help in raising money for MS.
Enron's MS150 Dream Team is bigger than some townships in these parts - over 
350 Enron employees, led by Jeff, will ride from Houston to Austin under the 
Enron Flag April 15-16, and the team's goal is to raise $350,000.  I am 
challenging (is begging a better word?) each of you to pledge a certain 
amount per mile - i.e., $1, $2, $5, it's your call.  I'll even give you a 
break on the calculation and use 150 miles, even though Jeff swears it's 
closer to 170 miles (you know how he is with numbers).  Of course, a flat 
pledge is also appreciated.  And don't forget, Enron will match your pledge 
to this very worthy cause 1-1.
I hope you will join the team and help Enron maintain its status as the top 
money raiser of all MS150 rides in the NATION!  Thank you for your 
consideration.  If you have any questions, please don't hesitate to call me.
Sherri x3-5984
Vince J Kaminski
04/12/2000 10:11 AM
Chris,
We don't have yet any report on Broadband that might help you, developed 
internally
by my group. We are working on a tutorial and we shall send you a copy when
it's ready.
The person who can give you an introduction  to this market is Ravi 
Thuraisingham.
Vince
Chris Holmes@EES
04/05/2000 09:55 PM
Sent by: Chris Holmes@EES
Vince:
I am working now in EES as the Chase National Account manager and  am 
developing new products to sell Chase. One of the products  I am working on 
integrates the provision of broad band with  a  package of   computer 
hardware and software for a company's employees. 
I can explain more if you are interested.
I understand you put together a  report on Broadband which has helped educate 
people as to the technology and economics. Can I get a copy?.
Also do you have any analyses on Chase that might help me  detect other 
opportunities?
Is there anyone on your staff with whom I should talk?
Thanks
Chris
Dear Vince,
?
Further to our telephone conversation, that you  very much for agreeing to 
participate in the financial mathematics training  course. As discussed I 
would be delighted if you could present the following  sessions:
?
PRACTICAL TECHNIQUES TO PRICE EXOTIC ENERGY  OPTIONS
?
Evaluating methodologies for pricing  exotics
??? assessing the pros and cons  of a partial differential equation
??? applying multi-factor models  to price exotic energy derivatives
??? building trees for pricing  and hedging exotics
Pricing
??? Asian options
??? Bermudan and american style  options
??? spread and spark spread  options
??? multi-commodity  options
Practical example:??? pricing  swing options
???????????????????????????????  using Monte Carlo techniques to value swing 
options
Practical example:??? pricing a  multi-commodity option
?
ANALYSING APPROACHES TO WEATHER DERIVATIVES  VALUATION
?
Understanding the mechanics of weather  derivatives
??? heating and cooling degree day  swaps
??? precipitation contracts
Applying probablistic approaches to pricing weather  derivatives
??? stochastics
??? Monte Carlo techniques
Using historical methodologies and Black-Scholes for pricing  weather 
derivatives
Valusing long term transactions
Practical example
?
Please could you let me know by the close of business on  Thursday if you 
would like to make any changes to the bullet points. I have  printed out your 
biography below and please could you also let me know if you  would like to 
make any changes to it.
?
Vince Kaminski, ENRON CAPITAL & TRADE  RESOURCES
Vince Kaminski is Vice President and Head of Research at Enron  Risk 
Chris,
We don't have yet any report on Broadband that might help you, developed 
internally
by my group. We are working on a tutorial and we shall send you a copy when
it's ready.
The person who can give you an introduction  to this market is Ravi 
Thuraisingham.
Vince
Chris Holmes@EES
04/05/2000 09:55 PM
Sent by: Chris Holmes@EES
Vince:
I am working now in EES as the Chase National Account manager and  am 
developing new products to sell Chase. One of the products  I am working on 
integrates the provision of broad band with  a  package of   computer 
hardware and software for a company's employees. 
I can explain more if you are interested.
I understand you put together a  report on Broadband which has helped educate 
people as to the technology and economics. Can I get a copy?.
Also do you have any analyses on Chase that might help me  detect other 
opportunities?
Is there anyone on your staff with whom I should talk?
Thanks
Chris
Drew,
Dale's msg.
Vince
Vince:
Thanks very much for your interest in our MarketPoint product, and thanks
for the hour you gave me this morning.  As promised, I am enclosing our
executive summary and first chapter from our business plan for you to take
forward to your management as a prospective Enron-MarketPoint investment
collaboration.  I want to reiterate that should Enron elect to be the lead
investor here, you will be exclusive in your industry if you want.  If Enron
wants to be the lead and ensure the entire second round of resources we
need, we would not offer and investment opportunity to other trading
companies, pipelines, or electrics until the third or subsequent rounds and
then only with your participation as a MarketPoint board member.  I am aware
you have coinvested with SAP in the past and that you might want to coinvest
with them again.  I presume you would not have a problem with
non-competitors such as EPRI, our management consulting service provider
partner, or our VC partner (but I would want guidance from you in this
arena).  I think you would find our VC partner very suitable and very
attractive.  They have done several interesting energy and trading plays,
and they would provide good management skills I believe.  I hope we can move
forward together.  I am looking forward to a positive response.  Thanks
again and 
Dale Nesbitt
PS:  You might hear from Drew Ries of your Investments group.  I spoke with
him after speaking with you about many of the same issues.
- longexecsum.DOC
Enron Global Markets
All Employee Meeting
Monday, May 7, 2001
3:30 - 4:30 p.m.
Business Meeting
4:30 - 6:00 p.m.
Cocktails and Appetizers
Hyatt Regency Hotel - Houston
Imperial Ballroom
You don't want to miss this!
Julie,
I shall track down Fiona.
She may be on vacation.
Vince
Hi Vince,
?
I sent the attached for Enron's approval to Fiona Grant, but haven't heard  
back.? In the contract that we signed it states that we need to seek  
approval from Enron if we want to use the company name.? Is there someone  
else we should direct these requests?
?
Hope you are well.
?
Julie
?
?
?
Fiona,
?
I've attached a letter that is going to be?sent out to some  universities, 
promoting the Energy Derivative book.? Are we allowed to  mention, "...in 
association with Enron Corp."?? Please see attached.
?
Should we check with you every time we would like to use "Enron Corp." when  
advertising the book?? It will usually follow similar format.
?
Thanks,
Julie
?
Lacima Group
- Covering letter for book brochures.doc
Kevin,
No problem.
Nice thought.
Vince
Kevin G Moore
04/12/2000 07:54 AM
Shirley ,
Check with Vince and see if it's okay to get
a Get Well card for Cindy , Sam's wife.
Thanks
Kevin Moore
Please let me know .
I NEED TO MAIL OUT BY TOMORROW
Steve,
Krishna from my group. Krishna can also advise you on Resco participation.
Vince
Steven R Meyers@EES
04/11/2000 04:51 PM
Vince,
I was not going to be involved directly in the meeting.  Who from either your 
group or from Resco Marketing should participate?
Thanks,
Steve
Vince J Kaminski@ECT
04/11/2000 08:27 AM
Steve,
It makes sense to meet with Abacus. Retail marketing is very data intensive. 
If you set up a meeting with them,
please, let me know. 
Vince
Steven R Meyers@EES
04/11/2000 08:17 AM
Tim,
I hope things are going well in Resco.  I think somebody from Resco (or 
Research) may be interested in the email I received below from Brad Davids Brad is now working at Abacus who works with residential customer patterns as 
well as predictive modelling.  He's going to be here the 25 and 26 of this 
month.  I'm not sure who is responsible for Resco Marketing, but I think they 
would find this interesting.  Who should I send this to?   Please let me know 
if anybody in Resco may have any interest.
Thanks,
Steve
PS:  Vince, simply an FYI since they do focus on modelling and research.
Bradley Davids  Steve:
I'll see if I can get in on the 25th . . . will let you know, but I think
it'll work.
Just to give you a very brief overview so you can think about who might be
interested, Abacus has the largest transactional database of consumer buying
behavior in the world (89 million US households, 3 billion+ purchases),
along with sophisticated modeling capabilities to help predict customer
response to various offers at the household level. Given the critical need
to reduce customer acquisition costs in retail energy markets, we believe
that our data and modeling can help energy retailers target their direct
marketing efforts toward the residential customers most likely to respond to
whatever the offer is--improving the efficiency of mailings and other
promotional campaigns (so there is an efficiency angle, see!)
Because our data allow the modeling of future buying behavior based on
actual purchases, our results tend to be significantly more predictive than
demographic-based models. So far, the the response from utilities and "new
entrants" I've been talking to so far has been quite positive, and we have
some tests of our data underway, but we're interested in talking to as many
players in the market as possible as we develop specific products to meet
utility needs.
I can provide more background if desired to whoever might be interested, but
I guess the key immediate question is whether it might be worthwhile to
arrange a short meeting sometime on the 25th of April with whoever at Enron
might have interest in hearing what we're up to, and (most importantly)
listening to what your data needs might be as you enter new markets.
Thanks very much for any help . . . I look forward to catching up and
hearing how things are going for you.
,
Brad Davids
303-410-5531
It'd be great to meet on the 25th in the afternoon.  I have a flight in the
evening.  I'm interested in hearing about life at abacus.  I too have heard
that Enron is getting back into the residential market.  What type of
database do you have?  I might be able to find somebody for you to talk
with here.
-Steve
Bradley Davids  
Steve:
Sorry we've been unable to hook up . . . I can probably get down there on
the 25th, if you're going to be in town that afternoon? Would love to catch
up--both on how things are going with EES and tell you about my new life.
Also, I'm hearing rumors that Enron is about to get back into the
residential market in a big way--you know anything about that? Anybody I
should talk to there about my huge database of consumer buying behavior?
Thanks--looking forward to connecting . . . I'll be travelling most of this
week, but you can leave a VM and let me know when I can call you, or try me
on the cell at 303-886-3458.
Best,
Brad Davids
Bradley J. Davids
Associate Vice President, Utilities
Abacus Direct, a division of DoubleClick, Inc.
11101 West 120th Avenue
Broomfield, CO  80021  USA
e-mail    brad.davids@abacus-direct.com
tel       303.410.5531
fax       303.410.5300
www.doubleclick.net
www.abacus-direct.com
(See attached file: C.DTF)
FYI
Vince
zkhokher@mail.utexas.edu on 04/11/2000 04:06:46 PM
Vince:
I think full time employment starting in about six months seems to be the
best option.  It is probably best to get my dissertation wrapped up before
taking on additional commitments.
Zeigham
Zeigham,
We discussed two options (not necessarily mutually exclusive):
1. summer internship
2. full employment.
Are you interested exclusively in full employment?
I need the answer ASAP, as we are going to discuss the additional summer
intern positions this afternoon.
Vince
zkhokher@mail.utexas.edu on 04/11/2000 01:06:14 PM
Vince:
It was very nice talking to you at  the Texas Finance Festival and I think
the telecom market that Enron is entering  is very interesting and very
lucrative. I would be very interested in  working in that segment for
Enron.
However, I talked to Sheridan about  this oppurtunity and he said that it
is probably going to be another six months  before I finish my
dissertation. So while I am definitely interested, the  start date will
probably have to be around that time.
At any rate, it was a pleasure meeting you again  and hopefully once I have
defended my dissertation we can discuss  employment oppurtunities in
greater detail.
Zeigham
zkhokher@mail.utexas.edu
512-471-1676
Shirley,
The invoice for papers I have ordered on-line.
Vince
NBER Working Paper Catalog  You have ordered the following papers:
- WP W7613
Foundations of Technical Analysis: Computational Algorithms, Statistical 
Inference, and Empirical Implementation
- WP W6250
Pricing and Hedging Derivative Securities in Incomplete Markets: An 
E-Aritrage Model
The total cost (excluding shipping) is:
$US 10
Shipping address:
If you ordered papers for electronic delivery and experienced problems
downloading them, browse the following URL(s) to download your paper
orders. The URL(s) are valid for 7 days.
If you receive duplicate bills, please send a note to <A
HREF="mailto:orders@nber.org 
Thanks
Vince
Shirley Crenshaw
04/11/2000 12:08 PM
I sent a basket of flowers to Anthony, Mama and the new baby.
Signed: 
Congratulations!
"Vince Kaminski and the Research Group"
Zeigham,
We discussed two options (not necessarily mutually exclusive):
1. summer internship
2. full employment.
Are you interested exclusively in full employment?
I need the answer ASAP, as we are going to discuss the additional summer
intern positions this afternoon.
Vince
zkhokher@mail.utexas.edu on 04/11/2000 01:06:14 PM
Vince:
It was very nice talking to you at  the Texas Finance Festival and I think 
the telecom market that Enron is entering  is very interesting and very 
lucrative.? I would be very interested in  working in that segment for Enron.
?
However, I talked to Sheridan about  this oppurtunity and he said that it is 
probably going to be another six months  before I finish my dissertation.? So 
while I am definitely interested, the  start date will probably have to be 
around that time ?
At any rate, it was a pleasure meeting you again  and hopefully once I have 
defended my dissertation? we can discuss  employment oppurtunities in greater 
detail.
?
?
Zeigham
zkhokher@mail.utexas.edu
512-471-1676
Stinson,
This is the person from UT I mentioned. He is not interested in the summer 
internship.
Vince
zkhokher@mail.utexas.edu on 04/11/2000 01:06:14 PM
Vince:
It was very nice talking to you at  the Texas Finance Festival and I think 
the telecom market that Enron is entering  is very interesting and very 
lucrative.? I would be very interested in  working in that segment for Enron.
?
However, I talked to Sheridan about  this oppurtunity and he said that it is 
probably going to be another six months  before I finish my dissertation.? So 
while I am definitely interested, the  start date will probably have to be 
around that time ?
At any rate, it was a pleasure meeting you again  and hopefully once I have 
defended my dissertation? we can discuss  employment oppurtunities in greater 
detail.
?
?
Zeigham
zkhokher@mail.utexas.edu
512-471-1676
Michael.
Thanks a lot for a very quick response. It looks fine.
Please, forward it to Margaret Carson. Please, explain the data source. She
may expect NYMEX as the data source for natgas and WTI.
Vince
Michael Sergeev
04/11/2000 09:41 AM
Vince, here's the numbers and two charts. the charts represent the same 
information but have different styles. one has all of the prices on the same 
scale, and the other has crude and resid on one scale and natural gas on 
another.
ms
Shirley,
Please, remind me about making arrangements for this trip later this week.
Vince
Vince:  My schedule indicates that should be a good day to be on campus, so
let's plan for it.
Please forward to me those brief topic write-ups you promised so that I can
schedule appropriate faculty to meet with you.
Thanks.
TOM
FYI
Vince
Dear Vince,
Once again, sorry to have missed you at your office this morning.  Have you
heard any feedback about our research from your colleagues?  I really hate
to bother you with this.  Please let me know whom I may contact: that will
save you from forwarding our reports to them daily.
As usual, attached are today's issues of our daily morning faxes:
1. Financial Markets Today - FX majors and key bond markets' analyses.
2. Fixed Income Today - US treasuries, agencies, and corporates' analyses,
,
Vadim Pokhlebkin
Account Manager
vpokhlebkin@ideaglobal.com
tel. + 1 212 571 4332
fax  + 1 212 571 4334
IDEAglobal.com
140 Broadway, 21st Floor
New York, NY 10005, USA
Any views expressed in this message are those of the individual sender,
except where the sender specifically states them to be the views of
IDEAglobal.com. This email, its content and any files transmitted with it
are intended solely for the addressee(s) and may be legally privileged
and/or confidential. Access by any other party is unauthorized without the
express written permission of the sender. If you have received this email in
error you may not copy or use the contents, attachments or information in
any way. Please destroy it and contact the sender via the IDEAglobal.com
switchboard in one of the following three offices: New York +1 212 571 4332;
London +44 171 430 2888; Singapore +65 332 0700
- FMT0411A.pdf
- FIT1104A.pdf
ERisk  
?=09=09www.erisk.com
=09=09What's  New at ERisk.com - 23 March 2001
Weekly  Review=09This week's economic, banking and P_insurance news, from  an=20
enterprise risk management perspective. Read it here =09
=09
Analysis  =09
=09In this week's Analysis:
=09=01=07 Taking the long view on credit risk management
=09=01=07 The risks of cracking down on insurance fraud and =20
=09=01=07 Fannie Mae controversy puts debt benchmark in jeopardy
=09
Feature=09The treatment of operational risk is one of the more controversial, =20
and poorly understood, elements of Basle's proposed revisions to the Capital =20
Accord. In this exclusive  article, Penny Cagan of Zurich Financial Services=20
explains what  the Basle Accord proposals mean for most banks, where there's=20
room for improvement  and how to get started on building an operational risk=20
framework
=09
=09
iConference  Archive =09
=09Couldn't make it to our iConference on Risk Transfer,  featuring Martin Nance=20
of AIG Structured Products and Barry Finkelstein,  Joe Parsons and Chris=20
Crevier of Merrill Lynch? Check out the iConference  Archive later this week=20
to find out what you missed. Still available:  The proceedings of our two=20
recent Basle  iConferences, featuring Bill Treacy of the Federal Reserve=20
Board,  Ashish Dev of Key Bank and Andy Hickman of ERisk
=09
Events =20
Calendar =09Feeling the need to network? Check  out our comprehensive listing of=20
risk management events around the world  in the Events  Calendar
=09=09
=09=09
=09=09
=09=09
=09=09
=09=09The  ERisk Essentials is published every Friday by ERisk.com. =20
=09=09To subscribe to this newsletter, please register  on our website.=20
=09=09To unsubscribe, access your  account. Your username is the email address=20
where you received this  message.
=09=09To be reminded of your password, or to reset it, follow this  link.=20
=09=09
Stinson,
Another possible candidate.
Vince
Vince/Grant,
This gentlemen works for the Enron Global Technology and would like to work 
on something more interesting.  I am forwarding his resume and list of 
publications below.  Thank you.
Shalesh Ganjoo
ptaube@ect.enron.com on 03/27/2000 05:53:43 PM
- Resume_Taube.doc
- publications.doc
Steve,
It makes sense to meet with Abacus. Retail marketing is very data intensive. 
If you set up a meeting with them,
please, let me know. 
Vince
Steven R Meyers@EES
04/11/2000 08:17 AM
Tim,
I hope things are going well in Resco.  I think somebody from Resco (or 
Research) may be interested in the email I received below from Brad Davids Brad is now working at Abacus who works with residential customer patterns as 
well as predictive modelling.  He's going to be here the 25 and 26 of this 
month.  I'm not sure who is responsible for Resco Marketing, but I think they 
would find this interesting.  Who should I send this to?   Please let me know 
if anybody in Resco may have any interest.
Thanks,
Steve
PS:  Vince, simply an FYI since they do focus on modelling and research.
Bradley Davids  Steve:
I'll see if I can get in on the 25th . . . will let you know, but I think
it'll work.
Just to give you a very brief overview so you can think about who might be
interested, Abacus has the largest transactional database of consumer buying
behavior in the world (89 million US households, 3 billion+ purchases),
along with sophisticated modeling capabilities to help predict customer
response to various offers at the household level. Given the critical need
to reduce customer acquisition costs in retail energy markets, we believe
that our data and modeling can help energy retailers target their direct
marketing efforts toward the residential customers most likely to respond to
whatever the offer is--improving the efficiency of mailings and other
promotional campaigns (so there is an efficiency angle, see!)
Because our data allow the modeling of future buying behavior based on
actual purchases, our results tend to be significantly more predictive than
demographic-based models. So far, the the response from utilities and "new
entrants" I've been talking to so far has been quite positive, and we have
some tests of our data underway, but we're interested in talking to as many
players in the market as possible as we develop specific products to meet
utility needs.
I can provide more background if desired to whoever might be interested, but
I guess the key immediate question is whether it might be worthwhile to
arrange a short meeting sometime on the 25th of April with whoever at Enron
might have interest in hearing what we're up to, and (most importantly)
listening to what your data needs might be as you enter new markets.
Thanks very much for any help . . . I look forward to catching up and
hearing how things are going for you.
,
Brad Davids
303-410-5531
It'd be great to meet on the 25th in the afternoon.  I have a flight in the
evening.  I'm interested in hearing about life at abacus.  I too have heard
that Enron is getting back into the residential market.  What type of
database do you have?  I might be able to find somebody for you to talk
with here.
-Steve
Bradley Davids  
Steve:
Sorry we've been unable to hook up . . . I can probably get down there on
the 25th, if you're going to be in town that afternoon? Would love to catch
up--both on how things are going with EES and tell you about my new life.
Also, I'm hearing rumors that Enron is about to get back into the
residential market in a big way--you know anything about that? Anybody I
should talk to there about my huge database of consumer buying behavior?
Thanks--looking forward to connecting . . . I'll be travelling most of this
week, but you can leave a VM and let me know when I can call you, or try me
on the cell at 303-886-3458.
Best,
Brad Davids
Bradley J. Davids
Associate Vice President, Utilities
Abacus Direct, a division of DoubleClick, Inc.
11101 West 120th Avenue
Broomfield, CO  80021  USA
e-mail    brad.davids@abacus-direct.com
tel       303.410.5531
fax       303.410.5300
www.doubleclick.net
www.abacus-direct.com
(See attached file: C.DTF)
Michael,
Can you, please, provide this information.
Let me take a look at it before it's released.
Thanks.
Vince
Margaret Carson@
04/06/2000 04:15 PM
Vince  I  am  doing some  advocacy  for  ENA   to  refute a  law suit  about 
changes in
gas prices  spiking in  New York  in  Dec 1999 -  Jan/Mar 2000  compared  to  
Dec  1998 - Jan/Mar  1999.
For the  December   1998  through  March  2000    16 month  period  can you 
please   have someone in your group
provide me with a set of  avg  monthly prices for WTI  oil  and NY harbor  
resid  vs  Henry Hub  and  NY city gate  avg monthly  prices    during this 
period?  Thanks for helping   us out on this.  Margaret
Jana,
"Cotton Mary" sounds good. It's a film by Ismail Merchant who collaborated
on "A Room with a View", "Howard's View", and other well known movies.
It's a story about two Anglo-Indian sisters.
Vince
Jlpnymex@aol.com on 04/11/2000 08:02:45 AM
Vince,
The Angelika has several movies that would be good.  I am familiar with all
but one--"Cotton Mary."  Do you know anything about it?
If you still haven't seen "American Beauty", that is fine with us.  Just let
me know what sounds good to you. We are  flexible when it comes to movies.
Jana
Shirley,
Can we send flowers?
Vince
Jodi Dziadek
04/10/2000 10:50 AM
There is a new addition to the Dayao Family!? And  yes, it's a boy!
?
Gregory Stefan Dayao was born on April 9 at 12:30 p.m.? (Named  after
one grandfather and same birthday as the other grandfather).? He came  in
a few weeks early weighing in at 6.1 lbs. and is 19 inches long.
Gregory and Mama will be at the Columbia Women's  Hospital for
the next couple of days.
?
Mama, Papa, and big sister Monica are all doing  well.
Below is the address of the hospital.  For your convenience, Bloom's Flowers 
will have all the delivery information (713-784-6796).
Columbia Woman's Hospital-Tx 
Room. 471
7600 Fannin St , Houston 
(713) 790-1234
Shirley Crenshaw
04/06/2000 10:28 AM
Hi Amy:
That is fine, Vince was going to come on the 28th anyway, but he will probably
need to come earlier - please let me know what time you have scheduled
the dinner so I can make his airline reservations 
Thanks!
Shirley
Amy Aldous  Hi Shirley,
I just realized that I goofed on the dinner - it will be held on Sunday,
May 28th instead of the 29th.  Sorry about that!
I hope your day is going well so far.
Amy
At 07:59 AM 4/4/00 -0500, you wrote: