This document summarizes the flow assumptions used in generating the
 receipt and delivery right assignments:
 Bill Healy
 (915) 496-2144
 healyb@epenergy.com
- Outline of Settlement Proposal 6-6-00.doc
- June 12 Proposal  Without J4JB in Mcfd.xls
- Flow Assumptions.ppt
EB3209C
Attached is penalty spreadsheet our Accounting put together.? Let me  know if 
any questions.? Thanks.
Date: Mon, 26 Mar 2001 10:13:03 -0600
- ENRONFEBPENALTY ON TWPL.xls
frott recline is really a foot recline and thanks for keeping me up to date 
with the happenings in your life.
Been pretty busy these last couple of weeks.
Couple of weeks ago I had to go to Los Angeles on short notice.  Accordingly, 
paid full price and got in first class.  It must have been a new plane 
because the first class section was huge.  I sat in a chair that was like a 
lazy boy chair-it had a fott recline and everything.  Also had my own pop up 
TV and could watch  my choice of 4 movies.  It was truly awesome.  Can't 
believe what  a small world it is. Went to lobby to get somebreakfast and 
Patrick Brown was there-ended up having breakfast with him and some ohter 
Sempra folks.Then I had to go to Vegas a couple of weeks ago.  Stayed at the 
new Alladin Hotel.  They upgraded me to a suite.  Another great experience Bathroom was huge.  Big marble shower and  a  big tub that overlooked the 
skyline.  Bedroom area and sitting area were nice too.  Shame I was only 
there one night.
Last week was Gas Fair.  Lots of lunches and dinners. There are a lot of new 
restaurants downtown that we tried out.  Yum-yum. The weather was perfect .  Cheri and I went to the spa and had a relaxing afternoon on the last day She looks great.  She said you saw her picture of Matthew. He's a cutie Parks was a t dinner one night-he hasn't changed-still nice as ever.  Had a 
lot of fun with Frank Fields too- he hasn't changed a bit .David Livingston 
was there.  He works for Cinergy but is doing east coast stuff-thank God Our retail group  just hired Joe Deschamps and Chris Shireman-remember them I bet Joe won't be there by the end of the year-I think he just wanted 
someone to pay for his way back to Houston.  Just found out that Bob Shiring 
went to work for Pan Canadian doing east coast stuff.
Joe's brother was in town this week-end from Montana.  He picked him up in 
San Antonio so we had them all week-end .  Went down to Kemah to watch the 
boats- we went there with Griff that one time.  Boy has it changed.  Tons 
more stuff to do -especially for the kids.
I'm just sick over my tax bill this year.  I exercised a ton of my 
options-and boy am I paying for it.  I was planning on  maybe paying $25000  
but I am having to pay $47000.  Will probably be that way next year too Just sucks that the government takes so much.  I know I'm probably not 
getting much sympathy from you but I can try.
Can't believe there was another shooting in your area last week.  Bet you are 
glad your kids are almost out of school.  Can't understand how these kids 
have access to all of these guns.  It's scary.
Deb and I had lunch with Julia.   She's gone from Enron now.  She did not 
give us any more details about her marriage other than she got married out of 
town and in am place that made it difficult to track marriage l icense.  Her 
family still does not know she is married.  She is being really strange about 
this whole thing. She qwon't acknowledge to anyone that she is married.  I've 
given up on her.  She is almost as strange as you at times.  Luckily I have 
not given up on you .
Going to Grand Cayman Islands on Thursday-plan on feeding the stingrays on 
Friday-will tell you all about it.
Tell me why you are too busy to fill me in on what is happenign in your life.
Hi Robert
"Baird,
03/20/2001
12:19 PM
"Baird,
03/20/2001
12:19 PM
I thought your hair was naturally blonde
I di d not do any deals with Roger for that time frame.  You need to find out 
who he talked to.
he's got your blonde hair
The price in deal manager is correct at minus $1.00
Sound like their is a problem with sitara if it is not calaculating the price 
correctly
Elizabeth L Hernandez
03/14/2001 04:04 PM
Are you in agreement with the demand fee PG&E is charging us.  See e mail 
below from Client Services.
Tenaska is billing us for demand fees on PG&E because we didn't take all the 
gas that we were suppose to.  The amount is $50,382.00.  They have sent me a 
spreadsheet.  If you need me to fax it, please let me know 
Can you also retouch the deal?  The $1 differential is not being calculated 
into the price.
Thanks,
Shielah
DO NOT PAY-THIS WAS THEIR NOMINATION ERROR
 Bass Enterprises Production Co. (Bepco) invites you to bid on the
 following packages of natural gas available for sale for the term April 1,
 2001 through October 31, 2001: