nevermind
sorry about that.  we were running so late and we couldn't find green.  we did turn south and drove around until 12:30 and figured we were too late.  i figured your phone died.  we ended up at memorial and i played like shit.  i was so dead from the night before.  i should have slept all day.  we can tee them up sometime soon.
Monday was a complete wash.  I got there at 12:00 and only 2 others were there.  When I talked to you and you said you were on your way, we hung up and my phone died.  I tried to remember any number I could to try and get a hold of you, but I always use speed dial and don't know any numbers.  Boone has a private number.  I got your message on my voice mail at 12:30, but you didn't leave a number.  I think I know where you guys went wrong with the directions.  I bet you went south on JFK instead of north.  The first light you come to on the north side is Greens.  Then you take a right and it's a 1/4 mile on the right.  We will plan another outing, but at a course you know how to get to.
By the way, I shot a 92.  I was so hung over I was sweating scotch.  I did drive a par 4.  Was about 340 yards (missed the eagle, got the par).
Richard Phillips
Configuration Management
713-345-3519 Octel
713-306-8855 Cell
i think that is a scam to have you send it around
so did a video come up? 
i remember you.  i was pretty drunk though.  hopefully i didn't make too much of an ass out of myself.  we hit it really hard that night for my buddy's birthday.  how was your bachelorette party?  are you back in austin now?
hi matt 
-cori
(hopefully you remeber me)
who sings that song "harley davidson of a bitch"?  i think you said it was elo or something.
Thanks for asking.   Face is fine now.  Graduated today and nobody really noticed.  Did have to use a little make up though.
They looked unbeatable. The Devils looked like shit but if the Avs play like
that, there is no way they will be beat. Tonight will be a big game.
nintendo doesn't count for your handicap.  how about the avs.  that was the
most impressive game they have played all post season.
[mailto:IMCEANOTES-+22Tom+20Lenhart+22+20+3Ctlenhart+40corealty+2Ecom+3E+40E
NRON@]
Sent:   Friday, May 25, 2001 2:34 PM
be ready to lose at golf. I now shoot a 2 handicap.
i booked my flight home on june 30th.  i arrive that afternoon and leave
to houston on the 7th.  so have the frig packed with food and beer and
be ready to golf.  looking foward to getting home.
love matt
I don't usually send things out to all, but I really did get this email and
cracked up when I read the subject line.
We've already paid out over a cool MILLION DOLLARS to WINNERS just like YOU.
Enter the Finest, Highest Paying Casino Online
$25,000 WINNERS are cashing in at our casino DAILY! Grab YOUR share of this
wealth pool and open an account now. We'll bring the finest, most secure,
highest paying casino on the Net right to your desktop.
We deliver the best games, like REAL LAS VEGAS STYLE BLACKJACK plus
Caribbean Stud, Draw Poker and LOTS of the loosest Slot Machines you'll ever
find. You're just a click away from High Paying Winning Action.
FREE $10 SIGN UP for EVERY new player!
<  CLICK HERE To Enter The Casino and Win Big
Now 
3D JAVA & Multi-Player
Play the best online Casino in the world right now.
NO DOWNLOADS necessary.
INSTANT ACCESS
High quality, totally secure and private CASINO FUN, right on your computer
in the comfort and privacy of home.
PLAY WITH A PROVEN GAMING ORGANIZATION.
Your privacy is taken very seriously and is assured.
WIN BIG at our Virtual Tables and Cash Out Instantly!
To be removed please reply with REMOVE in the subject line.
my friends are liars.  this past weekend was an anomaly.  it isn't bad to go out and party like a rock star every now and then.  i will be in austin this saturday night, so maybe we can get together in austin.  we will probably be at it pretty hard again.  i have a friend coming in from new orleans so he will want to hit 6th street 
stop making excuses- your friends all said that you're
always very drunk every weekend. ha.
i'm back in austin.  i did have fun sat.night- it was
worth driving in for:)
i'm about a quart low today; i drove back on sunday &
spent the rest of the weekend on the lake.  i need to
go home.
why are you coming up this weekend again?  for some
reason, i can't remember.
-cori
 i remember you.  i was pretty drunk though.
hopefully i didn't make too
 much of an ass out of myself.  we hit it really hard
that night for my
 buddy's birthday.  how was your bachelorette party?
are you back in
 austin now?