At Age 80.................Success is........Not peeing your pants
Thanks.  As for getting talked into buying all the extras, I'm not as easily 
convinced of things as some people I know ( Cow fingers?).  Halloween at the 
Big E wasn't nearly as fun as I'd hoped...I mean, they keep the candy in 
machines and you have to actually pay for it...that just borders on cruel.
Susan
By the way,  you'll have to question  the college coaches and sports writers 
out there if you have any issues with the rankings.  I am merely the 
messenger.
Deal # Q47477 has been rebooked.
Please rebook to Peoples Gas, Light and Coke.
Thanks
Lesli
Christine and I seem to have gotten Phillips interested in a right to 
terminate if TW's minimum tariff rate ever exceeds the contract rate.  They 
said they would mull it over, at least.
But what they really would prefer to have is a provision in which they would 
get the contract rate no matter what.  Since this would make it a negotiated 
rate deal from day 1, I feel like I need to get your buy-in before we agree 
to it.  Steve has already told me it is OK with him.  Please advise.
Susan M Scott
10/30/2000 11:03 PM
Kyle,
I want you to know how much getting your email today meant to me.  I was 
hoping to be able to respond with the same kind of care and consideration you 
showed, but - as you can see from the time on this email - today has been a 
bit on the rough side.  I will continue my thoughts tomorrow when I have more 
time to gather them, but until then I wanted you to know that I did get the 
email and that it contained quite possibly some of the kindest and most 
touching things ever said to me.  And, please know that you would never, ever 
be put in one of my stalker catagories...you could never be lumped in any 
catagory with the SP's of the world.
Susan
As for the good-bye, I would have to give it high marks as well.
Kyle,
I want you to know how much getting your email today meant to me.  I was 
hoping to be able to respond with the same kind of care and consideration you 
showed, but - as you can see from the time on this email - today has been a 
bit on the rough side.  I will continue my thoughts tomorrow when I have more 
time to gather them, but until then I wanted you to know that I did get the 
email and that it contained quite possibly some of the kindest and most 
touching things ever said to me.  And, please know that you would never, ever 
be put in one of my stalker catagories...you could never be lumped in any 
catagory with the SP's of the world.
Susan
As for the good-bye, I would have to give it high marks as well.
Hey,
Quick question, I was hoping to go get my car detailed this weekend and I 
remembered that you had your truck detailed a while back...I was wondering 
where you had it done and if you thought they did a good job ( I'm assuming 
the place is pretty close to our area of town).  I finally got into the 
parking garage and have decided I now have real incentive to keep my car 
looking nice.
Hope things are well with you.  I talked to Darren last week and it sounds as 
though he is extremely busy these days.  I'm guessing the story's much the 
same with you - a far cry from the listless days you two spent in Net Works Anyway, if you could let me know about the detailing I would appreciate it.
Susan
By the way, since there's no telling if I'll have the opportunity to gloat 
two weeks from now (Tech in Lubbock is never a safe bet) - and while neither 
season has been one for the record books (except of course for our loss to OU 
- one of the worst in history) - I noticed that unlike the Longhorns, your 
beloved Bruins are conspicuously absent from the top 25.  Oh well, c'est la 
vie.
Don't know when you'll get a chance to read this, but I must confess it made 
me a bit teary eyed.  I didn't think he had it in him to be so eloquent.
As for New Year's Eve, I have to say I'm kind of with Kasey.  As much as I'd 
love to see Gary P., I don't really want to risk the drive and I'm guessing 
no one else does either. 
Hope you had a good weekend and I'll talk to you soon.
Sue
Hey, how was the weekend?  Did you at least catch up a little on your rest?
You had one heck of a week but then again I guess that is just old hat for
you.  We had a good time on Saturday.  It is always fun to be on sixth
street close to halloween, even more freaks come out.
OK enough stalling.  I just thought something needed to be said about
wednesday.  We could just go on and act like nothing happened and probably
never see or talk to one another ever again.  I don't like that solution.
My personality is to go with the flow but by doing this you sometimes miss
out on opportunities.  So the traditional me would say it was just one night
and didn't really mean anything, which could possibly be true.  One thing
that I learned from you is that you have to take chances and don't be
intimidated.  You have a very strong personality and I can see where
somebody could easily be intimidated.  Along with that comes someone who is
smart, attractive, outgoing, and somebody who can fit in anywhere, whether
your at the local honky-tonk or at some gala.  The one thing I know about
you is that your going to be successful and I don't mean in the monetary way
because I know that isn't high on the priority list.  I also know that if I
would have never left the company then I probably wouldn't be sitting here
writing this email.
When I was thinking about leaving I didn't think it was going to be that
hard.  I really didn't like the way my life was going and I knew I needed a
change.  Then I sit back and think of all the things I'm going to miss.
People bad talk risk all the time, with the long hours and little respect
you sometimes get it is understandable.  The thing I'm going to miss the
most are all the friendships I have built working in that group.  Sometimes
the toughest times are when you really get to know someone.  But the hardest
thing now is that I will not be around you.  I know that sounds really bad
but the honest truth is I have liked you ever since we started sitting next
to each other.  We had this chemistry and it made the job a little easier
knowing you were there.  I really think the best times I had in Houston were
those couple of weeks we went out after work to have a few drinks.  I also
knew that since we worked together that it probably wasn't the best thing to
get involved.  I really regret that decision right about now.
Alright I guess I have said a lot of sappy stuff and you should know that
I'm not usually like this, which is probably why I didn't call you to share
this info.  I do think some things need to be said or else the other person
will never know.  You are a great person and even though the chips are
stacked against me I needed to let you know this.  I understand that your
under a lot of stress right now and by no means do I want to add on.  The
one thing I wish you would take away from this is that if your 35 and still
looking then you need not look any further.
So I apologize for using this forum to express this I really wanted to talk
to you in person on Friday but I just didn't get a chance much less know
where to start. I hope we stay in touch and if you ever want to go to Gruene
Hall then let me know.  I also don't want to be put in one of your stalker
categories so take this for whatever you want, please don't think of me as
the next SP.
Take care and have a good week.
Kyle
By the way I think that good-bye would have to rank in top of all times, at
least it is number one in my book.
Share information about yourself, create your own public profile at
Hey, how was the weekend?  Did you at least catch up a little on your rest?
You had one heck of a week but then again I guess that is just old hat for
you.  We had a good time on Saturday.  It is always fun to be on sixth
street close to halloween, even more freaks come out.
OK enough stalling.  I just thought something needed to be said about
wednesday.  We could just go on and act like nothing happened and probably
never see or talk to one another ever again.  I don't like that solution.
My personality is to go with the flow but by doing this you sometimes miss
out on opportunities.  So the traditional me would say it was just one night
and didn't really mean anything, which could possibly be true.  One thing
that I learned from you is that you have to take chances and don't be
intimidated.  You have a very strong personality and I can see where
somebody could easily be intimidated.  Along with that comes someone who is
smart, attractive, outgoing, and somebody who can fit in anywhere, whether
your at the local honky-tonk or at some gala.  The one thing I know about
you is that your going to be successful and I don't mean in the monetary way
because I know that isn't high on the priority list.  I also know that if I
would have never left the company then I probably wouldn't be sitting here
writing this email.
When I was thinking about leaving I didn't think it was going to be that
hard.  I really didn't like the way my life was going and I knew I needed a
change.  Then I sit back and think of all the things I'm going to miss.
People bad talk risk all the time, with the long hours and little respect
you sometimes get it is understandable.  The thing I'm going to miss the
most are all the friendships I have built working in that group.  Sometimes
the toughest times are when you really get to know someone.  But the hardest
thing now is that I will not be around you.  I know that sounds really bad
but the honest truth is I have liked you ever since we started sitting next
to each other.  We had this chemistry and it made the job a little easier
knowing you were there.  I really think the best times I had in Houston were
those couple of weeks we went out after work to have a few drinks.  I also
knew that since we worked together that it probably wasn't the best thing to
get involved.  I really regret that decision right about now.
Alright I guess I have said a lot of sappy stuff and you should know that
I'm not usually like this, which is probably why I didn't call you to share
this info.  I do think some things need to be said or else the other person
will never know.  You are a great person and even though the chips are
stacked against me I needed to let you know this.  I understand that your
under a lot of stress right now and by no means do I want to add on.  The
one thing I wish you would take away from this is that if your 35 and still
looking then you need not look any further.
So I apologize for using this forum to express this I really wanted to talk
to you in person on Friday but I just didn't get a chance much less know
where to start. I hope we stay in touch and if you ever want to go to Gruene
Hall then let me know.  I also don't want to be put in one of your stalker
categories so take this for whatever you want, please don't think of me as
the next SP.
Take care and have a good week.
Kyle
By the way I think that good-bye would have to rank in top of all times, at
least it is number one in my book.
Share information about yourself, create your own public profile at
The Post-Ted Susan is out of control.  In less than a week's time I have 
mugged down with 3 guys and have a fourth one emailing me to go out 
sometime.  Funny thing is I'm not really interested in any of them, just 
having fun.  Hope all well with you.
Susan
No need to apologize for keeping me out Wednesday night, it was probably more 
a case of me keeping myself out (I have been known to do that on occasion I'm sorry I didn't return your call yesterday, but I had a pretty crazy day 
here and that mixed with me only running on about two cylinders effectively 
cut me off from the outside world.  As for being upset about anything, don't 
worry I'm not.  You know me well enough to know that my actions are my own I'm not sure if I'm going to stay in Austin Saturday night or not, but in 
case I do my cell # is 281-844-0866 
Susan
I'll see you at Purvi's happy hour if you end up going.
No need to apologize for keeping me out Wednesday night, it was probably more 
a case of me keeping myself out (I have been known to do that on occasion I'm sorry I didn't return your call yesterday, but I had a pretty crazy day 
here and that mixed with me only running on about two cylinders effectively 
cut me off from the outside world.  As for being upset about anything, don't 
worry I'm not.  You know me well enough to know that my actions are my own I'm not sure if I'm going to stay in Austin Saturday night or not, but in 
case I do my cell # is 281-844-0866 
Susan
I'll see you at Purvi's happy hour if you end up going.
Since you may or may not return my call I thought I would shoot you an
email.  I'm sorry for keeping you out soo late on Wednesday and anything
else that you may be upset about.  Anyway I will be in Austin on Saturday
night and was hoping we could meet up.  The only thing is I have no way of
getting a hold of you.  So, here is my cell number and I should at least
have this until the end of November:  281-216-5005.  I already got Vic's and
Trey's number so maybe we can all hook up on sixth street.  You can always
respond to this or give me a call with your number.  I may swing by Purvi's
happy hour tonight so maybe I'll 
Kyle
By the way I have never been married and I'm not 28 yet.
Share information about yourself, create your own public profile at
So....Can you cover me for one night next week?
I could be back the next morning by 8:00 am.
Hi Susan!
Your name has been mentioned for another UT recruiting opportunity.  Brent 
Price and Rick Causey are going up next week and would like to know can you 
accompany them.  Please give Brent's assistant Chatelle Villanueva a buzz 36279 for the details.  Hope you can make it!
Thanks,
Donna
x33175
Here's the summary we sent you before, with new reference to Hector in 
redlining.  Call Jeff (713-853-1521) or me (713-853-0596) if you have 
questions 
It's muster - to pass inspection...(how does mustard make sense?  It's not 
like the Grey Poupon commercials.)
Main Entry: 1mus?ter
Pronunciation: 'm&s-t&r
Function: noun
Etymology: Middle English mustre, from Middle French 
mostre,
monstre, from monstrer
Date: 14th century
1 : a representative specimen : SAMPLE
2 a : an act of assembling; specifically : formal 
military inspection b :
critical examination c : an assembled group : COLLECTION 
d :
INVENTORY 
Get some rest, it's probably pretty easy to catch a cold with the damp, cold 
weather there.
Susan
I don't want to stop being nice, but I think it gets me into trouble.
Darren Maloney@
10/25/2000 11:48 AM
I really miss football--I'm jealous for that.  Is is pass mustard or muster You're right--tough cookie, who deserves a good man.  I'll screen for you 20 questions on short call as needed (provided that the info from friends 
thing didn't apply to me....).  Actually I was just developing a social 
circle there and whammo....I'm here.  I figure I'm here to kick some tail and 
worry about the social element later.  Don't get me wrong, I am drinking on 
the w/e's.  Unfortunately I am not meeting the TX & CA women type.  I got no 
Euro-rap 
Been talking to Wilson?  I have been AOL-IMing him.  He seems okay as 
usual--women the same, work on the up with a new boss.  That's all for now Getting sick.  Think I will go home early tonight (relative).  Talk to you 
soon 
--Darren
Your welcome 
As for myself, I'm doing pretty good these days.  I've been up in Austin 
practically every weekend for the games and have actually been managing to go 
out a bit more here in Houston during the week in an effort to become social 
again.  There isn't too much new in Tejas...the weather's still warm and a 
bit on the muggy side, but what can you expect it's only almost November Today is Wednesday, so of course Steak Night is on the agenda for this 
evening.  Actually, the guy who trained me for my current job is leaving 
Enron and his happy hour just happens to be at Little Woodrow's tonight - how 
convenient.  On the man front, I've put myself back out on the "market" so to 
speak and have a couple of pursuant suitors right now (although, I don't know 
that in the end any of them will pass muster).  Unfortunately for them I am 
somewhat sceptical of guys in general these days (especially ones that I 
can't get background information on through friends), but I'm trying not to 
let that color my opinion too much.  Not to worry about your former neighbor 
either, I haven't seen or talked to him in a couple of weeks and that's okay 
with me.
Drop me a line when you get the chance,
Susan
Darren Maloney@
10/25/2000 10:55 AM
Thanks for the update.  I worked for Jay but wrote the whole thing myself 
(50pgs on Grains How are you?  What's new in Tejas?  What's up on the man front?(--no not my 
old neighbor)
I'll write a bit more soon.  I've been jammed lately and unfortunately it is 
not getting any better.
:)  Thanks for the note.  Looking forward to coming back and having a cold 
one in TX.  I'll buy 
you one!  Silk of the warm ones here 
Hey Darren,
Just thought I'd let you know that Billy Lemmons mentioned you by name in one 
of the Analyst/Associate brown bag lunches.  He was talking about the Ag 
Trading initiative and who spear-headed the effort (I think the other guy he 
mentioned was Jay Fitzgerald).  Anyway, thought you'd like to now you're 
definitely making a name for yourself around here.  Hope things are going 
well with you.
Talk to you soon,
Susan
I believe this email was intended for you.
FYI.  For meeting with PG&E (which is Tues., Oct. 31, from 10 am-Noon (PDT) 
in Enron's SF offices.
Best,
Jeff
"Bellenger, Geoffrey"  	10/23/2000 06:42 PM
Jeff
Ray Williams relayed to me that you would like to sign the Rule 51 agreement
so you can get our prior Workshop materials.  All you need to do is fill out
the information form, initial (electronically) on the appropriate line, and
e-mail back to me (gjb2@pge.com).
Here is a copy of Rule 51.  Nothing needed on this document.  It is only for
your reference.
Call if you have questions.
Geoff
415-973-8415
- Gas Accord II Information Form.doc
- CPUC Rule 51.doc
Yes, the deal would have been for today.  I'm not sure who the trader was and 
Larry has already left for the day.  I will probably just leave a note for 
him with his packet and resolve the issue tomorrow 
Thanks,
Susan
For today?  Also, do you know roughly what the of the deal is because I only 
see Chris Lambie's and John Mckay's deals
.
Today's deals do not contain any deals at Sumas with Larry May, again, I am 
speaking of John  Mckay and Chris Lambie.
Carlos
Did any of your traders do a deal with Larry May at Sumas selling half-a-day 
at +.03?
This email is in   to the Halloween party at the Continental Club.  I 
would like to confirm my attendance for the night of the Oct. 26.
Thank you,
Susan Scott
Don't forget to RSVP!! If you haven't already done so, please send an email 
to Priya Jaisinghani to confirm your attendance for next Thursday!
Thank you, and 
Drink tickets will be distributed at the Continental Club on October 26th, 
and not at Dolores Muzzy's desk, as previously announced.  Please RSVP to 
Priya Jaisinghani by email, no later than Tuesday, October 24, to confirm 
your attendance 
Thank you.
I would like to reserve a spot at tomorrow's brown bag with Billy Lemmons.
Thank you,
Susan Scott
Both legs have been rebooked.
Thanks,
Susan
Janie Aguayo
10/23/2000 11:00 AM
Please rebook to COASTALMERENE per Credit.
Thank you - Janie
Mary Kay and Drew, please see Christine's message below.  This language is 
very similar to language that NNG has used to address the change-in-rates 
issue.  I do not believe it creates a negotiated rates issue.  Please let me 
know as soon as possible if you have any concerns.  It is important that we 
work something out with Phillips today.
By the way, I asked Christine if she had asked Phillips to 1) give up their 
right of first refusal and 2) agree to our new capacity release language 
(i.e. TW gets the upside if capacity is released at a higher rate) in 
exchange for us making this compromise.  She feels that it would be 
inappropriate to ask them because the language below does not quite give 
Phillips what they had requested originally (that is, a negotiated rate).
Christine Stokes
01/28/2000 09:44 AM
Susan - Here is the language that Phillips has requested.  They liked and had 
requested the exact wording inserted into their agreement, so if there any 
any changes that you feel needs to be made, please try to keep the changes as 
simple as possible.  Thanks!
In the event that Transwestern's minimum tariff rate is increased to a level 
above Shipper's discount rate provided herein, the parties agree to 
renegotiate the discount to achieve the same economic value to both parties.
Thought you'd get a kick out of this one.  By the way, did you guys end up 
doing the "holiday greeting" thing?
Yortex@aol.com on 10/17/2000 09:49:57 AM
You'll like this one.
I'll have the time to write you a longer letter in a couple of days.
Jim
I was just wondering if there was any more information available regarding 
the upcoming Super Saturday events.  I would be glad to help out in any 
capacity.
Thanks,
Susan
Marcelo,
Evidently, there has been some discussion regarding the use of Enpower for 
Natural Gas basis options.  As a result I've been advised to hold off on any 
meetings until further notice.  Thanks again for all of your help and I will 
be in touch with you as soon as I know how we are going to progress.
Susan
Adnan Patel@ on 10/20/2000 05:08:49 PM
I would need a little more information to set this counterparty since I don't 
have access to Deal information. I would like the HQ address, contact person 
with the counterparty and a ph/fax number if you would please.
Attached is the process for getting access to GCP Change request system, this 
would allow an easier and a better turnaround on your future requests. In the 
mean time use the attached form to do any GCP requests...............Thanks!
Adnan Patel
Global Counterparty
x58335
Hi there !
For any new requests, a request must be submitted through the GCP Change 
Request System.  In the meantime, please email us the information and fax any 
supporting documentation you may have.
To receive access to the GCP Change Request System, each user must submit a 
SRRS request with the following instructions.    Once access has been 
completed, double click this doclink     to add the dbase to your 
workspace.     PLEASE DO NOT DELETE THIS EMAIL MESSAGE 
If you need me to give you an overview of the system, please call me.
Thanks
Bernice
x37972
1. Open the Lotus Notes ECT Security Resource Request System (SRRS) data base.
SRRS 2. Compose a new security request.	
3. Follow the instructions on the request form.  Include the following 
information specific to requesting access to the GCP Request data base.
a. In the "Submitted For" field, list the name of the person whom 
access is being requested for. 
b. Enter the RC and Company #  for the "Submitted For" person.
c. In the Comments/Justification field, enter the following text "Please add the following employees to the  "ECT GCP Customers" group to 
grant editor access to the ECT GCP Request Data Base on LN_1;  enter the list 
of employee names here. 
4. Click the Create button. 
5. In the dialog box, select "Applications/Database".
6. Select "Unlisted Lotus Notes Application" from the drop down list for 
Application name in the Application Data Base Dialog Box.   Click OK to close 
the dialog box.   (No other information  needs to be added to the  dialog 
box 	
7. Click the Submit Request button 
Deal # Q52317 
The counterparty is Nylon de Mexico and the contact is Alberto Diosdado.  The 
originator on the deal is Agustin Perez.
For October 19: Put the obsession and dedication back into your job,
health, and daily life. Stressful matters beyond your 
control have leached away
much of the excitement that makes life enjoyable. Use 
this Mercury retro
period to reinvent your work philosophy and improve your 
health and lifestyle.
The resources and relief you seek are available, but you 
may be expected to
kowtow and kiss butt to get what you need. Are you 
willing -- or not? I can't
blame you if your high standards won't allow anything to 
compromise your
vision. But if you're feeling pragmatic, use the next 3 
weeks to cook up an
agreement you can live with. 
Looks good.
Thanks for the heads-up,
Susan
I just got the email from our UT recruiter naming all of the Super Saturday 
candidates.  Kudos.  I'm so glad we didn't embarrass ourselves by overlooking 
you a second time.  I'll see what I can do about getting assigned to your 
dinner group.  See you this weekend.
GO BUSH!
Note: forwarded message attached.
__________________________________________________
Do You Yahoo!?
Yahoo! Messenger - Talk while you surf!  It's FREE.
My mother taught me the value of education, so every day I would walk 5
miles to a one-room schoolhouse.  I was a mischievous, fun-loving scamp,
thought I never dreamed that one-day, my youthful escapades would serve
as the inspiration for "Huckleberry Finn."
Back then, black folks in the south were second-class citizens.
One day, a traveling minister came through town, and I asked him if
anyone was ever going to do something to guarantee civil rights for all
Americans.  Well, I guess I made an impression.  You see, the minister's
name was Martin Luther King, Jr.
My father was a United States Senator.  He once perched me on his knee
and said, "Son, if you work hard and listen to your mama, someday you
can live in a hotel in Washington, D.C., and go to an exclusive prep
school."
But life of privilege was not for me.  After getting my high school
diploma, I took a job in a hot, dirty textile mill.  I was so appalled
at the treatment of the workers there that I organized a union.
Later, that experience inspired a movie - which is why, to this day, my
close friends at the AFL-CIO call me "Norma Rae."
When word got out what an 18 year old factory worker had done, Harvard
called and offered me a scholarship.  I captained the hockey team to
four consecutive national championships, but I also played football and
was good enough to win the Heisman Trophy.  During my college years, I
lived in a housing project and moonlighted playing lead guitar for a
little rock band.  You may have heard of it -- the Rolling Stones.
But there was a war going on, and I felt I had to serve my country.  So
I enlisted in the U.  S.  Army and went to Vietnam.  I was deeply
opposed to the war, but I did my duty as a soldier and came back home
with the Medal of Honor and the Croix de Guerre.
When I got back, I took a long journey across this great land of ours.
I've crossed the deserts bare, man, I've breathed the mountain air, man,
I've traveled, I've done my share, man, I've been everywhere.
And the people I met at truckstops and campgrounds and homeless shelters
on that journey all said the same thing: "Al, we need you in
Washington."
I knew they were right, but first I had to take care of some other
business---building the World Trade Center, founding the Audubon
Society, doing the clinical research that proved smoking caused cancer,
and coming up with the recipe for Mrs.  Field's chocolate chip cookies.
Finally, I deferred to the demands of the people of Tennessee and
allowed them to elect me to the House of Representatives and the Senate,
where I established the US Strategic Oil Reserve.  And then one winter
day nearly nine years ago, for no particular reason, I answered the call
of the people once again and took the oath of office as Vice President
of the United States.
Since then, I've been part of the most successful administration in
American history.  And, in my spare time, I invented the Internet.
Many times Bill Clinton has been pondering some grave decision and has
asked me what to do.  And when I would give him my thoughts, he would
invariable say, "Of course.  That's brilliant.  Why didn't I think of
that?" During the darkest days of the impeachment battle, the president
told me he only wished he had listened when I told him to stay away form
that dark-haired intern.
So after I decided to run for president, I sat down with him and asked
if he had any suggestions about how to conduct my campaign.
And Bill Clinton gave me a few simple words of advice -- words I'll
never forget.  He looked me in the eye and he said, "Al, just tell the
truth, it's always worked for me."
Just thought you'd like to know that Roger Ebert gave the movie 3 stars.  He 
had many of the same comments to make about the film and Dallas as you.
Talk to you soon,
Susan
Dear Citizens' Assistance Division:
I live in the Houston Heights on the 800 block of Cortlandt.  For the 3 years 
I've lived 
there, the drainage ditch in front of my house, and several other houses on 
my street, 
have been blocked.  Any time it rains, we have standing water for several 
days 
afterwards.  I know that other streets in the Heights have the same problem I have 
heard that because of the mild winter we're having, we can expect a bumper 
crop of 
mosquitos this summer.  Standing water therefore poses a health concern for 
residents 
of the Heights this summer. 
Does the City have any current plans to fix the drainage problem in the 
Heights?  Last 
year I called and requested that the ditch in front of my house be cleared, 
but got no 
response.  I hope that this was merely an oversight rather than an indication 
that the City 
of Houston has no regard for the health and comfort of its citizens. 
Any information you can provide would be appreciated. 
Sincerely, 
Susan Scott 
815 Cortlandt St. 
(713) 853-0596 (daytime phone) 
sscott3@ 
You need to give me your messenger address so we can "talk".
Those were great Chris.  Sorry no emails sooner to tell you all of my trip to 
London, which was incredible, but alas I am back at work and therefore 
swamped.  Mom said you guys had a great time in China.  I hope you took lots 
of pictures.  I'm not sure if she already passed along the bad news, but it 
doesn't look like I'm going to be able to visit next month...Work strikes 
again.  I am very frustrated (considering I asked for this time off 4 mos. 
ago) but there isn't really anything I can do.  So, I'm going to see if 
there's a way I could come over next spring.  Regardless, I very excited 
about you and Chuck coming back to Houston in December and we'll just have to 
make up some quality time then.
Talk to you soon,
Susan
PS - Isn't it ironic...Now Ben keeps calling wanting to go out.  I mean 
honestly what goes through these guys heads.  They don't realize a "good 
thing" the first time around and the second time around is too late - the 
"good thing" is no longer interested.
I am definitely interested in the parking space at the Met.  Please let me 
know if it is still possible for me to acquire a space.
Thanks,
Susan Scott
Thanks
Hey Em,
Well it's 8:30 Friday night and surprise I'm still at the office.  I love 
this place!!!  To answer your question, yes I am definitely suffering 
withdrawal.  I will be working very hard over the next few months to cure 
that though.  Nothing really exciting to report here except A) Nick called me 
my first day back in the office to make sure I arrived home safely ( I really 
don't know what to do about all of that)  B) Ben keeps calling me to see if I 
want to go out - 2 nights in a row in addition to our Steak Night beer (I 
haven't gone either night).  How ironic is all of this?  I've got one guy 
worrying and thinking of me that I care nothing for...I've got another guy 
who I at one time cared for but no longer do trying to take advantage of my 
vulnerable state (which in truth isn't really vulnerable at all) and another 
guy, who I until fairly recently cared for, who I think could go the rest of 
his life without ever seeing/speaking to me again (Or course I guess the 
reverse of that is true as well).
Talk to you soon,
Susan
Positive notes:  I think Ted is getting greying and losing hair with the 
added stress of corn trading.  He looks old and pitiful.
oh, the wonders of technology.  here i am, 1000's of kilometers away,
communicating via email with you fabulous folks.  have just stumbled in from
a pub featuring an irish 'jig' band- i picked up the rhythem instantly, i
must admit.....and after only 12 pints!  needless to say, it was a brilliant
cultural experience, and the only thing that would've been better would've
been if all of you could have been there to a., mock and harass me, and b.,
make yourselves as hated as this american made herself....why is that cider
makes you want to sing show tunes and bitch about shitty english  washing
machines....?  anyways- just wanted you to know i was thinking of you- even
if it WAS  after i thought for 15 minutes where the closest burger king was
( *jen- this is as close as you're going to get to those ridiculous
miniature books w/ PMS quotes you're so fond of......how id boulder by the
way...?)  sue- glad you got home okay- going thru withdrawl yet?  matt- got
your emails- twice.  double thanks.  hope my biting response hasn't sent you
into therapy- yet.  kk, llkj,etc- hope all is well in lala land- just fyi- i
think red bull is cheaper here- imagine the possibilities!  and for the reat
of the gang- enjoy yourselves at the infamous cougar 5 yr- i will- OF
COURSE- be there in spirit.....and i'm not being cynical, really call/write soon, s'il vous plait e
Share information about yourself, create your own public profile at
Sarah Mulholland
10/12/2000 03:28 PM
jen and i wanted to send this out as a reminder and if its about the fourth 
time you got it i don't want to hear any complaining.  invite one, invite 
all....just spread the word to anyone we missed 
sarah
Sarah Mulholland
09/29/2000 09:17 AM
hey kimmie........could you please forward this to all the east traders and 
schedulers.  thanks so much!
sarah
Please join me in wishing Jen & Sarah good luck in all of their new endeavors 
with Enron Global Markets.  We will be celebrating on Friday, October 13 Slainte Irish Pub, located at 509 Main Street.  We have reserved the entire 
upstairs and plan arrive around 5:00 PM.  Please forward this e-mail to 
anyone that might have been overlooked.  If you have any questions, please 
give me a call.
Thanks,
Becky Young
x30622 
Gotta love people finder.
ROBERT  KEYLOCK
CONTACT INFO                                           COMPANY INFO
Phone +442077834376                                           Employee Type 
:              ENRON EMPLOYEE
Email :                   robert.keylock@                  Job Title 
:                              SENIOR CLERK
Location :             ENRON HOUSE Supervisor :                         SYMES, PETER
Fax :                      +442077838746      Contract Company :          ECT NON U.S. PAYROLL
COMPANY
Cellular 07769743489                                                Company Number 
:          G-016
Cost Center 0000100348                                                  Cost Center Name 
:           EEL-IT OPERATIONS
City 
:                                        LONDON
A.  This made me laugh hard.
B.  This will be sent to everyone and their dog at Enron.
C.  This guy must hate life, bc he was still here at 1:46am.
Robert Keylock@ECT
10/13/2000 01:46 AM
I doubt I'll have one Mondays especially!
On Monday it will be time to check your pulse 
Glad to hear things are going so well.  No, I haven't spoken with Ted since 
my return...but, I did go out a few of the nights I was in London with an 
undergrad/grad school friend of his (among other people of course Surprise, surprise he didn't have many supportive words for Ted as dating 
material either.  In summary he found Ted to lack attentiveness to his 
partners and maybe even fidelity.  He said the break up of Ted's marriage 
wasn't "ALL his fault", which is a decidedly different slant than the one Ted 
gave me the night of our chat.  I also heard that he has worked his way 
around Enron a bit.  All in all very disheartening information.  Regardless, 
I'm still glad I dated him and think I learned a lot from the whole 
situation.  Tell Brendan I said, "Hello" and good luck with the new role at 
work.
Susan
I have a hold on travel plans to Korea right now as work may interfere.  Oh, 
well.
You guys are going to kill me, but I just got a ticket on the floor for the 
Rockets game tonight.  I was hoping I could get cell phone numbers from a few 
of you so that I could maybe meet up with y'all after the game.  I definitely 
want to see everyone and could "go out" later if anyone's interested.
Susan 
Susan M Scott
10/11/2000 08:15 AM
Hey girls,
I'm back from London (the trip was incredible) and would love to see all of 
you this Thursday.  I hope we can all make it.
Susan
ok, eveyone - let's this again!! carraba's this thursday night around
8:45ish!! it will be an ORIGINAL TASTERS  DINNER GET TOGETHER 
email me and let me know if this fits into your schedule!
love,
ashlea
Dear Mr. Henderson:
Attached pursuant to Dave Foti's request is the Substation Maintenance 
Agreement in Word format with Transwestern's proposed changes shown in 
redlining.  After you've had a chance to review the agreement, please feel 
free to contact me with any questions or comments.
Sincerely,
Susan Scott
Counsel for Transwestern Pipeline Company
(713) 853-0596
sscott3@
Hey Julie,
I just got back from London Tuesday and am now almost fully recovered from 
the jet lag.  I had an absolutely incredible time while I was over there and 
was even able to go into the Enron office for a while.  One of the guys I 
knew here in Houston even set up an impromptu interview for me while I was 
there so I think my working over there may be a very real possibility.  Since 
I'd already done a lot of the touristy things the last time I was in London 
Emily and I pretty much just hung out.  We went out to eat Friday night and 
then to a club ( I think we got home around 4 am after indulging in some fish 
and chips).  Saturday and Sunday we mostly just wondered around the city to 
various shops and markets and went out to various lunch and dinner venues Finally, on Monday I went in to the office while Em was at school and then 
had a fairly big last night in town with some friends of Emily's.  Hope 
everything's been going well with you and that the move into your new place 
was a success.  I'll keep checking for great fares out to SD...I'd love to 
meet your roommate and all of your other friends I feel as though I know now.
Susan
PS - I think you're right about the California men.  I am currently in 
contact with about three of them and they all have issues.  Although, I still 
think Ted takes the cake. 
Jeremy,
I saved the file so that the tab you open it up on is Larry's Gas Daily 
Option model.
Em, you know I'm in on this one.  It's been far too long since we've had a 
true NB weekend.  Unfortunately (although not surprisingly) it appears our 
erstwhile friend Alan will claim any excuse, no matter how unappealing, to 
avoid singing show tunes around the camp fire - your voice will be missed For the rest of you guys, I hope we can muster a good turn-out as I am in 
desperate need of over analysis in   to the problems of the world as 
well as ourselves whilst in a drunken stupor.  Nobody does it better 
Susan
ok- i'm going to remain skeptical and cautious about this til i get more
feedback (yes, kk, i know where you stand!)  who is interested in spending
this new years in NB @ the river and going to gruene hall?  need to commit
fairly soon, as there have been 'bites' from other interested parties, and
we'll just rent it out if interest is low.....those who haven't responded,
pls drop me a line, make suggestions.....can't have TOO many people due to
size restrictions, but obviously significant others/spouses are welcome.  am
sure i'm forgetting a key person or 2 from this email- let me know who!
don't want to hurt feelings (you KNOW how sensitive I am....)but want to
make sure we have a 'cohesive' group.  keep me posted.....au revoir from the
land of bangers and mash e
Share information about yourself, create your own public profile at
Hey guys,
Well I'm back home in Houston looking out at our lovely skyline (okay, maybe 
it's not that lovely but it is sunny here).  Anyway, I'm so glad I got the 
chance to see all of you while I was in London.  It seemed as though all of 
you are really enjoying your time in the UK - which is good to hear given the 
fact I'm hoping to make it over there myself.  Hope the approaching close to 
2000 finds everyone in good spirits.
Cheers,
Susan 
Hey Darren,
Just wanted to say thanks again for including Em and I in the outing Friday 
night and joining us for dinner Monday.  Hope things with work are going well 
and that you're managing to reinvent the wheel without too many problems 
Cheers,
Susan
"The game of life is a game of boomerangs. Our thoughts, deeds and words 
return to us sooner or later with astounding
accuracy." -- Florence Scovel Shinn
Ashley,
I am so sorry we never managed to meet up while I was in London.  Emily and I 
spent all day Sunday gallivanting around the city to the markets, etc. and 
Monday I ended-up spending a lot longer than I planned at the office.  On the 
bright side, I was able to have an impromptu interview and meet quite a few 
people while I was there.  I'm hoping to be over there and gainfully employed 
by early next spring.  Hope things are well with you and the next trip I make 
over there we will definitely get together.
Susan
Trip was excellent.  I took pictures, but most of them where taken inside 
pubs so who knows how they'll turn out.  I definitely thought about you and 
how much you would love the area Emily's living in (very upscale, English and 
proper).  I also had an impromptu interview thanks to Dave Oliver so we'll 
see.  I will talk to you more later as I am in the thick of calcing and am 
suffering a bit of jet lag.
Susan
Hello my friend. Hope you are well. First, how was your trip? Secondly, did 
you get many pictures? Thirdly, did you think about me the whole time you 
were there...saying in your mind "Tobin would have liked this?"
Drop a note and give me the dirt.
TC
Tobin Carlson
Analyst
Enron Broadband Services
(503) 886-0714 (bureau)
(503) 720-2298 (mobile)
Hey girls,
I'm back from London (the trip was incredible) and would love to see all of 
you this Thursday.  I hope we can all make it.
Susan
ok, eveyone - let's this again!! carraba's this thursday night around
8:45ish!! it will be an ORIGINAL TASTERS  DINNER GET TOGETHER 
email me and let me know if this fits into your schedule!
love,
ashlea
Date: 9/28/00  9:58 AM
RE: FW: Venus and Mars
Deal #Q15463 has been rebooked in TAGG.  Let me know if either of you need 
anything else.
Thanks,
Susan
Susan,
Please rebook this new CP.
Thanks
Lesli
General de Ceramica, S.A. de C.V.
Paul,
This new CP was pending you.  Any ideas who it is?
Thanks
Lesli
Drew, what is BNSF?
Here you go Cynthia.  I feel pretty confident that everything is correct this 
month.  However, I'm sure I'm being overly optimistic on that front so call 
or email me with any changes.
Hey guys,
Just wanted to drop a line and let you know that I'm going to be visiting 
London over the next 5 days or so.  I'm planning on swinging by the offices 
Monday morning to see everyone and just wanted to foreworn you all Hopefully, I'll get a chance to see you then.
Susan
If anyone wants to get a hold of me you can leave a message on my friend 
Emily's phone 020 7243 5453.
Lexi,
I completely forgot to turn in my expense report from last months recruiting 
trip.  Things around here have been absolutely crazy, as I'm sure they have 
been for you.  In addition to the attached file below I am forwarding the 
hard copy to your office.  Let me know if there is anything else I can do to 
help with the process.
Thanks,
Susan
 > > Subject: Venus and Mars
 > > >>Her story vs. his story
 > > >>HER STORY:
 > > >>He was in an odd mood when I got to the bar, I thought it might
 > > >>have been because I was a bit late but he didn't say anything
 > > >>much about it. The conversation was quite slow going so I
 > > >>thought we should go off somewhere more intimate so we could
 > > >>talk more privately. So we went to this restaurant and he's
 > > >>STILL acting a bit funny and I'm trying to cheer him up and
 > > >>start to wonder whether it's me or something else.
 > > >>I ask him, and he says no. But you know I'm not really sure.
 > > >>So anyway, in the cab back to his house, I say that I love him
 > > >>and he just puts his arm around me. I don't know what the hell
 > > >>this means because you know he doesn't say it back or anything.
 > > >>We finally get back to his place and I'm wondering if he's
 > > >>going to dump me!
 > > >>  So I try to ask him about it but he just switches on the TV.
 > > >>  Reluctantly, I say I'm going to go to sleep. Then, after about
 > > >>  10 minutes, he joins me and we have sex. But, he still seemed
 > > >>  really distracted, so afterwards I just wanted to leave.
 > > >>  I dunno, I just don't know, what he thinks anymore. I mean,
 > > >>  do you think he's met someone else?
 > > >>HIS STORY:
 > > >>Lousy day at work. Tired. Got laid though.
Here's the address for you.
Agustin, 
I haven't booked the origination we talked about yet because I wanted to get 
an exact number from you first.  If you could send me an email with the 
correct origination amount I can book it tonight.  The deal was with General 
de Cermica for 11,000/month 10/1/00 - 03/31/0.
Thanks,
Susan
Hey,
Thanks for the well wishes.  I don't actually leave until Thursday, but I am 
VERY ready and equally excited.  I ended up meeting Ted for dinner Thursday 
to "chat".  He definitely doesn't deserve the title of Wonder Boy.  Anyway, 
I'll forward you the email I sent Emily regarding the evening in question Hope everything's good with you.
Well, we met and had dinner last night.  NOTHING of importance was discussed 
during our entire meal and it was only when I brought things up as we were 
leaving that any actual talking occurred.  Here are the basics 
- There is definitely no "us" anymore...and I quote "sometimes these things 
just fade out"
- There is much I didn't know about him and I am sure even more that I still 
don't
- Case in point...He was MARRIED before (yes, you read correctly married)
- Turns out he's been divorced about three years, it didn't end well and he 
hasn't had a relationship that has lasted beyond       2 mos. in those three 
years (even though, by his own admission, he has dated a lot) - Can you say 
issues?
- He told me "I know this sounds so trite, but this really has nothing to do 
with you, it's all me."  Of course I agreed with him saying "I know it's you 
Ted, I don't have any problems." (He got a chuckle out of that one)
- I told him about my frustrations and disappointment with how he had handled 
things and he apologised (evidently Kevin told him about our exchange at 
Steak Night) and I also let him know how much I appreciated his handling of 
things in the beginning
- I said I really hated animosity and hard feelings and that as long as he 
hadn't done anything truly horrible to me (i.e. murder a family member, etc I would really like to leave things on a good note...He agreed.
- He said I was a fantastic girl and that he still enjoyed hanging out and 
talking with me (although I don't see us doing a lot of that)
So all in all I walked away with three very important things 1. A lightened 
load (I got everything of my chest that I wanted to and needed to) 2. My 
dignity (I handled it just as I'd hoped...with composure and wit) 3. A 
clearer since of Ted as a person (He definitely has a lot of issues in his 
life he has not completely dealt with yet, and who knows if he ever will?)
Anyway, I'm okay with everything and surprisingly feel pretty good.  I'll 
talk to you soon.
Susan
By the way, I told him about the shirt idea (he thought it was funny, and 
maybe just a little harsh)
I am very excited about my trip to London.  For one thing I get to visit 
Emily, but at this point more importantly I don't have to think about work 
for 6 days straight.  You guys are going to have a great trip to China and I 
say if you find a rug that you really like (i.e. you're not just getting one 
because you think you should) you should definitely get it.  Just think what 
a great conversation piece it would make over the years 
And don't worry about my appetite for travel getting spoiled...that is 
impossible.  I can't wait to see you guys.  I think that you being in Korea 
and Emily being in London has made this whole Ted situation that much harder 
to deal with.  I've realized how much I appreciate y'alls insights now that 
they aren't as easy to get.
Love ya,
Susan
Do you know where the Texas Exes watch the games in London?  It might be kind 
of fun to watch the OU game somewhere...even if just for a bit of it.  Just a 
thought.
I always forget what the time difference is so I thought I might be able to 
catch you "real time 
I went to the game Saturday with Travis, Corey, Mike and a friend of his Kathy was getting her certification for spinning classes and thus I was given 
the responsibility of baby-sitting Corey and Travis.  Anyway, Trav's pledge 
class had a reunion at the house after the game and I think it may have 
single-handedly cured me of wanting men in their early thirties.  The single 
guys from their class are definitely still single for a reason.  Also, you've 
gotta tell Chuck that Kinzer's date for the game was a year younger than me 
(although I will say, after meeting her, you would've thought she was much 
younger).  I think 27-28 may be a better range.  Old enough to know who they 
are and what they want, but still young enough to explain their unattached 
status on career focus.
Talk to you soon,
Susan
Hey girl!  Thanks for the book and the CD.  I lazed around the house enjoying 
both yesterday morning.  After we played tennis, Bill took me to Berryhill 
for fish tacos (al fresco) and later that evening we went to yet another 
Christmas party, where I drank champagne (but luckily not too much).  So it 
was a good birthday Have a good day!
Karin Shelton  Hi Susan! I meant to call you yesterday but somehow I never did. Hope you
will accept a late Happy Birthday from me! I am assuming that mum passed
along our gift to you whilst we were in Houston last. I hope so! Anyway, I
hope that you had a good day and that Bill took you out for a nice dinner.
Except for maybe a lipstick for the mem's,(was totally confused by the
selection at the HEB - need help) this elf is finished with Christmas
shopping. Good to have it done. Picked up some sox at Tar-zhay for her to
wear w/ the clogs.
More later!
Karin
Spoke with Steve about the swap question.  He wants to talk with you about 
this before circling back to Knippa.  If you don't hear from him, and want to 
call him, his # is 281-350-8441.
Re. TW's exposure if we authorize ECS to lock in too early:
If TW defaults under the CSA, it must hold ECS harmless with regard to 
expenses incurred by ECS in the assignment of the electric supply agreement 
and pay ECS whatever is owed under the agreement.  No other specific damages 
are addressed, and the agreement specifically prohibits the recovery of 
consequential, incidental or indirect losses or damages.  (Section 9.2 
provides for reimbursement for ECS's reasonable costs in providing 
Compression Services, but only in the event TW uses its FERC out.)  The Gas 
Conversion Agreement provides for termination of the agreement in the event 
of default by TW under the CSA, and obligates TW to reimburse ECS for ECS's 
costs and expenses incurred in unwinding the forward sale of natural gas 
volumes to be delivered to ECS under the agreement 
Other questions -- let  me know.
Sorry I never called yesterday...I had turned my phone off and didn't realize 
you'd called until last night.  I'm still at work right now and therefore am 
extremely tired.  Hope you got everything you needed to accomplished this 
weekend.  I had a good time at the game and, thanks to Travis's pledge class 
reunion, have come to the conclusion that 27-28 is a better age range for 
me.  There young enough to excuse being single due to career focus and still 
old enough to know who they are and what they want.  Some critical things 
happen in those 3-5 years from a man's late twenties to early thirties that 
can expose so many "issues" (examples of which I got to see several of on 
Saturday).
Talk to you soon,
Susan
Are you and Doug going to OU?
Hey,
It's 8:30 and I'm still at work.  Did I mention I really need this vacation Anyway, I have a couple of questions for you.  Is there anything special 
you'd like me to bring over (that your Mom isn't getting for you).  I talked 
to your Mom yesterday and she mentioned a craving for Turkey Jerky.  If you 
want me to bring some over just let me know where to buy it.  Also, do you 
have any predictions for the weather.  I'm planning on bringing the following 
- jeans, sweatshirt, black pants & skirt, black cardigan, "rain coat" (I put 
it in quotes b/c I know mine won't be official), some "go out" close, running 
shoes, heels, and boots, 2 sweaters, varying tops, and a pair of shorts.  I 
always end up over-packing, but I'm really going to try to pare down.  I'm 
assuming you have a blow-dryer so I can leave mine at home. 
I talked to Darren today and he said Friday sounded good...and, I sent an 
email to Nick so hopefully it will work for him as well.  I also emailed 
Jessica's friend Ashley who's living over there and she wanted to get 
together maybe for lunch or something over the weekend. 
I've been checking out the Tube Maps on the Web and don't think I should have 
much of a problem getting to your place.  I assume I'm going to want to get 
off at the Holland Park tube stop.  Should be a piece of cake, right?
Any bright ideas of how to get your extra set of keys to me Friday morning I guess there isn't really anywhere for you to hide them around your flat 
(i.e. under the doormat or over the door frame 
See you soon,
Susan
- I may have to pump Darren for a little bit of info Friday night (subtly of 
course)...Like did he know that I didn't know about Ted's "past" - maybe you 
can find out why the marriage ended.
Shelly,
Is there any way you could give me a little more information regarding the 
times of the presentations for each of the respective schools.
Thanks,
Susan
Analysts:
Your participation is being requested. The schools originally identified for 
technology recruiting have received a large amount of interest in the  
Analyst Program.  Therefore additional coverage is necessary, to attend 
presentations,  at the schools listed below:
October 3 -   Minnesota
October 11 - Carnegie Melon
October 12 - NYU
October 16 - Berkeley
Obviously, we are running on a tight time line.  Your urgent response to this 
request is greatly appreciated.  Once your attendance is confirmed details 
will follow.  Please respond to Shelly Jones via email.
Thank you for your support.
Shelly Jones
Manager, Analyst Recruiting
Hey Ashley,
Just thought I'd drop you a line to let you know that I will be in London 
this Friday through next Tuesday.  I'm visiting a friend of mine who is 
attending Sotheby's graduate program.  I know it's short notice, but I would 
love to see you at some point while I'm over there.  If you get a chance 
email me back and let me know if you're free any of those days and how I can 
get a hold of you while I'm over there.  Hope all is well.
Susan
Everything goes O.K.  I met with Ted last week for dinner Thursday night...it 
was VERY enlightening.  I'll forward you the email I sent to my sister-in-law 
(it sums everything up pretty well).  Let me know if you want to grab coffee, 
a drink, etc. tonight or tomorrow night - although I think you've got NCL 
tomorrow 
Well, we met and had dinner last night.  NOTHING of importance was discussed 
during our entire meal and it was only when I brought things up as we were 
leaving that any actual "talking" occurred.  Here are the basics 
- There is definitely no "us" anymore...and I quote "sometimes these things 
just fade out"
- There is much I didn't know about him and I am sure even more that I still 
don't
- Case in point...He was MARRIED before (yes, you read correctly married)
- Turns out he's been divorced about three years, it didn't end well and he 
hasn't had a relationship that has lasted beyond       2 mos. in those three 
years (even though, by his own admission, he has dated quite a bit) - Can you 
say issues?
- He told me "I know this sounds so trite, but this really has nothing to do 
with you, it's all me."  Of course I agreed with him saying "I know it's you 
Ted, I don't have any problems." (He got a chuckle out of that one)
- I told him about my frustrations and disappointment with how he had handled 
things and he apologised (evidently Kevin told him about our exchange at 
Steak Night) and I also let him know how much I appreciated his handling of 
things in the beginning
- I said I really hated animosity and hard feelings and that as long as he 
hadn't done anything truly horrible to me (i.e. murder a family member, etc I would really like to leave things on a good note...He agreed.
- He said I was a fantastic girl and that he still really enjoyed hanging out 
and talking with me (although I don't see us doing a lot of that...not very 
healthy for me) 
So all in all I walked away with three very important things 1. A lightened 
load (I got everything of my chest that I wanted to and needed to) 2. My 
dignity (I handled just it as I'd hoped...with composure and wit) 3. A 
clearer since of Ted as a person (He definitely has a lot of issues in his 
life that he has not completely dealt with yet, and might never deal with 
completely)
Anyway, I'm okay with everything and surprisingly feel pretty good.  I'll 
talk to you soon.
Susan
By the way, I told him about the shirt idea (he thought it was funny, and 
maybe just a little harsh)
Talk to you soon, Jen.
I think an original tasters gathering is a great idea...unfortunately, I'm 
going to be out of town Thursday (I'm visiting my friend Emily in London and 
I have to admit I am very excited).  If you guys do end up going have a great 
time.
Susan
Ashlea is right, it was amazing.  It looked like a really fun crowd.  I hope
that everyone can be there.
Julianna
So I met him for dinner Thursday night.  Nothing was discussed until we were 
about to leave and I couldn't hold my tongue any longer.  Turns out he was 
married before and may have some issues (pretty big ones in my opinion - case 
in point, he's been divorced three years and, by his own admission, has dated 
quite a bit in the interim but nothing that has lasted longer than 2 mos sounds like a pattern to me 
We'll talk more later,
sscott5
- McTwins.doc
Hey Darren,
I wanted to try and touch and base with you before my arrival in London.  I 
talked to Emily late last week and she seemed to think Friday night was a 
good night to try and get together.  I know you have a bunch of people that 
are going to be in London this weekend, but maybe we could just make it one 
big group outing.  Get back to me when you get a chance and we'll try and set 
something up.
Susan
No one has ever mistaken me for being a shy or timid person...least of all
Ted.  Therefore, telling him about the shirt was right in character for me.
I think a part of him probably felt a little ashamed that a 23 yr. old girl
with almost no dating experience could handle the situation with more class
than him.  Anyway, there were a few other things established and solidified
last night by Ted - 1. By his own admission, I am definitely smarted than
him (while in the past I have challenged that I had to agree last night) 2.
I am a confident, probably too much so, and well-adjusted individual.
Merely taking into account those two points, Ted in his present "condition"
could never be a match for me.  I would either always feel like I was
carrying him or rolling over him.  I'm still absolutely floored by the fact
I have now dated a divorcee.  Does Chuck think less of me for being duped?
I hope not...he really seemed like a good (to everyone that met him).
I think Mom, Dad and I are all going to fly over on the same flight
(Singapore Airlines).  I found a great deal from San Francisco for around
$580.  I of course will have to fly from Houston which ups the fare to
$800, but it's still the best deal around.  I can't wait to see you guys.
Susan
Here's my request for rehearing so far.  The marketing folks are helping me 
with our competitive harm argument and will, I hope, come up with something 
plausible.  In the meantime, I would appreciate your comments.
No one has ever mistaken me for being a shy or timid person...least of all 
Ted.  Therefore, telling him about the shirt was right in character for me I think a part of him probably felt a little ashamed that a 23 yr. old girl 
with almost no dating experience could handle the situation with more class 
than him.  Anyway, there were a few other things established and solidified 
last night by Ted - 1. By his own admission, I am definitely smarted than him 
(while in the past I have challenged that I had to agree last night) 2. I am 
a confident, probably too much so, and well-adjusted individual.  Merely 
taking into account those two points, Ted in his present "condition" could 
never be a match for me.  I would either always feel like I was carrying him 
or rolling over him.  I'm still absolutely floored by the fact I have now 
dated a divorcee.  Does Chuck think less of me for being duped?  I hope 
not...he really seemed like a good (to everyone that met him).
I think Mom, Dad and I are all going to fly over on the same flight 
(Singapore Airlines).  I found a great deal from San Francisco for around 
$580.  I of course will have to fly from Houston which ups the fare to $800, 
but it's still the best deal around.  I can't wait to see you guys.
Susan
No one has ever mistaken me for being a shy or timid person...least of all 
Ted.  Therefore, telling him about the shirt was right in character for me I think a part of him probably felt a little ashamed that a 23 yr. old girl 
with almost no dating experience could handle the situation with more class 
than him.  Anyway, there were a few other things established and solidified 
last night by Ted - 1. By his own admission, I am definitely smarted than him 
(while in the past I have challenged that I had to agree last night) 2. I am 
a confident, probably too much so, and well-adjusted individual.  Merely 
taking into account those two points, Ted in his present "condition" could 
never be a match for me.  I would either always feel like I was carrying him 
or rolling over him.  I'm still absolutely floored by the fact I have now 
dated a divorcee.  Does Chuck think less of me for being duped?  I hope 
not...he really seemed like a good (to everyone that met him).
I think Mom, Dad and I are all going to fly over on the same flight 
(Singapore Airlines).  I found a great deal from San Francisco for around 
$580.  I of course will have to fly from Houston which ups the fare to $800, 
but it's still the best deal around.  I can't wait to see you guys.
Susan
First of all sorry about the "overjealous" not
"overzealous" in my last e mail--it was late.
Anyway, to the important stuff...I think that's the
problem with dating 30 something guys who aren't
married.  Either a divorce in the past or too many
other hang ups (and this guy looks like he fits into
both categories).  I know that everyone says that, but
in my observation it has been true.  So you're stuck
between a rock and a hard place.  You want the
maturity level of someone like him, but sometimes
those older men are too much of a headache.  I'm glad
you at least got to say your toughts.  I can't believe
you told him about the t-shirt!  Oh well, what did you
have to lose by getting it all out there.  I'm glad
your questions are answered now.  I guess there really
wasn't anything he could say to fix things between you
guys!  I guess you'll just have to keep going to Steak
Night.
Chris
__________________________________________________
Do You Yahoo!?
Yahoo! Photos - 35mm Quality Prints, Now Get 15 Free!
Well, we met and had dinner last night.  NOTHING of importance was discussed 
during our entire meal and it was only when I brought things up as we were 
leaving that any actual talking occurred.  Here are the basics 
- There is definitely no "us" anymore...and I quote "sometimes these things 
just fade out"
- There is much I didn't know about him and I am sure even more that I still 
don't
- Case in point...He was MARRIED before (yes, you read correctly married)
- Turns out he's been divorced about three years, it didn't end well and he 
hasn't had a relationship that has lasted beyond       2 mos. in those three 
years (even though, by his own admission, he has dated a lot) - Can you say 
issues?
- He told me "I know this sounds so trite, but this really has nothing to do 
with you, it's all me."  Of course I agreed with him saying "I know it's you 
Ted, I don't have any problems." (He got a chuckle out of that one)
- I told him about my frustrations and disappointment with how he had handled 
things and he apologised (evidently Kevin told him about our exchange at 
Steak Night) and I also let him know how much I appreciated his handling of 
things in the beginning
- I said I really hated animosity and hard feelings and that as long as he 
hadn't done anything truly horrible to me (i.e. murder a family member, etc I would really like to leave things on a good note...He agreed.
- He said I was a fantastic girl and that he still enjoyed hanging out and 
talking with me (although I don't see us doing a lot of that)
So all in all I walked away with three very important things 1. A lightened 
load (I got everything of my chest that I wanted to and needed to) 2. My 
dignity (I handled it just as I'd hoped...with composure and wit) 3. A 
clearer since of Ted as a person (He definitely has a lot of issues in his 
life he has not completely dealt with yet, and who knows if he ever will?)
Anyway, I'm okay with everything and surprisingly feel pretty good.  I'll 
talk to you soon.
Susan
By the way, I told him about the shirt idea (he thought it was funny, and 
maybe just a little harsh)
Well, we met and had dinner last night.  NOTHING of importance was discussed 
during our entire meal and it was only when I brought things up as we were 
leaving that any actual talking occurred.  Here are the basics 
- There is definitely no "us" anymore...and I quote "sometimes these things 
just fade out"
- There is much I didn't know about him and I am sure even more that I still 
don't
- Case in point...He was MARRIED before (yes, you read correctly married)
- Turns out he's been divorced about three years, it didn't end well and he 
hasn't had a relationship that has lasted beyond       2 mos. in those three 
years (even though, by his own admission, he has dated a lot) - Can you say 
issues?
- He told me "I know this sounds so trite, but this really has nothing to do 
with you, it's all me."  Of course I agreed with him saying "I know it's you 
Ted, I don't have any problems." (He got a chuckle out of that one)
- I told him about my frustrations and disappointment with how he had handled 
things and he apologised (evidently Kevin told him about our exchange at 
Steak Night) and I also let him know how much I appreciated his handling of 
things in the beginning
- I said I really hated animosity and hard feelings and that as long as he 
hadn't done anything truly horrible to me (i.e. murder a family member, etc I would really like to leave things on a good note...He agreed.
- He said I was a fantastic girl and that he still enjoyed hanging out and 
talking with me (although I don't see us doing a lot of that)
So all in all I walked away with three very important things 1. A lightened 
load (I got everything of my chest that I wanted to and needed to) 2. My 
dignity (I handled just as I'd hoped...with composure and wit) 3. A clearer 
since of Ted as a person (He definitely has a lot of issues in his life he 
has not completely dealt with yet, and who knows if he ever will?)
Anyway, I'm okay with everything and surprisingly feel pretty good.  I'll 
talk to you soon.
Susan
By the way, I told him about the shirt idea (he thought it was funny, and 
maybe just a little harsh)
Mine:
For September 28: An agreement or legal matter improves today. You are
able to reach an understanding in a previously tense 
affair. Do your best to
maintain peace and tranquility, instead of giving into 
resentment or suspicion.
Behind the scenes finagling will be required to keep 
others on track and out of
trouble. Batten down the hatches during late afternoon 
and evening, and don't
let any important info get into the wrong hands. Someone 
may place their trust
or future in your custody. Make them glad they did. 
Find weekly and monthly horoscopes
His:
For September 28: Something you already own or have access to provides
even more satisfaction and enrichment. Take advantage of 
this opportunity.
Squeeze every drop of juice out of a cosmic orange. You 
never lost this
chance, but may have temporarily misplaced it. You could 
be sitting on a virgin
diamond mine. Dig a little deeper. Later today, you and 
a partner or advisor
may clash. Don't slam the door on existing 
relationships, no matter how trying
things get. FYI: No bridges should be burnt today. 
Find weekly and monthly horoscopes
Just talked to him around 6:15 (don't know exactly how to take that)...he was 
pretty "jokey"...we'll probably get together tomorrow night...found out he 
has bought himself a pair of boots (ostrich - I don't think he's earned 
ostrich)...I think his job is REALLY stressing him out.
Sue
- - There is a God and he likes me =>  Someone tricked Ted into eating fried 
cow testicles in Amarillo (he still sounded shaken up over the incident It's all about Karma.
Just talked to him...was pretty jovial...will probably get together tomorrow 
night...I think his job is REALLY stressing him out.
Agustin,
I have booked the trades below into the ENA system.  The deal numbers are as 
follows.
Industrias Derivadas del Etileno  Q15730 (legs 1 & 2)
Poliestireno y Derivados  Q15730 (legs 3 & 4)
Sintesis Organicas   Q15730 (legs 5 & 6)
Susan
Agustin Perez@
09/27/2000 01:10 PM
Larry, 
Here is today's trade info and the companies information.
Trade details:
Reference Price:  Average of Tetco South Tx, & PG&E
Total Volume:   170,000 mmbtu / month (this is going to be divided in 3 
companies)
ENA position:   Sell $5.75 Call
Buy $4.50 Put
Price:    $0.23 usd / mmbtu
Premium payment date:  Oct 9, 2000
Period:    Nov 00 - Feb 01
Origination:   $0.0125 usd / mmbtu
Volume detail by company:
Industrias Derivadas del Etileno  139,000 mmbtu / month
Poliestireno y Derivados  15,000 mmbtu / month
Sintesis Organicas   16,000 mmbtu / month
Contact:    Sergio Maruri
These companies are already in Global Counterparty database.
Let me know if you have any comments,
Agustin Perez
X-7-152-2413
Alas, there is no point to steak night without Kori or myself.  There is good 
cause for your lack of enthusiasm 
Tomorrow morning sounds good to me for a coffee/steamed almond milk break How 'bout we shoot for around 9:30 (although I can do earlier or later if 
need be).  Let me know.
As for the week after next, anything from Wednesday night on will work for 
me.  I am in full agreement with you regarding a "solid dinner" (of limited 
attendance of course).
See you tomorrow,
Susan
- - Funny thing, Ben called earlier to see if I wanted to go grab lunch with 
him (Does he think I'm in a vulnerable/weakened state due to the Ted 
situation?  Well, he's wrong.)
What's the point of living if I am not going to steak night with you Seriously, if you nor Kori and the like aren't going, I think I will go to a 
genuine steak house Let me know how your morning is looking tomorrow for coffee---or in my case 
steamed almond milk? Let me know. I will be here through Friday morning--must 
get back to P-Town for a little reprieve. By-the-way, not next week but the 
following week I will be back. We really need to do dinner and do a thorough 
debriefing and have a solid dinner. Enough of this "15- person, let's talk 
over smoke and voices" thing. I think I am getting old. 
Tobin Carlson
Analyst
Enron Broadband Services
(503) 886-0714 (bureau)
(503) 720-2298 (mobile)
Susan M Scott@ECT
09/27/00 12:03 PM
Yes, we still do the steak night thing, but I will be unable to attend this 
evening (dinner with the traders, oh la la!).  You may want to talk to bfree 
and see if he or Economou are planning on an outing 
So when are we going to have a chance to chat?
Suz
Yes, we still do the steak night thing, but I will be unable to attend this 
evening (dinner with the traders, oh la la!).  You may want to talk to bfree 
and see if he or Economou are planning on an outing 
So when are we going to have a chance to chat?
Suz
Approved.
Christine Stokes
02/01/2000 08:41 AM
TRANSWESTERN PIPELINE CONTRACT APPROVAL REQUEST
Phillips Petroleum Company's discount letter was recently approved by 
Transwestern's Officer group.   However, Phillips has now requested that 
Transwestern include language in the discount letter which guarantees the 
applicable discount rate in the event that Transwestern's minimum Tariff rate 
were to be higher than the discount rate.  I have underlined the additional 
language  in the attached revised discount letter (language will not be 
underlined when provided to Phillips).  The inclusion of this language would 
require Transwestern to file the discount as a negotiated rate prior to gas 
flow under the term of the amendment.  Transwestern would file this discount 
on January 31, 2001.
Please review the attached document and indicate approval via REPLY WITH 
HISTORY.
All Officer approvals will be sent to Bill Cordes for final President Level 
approval.
Agustin,
I just faxed a copy of the ticket to you.  Please let me know if it 
transmitted properly.  Also, the deal number is Q15463 
Let me know if you need anything else.
Susan
You forget that I also studied French, mon amie.  I may not be able to write 
it any more, but I can still read it.
Susan
Aquarius:
The conjunction between the Sun and Moon is a wonderful symbol of
togetherness and unity. You may have been feeling 
distinctly out of sorts
lately with your partner, and are sorely in need of 
some tender loving care.
Perhaps you both need to make the effort to be nice to 
each other. I mean
really nice, not just pretending. See now, isn't that a 
lot better! There's
mileage in this one yet.
I think this is for you.
Charlotte Kraham@EES
09/26/2000 05:20 PM
Hey Susan.
I just got a call from Patricia Ritter which made me realize that we only 
have 1 month to play all of our games... and with my travel schedule getting 
booked I thought I should get a start on playing some games.  Are you 
available anytime soon?
Thursday nights are always out for me as I have school from 6-10.  Next week 
I will be out of the office Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday 
Let me know.
Char
x53711
Part of me is tempted to do the "taste of your own medicine" thing, but I was 
really disappointed that he took that approach (in this case I think email is 
very cowardly) and don't believe two wrongs make a right.  I insist on taking 
the high road in this situation no matter how tempting it might be to teach 
him a lesson.
Susan
I haven't done anything as of yet.  I just really didn't feel like responding 
to him on Friday (I was still pretty floored by the whole thing) and since 
he's out of town till tonight I spent yesterday and today figuring out what I 
want to do 
I've decided the following...I'm going to give him a call tonight and agree 
to meet for a drink/chat.  I completely agree with you about regretting the 
things you don't do more than the things you do - besides I'm dying of 
curiosity about what he could possibly have to say.  Anyway, I want to try 
and do it tomorrow night so that I can quite turning it over and over in my 
head (I am absolutely sick of thinking about it).  I think it will be hard 
for me to be anything but distant talking to him because, regardless of his 
reasons, he definitely wasn't very considerate over the last few weeks.  Wish 
me luck! (Problem is I'm not sure what I really want the outcome to be).
Susan
Julie,
Just wanted to check and see if you had received my last two emails.  If so, 
I'd love to know what you think about the whole situation.  If not, let me 
know and I will resend the emails.
Susan
What's the word man?  I haven't heard a peep from you all day (even though I 
know you've seen Ben and called Kori...I'm hurt)
sscott5
FYI - Gary P. Nunn is going to be playing New Year's Eve at Gruene Hall.
On the Ted front...It's Tuesday afternoon and I haven't contacted him yet I'm planning on calling him at home early this evening and telling him that 
"a beer and a chat sound like a good idea, how about tomorrow night?".  I 
will be requesting that he either call me at home tonight if he gets in early 
enough or tomorrow at work.  This should all prove very interesting.
Susan
Gary,
Just wanted to check and see how things were going for you on 44.  Hopefully 
you are now in possession of a phone.  If so give me a call, I would really 
like to get together for a cup of coffee or just a few minutes to enjoy the 
lovely weather outside.
sscott5
- I'm confident Keri and Caroline are well.
Lindy -- I'm working on a checklist.
There were just a couple of issues arising from the discussions with market 
services, weren't there?
One having to do with whether we want to change our 68 A to reflect FTS-1 and 
FTS-3 in same bucket -- I'm leaning towards not changing since the language 
is already general enough to cover us there.
The other issue had to do with issuing the OFO if EFBH does not show up in 
the last cycle.  I do not believe any changes are necessary there either The tariff language as it's currently written says we "shall" issue an OFO, 
and we would, but an OFO issued in the last cycle would simply be a formality 
and the EFBH shipper would have no choice but to pay the penalty.
If you see any roadblocks on these 2 tariff sheets (27A and 68A), or if there 
are any other issues we need to address, let me know.  Also, if you want to 
sit down and go thru my checklist together sometime tomorrow, or even later 
this afternoon, I'm available.
Thanks!
S.
Lindy Donoho
02/01/2000 10:40 AM
The effective date will be 2/23/2000.  Marketing does not anticipate offering 
the service until March 1, 2000.
Susan is working on the compliance tariff sheets right now to be filed 15 
days after the Order is issued (the Draft Order was issued last Thursday, so 
the final Order should be issued within a couple days after that).  The 
change I think you're referring to is the way we had anticipated prorating 
FTS-1 & FTS-3 together when FBH is showing-up and now, we actually will match 
FTS-3 with the FBH space and FTS-1 will be allocated "existing" space as 
usual.  Susan is looking at the tariff language now and is thinking a 
language change may not be necessary.  She will be discussing with Mary Kay Regardless of which decision, it's being addressed.
Were there any other tariff language changes? (I know FTS-3 should be added 
to 22.2, D, 1.  Susan and Mary Darveaux are reviewing all the GT&C's to check 
for where FTS-3 &/or FBH should be referenced, etc.)
Please let me know.  Thanks!
Lindy
Ramona Betancourt
02/01/2000 09:47 AM
Lindy Does this mean that the effective date will still be 2/23/2000?
Also did all of our changes that we discussed in our system requirement 
meetings get included in the revised tariff sheets?
What date will marketing start offering the service? I know we are still 
pushing to have the nominations, contracts, scheduling & confirmation system 
changes ready for 3/1/2000  production migration move.
Thanks Ramona
Sorry for the delayed response to your email, but 10-11 a.m. this morning 
will work for me.  Just let me know the location.
Thanks,
Susan
Susan,
I'm trying to schedule a meeting regarding gas spread  in enpower. We have a 
prototype for the front end.
Date/time: Tomorrow, Set 26, 10-11am. I'm still working on the location
Please let me know if this works for you,
Marcelo
HOROSCOPE:     Weekly   -    His
For September 25-October 1: Instead of wishing
things were different, or woefully mourning the
past, build a new beginning. It's pointless to
bemoan recent changes or languish over
disappointments. You cannot change the past.
You cannot change people's minds, either. Face
your situation and create something wonderful.
The longer you fuss about what 'should have
been', the more likely it is that important
opportunities will drift by unnoticed. Cancer, it is
time for change. Release frustrations and
troubling memories. Move on, Crab. . . move
on. 
Mine for today
Quickly get past a troubling misunderstanding
Once you've released toxic feelings,
the atmosphere visibly improves, much to your
pleasure. You're able to replace fear and
resentment with compassion and
understanding. Once you know the score, you
no longer feel threatened or disrespected. Keep
revenge out of this entire episode. 'Teaching
someone a lesson' is not appropriate. 
Greg,
Sorry it took me so long to get this to you ( the perils of bid-week).
Call me if you need anything else.
Susan
Sorry I didn't respond very promptly to your last email.  Things have been 
very emotionally draining for me around here.  I'm going to forward some of 
my recent email communications to catch you up on the issue.  After you've 
had a chance to take in the situation I would really love to hear your 
opinion.  Call or email with any insights.
Susan
Susan M Scott
09/21/2000 02:38 PM
I'm soooo good.  The chosen path was cool, indifference 
So, last night was Steak Night and with Nick and Wilson both in town we had a 
really good showing.  I got there about 7:30 with Nick, and the group's size 
swelled to about 12+ by 8:30 - 9:00.  About 8:00 I saw Kevin (Ted's pal - the 
one you meet a steak night) wandering around LW's obviously in search of 
someone.  Can you believe it?  He (Ted) knew I had organized this gathering I know that because Nick is working right across from he and Darren and 
overheard Darren encouraging Ted's attendance (mind you Ted was not in the 
email distribution) - and he had the nerve to come.  Anyway, Kevin saw me and 
came over to chat.  He informed me that "our friend Ted should be there 
shortly" to which I responded, "You would know better than me at this 
point".  The subject was dropped until he felt the need to raise it again He asked if Ted and I parted on good terms/ bad terms, etc.  I said there 
really weren't any terms, I just hadn't heard a peep out of him for about 2 
weeks.  Kevin wanted to know if I was going to break a bottle over Ted's head 
and cause a big scene.  When I said no, I think he was genuinely 
disappointed.  I said in order for me to do something like that I would have 
to care about the "loss" and that, while a week or two earlier I might have 
cared a bit more, with each passing day the "loss" seems less and less like 
much of a loss.  Kevin told me I was better-off without Ted.  To go even 
further, he informed me that there is no way he would ever let a daughter of 
his date Ted nor any of his "girl-friends".  He said that while he thought 
Ted was a great guy (i.e. fun to be around, good stories, etc.) he wasn't 
good dating material.  I agreed with Kevin saying "Ted is a great guy, he 
just makes a lousy man" (don't you like that one?).  I then went on to say 
"Anyway, I'm destined for bigger and better things, right?".  Kevin: "Much 
bigger and much better."  About this time my parents showed up...the plot 
thickens.  I introduced Kevin to my parents and since both my Dad and Kevin 
were in the Navy and attended Colorado they had much to talk about.  The two 
of them had probably been talking for about half an hour when 
"dum-da-dum-dum" Ted shows up.  He approaches our group because he sees Kevin 
and is forced to make eye-contact with me.  I give him a "hey" and he gives 
me the arm squeeze and a much too pleasant "how's it going?".  He asked what 
Kevin and my Dad were talking about, I told him the Navy, he said don't get 
Kevin started or you'll never shut him up...Then he walked away.  He never 
acknowledged my parents nor did he ever speak to me again the rest of the 
evening.  The beautiful thing is Kevin stays and talks with my Dad for 
another half hour and when Darren shows up he hangs out with "my group" for 
quite a while before going to join Ted.  My parents and I ate our steaks 
right behind Ted and then went back over to our group at the picnic table 
when we were finished.  It really was a great night.  I would almost say I 
was glowing (I was having so much fun with my friends and family and it 
wasn't a show for Ted's benefit...I really was having a great time).  So, 
when my parents decide to head out they walked over to Ted/Kevin's table to 
say good-bye to Kevin.  It was awesome.  Ted's sitting right next to Kevin 
while Kevin and my Dad are talking and appears to be actually shrinking in 
his chair.  Yet again no acknowledgement of my parents - he couldn't even 
make eye-contact.  I ended up staying there for at least another hour and 
then went with a few of the guys to the Ale House.  Needless to say I was 
very hung over today.  Anyway, there's the story...He's a complete and utter 
ass-hole.  So I'm done.  And no, there is no way he could weasel his way back 
in to my good graces 
Now on to a fun subject, my trip to London.  I bought my ticket today ( I 
think I got hosed a little bit, but it was the cheapest ticket I could find $450 before taxes).  I will arrive at Heathrow airport around 7:00 a.m. 
Friday the 6th and depart about 11:00 a.m. on Tuesday the 10th.  I'm very 
excited about the trip, I really need to get out of Houston.  I leave the 
activities in your capable hands.  ( bear in mind I will have to see Darren 
and Nick at some point).
"Single again" Sue
Bear in mind this next email wasn't sent until Friday afternoon (a full day 
and a half after the Steak Night debacle).
Susan M Scott
09/22/2000 03:56 PM
I am refraining from responding to this until I have had time to ponder 
things this weekend.
Ted Noble
09/22/2000 03:47 PM
Hey,
I apologize for being out of touch recently but I was on vacation last week 
and this week has been busy.  Things seemed a bit awkward recently and I 
would like to see if we could get a beer and chat next week if you are free 
(after Tuesday night because I'll be in Amarillo talking to feedlot operators 
early next week). Enjoy your weekend and my condolences about UT's fall out 
of the top 10.
Ted
I haven't contacted him yet...what do you think?
I tell ya Mo, it's weird.
HOROSCOPE:      Weekly  
For September 25-October 1: Better
communication is indicated this week. Issues
that have bogged you down are effectively
addressed. Don't get up and leave until you get
every answer you need. Be direct and honest,
without losing your temper. Even if others
misbehave, continue pursuing what you believe
is right. An agreement is either out of balance or
no longer desirable. You CAN make
improvements to existing paperwork, contracts,
and agreements -- as long as you remain
friendly, respectful, and well-prepared. There
can be no hostility on your end, or negotiations
will break down. 
puh-lease!   i know i just emailed you, but i had to respond.  sometimes
it's hard for me to email back in a timely manner since, w/o a laptop, i
only have computer mon-thurs.  sue, PROMISE me you WILL not sacrifice your
integrity and allow him to weasle in just b/c he has a guilty conscience.
i'm pretty sure you won't, but i'm just imagining as i sit here the stories
your mom and dad have to tell.....and that's just the tip of the iceberg!i'm
a firm believer in the one strike and you're out thoery, and of course,
based on a, his behavior in the last few weeks, b., the sage words of his
'trusty' friend kevin, who DID give your parents the time of day, c., his
behavior steak nite, and d., HIS BEHAVIOR!!!!- i'd say he's been benched.  i
wouldn't rule out an 'explanation beer', but i thinks it's time to lower the
blow, so to speak, cut your losses, and run like hell e
i have to admit, when i saw the copyline for this, i began to panic.  i
pictured you in a drunken about- to-go-over the edge rage....and then ted
stumbling onto the scene, and you unloading.  however, in lieu of the facts,
i'd say this was an unequivicable 'victory', if such a word can be used i think it's fair to say that you ended up w/ more on your side of the
tug-of-war rope, so to speak.  and although it's frustrating to see what
once seemed to be 'potential' turn into shit, it's easier to walk away- at
least i'd imagine it to be.  sounds like you're going to have a whirl-wind
trip- guess enron only can open the gates of hell to let you out for brief
blocks of time......isn't that kind of like the myth about persephone
escaping from hades......?  will try to plan a suitable agenda- still in
ther 'dazed and confused' period- been more concerned w/ where i can find
trash bags than hopping bars so far, but will try to fine tune my skills in
the time remaining- must go to class, but will write more later.  hate to
say it, but you prob. will be saddled w/ a care package for me from mom-
will try to make it in the 80lbs or less range 
Em,
So, of course, I spent this whole past weekend trying to figure out how I 
want to handle this "situation".  Basically I've decided the following:
1.  I will agree to meet him for a beer and a chat (I'm going to suggest 
Molina's - I think it's a good location, public enough & private enough)
2.  I will be calling and leaving a message with him to let him know I will 
meet with him, NO email... and will request that he do me the same courtesy.
3.  I will let him do the talking (I mean he's the one that wants to have a 
chat so he must have something to say)...at least to begin with
4.  I will NOT be a push-over 
Well, what do you think?  Any suggestions/recommendations?  I am very new to 
this whole relationship discussion thing.  More importantly, do you think 
there is ANYTHING he could say/do that would or should allow him a second 
chance?  Right now I don't know if there is, but unlike you (and you know 
this about me) I do believe in second chances.  That does not mean that a 
second chance is a given in this situation.  Get back to me when you get a 
chance 
Susan
- - I just know I would always regret not meeting with him Em.  This is a 
chance for me to prove that I can handle myself with maturity and dignity 
even with my emotions on the line.  I think ultimately, regardless of the 
outcome, it will make me a stronger person.  By the way,  we will definitely 
cover the past relationships during this chat, that is a given.
puh-lease!   i know i just emailed you, but i had to respond.  sometimes
it's hard for me to email back in a timely manner since, w/o a laptop, i
only have computer mon-thurs.  sue, PROMISE me you WILL not sacrifice your
integrity and allow him to weasle in just b/c he has a guilty conscience.
i'm pretty sure you won't, but i'm just imagining as i sit here the stories
your mom and dad have to tell.....and that's just the tip of the iceberg!i'm
a firm believer in the one strike and you're out thoery, and of course,
based on a, his behavior in the last few weeks, b., the sage words of his
'trusty' friend kevin, who DID give your parents the time of day, c., his
behavior steak nite, and d., HIS BEHAVIOR!!!!- i'd say he's been benched.  i
wouldn't rule out an 'explanation beer', but i thinks it's time to lower the
blow, so to speak, cut your losses, and run like hell e
Share information about yourself, create your own public profile at
Mom said she was keeping you up to date on everything.  So, of course, I 
spent the whole weekend trying to figure out how I want to handle this 
"situation".  Basically I've decided the following:
1.  I will agree to meet him for a beer and a chat (I'm going to suggest 
Molina's - I think it's a good location, public enough & private enough)
2.  I will be calling and leaving a message with him to let him know I will 
meet with him, NO email... and will request that he do me the same courtesy.
3.  I will let him do the talking (I mean he's the one that wants to have a 
chat so he must have something to say)...at least to begin with
4.  I will NOT be a push-over (it's not in my character anyway)
Well, what do you think?  Any suggestions/recommendations?  I am very new to 
this whole relationship discussion thing.  Most importantly, do you think 
there is anything he could say/do that would or should allow him a second 
chance?  Right now I don't know if there is.
Susan
PS - I think I'm going to come over with Mom and Dad now in November.  I've 
been checking out airfare recently, ouch!  Anyway, I think were shooting for 
Nov. 9-14.  Talk to you soon.
I heard about the ongoing saga you are currently in
the middle of.  The nerve of that boy!  I think you
are right not jumping to return his e mail.  What a
coward, that he had to e mail you and didn't even have
the decency to call you.  What a weirdo!
Chris
__________________________________________________
Do You Yahoo!?
Send instant messages & get email alerts with Yahoo! Messenger.
Hey,
If you want to email me back before Monday, you can email me at 
susan_m_scott@hotmail.com
That way I can read your reaction even though I won't be at work.
Talk to you soon,
Sue
I am refraining from responding to this until I have had time to ponder 
things this weekend.
Ted Noble
09/22/2000 03:47 PM
Hey,
I apologize for being out of touch recently but I was on vacation last week 
and this week has been busy.  Things seemed a bit awkward recently and I 
would like to see if we could get a beer and chat next week if you are free 
(after Tuesday night because I'll be in Amarillo talking to feedlot operators 
early next week). Enjoy your weekend and my condolences about UT's fall out 
of the top 10.
Ted
It's kind of funny, everybody has the same feeling about the "Ted situation" 
- utter disappointment.  But yes, it is definitely his loss.  And, I loved 
the fact that Kevin (his friend) spent so much time talking to my Dad because 
that had to make Ted feel like a complete jerk (which he is).
I'm am very excited about my trip to London.  The other guy I mentioned in 
the email, Darren, is going to be working over there for a few months so I'll 
get to see him there as well.  Plus, in November I'm going to visit my 
brother and his wife in South Korea which should be interesting.  The globe 
trotting continues.
Your weekend sounds like it's going to be pretty fun.  I wish I could be 
there as well, but it is football season so I will be in Austin this 
weekend.  I've signed up for all these internet airfare specials though, so 
if some great fares come up for Houston to San Diego I can take advantage of 
them.  Talk to you soon.
Susan
- - Deep down I think I knew there was something wrong with him.  I think 
that's why I never pressed about the past relationships thing (you know, 
afraid of what I might find out).
My several hours of on-line research on this last Sept. turned up nothing on 
point.  The only case that even addressed the issue of confidentiality of 
contracts in a certificate context was one I'll excerpt here:
**
In Maritimes & Northeast Pipeline, L.L.C., 80 FERC P 61,346 (1997 Maritimes requested confidentiality for the precedent agreements it 
submitted. Commission staff denied the blanket request, but indicated that 
Maritimes could request that specific provisions be kept confidential. 
Maritimes subsequently requested that the contract terms and various cut-off 
dates [FN29] in the precedent agreements be kept confidential because such 
information was commercially sensitive. On the other hand, Maritimes 
requested that the terms and conditions of the backstop agreements be kept 
confidential, but was willing to make the contract terms of 10 and 20 years 
public. Generally, the Commission will deny blanket requests for 
confidentiality of agreements that are submitted to demonstrate market 
support for new facilities. [FN30] However, in the instance case, the 
contract terms of the backstop agreements are public and, thus, evidence of 
longterm subscriptions for Maritimes proposal are in the public record and 
support our finding that Maritimes has demonstrated a market for its proposed 
services. Therefore, we find no compelling reason to require the length of 
the terms of the other precedent agreements or the cut-off dates to be made 
public. 
FN29 Cut off dates refer to points in time when individual contracts could 
terminate contingent on the
occurrence of certain events.
FN30 See, e.g., Colorado Interstate Gas Company, 76 FERC P 61,291 (1996).
**
In Amoco Production Company and Amoco Energy Trading Company V. Natural Gas 
Pipeline Company of America, 82 FERC P 61,037 (1998), which involved a 
request for confidentiality of a gas sales agreement, the Commission 
explained why a gas sales agreement should be given confidential treatment 
but transportation contracts should not 
the Commission has explicitly held that gas transportation rates stand on a 
different
footing from gas sales rates because pipelines and their competitors are 
subject to similar disclosure
requirements. In ANR Pipeline Co., the Commission explained that unlike gas 
sales in a
competitive market, transportation of natural gas is still regulated under 
the assumption that the pipeline
exercises market power. Even where transportation competition exists, that 
competition is from other
pipelines that are likely to be subject to similar filing and reporting 
requirements. 
There were several cases denying confidential treatment of rates in the 
context of Section 4 cases 
Just to make sure I found everything, I'll do some follow up sometime in the 
next few days and let you know if I find anything. 
Susan's draft has inspired me to vent months worth of frustration at the 
Commission.  To save Susan from trying to translate my weird scribbles, I'm 
having Martha type up my vitriol.  Please hold off on detailed comments on 
Susan's draft unless you've already finished them.  I'll circulate a revised 
draft to you all later today.  In the mean time, Susan and Frank and Steve, 
are there not some cases in which the Commission has specifically granted 
confidential treatment of precedent agreements or discount agreements in 
expansion cases.  I know the bulk of authority is against us, but I seem to 
recall at least a few stray decisions where the Commission granted confid. 
treatment (even if only for a limited time).  Lets talk.  Thanks. DF 
Here is the attachment 
Attached is my draft of a request for rehearing.  It incorporates Mr. 
Stojic's and Mr. Kelly's initial comments.  Please review it and let me know 
if you have any comments on or before Tuesday afternoon (I will be out of the 
office Monday).  Thank you!
Corey,
Here's an update, I sent this to Emily earlier today.  Let me know about this 
weekend (i.e. the game, tomorrow night, etc. etc.)
Susan
Susan M Scott
09/21/2000 02:38 PM
I'm soooo good.  The chosen path was cool, indifference 
So, last night was Steak Night and with Nick and Wilson both in town we had a 
really good showing.  I got there about 7:30 with Nick, and the group's size 
swelled to about 12+ by 8:30 - 9:00.  About 8:00 I saw Kevin (Ted's pal - the 
one you meet a steak night) wandering around LW's obviously in search of 
someone.  Can you believe it?  He (Ted) knew I had organized this gathering I know that because Nick is working right across from he and Darren and 
overheard Darren encouraging Ted's attendance (mind you Ted was not in the 
email distribution) - and he had the nerve to come.  Anyway, Kevin saw me and 
came over to chat.  He informed me that "our friend Ted should be there 
shortly" to which I responded, "You would know better than me at this 
point".  The subject was dropped until he felt the need to raise it again He asked if Ted and I parted on good terms/ bad terms, etc.  I said there 
really weren't any terms, I just hadn't heard a peep out of him for about 2 
weeks.  Kevin wanted to know if I was going to break a bottle over Ted's head 
and cause a big scene.  When I said no, I think he was genuinely 
disappointed.  I said in order for me to do something like that I would have 
to care about the "loss" and that, while a week or two earlier I might have 
cared a bit more, with each passing day the "loss" seems less and less like 
much of a loss.  Kevin told me I was better-off without Ted.  To go even 
further, he informed me that there is no way he would ever let a daughter of 
his date Ted nor any of his "girl-friends".  He said that while he thought 
Ted was a great guy (i.e. fun to be around, good stories, etc.) he wasn't 
good dating material.  I agreed with Kevin saying "Ted is a great guy, he 
just makes a lousy man" (don't you like that one?).  I then went on to say 
"Anyway, I'm destined for bigger and better things, right?".  Kevin: "Much 
bigger and much better."  About this time my parents showed up...the plot 
thickens.  I introduced Kevin to my parents and since both my Dad and Kevin 
were in the Navy and attended Colorado they had much to talk about.  The two 
of them had probably been talking for about half an hour when 
"dum-da-dum-dum" Ted shows up.  He approaches our group because he sees Kevin 
and is forced to make eye-contact with me.  I give him a "hey" and he gives 
me the arm squeeze and a much too pleasant "how's it going?".  He asked what 
Kevin and my Dad were talking about, I told him the Navy, he said don't get 
Kevin started or you'll never shut him up...Then he walked away.  He never 
acknowledged my parents nor did he ever speak to me again the rest of the 
evening.  The beautiful thing is Kevin stays and talks with my Dad for 
another half hour and when Darren shows up he hangs out with "my group" for 
quite a while before going to join Ted.  My parents and I ate our steaks 
right behind Ted and then went back over to our group at the picnic table 
when we were finished.  It really was a great night.  I would almost say I 
was glowing (I was having so much fun with my friends and family and it 
wasn't a show for Ted's benefit...I really was having a great time).  So, 
when my parents decide to head out they walked over to Ted/Kevin's table to 
say good-bye to Kevin.  It was awesome.  Ted's sitting right next to Kevin 
while Kevin and my Dad are talking and appears to be actually shrinking in 
his chair.  Yet again no acknowledgement of my parents - he couldn't even 
make eye-contact.  I ended up staying there for at least another hour and 
then went with a few of the guys to the Ale House.  Needless to say I was 
very hung over today.  Anyway, there's the story...He's a complete and utter 
ass-hole.  So I'm done.  And no, there is no way he could weasel his way back 
in to my good graces 
Now on to a fun subject, my trip to London.  I bought my ticket today ( I 
think I got hosed a little bit, but it was the cheapest ticket I could find $450 before taxes).  I will arrive at Heathrow airport around 7:00 a.m. 
Friday the 6th and depart about 11:00 a.m. on Tuesday the 10th.  I'm very 
excited about the trip, I really need to get out of Houston.  I leave the 
activities in your capable hands.  ( bear in mind I will have to see Darren 
and Nick at some point).
"Single again" Sue
In an effort to save a little time I'm forwarding you the email I just sent 
my friend Emily in London.  Get back to me if you would like me to expound on 
anything.  Turns out he's a real jerk.
Susan
Susan M Scott
09/21/2000 02:38 PM
I'm soooo good.  The chosen path was cool, indifference 
So, last night was Steak Night and with Nick and Wilson both in town we had a 
really good showing.  I got there about 7:30 with Nick, and the group's size 
swelled to about 12+ by 8:30 - 9:00.  About 8:00 I saw Kevin (Ted's pal - the 
one you meet a steak night) wandering around LW's obviously in search of 
someone.  Can you believe it?  He (Ted) knew I had organized this gathering I know that because Nick is working right across from he and Darren and 
overheard Darren encouraging Ted's attendance (mind you Ted was not in the 
email distribution) - and he had the nerve to come.  Anyway, Kevin saw me and 
came over to chat.  He informed me that "our friend Ted should be there 
shortly" to which I responded, "You would know better than me at this 
point".  The subject was dropped until he felt the need to raise it again He asked if Ted and I parted on good terms/ bad terms, etc.  I said there 
really weren't any terms, I just hadn't heard a peep out of him for about 2 
weeks.  Kevin wanted to know if I was going to break a bottle over Ted's head 
and cause a big scene.  When I said no, I think he was genuinely 
disappointed.  I said in order for me to do something like that I would have 
to care about the "loss" and that, while a week or two earlier I might have 
cared a bit more, with each passing day the "loss" seems less and less like 
much of a loss.  Kevin told me I was better-off without Ted.  To go even 
further, he informed me that there is no way he would ever let a daughter of 
his date Ted nor any of his "girl-friends".  He said that while he thought 
Ted was a great guy (i.e. fun to be around, good stories, etc.) he wasn't 
good dating material.  I agreed with Kevin saying "Ted is a great guy, he 
just makes a lousy man" (don't you like that one?).  I then went on to say 
"Anyway, I'm destined for bigger and better things, right?".  Kevin: "Much 
bigger and much better."  About this time my parents showed up...the plot 
thickens.  I introduced Kevin to my parents and since both my Dad and Kevin 
were in the Navy and attended Colorado they had much to talk about.  The two 
of them had probably been talking for about half an hour when 
"dum-da-dum-dum" Ted shows up.  He approaches our group because he sees Kevin 
and is forced to make eye-contact with me.  I give him a "hey" and he gives 
me the arm squeeze and a much too pleasant "how's it going?".  He asked what 
Kevin and my Dad were talking about, I told him the Navy, he said don't get 
Kevin started or you'll never shut him up...Then he walked away.  He never 
acknowledged my parents nor did he ever speak to me again the rest of the 
evening.  The beautiful thing is Kevin stays and talks with my Dad for 
another half hour and when Darren shows up he hangs out with "my group" for 
quite a while before going to join Ted.  My parents and I ate our steaks 
right behind Ted and then went back over to our group at the picnic table 
when we were finished.  It really was a great night.  I would almost say I 
was glowing (I was having so much fun with my friends and family and it 
wasn't a show for Ted's benefit...I really was having a great time).  So, 
when my parents decide to head out they walked over to Ted/Kevin's table to 
say good-bye to Kevin.  It was awesome.  Ted's sitting right next to Kevin 
while Kevin and my Dad are talking and appears to be actually shrinking in 
his chair.  Yet again no acknowledgement of my parents - he couldn't even 
make eye-contact.  I ended up staying there for at least another hour and 
then went with a few of the guys to the Ale House.  Needless to say I was 
very hung over today.  Anyway, there's the story...He's a complete and utter 
ass-hole.  So I'm done.  And no, there is no way he could weasel his way back 
in to my good graces 
Now on to a fun subject, my trip to London.  I bought my ticket today ( I 
think I got hosed a little bit, but it was the cheapest ticket I could find $450 before taxes).  I will arrive at Heathrow airport around 7:00 a.m. 
Friday the 6th and depart about 11:00 a.m. on Tuesday the 10th.  I'm very 
excited about the trip, I really need to get out of Houston.  I leave the 
activities in your capable hands.  ( bear in mind I will have to see Darren 
and Nick at some point).
"Single again" Sue
I'm soooo good.  The chosen path was cool, indifference 
So, last night was Steak Night and with Nick and Wilson both in town we had a 
really good showing.  I got there about 7:30 with Nick, and the group's size 
swelled to about 12+ by 8:30 - 9:00.  About 8:00 I saw Kevin (Ted's pal - the 
one you meet a steak night) wandering around LW's obviously in search of 
someone.  Can you believe it?  He (Ted) knew I had organized this gathering I know that because Nick is working right across from he and Darren and 
overheard Darren encouraging Ted's attendance (mind you Ted was not in the 
email distribution) - and he had the nerve to come.  Anyway, Kevin saw me and 
came over to chat.  He informed me that "our friend Ted should be there 
shortly" to which I responded, "You would know better than me at this 
point".  The subject was dropped until he felt the need to raise it again He asked if Ted and I parted on good terms/ bad terms, etc.  I said there 
really weren't any terms, I just hadn't heard a peep out of him for about 2 
weeks.  Kevin wanted to know if I was going to break a bottle over Ted's head 
and cause a big scene.  When I said no, I think he was genuinely 
disappointed.  I said in order for me to do something like that I would have 
to care about the "loss" and that, while a week or two earlier I might have 
cared a bit more, with each passing day the "loss" seems less and less like 
much of a loss.  Kevin told me I was better-off without Ted.  To go even 
further, he informed me that there is no way he would ever let a daughter of 
his date Ted nor any of his "girl-friends".  He said that while he thought 
Ted was a great guy (i.e. fun to be around, good stories, etc.) he wasn't 
good dating material.  I agreed with Kevin saying "Ted is a great guy, he 
just makes a lousy man" (don't you like that one?).  I then went on to say 
"Anyway, I'm destined for bigger and better things, right?".  Kevin: "Much 
bigger and much better."  About this time my parents showed up...the plot 
thickens.  I introduced Kevin to my parents and since both my Dad and Kevin 
were in the Navy and attended Colorado they had much to talk about.  The two 
of them had probably been talking for about half an hour when 
"dum-da-dum-dum" Ted shows up.  He approaches our group because he sees Kevin 
and is forced to make eye-contact with me.  I give him a "hey" and he gives 
me the arm squeeze and a much too pleasant "how's it going?".  He asked what 
Kevin and my Dad were talking about, I told him the Navy, he said don't get 
Kevin started or you'll never shut him up...Then he walked away.  He never 
acknowledged my parents nor did he ever speak to me again the rest of the 
evening.  The beautiful thing is Kevin stays and talks with my Dad for 
another half hour and when Darren shows up he hangs out with "my group" for 
quite a while before going to join Ted.  My parents and I ate our steaks 
right behind Ted and then went back over to our group at the picnic table 
when we were finished.  It really was a great night.  I would almost say I 
was glowing (I was having so much fun with my friends and family and it 
wasn't a show for Ted's benefit...I really was having a great time).  So, 
when my parents decide to head out they walked over to Ted/Kevin's table to 
say good-bye to Kevin.  It was awesome.  Ted's sitting right next to Kevin 
while Kevin and my Dad are talking and appears to be actually shrinking in 
his chair.  Yet again no acknowledgement of my parents - he couldn't even 
make eye-contact.  I ended up staying there for at least another hour and 
then went with a few of the guys to the Ale House.  Needless to say I was 
very hung over today.  Anyway, there's the story...He's a complete and utter 
ass-hole.  So I'm done.  And no, there is no way he could weasel his way back 
in to my good graces 
Now on to a fun subject, my trip to London.  I bought my ticket today ( I 
think I got hosed a little bit, but it was the cheapest ticket I could find $450 before taxes).  I will arrive at Heathrow airport around 7:00 a.m. 
Friday the 6th and depart about 11:00 a.m. on Tuesday the 10th.  I'm very 
excited about the trip, I really need to get out of Houston.  I leave the 
activities in your capable hands.  ( bear in mind I will have to see Darren 
and Nick at some point).
"Single again" Sue
What time are you heading out today?
Hey Wilson,
Steak night is on...And, yes Darren really did give me your keys and I've 
already handed them off to Ben.  Also, you'll be interested to know that my 
parents might make it tonight for a little while so you may get to meet 
them.  See you tonight.
Susan
Already done.
Susan
Thanks for the advice/humor.  I'm feeling much better today.  I knew 
yesterday was going to be pretty rough and not much fun as his communication 
or lack thereof would speak volumes.  (And his silence definitely said a lot)
Everyone's pretty much on the same page as far as their disappointment in 
said individual goes.  I think we all expected a little bit more out of him Oh well, so I'm single again.  Just think how incredible it'll be when I find 
someone I feel even more for than Ted (at least that's what I'm focusing 
on).  So do we know if Pat Fitzgerald is single?
Anyway, I've found I'm not that attracted to cowards (which is exactly the 
catagory I'd put Ted in right now).
Hope everything's good with you (especially the firm recruiting).  I'm coming 
up this weekend for the game - hopefully Friday night - and wanted to see if 
you and Doug wanted to go out either Friday night or after the game 
Saturday.  I hope you guys are planning on going to the game because I'd love 
to sit with you.
Talk to you soon,
Susan
PS - Check out the list of individuals for our girls night out the Thurs...I 
don't think I'm going to go (I don't have enough time to waste on people I'm 
not that fond of)
"'MATTOSO, ANGELA '"      "'Susan.M.Scott@ '"  "'ashley.craddock@ac.com '"  "'Lauren.Delorenzo@newboston.com '"  "'Lisa.A.Meador@chase.com '"  "'JPATERSO@houstonisd.org '"  "'JPATERSON@houstonisd.org '"  "'jesspat@excite.com yo, I know.
yo, ben is sitting across from me, w/ Randy.
Hi Susan.
Sorry I didn't respond to your email yesterday.  I opened it in between
classes, but never got back to my comouter and was out eating with a firm
until 11:00.  I will be glad when all of this is over.
The jury is split on what you should do.  Knowing myself, I would want to
know what happened...  i.e. what's the matter with him?  I think I would ask
him-- in a non-confrontational-- almost joking way-- like I didn't really
care either way but was just wondering-- why he stopped calling, etc.  I say
that, but I have never done that before, so I don't really know if that is
what I wish I would do, or if that really is what I would do-- and this has
happened to me lots of times.  Usually, I just write the guy off as gay or
stupid 
Leslie (and though I haven't talked to my mom, I know she would agree) says
not to give him any satisfaction of knowing you care.  Just act pleasant and
normal as if nothing has happened and is if you were actually the one who
stopped the contact-- maybe he thinks you were, you never know.  I think
this is a good tactic if you are sure your curiosity and need to tell him
off won't eat at you.
Actually, in practice, I usually combine these tactics.  Remember when
Michael Stockton was so rude to me freshman year?  First I called him and
told him off (Laura made me), then I ignored him (pleasantly, though)for
about four months until he couldn't stand it and started asking Laura about
me.
In other words, both tactics are good.  I really think you ought to do what
makes you feel the best.  If you confront him, he might say something you
don't want to hear, but then again, you will get some resolution.  If you
don't confront him, you can always chalk it up to his homosexuality and you
can feel better knowing he thinks you don't care 
If I ever see him again, I will ignore him (blatantly).
Don't worry about it too much-- we should feel sorry for people who are
still confused about their sexuality at 31.  Isn't he a little old to be
living in the closet?
Let me know what happens.
-Corey
Share information about yourself, create your own public profile at
I have confirmations from Ben, Sunil, and Rudi.  Is there anyone else I left 
off the email?
Talk to you soon,
Susan
- - You'll have to come up and visit 32 at some point.
Here is a draft of the compliance filing regarding our operational control 
agreement with ECS.  Please let me know your comments by C.O.B. tomorrow.  At 
this point I'm not planning to file the agreement, just a report as requested 
by the Commission.
I'm still working with ECS to finalize the agreement.  Their attorney is 
checking with his resident experts to make sure ECS, by expressly giving TW 
Operational Control, does not somehow cross the line into retail wheeling.  I 
do not expect the agreement to change significantly 
Here are the email addresses again.  I'll shoot you off an email before I 
come over...hopefully, by that time you'll be somewhat settled and have a 
phone number where you can be reached.  Or, I may just see you at the 
office.  I have to pay a visit as there are a several people working over 
there now that I used to work with here (plus, I may try to set up a few 
interviews 
katyhester@hotmail.com
ehillegeist@hotmail.com
Susan
Darren Maloney@
09/18/2000 04:41 PM
I think I deleted your friends emails in London.....can you send  these 
again?  I need a contact point for you when you come, you know 
Thks --Darren
 IT MAKES YOU THINK
 Sometime in between moving into
 the dorm,
 And begging for an ID,
 Somewhere in the middle of an 8
 o'clock class,
 And watching Friends on our 8 inch
 TV.
 Sometime after the night you
 forgot,
 With the guy you don't remember.
 Maybe before the five tests in
 three days,
 Or the party every night in
 September.
 Sometime in the car on the way to
 Daytona,
 For the road-trip of the year.
 After class gets out with that gay
 TA,
 After you finish the last warm
 beer.
 Shortly after you figured out,
 This newfangled 'e-mail' thing.
 And after you stopped dreaming
 about,
 The fun a 21 ID would bring.
 Maybe the morning after you pulled
 the all-nighter,
 But finally got the paper done,
 Or maybe when you can't remember,
 The last Sunday night you had fun.
 Somewhere between the day you met
 your dorm roommate,
 And you were sure you got one of
 the duds,
 And the day 4 years later when
 she's still your roommate,
 And she's one of your best buds.
 Definitely after you realized how
 lucky you are,
 To have such a great group of
 friends,
 And after you get that sick
 feeling in you stomach,
 Wondering what will happen when it
 ends.
 Maybe on the beach for spring
 break,
 Hot sun, tan bodies, cold beer.
 Maybe after you started looking
 for a job,
 And your happy world turned to
 fear.
 Soon after you discovered there's
 just not enough time,
 To do everything you should.
 But not before you realized
 Thanksgiving dinner,
 Never tasted so good.
 Sometime after the day your
 parents came to visit,
 So you were forced to make your
 bed.
 Or the morning after a tough night
 at the bars,
 And you can't believe the things
 you said.
 Sometime after you enjoy the
 beautiful weather,
 Though it means missing a class.
 >Probably after laughing on
 Homecoming weekend,
 Watching old alumni drunk off
 their collective ass.
 Somewhere between day one and year
 four,
 The best years of your life were
 spent.
 And looking back with a smile and
 a sigh,
 You wonder where those years went.
 You try to figure out who made you
 a victim,
 Of the most serious crime,
 You offer a reward for any
 information leading,
 To the one who stole the time.
 The day is coming closer, and
 closer,
 Until one day it will be your
 last,
 And someone is guilty of doing
 this to you,
 The years have gone way too fast.
 Sometime when you were too busy to
 notice,
 Happy as a newborn pup,
 Someone came along and did the
 unthinkable.
 Somebody grew us up.