Yeah, and heth goth  a lisp.   Missed you at the Bay-Bash on Friday.  A lot 
of fun!  Adios.  DF
Drew,
Who is Frank Bayouth?  Did Frank Bay change his name?
R-
Q:  What has ECI done for me lately?  A:  Forced me to get new business 
cards.  Thanks a lot.  DF  
Sent by: Office of the Chairman
Dear Enron Employees:
With the addition of communications to our core businesses, it is 
appropriate for us to modify our existing tag line to simply "Endless 
possibilities."  This change is effective immediately and replaces our 
current tag line of "Natural gas. Electricity. Endless possibilities."
To achieve our goal of a unified Enron brand, each employee has the 
responsibility to make the Enron image a consistent and strong identity This is partially accomplished through correct application of the logo and 
tag line.  A revised Corporate Identity Guidelines Book has been developed to 
assist you in following the correct standards.  You may obain a copy of this 
new book by completing a Forms Request and ordering Item #42629.    These 
guidelines will also be made available electronically on the Brand Site at 
home.enron.com.
We'd like to take this opportunity to remind all of you about the importance 
of maintaining a consistent look, especially with our stationery and business 
cards.  It has come to our attention recently that some employees are having 
these items produced by outside vendors and are not following the established 
guidelines.  This must stop immediately.  Please use the internal resources 
available to you for these items.  They will ensure that all guidelines are 
followed correctly and consistently.  If you have questions on how to get 
these items or on the guidelines, you may contact Marge Nadasky in Corporate 
Identity at marge.nadasky@.
One name, one company....one Enron.  Our recent reorganization brings us 
another step closer to realizing this goal.  Please make sure you do your 
part to protect and strengthen the Enron brand around the world.
Thank you for your continued support and cooperation.
Office of the Chairman
Please print memo and attachment.  thanks. Df
You have received an e-mail from Virginia O=01,Neill scheduling the=20
Stategy/Business Planning Meeting for next Tuesday.  Mike McGowan and I will=20
be facilitating the meeting with Bill Cordes.
As most of you are aware, ET&S maintained a high-level Business Plan in 1999=20
which summarized the major areas of focus for Company activities and=20
enumerated many of the underlying specific initiatives.  It was intended and=20
understood that individual task force, team, or project activities would be=20
undertaken in support of the key focus items included in the plan.  The=20
intent has been to review and update the plan and the support activities on a=20
quarterly basis.  The most recent version of the plan is attached.
It is ET&S=01, goal to update the plan at the same level of detail in the first=20
quarter of 2000 and to again use it as a focal point for quarterly planning=20
discussions.  The meeting next Tuesday is intended to provide the discussion=20
base and general consensus on the key business issues to incorporate into the=20
next update.
Bill Cordes has asked that each of the participants provide input to the=20
meeting by determining, prior to the discussion, a list of the 3 areas of=20
ET&S focus which they believe are the most critical to the shaping of the=20
Company direction in the years 2000 and 2001.  The individual lists will be=20
consolidated and utilized as a basis for the Tuesday meeting.  In order for=20
that consolidation to take place, please provide me with your individual=20
lists of the 3 critical areas by e-mail no later than noon on Monday, January=20
17th.
Thank you for your participation, and I will look forward to meeting with you=20
on Tuesday.
Lou G.
pls put on my calendar.  thanks df
Sent by: Alma Navarro
You are invited to join Stan Horton=01,s staff meeting this Monday, July 17, at=20
10:00 a.m.  As usual, the meeting will be held via videoconference, so you=20
can join us in EB49C2 in Houston or in OMA717 in Omaha.  The meeting will=20
probably last about a half-hour.
See you Monday.
Dave Schafer
can you get this to do what it is supposed to?  I hope its not a porno 
picture.  DF
?
[IMAGE]
[IMAGE]
[IMAGE]
[IMAGE]
[IMAGE]
[IMAGE]
[IMAGE][IMAGE][IMAGE][IMAGE][IMAGE][IMAGE][IMAGE]
- laheader.gif
- la17.jpgt
- la15.jpgt
- la12.jpgt
- la14.jpgt
- lahometext.gif
- book01.gif
- contact01.gif
- links01.gif
- meet01.gif
- oils01.gif
- watercolors01.gif
- work01.gif
pls let me know if this looks ok to you.  thanks df
Christine Stokes
07/17/2000 10:28 AM
TRANSWESTERN PIPELINE COMPANY 
INTERACTIVE OPEN SEASON 
APPROVAL REQUEST
Please review the attached file for the announcement of Transwestern's 
Interactive Open Season (IOS) to be held Friday, July 21, 2000.  The 
following summarizes the bidding rules and capacity definition for the two 
bid packages of East of Thoreau (EOT) to California capacity:
Package 1:
Volume: 20,000 Dth/d
Term:  3 months (August - October, 2000)
Path:  East of Thoreau to California.  Maximum available delivery capacity 
of 12,000 Dth/d at Needles, Ca.  Remaining may be chosen between
PG&E and Mojave.
Package 2:
Volume: 49,000 Dth/d
Term:  12 Months (November 1, 2000 - Oct. 31, 2001)
Path:  East of Thoreau to California.  Maximum available delivery capacity
of 35,000 Dth/d at Needles, Cal.  Remaining may be chosen between
PG&E and Mojave.
Bidders may bid on either a 1-part or a 2-part rate structure for the entire 
capacity amount posted.   No partial volume bids are accepted.  Bid packages 
are considered mutually exclusive.     No minimum bid rate is posted 
therefore Transwestern is not obligated to accept any bids if the bids are 
valued as unacceptable.  Transwestern shall award capacity based upon Highest 
Rate criteria.
If any questions arise please contact Christine Stokes at x35702.
Please indicated approval via REPLY WITH HISTORY.
Thanks Susan--I agree with your analysis of the tying issue.  It ain't tying 
if we aren't restricting access to the service--we are just offering 
selective discounts.  Christine--I'm OK with it.  Thanks. DF 
Drew -- I've looked at this and it is fine; really does not deviate from what 
we have posted before.
One issue that arose Friday was whether our all-or-nothing approach (i.e shipper must take all 49,000 dth of capacity or none at all -- or all 20,000 
or none at all) constitutes tying.  The 49,000 package includes 35,000 to 
North Needles and 14,000 to Topock.  So if a shipper wants the Needles space 
it has to take the Topock space too.  This looked like a clear case of tying 
to me until I remembered that this capacity is now, and has been, posted and 
available and any shipper can bid on any part of the Needles space right now 
if they wanted to and we'd sell it to them without making them take the 
Topock space.  That'll be true during the IOS too -- i.e., nothing can stop 
shippers from bidding on the Needles space outside of the IOS process.  This 
is just a situation in which we're putting a special package together with 
the expectation that the price will reflect the fact that the less desirable 
Topock space is part of that package 
Does this make sense to you?  If not, give me a call.
pls let me know if this looks ok to you.  thanks df
Christine Stokes
07/17/2000 10:28 AM
TRANSWESTERN PIPELINE COMPANY 
INTERACTIVE OPEN SEASON 
APPROVAL REQUEST
Please review the attached file for the announcement of Transwestern's 
Interactive Open Season (IOS) to be held Friday, July 21, 2000.  The 
following summarizes the bidding rules and capacity definition for the two 
bid packages of East of Thoreau (EOT) to California capacity:
Package 1:
Volume: 20,000 Dth/d
Term:  3 months (August - October, 2000)
Path:  East of Thoreau to California.  Maximum available delivery capacity 
of 12,000 Dth/d at Needles, Ca.  Remaining may be chosen between
PG&E and Mojave.
Package 2:
Volume: 49,000 Dth/d
Term:  12 Months (November 1, 2000 - Oct. 31, 2001)
Path:  East of Thoreau to California.  Maximum available delivery capacity
of 35,000 Dth/d at Needles, Cal.  Remaining may be chosen between
PG&E and Mojave.
Bidders may bid on either a 1-part or a 2-part rate structure for the entire 
capacity amount posted.   No partial volume bids are accepted.  Bid packages 
are considered mutually exclusive.     No minimum bid rate is posted 
therefore Transwestern is not obligated to accept any bids if the bids are 
valued as unacceptable.  Transwestern shall award capacity based upon Highest 
Rate criteria.
If any questions arise please contact Christine Stokes at x35702.
Please indicated approval via REPLY WITH HISTORY.
pls print.  thanks df
07/17/2000 04:55 PM
Louis Soldano
Louis Soldano
Louis Soldano
07/17/2000 04:55 PM
07/17/2000 04:55 PM
gents - the figures are looking better.   a few more rounds and we'll be a 
profit center 
Eric and I will put something together on a company by company basis for our 
discussions Attached is the latest version of the 2001 Budget.
07/17/2000 03:06 PM
Louis Soldano
Louis Soldano
Louis Soldano
07/17/2000 03:06 PM
07/17/2000 03:06 PM
James - if you could run the consolidated adn return to eric and myself as we 
discussed.
I'm not 100% comfortable with CE and i will continue to work on it....thx!!
FYI.  Interesting, and no significant deviations from what we discussed.  Dan 
was up here yesterday with Stan.  He seems like a good guy and is pretty gung 
ho about getting on board.  Lets keep in touch.  DF 
Sent by: Lisa Costello
ATTACHED IS AN IMPORTANT ORGANIZATION ANNOUNCEMENT THAT SHOULD GO OUT TO ALL 
GPG EMPLOYEES IMMEDIATELY:
The timeliness and confidentiality of this announcement have made it 
impossible for us to use the Notes Team to handle distribution via e-mail, as 
would normally be the case.  As a result, please forward the message to 
everyone in your respective department(s).
Note to those of you whose departments include field locations:  We are 
sending the announcement to all field locations via burst FAX, so you should 
not need to e-mail copies.  Faxes will be distributed at approximately 10:30 
this morning.
Please call Lisa Costello (x31819) if you have any questions.
FYI.  I met Dan yesterday for the first time--seem like a very good guy.  DF
Martha Benner
07/17/2000 10:48 AM
Sent by: Lisa Costello
ATTACHED IS AN IMPORTANT ORGANIZATION ANNOUNCEMENT THAT SHOULD GO OUT TO ALL 
GPG EMPLOYEES IMMEDIATELY:
The timeliness and confidentiality of this announcement have made it 
impossible for us to use the Notes Team to handle distribution via e-mail, as 
would normally be the case.  As a result, please forward the message to 
everyone in your respective department(s).
Note to those of you whose departments include field locations:  We are 
sending the announcement to all field locations via burst FAX, so you should 
not need to e-mail copies.  Faxes will be distributed at approximately 10:30 
this morning.
Please call Lisa Costello (x31819) if you have any questions.
-FYI--this is the kind of significant organizational change that in the old 
days would have spurred us to dash over to Happy Hollow and drink a bunch of 
beer and pretend to play golf.  Had you guys heard anything about this I'd appreciate your thoughts.  DF 
Sent by: Lisa Costello
ATTACHED IS AN IMPORTANT ORGANIZATION ANNOUNCEMENT THAT SHOULD GO OUT TO ALL 
GPG EMPLOYEES IMMEDIATELY:
The timeliness and confidentiality of this announcement have made it 
impossible for us to use the Notes Team to handle distribution via e-mail, as 
would normally be the case.  As a result, please forward the message to 
everyone in your respective department(s).
Note to those of you whose departments include field locations:  We are 
sending the announcement to all field locations via burst FAX, so you should 
not need to e-mail copies.  Faxes will be distributed at approximately 10:30 
this morning.
Please call Lisa Costello (x31819) if you have any questions.
I'd prefer that we give them a high level bullet point type summary rather 
than a draft of the filing itself.  DF
As I have mentioned already a couple of times, the Commercial Group feels it 
is important to have something to present to customers.  My concern is that 
if we just tell them about it over lunch or over the phone, something is 
going to be ignored or lost in the translation, and then we'll have a dozen 
protests to contend with.  Surely we've presented new services to customers 
before in advance of filing...if so, how did we go about it?
Also, are you OK with filing July 31, or just as soon as we can get a 
prefiling conference with FERC?
I'm going over it and hope to have comments to you shortly-  we don't usually 
share the draft, just the concept which I don't see any hold up on that, but 
since we're still working on it, I don't want to give them a hardcopy-  MK
I spoke with Steve Stojic about this and he had the same concern.  Even 
though I was trying to keep this out of the new rate schedule requirements by 
not making it a rate schedule, I believe I still managed to cover many 
checklist items.  One that is not covered is testimony similar to what might 
be filed in a rate case, in order to justify market based rates.  We are 
planning to include a revenue estimate.  I'll go over these and make sure 
everything is addressed before filing.
Are you OK with this filing from a general conceptual standpoint?  The 
marketers want to start giving a draft to customers for them to review 
beginning TODAY.
Susan, 
In reviewing the proposed filing I had some questions.  On page 2 in the 
discussion of ensuring sufficient capacity we offer to establish position 
guidelines, do we need to outline these and either include them as an exhibit 
or have them ready for reply to either protesters or a staff data request Secondly, if we regard this as a new service does our filing comply with all 
aspects of 154.202 (a) (ii), (iii), (iv) (A) & (B), (v), (vi), (viii) and 
(ix)?  In recent filings the staff has challenged our filings in terms of 
addressing each of these requirements.  I believe many our covered but 
thought you might like to double check for compliance.  What about a revenue 
estimate? Seems like we need one, even if its still very speculative.
Glen 
Attached for your review is a draft of Transport Options filing that 
incorporates the comments and suggestions I've received since last week Please provide any further suggestions/changes to me as soon as possible, but 
in no case later than close of business, Friday, July 14 
The timeline I've discussed with TW Commercial for this project is as follows:
Final draft comments   Friday, July 14
Circulate draft to customers,
customer meetings, time for
customers to respond, informal 
discussion with FERC   Mon. July 17 - Wed. July 26
Final internal review/edit of filing  Thursday, July 27
FERC filing    Monday, July 31
Please let me know your comments on this proposed timeline as well.  Thank 
you.
Leslie Lawner called and asked if TW could help with the funding of this 
organization.  As you will recall, the "NM First" group has taken positions 
on right of way issues that are consistent with TW/Enron's view on Indian 
right of way issues.  Leslie asked if we could kick in $1000.  I leave this 
to you guys to weigh in on--If you think it's worthwhile, let me know and one 
of us can get back to Leslie.  I'm happy to help out with the funding if you 
think it would be useful.  DF  
Leslie Lawner@EES
07/14/2000 02:45 PM
Pls handle this.  Thanks. DF
Hoyt Ivey
01/11/2000 08:14 AM
Please review the attached page assignment for the 1999 Transwestern Pipeline 
Company/Northern Natural Gas Company FERC Form 2.  Notify me by Friday 
(01/14/2000)
via Lotus Notes of any changes you would like to make.
On Thursday (01/20/2000) I'll mail blank Form 2 Pages to the individuals 
listed.
If you enter your own data into Form 2, please notify me by Wedensday 
(01/19/2000),
so I can give you access to the Form 2 software.
If you have any question please give me a call.
Hoyt Ivey (713) 853-7210
Thanks for the update--Other than the Gallagher Boland $$$ I can't think of 
anything that we might be squirreling away and capitalizing.  (Grynberg $$ go 
to a work order also, but are expensed, right?).  Also, I absolutely trust 
you, but in the Ronald Reagan sense:  "Trust, but verify."  Adios.  DF  
07/18/2000 12:14 PM
Louis Soldano
Louis Soldano
Louis Soldano
07/18/2000 12:14 PM
07/18/2000 12:14 PM
DREW - SINCE I DID NOT KNOW WHAT WAS GOING ON I SPOKE WITH ELAINE 
WE HAVE CAPITAL CHARGES ASSOCIATED WITH SPECIFIC PROJECTS - SUCH AS AN 
EXPANSION PROJECT.  I DON'T BELIEVE YOU HAVE ANY OF THOSE AND I HAVE PROVIDED 
MS. PATEL A LIST OF ET&S PROJECTS THAT FIT IN THIS CATEGORY (I ONLY HAD A 
COUPLE AS WELL).
THERE COULD BE OTHER CHARGES WHICH ARE ALLOCATED TO A GENERAL OVERHEAD AND 
CAPITALIZED.  THE ONLY MATTER THAT MIGHT FALL INTO THIS CATEGORY WOULD BE THE 
GALLAGHER/BOLAND (OUTSIDE COUNSEL) COSTS.  WE HAVE THESE GOING TO A WORK 
ORDER FOR THE YEAR 2000 (A TOTAL AMOUNT OF ABOUT $425,000 FOR NORTHERN).  I 
BELIEVE WE WERE PLANNING TO ESTIMATE THE COSTS AS THE SAME FOR 2001 AND TREAT 
THEM THE SAME (ASSUMING ELAINE AND OTHERS GIVE US THE GO AHEAD).
ELAINE - ANYTHING TO ADD?  ALSO, I UNDERSTAND YOU ARE COLLECTING THESE 
CHARGES FROM ALL GROUPS AND WILL GET BACK TO US??  (AND YOU WILL PUT ME ON 
YOUR DISTRIBUTION LIST SINCE I DON'T TRUST DREW AND HE'S TOO SMART TO TRUST 
ME.) THX.
Any need to do anything?  DF
Elaine Concklin
07/18/2000 11:30 AM
Just a reminder for those of you that have not sent me your Overhead 
Analysis.  Please send it as soon as possible.  A big thanks to those of you 
who have already sent me your information.
Please call me at x3-5521 if you have questions.
Thanks!  Elaine
Bill Cordes
06/27/2000 01:45 PM
Sent by: Virginia O'Neill
You guys should enjoy this--especially the last one.   Reed, you never called 
back you wimpy Pantani butt pirate.  I've got a big case settling and am more 
likely going to have a shot at blasting out for a couple days of fishing Let me know whether fishing is worth a shit out there.  DF
Keep reading, some of these are really  funny!?And the last one is great!
?
 These are things people actually said in  court, word for word, taken 
 down and now published by court reporters  who had the torment of 
 staying calm while these exchanges were actually  taking place:
 
 Q:  What is your date of birth?
 A: July fifteenth.
 Q: What  year?
 A: Every year.
 
 
 Q: What  gear were you in at the moment of the impact?
 A: Gucci sweats and  Reeboks.
 
 
 Q: This  myasthenia gravis, does it affect your memory at all?
 A: Yes.
 Q:  And in what ways does it affect your memory?
 A: I forget.
 Q: You  forget. Can you give us an example of something that you've 
  forgotten?
 
 
 Q: How  old is your son, the one living with you?
 A: Thirty-eight or  thirty-five, I can't remember which.
 Q: How long has he lived with  you?
 A: Forty-five years.
 
 
 Q: What  was the first thing your husband said to you when he woke 
 that  morning?
 A: He said, "Where am I, Cathy?"
 Q: And why did that  upset you?
 A: My name is Susan.
 
 
 Q: And  where was the location of the accident?
 A: Approximately milepost  499.
 Q: And where is milepost 499?
 A: Probably between milepost  498 and 500.
 
 
 Q: Sir,  what is your IQ?
 A: Well, I can see pretty well, I think.
 
  Q: Did you blow your horn or anything?
 A: After the accident?
 Q:  Before the accident.
 A: Sure, I played for ten years. I even went to  school for it.
 
 
 Q: Do  you know if your daughter has ever been involved in voodoo or 
 the  occult?
 A: We both do.
 Q: Voodoo?
 A: We do.
 Q:  You do?
 A: Yes, voodoo.
 
 
 Q:  Trooper, when you stopped the defendant, were your red and blue 
 lights  flashing?
 A: Yes.
 Q: Did the defendant say anything when she got  out of her car?
 A: Yes, sir.
 Q: What did she say?
 A:  What disco am I at?
 
 
 Q: Now  doctor, isn't it true that when a person dies in his sleep, he 
 doesn't  know about it until the next morning?
 
 
 Q: The  youngest son, the twenty-year old, how old is he?
 
 
 Q: Were  you present when your picture was taken?
 
 
 Q: So  the date of conception (of the baby) was August eighth?
 A: Yes.
  Q: And what were you doing at that time?
 
 
 Q: She  had three children, right?
 A: Yes.
 Q: How many were  boys?
 A: None.
 Q: Were there any girls?
 
 
 Q: You say  the stairs went down to the basement?
 A: Yes.
 Q: And these  stairs, did they go up also?
 
 
 Q: How  was your first marriage terminated?
 A: By death.
 Q: And by whose  death was it terminated?
 
 
 Q: Can  you describe the individual?
 A: He was about medium height and had a  beard.
 Q: Was this a male, or a female?
 
 
 Q: Is  your appearance here this morning pursuant to a deposition 
 notice which  I sent to your attorney?
 A: No, this is how I dress when I go to  work.
 
 
 Q:  Doctor, how many autopsies have you performed on dead people?
 A: All my  autopsies are performed on dead people.
 
 
 Q: All  your responses must be oral, OK? What school did you go to?
 A:  Oral.
 
 
 Q: Do  you recall the time that you examined the body?
 A: The autopsy started  around 8:30 p.m.
 Q: And Mr. Dennington was dead at the time?
 A:  No, he was sitting on the table wondering why I was doing an 
  autopsy.
 
 
 Q: Are  you qualified to give a urine sample?
 
 
 Q:  Doctor, before you performed the autopsy, did you check for a 
  pulse?
 A: No.
 Q: Did you check for blood pressure?
 A:  No.
 Q: Did you check for breathing?
 A: No.
 Q: So, then  it is possible that the patient was alive when you began 
 the  autopsy?
 A: No.
 Q: How can you be so sure, Doctor?
 A:  Because his brain was sitting on my desk in a jar.
 Q: But could the  patient have still been alive nevertheless?
 A: Yes, it is possible that  he could have been alive and practicing 
 law  somewhere.
Thanks for the outstanding and fast service!  DF
ET & S Business Intelligence Department
Drew,
Attached is an excel file which contains pricing for the following delivery 
points January 1, 1999 through 
April 30, 2000:
Four Corners
Palo Verde
Mead Nevada
Southwest Power Pool
Let me know if you want any additional information.  We can get April 30, 
2000 to present information.  I just
have to call RDI--they put it out by quarter so at the end of July we will 
get the next disk.  They'll send me the
data if we need it.
Lorna
Tino, attached is a spreadsheet with the info I think you need.  I got the 
publication wrong--its "Megawatt Daily" that posts daily prices.  Hope this 
is helpful.  DF 
Drew,
Attached is an excel file which contains pricing for the following delivery 
points January 1, 1999 through 
April 30, 2000:
Four Corners
Palo Verde
Mead Nevada
Southwest Power Pool
Let me know if you want any additional information.  We can get April 30, 
2000 to present information.  I just
have to call RDI--they put it out by quarter so at the end of July we will 
get the next disk.  They'll send me the
data if we need it.
Lorna
No wonder you are oblivious to our meager organizational changes up in 
Omaha!  You are out doing zillion dollar deals for EBS Congratulations--sounds like a very cool deal!  Lets get together soon down 
in Houston and debrief--that is if rock star Frank can take time away from 
the 50th floor crowd to hang with mere mortals!  DF 
Sent by: Enron Announcements
Today Enron Broadband Services announced a 20-year exclusive agreement with 
Blockbuster to deliver a revolutionary new "entertainment on demand" service 
to consumers.   Consumers will be able to order movies from the convenience 
of their homes, and watch them on their televisions whenever they want.  To 
learn more about this exciting announcement and view a webcast featuring 
interviews with Ken Lay and Blockbuster CEO John Antioco, visit 
Come out with a whole bunch of cool new machines and your stock gets 
whacked.  What a weird deal that is.  Anyway, when do you think the new IMacs 
will be out in stores?  I still havent' got around to buying Sandra her IMac 
and now she thinks she wants the IMac notebook so its a good thing I didn't 
do this last month.  Do you concur that the new ones are worth the wait or 
should we pick up an old one on mega sale once stores start clearing the old 
ones out?  DF 
Please get this to Tino.  I don't know what went wrong but the email didn't 
go throught.  Thanks. DF
Delivery Failure Report
Your document:	Four Corners Pricing
was not delivered to:	tmonaldo@mrg-11c.com
because:	No route found to domain mrg-11c.com from server NAHOU-LN11/ENRON Check DNS configuration.
What should you do?
You can resend the undeliverable document to the recipients listed above by 
choosing the Resend button or the Resend command on the Actions menu Once you have resent the document you may delete this Delivery Failure Report.
If resending the document is not successful you will receive a new failure 
report
Unless you receive other Delivery Failure Reports, the document was 
successfully delivered to all other recipients.
NAHOU-LN11/Enron, NAHOU-LN11/Enron
________________________
Tino, attached is a spreadsheet with the info I think you need.  I got the 
publication wrong--its "Megawatt Daily" that posts daily prices.  Hope this 
is helpful.  DF 
Drew,
Attached is an excel file which contains pricing for the following delivery 
points January 1, 1999 through 
April 30, 2000:
Four Corners
Palo Verde
Mead Nevada
Southwest Power Pool
Let me know if you want any additional information.  We can get April 30, 
2000 to present information.  I just
have to call RDI--they put it out by quarter so at the end of July we will 
get the next disk.  They'll send me the
data if we need it.
Lorna
Great summary.  Sounds like we have plenty to do.  Susan, lets talk Monday 
and coordinate the law/regulatory stuff.  Gracias.  DF
Jeffery Fawcett
07/21/2000 12:36 PM
TW and Caithness met in Denver this week for the first face-to-face meeting 
between the parties.  The purpose of the meeting was to review the status of 
the Caithness Big Sandy Project and to establish the next steps for moving 
the project forward.
Caithness Corporation
Caithness Corp. is a privately held company based in New York with a variety 
of business interests.  The company is essentially a financial vehicle for 
private investors.  Their energy segment currently owns 1,200 MW of 
generation through renewable assets in California (geothermal at Coso, wind 
in Tehachapi and Palm Springs) and a gas fired plant in South Carolina 
jointly-owned by Florida Power & Light.
Big Sandy Project
The Big Sandy Project is a proposed power plant to be located near Wickieup, 
Arizona.  The project would be built in two phases- first phase would be 550 
MW, with a gas load of approx. 80,000 MMBtu/d, and phase 2 would add another 
170 MW for a total of 720 MW with a gas load of 120,000 MMBtu/d.
The proposed location of the plant is approximately 40 miles south of 
Transwestern's pipeline.  The take-off point on Transwestern would be at/near 
valve station #1008, approximately 15 miles downstream of compressor Station 
#1.  The current estimate includes an alignment that follows Arizona state 
highway 93 south to a location 2 miles southeast of Wickieup in the S/W 4 of 
Section 5, T15N, R12W, Mohave County, Arizona.  There is a 500 KV 
transmission line owned by WAPA that crosses the property.  This line is one 
of the principal electric transmission systems in the Southwest and extends 
from the Phoenix area to the Mead substation near Boulder City, NV.  I've 
included a WAPA map below which indicates this line.  Also, on the site is a 
water pipeline owned by the Cyprus Amax Bagdad mine.  Water for the plant 
will come from an encapusulated water table through deep wells.  They have 
currently dug the first two test wells, each capable of 500 cfm.  The power 
plant will require approximately 3,500 cfm of water.  In addition to the 
wells, the plant has several thousand-acre feet of water rights to surface 
water from the Big Sandy River.  The project may also purchase water from the 
Cyprus Bagdad water pipeline.
The chief geological feature of this area is the Big Sandy River and 
associated wash.  The highway 93 roadbed follows along the river.  The area 
includes rolling hills and is principally desert terrain, with some limited 
agricultural and ranching interests.  Wickieup is a very small town with an 
estimated population of 200.
Project Schedule
Gas Turbine(s) ordered Westinghouse-Seimens  May 2000
Submit Environmental Impact Statement (EIS)  August 2000
Arrange financing     December 2000
EIS approval      March 2001
Construction begins     April 2001
Testing begins      July 2002
Commercial Operation     November 2002
There are two lead agencies for purposes of the project's EIS- the Bureau of 
Land Management (BLM Kingman office) and the Western Area Power 
Administration (WAPA).  There is only one endangered/threatened species known 
to be present in the area.
Lateral Pipeline Alignment
The most critical path item is the alignment of the lateral pipeline.  The 
alignment (lateral pipeline route) must be included in the EIS to be filed 
next month.  Caithness has spoken preliminarily with the Arizona Department 
of Transportation (ADOT) and the agency is amenable to granting an easement 
for the pipeline.  The problem appears to be in the limited amount of right 
of way available.  Measured from the shoulder to the fenceline, there is only 
a 70 ft. right of way available for construction.  Typically, pipelines 
require a 100 ft. temporary construction easement and 50 ft. of permanent 
right of way.  Preliminary discussions indicate another problem with this 
alignment may be the roadway's routing within the wash of the riverbed.
If the highway 93 corridor is unsuitable for the pipeline, the second 
alternative appears to be running the pipeline down the adjacent N/S section 
line.  The problem with this approach is that as the line nears the site, the 
routing would have to contend with the river bed and wash areas, possibly 
necessitating deep burial and anchoring.  The other route would involve 
following along the WAPA electric transmission corridor.  The only issue 
there, aside from whether WAPA would permit the pipeline encroachment, is 
whether there are safety and/or corrosion concerns associated with a high 
pressure gas line located under a high voltage transmission system.
Other Preliminary Project Issues
There are other fundamental issues to address.  The original concept was to 
interconnect the proposed Transwestern lateral with El Paso's northern 
mainline and the yet-to-be-constructed Questar Southern Trails Pipeline, both 
of which lay adjacent to Transwestern's mainline.  Transwestern's original 
estimate to construct a 16" lateral pipeline and meter station ($20.3MM) was 
based on the following specifications:
120 MMcf/d
450 psig delivery pressure,
900 psig inlet pressure
The meeting resulted in a revised set of specifications that now include a 
higher 550 psig minimum delivery pressure (new technology Westinghouse 
turbines).  In addition, our understanding is that EPNG's system operates at 
a pressure 100-150 psig lower than Transwestern's.  In order to accommodate 
EPNG deliveries and to account for the new higher minimum pressure, the 
design will likely change to a 20" pipeline.
Next Steps (responsible party/department)
Task      Date Due Party/Dept. 
Pipeline Alignment
1. Estimate to plot lateral pipeline route.     8/4  Matthews/Chanley
2. Engineering services agreement    8/4  Scott/Fawcett
3. Final alignment sheets.    8/25  Matthews/Chanley
Misc. Items
1.   Confidentiality Agreement   7/24  Scott/Fawcett
2. Data items to Caithness
-  Form 567     7/26  Matthews
-  Gallup FERC filing (flow diagram)  7/26  Scott
-  Sta. 1 and Needles flow/pressure data  7/28  Matthews
-  Outage reports/maintenance schedules 7/28  Matthews
Engineering/Design
1.   Original estimate (16" line) to Caithness  7/24  Matthews
2.  Revised specifications to Transwestern  7/28  Caithness (T.P.)
3.   Revised estimate (20" line) to Caithness    8/4  Matthews/Chanley 
Other Issues
Several key issues need to be addressed concurrently with the pipeline 
alignment and engineering activities:
Task      Date Due Party/Dept. 
Deal Structuring
1. Financing/cost amortization     9/8  Fawcett/Hayslett
/Centilli/Goodrow
2. Research interconnect policy (EPNG)    8/4  Scott/Regulatory
3. Research 7(c) application requirements  8/11  Scott/Regulatory
4. Rates      9/22  Scott/Regulatory
/Centilli
5. Research open season requirements  8/18  Scott/Regulatory
The above list is certainly not meant to be all-inclusive and a kick-off 
meeting to discuss the project schedule will be put together shortly.  In the 
meantime, if you have any questions regarding this project, please let me 
know.  Also, please feel free to forward this memo to anyone I've 
inadvertently left off the distribution.  Thanks 
He's not a nazi, he's a commie.  Actually he's a democrat but such subtle 
distinctions escape me.  What MKM is talking about is a conversation I had in 
DC with a buddy of mine who is a commissioner on the Commodity Futures 
Trading Commission.  He said there is a move afoot to expand regulation of 
financial products like weather hedges, spark spread swaps and similar 
industry specific instruments that his agency has not regulated in the past (they just regulate the commodity exchanges like the NYMEX, Chicago Board of 
Trade, etc.)  He also made it sound like Enron Online had made his staff 
people more nervous about the lack of regulation over those kinds of 
products.  The current strategy, he explained, was to solve the problem of 
the CFTC's arguable lack of jurisdiction over such products by getting the 
agencies with jurisdiction over the industry to which such products were 
being sold (i.e., the FERC as to energy products) to regulate the stuff based 
on the CFTC's guidance.  I assume that Kean's group is on top of this, but I 
haven't had the chance to check yet.  I talked to a guy in the DC office 
about 6 months about CFTC issues and will follow up with him on Monday and be 
sure they are aware of this leftist plot.  I can't remember his name just 
now, but he works for Cynthia Sandherr, I think.  I'll let you know what is 
going on after I talk to those folks.  DF 
Talk to Drew, he might have an idea--  from his nazi friend.  MK
Dan also made a comment when we were chatting that the trading floor and EOL 
tour was "discouraging in a way" because they were not yet prepared to 
regulate such activities. I thought it was kind of frightening that he feels 
they need to regulate such a free market, although it was not clear exactly 
what he meant and I was not able to pursue it with him.
Bill
Shelley Corman
07/18/2000 11:56 PM
I just talked to Cynthia Sandherr about this and she was partly up to speed They have been fighting with the CFTC to keep it from extending its 
jurisdiction to Enron Online and to all the financial products Enron sells We apparently have a bill pending to lock the CFTC in and keep it from going 
after energy-related financial products.  Cynthia was not aware of any 
potential collaboration between CFTC and FERC designed to push FERC into the 
role of regulator of these markets (with CFTC pulling the strings behind the 
scenes).  Cynthia was cranky about this possibility and will follow up DF Drew Fossum
07/23/2000 10:23 PM
He's not a nazi, he's a commie.  Actually he's a democrat but such subtle 
distinctions escape me.  What MKM is talking about is a conversation I had in 
DC with a buddy of mine who is a commissioner on the Commodity Futures 
Trading Commission.  He said there is a move afoot to expand regulation of 
financial products like weather hedges, spark spread swaps and similar 
industry specific instruments that his agency has not regulated in the past (they just regulate the commodity exchanges like the NYMEX, Chicago Board of 
Trade, etc.)  He also made it sound like Enron Online had made his staff 
people more nervous about the lack of regulation over those kinds of 
products.  The current strategy, he explained, was to solve the problem of 
the CFTC's arguable lack of jurisdiction over such products by getting the 
agencies with jurisdiction over the industry to which such products were 
being sold (i.e., the FERC as to energy products) to regulate the stuff based 
on the CFTC's guidance.  I assume that Kean's group is on top of this, but I 
haven't had the chance to check yet.  I talked to a guy in the DC office 
about 6 months about CFTC issues and will follow up with him on Monday and be 
sure they are aware of this leftist plot.  I can't remember his name just 
now, but he works for Cynthia Sandherr, I think.  I'll let you know what is 
going on after I talk to those folks.  DF 
Talk to Drew, he might have an idea--  from his nazi friend.  MK
Dan also made a comment when we were chatting that the trading floor and EOL 
tour was "discouraging in a way" because they were not yet prepared to 
regulate such activities. I thought it was kind of frightening that he feels 
they need to regulate such a free market, although it was not clear exactly 
what he meant and I was not able to pursue it with him.
Bill
Shelley Corman
07/18/2000 11:56 PM
Great--looks like a good start at working through this project.  I've got a 
couple of thoughts, questions, etc. that I'd like to discuss with you all 
before we get back to Tino with any kind of preliminary response:
1.  What is our pulse on a project that ramps up slowly to full utilization This deal will not be 100% subscribed for several years (optimistically) as 
it is designed to gain market share from a combination of market growth and 
bypass of existing GCNM customers (and new power generation load, but that 
part of Tino's story needs more thinking).  The rates on the attached 
spreadsheet would provide full cost recovery only after the project is fully 
subscribed, right?  We need to think about the economics of this thing in 
terms of deferring and recovering in the out years the revenue shortfalls in 
the early years.  Has GPG ever done deals like that 
2.  On the GCNM discounting issue, it seems we need at least three data 
points to understand our risks:
a.  What do GCNM's current discounts look like? 
b.  How much more aggressively could GCNM discount in the future if they had 
to to avoid bypass?   (i.e., are there regulatory or political constraints on 
increased discounts?)
c.   Will the big industrial loads stick with the low cost provider if GCNM 
tries to undercut the project, or will they be willing to pay a little more 
just to assure that a new pipeline gets built into their backyard 
3.  Assuming we don't have the risk appetite to get in on a project like 
this, how do we positiion ourselves to be the preferred upstream pipeline for 
Langley's project?  I assume that if neither TW nor El Paso partner with 
Langley he'll interconnect with both.  Do we already have or can we create 
any kind of competitive advantage under that scenario? 
4.  Is the right of way that Langley has negotiated really all that 
valuable?  From Lorraine's memo, it seems that the issue of which route is 
best is half baked at best.  If that's all Dennis brings to the table (not 
counting his big bag of $$$$), does a deal with him really make sense 
I'm sure there are a lot of other issues we need to discuss, but these are 
the first that come to mind.  Please give me a call when you get together to 
discuss this as I'd like to be involved in how we respond to Tino and 
Dennis.  Thanks. DF  
Lorraine Lindberg
01/10/2000 04:46 PM
1. The initial study of the Albuquerque project brought to Transwestern by 
Dennis Langley has been completed.
2.  Facility Planning provided Level A (+/- 30%) cost estimates for 3 
separate routes.  (Two of which were brought to us by Langley, the third; 
Facility Planning identified as being a shorter, cheaper route.)
3. Economic Analysis was run on the three options.  The attached spreadsheet 
details project rates and costs.
4. Current PNM tariff transmission rates indicate higher rates than potential 
Albuquerque project rates.  We know that PNM discounts (deeply when necessary 
to keep a customer from leaving its system), but we don't know 
definitively.   We continue to research current discounted rates.
5. The initial take on the feasibility of this project is good enough to 
forge ahead.
Please call me if you have any questions and as to our plan to respond to 
Tino.  Thanks 
Lorraine
No, we are paying them $3 mm in addition to handing them the Hobbs line and 
giving them the option on the Eldo-Spraberry line.  I haven't really thought 
about it, but I guess the transfer price for the Hobbs line should be some 
nominal amount--$10 or something.  I'll give you and Louie a call in a bit to 
discuss.  Thanks.  DF
Drew, thanks for the fax.  Quick question... is the purchase price a flat 
3,000,000 without any adjustments for line pack... Since we are going to sign 
and close same day, we won't need adjustments for cap ex.  I am putting 
together a draft PSA now.  THanks.  Kim
Thanks.  I'm about a 30.  DF
Julie McCoy
07/24/2000 04:52 PM
Hi Drew.
Rob Wilson indicated that you may be available to participate in the Ray 
Janssen Golf Scramble on Monday, July 31.
Here are the details:
Where:  Elkhorn Valley Golf Club
410 North Main Street
Hooper, NE
Format:  18 Hole Scramble
11:30 AM Shotgun Start
Dinner following at the Elkhorn Valley Golf Club
The scramble committee will be assigning players to their teams according to 
their handicaps.  Please inform me of your golf handicap at your earliest 
convenience.
Thank you!
Julie  
lets talk re: this.  I'm troubled.  df
I understand that this capacity is what was posted on the IOS, however these alternate point rights were not included in the posting as available, 
is there a concern that not all were aware of this and therefore they could 
have bid differently ?  MK
Christine Stokes
07/25/2000 02:45 PM
TRANSWESTERN PIPELINE CONTRACT APPROVAL REQUEST
Please review the attached standard discount letter for Sempra Energy Trading 
Corp.  Sempra was recently awarded 49,000 Dth/d of East of Thoreau (EOT) to 
California capacity via Transwestern's Interactive Open Season Auction 
process.  The capacity was awarded at a one-part rate of $.285/Dth/d for a 
one year term of November 1, 2000 - October 31, 2001.  Sempra shall have 
alternate delivery point rights at the California Border as well as alternate 
receipt point rights in Transwestern's EOT Area.
Please confirm via REPLY WITH HISTORY.  All Officer approvals will be faxed 
to Bill Cordes for final Officer approval.
I'm not sure I understand MKM's comment.  We've all approved this deal so its 
not urgent, but lets talk about it in our meeting today.  df
This may have been the case in others, but the IOS does say that it bid, if 
less than max is not available.  If Drew and Susan are ok to sign off, I can 
go with that and we do need to be specfic as to what we are going to include 
in the contract in the IOS package.  Lets hope it doesn't come back to bite 
us, assuming Drew and Susan sign off.  MK
Christine Stokes
07/26/2000 08:16 AM
Mary Kay -  In all of Transwestern's previous Interactive Open Seasons, the 
only capacity which Transwestern had posted for bid purposes was the primary 
capacity - no associated alternate flexibility was ever posted as being 
available to the bidders.  We have traditionally relied on verbal 
communication, only if asked by the shipper,  of any potential alternate 
rights associated with the primary capacity being auctioned.  I do not feel 
that in this recent IOS process that any shipper had possibly NOT increased 
their bid due to the impression that there was no additional flexibility 
beyond  the primary path rights of the capacity being auctioned.  However,  I 
do think that the TW commercial group should discuss how we communicate to 
any interested party those alternate rights  associated with future IOS bids 
or EnronOnline bids.   Thank you for your comment, please contact me if you 
need any additional feedback.
I understand that this capacity is what was posted on the IOS, however these alternate point rights were not included in the posting as available, 
is there a concern that not all were aware of this and therefore they could 
have bid differently ?  MK
Christine Stokes
07/25/2000 02:45 PM
TRANSWESTERN PIPELINE CONTRACT APPROVAL REQUEST
Please review the attached standard discount letter for Sempra Energy Trading 
Corp.  Sempra was recently awarded 49,000 Dth/d of East of Thoreau (EOT) to 
California capacity via Transwestern's Interactive Open Season Auction 
process.  The capacity was awarded at a one-part rate of $.285/Dth/d for a 
one year term of November 1, 2000 - October 31, 2001.  Sempra shall have 
alternate delivery point rights at the California Border as well as alternate 
receipt point rights in Transwestern's EOT Area.
Please confirm via REPLY WITH HISTORY.  All Officer approvals will be faxed 
to Bill Cordes for final Officer approval.
Rock on.  DF
Lee Huber
07/27/2000 02:54 PM
I spoke to Kim Watson today re the following  1. They will be kicking off the 
science part of the system on August 23  ET&S Marketing and other invitees  
2. Matt Johnson from PROS called Kim yesterday to tell her that some pipeline 
has purchased PROS' storage product  and he asked how we were coming along Kim said we had moved off in a different direction but that we would be 
interested in seeing their product, which we are trying to set up for the day 
before or after August 23.  3.  Since we seem to be rolling along on the 
dashboard and starting the science piece, we plan to get Stuart Ford (V&E) 
over here during the week of August 14th  to make sure we are doing all the 
right things to make sure this being protected as an Enron product which if 
it is sucessful  we will be able to sell to third parties.  OK with you??
Please take a look at this and give me a call.  I didn't know we were 
expecting any agreement from ECS.  DF
Mark Courtney@ECT
07/27/2000 07:35 PM
How does this draft look to you guys?
Mark
Comments?
The tie in line that TW built is not part of the deal.  We are modifying the 
agreements to make that totally clear and I believe Rockey is going to talk 
to Mary Ann Pearce to make sure there is no misunderstanding.  DF
Bob Burleson
07/28/2000 10:40 AM
Thought I would pass this along, I had not heard for sure that this line was 
part of the deal or not. We could make an argument that it is not part of the 
12" line, but could be sold to them along with the conveyance of the 12" 
line 
This line was constructed to tie the 12" line into the suction side of the 
Maljamar compressor.  I don't think they would need this line for the 
intended purpose of "low pressure gathering" to the inlet of there plant They may need it if they turn the line into residue service.  It would be 
another interconnect with TW (although a redundant one).
Let me know if this line is included, and if we need to get her the ROW info.
Thanks, Bob
I was in a meeting yesterday and found out that there is a 12" pipeline
located in the SW/4 Sec. 29 and SE/4 Sec. 30, T17S, R32E, Lea County, New
Mexico, that is part of the deal.  It is my understanding that this pipeline
was built by Transwestern a few years ago.  I did not see any right-of-way
agreements to cover this line when I was in your office this week.  Please
provide me with the right-of-way documentation to cover this pipeline.
If you have any questions, please call me at 281-293-2165.  I would
appreciate receiving this information as soon as possible.
Thanks 
Sherri Orler
- Enron Question Request Form.doc
Whaaasssssuuup.  Sack--you need to update me on where the hell you are these 
days.  Flying jets in Denver?  Chicago?  Where?  Reed, you need to check your 
emails more than once every 6 months.  Huet, I'll call you on the apple data 
tonight or tomorrow.   Loon, since I sent you a cool email, you need to 
invite me to at least one boondoggle on Wednesday (Dougie is going to the 
Fascist convention in Philadelphia all next week to schmooze).  Carmany, you 
are just weak--you need a wife and about 7 kids to throttle your lifestyle 
back a bit.  Egg and Kate--I have nothing mean to say to you just now, but 
I'll work on it.  DF  - boredmtg.exe
Does anyone find it interesting that we've heard nothing but silence from 
Dennis and Tino?  I suspect that their big meeting with DOE on the 25th 
didn't go so well.  If you hear anything let me know, otherwise I'll try to 
get ahold of Tino sometime next week to find out what DOE said.  DF
I didn't know you guys were both in the Moscow office now!  That's a pretty 
soviet system your network narcs have rigged up.  We ought to get a copy of 
it--it would keep Enerson and I from wasting 20 hours a week dealing with 
amusing videos.  Anyway, the vid you have been denied access to is not as 
interesting as you probably hoped--its the cartoon game of the guys sitting 
around at a meeting at which you can make them do things by clicking on 
icons--like click the cell phone and one guy calls the other one and yells 
"Whaaaassssupppp!"  Its actually pretty amusing, unless you work at a third 
reich law firm (actually some guy at some other third reich law firm sent it 
to me, come to think of it!  I'll stick to emails with a "business purpose" 
so that I don't inadvertently interfere with "firm related business" (like 
name changes, etc.).  AMFDJF  
Tim.Durst@bakerbotts.com on 07/30/2000 02:45:44 PM
What nastiness are you trying to send me?
Sent: Saturday, July 29, 2000 8:19 AM
You received a message with at least one quarantined executable file
attachment from Drew.Fossum@ with subject matter of "BakerBotts
Staff Meeting".
Due to the type of the attachment, the e-mail and attachment have been
quarantined by the system. This type of attachment creates a risk of viruses
or integrity/bandwidth problems with the network or desktop pc.  Since
these risks can cause network failure or congestion and delay firm related
business, these attachments will be released to the recipient only if they
have a business purpose.
During business hours, please call or e-mail your local help line to gain
access to a business related e-mail and attachment.  If it is after hours
you
may call the Houston help line at 713-229-2008. If you need to view the
text of the message to determine if the attachment is business related or
for other reasons, we can forward the text of the message to you without
the attachment.
Assuming we keep Arthur Anderson on board this afternoon and assuming Enron 
is still in the business of doing asset monetizations like this one (which 
better be the case since its in the TW 4th Q plan @$2.5 mm), the following 
things need to happen on roughly the following timetable:
1.  Mike talks to Hanover and we negotiate the price, specific contract 
language, etc.  (hopefully within 2-3 weeks of turning Mike loose?)
2.  Regulatory (assisted by Maria and me) flanges up the FERC abandonment 
filing and tees it up to file the minute Mike finalizes the deal with 
Hanover.  We haven't talked about this for a while, but the story we tell  
FERC has to acknowledge that the monthly O&M cost will be higher under our 
outsourcing deal than it currently is, if load factor and other operating 
assumptions remain constant.   That may be the key to our story line--we 
argue that outsourcing is necessary to creating flexibility in our cost 
structure to protect us and our ratepayors from market changes, gas flow 
changes, and capacity turnbacks.  The Compression Services Agreement, as it 
is currently drafted, has a two part demand-commodity rate.  Thus, if our 
throuput goes to pot on the segments where these outsourced compressors are, 
or if we have big capacity turnbacks, the outsource deal allows us to shed 
costs quickly.  Charlie's preliminary cost spreadsheets seem to me to support 
this strategy.  I'll talk to Maria and MKM's team about this.  Also, we need 
to be able to explain to explain that our deal is not all that new or 
radical.  It is just a tiny bit different from the many deals FERC has seen 
where compression or other services are outsourced from the get-go with new 
facilities.  For example, FERC allowed NNG to outsource compressor motor 
operation and ownership using ECS (and, by tomorrow, hopefully will allow TW 
to do the same at Gallup).  Florida has a similar deal, as well as 
intrastates like HPL.  Maria and I and MKM's folks need to turn over every 
rock to find examples of similary outsourcing that don't involve Enron.  We 
need to let FERC know that the outsourcing train has already left the station 
and we just want to jump on board 
3.  We get the abandonment order in the 4th Q and do the deal.  (Will we have 
the chance to do some more schmoozing and lobbying of FERC folks before we 
file--i.e., at a prefiling conference 
See how easy these deals are when you use assumptions to eliminate the many 
problems 
That, my man, is the $64 question.  Kim and Rockie are nailing this down 
first thing monday AM.  The result of our conversation on Friday with Conoco 
was that if we own it, they want it, and if we don't own it, we'd better not 
convey it to them.  Clever devils, they are forcing us to determine exactly 
what it is that we own!  Talk to you tomorrow.  DF
07/28/2000 04:44 PM
Louis Soldano
Louis Soldano
Louis Soldano
07/28/2000 04:44 PM
07/28/2000 04:44 PM
are we only selling the 12 Bob Burleson
07/28/2000 02:17 PM
I am not sure if this piece of pipe was addressed in the last correspondence 
or not.
There is a 6" lateral pipeline located in Sec. 34-T18S, R36E, Lea County,
NM.  If this is part of the deal I will need to see the right-of-way
documentation for this pipeline.
Sherri Orler
- Enron Question Request Form.doc
Here is the draft letter agreement.  We are still discussing it with ECS and 
can make whatever changes are appropriate.  Note that the letter agreement 
ties back to Article 6 of the Compression Services Agreement.  That article, 
you may recall, is where ECS agreed to create a computerized system that 
would monitor Continental Divide's electric system utilization and warn when 
their system peaks were occurring and then automatically take the compressor 
offline (subject to manual override) so we and ECS could avoid peak period 
demand charges.  Instead of creating such a system, which apparently turned 
out to be mostly a manual system anyway, ECS is going to pay us a monthly fee 
to monitor CD's system peaks ourselves and decide when we need to get off 
line.  The load management service has to do with operational management of 
the load we place on CD's electric system, and is not a jurisdictional gas 
transportation or storage service.  Note that the service goes on for 10 
years (as required by the accountants' 10 year amortization rule) and thus 
may be vulnerable to scrutiny and potential revenue crediting in TW's 2007 
rate case.  Any way to avoid that?  DF 
Speak of the devil.  Tino called, all full of optimism and questions.  They 
have pitched the DOE a deal in which Dennis builds three 50 Mw turbines on 
the Isleta, and a 7 mile power line to DOE's distribution lines.  The project 
will apparently be 100%debt financed, with DOE agreeing to pay a firm demand 
charge rate of between 8 and 9 cents/kwh.  That rate is supposedly high 
enough to service the debt on a 10 year amort. basis (remember, DOE can only 
sign 10 year contracts).  DOE is interested, says Tino, because of the 
redundant, dedicated facilities and enhanced reliability, and because Dennis 
and Tino pitched DOE on all the $$$$ DOE will make from the surplus power 
sales.  Dennis apparently pitched them a "share the upside" deal under which 
DOE keeps most of the revenue from surplus sales.  Tino showed DOE the July 
spot prices at 4 Corners, which Tino said included many days over $200/Mwh 
and they got all excited.  DOE has done a similar share the upside deal at 
one of its facilities in Calif. Tino says and they have occasionally come out 
net positive on elec. costs in some months so they like the approach.  Tino 
had two questions:
1.  Does TW have 30-40,000/d of permian capacity available starting sometime 
in 2001 or 2002?  (I realize we have probably answered this question about 5 
times, but lets do it again for him 2.  Is there someone at ENA Tino can talk to about a getting a quote for long 
term and/or short term power purchase prices for Four Corners delivery?   If 
he can get something the DOE thinks is a good price, they m ay just sell all 
the surplus power forward.  If not, they'll just hang on to it and sell it 
into the cash market in monthly and daily deals 
Thanks.  DF  
pls print--I'll look at it in the am (maybe!) DF
Here is the latest draft of the filing for transport options.  Significant 
changes include:
- added definition of Counterparty
- added captions and reorganized the filing to more clearly reflect 
compliance with 154.202
- included an explanation of how the option fee will be part of a negotiated 
rate
- added an example of how options will work
I think we need to decide whether we are better off with the type of option 
fee explanation I have in this draft, or whether we should instead state the 
fee will be market based, and include an explanation that, pursuant to the 
Commission's discussion in Order 637, market based rates are appropriate 
because we are going to commit to an open season process that will be 
nondiscriminatory and that will ensure we aren't withholding capacity from 
the market 
Can we have a conference call to discuss your comments this week?  I will 
have Janet call to determine your availability.
I'm ok with the change.  Just curious, but Courtney doesn't get any  time 
value of money recognition on his prepayment?  Also, the prepayment gives us 
a cash, but not earnings, benefit, right?  Thanks.  DF
James Centilli
08/01/2000 02:53 PM
Susan
Bob Chandler and I request some changes inorder to detail the upfront 
payment.  If you do not have any problems with the document, please advise 
and we will notify Gerald to create executables.
Thanks,
James
Gerald Nemec@ECT
08/01/2000 09:25 AM
Attached is the letter.  I am forwarding per Mark's request.  Let me know if 
you have any comments.  If everything looks good, let me know and I will 
create executables.  Thanks.
Please send me the NN and TW operating reports from the minutes of the last 
meeting.  I'm not sure we create a separate set of goals and objectives for 
each operating company, although Bill's ET&S goals and objectives obviously 
cover both.  I want to see if we need to create some kind of new document or 
whether we can use something off the shelf.  Thanks. DF 
Lee Huber
08/02/2000 03:39 PM
We have scheduled Board of Directors meetings for TW and Northern on August 
28, 2000. An agenda will be circulated soon along with proposed resolutions Since we skipped a board meeting for TW last year, the operating report for 
TW should cover 1998 to the present for purposes of adopting any necessary 
resolutions.  For Northern, we will cover from 1999 to the present.  The 
minutes of past meetings indicate that you used an update of TW's and 
Northern's goals and objectives as the basis for the operating reports.  I 
assume that we will continue to do this for the upcoming meetings.
pls print.  thanks df
Elaine Concklin
08/02/2000 05:27 PM
Please see Henry's note below.
Thanks!  Elaine
Attached are the preliminary 2001 - 2003 Business Plan and Assumption 
schedules for NNG and TW.  Please review and update these schedules for the 
2001 - 2003 Operating and Strategic Plan.  Keep in mind that these are the 
preliminary assumptions that we will discuss in more detail during the 
meeting on August 11th.  Please note that the attached Business Plan is a 
high level version of the Focus Areas included in the detailed ET&S Business 
Plan that was approved by the officers back in March.  Please provide us with 
any updates/revisions by Wednesday, August 9th.  If you have any questions, 
please give Henry Baker a call at (713) 853-4797 or Elaine Concklin at (713) 
853-5521.
Thanks in advance for your assistance.
I think you said you have this covered, but just in case, here is the 
latest.  DF
Shelley Corman
08/02/2000 12:03 PM
By now I'm sure that you've heard about the upcoming electric industry class 
that has been customized for GPG staff.   The purpose of the class is to 
learn about electric utilities as our customers, learn about some of the 
current regulatory and legislative debates and the impact on us, and to learn 
about the economics of electric generation 
The class will be held on August 25 at the Downtown Houston Doubletree Hotel, 
Granger Rooms A & B  from 8-5 PM.  Stan Horton will open the class with 
remarks on why he believes GPG needs to learns about economics and trends in 
the electric industry.  The class includes a full day of course work and a 
working lunch will be served.   A  workbook is being prepared and will be 
distributed to you a week prior to the class 
I hope you can attend.  Similar industry classes can cost upwards of $600 per 
student.   Our customized class can accommodate up to 100 attendees.   Please 
RSVP to Ruth Mann by email by August 8 if you plan to attend.  Once I get a 
count of attendees from this list, I will open the class up to other GPG 
attendees 
Am I the only one having a deja vu experience?  I know you can't believe what 
you read, but the trade press makes it sound like capacity to California is 
worth about a zillion bucks--are we sure we want to do this???? DF
Christine Stokes
08/03/2000 01:51 PM
TRANSWESTERN PIPELINE 
INTERACTIVE OPEN SEASON APPROVAL
Please review the attached announcement of Transwestern's Interactive Open 
Season to be held Thursday, August 10, 2000.  Transwestern will be offering 
14,000 Dth/d of East of Thoreau to PG&E/Topock capacity for a term of April 
1, 2001 - October 31, 2001.  Alternate capacity rights associated with the 
primary capacity shall include alternate receipts in Transwestern's East of 
Thoreau Area, excluding Rio Puerco, and alternate deliveries at 
SoCal/Needles, Mojave/Topock and the Citizens Griffith delivery point 
Please approval via REPLY WITH HISTORY.  Your immediate attention is 
appreciated as our goal is to post the announcement as quickly as possible in 
the morning of Friday, August 4th.
Oh, wait a minute--I was thinking current prices, not April-Oct. prices.  Is 
the basis  for that 7 month period below max rates 
Christine Stokes
08/03/2000 01:51 PM
TRANSWESTERN PIPELINE 
INTERACTIVE OPEN SEASON APPROVAL
Please review the attached announcement of Transwestern's Interactive Open 
Season to be held Thursday, August 10, 2000.  Transwestern will be offering 
14,000 Dth/d of East of Thoreau to PG&E/Topock capacity for a term of April 
1, 2001 - October 31, 2001.  Alternate capacity rights associated with the 
primary capacity shall include alternate receipts in Transwestern's East of 
Thoreau Area, excluding Rio Puerco, and alternate deliveries at 
SoCal/Needles, Mojave/Topock and the Citizens Griffith delivery point 
Please approval via REPLY WITH HISTORY.  Your immediate attention is 
appreciated as our goal is to post the announcement as quickly as possible in 
the morning of Friday, August 4th.
Bill, attached is a memo prepared by Susan Scott that does a good job of 
answering the several questions that you had about the situation at Topock Note that in Susan's first answer, PG&E has no obligation to Transwestern to 
accept gas at Topock.  They may well have obligations to their own 
transportation customers or sales customers that have to be satisfied with 
Topock receipts, but that doesn't give TW any rights against PG&E.  I realize 
these are not comforting answers, but I wanted us all to have a realistic 
understanding of where we are.  I'm running this by Lou in case he has a 
different spin on the history or the agreements.  Thanks. DF 
I'm OK with it, thanks to some coaching from Jeff.  I would suggest that our 
marketers specifically mention to all interested bidders (especially Texaco) 
that the lottery tiebreaker is clearly identified in the posting and if they 
want to be there to witness it they better call us because we don't send out 
engraved invitations.  Good luck.  DF  
Christine Stokes
08/03/2000 01:51 PM
TRANSWESTERN PIPELINE 
INTERACTIVE OPEN SEASON APPROVAL
Please review the attached announcement of Transwestern's Interactive Open 
Season to be held Thursday, August 10, 2000.  Transwestern will be offering 
14,000 Dth/d of East of Thoreau to PG&E/Topock capacity for a term of April 
1, 2001 - October 31, 2001.  Alternate capacity rights associated with the 
primary capacity shall include alternate receipts in Transwestern's East of 
Thoreau Area, excluding Rio Puerco, and alternate deliveries at 
SoCal/Needles, Mojave/Topock and the Citizens Griffith delivery point 
Please approval via REPLY WITH HISTORY.  Your immediate attention is 
appreciated as our goal is to post the announcement as quickly as possible in 
the morning of Friday, August 4th.
Drew and Sandra Fossum
6068 Country Club Oaks Pl. 
Omaha, NE  68152  
Cindy Stark
08/04/2000 10:02 AM
Hello, everyone!     Stan would like to request your home address and spouse 
name.     Please respond to me via e-mail today, if possible.
Thanks,
Cindy
No--that ought to do it.  DF 
Aside from the following, can you think of anyone else down here (or up 
there) who would like to add a lovely Conoco binder to their collection??
Soldano
Benson
Storie
Huber
Mangels??
Burleson??
Oh, how about sending one to Barrett Reasoner at Gibbs and Bruns and ask 
Britt Davis if he wants one.  Thanks DF
Aside from the following, can you think of anyone else down here (or up 
there) who would like to add a lovely Conoco binder to their collection??
Soldano
Benson
Storie
Huber
Mangels??
Burleson??
pls print.  thanks df
Frazier King
08/04/2000 04:44 PM
Here is Mark Haedicke's eCommerce powerpoint presentation which he will make 
next Friday at the Energy Bar Luncheon.  It look's like it will be VERY 
good.  If you do not have a form to submit your reservations, let me know and 
I will have Janet make you a copy.  The deadline is next Tuesday.
Brenda Whitehead@ECT
08/04/2000 02:04 PM
per the request of Mark Taylor, please see this attachment 
In case you haven't done it already, please cross out the note on your 
calendar that today is the day the Conoco trial starts!  What better day to 
announce a celebration of the settlement, since without it many of us would 
be sitting in a courtroom in Midland wondering whether the trial would last 3 
weeks or 30.   With that image firmly in mind, please plan on joining us for 
a celebratory dinner on Thursday, August 17th at 6:00 at Brennan's.  Again, 
thanks for all of your  efforts on this case, and I   on the 
17th!  DF
Not that I know of.   DF 
Martha Benner
08/08/2000 10:31 AM
Have you received this bill as yet?
Thanks.....Martha
Al Wilcox  Please send a new invoice to ID:412238 to the new address listed below.
thanks
al
It is not correct, it should be:
Drew Fossum
VP & General Counsel
Enron ET&S
1111 So. 103 Street
Omaha, NE  68124-1000
What do we do now?
Thanks...Martha
Al Wilcox  
This is the address the address we have on file for you:
Mr Drew J Fossum
1702 Drewlaine Dr (B)
Vienna, VA 22182-2101
If this is correct you should be seeing a second invoice by early  next
week.
al wilcox
mgr it
dcbar
DC #412238 - let me know if this is not correct as I do not have his card
but this is on his file.
Al Wilcox  
Ms Benner would it be possible to get your Bar Id, so I match your address
with the one we have.
al wilcox
mgr it
dcbar
Still have not received a response on this.  Please respond as soon as
possible - like today!
Martha Benner
07/10/2000 02:06 PM
We have not received a bill for Mr. Fossum's bar dues but would be more
than happy to pay them if you could submit a bill to the following:
Drew Fossum
VP & General Counsel
Enron ET&S
1111 So. 103 Street
Omaha, NE  68124-1000
If you have any questions or concerns please call me (402) 398-7330.
Thank you.
Martha Benner
Assistant to Mr. Fossum
I'm on vacation and unreachable the 21st through the 23d, but will be in 
Houston on the 24th--10:00 would work fine.  If you've got Lou and Mike, you 
may not need me as they are the GPG Law designated spokesmodels on 2001 plan 
issues.  DF
Elaine Concklin and Vera Apodaca have asked me to set up a one hour meeting 
with you, within the next 2 weeks, regarding next year's plan.  I have set 
aside the following dates and times, let me know if any of these work for 
you, we would conference Drew in from Omaha unless he happened to be in 
town.  If you have any questions please give me a call at  x31437. 
10 AM on:   Monday -  Aug. 21st or Thursday - Aug. 24th
2PM on:   Monday - Aug. 21st, Tuesday - Aug. 22nd, or Wednesday - Aug. 23rd
Thanks
Any news on looking at the NiSource storage stuff?  Have we gotten the packet 
from Chase or whichever investment banker guys you talked to?  I heard again 
from a non-Enron source that "Enron is looking at the MHP assets" so it must 
be true!  Thanks.   DF
Bueno.  DF
Yes, ENA has been handling the CA etc. and just forwarded to me the Offering 
Memorandum.  Kathy Campos is making copies and will send them to D. Fossum, 
K. Miller, and P. Miller in the Omaha office ASAP (probably to be delivered 
tomorrow morn).
Give me a call if you don't get it.
JNG
no comments.  thanks. DF
DENISE LAGESSE
01/11/2000 12:24 PM
If you have comments to the weekly report, please forward them to me asap If you do not have comments, please let me know so that I can make a note of 
it.  Thanks!
DENISE LAGESSE
01/07/2000 02:40 PM
Attached is the Weekly Significant Litigation Report for the week of Dec. 
20.  Please add your comments for this week
and last week, and submit them to me by EOB Monday, Jan. 10.
If you have received this e-mail in error, please disregard; I'd rather 
include everyonethan risk omitting someone.   Thanks very much 
Excellent.  DF
PRIVILEGED AND  Dear Larry and Merlin,
This will confirm our various telephone conversations about the 
above-referenced case.  Again, it is my understanding that we have all agreed 
(me on behalf of Northern/Transwestern, Larry on behalf of Duke, and Merlin 
on behalf of CMS Energy/Panhandle Eastern) to jointly retain Jim Peters to 
represent our respective interests in responding to the defendants' subpoenas 
and recently-filed motion to compel, which I have been advised is set for 
telephonic hearing on Monday, August 14, at 8:00 a.m.  Per this agreement, we 
will share Jim's fees and expenses on a 1/3 Northern/Transwestern, 1/3 Duke, 
1/3 CMS Energy/Panhandle Eastern basis.  As part of this agreement, each of 
us agrees to handle substantially all of his respective client's actual 
document production in-house, in order to hold Jim's fees and expenses down.
In the very unlikely event that Jim encounters an unanticipated conflict 
between the positions of our respective clients, you additionally agree that 
Jim may withdraw from the representation of your clients in this matter, but 
may continue to represent Northern and Transwestern in this matter.
Jim is currently working on a draft response to defendants' motion to compel 
for Northern/Transwestern.  By copy of this, I am asking Jim to send each of 
you drafts at the same time that he sends a draft by me.
I look forward to working with you both.
Britt Davis
Drew 
Attached are the latest drafts of the Northern and Transwestern budget 
templates for your review and comment.  Changes were made to legal fees for 
both cost centers as per my notes from the last group meeting we had on 
budget.  In addition, you should have received the latest consolidated budget 
run and the latest outside counsel spreadsheet for 2001.
Let me know if you have any questions, modifications, concerns, etc.
Eric
pls print.  thanks df
Attached for your review is Jim Peters' rough draft. Jim tried to design it 
in such a way as to be as generic as possible, with the idea that factual 
differences between the parties would be put in the footnotes.  I am 
concerned he may be overreaching with regard to the legal objection, where he 
refers to TW/Northern as a "nonresident", given that (as I understand it) 
Northern and/or TW have facilities in Oklahoma.  There are also some 
grammatical changes that I would make.
I wonder if I could get ya'll to take a look at this and have you participate 
with me in a telephone conference with Jim later this afternoon?  If Drew, 
Jim or Bob could let me know what time would be convenient, I'll get it set 
up.  Many thanks.
B.K.D.
MHBullis@aol.com
08/09/2000 09:59 AM
Attached to this email is a proposed draft of a Special Appearance and
Objection for your review and approval.  Please note Footnote 1 needs your
input.
Hopefully, we can send the pleading out today but in no event later than
tomorrow.
,
Jim Peters
- SPECIA~1.WPD
Ugh.  We are in for a battle.  Some of this may be OK, but I detect an 
underlying philosophy that pipelines should simply not be allowed into 
markets that unregulated players (using the gray market or financial 
products) currently have monopoly control over.  DF
Thought you'd be interested in the attached.
Lorraine Lindberg
08/09/2000 12:49 PM
Lorraine,
Below are some very preliminary regulatory issues that I have identified
regarding Transwestern's
Transport Option Program.  These concerns may not constitute all of our
concerns; I'm sure there will be more as we continue to review this proposal
with our commercial people.  Also, they have not been reviewed with
management, and may, or may not, represent the ultimate positions that
Conoco (or the Indicated Shipper Trial Group) takes in any proceeding before
the FERC.
Thanks again for inviting us to lunch yesterday.  Both Teddy and I found it
to be very helpful and informative.  We look forward to a more detailed
description of your proposal, and the ability to discuss it with
Transwestern in a future customer meeting.  Please forward this e-mail on to
Jeff; I don't have his direct e-mail address.
Tentative Regulatory Issues regarding Transwestern's Transport Option
Program ("TOP 
1. Market Based Rates.  To the extent that TW intends to offer the TOP
service without a corresponding cost based recourse service, under current
FERC policy, TW would need to make a filing that demonstrates a lack of
market power.
2. Comparable Service:  To the extent that TW implements a TOP service,
it would be highly advisable to provide that other FT holders be able to
offer a similar call & put capability in the capacity release market.  As I
remember TW's tariffs, this would likely require specific changes to the
capacity release sections in order to allow prospective capacity releases
with a call or put pricing option.
3. Hoarding:  The TOP service should not be a means for any party
(particularly an affiliate) to manipulate the transportation market and/or
to exert market power by withholding capacity.
4. Reliability:  The TOP service should require sufficient protections
to ensure continued, undiminished service to all of TW's existing and future
FT customers.
5. Standardized Product:  The terms and conditions for the TOP service
should be standardized in order that each TOP service offer is not
considered a "non-conforming" contract under FERC policy.  The call and put
options, and any administrative or operating limitations, should be
specifically defined.
6. Non-preferential Service:  TW must ensure that the TOP service is
offered and administered in a manner that is fair and equitable, and in a
manner that does not convey a preferential right to any party (particularly
an affiliate).
7. Revenue:  Regardless of whether the TOP is a cost or market based
rate, there will be a question as to where the revenue goes.
8. Pilot Program.  Given the precedential nature of this proposal,
perhaps the industry would be more comfortable with the TOP if it were filed
as an experimental program on TW, with a finite life.  This would allow
parties to gain experience prior to having all of the Enron pipelines (and
others) file for similar authority.
Thanks again.
Pete Frost
Manager of Regulatory Affairs
Conoco Gas and Power Marketing
pete.frost@usa.conoco.com  
pls print and put both mtgs on my sch.  thanks df
Elaine Concklin
08/10/2000 12:38 PM
Just a reminder of the ET&S Officer Reviews scheduled for Friday, August 11, 
2000 in the video conference rooms EB49C2 in Houston and 717 in Omaha.
Both meetings have been moved back by 30 minutes to accomodate schedules.
3rd Quarter Forecast Review - 2:00 - 3:00 PM  (was 1:30 - 2:30 PM)
Preliminary 3 Year Plan Assumptions - 3:00 - 4:00 PM  (was 2:30 - 3:30 PM)
Thanks to all for the feedback.  Please see attached files for the assumption 
review at 3PM Friday.
Thanks,  Elaine
Looks good--one typo in bullet 4, I think "not addressing" should be "nor 
addressing."   Please bcc me and Mike on the final version.  Thanks df
Here is my first draft on the bullets for Steve Winston:  Please comment 
asap 
Steve, per your followup phone call, here is a bullet point summary of the 
issues discussed in regard to the counter proposal regarding the Stranger's 
Gas contract negotiation.  I do not have George Drakes email address, so 
could you please forward this to him 
1)   Ethane reimbursement needs to be at a minimum 4%
If there is incidental ethane extracted, in conjunction with propane 
NNG will be reimbursed with the propane 
2)  In regard to point on netting months,   NNG does not agree with sentence 
one, ok with second sentence
3)  In regard to point on netting products,  NNG does not agree with this This was not the intent nor the practice until KN commenced and is the issue 
being discussed in regard to the audit of the Stranger's Gas reimbursement Per the bid package, Northern is requesting reimbursement by product, but 
does realize that it may receive zero for certain products after 
reimbursement has occurred for others 
4)  In regard to point on reimbursement of Btu's,  NNG, on behalf of its 
customers, must be kept whole for the volumes.  The amount related to the 
Stranger's gas contract needs to be kept whole.  We are not resolving not 
addressing the measurement issue in the discussion of the Stranger's gas 
contract.
5)  The contract to be utilized is the pro forma included in the Bid package, 
however, Oneok is free to "mark up" with proposed changes to be specficially 
discussed.  All parties that participated in the bid process have utilized 
this contract, not the existing one. (The "mark up" is not to be a wholesale 
delete with the old contract language inserted.)
6)  In the event we are unable to reach agreement on the Stranger's Gas 
contract, NNG requests in writing an assurance of how Oneok is going to 
modify its facilities etc, to assure that it will not unlawfully take liquids 
that belong to others 
7)  Agreed to meet in Omaha on Sept 6th starting at 9:00 am 
please print.  thanks df
Attached is the latest draft of the Transport Option Program filing.  After 
our discussion last week I made a couple of significant changes from the last 
draft.
One is that we're no longer stating that the option fee is going to be 
"market-based."   Instead I have tried to portray the option fee as a 
built-in feature of the transport rate, which is simply being disaggregated 
into a separate option fee 
The other significant change is that I've structured the tariff language and 
the agreement so that every shipper, regardless of whether they currently use 
transport on TW, will have to have a firm transportation agreement when they 
buy an option.  In other words, a shipper that does not currently have a 
service agreement will simply execute an agreement with a MAXDTQ of zero.  If 
you don't think I've explained this clearly enough, let me know.
I'm meeting informally with the Commercial Group next week to discuss 1) some 
examples of options to make sure the tariff provisions and contract work from 
a logistical standpoint, 2) the bidding process, and how bids for options 
will be evaluated, and 3) further comments received from shippers.  I'll 
circulate our ideas on bidding and awarding options, and any other new ideas 
or questions.
As I've discussed with some of you, our shippers are asking to see the filing 
in its entirety before we file it, and would like to have a roundtable 
meeting prior to filing to discuss their concerns.  I realize there is some 
concern about showing them our filing.  What if we just show them our final 
tariff language and form agreement, and offer to host a meeting to discuss 
their questions?  Let me know what you think.
Our target filing date will depend on whether we have a customer meeting 
first, and when FERC staff is available to talk.
Please take a look at Vig's effort to detect price arbitrage behavior on TW 
using the same method that Steve Kirk used on Northern.  You'll recall that 
Steve's chart on Northern showed an very close correlation between the 
calculated arb opportunity and the direction and size of the aggregate 
customer imbalances, by month.  Proving once again that TW is just a little 
different, that method shows no correlation at all on TW.  I agree with Vig's 
conclusion that we should not use this data in the 637 filing 
I tried one alternative reading of the data to see if I could find a 
correlation.  Steve's method evenly weights the value of arb opportunities 
that occur early and late in a month.  Please tell me if you agree, marketing 
folks, but I think a more logical approach would risk-weight the apparent arb 
opportunites.  In other words, an apparent opportunity to short TW and sell 
the gas for a $.25/mmbtu profit on the 5th of a month is unlikely to generate 
arb behavior because a trader has no idea on the 5th what the cash out index 
will be at the end of the month.  In contrast, an opportunity to make $.25 on 
the 25th of a month, when a trader can calculate pretty closely what the 
monthly index will be, is basically free money.  Using that logic, I ignored 
any apparent arb opportunites in the first half of the month.   I eyeballed 
the timing and size of the arb opportunites (i.e., there's a $.70-.90 arb 
opportunity to short TW from the 23d to the end of May, 2000) rather than 
using Steve's mathematical approach.   I still didn't see the kind of 
correlation I'd expect.  The correlation is directionally positive in only 4 
out of 12 months, and the size of the imbalances doesn't even make sense in 
the months that correlate on direction.  I give up, and am removing the arb 
argument from the daily imbalance section of the draft.  I'll route that 
separately 
Thanks to Vig, Susan, Lorraine and Richard for hustling on this analysis "Its better to try [to find a correlation] and fail than never to try at all. 
Attached is my redline of your Sat. draft.  In addition to the revisions in 
the doc, I have a few questions and concerns:
1.  On the segmenting section, I think it is a fine legal argument, but it 
lacks something.  What is our "or else" position?  Does the Global Settlement 
give us any FERC-out rights or colorable argument that the entire deal should 
be unwound if FERC screws up the segmenting issue?  I'm not suggesting that 
we should trigger a FERC out if we have one, but if we arguably do, we should 
consider threatening to use it.  I'm afraid we come across as whiny and 
FERC's position will likely be "so what, what are you going to do about it If we have no arguable "FERC-out" and the only  "or else" we have is that 
we'll take them to Court and force them to adhere to the original deal, I'm 
for leaving the draft as-is.  We can make our appeal threat more direct on 
rehearing if they hose us in the initial order.
2.  On the arbitrage argument, I've taken out any reference to an example and 
softened the verbiage a bit.  I want to leave in the references to the 
arbitrage issue, however, because FERC understands the problem and believes 
it is widespread.  We don't need to prove exactly how big a problem it is on 
our system (although it would have been very effective if we had clear facts).
3.  Do any of the OBA changes arguably conflict with the Global Settlement If so, we'd  better be prepared to eat our words from the segmenting 
section.  Covering ourselves in the sanctity of that Settlement in section 1 
and then fiddling around with it in section 2 won't play well.  It is my 
understanding that the OBA system on TW was not part of the turnback 
resolution deal so I hope this won't be a problem 4.  On FN 20, I'd suggest we use Vig's data and chart for May of 2000.  The 
arb opportunity is huge and clear.  We reference in the FN that we use all 
six of the Gas Daily price points, and I think Vig used just 3.  What's the 
right answer 
Good work everyone--please give it one more careful look on Monday AM and it 
should be good to go.  DF 
Maria Pavlou
08/12/2000 08:33 AM
I have tried to incorporate comments from our meeting last Thursday as well 
as written comments provided to me.  There are still some areas that we need 
to decide on.  For example, we need to determine if arbitrage argument works 
and finalize related Exhibits.  Also, re:  daily imbalance pricing at points 
that have EFM, are we keeping the 25,000 Dth??  Also, I'm not sure whether we 
confirmed that we have only called one Alert Day since 1994.  Finally, we 
need to double check the tariff language on autobalancing per note on page 29 
of draft.  Please review and provide me with comments early on Monday Thanks.  Maria
I suspect this didn't get to you as I originally used your MSN address.  DF
Attached is my redline of your Sat. draft.  In addition to the revisions in 
the doc, I have a few questions and concerns:
1.  On the segmenting section, I think it is a fine legal argument, but it 
lacks something.  What is our "or else" position?  Does the Global Settlement 
give us any FERC-out rights or colorable argument that the entire deal should 
be unwound if FERC screws up the segmenting issue?  I'm not suggesting that 
we should trigger a FERC out if we have one, but if we arguably do, we should 
consider threatening to use it.  I'm afraid we come across as whiny and 
FERC's position will likely be "so what, what are you going to do about it If we have no arguable "FERC-out" and the only  "or else" we have is that 
we'll take them to Court and force them to adhere to the original deal, I'm 
for leaving the draft as-is.  We can make our appeal threat more direct on 
rehearing if they hose us in the initial order.
2.  On the arbitrage argument, I've taken out any reference to an example and 
softened the verbiage a bit.  I want to leave in the references to the 
arbitrage issue, however, because FERC understands the problem and believes 
it is widespread.  We don't need to prove exactly how big a problem it is on 
our system (although it would have been very effective if we had clear facts).
3.  Do any of the OBA changes arguably conflict with the Global Settlement If so, we'd  better be prepared to eat our words from the segmenting 
section.  Covering ourselves in the sanctity of that Settlement in section 1 
and then fiddling around with it in section 2 won't play well.  It is my 
understanding that the OBA system on TW was not part of the turnback 
resolution deal so I hope this won't be a problem 4.  On FN 20, I'd suggest we use Vig's data and chart for May of 2000.  The 
arb opportunity is huge and clear.  We reference in the FN that we use all 
six of the Gas Daily price points, and I think Vig used just 3.  What's the 
right answer 
Good work everyone--please give it one more careful look on Monday AM and it 
should be good to go.  DF 
Maria Pavlou
08/12/2000 08:33 AM
I have tried to incorporate comments from our meeting last Thursday as well 
as written comments provided to me.  There are still some areas that we need 
to decide on.  For example, we need to determine if arbitrage argument works 
and finalize related Exhibits.  Also, re:  daily imbalance pricing at points 
that have EFM, are we keeping the 25,000 Dth??  Also, I'm not sure whether we 
confirmed that we have only called one Alert Day since 1994.  Finally, we 
need to double check the tariff language on autobalancing per note on page 29 
of draft.  Please review and provide me with comments early on Monday Thanks.  Maria
OK.  DF
Christine Stokes
01/11/2000 02:02 PM
TRANSWESTERN CONTRACT APPROVAL REQUEST
Please review the REVISED non-standard discount letter for Red Cedar 
Gathering Company.  This discount letter, previously approved by appropriate 
officers,  now contains the addition of a Paragraph 5.    As described 
before, this one year contract is for 100,000 Dth/d of Red Cedar to El Paso  
Blanco capacity.  Red Cedar will pay a one-part rate of $.02 based upon 70% 
of the contract's MDQ.  They will also pay a $.02 rate for the remaining 30% 
of the contract's MDQ on a "as-use" basis.
Please provide approval via REPLY WITH HISTORY.  If any questions arise, 
please contact me at x35702.
Oh oh.  Time for another nomination?
Everyday heroes are all around us at Enron, living our core values of 
Respect, Integrity, Communication and Excellence in everything they do.  Some 
of these heroes make a big splash while others just quietly make a difference 
in the workplace around them.  Either way, these special individuals deserve 
to be recognized with a nomination for the 2000 Chairman's Award.
As there is more than just one employee living the values at Enron, this 
award program will honor 10 employees as members of the Chairman's 
Roundtable.  From that group, the one individual most embodying our values 
will be presented with the Chairman's Award at the Management Conference in 
San Antonio in November.
The beauty of this award program is that it is completely employee-driven 
from beginning to end.  From your nominations, an international employee 
committee will select the Chairman's Roundtable and eventually, the 
Chairman's Award winner.  Your role of nominating our everyday heroes is 
extremely vital to the program's success.  If someone has made a positive 
impression on you, please take the time to complete a nomination form and 
send it to Charla Reese by October 1, 2000.  You may click here for a 
printable form 
For more information on the Chairman's Award, including details on last 
year's Roundtable members and previous winners, Repit Suliyono and Bobbye 
Brown, please click here 
Again, this is a very special award at Enron and we sincerely thank you for 
your participation.
Ken, Jeff and Joe
Count me in!  DF
Tony Pryor
08/14/2000 04:50 PM
Sent by: Janet Cones
There will be a meeting regarding Enron OnLine tomorrow, Tuesday, August 
15th from 3:30 until 4:30 p.m., in EB 4102.  Video conferencing will be 
available should Drew or Maria be able to attend.
Give me a call when you get the chance to look at this and I'll update you on 
the discussion we had yesterday on automating the request for service 
process.  Shelley, Tony and myself got comfortable that with a few changes to 
the verbiage a customer sees before he clicks on a parcel of capacity, and 
with a couple of minor limitations on the capacity we sell (i.e., no Subpart 
B-restricted 311 capacity parcels) Northern will be able to treat a 
customer's click on a parcel of capacity as submission of a request for 
service. 
08/15/2000 06:42 PM
Tony Pryor
Tony Pryor
Tony Pryor
08/15/2000 06:42 PM
08/15/2000 06:42 PM
Attached is a revised draft of the text appearing with the long product 
description on EOL, as discussed today. The purpose of the additional 
paragraph is to eliminate the need for a separate submission of a request for 
service. Please give me your feedback/comments.
Tony, I agree it look s fine.  I've talked briefly with Glen and emailed my 
thoughts to them, but haven't had a chance to walk Glen and MKM through what 
we discussed yesterday.  DF
Teb Lokey
08/16/2000 03:18 PM
Looks good to me ,too.
Frazier King
08/16/2000 03:14 PM
Looks good.
08/15/2000 06:42 PM
Tony Pryor
Tony Pryor
Tony Pryor
08/15/2000 06:42 PM
08/15/2000 06:42 PM
Attached is a revised draft of the text appearing with the long product 
description on EOL, as discussed today. The purpose of the additional 
paragraph is to eliminate the need for a separate submission of a request for 
service. Please give me your feedback/comments.
Have you guys met/discussed this with Michele?  Please get me up to speed Thanks DF  
As you are aware, Transwestern is working with a shipper to potentially 
provide service to a new power plant located approximately 40 miles off the 
mainline in Arizona.  Although, the final negotiation are not complete 
certain options are being evaluated, I need some assistance in interpreting 
the regulations regarding the authority we should use for approval of this 
project 
The facilities that would be constructed include a delivery point and 
approximately 40 miles of pipe.  As these facilities are non-mainline, it may 
be possible to construct the proposed facilities under the prior notice 
provisions of TW's blanket certificate, provided the project satisfies the 
blanket criteria (generally costs and environmental).
With this in mind, I have the following issues and questions:
Preliminarily, marketing is thinking that we may want to develop an 
incremental rate  to recover the cost of the project.
Would a new incremental rate for this service impact our ability to file for 
approval under the prior notice provisions?  Note: Generally, Subpart F of 
Part 157 (blanket regulations) does not address service issues as 
transportation service is provided under Part 284 of the Commission's 
regulations.  However, the regulations (o157.204)  set forth Who may apply 
for a blanket certificate.   The criteria includes, among other things, any 
interstate pipeline that has rates accepted by the Commission.  Therefore, 
would an incremental rate have to be approved by the Commission before the 
proposed facilities would be blanket eligible?
Can a new incremental rate be established through a limit-section 4 rate 
filing or is a case-specific certificate required?
As the facilities will not include any mainline expansion - Is an open season 
required for the project?  My opinion is "NO".  Do you agree?
Your thoughts and assistance in this matter would be greatly appreciated Thanks MW
Leslie, I'll follow up with Mike McGowan.  Is there an invoice or something 
floating around that you are aware of?  Shall we just send to you Tom and 
have you get it to the right place?  I'm not sure anyone has been hired yet 
to fill Tim's position, but I know that is in progress.  Mike--please give me 
a call re: this.  Thanks. DF 
Leslie Lawner@EES
08/21/2000 09:13 AM
Drew, Tom has informed me that Enron has never paid for the table that Tim 
Aron got for the Secretary Richardson fundraiser (last April) and the tab is 
$2500.  I know in hindsight we may not want to give Richardson any money 
since he blew his chance at becoming VP (just joking) but we do need to pay Tom's email address is above and perhaps he can tell you where to mail the 
check.
I also have a couple of other obligations that Tim Aron undertook that I need 
to follow up on, has someone been hired, or should I go through you?
Thanks.
OK.  DF
Janet Cones
08/24/2000 12:50 PM
For Approval
I think we are pretty well covered on this issue--thanks for checking!  DF
Tom Rutherford  are you following the carlsbad, n.m. pipeline explosion? shall we send
you clips about it?
Drew.Fossum@ wrote: