Debi Vanwey
07/30/2000 08:51 PM
Please discontinue distribution of this message to Mike McConnell at his=20
e-mail address mike.mcconnell@.  Please contact Cathy Phillips at=20
713-853-6898 or cathy.phillips@ if you have any questions.  Thank=20
you.
Cathy Phillips for
Mike McConnell
Tom_Rigamonti@Dell.com on 07/31/2000 10:09:09 AM
NewsLine:?July?28, 2000 =20
Re:?GLOBAL NEWS AND  INFORMATION=09
?
?
IN  THIS ISSUE
?
DELL  NEWS
Dell Goes Direct in  India
Dell Strengthens Lead in U.S.  Market
Moving Up on Fortune Global 500?
Dell PowerEdge  2450 Server Wows 'Em?
Dell?ScoresBig Win in Korea
?
INDUSTRY  NEWS
Intel, AMD to  Announce New Chip Speeds
Succession Plan  for Lou Gerstner?
Compaq Settles  Overcharging Claims
?
?
DELL NEWS
Dell Goes Direct in India:  Dell has established a wholly-owned subsidiary in=20
India with direct sales  and support operations in major cities, such as=20
Bangalore, New Delhi and  Calcutta. Currently, Dell is building the necessary=20
infrastructure and  completing the requirements for implementation of the=20
direct model in India.  Chip Saunders, president, Asia Pacific/Japan,=20
announced in New Delhi that the  company is excited about going direct in=20
India, =01&the last frontier for the IT  industry.=018 According to International=20
Data Corp. figures in the first quarter,  Dell is the fastest growing among=20
the top 10 computer vendors in India. For  more of this story, go to=20
=20
?
Dell Strengthens Lead in U.S.  Market: Dell has  increased its market share=20
in U.S. PC sales, strengthening its lead over No. 2  Compaq, according to=20
International Data Corp. (IDC). Compaq leads worldwide  but Dell has narrowed=20
the gap at No. 2. Strong demand in Asia boosted  worldwide unit growth to=20
14.5 percent, said IDC, the market research firm  based in Framingham, Mass.=20
Read the story online:=20
?
Moving Up  on Fortune Global 500: The July 21  issue of Fortune magazine=20
shows Dell has moved up to No. 154 on the  Fortune Global 500, up from No.=20
210 last year. This prestigious list also is  available online:=20
?
Dell PowerEdge 2450 Wows 'Em: In its  first competitive product review, the=20
Dell PowerEdge 2450 claimed two awards  from InternetWeek: the "Best of=20
Breed" and the "InternetWeek Approved"  awards. The magazine was most=20
impressed by the feature-packed server and  praised the PowerEdge 2450's=20
availability features, serviceability and solid  management tools.=20
?
Dell?ScoresBig Win in Korea: Korea Telecom, the country=01,s second-largest=20
telecommunications company, had to  ensure system-readiness for a=20
demonstration of an Internet Broadcasting  project to be witnessed on Aug. 5=20
by the president of Korea.?Korea  Telecom called on Dell=01,s expertise on=20
Internet infrastructure. The order  consisted of 23 PowerEdge 8450s, 21=20
PowerEdge 6450s, 55 Precision Workstation  420s and close to 30 units of=20
PowerEdge 2450, OptiPlex GX200, Precision 620  and Latitude LS combined.?This=20
was  just the first order, andevery single  system?was delivered by Dell=20
within  seven business days.=20
?
INDUSTRY NEWS =20
?
Intel,  AMD to Announce New Chip Speeds: Intel is set  to release a 1.13-GHz=20
Pentium III on Monday, July 31. Longtime chip rival  Advanced Micro Devices=20
(AMD) is planning its own 1.1-GHz Athlon release on  Aug. 28. Dell is=20
expected to be one of the first to offer Intel=01,s new chip to  customers. AMD,=20
on the other hand, is developing a new version of Athlon  called =01&Corvette,=018=20
for deluxe notebooks and desktops, and =01&Camaro,=018 for budget  portables. Both=20
chips are expected to be releasedin the fourth quarter. For details, go  to=20
=20
?
Succession  Plan for Lou Gerstner?:IBM has named Sam  Palmisano as president=20
and chief operating officer and John M. Thompson to the  position of vice=20
chairman, both veteran IBM executives. Palmisano will be  responsible for=20
IBM's operating units, including all product and services  divisions, sales=20
and distribution and global financing businesses. Thompson  will be=20
responsible for IBM's efforts in emerging growth areas such as  Internet=20
services, wireless technology and Linux. More detailsareavailable at=20
?
Compaq Settles Overcharging  Claims: Compaq  Computer?Corp. has agreed to=20
pay  (US) $4.5 million to settle charges that Digital Equipment, a company=20
it  acquired in 1998, overcharged the U.S. Defense Department for computer =20
network installation. For more on this story, go to=20
050.=20
?=20
?
?=20
- DNN.jpg
- bluespace.gif
Please discontinue distribution of this message to Mike McConnell at his=20
e-mail address mike.mcconnell@.  Please contact Cathy Phillips at=20
713-853-6898 or cathy.phillips@ if you have any questions.  Thank=20
you.
Cathy Phillips for
Mike McConnell
NewsFactor Network  
Today's E-Commerce Minute
from the E-Commerce Times, Part of the NewsFactor Network
Friday -- July 28, 2000 
Also from the NewsFactor Network:
Attention webmasters, site owners and Intranet managers:
Get automatically updated technology news headlines for your site.
It's free. It's easy. It's at www.FreeNewsFeed.com.
Every eBusiness should have a Buddy,
especially one that helps to Increase Online Sales.
Sign up today and we'll help you increase your
sales reach to over 69 million AOL Buddies!
TOP TEN STRATEGIES FOR DIRECT EMAIL SUCCESS
download your free copy of this informative report at
BoldFish: Opt-in email marketing software solutions
Toysmart Will Not Sell Customer Names... For Now
(Posted 28-Jul-00)
Following an uproar over Toysmart's intention to
break the privacy promise it made to its customers,
the defunct e-tailer has done an about-face,
deciding not to sell its database of customer
information, after all.
Massachusetts assistant attorney general Pamela Kogut
told the E-Commerce Times that a "key component" was
missing from the FTC conditions for sale of the
customer database.  "Consumers should be given notice
that their names and shopping preferences are going
to be sold, and the opportunity to provide opt-in
consent," the attorney said 
See The Full Story:
eBay To Get $1.2M in Spam Settlement
(Posted 28-Jul-00)
eBay, Inc. (Nasdaq: EBAY) said it will get
$1.2 million (US$) under a lawsuit settlement
with ReverseAuction.com, Inc., which had been
accused of illegally obtaining eBay user IDs
and addresses in order to send them unwanted
and misleading e-mail 
See The Full Story:
The Far Side of E-Commerce, Part II
(Posted 28-Jul-00)
In Part I of this special report, the E-Commerce Times
explored an Internet industry segment that we have
dubbed "odd-commerce," highlighting some of the
weirdest and wackiest items being offered for sale
online.
However, some of the offerings on the far side
of e-commerce are more interesting and surprising
than weird 
See The Full Story:
Napster Shutdown Robs the Masses
(Posted 28-Jul-00)
At midnight on Friday, Napster could very well take its
last gasp -- but it has been a pretty impressive run for
an upstart network built almost solely on killer
technology and wildfire word of mouth 
See The Full Story:
FTC Backs Away from Net Privacy Regulation
(Posted 28-Jul-00)
Despite the vociferous demands of consumer advocates
for new laws to protect the privacy of online
shoppers, the U.S. Federal Trade Commission and the
Department of Commerce (DOC) have endorsed an
industry self-regulation plan developed by the
Network Advertising Initiative 
See The Full Story:
Just for Fun See Today's Cartoon:
Friday's CRM Report
(Posted 28-Jul-00)
Friday's Cybercrime Report
(Posted 28-Jul-00)
If you do business on the Internet, you cannot afford
to be uninformed about the dangers and pitfalls that
cybercrime poses.  The following is a daily survey of
the latest cybercrime news from around the world 
See The Full Story:
One Year Ago: Yahoo! Taps Into Online Banking
(Posted 28-Jul-00)
As analysts have recently pointed out, leading portal
site Yahoo! (Nasdaq: YHOO) has no problem getting
people to come to its site.  Now Yahoo! is working
toward getting its visitors to stay awhile.  Today,
Yahoo! announced a deal with online bank Telebank
(Nasdaq: TBFC) that will allow Telebank customers
to view their account information on Yahoo 
See The Full Story:
Friday's E-Commerce Stock Watch:
(Posted 28-Jul-00)
* Mainspring Gains on First Trading Day
* Go2Net Buy Sinks InfoSpace
* FairMarket Gets Lift From Q2 Report
* iVillage Drops on Q2 Loss, Management Change
See The Full Story:
We=01,re looking for someone just like you! If you have a friend or
colleague looking for the best e-commerce and Internet business
news available online, please feel free to forward this newsletter.
Seeking New Employees to Upgrade Your Staff?
Looking to Upgrade Your Career?
The E-Commerce Times Job Board Is There For You!
Please Visit 
Employers and Agencies can list job openings for less than $3.00 per day!
The board is free to viewers and job seekers.
To advertise in this newsletter, or on other parts of the
E-Commerce Times, please call our sales dept. toll free
(888) 528-8280 ext. 205,  e-mail: sales@ecommercetimes.com,
or link to our online media kit at
The E-Commerce Times is a free online publication that provides daily news,=20
special
reports, and success stories, in addition to an e-commerce products and=20
services
guide. The publication's tagline is "Everything You Need To Know About Doing
Business Online" and content is 100% e-commerce.
You are receiving this News Flash in response to your request on the=20
E-Commerce
Times web site for our Daily Newsletter. If you are receiving this in error,=20
or if you
wish to be removed from the mailing list, please click to
jkTV6
If this e-mail was forwarded to you and you wish to subscribe to this FREE=20
newsletter,
please visit the E-Commerce Times at   and use our
Newsletter sign-up box on the right side of the page.
We welcome your comments and feedback. Simply reply to this e-mail or send=20
your
comments to editorial@ecommercetimes.com
Sent to: mike.mcconnell@
Attached below is the updated copy of the eCommerce Commercial and 
Origination Activities Contact List.  Please let me know if you have any 
additional changes to the list.
Thank you.
Mike McConnell
Nicki,
Can you believe that we will be working together again soon?  Chris, Claire=20
and Michael were up last week for lunch and we all came by to see you but of=20
course you hadn't moved yet.  It will be fun.
On the memo, I am fine with it and like the changes Mark put on the drafts. =20
I do have 1 issue to talk to him about and that is the emissions piece which=20
now appears to have separated from the coal group.  I will talk to him about=20
it and see why that has changed but other than that business call, it is=20
fine.  I was just with Skilling and I think he is ready for it when you get=20
everyone's comments.
Mike
Nicki Daw@
07/28/2000 11:41 AM
Can you please review the following announcement regarding Enron Global=20
Markets and pass back any comments?
Thanks
Nicki
___________________________________
As evidenced by an exceptionally strong performance in the second quarter,=20
Enron=01,s wholesale energy businesses in North America and Europe continue to=20
experience tremendous growth.  The opportunities to continue to grow our=20
natural gas and power businesses have never been better and it is critical to=20
Enron=01,s future success that we remain focused on expanding these businesses=20
and maintaining the strong momentum we have in these markets.
It is equally important that we continue to develop new businesses outside of=20
gas and electricity, which can make significant contributions to our earnings=20
growth.  We have made significant progress in developing these businesses in=20
North America, Europe, and most recently in our new Net Works business unit. =20
Included in these developing businesses are our efforts in crude and=20
products, coal, emissions, insurance, currency, equity trading, interest=20
rates, paper and pulp, and metals.
While significant progress has been made in these efforts we need to=20
accelerate the growth in these new businesses while continuing to=20
aggressively expand our core gas and electricity businesses in North America=20
and Europe.  In order to accomplish these two objectives and to capitalize on=20
the increasingly global opportunities in these new businesses we are today=20
announcing the formation of a new business unit =01) Enron Global Markets.  This=20
new business unit will focus on markets and commodities which are global in=20
scope, but outside our traditional gas and power markets.  This new core=20
business unit will operate in parallel with and in close coordination with=20
the North American and European businesses.
Enron Global Markets will be headed by Mike McConnell, President and Chief=20
Executive Officer, and Jeff Shankman, Chief Operating Officer.  They will=20
report to Mark Frevert who will be Chairman of Enron Global Markets, in=20
addition to retaining his current responsibilities as Chairman and CEO of=20
Included in this new business unit and reporting to the Office of the=20
Chairman will be the following businesses and their leaders:
- Global Crude and Products:     John Nowlan
- Coal:         George McClellan
- Currency, equities, interest rate and agricultural trading:  Gary Hickerson
- Insurance and weather:      Jere Overdyke
Enron=01,s metals business will remain the responsibility of Enron Europe and=20
the Paper and Pulp business will continue to reside in North America. =20
Emissions trading is still primarily a North American activity and will=20
report into John Lavorato.
With the departure of Mike McConnell from Enron Net Works, we are pleased to=20
announce the following appointments in that business unit:
- Jeff McMahon: President and Chief Operating Officer
- Louise Kitchen: Chief Commercial Officer
- Philippe Bibi:  Chief Technology Officer
Jeff, Louise and Philippe and Greg Whalley will comprise the Office of the=20
Chairman for Enron Net Works.
Hi Jennifer -
Mike McConnell asked me to respond to your message on his behalf.  Mike will 
be unable to speak at your conference in October, but he has requested that 
you contact Jeff McMahon to see if he is available.  I am also sending this 
message to Jeff and his assistant, Sue Ford, so that they may anticipate you 
contacting them 
Please let me know if you have any questions.  Thank you.
Cathy Phillips for
Mike McConnell
X-36898
JENNIFER STEWART@
07/24/2000 09:44 AM
Mike,
The Enron's Global Asset Management Conference committee would like to invite 
you to speak on Enron's ebusiness strategy for this conference which is being 
held at the Woodlands Conference Center on October 8-11.  We would like to 
have you present on October 10, from 9:00-10:00 AM The conference committee has chosen the One Enron theme since the attendees 
at the conference are coming from all the Enron business units both 
domestically and internationally. The estimated attendance at the conference 
will be 225 Enron and Joint Venture employees.  The invitations are being 
issued enterprise-wide to employees who are engaged in 
operations/maintenance/purchasing.  This conference is the expansion of the 
annual plant managers' conference that is held each year in Houston.  We are 
replacing it with what we will be a "Best in Class" conference addressing 
multiple topics that will provide direction that will result in lower costs, 
increased earnings and employee retention.  We will also be utilizing this 
conference as an additional mentoring activity for our Minority/Women 
Business Enterprise suppliers.
I hope that you will accept our invitation, because I know many of the 
participates are very interested in learning more about what Enron's 
ecommerce strategy.
An agenda has been attached for your review, however it is still in 
development.
If you have any questions, I can be reached at (713) 646-8235. 
Jennifer L. Stewart
Senior Director
Global Strategic Sourcing
(713) 646-8235
FYI, please make sure he understands you should get all this information.
thanks, m
Steve Nagy@
07/28/2000 08:25 AM
FYI. Altrhough the article focusus on B2C, B2B is ramping up next in Brazil. 
There are real opportunities: we need to execute fast.
Thanks, Steve
Monica Talan@_DEVELOPMENT
28/07/2000 10:56
This article on Brazil and the Internet might be of interest:
Allan,
Would you please contact this guy and see what he wants.  We need to 
follow-up because his dad is on the board with me for JDF and he was the 
number  2 guy at Compaq with Rod Canion.  He is a Ken Lay buddy as well Please find out if there is any synergies here and if not please simply 
respond and say thanks no thanks.  We just don't want him to think that Enron 
blew him off.
Thanks and i hope it is not a waste of time.
Mike
Scott Cooley  Mike,
Hello there. If you could give me a name or two of the folks heading up the
Internet - eBusiness strategy I'll contact them. I appreciate your help and
have a great weekend..
,
Scott,
I was following up on a few old items, has anyone contacted you from
Enron?   If yes, please let me know, if not please resend email and i'll
follow-up to make sure you get a response.
Thanks,
Mike McConnell
This email was sent to me by mistake.  I didn't read it once I realized it 
was sent to me in error.
Mike McConnell
Tabatha, please schedule this meeting for August 10th.  Greg, Gary and I
should be able to handle it.  Russell, David, Tom - let Tab know if you want
to attend.  Tab, also invite Kevin Lyng, or whoever he designates, so we
have someone who can carry the ball on contacting zees who aren't taxing
correctly.
Also, does anyone have the document showing the taxes and results by store?
I only have the "here's what we did, here's what we found" letter.
To fix all this, we need to know the correct tax rate per store, the method
they should be using, and whether parts and/or labor need to be reported on
the invoice.  Then, our little group can make some consistency decisions
about how taxes will be computed and reported at the company stores (there
are some options we need to nail down), then IT will implement.
D'Arcy,
Attached as requested is the copy of the public information on EOL.
mike
Mike,
Here're the Management Reports for the last two days - per Julie's request.
,
Rahil
Leonardo Pacheco@
07/26/2000 06:56 PM
Please see the attached Management Report for July 25, 2000:
Total  Today Year To Date Life To Date
Number of Transactions  2,414 208,531 213,532 =20
Gross Notional Value $  953,437,294 100,025,268,454 101,286,159,437
=20
Revenue from Physical flows to date ($)  6,618,570,908 6,714,322,400 =20
=20
New Counterparties transacting today  0
Counterparties having transacted to date  416
Also attached is the Public Domain Report, containing information which is=20
intended for use in presentations or reports which will be seen by=20
individuals outside Enron:
Total Life to Date Transactions   > 213,000 which is > 59 % of Enron=01,s=20
current transactions for the month=20
Average Daily Transactions    > 2,000
Life to Date Notional Value of Transactions > $101 billion
Average Daily Notional Value    =3D Approximately $1 billion, which is 45.5% of=20
Enron=01,s Notional Volume
Number of Products Offered Each Day  =3D Approximately 820
=20
Leonardo Pacheco@
07/27/2000 03:52 PM
Please see the attached Management Report for July 26, 2000:
Total  Today Year To Date Life To Date
Number of Transactions  1,518 210,049 215,050 =20
Gross Notional Value $  739,687,205 100,761,145,458 102,022,036,442
=20
Revenue from Physical flows to date ($)  6,680,333,471 6,776,084,963 =20
=20
New Counterparties transacting today  3
Counterparties having transacted to date  419
Also attached is the Public Domain Report, containing information which is=20
intended for use in presentations or reports which will be seen by=20
individuals outside Enron:
Total Life to Date Transactions   > 215,000 which is > 59 % of Enron=01,s=20
current transactions for the month=20
Average Daily Transactions    > 2,000
Life to Date Notional Value of Transactions > $102 billion
Average Daily Notional Value    =3D Approximately $1 billion, which is 45.5% of=20
Enron=01,s Notional Volume
Number of Products Offered Each Day  =3D Approximately 820
=20
Billy,
I like it.  My only suggestion is to put in a statement like - that after all 
your discussions with business unit head and AAs  we are (changing) improving 
the program on the suggestions that you all wanted to see.  I think this 
could help everyone believe they were a part of the changes personally.
Just an idea, I like it very much as it is.
Good luck,
m
Steve and D'Arcy,
Here is the short version of the Net Works story that was presented to the 
analysts.
Also please forward to Kish.
Thanks,
Mike
PB,
FYI, please make sure someone takes a look at this and atleast provides a 
response.
Thanks,
mike 
This letter was also sent to Mr. Fastow on 7/12/00. 
I look forward to talking to you. 
Terryl 
terryl.wilson@us.origin-it.com 
TEL?????? 972.861.1955 
CELL??? 214.335.9146 
FAX????? 972.387.1896 
- ltrhd enron 7.17.doc
Mark,
Thanks for the updates.  I have big news;  I'm changing jobs.  This is not 
announced yet but I am moving to the wholesale group with Frevert to become 
CEO for a new business unit called Enron Global Markets.  It will contain the 
global commodities including Crude and products, coal, LNG, weather, 
insurance, FX/interest rates/equities, etc 
I think MEC is very cool and i am glad we are pursing it.  Please keep 
Philippe, Jay and now Jeff McMahon in the loop.
Good luck with this and I look forward to hearing more about it's success Please keep this news to yourself until next week.
Thanks,
Mike
Enron Investment Partners
Steve,
I spoke with David ealier today.  He is planning a meeting with Jim Tour to 
due diligence the technology 
I would like to put together a team to drive MEC's strategy, including a 
consolidation in Houston.  We would trade this commitment for warrants in the 
company and a right to participate in future fundings.  Effectively, our team 
could help drive the strategy for the company and due diligence a possible 
investment at the same time.
Thanks,
mark
Steven J Kean@EES
07/26/2000 05:11 PM
I think it would be useful to verify their view that they are really only 2-3 
years from commercial production.  Ideally, we could get that confirmation 
from someone familiar with the technology but without any financial interest 
in its success.  Their technology pitch sounded good, but I don't know enough 
to recognize the potential shortcomings.  I want to feel comfortable that you 
all feel this is real, then I would be happy to have me and my team spend 
some time with them.
Thank you for participating in yesterday's meeting.  We spoke with Harvey and 
Jim after the meeting and they took to speed to market comments to heart There is an opportunity for Enron to participate with MEC in the early 
development of their company, but it seems the one thing they want is the one 
thing we also want, people.  I would appreciate your thoughts and comments on 
the possiblity of creating a small team that could work directly with MEC as 
part of a potential investment and strategic relationship.  Given our 
resource constraints, this would most likely be part of the organization that 
sees the greatest strategic impact from MEC's development.
Mark
x37408
man you're fast.
Congrats and I think this will be good for all involved. 
Cool!!!!  What a great head start on this years effort.  The Doug Leach team 
is off to an award winning start!  With matching thats $10,000.
Thanks and good luck,
Mike
PS, I'm done and part of the team.  Announcement out soon.  I am really 
looking forward to working with you.
Mike,
I was talking to a member of the NYMEX Board and he thinks he can get JDF a 
$5,000 to $10,000 donation from the NYMEX. I will coordinate with Cathy and 
we will submit a request to the NYMEX and he will push the process. His name 
is Rich Schaeffer and he is the NYMEX Treasurer and works at ABN AMRO in NY.
Doug
Cool!!!!  What a great head start on this years effort.  The Doug Leach team 
is off to an award winning start!  With matching thats $10,000.
Thanks and good luck,
Mike
PS, I'm done and part of the team.  Announcement out soon.  I am really 
looking forward to working with you.
Mike,
I was talking to a member of the NYMEX Board and he thinks he can get JDF a 
$5,000 to $10,000 donation from the NYMEX. I will coordinate with Cathy and 
we will submit a request to the NYMEX and he will push the process. His name 
is Rich Schaeffer and he is the NYMEX Treasurer and works at ABN AMRO in NY.
Doug
Jeff, yet another email.  This article just got re-written but obviously 
needs to be updated.  What do you think about putting in your name on this?
Mike
Doug Morgan@
07/28/2000 07:49 AM
Hi Mike--
Thanks for the added comments and corrections to the first draft.  Here's the 
final, if you'd just send me back an okay, so we can move forward with it.
Thanks again for your cooperation.
Doug
Jeff,
Steve Horn is pushing for us to speak at this conference in Aspen.  I told 
him that I am not available but it does look good and it is in a nice place also the speakers are first rate.  What do you think?  If you are interested 
please let Steve know.  I told him that I thought everyone was busy.
Mike
Stephen R Horn
07/24/2000 04:09 PM
per your request, attached is a list of speakers at the Industry Standard 
conference.  It looks like a very strong list. They would like to get an 
answer by Thursday.
My suggestion would be for me to go ahead and RSVP that I will do the speech. 
If McMahon is available and wants to do it then we will have the slot held. 
John Eckhouse  Hello Stephen,
As you requested, here's a list of confirmed speakers. Enron will get a
prime slot on Thursday September 7, though we can move it to either Friday
or Saturday if that fits your schedule better. And you'll have a keynote
session, whereas many of the CEOs below will be on panels. Hope to hear a
confirmation from you very soon.
Best,
--John
John Eckhouse
Managing Editor, Conferences
The Industry Standard    www.thestandard.com/events
jeckhouse@thestandard.com    415-591-7916
Confirmed Speakers
Rich Barton, CEO, Expedia
Bill Bass, Senior Vice President, E-Commerce & International Land's End
Daniel Case III Chairman and CEO, Chase H&Q
Bob Davis, CEO, Lycos
Paul Deninger, Chairman and CEO, Broadview
James Fallows, Columnist, Atlantic and Industry Standard
Jonathan Foster, COO, toysrus.com
Joel Gurin, Executive Vice President, Consumers Union
Jeanne Jackson, CEO, Wal-Mart.com
N.S. (Buddy) Hayden, Chairman and CEO, The Return Store
John Hagel, Chief Strategy Officer, Twelve Entrepreneuring and Co-Author,
Net Gain and Net Worth
Rick Kaplan, President, CNN/US
Angela Kapp, Senior Vice President and General Manager, Online Division,
Estee Lauder
Doug Maine, General Manager, ibm.com, IBM
Dan Nordstrom, President and CEO, Nordstrom.com
Michael Parekh, Managing Director and Head of Internet Research, Goldman
Sachs
Karl Peterson, CEO, HotWire.com
Scott Praven, Vice President, E-Commerce, united.com, United Air Lines
David Readerman, Director of Internet Strategy, Thomas Weisel Partners
Reuben Slone, Vice President, Global E-Business, Whirlpool
Pete Solvik, Senior Vice President and CIO, Cisco Systems
Patrick Spain, CEO, Hoover's Inc
Mozell Thompson, Commissioner, Federal Trade Commission
Gary VanSpronsen, Executive Vice President, Herman Miller
Brian Walker, President, North America, Herman Miller
Tom Wolzien, Analyst, Sanford Bernstein
George Zachary, General Partner, Mohr Davidow Ventures
John, I like the report.  Nice job.
m
Kelly,
I talked with Rebecca.  This list is fine, I have no changes.
mike
Kelly Johnson@
07/26/2000 04:13 PM
Mike, the next meeting of the Board of Directors will be held on August 8th. 
Prior to each meeting, we will send you a list of Enron Corp. Officers from 
your department for your review.  Please provide comments to the list by July 
31st. If  you approve as written, please let me know. Thanks, Kelly
Name	Title
Michael S. McConnell	Executive Vice President, Technology
Philippe A. Bibi	Vice President, Technology
Daniel L. Bruce	Vice President, Technology
Anthony Dayao	Vice President, Technology
Beth S. Perlman	Vice President, Technology
Jeanette M. Rub	Vice President, Global Technology Infrastructure
Per,
Attached is the first draft of an EGM update and org memo.  Please take a few 
minutes and review, add what is necessary for your section and return ASAP Other comments are welcome as well.    I would like to get this at on Friday 
evening or early next week.   Please do so on a hard copy and have brought 
up.  I will incorporate your changes. Some of the changes in the memo are 
still under consideration and need to be considered extremely confidential This needs a lot of work and filler.  Also add a one line update or positive 
statement about your business as an intro line of the section 
Thanks,
mike
LK,
Nice presentation, I'll give other comments later.
mike
Matt,
I did send on your email to 3 people at EBS:   Ken Rice, CEO; David Cox, MD; 
and Kevin Garland, VP of investments.  They are all out of the office thru 
next week.   If you don't hear back from someone in a couple of weeks, please 
let me know.
Thanks and good luck.  Say hello to my good friend Robin.
Mike McConnell
David,
Attached for your information is an email from the CEO of Six Foot Studios This guy is the brother-in- law of Robin Gibbs, one of the top litigators in 
the country.  Robin and his firm is used a great deal in our key cases for 
Enron.  This looks like a cool company but I have no idea if you have any 
interest in his company or it's products.  I do, however, need someone to 
follow-up with him, even if it is a polite discussion that we don't have any 
interest.  We need to respond in some manner.  I forwarded this a while ago 
but he didn't hear anything.
He is successfully getting in to companies in Houston and Compaq is a big 
supporter.  I hope there is an opportunity here.
Thanks,
Mike
"Matt @ Six Foot" <matt on 07/12/2000 05:57:54 PM
Dear Michael,
?
Thanks for your phone call today. As promised you  will find attached samples 
of our work.? Although the executables are all  flash files - please know 
that we are not limited to?that software and  design scope.?We are also 
excellent 3d animators, web designers and  multimedia specialists. For 
example we produce interactive CD-ROMs, Tech  animations and Trade Show 
presentations.
?
Due to proprietary restrictions there are other  grander, more 
complex?projects that I am unable to distribute. However, I  can personally 
showcase in 10 minutes our other capabilities to the appropriate  parties at 
Enron. I would like to emphasize that we are a "Digital Marketing  
Enhancement" company... we take ones & zeros and bland text messages, turn  
them into eye-catching animations and fire them across the net!
?
Attached file description (note the small file  size)
?
6ft buzz ad - A digital brochure that we send to  potential clients. (638k)
?
Phases - A?project guide for clients of  buzzad.com. (554k)
?
Magnolia - The online web-commercial (buzz ad) for  New Line Cinema's 
"Magnolia." (761k)
?
Boiler Room - Another New Line ad.  (641k)
?
NewTek Game - A customized parody game for the  company who's software 
created effects in movies like "Titanic."? The host  is a caricature of the 
company's CEO. (728k)
?
I appreciate your time and attention.
?
Sincerely,
?
Matt Ballesteros
CEO
Six Foot Studios LTD
matt@sixfootstudios.com
713.522.3170
?
?
- Boilerroom.exe
- 6ft buzz ad.exe
- Magnolia.exe
- NewTek Game.exe
- Phases.exe
Greg and Jeff,
Attached is the draft announcement for the organization changes.  I am sure 
you will want to change the ENW piece, so far the focus was on the wording 
from the wholesale side but the titles should be correct for ENW.
Please provide your comments and I'll make sure they get included correctly.
Thanks,
Mike
Mark and David,
David I got your latest comments this morning.  I like them and added the 
correct Enron Net Works changes 
I will send this to Greg and Jeff immediately to work on the ENW piece, I am 
sure they will add to it and change it.
Thanks,
Mike
PS;  Mark, I haven't seen your draft, what do you think about this one?
David, 
Thanks for the comments and updates.  I didn't know exactly how it was 
structured.   I am waiting on the revised draft from Frevert.  After I get 
that one I will circulate it to Greg for his additions for the Net Works 
pieces 
I don't believe that we are going to add Shankman to the executive committee 
right now.  I am assuming the same is for Lavo.  There may be an appropriate 
time in the near future to make changes to the committee and they may be 
considered then. I don't think they want to add any additional people at this 
time.  Mark may have a different opinion and if he does, I am sure he will  
add it.
I do think we should add that Mark is Chairman of all the organizations.
Thanks,
Mike
David Oxley
07/27/2000 03:37 PM
Mike,
I'll review first para. and get a revised version back to you. Believe Mark 
was discussing/;looking at eblow but FYI my comments on the rest are:
- Wasn't clear on emmisisons, but believe that is McGowan who reports to 
McClellan
- Tawney reports to Overdyke
- Thought Overdyke was Insurance and Weather
-  Won't Shankman also get elected to to the Exec Committee?
-  Above being case I would suggest we announce same for Lavo.
- Should we add that Frevert remains Chairman of Europe and ENA.
David
Steve,
Sorry I missed you yesterday.  There is a lot going on here and in S America 
and we can probably discuss it next week.  I agree with your assessment of 
and the need to clarify roles and implement the business plan.   We will 
address all but there are some things going on that make it appropriate to 
wait a little.  If you have any questions you can address them with Joe but I 
would wait and keep moving forward on your daily business and projects.
I like the plan and we will discuss my comments next week 
Thanks,
mike
I am in most of next week.
Mark,
Here is the org memo draft we discussed.  I sent it to you yesterday but 
found a rejection notice on your address this morning.  Here it is again.
I'm in all day and tomorrow if you want to discuss.
Mike
Mark and David,
Below is my first stab at the organization memo.  I didn't over focus on 
specific wording and I am not sure how you want to address the various groups 
that will be affected.  I believe we need to address all of them by name and 
they should probably be in alpha order as to not upset anyone on the order.
I also didn't know any other information that you may want to include with 
regard to the successes from the group year to date Greg, Jeff and I are getting together for lunch tomorrow to discuss the New 
Works organization 
I think that this should come from Enron's office of the Chairman vs. the 
business units because it does affect 2 different lines of business and it 
will have more impact and clarity for the other groups especially, my 
departure from Net Works.
After you guys pretty this up (and destroy it) please send it back via email 
and i'll make sure and coordinate with Whalley.
Thanks,
Mike
I see we passed $100,000,000,000!   That's a lot of zeros.
Congratulations, who would have predicted this when you got called back from 
your plane trip to work on this new trading idea.  You should be very proud We all are.
Mike
Mark and David,
Below is my first stab at the organization memo.  I didn't over focus on 
specific wording and I am not sure how you want to address the various groups 
that will be affected.  I believe we need to address all of them by name and 
they should probably be in alpha order as to not upset anyone on the order.
I also didn't know any other information that you may want to include with 
regard to the successes from the group year to date Greg, Jeff and I are getting together for lunch tomorrow to discuss the New 
Works organization 
I think that this should come from Enron's office of the Chairman vs. the 
business units because it does affect 2 different lines of business and it 
will have more impact and clarity for the other groups especially, my 
departure from Net Works.
After you guys pretty this up (and destroy it) please send it back via email 
and i'll make sure and coordinate with Whalley.
Thanks,
Mike
Peggy, I'm glad you had a good time.  I can't begin to express my 
appreciation for all of your work and dedication to JDF.  I was proud to have 
you represent Enron.
Mike
Joe, 
Attached below is a draft of an EGM update and org announcement.  It will be 
broad in scope and will address many areas.  Please review and provide 
comments especially on the Japan part.  I went ahead and took a stab at the 
first cut here and expect you to make all the changes and emphasis you feel 
is appropriate.  We are a couple of weeks away from discussing every player 
(Morten Erik) that is why I left it very broad.  Please take a moment, change 
and send back to me for examination and incorporation.
I wanted to get this out on Friday, but may have to wait until early next 
week while i am on the road.
Thanks,
Mike
CP, I want to get this out this afternoon, after hours.  I want this to go to=20
ENA, ENW and executive committee. =20
Please read and let me know if you find any errors or if you have any ideas.
Thanks,
mike
At Enron Net Works, it has become clear that we have a tremendous opportunity=20
to utilize our unique strengths, skills and new business efforts across an=20
entire new set of opportunities being created in the private equity markets. =20
Because of this, we have reorganized the Enron Net Works Investments Group=20
with the view to leveraging the group better across strategic opportunities=20
in the eCommerce and technology space, and within Enron.
Effective immediately, Jay Fitzgerald will take responsibility for setting=20
ENW=01,s investment strategy and the implementation of that strategy.  Reporting=20
to him in this new role will be Steve Horn and the venture investing group. =20
Further, Alan Sommer will be joining Jay=01,s team to focus on developing new=20
market opportunities, with a focus on working with the various domestic and=20
international Enron business units to develop eCommerce-related businesses=20
and strategies.
Jay will be working both out of the New York and Houston offices in his new=20
role, and can be reached at jay@ or by phone at either (212)=20
702-3934 or (713) 853-9914.
Jay/Allan,
FYI and evaluation, attached is a business plan from the CALME group.  Please 
let me know what you think.  They are trying to play ball and sent this to 
us.  Also they are beginning to call me 
I had planned to send this to you while I was out but it wouldn't go thru 
properly from San Francisco.  Allan, please give her a call and let her know 
you received it and let her know your overall impression.
By the way, Karen is David Haug's new fiancee.
Thanks,
Mike
Karen Conway@MUNICATIONS
07/17/2000 03:29 PM
Mike,
As per David's request and our discussion on Friday evening, please take a 
look at the business plan submitted for the trading exchange. Let me know if 
you would like to pursue it so that I can facilitate an introduction if it is 
necessary. Alternatively, I can have the company call you directly.
,
Karen
Karen M. Conway
Director -  Corporate Development
Enron Broadband Services
Office: 713-345-8736
Fax: 713-646-8826
Karen Conway
07/12/00 04:26 PM
Shawn,
This came through to me through some contacts in the DR. I am not sure if you 
would be interested in seeing if the model applies in any other countries in 
your region. Additionally, who is the person who would be a counterpart for 
the Southern Cone. Let me know if it tickles you as I need to get back to 
them over the next week.
Thanks,
Karen
Karen M. Conway
Director -  Corporate Development
Enron Broadband Services
Office: 713-345-8736
Fax: 713-646-8826
javier@tarifajusta.com
06/28/00 05:21 PM
Estimada Karen,
Fue muy grato poder conversar contigo esta tarde. Aqui en TarifaJusta estamos 
muy interesados en continuar explorando las diferentes alternativas de 
trabajar junto a Enron en el desarrollo de nuestra empresa. 
Como acordamos, te estamos enviando copia del Business Plan y del Executive 
Summary (updated). Esperamos tus comentarios y novedades desde Enron para 
fines de la semana proxima. Quedamos en contacto por cualquier informacion 
adicional que pueda resultarles de utilidad. Desde ya muchas gracias,
Rafael Blanco Tejera
Javier Goldberg
Ricardo Haas
TarifaJusta
Tel (781) 239-6117
Cel (781) 248-4566
Fax (253) 390-6225
javier@tarifajusta.com
Joe,
It worked great, thanks for all your help.
mike
Joe Steele@_DEVELOPMENT
07/24/2000 12:55 PM
Mr.McConnell,
I wanted to touch basis with you regarding your laptop tune-up last week and 
any issues that you may have had over the weekend. If there were any dialup 
issues or if you have any questions regarding our dialup process (VPN) please 
let me know. 
FYI,
Per our discussion last Wednesday your Compaq M300 (standard Enron issue) has 
been ordered and I will let you know when it is ready for use. 
Thanks,
Joe
Joe,
Thanks for the email.  Project Summer does bring up some big questions and 
issues and I am not up to speed on the current thinking.  We'll talk later 
and i'll find out the issues and viewpoints.  On your other issue, I 
understand and we'll discuss.
Thanks,
mike
Joe Kishkill@
07/25/2000 10:18 AM
Mike,
You have probably heard that a tentative agreement has been reached on 
Project Summer.
When convenient, I would like to talk to you about what that means for the 
South Amercia Networks effort.  Given that we have been pursuing this stuff 
through a matrix approach many questions arise.
I am not sure of the Project Summer view or the Enron view.  I have the 
feeling it is not a "big blip" on anyone's radar screen. 
I did not bring this up during the weekly call because D'Arcy and Steve do 
not know anything (at least officially and/or from me).
Also, for what it is worth, I am assessing personal options at this point.  I 
am not necessarily wed to the "Newco" (unless Enron puts out a former EI 
hiring moratorium) despite what people may be assuming.
Thanks,
Kish
Hi Cate -
Mike McConnell has asked me to respond to you on his behalf.  He said that he 
is fine with the bullet points you have listed below, with the exception of 
"Acquisitions".  Mike will not focus on acquisitions in his speech.
Please let me know if you have any questions or if you need any additional 
information.  Thank you.
Cathy Phillips for
Mike McConnell
713-853-6898
Mike,
I am delighted to know that you are available to take part in the Atlanta 
E-Business Summit in October. I have tentatively scheduled you for 
mid-morning on October 3rd - let me know if that does not work for you.
With regard to the focus of your presentation, I have written a suggested 
session description below for your review. It reflects a strategic view of 
Enron's move into online B2B markets, which will be very relevant for our 
audience of C-level executives from the Fortune 1000.
The audience at the 21st Century Internet Summit will be primarily CIOs and 
senior executives from Internet companies, so perhaps you could deliver the 
same presentation with a slightly more technological content and perspective.
The programme for the E-Business Summit goes to print next week, so please 
forward me any modifications of the text below by July 19.
Leveraging core brick-and-mortar assets to create new businesses
o     Shifting strategies: turning an energy company into a new economy player
o     Acquisitions: targeting companies on which to build B2B platforms
o     Applying Enron's model to other wholesale commodity markets
o     Added-value as the competitive edge: risk management, financial 
services, liquidity
o     EnronOnline: evolving the customer relationship while increasing sales
Thank you for your interest in this project and I look forward to seeing you 
in Atlanta.
Best,
Cate Ambrose
Cate,
I could make the Atlanta conference on Oct. 2 - 3.  The presentation would
be similar to the one I am going to do in Sept. would that be a problem?
Actually, I thought the Sept. conference was aimed at this type of crowd as
well.
Mike McConnell
Dear Mike:
On behalf of The Economist Group, I have the pleasure of inviting you to
participate as a key presenter at our second US E-Business Summit in
October 2000.
The Economist's US e-business series was founded in March 2000 with Summits
in New York and Laguna Niguel California, and with the subtext "Strategic
business transformation for chief executives in the digital economy".
I am aware that you attended the event in Laguna Niguel, where John
Chambers, Dan Nordstrom, and Kevin O'Connor were among the speaker faculty.
The fall E-Business Summits are scheduled for October 2nd-3rd at the JW
Marriott in Atlanta, and October 18th-19th at the Ritz-Carlton in Chicago.
I have attached preliminary drafts of the programme for both cities, which
reflect a session dedicated to Enron Net Works.
We are particularly interested in including a presentation on how Enron has
leveraged core competencies to take on a new role in the Internet economy,
including the Net Works initiative to create B2B websites for other
businesses and industries. We would be delighted to have you speak on this
subject at either the Atlanta or Chicago Summit.
I understand that you have already agreed to participate as a speaker in
the 21st Century Internet Summit that will take place September 20-22 in
Laguna Niguel CA. That event, which has been organised by my colleague Lisa
Weiner, is targeted to an audience of CIOs in its focus on technology,
whereas the E-Business Summit targets CEOs in its emphasis on strategic
business transformation.
Thank you for your consideration of this invitation and I look forward to
following up with you following the holiday weekend.
,
Cate Ambrose
Director of Programmes
212.554.0659
(See attached file: programAt.doc)
(See attached file: programCh.doc)
Pop,
I got this today but there wasn't any message, was this a test?  You are so 
high tech now!
Mike
?
CP, check out my emails!  As you can tell my trip wasn't all fun.  I was 
obviously able to make the system work from the hotel - finally.  I left a 
few emails from various speaking forums.  Would you please follow-up on them 
and delete items that we dont need anymore.
Thanks,
Mike
Bob, 
Thanks for the email and invitation.  I am out of the office traveling right 
now and must get back to you on my availability.
Mike
Mike,
I'm putting together the keynote session for Interactive Energy and wondered
if you'd be available on Tuesday morning between 8-11, October 24, at the
Houston Adam's Mark.  It'll give you an excuse to sleep late in your own
bed!
I envision a panel of the heads of e-business and technology at several
major companies, including Don Paul from Chevron, John Leggate from BP
Amoco, Bob Peebler from Haliburton and one or two others, to discuss a range
of key issues.  Little if any advance preparation would be needed on your
part.
We're trying to get either or both Keith Krach from Ariba and Mark Hoffman
from Commerce One to provide the opener.  If both accept, we will probably
have one deliver in the morning and the other at lunch.  Or maybe we'll have
a mud wrestling contest.
Finally, we're much closer to Interactive Texas and wanted to see if there
is anything you'd like mentioned about Enron technology initiatives during
Jeff's introduction.  My wife Suzanne will be doing the intro.  She will
have a wealth of broader market statistics, but you may have some milestones
you'd like mentioned about EOL's progress or something else suited to this
Texas business and government audience.
Look forward to your reply.
Thanks,
Bob
Bob, thanks for the feedback and I enjoyed catching up as well.  Chris and
I both enjoyed our discussion and introductions at the dinner too.
As far as the 9 initiatives, that number includes all of our activities not
just new ones.  We don't have 9 being cranked out in 90 days, at least not
yet!
When we get closer to your conference, I would be happy to give you a count
for your intro. with Jeff.
Thanks,
Mike
Mike,
Good to catch up with you and congratulations on a fine opener this
morning.
I think I heard you say that Enron currently has nine e-business ventures
underway and your development cycle from concept to implementation is just
90 days.
I would like to use these factoids in Jeff's introduction unless I heard
you
incorrectly.
Kind 
Bob Nimocks
P.S. We're beginning to assemble the program for Interactive Energy 2000,
Oct. 23-26, in Houston.  I will e-mail you an invitation to participate on
the senior management panel Tuesday morning Oct 24th.
Matt,
I did receive it and sent it on.  If you don't hear anything please let me 
know.
Mike
Chris,
Thanks for the email.   I certainly understand your situation and 
perspective.  Give me a call when you return and we can discuss it.  We do 
have a lot going on in Net Works and we may have some additional clarity on 
our direction and priorities when you return from your trip.
Thanks for your tips on SF and for offering your home in the wine country Maybe we can take you up on it another time.
Mike 
Thanks, done.
m
Steve,
Sorry for the slow response but I got the latest word on voicemail while out 
here in SF.  They completely screwed up my order, not Ron the guy from 
Mercedes USA, but the dealer.  Ron has stepped in and followed up himself and 
I'll be receiving a 2001 in late August/early Sept..  He is a good guy and is 
trying to make up for the major dropping of the ball.  My sales guy that blew 
it is no longer in that job.  Hopefully it will be coming soon.  I'll believe 
it when i see it but I am very excited and it was a real let down in June 
when it didn't' arrive.
Thanks for asking.
We'll talk soon.
mike
Mike,
What ever happened with your car?
Steve
Andrew, 
How's the working coming?  What is your view of where we are.
Thanks,
Mike
Scott,
I was following up on a few old items, has anyone contacted you from 
Enron?   If yes, please let me know, if not please resend email and i'll 
follow-up to make sure you get a response.
Thanks,
Mike McConnell
Fred,
I haven't heard anything from you since this email.  Have you made any 
progress on your update?  I still believe this has a lot of merit and would 
like to hear your perspective.
Mike
Mike,
You and had a brief meeting in your office last week, where I introduced 
myself as an old school mate of Pat Wade's.  During our conversation, I had 
mentioned a business plan that I had written last year proposing a b2b 
platform for trading air freight capacity which received strong interest from 
ICG.  You then asked for a copy of it, thinking that Enron could use some 
background on the opportunity in air logistics 
If you don't mind, rather than send you a year old plan for a business that 
didn't get off the ground, I suggest that I work (on my own time) on a 
document that will speak better to Enron's needs, presenting the air 
logistics industry background and mapping it to potential opportunities that 
utilize Enron's core strengths.  I hope to have this doc done and delivered 
to you by the end of next week. 
Fred Philipson
Julie,  thanks, mike
Greg, 
Yes, I am their guy.  I have extensive info and feedback forms on them.  We 
definitely need to talk.  Please set up a 30 minute meeting with Cathy 36898 
and we can go through it and i;ll give you a copy of all info.
Thanks,
mike
PS congrats on ClickPaper.  The site looks great, you and your group 
accomplished a lot in a short period of time.  I know that the big test day 
was yesterday and hope all went well   
Are you the PRC rep for these guys?  If so, can I get some feedback on them 
so I can speak for them at the Global VP PRC on July 31st?
Thanks.
GP
Bill,
Thanks for sharing this letter.  I am always moved when I read things like=20
this and unfortunately I see a lot of them. Who is her mom, someone that=20
works for us in Omaha?  Would you please let me know via email.
Thanks for supporting her in her cause and efforts.
Mike
=20
Mike I thought you might be interested in seeing this letter. I bet we will=20
have the biggest turnout ever from Enron in Omaha.
Bill
Megan Heckerman (Bambi's daughter) who was diagnosed with Juvenile Diabetes=20
has agreed to be this year's honorary Enron Team Captain for the Juvenile=20
Diabetes Foundation walk (see Megan's letter below).  She is anxious for this=20
walk to be successful and has asked if she could help kick-off the campaign=20
by selling "Casual Shorts Week" buttons and signing up walkers and pledges. =20
Please stop Megan's table in the lobby and say "hi" tomorrow (Friday, July=20
21) from 11:30 a.m. until 1:00 p.m.
Casual Shorts Week buttons cost $5 and will allow the purchaser to wear=20
shorts the entire week prior to the walk (August 7-11) - won't that be nice=20
considering how HOT August usually is!
Hi,
My name is Megan Heckerman. I am 11 years old.  On August 3, 1999, I was=20
diagnosed with Type 1 Juvenile Diabetes.  For several weeks before that day,=20
I slowly became sicker every day and finally got really scared because I didn=01,
t know what was wrong with me and my Mom was scared too.  I was thirsty, went=20
to the bathroom a lot, started not feeling well and then finally I lost a ton=20
of weight real fast. When I went to the Doctor my blood sugar was nearly five=20
times normal.=20
Since August 3rd, my life has changed a lot.  I was told when to eat, what to=20
eat, what NOT to eat and how much to eat. Which is pretty tough to do=20
especially at Halloween, Thanksgiving, Christmas, Valentines Day and Easter. =20
Mom paid me for my Halloween candy and took it to work, so that was a good=20
deal.  I was told that my genes contained a code for killing the insulin=20
making cells in my pancreas and that all that code needed was probably a=20
virus that I had had last spring to turn it on. My insulin making cells are=20
gone forever but they tell me that someday they hope there will be a cure.=20
Since I was diagnosed, every day I test my blood at least four times for=20
sugar and take insulin shots three times a day. I have given myself nearly=20
1,000 shots and have poked my fingertips for blood nearly 1,400 times and it=20
hasn=01,t been even a year!  I would love to be normal again and there are a lot=20
of other people that have diabetes that I=01,m sure you know feel the same way. =20
So, I am writing to tell you about a project I am working on this year called=20
=01&Walk to Cure Diabetes=018. The Walk for Diabetes helps to raise money to find a=20
cure for juvenile diabetes. On August 12, 2000 in Elmwood Park, I will be=20
walking with my team from Enron called Megan's Marchers.  I hope that you=20
will join my team or sponsor someone on the team.  I am hoping we can raise=20
over $3,000.00 and have at least 20 walkers participate. Please consider=20
signing up to walk, or if you can=01,t then please sponsor the Enron team.=20
Thank you,
Megan Heckerman=20
Greg and Jeff,
I like the presentation.  I see you solved the matrix problem and got it down 
to 8 pages 
Greg and Mark, good luck on the analyst meetings, we'll look forward to our 
stock price increases from your presentations.
Mike
Michael Darnall@
07/20/2000 05:32 PM
Thanks for the update.
m
Liz M Taylor
07/21/2000 10:11 AM
Mike,
Previously, Fastow's group was scheduled to vacate floor 27 on the 24th of 
August.  There were a few unexpected construction problems and now the vacate 
date is September 8.
Of course we are not moving to floor 27 "as is".   I expect the rest of the 
month of September to be used for constructing floor 27 to our 
specifications.  We can probably start moving down the first weekend in 
October.  I'm requesting a very aggressive , around-the-clock, construction 
crew. 
I'll advise as necessary.
Many Thanks,
Liz
Groups to Occupy Floor 27
Office of the Chairman
Bill Brown/Mike Patrick
Greg Piper
Fitzgerald/Horn/Sommer
Harry Arora
Tom Gros
EOL Overflow
Jeff, I discovered this on my email this morning (I couldn't sleep).  I 
didn't know where you were on the numbers for the presentation but I thought 
I would forward this to you know.  I hope you already had what you needed 
here since i am sure it is too late.
Mike
Craig Chaney
07/21/2000 12:40 PM
Mike,
Bryan Seyfried asked me to send this information to you regarding our 
estimated market size.
Total Market Size:  $1 Trillion Existing Credit Derivative Market
EnronCredit.com Market Share:  $10 Billion
Margin from Market Share: 1.7% 
By Sunday afternoon we hope to be able to send you off some graphs that 
depict the expected growth over time.  If you have any questions please email 
us.  We'll be working this weekend.
Thanks,
Craig Chaney
EnronCredit.com
All,
Attached is the first draft of an EGM update and org memo.  Please take a few 
minutes and review, add what is necessary for your section and return ASAP Other comments are welcome as well.    I would like to get this at on Friday 
evening or early next week.   Please do so on a hard copy and have brought 
up.  I will incorporate your changes. Some of the changes in the memo are 
still under consideration and need to be considered extremely confidential This needs a lot of work and filler.  Also add a one line update or positive 
statement about your business as an intro line of the section 
Thanks,
mike
Mary, I would say a couple of things.  I describe Enron's unique culture 
using adjectives like , empowerment, innovation, innovation on steroids, high 
energy, exciting, challenging, cool, a great place to work.  Each one of 
these can be made into a sentence and/or a statement 
I hope this is what you were looking for.
Mike
Mary Clark@
07/18/2000 10:19 AM
I'm compiling the information for this year's Fortune survey.  One of the 
questions included in the Culture Audit is "What makes your company unique 
If you were asked this question, how would you respond?  Please send me your 
answer by Thursday, July 20 
Thanks.
Mary
CP, please forward quote to JDF for their consideration.
mike
Rosalee Fleming@ on 07/18/2000 01:45:44 PM
Cathy, Mike - Laura Schwartz in PR came up with the attached quote.  It 
sounds pretty good to me.  What do you think 
Rosie
Laura Schwartz
07/14/2000 03:12 PM
Please let me know if this is going in the right direction.
It looks fine. Thanks,
mike
Mike McConnell has asked me to respond to your message on his behalf.  He has 
asked that you please contact George Wasaff with Enron for this conference Mr. Wasaff is the Managing Director for Strategic Sourcing.  He recently 
spoke at one of your conferences and this conference is more closely related 
to Mr. Wasaff's area of responsibility.
Thank you for your assistance.
Cathy Phillips for
Mike McConnell
Carrie Shapiro  July 13, 2000
Mr. McConnell, CEO Technology
Enron
Dear Mr. McConnell:
Paula Hix and our Regional Advisory Board have requested we extend an 
invitation for you to participate in our eProCom Energy, Oil & Gas, Chemical 
Conference.  The program is scheduled for August 21-22, 2000 at the Westin 
Hotel Galleria in Houston, Texas.
The e-ProCom Conference Series, is being held on a regional basis, with a 
focus on individual industries, throughout North America.  These events are 
to be custom programmed for executive management, purchasing directors and 
IT/IS managers from large, midsize and small companies. Each Conference will 
contain multiple conference tracks that are programmed for companies at 
various levels of e-Commerce selection and implementation.
We are specifically interested in inviting you to participate as a Chair in 
our Session titled "EDI to e-Procurement."   I  have detailed the sessions 
below for your review and also attached the conference outline and marketing 
materials.
Session C: EDI to e-Procurement / Integrating the New Technologies into the 
Legacy System
Tuesday, August 22 8:30 AM - 10:00 AM
Chairperson:  Mike McConnell, CEO of Technology, Enron (invited)
Panelists
Bruce Aboudara, Business Development Manager, Peregrine Systems
Paul Forde, Technical Manager, Context Integration
Representative from Business Finance.com
Shannon Haley, Business Development Manager, IPNet Solutions, Inc.
Representative from Duke Energy
Thank you for your consideration of this invitation.  I will contact your 
office tomorrow to confirm your participation.  We look forward to working 
with you in the coming weeks.
Mark your calendar now to attend the e-ProCom for Oil, Gas,  Chemical Energy Conference, August 21-22, Houston, TX, at the Westin Galleria Hotel Attached is a full conference brochure and registration form.  Early bird 
discount is July 31, 2000!
,
Carrie Shapiro, Conference Coordinator
e-ProCom Conference Series
www.e-procomseries.com
c/o The TradeFair Group
Ph: 713-463-9595 x 307
email: carries@tradefairgroup.com
- ePro_HOU_8pg.pdf
Hi Paula -
Mike McConnell has again asked me to send you a message on his behalf.  We 
have received your message below to Zina and then also a message from Carrie 
Shapiro on the same conference.  George Wasaff, MD for Strategic Sourcing, 
spoke at one of these conferences recently and Mike said that he would like 
to have the conference organizers continue to contact George for future 
conferences.  I will pass this information along to both Zina and Carrie.
Again, let me know if you have any questions.  Thank you.
Cathy Phillips for 
Mike McConnell
(713) 853-6898
Paula Hix@
07/11/2000 07:42 PM
Zina,
Thank you for the information here and the followup phone message Regrettably, I won't be able to participate in the aspect of giving a paper 
at your Conference.  Please keep us in mind for the future.  We will, 
however, be very interested in having staff attend.
I suggest that you consider contacting Mike McConnell at Enron Corp to 
discern an interest in a speaker from his group.
Thank you again.
Sincerely,
Paula
www.e-procomseries.com
e-ProCom for Oil, Gas, Chemical and Energy Conference & Exhibition
August 21-22, 2000, Westin Galleria, Houston, TX
The e-ProCom for Oil, Gas, Chemical and Energy Conference is becoming a true
industry-wide gathering with over 100 confirmed speakers from 75+ different
companies presented in 3 simultaneous tracks that are custom programmed for
each specific e-business management function. This is an event that will
deliver the most real world solutions and options available in just 2-days.
Featured speakers include:
* Peter Lamell, Co-Ceo of the OGP Exchange
* Shell, Beth Armstrong, Senior VP Strategy & Marketing, Aquila Energy Corp.
* Gary Sellers, Team Leader for International Procurement, Texaco
* James Crompton, Strategic Account manager, Chevron
* Paul Frison, CEO, Houston Technology Center
* Stephen Long, SAP Analyst Materials Management, Lyondell Chemical Co.
* Tom Lennon, Technical Support Manager, Schlumberger Oilfield Services
* Paul Massih, General Manager Global Procurement, Chevron
* Bob Sheffield, Logistics & Gulf Share Leader, Shell E&P
* Jeff Sjurseth, Upstream Procurement, BP Amoco
.....and this is just 10% of the experts who will be panelists at e-ProCom
in August!
The e-ProCom event offers a moderately priced conference fee, as well as a
discounted group Corporate Registration Plan that allows companies to bring
everyone involved in the decision making processes. Register before July
31st, and save a $100 on an individual conference registration.
We are very proud of the level of interest that is growing daily for the
e-ProCom event. Please take a look at the Corporations that have decided to
become a part of this exciting industry gathering:
Commerce One, WellBid, RightWorks.com, Aspen Tech, Context, Arthur Andersen,
PetroCosm, MySAP.com, EnergyPortal.com, GeoNet Services.com, MOAI,
WorldOil.com, Petroleum Place, ProcureNet, ShareMax.com, ADB Systems,
Tradeum, MRO.com, Oil & Gas Journal Exchange, IndustrialInfo.com, SAGA
Software, Walker, IPNET Solutions, Pacific Edge Software, 21st Century
Energy Advisor, BP Amoco, Bechtel Corporation, Cisco Systems, Compaq
Computer Corporation, PricewaterhouseCoopers, Energy e-Comm.com, Enron Gas
Pipeline Group, FreeMarkets, iSource, Forrester Research, Inc., Iconixx,
KPMG LLP, Lyondell Chemical Company, Microsoft Corporation, MyPlant.com,
NetworkOil.com. There is still time to join us 
Media & Associations: Business 2.0, Energy Central, PIDX, Purchasing
Magazine, Hydrocarbon Processing, Hart's E&P, Texas Technology, Business
Finance.com, World Oil, Computer
User, Houston Business Journal, PR Newswire.
We look forward to presenting you with an event that delivers quality,
unbiased and vital information in the 2-day Conference as well as in the
"Solutions Pavilion." Register today!
Zina Kavazovic, e-ProCom for Oil, Gas, Chemical and Energy, Tel. (713)
463-9595 x311,
E-mail: zinak@tradefairgroup.com or visit our website at:
www.e-procomseries.com
paula.hix@
Jeannie,
Thanks for asking about my dad, he is doing very well after surgery which we 
believe was successful.
My kids loved it.  The really enjoyed learning about Dad's work and what I 
do.  I think that this is a very important event because we all spend so much 
time here at Enron.  I have two children Claire - 9  and Michael - 6. They 
both look forward to the event and talk about it for weeks prior to the 
actual day.  Actually my daughter talks about it all year long.  Also they 
really can identify with Enron and talk more about it because of events like 
these.
Mike
Jeannie Mandelker
07/14/2000 02:42 PM
Mike -- I hope you don't mind this, but I remember seeing you and your 
children at Take Your Child to Work day. I'm writing up a small story for 
Enron Business, and I wonder if you have a comment to make on this day.
Did you and your children enjoy the day? What were their favorite activities?
With all the things you have on your plate, why did you take the time to 
bring them in and accompany them during the day?
What are your children's names and their ages?
Any general comment you wish to make.
If you have time for this, I'd love to see what you have to say.
I hope things are going well for your father.
,
Jeannie
Jay,
Howdy from Houston.  I bet it is cooler in NY.
I don't really have any other ideas as you addressed below except I changed 
the word "his" to "the" investment group.  As far as other clarification of 
duties, I don't have any issue with it, but every CEO will call me and ask if 
this is a change in how they deal with Alan or investments.  What is the 
status with Steve and how the group is organized?  Did you talk with him and 
let him know that he is a stand alone dealmaker with an area of concentration?
Is that your official assigned work number?  If not, we need to get one 
assigned before the email goes out.  Also, I am assuming that this is in the 
MG office not the small Enron office, is that accurate?  Greg and I both 
think that the MG office is the best location and will help them assimilate 
with Enron.
Thanks,
Mike 
PS, good luck in the move
Jay Fitzgerald@
07/17/2000 02:40 PM
1)  I'm not sure it is appropriate to get into organizational details of how 
diiferent units will work together in an organizational memo.  We are working 
well communicating with and sharing deals between and amongst the various 
groups/business units on an informal basis.  Formalization of this process 
here adds litlle, and may detract.
2)  How else do I refer to it other than Steve and his group in the context 
in which this is written.  Suggestions appreciated!
Jay
P.S.  I know I owe you an accomplishments list, but as of now, I don't really 
know of too many for 1H2000.  I do not like to be too creative with these 
types of lists, and am not typically at a loss, but right now, I am a bit 
light.  We should discuss this in person, and sooner rather than later Tomorrow is my last day in Houston.  Give me a ring at your convenience.
Jay,
I like it.
Two questions. 
1. You didn't address how our investment group will work with other groups, 
specifically, EEL, ENA will (may) be different than how it works (and 
approves) investments with the investments from the other business groups.
2.  You still called it Steve's group.  Do you want to address the issue more 
directly or leave it more ambiguous?
What are your thoughts?
mike
Jay Fitzgerald@
07/13/2000 05:29 PM
What do you think about this one?
Greg,=20
FYI,  This is a draft org announcement to clarify Jay's and now Alan's role. =20
We have discussed this before but I think this is important to send out and=20
officially address.  It is intentionally very brief and informs people of the=20
new situation.  Please let me know if you have any comments,  I would like to=20
send out this week.
Thanks,
Mike =20
At Enron Net Works, it has become clear that we have a tremendous opportunity=20
to utilize our unique strengths, skills and new business efforts across an=20
entire new set of opportunities being created in the private equity markets. =20
Because of this, we have reorganized the Enron Net Works Investments Group=20
with the view to leveraging the group better across strategic opportunities=20
in the eCommerce and technology space, and within Enron.
Effective immediately, Jay Fitzgerald will take responsibility for setting=20
ENW=01,s investment strategy and the implementation of that strategy.  Reporting=20
to him in this new role will be Steve Horn and the venture investing group. =20
Further, Alan Sommer will be joining Jay=01,s team to focus on developing new=20
market opportunities, with a focus on working with the various domestic and=20
international Enron business units to develop eCommerce-related businesses=20
and strategies.
Jay will be relocating to New York city and will be working both out of the=20
New York and Houston offices in his new role, and can be reached at=20
jay@ or by phone at either (212) 702-3934 or (713) 853-9914.
Jay,
I like it.
Two questions. 
1. You didn't address how our investment group will work with other groups, 
specifically, EEL, ENA will (may) be different than how it works (and 
approves) investments with the investments from the other business groups.
2.  You still called it Steve's group.  Do you want to address the issue more 
directly or leave it more ambiguous?
What are your thoughts?
mike
Jay Fitzgerald@
07/13/2000 05:29 PM
What do you think about this one?
Here is a draft of the Jay announcement.  What do you think?
mike
Jay Fitzgerald@
07/13/2000 05:29 PM
What do you think about this one?
Its on my calendar.
m
Market size is in the presentation, thanks.  I want you to pick the number 
you want me to reference as our potential market share target and a potential 
margin number extrapolated from that.
Please respond ASAP with what you feel comfortable with.
Thanks,
mike
John,
We have discussed i2 in the past  but we need to take some action steps to 
make decisions and move forward.  Here is what I want to see done in short 
order.
Meeting with all key technologist on the full suite of products and 
functionality with complete demonstration by i2.  I would especially want PB, 
JP, BP, HE, and JG from George's group.
Follow-up meeting (after the technologists see functionality and form 
opinions and possible applications) with key commercial leaders:  GP -  P&P; 
TG - CommodityLogic; BG - Metals and steel;  JF - New Markets and 
Investments; AS - New Markets and Bus Dev.  During that meeting, we need to 
have some real players with i2 there to brainstorm and discuss business 
expansion opportunities in the specific verticals.  It would be good to 
actually have this meeting in Dallas but I am concerned about attendance.  i2 
owns the process and supply/downstream management in these industries and we 
need to really look to see if our combination can accelerate our new efforts 
and solve any logistic issues.
Put together an action plan.  George's group has already put a presentation 
together about i2, the products and possible applications.  George, please 
sent that to John.  I would like that document to be our updated business 
plan for i2 to be used as a "living" document as we move forward.
Assign someone to make and co-ordinate the use and full deployment of those 
products (utilize our $10 million spend).  I want someone to have the 
responsibility for i2 and he or she can also work with EBS on what they are 
doing also.  To be clear, we have spent the $10 million already but are not 
using the products.  I want to deploy all (if possible) and make this 
investment fully utilized.  I do understand that we don't drive businesses 
around a pre-purchased product but we should look at is as a sunk cost and 
rationalize why we shouldn't use if rather that simply considering it as an 
option.
Jason Robert, (469) 357-6737, was at the dinner with Sanjiv, Greg Brady, Jeff 
and Greg and he knows some of the mutual objectives.  He would be the guy to 
work with and set it all up.
EBS should be involved as well.  Rex Shelby is spending a lot of time with 
i2, weekly visits, and should also participate and use their products as well.
Is there an application for all of EES and their business?
Remember, Ken Lay is considering joining their board and we should be able to 
give him very clear insight on their products and how their company works.
PB, if you want someone outside Pavetto's group  to work on this that is fine 
but i want to understand the background and how they will make this happen. 
Thanks and please let me know your initial thoughts and timing.  If you need 
to have me send out an email to make sure that everyone understands the 
priority, please draft up and I'll send out.
Mike
Jeff, 
FYI, I just got this from Tom.  We don't have a very big opportunity here Tom did tell me that his numbers were going to be difficult to get.  Not that 
i don't want to put $5 trillion on our chart, but what do you think we should 
put as market size?  Nat gas, power and our existing verticals only?  What do 
you think?
He is the only one to give me a number yet.  I am going to discuss it at the 
staff meeting.
Mike
Thomas D Gros@
07/12/2000 04:33 PM
Mike,
Please find attached my initial attempt at 100,000-foot-level numbers for 
CommodityLogic.  I am happy to discuss further at your convenience.
All the best,
Tom
Steve, 
Thanks for the voicemail.  I was surprised that you were not up to speed 
(although I probably shouldn't be).  Please talk with Joe and get is view on 
this.  I left michael an email on my view, which is that it looks very early 
and I don't think it is worth our time or money at this point.  Certainly he 
wants to maintain a good relationship and watch them and maybe you can help 
with that. 
Let me know if you get any other news.
Thanks,
Mike
Richard, 
Life does move on!   What is Malcomb thinking!  Can you imagine intentionally 
working for and believing in Jonathan Legg?
Hope all is well.
Mike
Thank you for the email.  I have forwarded it on for people's consideration.
Mike McConnell
Philippe -
El Paso Energy is acquiring Coastal Corporation, where I am currently
employed.  El Paso will probably retain my employment in my current role as
Project Leader of Corporate/Refining & Marketing Systems Support, but I
would prefer working for Enron.  The proposed acquisition of Coastal by El
Paso will not be effective until October.
I just talked to Steve Schneider at Enron, and he highly recommended that I
forward my resume to you with a copy to Mike McConnell.  Steve also said
that he would be available to provide a personal reference on my behalf.
Attached you will find my current resume.  I would prefer opportunities in
the following areas (in this order if possible): project management,
database development, and mainframe system support.  My ideal job
assignments would include all three, but I am open to whatever might be
available.  Opportunities to learn new technology would be great!
Please do not hesitate in contacting me at my business telephone number
(713-877-3081).
Thank you for your time and consideration!
Marvin
- Marvin Avery.doc
Lisa, 
I am now catching up with some old emails (I've been out of the country for 
quite some time).  What is the status on this.  What  got approved and how 
much?  Do we still need more for Ted?
Mike McConnell
CP, would you please follow up and get the right forms to fill out.  I will=20
give my $5k.
thanks,
mike
Enron PAC@
06/15/2000 06:05 PM
Sent by: Enron Announcements@
Last year the Enron Political Action Committee (PAC) launched a campaign to=20
become a "million dollar PAC".  Enron employees, who provide all of the=20
funding for the PAC, responded and the Enron PAC reached its objective,=20
becoming one of the largest corporate PACs.  This year we face a new=20
challenge.  With the sale of EOG, the announced sale of PGE and normal=20
employee turnover, we have lost a significant number of consistent=20
contributors.  We are seeking your support.  If you are not a member, please=20
join.  If you are a member, we hope you will consider increasing your=20
contribution.
The Enron PAC is an essential tool in our effort to promote sound public=20
policy.  Our PAC funds support local, state and federal candidates, of both=20
parties, who support open markets, deregulation and customer choice.  Amounts=20
contributed may be used to make political contributions in connection with=20
federal and state elections and are subject to the limits of the Federal=20
Election Campaign Act.  While our PAC has grown thanks to our employee=20
contributions, it still generates just a fraction of the expenditures of=20
those who oppose these ideals.
This year, as always, we face challenges and opportunities for every one of=20
our businesses, including such issues as taxation and regulation of=20
e-commerce, electric industry restructuring, regulation of derivatives,=20
international trade and investment legislation, pipeline safety, local and=20
state decisions affecting the siting and interconnection of power plants and=20
a variety of environmental and tax issues.  Enron has a long and successful=20
track record of supporting and advancing good public policy.  That track=20
record depends on access to and regular communication with, decision makers. =20
The PAC provides that access - - it shows policy makers that real voters care=20
about what they are doing.
One of the best things about Enron is that we don=01,t just take things as they=20
are.  We challenge the status quo.  We ask why.  We change things.  The PAC=20
helps us do that.  We need you to help the PAC.  Sign up today - and please=20
consider the following contribution guidelines:
Manager    $500/year
Director     $750/year
Sr. Director/General Manager  $1,000/year
Vice President    $2,500/year
Sr. VP/Managing Director  $3,500/year
Executive Committee   $5,000/year
All contributions are voluntary and these guidelines are merely suggestions. =20
You are free to contribute more or less than the guidelines suggested and=20
Enron will not favor or disadvantage anyone by reason of the amount of their=20
contribution or their decision not to contribute.  You may refuse to=20
contribute without fear of reprisal.
Only U.S. citizens and resident-aliens living in the U.S. can contribute to=20
the Enron PAC.  The maximum contribution is $5,000 per year per individual. =20
An individual may not contribute more than $25,000 to all federal candidates=20
and committees within a calendar year.  The law requires that Enron report=20
name, address, employer and occupation for every person who contributes over=20
$200/year.
No portion of any contribution is deductible as a charitable contribution for=20
federal income tax purposes.
Thanks for your support!  Sign up now, or revise your current contribution=20
level by connecting with the PAC intranet site:
Thanks,
m
Gary,
Below is some information that might be of assistance to you.  I don't think 
that I sent this to you when I got it.  If I did please ignore this.  D'Arcy 
Carroll (works for us in S. America) came to us from Cargill and knows a lot 
of people there.  He has a couple of names that I have passed on internally 
for consideration but I am sure they didn't go to the right place.  On a 
recent trip to Sao Paulo, many of the ag products came up in meetings as good 
opportunities for Enron to go in and change that industry.  Coffee, Orange 
Juice, grains and sugar were brought up a lot.
D'Arcy may have traded an ag book for Cargill, I can't remember.
Anyway, I am passing this message and names on to you for consideration.  A 
phone call to D'Arcy might also be worth a few minutes of your time.  He 
knows a lot about Cargill and has an opinion on how to capture their markets.
Mike
D'Arcy Carroll@
06/09/2000 02:30 PM
Mike,  please find attatched 2 resumes, as mentioned. 
1. Rob Tesar.  Position: Enron Networks, Agricultural Markets.  Rob Tesar is 
American and has worked for 15 years at Cargill, the first 10 or so inside 
the  grains businesses where he managed the central hedging desk out of 
headquarters.   He is a class act; if he has any weakness it would be a 
tendency to  be too cautious.   He is significantly underutilized in his 
present position.
2. Detlev Hartman.  Position: open.  Detlev is German and was my boss at DG 
BANK in Frankfurt, in the early stages of the development of the finanical  
derivatives markets in Germany in the late 80's.  His professional background 
is diverse with a pretty consistent emphasis on finance.   Detlev is one of 
the  brightest, intuitive minds I've ever worked with; he could contribute in 
the MG initiative or in any number of trading, risk management oversight 
positions.   Somewhat volatile personality, but exciting to work with.
Daudi Lelijveld.  Position: Enron Networks, MG or logistics.  Daudi is a 
dutchman with a broad background; he has run Cargill's UK metals business for 
the last 5 years, or so.  He is putting his resume together and I'll forward. 
Paul Lichter and Mike Walden.  Position: IT - I have forwarded information to 
Jahn Pavetto 
Steve,
FYI, here was my response to Michael.  I was surprised that you didn't know 
about this but i probably shouldn't have been.  Let me know if you have a 
different opinion. 
Mike
Mike,
I agree with your assessment on keeping tabs on them but currently I don't 
see any real opportunity or decision to spend time or money with this 
effort.  I have received feedback from others in the group as well and they 
agree with our general thinking.  Have you talked with Louise lately?  We are 
announcing today that we will be pushing our pricing to other platforms in 
the US (therefore we keep all the liquidity of their markets).  Maybe this 
will apply to these guys, someday.  Certainly it is not appropriate now and 
with your domination concerns it might scare them even more.
My time is very limited next week and I am double booked most of the time I'm out Wed - Sunday and then the analyst meetings begin after that.  I 
really don't have time to meet with them especially if there is not real deal 
pending.  Is there someone else that is more appropriate, maybe someone can 
take them through EOL?  If you like that, please call Louise and co-ordinate.
Thanks,
Mike
I tend to agree with your initial comments. At this point I do not see a 
clear opportunity from a value standpoint but I do need to assist these guys 
and keep tabs on their development.
To me it looks more like a Streamline or Quick Trade product that is at the 
drawing board stage.  They are going to Oklahoma on Friday. William's may be 
the best group for them to ultimately hook up with. 
It is possible that the only thing we can offer this group latter on is a 
link to EOL if we so choose that to be advantageous. This market is too small 
and there is growing concern that EOL is a looming beast that will dominate 
market share. For now I need to continue to foster these projects until one 
is successful or EOL is no longer a political concern.
Could you be available for a presentation Monday or Tuesday. I will 
participate via conference call. 
Your assistance is greatly appreciated. 
MFG
Mike,
I just had my schedule changed dramatically for tomorrow and will not be able 
to talk.  How about Friday @ 10am?
Sorry, but we have a situation I must get involved with and change a 
direction.
I did review the email, and passed it on to others.  I do not see much from 
this site nor how it is actually going to develop real liquidity in the 
market.  If there are a couple of items that you want me to specifically be 
ready for , please send me a couple of comments via email or voicemail.
Thanks,
Mike
Mike,
I agree with your assessment on keeping tabs on them but currently I don't 
see any real opportunity or decision to spend time or money with this 
effort.  I have received feedback from others in the group as well and they 
agree with our general thinking.  Have you talked with Louise lately?  We are 
announcing today that we will be pushing our pricing to other platforms in 
the US (therefore we keep all the liquidity of their markets).  Maybe this 
will apply to these guys, someday.  Certainly it is not appropriate now and 
with your domination concerns it might scare them even more.
My time is very limited next week and I am double booked most of the time I'm out Wed - Sunday and then the analyst meetings begin after that.  I 
really don't have time to meet with them especially if there is not real deal 
pending.  Is there someone else that is more appropriate, maybe someone can 
take them through EOL?  If you like that, please call Louise and co-ordinate.
Thanks,
Mike
I tend to agree with your initial comments. At this point I do not see a 
clear opportunity from a value standpoint but I do need to assist these guys 
and keep tabs on their development.
To me it looks more like a Streamline or Quick Trade product that is at the 
drawing board stage.  They are going to Oklahoma on Friday. William's may be 
the best group for them to ultimately hook up with. 
It is possible that the only thing we can offer this group latter on is a 
link to EOL if we so choose that to be advantageous. This market is too small 
and there is growing concern that EOL is a looming beast that will dominate 
market share. For now I need to continue to foster these projects until one 
is successful or EOL is no longer a political concern.
Could you be available for a presentation Monday or Tuesday. I will 
participate via conference call. 
Your assistance is greatly appreciated. 
MFG
Mike,
I just had my schedule changed dramatically for tomorrow and will not be able 
to talk.  How about Friday @ 10am?
Sorry, but we have a situation I must get involved with and change a 
direction.
I did review the email, and passed it on to others.  I do not see much from 
this site nor how it is actually going to develop real liquidity in the 
market.  If there are a couple of items that you want me to specifically be 
ready for , please send me a couple of comments via email or voicemail.
Thanks,
Mike
Mike,
I just had my schedule changed dramatically for tomorrow and will not be able 
to talk.  How about Friday @ 10am?
Sorry, but we have a situation I must get involved with and change a 
direction.
I did review the email, and passed it on to others.  I do not see much from 
this site nor how it is actually going to develop real liquidity in the 
market.  If there are a couple of items that you want me to specifically be 
ready for , please send me a couple of comments via email or voicemail.
Thanks,
Mike
I am working on the presentation for the analyst meetings that are taking 
place July 24-26.  Enron Net Works is being featured and as part of the 
overall story Skilling wants to see some basic information on your businesses 
(and a few other possible verticals and market places).  Please provide me 
with these 3 specific items of information.
1.  Total market size for your business:  e.g.  Pulp and Paper is approx. 
$300 billion.
2.  Your target market share of that total
3.  Targeted (or other comparable) margin that you would (or could) expect to 
see
I realize this is subjective but I do need an answer to all 3 questions.  Put 
any explanation that you feel is important or needed.  Also please quote the 
source of the global market size.  When I get all the information, I'll go 
through it with everyone.
We  also need to get the global size of the markets that we are considering 
moving into and if you know any of these below, please let me know.
Data storage
Grains
Petrochemicals
Steel
Logistics
Thank you for your quick response.
Mike 
Cate,
I could make the Atlanta conference on Oct. 2 - 3.  The presentation would 
be similar to the one I am going to do in Sept. would that be a problem Actually, I thought the Sept. conference was aimed at this type of crowd as 
well.
Mike McConnell
Dear Mike:
On behalf of The Economist Group, I have the pleasure of inviting you to 
participate as a key presenter at our second US E-Business Summit in October 
2000.
The Economist's US e-business series was founded in March 2000 with Summits 
in New York and Laguna Niguel California, and with the subtext "Strategic 
business transformation for chief executives in the digital economy".
I am aware that you attended the event in Laguna Niguel, where John Chambers, 
Dan Nordstrom, and Kevin O'Connor were among the speaker faculty.
The fall E-Business Summits are scheduled for October 2nd-3rd at the JW 
Marriott in Atlanta, and October 18th-19th at the Ritz-Carlton in Chicago. I 
have attached preliminary drafts of the programme for both cities, which 
reflect a session dedicated to Enron Net Works.
We are particularly interested in including a presentation on how Enron has 
leveraged core competencies to take on a new role in the Internet economy, 
including the Net Works initiative to create B2B websites for other 
businesses and industries. We would be delighted to have you speak on this 
subject at either the Atlanta or Chicago Summit.
I understand that you have already agreed to participate as a speaker in the 
21st Century Internet Summit that will take place September 20-22 in Laguna 
Niguel CA. That event, which has been organised by my colleague Lisa Weiner, 
is targeted to an audience of CIOs in its focus on technology, whereas the 
E-Business Summit targets CEOs in its emphasis on strategic business 
transformation.
Thank you for your consideration of this invitation and I look forward to 
following up with you following the holiday weekend.
,
Cate Ambrose
Director of Programmes
212.554.0659
- programAt.doc
- programCh.doc
please set up a time for us to meet.  meet only.  please put him in front of 
some meeting so it cant go on to long.
thanks, m
Eric Efron
07/11/2000 09:03 AM
Mike
My name is Eric Efron and I am an intern in the tax department for EES.  The 
reason I am emailing you is that I am related to Kathy Knott and she had told 
me that she knows you real well and she wanted me to meet you.  I know you 
have been busy and out of town recently, so I figured I would just email you 
to see when you were available so I could come say hello.  Let me know what 
is a good time when you have a chance.  My extension is 57058.
Eric
FYI, please forward as you feel might be the best fit for consideration.
mike
Mike,
Pete Weidler, a friend of mine, recommended that I contact you feeling that
I may be able to help your group. Like you my background is not in
e-commerce. I was most recently President of an oil company operating in
Colombia. I am a manager in the classic sense, experienced in planning,
project valuation, economic analysis, contract negotiations and
acquisitions and divestitures. I am fluent in Spanish having grown up and
worked in Latin America my whole life. I bring a keen awareness of the
Latin culture and, what's more, a strong desire to continue working there.
Do do this I'm considering a career change and can imagine no better
company than Enron to make that change smoothly.
Pete and I both feel that Enron should have a good situation for a person
with my qualifications; unfortunately Pete's group is actually downsizing
and in no position to hire.
I appreciate your time 
G. Leigh Lyons
64 Wisteria Walk Circle
The Woodlands, Texas 77381
(409) 273-1624,  (409) 321-8005, cell (832) 722-4513
- generic_cover_letter.doc
- generic_resume.rtf
Thank your email.  I am forwarding it on to Robert Jones, VP of HR for the 
Net Works group and he will make sure that it gets wide distribution for 
possible positions.
Mike McConnell
Steve,  Here is an email from Mike.  Are you up to speed on this?  What do 
you think?  Please provide some quick feedback via email.
Thanks,
mike
Here is the information we discussed regarding Nodocero. Let me know when is 
a good time to do a secondary discussion. They will be in Houston late next 
week and early the following week. I will give you a call Monday.
MFG 
Patrick Hansen
07/07/2000 12:39 PM
Michael, I have the following comments to the Nodocero.com project.
Currently works as a platform where buyers and sellers agree on a price 
through an auction process (brokerage fee)
They aim at becoming a regulated market with standardised contracts. (subject 
to market and regulatory evolution)
Their value drivers are the "Payment Guarantee" (through an insurance 
company) and "Backoffice" (registration before regulatory authorities). None 
of these issues are definitely solved (no agreement with Insurance Co. and if 
any transaction is done now, all the backoffice procedures have to be done 
manually with their employees).
No technological partner yet. They have developed the web site platform (you 
can see it at www.nodocero.com), but I understand that they don't have the 
rest of the technological components required (database, operations, clearing 
system, other 
Apart from this, I would consider the following issues:
Currently there is no regulated market for this sector of the economy 
(Argentina and the rest of Latin America). Therefore their idea of becoming 
one is good.
The competitors in this race are: Nodocero.com - aXesoEnergia.com EnergyVex.com - Rofex (Rosario Futures Exchange) - other.
No competitor has yet taken an important lead in this race. aXesoEnergia.com 
is doing an important investment in marketing, but it currently works via an 
auction process and does not provide any further service like guarantee or 
backoffice.
One of the competitors will eventually succeed in becoming the reference 
market.
Nodocero.com has no strategic partner yet. (this could be taken as positive 
or negative)
The attached file is their business plan
Patrick
Lisa, 
As i was pondering the meeting last night going home in my car, I realized 
that I forgot to talk about 2 people,  including regulatory and your personal 
efforts.  I apologize for that, it was unintentional and I hope you realize 
how important you and your efforts are to EGM and Enron.  I could not read my 
notes very well due to the extremely heavy lighting - that didn't appear on 
my notes just on me.
Thanks,
Mike
Guy, FYI.  Is anyone familiar with this?  Mike is looking for some feedback It looks very premature and not worth a lot of time but he may need us to 
talk with them to help him with his business down there.  Any comments?
Mike
Here is the information we discussed regarding Nodocero. Let me know when is 
a good time to do a secondary discussion. They will be in Houston late next 
week and early the following week. I will give you a call Monday.
MFG 
Patrick Hansen
07/07/2000 12:39 PM
Michael, I have the following comments to the Nodocero.com project.
Currently works as a platform where buyers and sellers agree on a price 
through an auction process (brokerage fee)
They aim at becoming a regulated market with standardised contracts. (subject 
to market and regulatory evolution)
Their value drivers are the "Payment Guarantee" (through an insurance 
company) and "Backoffice" (registration before regulatory authorities). None 
of these issues are definitely solved (no agreement with Insurance Co. and if 
any transaction is done now, all the backoffice procedures have to be done 
manually with their employees).
No technological partner yet. They have developed the web site platform (you 
can see it at www.nodocero.com), but I understand that they don't have the 
rest of the technological components required (database, operations, clearing 
system, other 
Apart from this, I would consider the following issues:
Currently there is no regulated market for this sector of the economy 
(Argentina and the rest of Latin America). Therefore their idea of becoming 
one is good.
The competitors in this race are: Nodocero.com - aXesoEnergia.com EnergyVex.com - Rofex (Rosario Futures Exchange) - other.
No competitor has yet taken an important lead in this race. aXesoEnergia.com 
is doing an important investment in marketing, but it currently works via an 
auction process and does not provide any further service like guarantee or 
backoffice.
One of the competitors will eventually succeed in becoming the reference 
market.
Nodocero.com has no strategic partner yet. (this could be taken as positive 
or negative)
The attached file is their business plan
Patrick
FYI.  I got this from mike late last week.  Any comments?  It looks very 
early in their development but Mike may want them to talk to a couple of 
people here about their site.  We need to be helpful if it will help his 
business.
Dan are you up to speed on this?  If not please call him and get his 
viewpoint as well.
Mike
Here is the information we discussed regarding Nodocero. Let me know when is 
a good time to do a secondary discussion. They will be in Houston late next 
week and early the following week. I will give you a call Monday.
MFG 
Patrick Hansen
07/07/2000 12:39 PM
Michael, I have the following comments to the Nodocero.com project.
Currently works as a platform where buyers and sellers agree on a price 
through an auction process (brokerage fee)
They aim at becoming a regulated market with standardised contracts. (subject 
to market and regulatory evolution)
Their value drivers are the "Payment Guarantee" (through an insurance 
company) and "Backoffice" (registration before regulatory authorities). None 
of these issues are definitely solved (no agreement with Insurance Co. and if 
any transaction is done now, all the backoffice procedures have to be done 
manually with their employees).
No technological partner yet. They have developed the web site platform (you 
can see it at www.nodocero.com), but I understand that they don't have the 
rest of the technological components required (database, operations, clearing 
system, other 
Apart from this, I would consider the following issues:
Currently there is no regulated market for this sector of the economy 
(Argentina and the rest of Latin America). Therefore their idea of becoming 
one is good.
The competitors in this race are: Nodocero.com - aXesoEnergia.com EnergyVex.com - Rofex (Rosario Futures Exchange) - other.
No competitor has yet taken an important lead in this race. aXesoEnergia.com 
is doing an important investment in marketing, but it currently works via an 
auction process and does not provide any further service like guarantee or 
backoffice.
One of the competitors will eventually succeed in becoming the reference 
market.
Nodocero.com has no strategic partner yet. (this could be taken as positive 
or negative)
The attached file is their business plan
Patrick
Rebecca, 
Ouch.  Thanks checking, sorry for being out of the loop.  I'll let Philippe 
know, although he should have already been aware of this.
Mike
Beth Perlman was elected a Corp. V.P. in February and Jenny Rub was elected 
in May.  Call me or Kelly Johnson if you have any questions.
Mike McConnell@ECT
07/11/2000 08:04 AM
Rebecca,
Philippe being the only other corp officer within the large technology 
organization has an enormous volume of contracts to sign.  A large bulk of 
the signatures that are required come from two areas;  Infrastructure and 
ENA.  I would like to have 2 current Vice Presidents within the business 
units made corp VPs:  Beth Pearlman and Jenny Rub.
Can we make this happen and when would it occur?
Thanks,
Mike
I don't think you got a copy of this.
mike
Andrew, please make sure Jeff gets a copy of all of everything.  He is the 
Office of the Chairman sponor of the vertical and will be managing this 
process with Greg Piper until launch.  I stepped in while he was out of town 
on holiday.
Andrew Parsons@
07/11/2000 12:21 PM
The IT Compliance team has been asked to conduct a process review and process 
development project with the Clickpaper team.  The immediate plan is to focus 
on key processes prior to the go live date of July 24.  Arthur Andersen has 
agreed to provide experienced personnel to assist with this effort as 
necessary.
Attached please find a draft work program of the processes we plan to focus 
on over the next 13 days.  Under the execution section, the work program 
identifies the priority processes and the contacts we will initiate 
interviews with.  We will begin scheduling interviews this afternoon.
Thanks in advance for your cooperation,
Andrew Parsons
3-6665
They look fine to me.  There is a lot there - not.  I know that is the plan, 
i'm kidding.
mike
Mark Palmer@
07/11/2000 02:23 PM
Please review the attached EnronOnline press releases which are scheduled for 
release at 10:00 AM CDT tomorrow, July 12, 2000.  The purpose of the separate 
releases (the counterparties will make their own releases in addition) is to 
communicate the message that our goal is to continue to increase liquidity One way to do that is give the greatest possible number of  buyers and 
sellers the opportunity to see our prices.
Please send any comments to me by 9:00 AM CDT tomorrow, July 12, 2000.
Mark Palmer
Ext. 34738
Rebecca,
Philippe being the only other corp officer within the large technology 
organization has an enormous volume of contracts to sign.  A large bulk of 
the signatures that are required come from two areas;  Infrastructure and 
ENA.  I would like to have 2 current Vice Presidents within the business 
units made corp VPs:  Beth Pearlman and Jenny Rub.
Can we make this happen and when would it occur?
Thanks,
Mike
Mike,
Thanks for the response.  Yes, I would like a complete review of your 
initiatives.  Please call Cathy at 36898 and get on my calendar for a 1 hour 
update.
Thanks,
mike
Mike,
In addition to our e-commerce activity (energy.enron.com), my team has a 
number of "e-business" initiatives either under development or 
consideration.  These initiatives relate to using internet technologies to 
improve customer satisfaction, improve productivity, shorten the sales cycle, 
etc, not directly to transacting per se.  For example, we are creating a 
customer portal that will allow our existing customers to get access to a 
variety of information--such as billing, energy usage, project status, 
general news, etc.--all through a single browser view that can be customized 
to present only the information that the customer's interested in.  Another 
application we're exploring would use internet technology to streamline the 
deal process through on-line collaboration with our prospective customers Although these wouldn't be considered traditional e-commerce initiatives, 
they're examples of using the internet to create more value through better 
execution in our business 
Do you want to start tracking these kinds of initiatives too?  There may be 
opportunities in other BU's to use similar applications or otherwise take 
advantage of our learning.
Mike
Attached is the first draft of the eCommerce Commercial and Origination 
Activities Contact List.  This is being prepared for a wider distribution, 
therefore, please take a moment to review the list carefully and let me know 
if you have any changes to the list or if you would like to add any 
additional names to the list that you feel are appropriate.  The purpose of 
this document is to provide a consistent means for all areas of Enron to 
direct questions and inquiries related to specific eCommerce issues.
Thank you.
Mike McConnell
Mark, as discussed this morning.  When does Cedric get back?  I can go=20
through them in more detail but I thought these would help.
mike
Cedric, =20
As a follow-up to our meeting,  below are a few comments and ideas regarding=20
the Net Works piece of the analyst presentation. =20
I know I sent you a lot of data and presentations, here are a few pages in=20
the various presentations that I think may be appropriate for the=20
presentation (or pieces of them) including:=20
? Why Enron?
? Recent Enron eCommerce Experience
? Lessons Learned
? Business Strategy
? Target Market Criteria
? Enron Today/Enron Tomorrow
Here are a couple of other thoughts and ideas.
We need to emphasize our new businesses outside the energy business=20
(obvious).  Clickpaper.com will be out and live just before the analyst=20
meetings.  This is very exciting and could take the industry by storm=20
(eventually).  Especially with Jeff=01,s comments with the analysts.  This=20
should be emphasized with the metals piece.  The concept is that here are 2=20
new areas where Enron is going to change the "old economy" businesses and=20
industries.  Clickpaper will have real time pricing which is different than=20
all the other 15 existing sites.  All of the others are charging 3% fees for=20
matching buyers and sellers in a bulletin board or auction type of=20
transactions. We will also have that functionality (and will charge 1% or $0=20
(we=01,ll update you later) but will also have an EOL type of real time pricing=20
component (this piece will be free).  This piece will not be ready for July=20
25th but will be announced publicly and in final development stages (should=20
be out by end of 3rd qtr.).  I believe that the link with Net Works with both=20
paper and metals is very important for providing a more complete picture than=20
just metals alone.  Also for your information, we are working on 2=20
acquisition deals that will be coming out soon, 1 is to buy a mill and could=20
be announced next week, which will also clarify and add to the story since we=20
will have access to physical pulp and paper.  Paper must be an important=20
piece of the presentation.  Greg Piper is the MD for Clickpaper and he can=20
answer any other questions and fill you in and answer more questions.  He can=20
be reached at ext. 36635.
Also, on the "Target Markets" page, I would reorder;  put Lumber underneath=20
pulp and paper and think about separating the others as potential markets. =20
That way we could actually check off the top 3 as "done" and the others are=20
in "incubation" and examination stages.=20
Please draft up your initial thoughts on these items and send me the latest=20
version and I=01,ll add additional commentary.  I will be in all next week.
Thanks,
mike
First, thanks for jumping in on this.  I am confident we can get it done even 
though it will be a fire drill.
We had a control or process matrix meeting today and it is all there, it was 
just being held or managed in four places.  It will all  be pulled together 
by Monday in one place (one complete document) and will have about 15 major 
categories with specific tasks under each category with status, person 
responsible, comments and date to be completed.  It will also have a complete 
timeline. We can review that Monday and agree on its content.  Louise agreed 
to review it as well.
As it relates to the people you mentioned, let me know how and/or who you 
want to pull in after we agree on the control document.  That way we will 
know which areas I have holes and how we can fill them.
Salley Beck called (she mentioned you had called her as well) and we agreed 
that the ClickPaper's back office representative would officially be Scott 
Earnest (he has been unofficially it for months and we have been working with 
him for months).  She is going to get in place people to be our Product 
Control Group for CP launch on July 24th.  Scott and Salley will work to 
source it so that we have 3 or 4 people trained and ready on the 24th to 
receive password applications, create customer profiles on ClickPaper and 
start the applications through credit, legal and tax and finally get out user 
IDs to clients.  We will leverage off the EOL process but not use their 
people unless there is some emergency.  Remember, we are only setting up 
people for paper so the process is somewhat simplified.
We also have a help desk person starting next week.  I don't have his name 
yet, but we have him and one more on the way.  We will create for them a 
brief manual and train them on the system as fast as we can.
I did have a good meeting with Louise and Dave.  We walked inch by inch 
through getting a user ID and password to getting a trade done.  We have a 
few holes, but it is not that far away.  She is going to think about a 
process document for this and get back to me Monday.  I have a detailed EOL 
one and we will give it our shot this weekend.
Let me know what Mark Palmer says.  He knows we have been using Margaret.  We 
will sit down with Margaret again on Monday and detail for her the PR plan 
and what she needs to do.  We still plan to go out with a fairly inclusive 
mailing ( a letter) that does not include temporary IDs/passwords.  We will 
tell them that the launch is coming and as special customers, we want to use 
this time to get them pre-registered.  Besides, there is no way to test a 
1000 temporary IDs anyway.  We will send those out later.  as I said earlier, 
the goal is to replace the splash screen with the unsecure area (or garden as 
Lousie would call it) by next for Friday or the following Monday. That way 
people can surf the content and get registered.
On legal, I have been using Travis McCullough for at least four months and we 
had a detailed discussion today about the contracts, what is needed and the 
deadline. There is legal work left to do ( the current draft of the password 
application doesn't work), but if Taylor can help, that would be great.  We 
will get our commercial comments back to Travis by Monday.
I have a meeting Monday with Bill Bradford and Ted Murphy (with Bob Crane and 
Hal as well) to discuss the issue of a manual interface and the control 
issues associated with it.  Credit is fine, we have been working with 
Bradford for months, but Murphy needs to understand the issues with manual 
posting. I will also make sure they check with Rick Buy on his approval and 
views.
The entire ENA Paper group has the link to our site and we will have all 
their comments by the end of next week. They will also be given the complete 
Net Works and ClickPaper story on Thursday at their offsite and are ready to 
help the roll out.  We also have them scheduled to come in Saturday, July 
22nd for the final testing of the system.
Remember, the 24th is a one (Enron)-to-many launch with a financial market 
only.  ClickPaper is not the counterparty in the trade section, Enron is so 
it is simply a new distribution channel for Enron's existing financial 
offering.  Later, we will build it out for physical (probably sooner rather 
than later).  Finally, I will incorporate the EOL link or transaction loop 
but Louise said today that is October or November.  It will only be 
many-to-many if someone comes in and makes a compelling case ($$$) to do so.
Thanks.
See you tomorrow.
GP
Greg,  a couple of other thoughts and ideas for Monday's meeting.
I would like to discuss the entire process chain as part of the timelines, 
personnel responsibilities and key action items.  I think this is another 
good way to find any potential gaps and help prioritize various items and 
assignments.
Andrew Parsons Sr. Director (and superior performer) is a great and very 
smart guy that can add a lot of value to the effort.  You will like him and 
he will be a very valuable resource to add to the team - even if it is for a 
couple of weeks.  He wrote the IT compliance process chain and could reverse 
engineer difficult parts that are unique to the Ariba platform.  He has 
others on his team that could help and I've asked him to think about his 
existing AA resources that are available (some are working on ClickPaper 
already).
Other resources that have been identified to potential added firepower in the 
short run:  Beth Pearlman, John Tollefson (IT), Bob Schultz (LK said she 
could spare him without delaying phase 2 roll out), Dave Forester (not a good 
option because it would definitely set back phase 2 roll out), Mary 
Solmenson, Scott Mills, Berry Pearce, David Port, David Sweeny, Sally Beck 
(advice and discuss additional resources).
I did ask Louise to jump in (and i know you did too) to help on some quick 
thoughts on process and lessons learned.
I saw the process maps for EOL and I think they, or the simplified early 
versions, are very important and key to a successful launch for ClickPaper.
I went by to see Mark Palmer (he was out) and left him a voice mail on the 
marketing effort and what Margarat Allen is doing.  I wanted him to make sure 
that he understood the importance and priority of this effort.
I also talked with Beth Pearlman about helping out (or assigning John 
Tollefson) and I told her that we would be talking about this on Monday 
afternoon.
Do we need to have Alan Aronowitz or Mark Taylor look over the agreements to 
add a trading perspective?
A few thoughts,  see you tomorrow.
mike
Cedric, =20
As a follow-up to our meeting,  below are a few comments and ideas regarding=20
the Net Works piece of the analyst presentation. =20
I know I sent you a lot of data and presentations, here are a few pages in=20
the various presentations that I think may be appropriate for the=20
presentation (or pieces of them) including:=20
? Why Enron?
? Recent Enron eCommerce Experience
? Lessons Learned
? Business Strategy
? Target Market Criteria
? Enron Today/Enron Tomorrow
Here are a couple of other thoughts and ideas.
We need to emphasize our new businesses outside the energy business=20
(obvious).  Clickpaper.com will be out and live just before the analyst=20
meetings.  This is very exciting and could take the industry by storm=20
(eventually).  Especially with Jeff=01,s comments with the analysts.  This=20
should be emphasized with the metals piece.  The concept is that here are 2=20
new areas where Enron is going to change the "old economy" businesses and=20
industries.  Clickpaper will have real time pricing which is different than=20
all the other 15 existing sites.  All of the others are charging 3% fees for=20
matching buyers and sellers in a bulletin board or auction type of=20
transactions. We will also have that functionality (and will charge 1% or $0=20
(we=01,ll update you later) but will also have an EOL type of real time pricing=20
component (this piece will be free).  This piece will not be ready for July=20
25th but will be announced publicly and in final development stages (should=20
be out by end of 3rd qtr.).  I believe that the link with Net Works with both=20
paper and metals is very important for providing a more complete picture than=20
just metals alone.  Also for your information, we are working on 2=20
acquisition deals that will be coming out soon, 1 is to buy a mill and could=20
be announced next week, which will also clarify and add to the story since we=20
will have access to physical pulp and paper.  Paper must be an important=20
piece of the presentation.  Greg Piper is the MD for Clickpaper and he can=20
answer any other questions and fill you in and answer more questions.  He can=20
be reached at ext. 36635.
Also, on the "Target Markets" page, I would reorder;  put Lumber underneath=20
pulp and paper and think about separating the others as potential markets. =20
That way we could actually check off the top 3 as "done" and the others are=20
in "incubation" and examination stages.=20
Please draft up your initial thoughts on these items and send me the latest=20
version and I=01,ll add additional commentary.  I will be in all next week.
Thanks,
mike
Bob and I are still playing phone tag, but he's calling.  Call being 
scheduled for Wednesday it appears.
m
Cathy would you please review daily for updates and make the changes on a 
running list.  I'll read for info only and you can update them.  After I read 
them and waiting 1 day, I'll delete from the system.
thanks,
mike
Ann Brown@_DEVELOPMENT
07/07/2000 08:28 AM
I am setting up a conference call to discuss SK-Enron market research and 
progress on potential alliance partners.  Please let me know your 
availability for either Tuesday, July 18, (afternoon) or Thursday, July 20, 
(morning).  Chris Hunt and Steve Jernigan will also join this call.
Thank you,
Ann
713-646-7939
D'Arcy Carroll@
07/07/2000 03:59 PM
nice initiative. Brazil contact for me:  011-55-11-5503-1261
Attached is the first draft of the eCommerce Commercial and Origination 
Activities Contact List.  This is being prepared for a wider distribution, 
therefore, please take a moment to review the list carefully and let me know 
if you have any changes to the list or if you would like to add any 
additional names to the list that you feel are appropriate.  The purpose of 
this document is to provide a consistent means for all areas of Enron to 
direct questions and inquiries related to specific eCommerce issues.
Thank you.
Mike McConnell
Thanks.
m
First, thanks for jumping in on this.  I am confident we can get it done even 
though it will be a fire drill.
We had a control or process matrix meeting today and it is all there, it was 
just being held or managed in four places.  It will all  be pulled together 
by Monday in one place (one complete document) and will have about 15 major 
categories with specific tasks under each category with status, person 
responsible, comments and date to be completed.  It will also have a complete 
timeline. We can review that Monday and agree on its content.  Louise agreed 
to review it as well.
As it relates to the people you mentioned, let me know how and/or who you 
want to pull in after we agree on the control document.  That way we will 
know which areas I have holes and how we can fill them.
Salley Beck called (she mentioned you had called her as well) and we agreed 
that the ClickPaper's back office representative would officially be Scott 
Earnest (he has been unofficially it for months and we have been working with 
him for months).  She is going to get in place people to be our Product 
Control Group for CP launch on July 24th.  Scott and Salley will work to 
source it so that we have 3 or 4 people trained and ready on the 24th to 
receive password applications, create customer profiles on ClickPaper and 
start the applications through credit, legal and tax and finally get out user 
IDs to clients.  We will leverage off the EOL process but not use their 
people unless there is some emergency.  Remember, we are only setting up 
people for paper so the process is somewhat simplified.
We also have a help desk person starting next week.  I don't have his name 
yet, but we have him and one more on the way.  We will create for them a 
brief manual and train them on the system as fast as we can.
I did have a good meeting with Louise and Dave.  We walked inch by inch 
through getting a user ID and password to getting a trade done.  We have a 
few holes, but it is not that far away.  She is going to think about a 
process document for this and get back to me Monday.  I have a detailed EOL 
one and we will give it our shot this weekend.
Let me know what Mark Palmer says.  He knows we have been using Margaret.  We 
will sit down with Margaret again on Monday and detail for her the PR plan 
and what she needs to do.  We still plan to go out with a fairly inclusive 
mailing ( a letter) that does not include temporary IDs/passwords.  We will 
tell them that the launch is coming and as special customers, we want to use 
this time to get them pre-registered.  Besides, there is no way to test a 
1000 temporary IDs anyway.  We will send those out later.  as I said earlier, 
the goal is to replace the splash screen with the unsecure area (or garden as 
Lousie would call it) by next for Friday or the following Monday. That way 
people can surf the content and get registered.
On legal, I have been using Travis McCullough for at least four months and we 
had a detailed discussion today about the contracts, what is needed and the 
deadline. There is legal work left to do ( the current draft of the password 
application doesn't work), but if Taylor can help, that would be great.  We 
will get our commercial comments back to Travis by Monday.
I have a meeting Monday with Bill Bradford and Ted Murphy (with Bob Crane and 
Hal as well) to discuss the issue of a manual interface and the control 
issues associated with it.  Credit is fine, we have been working with 
Bradford for months, but Murphy needs to understand the issues with manual 
posting. I will also make sure they check with Rick Buy on his approval and 
views.
The entire ENA Paper group has the link to our site and we will have all 
their comments by the end of next week. They will also be given the complete 
Net Works and ClickPaper story on Thursday at their offsite and are ready to 
help the roll out.  We also have them scheduled to come in Saturday, July 
22nd for the final testing of the system.
Remember, the 24th is a one (Enron)-to-many launch with a financial market 
only.  ClickPaper is not the counterparty in the trade section, Enron is so 
it is simply a new distribution channel for Enron's existing financial 
offering.  Later, we will build it out for physical (probably sooner rather 
than later).  Finally, I will incorporate the EOL link or transaction loop 
but Louise said today that is October or November.  It will only be 
many-to-many if someone comes in and makes a compelling case ($$$) to do so.
Thanks.
See you tomorrow.
GP
Greg,  a couple of other thoughts and ideas for Monday's meeting.
I would like to discuss the entire process chain as part of the timelines, 
personnel responsibilities and key action items.  I think this is another 
good way to find any potential gaps and help prioritize various items and 
assignments.
Andrew Parsons Sr. Director (and superior performer) is a great and very 
smart guy that can add a lot of value to the effort.  You will like him and 
he will be a very valuable resource to add to the team - even if it is for a 
couple of weeks.  He wrote the IT compliance process chain and could reverse 
engineer difficult parts that are unique to the Ariba platform.  He has 
others on his team that could help and I've asked him to think about his 
existing AA resources that are available (some are working on ClickPaper 
already).
Other resources that have been identified to potential added firepower in the 
short run:  Beth Pearlman, John Tollefson (IT), Bob Schultz (LK said she 
could spare him without delaying phase 2 roll out), Dave Forester (not a good 
option because it would definitely set back phase 2 roll out), Mary 
Solmenson, Scott Mills, Berry Pearce, David Port, David Sweeny, Sally Beck 
(advice and discuss additional resources).
I did ask Louise to jump in (and i know you did too) to help on some quick 
thoughts on process and lessons learned.
I saw the process maps for EOL and I think they, or the simplified early 
versions, are very important and key to a successful launch for ClickPaper.
I went by to see Mark Palmer (he was out) and left him a voice mail on the 
marketing effort and what Margarat Allen is doing.  I wanted him to make sure 
that he understood the importance and priority of this effort.
I also talked with Beth Pearlman about helping out (or assigning John 
Tollefson) and I told her that we would be talking about this on Monday 
afternoon.
Do we need to have Alan Aronowitz or Mark Taylor look over the agreements to 
add a trading perspective?
A few thoughts,  see you tomorrow.
mike
Monica,
This looks ok, but I can give you more accurate and more up to date slides 
for the future.  One important fact, we do not distibute the EOL slides to 
the general public.  Normally what we do is present the story but do not 
include hard copies with the conference hand outs.
mike
Greg, 
FYI.  I'll give you a full update on Monday afternoon via voicemail.  We are 
on our way.
m
Greg,  a couple of other thoughts and ideas for Monday's meeting.
I would like to discuss the entire process chain as part of the timelines, 
personnel responsibilities and key action items.  I think this is another 
good way to find any potential gaps and help prioritize various items and 
assignments.
Andrew Parsons Sr. Director (and superior performer) is a great and very 
smart guy that can add a lot of value to the effort.  You will like him and 
he will be a very valuable resource to add to the team - even if it is for a 
couple of weeks.  He wrote the IT compliance process chain and could reverse 
engineer difficult parts that are unique to the Ariba platform.  He has 
others on his team that could help and I've asked him to think about his 
existing AA resources that are available (some are working on ClickPaper 
already).
Other resources that have been identified to potential added firepower in the 
short run:  Beth Pearlman, John Tollefson (IT), Bob Schultz (LK said she 
could spare him without delaying phase 2 roll out), Dave Forester (not a good 
option because it would definitely set back phase 2 roll out), Mary 
Solmenson, Scott Mills, Berry Pearce, David Port, David Sweeny, Sally Beck 
(advice and discuss additional resources).
I did ask Louise to jump in (and i know you did too) to help on some quick 
thoughts on process and lessons learned.
I saw the process maps for EOL and I think they, or the simplified early 
versions, are very important and key to a successful launch for ClickPaper.
I went by to see Mark Palmer (he was out) and left him a voice mail on the 
marketing effort and what Margarat Allen is doing.  I wanted him to make sure 
that he understood the importance and priority of this effort.
I also talked with Beth Pearlman about helping out (or assigning John 
Tollefson) and I told her that we would be talking about this on Monday 
afternoon.
Do we need to have Alan Aronowitz or Mark Taylor look over the agreements to 
add a trading perspective?
A few thoughts,  see you tomorrow.
mike
Greg,  a couple of other thoughts and ideas for Monday's meeting.
I would like to discuss the entire process chain as part of the timelines, 
personnel responsibilities and key action items.  I think this is another 
good way to find any potential gaps and help prioritize various items and 
assignments.
Andrew Parsons Sr. Director (and superior performer) is a great and very 
smart guy that can add a lot of value to the effort.  You will like him and 
he will be a very valuable resource to add to the team - even if it is for a 
couple of weeks.  He wrote the IT compliance process chain and could reverse 
engineer difficult parts that are unique to the Ariba platform.  He has 
others on his team that could help and I've asked him to think about his 
existing AA resources that are available (some are working on ClickPaper 
already).
Other resources that have been identified to potential added firepower in the 
short run:  Beth Pearlman, John Tollefson (IT), Bob Schultz (LK said she 
could spare him without delaying phase 2 roll out), Dave Forester (not a good 
option because it would definitely set back phase 2 roll out), Mary 
Solmenson, Scott Mills, Berry Pearce, David Port, David Sweeny, Sally Beck 
(advice and discuss additional resources).
I did ask Louise to jump in (and i know you did too) to help on some quick 
thoughts on process and lessons learned.
I saw the process maps for EOL and I think they, or the simplified early 
versions, are very important and key to a successful launch for ClickPaper.
I went by to see Mark Palmer (he was out) and left him a voice mail on the 
marketing effort and what Margarat Allen is doing.  I wanted him to make sure 
that he understood the importance and priority of this effort.
I also talked with Beth Pearlman about helping out (or assigning John 
Tollefson) and I told her that we would be talking about this on Monday 
afternoon.
Do we need to have Alan Aronowitz or Mark Taylor look over the agreements to 
add a trading perspective?
A few thoughts,  see you tomorrow.
mike
Attached is the first draft of the eCommerce Commercial and Origination 
Activities Contact List.  This is being prepared for a wider distribution, 
therefore, please take a moment to review the list carefully and let me know 
if you have any changes to the list or if you would like to add any 
additional names to the list that you feel are appropriate.  The purpose of 
this document is to provide a consistent means for all areas of Enron to 
direct questions and inquiries related to specific eCommerce issues.
Thank you.
Mike McConnell
Ted,
Thanks for the email.  It looks like bad luck again for lunch.  I am out of 
town again.  Life is crazy right now.  Look for more on Enron and Enron Net 
Works in the near future.  We are busy.
Thanks and i hope all is well.
mike
thanks for the follow-up
mike
Don,
Thanks for the fax survey.  We couldn't read the numbers however.  Please 
mail a copy to our house when you get a chance 
Are there any issues from your point of view?  I would like to understand 
what the limitations are on the easements but it appears that everything is 
done.  Are we ready to close and how do we do this?
Thanks,
Mike
Paragraph 9 of Schedule B of the Commitment for Title Insurance reflects the
number and size of the easements.  However, the survey will show where they
are actually located.  As soon as we receive the survey, we will advise you
accordingly.
Very truly yours,
Donald S. Stirman
DSS/csb
Thanks, I'll keep my ears open.
mike
Please distribute the following message to Enron - Worldwide and please use 
the Office of the Chairman - Enron Net Works letterhead.  Mike McConnell has 
requested that this message be returned for final review and then sent to 
Enron - Worldwide this evening.  Please call me at X-36898 if you have any 
questions.  Thank you.  Cathy Phillips
Effective immediately, reporting responsibility for Global Strategic Sourcing 
(GSS) will move from Enron Net Works to Enron Corp.  George Wasaff, managing 
director, will report directly to Rick Causey, executive vice president and 
chief accounting officer for Enron.  GSS, formed February 1, 2000, will 
continue to focus on supply-chain management world-wide for Enron.   We 
believe this change in reporting will leverage and enhance GSS's global reach 
and effectiveness while allowing ENW to focus on its core mission of creating 
new electronic market places.
Rick, here is the proposed email on George.  Any comments?  I wanted to keep 
it short and sweet.  This will be sent out at close of business today (they 
like to send out massive emails after hours).
Pleaes let me know any issues or comments ASAP.
Thanks,
mike
draft
Effective immediately, reporting responsibility for Global Strategic Sourcing 
("GSS") will move from Enron Net Works to Enron Corp.  George Wasaff, 
managing director, will report directly to Rick Causey, executive vice 
president and chief accounting officer for Enron.  GSS, formed February 1, 
2000, will continue to focus on supply-chain management world-wide for 
Enron.   We believe this change in reporting will leverage and enhance GSS's 
global reach and effectiveness while allowing ENW to focus on its core 
mission of creating new electronic market places.
The information for Mike is correct.  He does not have a pager.  Please feel 
free to contact me if you have any questions.
Thanks.
Cathy Phillips
X-36898
Christie Connell@
07/05/2000 03:35 PM
I am updating Rick Causey's contact cards. Are these your correct #'s.
H. 281-895-6855
Cell 713-562-3555
Pager ?
Thank you for your response.
Christie Connell
George, below is my first cut at the brief announcement.  As we discussed it=20
may be combined with a Jay and Allan announcement but never the less it will=20
go out friday evening.
Please make recommendations and return as soon as possible for my review.
Thanks,
mike
George Wasaff, MD for Global Strategic Sourcing, will be moving direct=20
responsibility for his entire organization from Enron New Works to Rick=20
Causey=01,s organization.  This global  group has been very successful in=20
developing and executing its new business and we believe that this is the=20
best fit in the organization to complete its aggressive goals and=20
objectives.  George will report directly to Rick Causey.
I hope some of these help.  They are similar in nature but may have different 
pieces inlcuded in them.  I recommend flipping through them quickly and 
eliminate extras or ones that you don't need.
Call me if you need anything else.
mike
By the way, I still couldn't open this.
m
I think he is an excellent choice if he has time.  Will he have help?
m
Jenny,
I would suggest Keith D. what do you think?
P.
PB,
I just talked with Cindy Olsen about the project.  We need to assign someone 
in our group to be the technology lead.  I know we have people on it but we 
need to pick someone to be responsible and then  clarify that person's role Please get back to me with the selection.
Thanks,
mike
Thanks for your feedback. Here's an updated version based on the feedback I 
have so far Mary, Todd had a good point, we need to consider a broadband plug.  Thanks.
Attached you will find a draft of the internal communication related to the 
ENhome program.  Please review your respective areas and provide Mary Clark 
or myself any changes or comments by Friday June 30th end of business.   We 
expect this communication to go to employees no later than July 7th Thanks for your cooperation. 
Mary Clark@
06/29/2000 09:59 AM
Suzanne, I've attached the email with the changes we discussed at yesterday's 
meeting.  Let me know if you and your team have additional changes.  Thanks.
Mary
Thanks and have a great holiday.
m
I'm fine with it.
mike
By the way, good calls.
m
Pam,
I'm following up on a few old items.  Did you get what you needed here?  I 
was in Asia when I originally got this and didn't hear anything back on this.
Thanks,
mike 
Pam Benson@_DEVELOPMENT
06/13/2000 07:29 AM
Can you help me here?
Joseph W Sutton
06/12/2000 04:46 PM
Please follow up. Check this company out with Mike McConnell. Joe
Mr. Sutton:
?
My name is Matt Bray and I am President of  EnergyStorehouse.com, an online 
marketplace for surplus energy equipment.?  Our company was recently acquired 
by EnergyPrism.com, an energy internet portal  developing equipment 
transaction capabilities for various sectors of the energy  industry.? I will 
not be joining EnergyPrism.com due to the fact I am  pursuing other high tech 
opportunities but will have a seat on their Board of  Directors.? We are 
currently in the process of securing one additional  member for the Board 
that possesses extensive experience in the international  energy sector 
and?thought this might be of interest to you.? If you  are interested in 
discussing in more detail, you can email me at this address or  call me at 
(713) 590-5020.? If you are interested I would gladly send you a  copy of the 
company's business plan and I encourage you to go to the  EnergyPrism.com 
website.? I look forward to hearing from you  soon.
?
Matt  Bray
Allan,
Please call Fred and discuss.
Thanks,
mike
Fred L Kelly@_DEVELOPMENT
06/29/2000 11:39 AM
Who would you recommend as a contact from Enron?
Dale Baker  Dear Mr. Izzo:
I'd like to offer EECC a free "Storefront" on my VerticalNet Web-site Power
On-Line.
A Storefront is a Company Showcase where EECC can reach the 100K+ visitors
that come to Power On-Line to read content, search for products and company
information and conduct eCommerce over the Internet.
Power On-Line is a VerticalNet Community that is dedicated to Power
Generation Professionals in the Power Industry worldwide.
Microsoft has teamed with VerticalNet and will be paying for this service
for one year.  It is free, with no commitments or strings attached.
Please forward to me a contact and telephone number of the person I should
further discuss this with at EECC.  Also, if you could forward the same
information on a contact at ENRON Corporate, I would like to offer the same
opportunity.
Thank you, for your time.
DALE G. BAKER
VerticalNet, Inc.
Nat'l Sales Manager
Power On-Line
(215) 219-9706
PB,
I just talked with Cindy Olsen about the project.  We need to assign someone 
in our group to be the technology lead.  I know we have people on it but we 
need to pick someone to be responsible and then  clarify that person's role Please get back to me with the selection.
Thanks,
mike
Thanks for your feedback. Here's an updated version based on the feedback I 
have so far Mary, Todd had a good point, we need to consider a broadband plug.  Thanks.
Attached you will find a draft of the internal communication related to the 
ENhome program.  Please review your respective areas and provide Mary Clark 
or myself any changes or comments by Friday June 30th end of business.   We 
expect this communication to go to employees no later than July 7th Thanks for your cooperation. 
Mary Clark@
06/29/2000 09:59 AM
Suzanne, I've attached the email with the changes we discussed at yesterday's 
meeting.  Let me know if you and your team have additional changes.  Thanks.
Mary
John,
Howdy from Houston.  I received a call from a guy named Steve Scott who is 
involved with several ventures including a German VC  called eStreet.  Are 
you aware of these guys?  They want to talk to someone about e-opportunties 
in Europe especially Spain.  I will ask  him to call you once I talk with him 
but I don't have your number in London.  Two questions, what is your  phone 
number in London (the phone book has you in Germany) and do you know these 
guys?
Thanks,
Mike
The purpose of this email is to highlight a few points and action items that=20
were emphasized during my recent trips to South America, Japan and Korea. =20
Overall the trips were definitely worth the effort and each business unit now=20
truly gets the ENW story and what we are attempting to accomplish.  The=20
efforts over the past 8 months are really beginning to pay dividends.  This=20
is not meant to be a complete laundry list of all the important issues and=20
discussed topics but rather a briefing of a few top priorities and items for=20
each group.
Enron South America
? I met with the entire management team as a group in Rio at an ESA board=20
meeting and most of the key individuals separately.
? Sugar, coffee and orange juice were new commodities that were brought up by=20
numerous groups as consideration for new ENW efforts due to their desirable=20
market characteristics.
? Pulp and Paper additional activity has already begun and is currently being=20
worked with Greg Piper.  I believe that this is the best and short-term=20
opportunity out there.
? Metals and mining is big in South America.  This was also brought up=20
frequently and I told D'Arcy Carroll that we would get back to them upon=20
further closure of MG and that this could move quickly up the food chain but=20
not to focus as top priority yet.
? D=01,Arcy (former Cargill trader) has strong connections at Cargill and=20
believes that we can go in, compete and capture their markets.  He also has=20
several candidates and resumes which have been sent to Robert Jones for=20
consideration for trading positions for our new agriculture trading=20
activities.  Greg, I will forward to you also, I don't believe I sent them to=20
you.
? D=01,Arcy and Steve Nagy are putting together more of a business plan for the=20
rest of 2000 with regard to commercial opportunities.  I have been pleased to=20
date with Steve and his initial functions as a =01&technology origination=018 role=20
but it is time to put some tangible goals and results on the table.
? Dan Bruce (VP international infrastructure) is going to focus more time on=20
ESA.  Philippe and I are in the process of finalizing Regional VPs and=20
focusing Dan to this region (this is not finalized yet).  They need serious=20
help in their trading systems and more senior support overall.  Will wait=20
until decision made on Project California.
Enron Japan
Joe is building an impressive team and he has a thorough and well thought out=20
business plan.  Japan has the opportunity to be really big (another Enron=20
Europe?) and we have an excellent opportunity to get it right from the start=20
and drive this market.  He is in a unique position to develop a huge business=20
and drive it with technology without having the burden of a large legacy=20
problem.  I think they look more like an Enron Net Works type of business=20
than most the other business units.  Enron Japan needs to use the internet to=20
educate and drive this new business to achieve the penetration it needs=20
without an incumbent position.  The competition and market characteristics=20
fit very well with our statements about ENW in our general presentations. =20
? Anthony Dayeo has just joined the team.  Between ENW providing a VP of=20
Anthony's caliber and our other time commitments, we are really helping this=20
business.
? Initial technology focus will be internet and website driven.  Coordinating=20
with Steve Kean to take a fresh approach to knocking down regulatory barriers
? John Sherriff is managing this business from a commodity point of view and=20
I think our groups working together will make this a high return future=20
business
? Human capital is a key constraint issue and we went through priorities and=20
prioritized for greater effectiveness.
? The group is thinking about using technology, the internet and eCommerce=20
every day.=20
Enron Korea/ SK Enron
The activities and business plans were much better than I had expected.  I=20
asked them to go through and discuss their eBusiness plan and it was quite=20
thorough.
? They have completed initial evaluation of  EOL applications for the region=20
(hard copy attached)
? K-Weather is already introducing weather derivatives in Korea (best=20
short-term oppt.)
? Definite metals opportunity here (MG office exists); I didn't visit the MG=20
office.=20
? SK-Enron has several assets that can be leveraged into an internet play=20
with very little expense.
? Our technology efforts are paying dividends (Inja Chug =01) Sr. Director was=20
dedicated here a few months ago).  Her impact is significant and will greatly=20
assist in IPO=20
? eCommerce (ENW) will be an enormous impact in increasing the value of=20
SK-Enron when they IPO next year.  The internet and eCommerce/technology=20
changes should be able to significantly increase their multiple and provide=20
Enron with a profitable exit option.  First mover advantage here, definitely=20
has a winner-take-all oppt. =20
? SK-Enron will be the first utility in Korea to offer customers on-line=20
billing and payment and other related services (under development and looking=20
for package solution).=20
? SK currently has 1.8 million customers that are not being tapped at all. =20
Interesting oppt. with alliance partners (AOL). =20
? The SK-Enron changes and opportunities that are underway are a great=20
example of Enron=01,s (ENW) ability to change from an old to new economy=20
business.  A second round eBusiness plan is coming and we can evaluate as a=20
group
? Excellent executive meeting and dinner with Tony Chey (Owner and Chairman=20
of SK - SK is a $20 billion company and Tony is the 4th richest and most=20
powerful person in Korea)  I went through EnronOnline and our thoughts on the=20
future of the internet.  This was very helpful with future events with SK.
We are definitely setting up a network of eBusiness opportunities within=20
Enron.
Jeff, the commercial opportunities and accountabilities that have begun via=20
the creation of the technology origination activities is really just=20
beginning to gain momentum.  I am currently driving them via my direct=20
involvement via videoconferences.  Allan Summor and I are in the process of=20
solidifying a process for driving, evaluating and monitoring all of the other=20
business units more commercial technology activities.  When we get this to=20
the next step lets discuss and we can get both of us on the same page as to=20
the best way to coordinate all these efforts.=20
Please don't hestitate to call me if you want to discuss anything in more=20
detail.
Mike McConnell plans to attend the meeting at 11:30 a.m. on Tuesday, July 
25th.  Thank you.
Cathy Phillips for
Mike McConnell
Kenneth Lay@ on 06/20/2000 04:23:31 PM
Sent by: Rosalee Fleming@
On Tuesday, July 25, I am meeting with Molecular Electronics Corp. (MEC) to 
discuss the opportunity for establishing this newly formed company in 
Houston.  For those of you that are not familiar with MEC, they are 
considered one of the premier companies in the area of molecular computing MEC has approached Enron to discuss a possible alliance that would facilitate 
their development and, in particular, location in the Houston area.  MEC 
represents the frontier of computing technology.
I would like to invite you to participate in a working lunch discussion of 
the opportunities and obstacles facing a company that is seeking to change an 
industry.  I would appreciate it if you could join us on July 25  from 11:30 
to 1:30 in EB49C1 for this informal roundtable with the CEO of MEC, Harvey 
Plotnick and one of the founders, Jim Tour.
Will you please let Vanessa Groscrand know if you can attend at 713-853-1769 
or please reply by e-mail to me.
Ken Lay
Mike,
I am totally booked today and am physically out of our office most of the 
day.  Cathy has attempted to coordinate and has set him up to talk with a 
couple of other senior people in New Works and technology.  She will know if 
my schedules changes and I become available.
Sorry it couldn't work out.
mike
There is a gentleman in Houston today and tomorrow that I would like you to 
talk to. He has responsibility for one of the online trading systems in 
Argentina that we are looking at and we are in the process of hiring him. He 
is the architect of Argentina's energy sector and the past Sec of Energy. I 
think you will find him quite interesting. His name is Carlos Bastos. The 
system is Nododero. The one Don spoke of.
Would you be available tomorrow some time? You could also be a representative 
of the executive committee in the hiring process 
MFG
Any update?  How did the interview go?
m
Wade,
I had a good discussion with Hemant.  I am in full support of his position as 
a VP at Enron.
Mike
Philippe,
I don't really understand this guys question.   I need to respond to him with 
something because I know his dad very well via JDF.  Ross Cooley was Rod 
Canions #2 guy at compaq for years.  Can you send me to the right person?
Thanks,
Mike
Scott Cooley  Michael,
Hello. I'm amazed we have not met through JDF -- my family has been very
involved for many years and my father, Ross Cooley  has gone on to do more
work for the International JDF group. Anyway, I'm asking for your
assistance. Can you please steer me to the individual(s) heading up
Continental's internet partner development for the different Enron
Companies?
My company, Bowstreet.com (  provides an XML
infrastructure technology that solves the challenge of "embedding"
organization business processes inside partners sites -- allowing rapidly
integration as well as scaling of these relationships. Again, your guidance
is most appreciated..
,
Now you know we don't have the room!
mike
Thanks for your help.  We got in and its working fine.
mike
Travis Williams@
06/16/2000 12:22 AM
Mr. McConnell,
I received a call tonight from Elliott Katz in our Sydney office regarding 
the problems that you were having with connectivity. I spoke to the 
technician in Tokyo and we were able to get everything working.
I tested your account via IPass to the Tokyo number  (011813) 3525 3000 and 
through the VPN client - both worked fine. Nobu and I stepped through making 
sure your system was connecting properly and that Notes was operational.
Neither of us had your password so I changed it to change12me. I will handle 
getting the password reset to whatever you would like if you would like to 
email or call me with it. The only catch is that it must be unique.
You can reach me on my cell phone anytime. The number is 713.539.3814.
Thank you and I hope you have a good visit and a safe trip home!
Travis Williams
Joe,
Thanks for the response.  As you heard from Cathy, I got a stomach virus and 
all 4 of us in the family spent Saturday night throwing up.  I am writing 
this from my bed and I am improving.  I should be able to get on the plane 
tomorrow and am about to eat lunch (1st meal since Sat. but I think it will 
be fine).  I'm definitely in recovery mode.
I am having everything messengered out to my house later this afternoon but 
am concerned about contacts and getting to the hotel.  I know you have said 
that it is easy to take the train and the bus but I am concerned about it, 
especially if i am still a little under the weather.  I still don't want to 
have a car, but would you please set up someone on your staff to meet me at 
the gate and escort me through the process.  Sorry if it is a pain but I 
think I might need it and it will make me feel much more comfortable on the 
flight over knowing that I will have assistance.
Thanks for your help and I'll see you soon.
Mike McConnell 
Joseph P Hirl@_DEVELOPMENT
06/11/2000 09:35 PM
Mike,
Also looking forward to seeing you.  See comments to your questions below:
Joe
Mike McConnell@ECT
06/12/2000 06:48 AM
Joe, 
Thanks for the email.    I am looking forward to the trip and learning more 
about what you are doing thus how we can help.  If we would have had any idea 
that Europe could have been as big as it has become, we would have done some 
things differently and we can get a head start with Japan.  This would be 
most helpful.  We are clearly trying to avoid the traps that we ran into in 
Europe and in the US.  Faster, quicker, smarter.  Thursday sounds great and 
just let me know about Friday.  Is Anthony in japan during the trip?  Anthony 
was here last week and will be back the week after you arrive.  Remember,  I 
am not a technologist and therefore can't discuss technology specific 
applications just the business concepts and potential ideas and 
opportunities.  We clearly want your business insight wrt the setup and focus 
of the business.  I will send you a presentation that we recently gave to 
Sherriff.  It is mostly up to date although continually changing.  This will 
help give you a feeling for what the landscape looks like.  On Wed, however, 
I would like to take you through our web presentation and how this fits into 
our overall strategy.
A couple of other questions about the trip.  Do you want me to make any 
presentations while i am there or simply talk about our plans?  I don't think 
presentations are necessary unless you would feel more comfortable or have 
something particularly appropriate.  The discussion with EPower/EJ on 
Thursday afternoon would be good if you could speak about Net Works and what 
Enron is doing across the focus areas.  On Friday, I believe that in the 
proposed meeting with Softbank a presentation is not necessary.  For the 
ACCJ, if you had a couple of slides on Enron and our e-comm initiatives this 
would be great.  We could put this together here if you would like as I have 
a couple of your recent presentations.  Let me know.  Also, what is the 
appropriate dress code.  The Japanese still dress up.  I'm afraid suits are 
de rigour.  I am assuming suits but i didn't want to make any assumptions 
about new cultures.  Do you have any cultural facts that you can fax me about 
the do's and don'ts of both cultures?  We could try and find something, but I 
think you will find that the Japanese are trying to become more western Despite what you have heard, this place is not as foreign as rumored.  Do I 
have clear instruction how to take the train from the airport.  All of us get 
back and forth on the train and the bus.  We can get you a driver, but you 
won't get here any faster and is quite expensive (US$500 one way).  I 
normally get a driver, I am uncomfortable in new countries that I can't speak 
any of the language.  If there is a way to get lost, I'll find a way.
One more item, could you please have your assistant set up a message for me 
at the hotel.  I am usually very stiff and sore after a long trip and it 
really helps.  Make sure it gives me a enough time to arrive to the hotel 
after the trip.  I would also prefer a female if that is acceptable to the 
Japanese culture.  Ono will set something set up here.  The hotel has its own 
massage service that can be accessed at almost all hours.
Thanks,
Mike
Joseph P Hirl@_DEVELOPMENT
06/07/2000 07:25 PM
Mike,
We are looking to accomplish a number of things while you are here over 
Thursday and Friday.  Thursday's schedule is fairly set, and we are working 
on Friday.  Thursday morning through to the afternoon we would present to you 
the current state of the business and the initiatives/proposition/etc for 
enron.co.jp.  This would take us through mid afternoon.  We would then go 
over to EPower and we would ask you to give a talk on the state of technology 
at Enron and the initiatives within Net Works.  We would bring EJ over to 
EPower for your talk.  Afterwards we would have drinks with the main 
commercial team at EPower and EJ.  Dinner to be arranged for a smaller 
group.  On Friday, we would like to use the time to set up some meetings with 
key IT/tech companies here in Japan.  To date, we have not yet met any of 
these companies, but there is currently an extraordinary amount of activity 
in the country.  We are looking to leverage some of Enron's banking 
relationships to get as high a level meeting as possible with the likes of 
Softbank.  We are also asking for other suggestions from the banks.  We are 
also considering a potential talk with the American Chamber of Commerce on 
Enron and Enron Technology.  The ACCJ is one of the most active and largest 
chambers in the world and bring in some quite interesting speakers.  We will 
have more on this.
For the weekend we have recd some suggestions from the Hotel and will pass 
these along to you shortly.
I will be travelling with you on Sunday on the trip to Seoul.
Joe
Joe, 
I am looking forward to the upcoming trip 
Everything is all set for Korea but what do you suggest as an agenda for my 
two days in Tokyo?  Also are there some presentations or items that i could 
review before I arrive that you believe might be helpful?  I will also be 
there over a weekend, I would like to do some site seeing on Sat and Sunday 
(my flight to Korea leaves on Sunday late afternoon).  I would appreciate 
some suggestions and I will need a guide, could you have someone arrange it 
for me?
Thanks, and Cathy will co-ordinate everything.
Mike
I'll let you know later.  thanks,
m
Julie, looks great.  Please make sure the video is also in there.  I'm doing 
better but very week.  Ready to try food.  If I am at all better i will get 
on the plane tomorow.  Yolanda is going to messanger a bunch of stuff to my 
house later, just make sure she gets the CD.
Thanks,
m
Joe, 
Thanks for the email.    I am looking forward to the trip and learning more 
about what you are doing thus how we can help.  If we would have had any idea 
that Europe could have been as big as it has become, we would have done some 
things differently and we can get a head start with Japan.  Thursday sounds 
great and just let me know about Friday.  Is Anthony in japan during the 
trip?  Remember,  I am not a technologist and therefore can't discuss 
technology specific applications just the business concepts and potential 
ideas and opportunities.
A couple of other questions about the trip.  Do you want me to make any 
presentations while i am there or simply talk about our plans?  Also, what is 
the appropriate dress code.  I am assuming suits but i didn't want to make 
any assumptions about new cultures.  Do you have any cultural facts that you 
can fax me about the do's and don'ts of both cultures?  Do I have clear 
instruction how to take the train from the airport.  I normally get a driver, 
I am uncomfortable in new countries that I can't speak any of the language If there is a way to get lost, I'll find a way.
One more item, could you please have your assistant set up a message for me 
at the hotel.  I am usually very stiff and sore after a long trip and it 
really helps.  Make sure it gives me a enough time to arrive to the hotel 
after the trip.  I would also prefer a female if that is acceptable to the 
Japanese culture.
Thanks,
Mike
Joseph P Hirl@_DEVELOPMENT
06/07/2000 07:25 PM
Mike,
We are looking to accomplish a number of things while you are here over 
Thursday and Friday.  Thursday's schedule is fairly set, and we are working 
on Friday.  Thursday morning through to the afternoon we would present to you 
the current state of the business and the initiatives/proposition/etc for 
enron.co.jp.  This would take us through mid afternoon.  We would then go 
over to EPower and we would ask you to give a talk on the state of technology 
at Enron and the initiatives within Net Works.  We would bring EJ over to 
EPower for your talk.  Afterwards we would have drinks with the main 
commercial team at EPower and EJ.  Dinner to be arranged for a smaller 
group.  On Friday, we would like to use the time to set up some meetings with 
key IT/tech companies here in Japan.  To date, we have not yet met any of 
these companies, but there is currently an extraordinary amount of activity 
in the country.  We are looking to leverage some of Enron's banking 
relationships to get as high a level meeting as possible with the likes of 
Softbank.  We are also asking for other suggestions from the banks.  We are 
also considering a potential talk with the American Chamber of Commerce on 
Enron and Enron Technology.  The ACCJ is one of the most active and largest 
chambers in the world and bring in some quite interesting speakers.  We will 
have more on this.
For the weekend we have recd some suggestions from the Hotel and will pass 
these along to you shortly.
I will be travelling with you on Sunday on the trip to Seoul.
Joe
Joe, 
I am looking forward to the upcoming trip 
Everything is all set for Korea but what do you suggest as an agenda for my 
two days in Tokyo?  Also are there some presentations or items that i could 
review before I arrive that you believe might be helpful?  I will also be 
there over a weekend, I would like to do some site seeing on Sat and Sunday 
(my flight to Korea leaves on Sunday late afternoon).  I would appreciate 
some suggestions and I will need a guide, could you have someone arrange it 
for me?
Thanks, and Cathy will co-ordinate everything.
Mike
Julie, thanks for the update.  Please add one more change i noticed.  Please 
add Managing Director & CTO to Philippe on the org. chart.  Also send next 
draft and final to Jeff McMahon and Greg Whalley.
thanks,
m
Jkf1029@cs.com on 06/11/2000 10:29:25 AM
Please see attached and ignore the last copy that I sent.
Thank you.
- ENW-All Employee Meeting-0609.ppt
PB,
Attached is a resume for a guy I know via technology and a very old parental 
friendship.  He is a very aggressive guy and marketer type.  He has the 
personality to be an originator or mid-marketer.  I figured you might need 
someone like this around for Paveto,  Bruce's or in EOL group.   He would 
pound the phones and make things happen.
Follow up if you want to talk with him.
Thanks,
m
Hello Mike,
It has been a while since my last communication with you. I hope all is well.
I want you to know that I greatly appreciated you helping me get in touch 
with Ken Rice and all of the other folks at EBS last year. We made great 
strides and came very close to doing a deal between our organizations. 
However, Comdisco recently has come under some financial duress and is most 
likely going to be sold off in pieces.
I have been talking with some of the folks within EBS about the possibility 
of an origination position with their group. However, I am of the opinion 
that EBS is slightly ahead of the market, and therefore the timing may not be 
right for me to consider an origination position with EBS.
With that being said, I would be very interested in exploring what 
opportunities might exist within your Global Markets group from an 
origination standpoint. As you know, I am professionally aggressive, mentally 
tough and fearless of contacting potential clients. I have solid experience 
in professional selling, possess excellent communication and entrepreneurial 
skills.
Mike please consider the attached resume below. I would welcome the 
opportunity to meet with you or the appropriate person within your 
organization at any time.
Thanks again, and I hope to hear from you.
Richard Dukes
Richard T. Dukes
Account Sales Manager
Comdisco, Inc.
713 479-1808
rtdukes@comdisco.com
- RTDComdisoRESUME.doc.rtf
- Richard Dukes.vcf
I look forward to it.
m
Richard, Right now I'm scheduled to be out of the country.  When you come in, 
call Cathy (3-6898) and see if it will work.
Mike
Richard Harper
06/08/2000 04:47 AM
Mike I will be in Houston the week of the 19th any chance of meeting up?
Richard
Philippe,
I did talk to Skilling about this.  I must have forgotten to call you.  Jeff 
really does want it around, you were correct.  Is there a compromise solution 
here?  Maybe a smaller room with a control center vs an entire floor?  Think 
about items like that and lets discuss.  At this point in time, lets not 
assume we have the option to move it from the new building, at least not all 
of it.  One key consideration is the cost savings by moving it to Ardmore How much will it really save?  Those numbers a long with all the other points 
might bring clarity to what we should do.
Thanks,
Mike
Mike,
Jenny and I have been thinking about the new building, I want to minimise the 
amount of space dedicated to a data center Skilling is (from what
Bill Donovan says) keen to have a state of the art data center that he can 
take visitors to. I think that given our notorious inability to plan for 
space 
at this company (We are out of space in London already 18months ahead of 
schedule), I would like to convince Jeff not to have a large DC in 
the new building and add to Ardmore which would on a per square foot basis be 
significantly cheaper we would have the added benefit  of having
an extra floor available in the new building!
I think this is the best thing to do for Enron.
Let me know what you think
Philippe
John, 
FYI 
Mike
Mary Nell and Peter,
I certainly agree.  I don't know if Jeff has called Mulva but that is the 
right action before we do anything else.  John will hear the result of that 
conversation as soon as it happens.
Thanks and good luck.
Mike
Mike
Peter Crilly
06/08/2000 01:27 PM
Yes - let's wait til John gets back on Monday.
Thanks
P
Mary Nell Browning
08/06/2000 17:17
Who would have thought we would ever see the day that the J-Block contract 
was making so much money that the J-Block parties would intentionally default 
under it?  I guess we were just too good at our jobs...  My quick look at the 
amended contract tells me that our best contractual avenue is to analyze the 
possibility of wilful default under the contract, in which case the cap on 
damages would not apply.  Peter, as you and I discussed, the Bacton option 
may help our analysis on this.  I definitely would want to get outside 
counsel advice on the point, and in any event I agree that going to Mulva is 
the right approach to begin with.  Peter, let me know what you want me to do 
next, i.e., should we let the upper management contact run its course before 
I go for outside advice?  I expect so, but please let me know.  Ciao.
Mike McConnell
07/06/2000 14:57
John,
Hello from South America.  I just got your email and I certainly concur with 
Jeff making the call.  He has maintained a good relationship with Mulva. This 
was a risk that we had but we did have assurances from Phillips regarding 
performance.  I don't know how much it will help however.  Richard Harper and 
Mary Nell Browning may have some ideas here but I am sure you've already gone 
through it with them.  I am amazed how the details get fuzzy on an old 
project.  When you discussed it, i was trying to think back to our remedies 
and discussions but the 3 years have made it difficult.
I don't know if there is anything I can do but I'm always willing to help.
Good luck,
Mike
John Sherriff
06/06/2000 12:09 PM
I mentioned on our conference call on Monday that J-Block has had problems 
meeting our nominations from the Judy/Joanne/Janice reservoirs.
Up until recent CATS maintenance shutdown on 15 May, they were making up for 
reduced production volumes by nominating to supply gas at the NBP which they 
are entitled but not obliged to do.  Since return from outage at the end of 
May they have declined to nominate at the NBP 
From 1 January to 15 May, the Sellers use of the NBP delivery option kept 
underdeliveries to 350 mmcf (ie one day's maximum quantity) in total.  Since 
returning from the maintenance shutdown, underdeliveries have totalled 850 
mmcf ( averaging 77mcf/d 
We believe that following the sharp rise in market prices during the 
maintenance period, they have decided to default on the contract rather than 
make up deliveries from other sources.   They have an effective cap on the 
penalties of about 5 pence per therm (after taking into account the value of 
the liquids) and therefore they are not making up the volumes when the daily 
price is substantially higher than about 16 pence per therm.
Prior to the CATS shutdown, we had made them a proposal to enable them to 
deliver additional volumes at  another alternative to avoid default but they 
have not responded yet.
You mentioned that in your negotiations with Phillips they had committed to 
getting us all the gas regardless of the cap on the penalties.  This has cost 
us about $1.5 million to date and they seem to be institutionalising their 
non performance.    Perhaps a phone call by you might help 
By the way I will be in Houston on Thursday and Friday to meet with the 
delegation from Croatia and I will probably be tied up the entire time but if 
you need me
for a phone call I can break away.
John
Mary Nell and Peter,
I certainly agree.  I don't know if Jeff has called Mulva but that is the 
right action before we do anything else.  John will hear the result of that 
conversation as soon as it happens.
Thanks and good luck.
Mike
Mike
Peter Crilly
06/08/2000 01:27 PM
Yes - let's wait til John gets back on Monday.
Thanks
P
Mary Nell Browning
08/06/2000 17:17
Who would have thought we would ever see the day that the J-Block contract 
was making so much money that the J-Block parties would intentionally default 
under it?  I guess we were just too good at our jobs...  My quick look at the 
amended contract tells me that our best contractual avenue is to analyze the 
possibility of wilful default under the contract, in which case the cap on 
damages would not apply.  Peter, as you and I discussed, the Bacton option 
may help our analysis on this.  I definitely would want to get outside 
counsel advice on the point, and in any event I agree that going to Mulva is 
the right approach to begin with.  Peter, let me know what you want me to do 
next, i.e., should we let the upper management contact run its course before 
I go for outside advice?  I expect so, but please let me know.  Ciao.
Mike McConnell
07/06/2000 14:57
John,
Hello from South America.  I just got your email and I certainly concur with 
Jeff making the call.  He has maintained a good relationship with Mulva. This 
was a risk that we had but we did have assurances from Phillips regarding 
performance.  I don't know how much it will help however.  Richard Harper and 
Mary Nell Browning may have some ideas here but I am sure you've already gone 
through it with them.  I am amazed how the details get fuzzy on an old 
project.  When you discussed it, i was trying to think back to our remedies 
and discussions but the 3 years have made it difficult.
I don't know if there is anything I can do but I'm always willing to help.
Good luck,
Mike
John Sherriff
06/06/2000 12:09 PM
I mentioned on our conference call on Monday that J-Block has had problems 
meeting our nominations from the Judy/Joanne/Janice reservoirs.
Up until recent CATS maintenance shutdown on 15 May, they were making up for 
reduced production volumes by nominating to supply gas at the NBP which they 
are entitled but not obliged to do.  Since return from outage at the end of 
May they have declined to nominate at the NBP 
From 1 January to 15 May, the Sellers use of the NBP delivery option kept 
underdeliveries to 350 mmcf (ie one day's maximum quantity) in total.  Since 
returning from the maintenance shutdown, underdeliveries have totalled 850 
mmcf ( averaging 77mcf/d 
We believe that following the sharp rise in market prices during the 
maintenance period, they have decided to default on the contract rather than 
make up deliveries from other sources.   They have an effective cap on the 
penalties of about 5 pence per therm (after taking into account the value of 
the liquids) and therefore they are not making up the volumes when the daily 
price is substantially higher than about 16 pence per therm.
Prior to the CATS shutdown, we had made them a proposal to enable them to 
deliver additional volumes at  another alternative to avoid default but they 
have not responded yet.
You mentioned that in your negotiations with Phillips they had committed to 
getting us all the gas regardless of the cap on the penalties.  This has cost 
us about $1.5 million to date and they seem to be institutionalising their 
non performance.    Perhaps a phone call by you might help 
By the way I will be in Houston on Thursday and Friday to meet with the 
delegation from Croatia and I will probably be tied up the entire time but if 
you need me
for a phone call I can break away.
John
Cp, please set up 15 minutes some time in July.  thanks, mike
Mr. McConnell,
I am an Energy Management major at OU who is interning here at Enron.  My 
work experience so far has been excellent, and nothing less than what I had 
hoped for.  I have had the opportunity to hear you speak a few times in 
Norman and have been very impressed.  I have been impressed by the things you 
said about this company and its ideals, programs and its commitment to 
excellence - all of which I have seen since I started work.  The most 
impressive thing to me, however, were the things you said about positive 
thinking, goal setting, and the power of the subconscious mind in your talk 
with the J.C. Penney Leadership Program.  These are beliefs which I have been 
raised on by my father, and really believe to be true.  It was very 
inspirational to hear that type of message from someone else for whom it has 
obviously worked.  As I have started my internship here, I am implementing 
this psychology into my life and work ethic, and thought you would might have 
some helpful advice.  I know you are an extremely busy man, but I decided to 
send you an email and ask if you ever had a few free minutes in which I could 
speak with you about how this way of thinking has positively impacted your 
career.  If you ever have a few minutes of free time this summer, I would 
really appreciate the opportunity to speak with you.
Thank you for your time
Blake Lasuzzo
Blake,
Thanks for the email.  I will work on it.  I am out for the next several 
weeks, S America (today), Korea and Japan in the next 2 weeks.  If I don't 
follow-up after that, please email me again.
Thanks for the kind words.
mike
Mr. McConnell,
I am an Energy Management major at OU who is interning here at Enron.  My 
work experience so far has been excellent, and nothing less than what I had 
hoped for.  I have had the opportunity to hear you speak a few times in 
Norman and have been very impressed.  I have been impressed by the things you 
said about this company and its ideals, programs and its commitment to 
excellence - all of which I have seen since I started work.  The most 
impressive thing to me, however, were the things you said about positive 
thinking, goal setting, and the power of the subconscious mind in your talk 
with the J.C. Penney Leadership Program.  These are beliefs which I have been 
raised on by my father, and really believe to be true.  It was very 
inspirational to hear that type of message from someone else for whom it has 
obviously worked.  As I have started my internship here, I am implementing 
this psychology into my life and work ethic, and thought you would might have 
some helpful advice.  I know you are an extremely busy man, but I decided to 
send you an email and ask if you ever had a few free minutes in which I could 
speak with you about how this way of thinking has positively impacted your 
career.  If you ever have a few minutes of free time this summer, I would 
really appreciate the opportunity to speak with you.
Thank you for your time
Blake Lasuzzo
Bob,
Hello from S America.  I would recommend 2 people.  Both are obvious but 
Louise Kitchen should do EOL and Ken Rice is the best candidate for EBS.  If 
they aren't available they can pick an appropriate person.
Mike
Mike,
Who should we contact about getting Enron Broadband and Enron Online active
with Interactive Texas (see www.interactivetexas.com)?  With such a broad
cross-section of the state's senior leaders participating, including
Skilling, Interactive Texas is going to be a major event.  We need to make
certain Enron gets early access to exhibit or sponsorship opportunities.
~Bob
PB, what do you think?
m
I never received and answer from you to the e-mail below.
Can you please tell me who is replacing Alberto Gude for COMIT, so I can
forward information about the meeting on July 18.
Thanks!!
Al
Enron is a member of the Center on the Management of Information Technology
(COMIT) in the Jones Graduate School of Management at Rice University.
Alberto Gude was the Enron representative for COMIT. Alberto indicated that
I should contact you concerning COMIT activities.
On July 18 from 9:30 until about noon, we will have the COMIT planning
meeting to determine activities for the next academic year. Please place
this date on your calendar. I'll be sending additional information at a
later date.
If you are not able to attend the meeting, I will appreciate you sending a
representative.
In the future, is there one individual I should contact rather than the two
of you?
I look forward to working with you.
Al
H. Albert Napier, Ph.D.
Professor of Management and Psychology
Director, Center on the Management of Information Technology
Jesse H. Jones Graduate School of Management -- MS 531
Rice University
6100 Main Street
Houston, TX 77005-1892
Mailing address:
P.O. box 1892
Houston, TX 77251-1892
Telephone: 713-348-5389
Fax: 713-348-5251
Web site 
CP,
Please fill in my meetings on my calendar as we normally do.
thanks,
m
Here's the rest of the afternoon.
Steve
Renata Teke
07/06/2000 12:28
We rearrange the meeting with Brett Wiggs, D'Arcy Carroll and Steve Nagy to=20
5p.m.=20
I'll provide a company driver to Mr. McConnell to the airport at 7:30p.m.
MCCONNELL/MIKE
=20
Wednesday, June 7th=20
TIME=09EVENT=09WITH=09DETAILS
09:00=09Formal presentation (w/ snacks)=09? All employees =09Conf. Room 6C3
12:00=09Lunch=09? CEO and COO of  Ideiasnet=09At Parigi Restaurant (with D=01,Arcy=20
Carroll and Steve Nagy)
15:00=09Meeting=09? Don Black (VP =01) Direct Sales ),=20
=09=09? D=01,Arcy Carroll
=09=09? Steve Nagy=09Conf. Room 6C1
16:00=09Meeting=09? Remi Collonges (VP - Risk Management),
=09=09? Steve Nagy =09Conf. Room 6C1
17:00=09Meeting=09? Brett Wiggs(VP =01) Wholesales),
=09=09? D=01,Arcy Carroll
=09=09? Steve Nagy =09Conf. Room 6C1
19:30=09Leave the hotel=20
=09(to the international airport)=09=09Must arrive the airport at least 1:30h before the flight
22:30=09Departure from S?o Paulo=09CO 94 =01) 1030pm  07Jun=09
Steve,
Thanks for the update.  I was stunned by your email and didn't know about 
your father.  I am very sorry for your loss.  My thoughts and prayers are 
with you and your family.
Mike
Stephen R Horn
06/06/2000 07:05 PM
Please read the attached memo from Larry Izzo. He is obviously wanting to 
resurface Infrastructure World.  As you will note in the last paragraph, he 
is basically staking out a position that EECC is going to have to spend $2 
million on project management software development and  that he can capture 
free optionality of doing a deal with infrastructure world.
On the surface of it, this does not make sense on several dimensions:
1. It is not clear to me why EECC has to spend $2 million on project 
management software development. By definition, such software would want to 
be collaborative  and I don't understand the logic of why we would do it 
ourselves.
2. If there is a seperate carve-out of project management software that is 
required for what we do that is separate from what existing functionality of 
Cepren, Buzzsaw and Bidcom is doing; we may have an opportunity to do joint 
development with any of these players. The question is picking who we think 
would be a winner and figuring out if there is a deal to be done. Allan and 
Drew, together with the EECC, have orchestrated meetings next week with these 
three companies to figure out ways that EECC may be able to work together 
with one of them. I would note that Bechtel is an investor in Cephren so it 
is not clear that they expected these to entities to be directly competitive. 
It is not clear that Infrastructure World is preferable to one of these other 
alternatives.
3. It is obviously not my call as to whether EECC needs or will spend $2 
million for Project Management software development (although I am 
skeptical). From an investment perspective, there has not been that much that 
has progressed on Infrastructure World in the last six to eight weeks. The 
principal change has been a significant revaluation  and critical assessment 
of B2B business plans and particularly revenue models. I would thus say that 
two months ago my assessment given the Bechtel/Hull involvement that there 
was a 75% ability to do legitimate VC at $5 to $10 million pre-money (as 
opposed to the $15 million that it was done at). I would say that the 
probability would be 25% of $5 to $10 million with significant risk of doing 
subsequent rounds. I would thus have a view that we should pass from an 
investment perspective.
I have left Larry a voice mail that I am available to meet when I am back 
Thursday and Friday when I am back from my father's funeral. I will have a 
discussion along these points. I am on vacation next week , but  told Larry 
in the voice mail that the alternative is to meet with Allan (who is out this 
week) and one of the people from my team. 
Larry L Izzo@_DEVELOPMENT
05/31/2000 06:20 PM
Chris,
Thanks for the email.  I'll wait to get the pictures it will definitely 
help.  I miss understood about the photos, I thought you were sending me via 
email that next day.   Congrats on the Cassatt, that person will really enjoy 
it 
Let me know about the price as soon as you get a chance.  I understand that 
there is a shipping component and no sales tax.  I like to have all my art 
shipped because the tax savings can be significant, especially in New York I did like that frame on the picture but didn't understand your comment below 
($783).  The price you had did include the frame didn't it?
Thanks,
Mike
Dear Mike:
Thanks for the email.  I sent a package via US mail with photos of each
piece to you on Wednesday night.  (The Cassatt was sold already, sorry.)  I
thought you would want to look at the pieces with your wife, and make the
decision together.
We do not accept credit cards, but checks are fine.  I will speak ot Mr.
Hubert about the price, however are you interested in the frame?  Also be
aware the crating charge for this piece is $150., but no sales tax. ($783.)
Please wait for the images if you like, and we will speak soon.
Best Wishes,
Chris
Thanks for the quick response.  I sent it on to John.  Don't be surprised if 
he calls you;  you are the master of this deal.
Mike
Richard Harper
06/07/2000 09:30 AM
I have not been involved, but only last week a little bird told me that they 
have severe problems with reserve levels and expect to decline in 2002, when 
we were talking it was 2004 and then only by a small amount.  Agip is 
particularly adversely effected (as Agip in particular lacks reserves in the 
area).  I understand the development of Jade by BG and Phillips and the 
squeeze down of Texaco and OMV, the other Jade owners, by Agip  to sell their 
gas to Agip was driven by this lack of reserves.
You will recall that liquidated damages was a big issue they wanted to retain 
them rather than actual damages and we insisted that they remained at the 
same absolute level as in the old agreement, so I believe they are 40% of the 
new price (my memory is fading also).  I do recall that they all insisted 
that they would deliver the gas.  However, as with most companies the players 
have all moved on and a contract is a contract, afterall this was our 
approach.  Also I am sure they intended to maximise production from J-Block 
and did not forsee a shortage of production.
It would be interesting to know if this is an agreed policy by them or 
whether one of the sellers is blocking the NBP sale by refusing to 
co-operate, they could do this because of the Common Stream Agreement Presumably they have not yet split the 3 agreements yet.
As to opportunity if they are short of reserves, perhaps they can buy 
themselves out of the situation, especially while the contract is in the 
money.
With my adversarial hat on perhaps BG want revenge for their loss in the 
appeal courts?   This is probably nearest to the truth.
I'm afraid this isn't much help and I do not recall any willful default 
provisions in the agreement.
Richard
Mike McConnell
07/06/2000 14:49
Richard,
Hello from South America.  I am forwarding this email from John regarding 
the J-Block problems.  Have you been involved in this?  What are your 
thoughts?  If you have any ideas or can provide with some help, please 
follow-up.  This is confidential but i thought you could help.  When he 
mentioned this, I really couldn't remember much.  Amazing how the memory 
fades on some of the details in just a few years.
Mike
John Sherriff
06/06/2000 12:09 PM
I mentioned on our conference call on Monday that J-Block has had problems 
meeting our nominations from the Judy/Joanne/Janice reservoirs.
Up until recent CATS maintenance shutdown on 15 May, they were making up for 
reduced production volumes by nominating to supply gas at the NBP which they 
are entitled but not obliged to do.  Since return from outage at the end of 
May they have declined to nominate at the NBP 
From 1 January to 15 May, the Sellers use of the NBP delivery option kept 
underdeliveries to 350 mmcf (ie one day's maximum quantity) in total.  Since 
returning from the maintenance shutdown, underdeliveries have totalled 850 
mmcf ( averaging 77mcf/d 
We believe that following the sharp rise in market prices during the 
maintenance period, they have decided to default on the contract rather than 
make up deliveries from other sources.   They have an effective cap on the 
penalties of about 5 pence per therm (after taking into account the value of 
the liquids) and therefore they are not making up the volumes when the daily 
price is substantially higher than about 16 pence per therm.
Prior to the CATS shutdown, we had made them a proposal to enable them to 
deliver additional volumes at  another alternative to avoid default but they 
have not responded yet.
You mentioned that in your negotiations with Phillips they had committed to 
getting us all the gas regardless of the cap on the penalties.  This has cost 
us about $1.5 million to date and they seem to be institutionalising their 
non performance.    Perhaps a phone call by you might help 
By the way I will be in Houston on Thursday and Friday to meet with the 
delegation from Croatia and I will probably be tied up the entire time but if 
you need me
for a phone call I can break away.
John
John,
Below is a response from Richard Harper.  A couple of interesting thoughts Richard would be a great source for running ideas by and/or  testing 
concepts.  He is brilliant on this.
Just a thought.
Mike
Richard Harper
06/07/2000 09:30 AM
I have not been involved, but only last week a little bird told me that they 
have severe problems with reserve levels and expect to decline in 2002, when 
we were talking it was 2004 and then only by a small amount.  Agip is 
particularly adversely effected (as Agip in particular lacks reserves in the 
area).  I understand the development of Jade by BG and Phillips and the 
squeeze down of Texaco and OMV, the other Jade owners, by Agip  to sell their 
gas to Agip was driven by this lack of reserves.
You will recall that liquidated damages was a big issue they wanted to retain 
them rather than actual damages and we insisted that they remained at the 
same absolute level as in the old agreement, so I believe they are 40% of the 
new price (my memory is fading also).  I do recall that they all insisted 
that they would deliver the gas.  However, as with most companies the players 
have all moved on and a contract is a contract, afterall this was our 
approach.  Also I am sure they intended to maximise production from J-Block 
and did not forsee a shortage of production.
It would be interesting to know if this is an agreed policy by them or 
whether one of the sellers is blocking the NBP sale by refusing to 
co-operate, they could do this because of the Common Stream Agreement Presumably they have not yet split the 3 agreements yet.
As to opportunity if they are short of reserves, perhaps they can buy 
themselves out of the situation, especially while the contract is in the 
money.
With my adversarial hat on perhaps BG want revenge for their loss in the 
appeal courts?   This is probably nearest to the truth.
I'm afraid this isn't much help and I do not recall any willful default 
provisions in the agreement.
Richard
Mike McConnell
07/06/2000 14:49
Richard,
Hello from South America.  I am forwarding this email from John regarding 
the J-Block problems.  Have you been involved in this?  What are your 
thoughts?  If you have any ideas or can provide with some help, please 
follow-up.  This is confidential but i thought you could help.  When he 
mentioned this, I really couldn't remember much.  Amazing how the memory 
fades on some of the details in just a few years.
Mike
John Sherriff
06/06/2000 12:09 PM
I mentioned on our conference call on Monday that J-Block has had problems 
meeting our nominations from the Judy/Joanne/Janice reservoirs.
Up until recent CATS maintenance shutdown on 15 May, they were making up for 
reduced production volumes by nominating to supply gas at the NBP which they 
are entitled but not obliged to do.  Since return from outage at the end of 
May they have declined to nominate at the NBP 
From 1 January to 15 May, the Sellers use of the NBP delivery option kept 
underdeliveries to 350 mmcf (ie one day's maximum quantity) in total.  Since 
returning from the maintenance shutdown, underdeliveries have totalled 850 
mmcf ( averaging 77mcf/d 
We believe that following the sharp rise in market prices during the 
maintenance period, they have decided to default on the contract rather than 
make up deliveries from other sources.   They have an effective cap on the 
penalties of about 5 pence per therm (after taking into account the value of 
the liquids) and therefore they are not making up the volumes when the daily 
price is substantially higher than about 16 pence per therm.
Prior to the CATS shutdown, we had made them a proposal to enable them to 
deliver additional volumes at  another alternative to avoid default but they 
have not responded yet.
You mentioned that in your negotiations with Phillips they had committed to 
getting us all the gas regardless of the cap on the penalties.  This has cost 
us about $1.5 million to date and they seem to be institutionalising their 
non performance.    Perhaps a phone call by you might help 
By the way I will be in Houston on Thursday and Friday to meet with the 
delegation from Croatia and I will probably be tied up the entire time but if 
you need me
for a phone call I can break away.
John
Inja,
Hello from South America. =20
By way of this email I will ask Cathy Phillips to send you a bio and picture=20
as requested.  I will present the Net Works story and EOL in a presentation=20
if they would like.  The EOL presentation and statistics are very cool.  I=20
don't have a lot to send them in advance but you can say that ENW is changing=20
everything on our new approach to business and it will be huge.  Let me know=20
if there is something else that I can do.
Thanks,
mike=20
=20
=09
=09Enron Technology
=09
Hi Mike,
In preparation for your meeting with SK=01,s top people: Mr. Tony Chey (SK=20
Corporation chairman)   and Mr. Han Kyung Kim (President of SK Corporation),=20
I was asked to get some of your background information   I also thought it=20
might be helpful to provide you some information about them and what they are=20
looking for as I understand it .=20
I.  Information Requested & Discussion Topics:
-  They are requesting some information about you and your career history=20
which they would like to receive as much before the meeting as possible -=20
please send it to me via email and I will pass it on to them
-  Your view of Enron Net Work=01,s contribution to the overall world-wide Enron=01,
s future business (They have a great deal of interest in EOL and other future=20
IT business world-wide) and the Enron Broadband Services and EOL's impact on=20
Enron's stock price
II.  Information about SK chairman & president
A. Tony Chey (SK Corporation Chairman & owner)
-   Tony Chey is the brain of  the entire SK group  and very much respected=20
in Korea
-   He is  known as a forward thinker and  the moving force of the company
-   SK Corporation has over 40 subsidiaries including SK-Enron, SK-Global=20
(general trading company including petroleum and chemical products=20
(interested in future B2B), SK-Telecom, SK-Computer and Communication=20
(computer system integrators),  SK-Life Insurance, SK-Oxi Chemical,=20
SK-Securities, and many others =20
-   Approximately 40 years of age with Master's degree in Economics from=20
University of Chicago
-   According to the newspaper article, he believes  that success of the =20
21st century business will depend on managing intangible assets like=20
knowledge.  He also believes that the advent of information and=20
telecommunications revolution requires  change in the business environment=20
and  business can only survive if it adopt this change.  He also mentioned=20
that the new business should be based on knowledge instead of previous=20
models. =20
-  He is a proponent for SK=01,s OK Cashbag product (internet retail product=20
sales site B2C)  - which supposedly spent some $80 million USD with all out=20
advertisement  on TV.  Currently,  this product is losing money.  Therefore,=20
other SK senior management are concerned about our e-Commerce project.=20
B.  Mr. Han Kyung Kim (President of SK Corporation)
-    He is about 58 years old and No. 2  man in SK group.  He has over 35=20
years experience in SK and has strong background in petroleum trading.  He is=20
less directly involved in e-Commerce. =20
Please let me know if you like any additional information and there is=20
anything else I can do to help prepare for your visit. =20
Thank you.
Inja Chun
Julie,
thanks for the update.  a couple of items.
1.  take out IT compliance and we will make it 1 dot point under PB's area of 
technology update
2. metals - call it MG(plc)
3.  take out page 16 (initiatives under consideration)
4.  Change org chart;  Jay - add investments and New Mkt. identification take S horn off
5. on agenda page add sub dots for project updates and accomplishments under 
technology update
6. Jeff McMahon will add a page on finance as well, give him a call for a 
draft.  It will go in the vision section put it toward the back of the vision 
section
On further emails, only send me change or new pages.  It takes forever to 
download this (EOL) when I replicate.
Thanks,
m
John,
Hello from South America.  I just got your email and I certainly concur with 
Jeff making the call.  He has maintained a good relationship with Mulva. This 
was a risk that we had but we did have assurances from Phillips regarding 
performance.  I don't know how much it will help however.  Richard Harper and 
Mary Nell Browning may have some ideas here but I am sure you've already gone 
through it with them.  I am amazed how the details get fuzzy on an old 
project.  When you discussed it, i was trying to think back to our remedies 
and discussions but the 3 years have made it difficult.
I don't know if there is anything I can do but I'm always willing to help.
Good luck,
Mike
John Sherriff
06/06/2000 12:09 PM
I mentioned on our conference call on Monday that J-Block has had problems 
meeting our nominations from the Judy/Joanne/Janice reservoirs.
Up until recent CATS maintenance shutdown on 15 May, they were making up for 
reduced production volumes by nominating to supply gas at the NBP which they 
are entitled but not obliged to do.  Since return from outage at the end of 
May they have declined to nominate at the NBP 
From 1 January to 15 May, the Sellers use of the NBP delivery option kept 
underdeliveries to 350 mmcf (ie one day's maximum quantity) in total.  Since 
returning from the maintenance shutdown, underdeliveries have totalled 850 
mmcf ( averaging 77mcf/d 
We believe that following the sharp rise in market prices during the 
maintenance period, they have decided to default on the contract rather than 
make up deliveries from other sources.   They have an effective cap on the 
penalties of about 5 pence per therm (after taking into account the value of 
the liquids) and therefore they are not making up the volumes when the daily 
price is substantially higher than about 16 pence per therm.
Prior to the CATS shutdown, we had made them a proposal to enable them to 
deliver additional volumes at  another alternative to avoid default but they 
have not responded yet.
You mentioned that in your negotiations with Phillips they had committed to 
getting us all the gas regardless of the cap on the penalties.  This has cost 
us about $1.5 million to date and they seem to be institutionalising their 
non performance.    Perhaps a phone call by you might help 
By the way I will be in Houston on Thursday and Friday to meet with the 
delegation from Croatia and I will probably be tied up the entire time but if 
you need me
for a phone call I can break away.
John
Richard,
Hello from South America.  I am forwarding this email from John regarding 
the J-Block problems.  Have you been involved in this?  What are your 
thoughts?  If you have any ideas or can provide with some help, please 
follow-up.  This is confidential but i thought you could help.  When he 
mentioned this, I really couldn't remember much.  Amazing how the memory 
fades on some of the details in just a few years.
Mike
John Sherriff
06/06/2000 12:09 PM
I mentioned on our conference call on Monday that J-Block has had problems 
meeting our nominations from the Judy/Joanne/Janice reservoirs.
Up until recent CATS maintenance shutdown on 15 May, they were making up for 
reduced production volumes by nominating to supply gas at the NBP which they 
are entitled but not obliged to do.  Since return from outage at the end of 
May they have declined to nominate at the NBP 
From 1 January to 15 May, the Sellers use of the NBP delivery option kept 
underdeliveries to 350 mmcf (ie one day's maximum quantity) in total.  Since 
returning from the maintenance shutdown, underdeliveries have totalled 850 
mmcf ( averaging 77mcf/d 
We believe that following the sharp rise in market prices during the 
maintenance period, they have decided to default on the contract rather than 
make up deliveries from other sources.   They have an effective cap on the 
penalties of about 5 pence per therm (after taking into account the value of 
the liquids) and therefore they are not making up the volumes when the daily 
price is substantially higher than about 16 pence per therm.
Prior to the CATS shutdown, we had made them a proposal to enable them to 
deliver additional volumes at  another alternative to avoid default but they 
have not responded yet.
You mentioned that in your negotiations with Phillips they had committed to 
getting us all the gas regardless of the cap on the penalties.  This has cost 
us about $1.5 million to date and they seem to be institutionalising their 
non performance.    Perhaps a phone call by you might help 
By the way I will be in Houston on Thursday and Friday to meet with the 
delegation from Croatia and I will probably be tied up the entire time but if 
you need me
for a phone call I can break away.
John
Suzanne,
I glanced at the presentation.  It looks good Two comments:
1.  Could we use our older machines for home use?  They are still very good 
they just aren't the newest technology.  All are fast, CD ready  with plenty 
of memory.  It could knock the cost down significantly.
2.  I would have the cost of Houston only to start with as a pilot.  That 
would reduce our initial costs significantly even for NA.  I recommend that 
you at least know what that cost is as a fall back position.
Good luck.  Your teams hard work really shows here.
mike
Jeff, 
FYI.  I will co-ordinate an executive dinner.  He is a great guy and a real 
player.  Sanjiv has asked Ken to be on the board and he is considering I'll give more details later.
Mike
Sanjiv_Sidhu@i2.com on 06/01/2000 05:31:48 PM
Mike:
Thanks for taking the time to visit with me.  By way of follow-up, I would
like to confirm my understanding of the action items.
Sheryl will coordinate with Cathy to arrange for a dinner meeting with
you and the executive team of Enron Networks
Steve Morse will contact you in the near future to coordinate meetings
to discuss how Enron Networks can leverage i2 technology, domain
expertise and intellectual capital  to gain competitive advantage in
your choosen marketplaces
Steve Morse will coordinate a meeting with Enron Broadband, Enron
Networks and i2 to explore opportunities to go to market together
leveraging our respective strengths
Mike, I want to reinforce i2's commitment to Enron and our desire to move
forward as a strategic partner.    and consideration.
,
Sanjiv
FYI,
mike
Sanjiv_Sidhu@i2.com on 06/01/2000 05:31:48 PM
Mike:
Thanks for taking the time to visit with me.  By way of follow-up, I would
like to confirm my understanding of the action items.
Sheryl will coordinate with Cathy to arrange for a dinner meeting with
you and the executive team of Enron Networks
Steve Morse will contact you in the near future to coordinate meetings
to discuss how Enron Networks can leverage i2 technology, domain
expertise and intellectual capital  to gain competitive advantage in
your choosen marketplaces
Steve Morse will coordinate a meeting with Enron Broadband, Enron
Networks and i2 to explore opportunities to go to market together
leveraging our respective strengths
Mike, I want to reinforce i2's commitment to Enron and our desire to move
forward as a strategic partner.    and consideration.
,
Sanjiv
George,
The URL didn't work, please leave me a voicemail on their next stepts.
Have a good week.
mike
Sounds like a plan.  Eric is the key to all your activities.
m
Kurt Lindahl@_DEVELOPMENT
05/03/2001 05:58 PM
Understood.  I will be in CA next week meeting with Socal and PGE.  With 
Socal, we plan to discuss their storage capabilities - to take vaporized LNG 
and provide a balancing service.  With PG&E we'll be looking for points where 
they could take gas into their system.  We wanted to be fairly specific, but 
not tip our hand regarding project timing or exact location.  Socal is 
scheduled to release their system study (to receive LNG) tomorrow.
I've requested a meeting next Friday in San Francisco with Jeff Dasovich 
(regulatory) and Sandi McCubbin (legislative) to explain our concept and get 
their input.  On Thursday, we meet with Samuel Wehn, works for Dave Parquet, 
who will tell us how he's permitted power plants in CA.  We'll ask for 
suggestions on local law & engineering firms, plus see what Sam can do to 
help us.
Any instructions?  If not, I'll proceed as planned.
Kurt
Kurt, 
I agree with Eric.   California is very dangerous right now and we would need 
something very real to bring this to his attention.  Steve Kean  really liked 
the idea but only after we were ready to rock and roll.
Mike
Eric Gonzales
05/03/2001 10:39 AM
Kurt,
I spoke to Ken roughly a month ago regarding our desire to have a terminal on 
the west coast.  His initial impression was that given the climate there for 
new build asset approvals this would be extremely difficult.  He preferred 
the Mexico import idea.  Before we ask Ken to get involved I think we need at 
least a skeleton of a project.
Eric
Kurt Lindahl@_DEVELOPMENT
02/05/2001 21:49
Mike/Eric,
Jody Crook & I met this afternoon with Robert Neustadter to review Socal 
storage tariffs.  Robert explained that he had been working flat out to 
prepare materials for Ken Lay who left this morning with Jeff Dasovich to 
meet with senior government officials in California to discuss solutions to 
the energy crisis.
Might be an opportunity to drop the message that we are working on LNG 
solutions and hope to get the politicians support when we make definitive 
proposals?
Kurt
Joseph P Hirl@_DEVELOPMENT
06/02/2000 04:17 PM
Cathy,
Pls provide Ono-san in Tokyo with Mike's travel details so that we can 
arrange.
Mike:  We are putting together  a presentation based on the discussion we had 
during our call the other day.  This would be our outline (and vision) for 
our interactive web site and how we plan to take reg/gov affairs online as 
well as some other initiatives.  We will be able to get you  a draft of this 
presentation before you arrive in Tokyo.  We will also look into activities 
for the weekend.
Joe
Joe, 
I am looking forward to the upcoming trip 
Everything is all set for Korea but what do you suggest as an agenda for my 
two days in Tokyo?  Also are there some presentations or items that i could 
review before I arrive that you believe might be helpful?  I will also be 
there over a weekend, I would like to do some site seeing on Sat and Sunday 
(my flight to Korea leaves on Sunday late afternoon).  I would appreciate 
some suggestions and I will need a guide, could you have someone arrange it 
for me?
Thanks, and Cathy will co-ordinate everything.
Mike
Attached for your reference and commentary is a first draft of a contact list 
to assist in communication of our key efforts globally.  Please make any 
additions, changes (and/or corrections) that you believe are appropriate and 
return to my office for update and distribution.  The goal is not to list out 
everyone working on a project or business but to include a couple of players 
if someone needs information about how this could apply to their business.
Thanks,
mike
FYI,
mike
Mike McConnell
08/28/2000 03:16 PM
John,
Jeff and I had many excellent meetings with your team and received a very=20
good run down of their businesses.  We went out to dinner with the key=20
players and I think they understand our new vision and they appeared to be=20
fired up.  As a follow-up to those meetings and our QBR,  Jeff and I would=20
like you to prepare a more definite business plan for the future. This will=20
represent your way forward for the remainder of 2000 and then 2001.  We would=20
like some additional pieces to your previously thoughts as well.  Listed=20
below are a few of the issues that we would like you to address and include=20
in your plan. Also listed below are key items that were included in your "way=20
forward" pieces of the QBR.=20
Once this is done, we will present it to Mark Frevert and then the other CEOs=20
in the wholesale group so that everyone knows where we are going and what our=20
plan is to change this part of our company.
Your vision of the future
Present historical total earnings from the group as a whole and by individual=20
groups (on 2 pages only).  Steps to grow your group to achieve our initial=20
discussions of big earnings leaps.  2001 - $200 mm and how to become a real=20
player in the business and get to a $500 mm business
Timeline to accomplish your goals and vision
Identify and address the leadership issues in your business.  Identify not=20
only how you think it should be organized and the resources that will be=20
required but also who else you need to get you there. =20
SWOT analysis as a group and by each business
Specific obstacles that need to be addressed to achieve your vision and goals
Identify potential assets needed to accomplish the desired growth.  Storage=20
facilities and control of information keeps coming up as a possible way to=20
gain a competitive advantage.  Could we purchase and/or build key storage=20
facilities and use info. like we do in gas.  Could we  buy space in the key=20
areas around the world?
EOL;  Although I realize many people in your group may have a different view,=20
EOL is a way to gain (or attempt to gain) a competitive advantage in an area=20
where we do not have it.  Identify your plan and action steps to lever EOL=20
and get people to really use it and put out many products and tight spreads. =20
I also want to begin really monitoring the percentage deal flow for the=20
traders  and they need to realize that we are doing so.  How do we do 1,000=20
trades a day on EOL?
Resources - how do we attract top talent since we don't offer a piece of the=20
book? What kind of packages would it take to attract that talent? Could we=20
attract younger talent and put with associates and analysts?  What=20
compensation issues do we need to address?
Technology - Could we uses satellite photos to monitor ships to see if=20
deliveries will be on time in low storage level areas?  Is there other=20
technology out there that will help you?
Information Technology - identify specific needs with prioritization.  Is=20
Project Thunderball the answer?
Singapore - How do we make them real players and more effective in the=20
market?  Do we have the right people and trading staff there?
Should we team up with FPL and let them trade resid on EOL?  Is this a way to=20
jump back into the resid market?
Please present and take Jeff and I through your plan by Sept. 13th.
Thanks and if you have any questions about the process and what we are=20
looking for, please don't hesitate to discuss with both of us.
Mike=20
Listed below are some of the  specific goals and ideas from your QBR.
Goals
? Become the #1 Global Products Trading Co both physically and financially by=20
exploiting strengths in key products
- Distillates
- Petchems/Plastics & NGL=01,s
- Gasoline & Components
- Financial Crude
? Expand and control E-Space
- EOL Trading & Marketing Teams
? Dominate ARB market
- Establish strategic storage in key markets
? Develop Research group to support trading
? Capitalize on key acquisitions to strengthen and support trading activity
The Way Forward (Petchems/Plastics)
? Establish step change in the business through EOL
? Trading Financial/Physical Naptha
? Strategic storage in Rotterdam, Singapore
? Strategic investments and/or offtake agreements
? Distribution market
? Explore financing arrangements, acquisitions
? Refine product portfolio
- Refinery chemical streams
? Penetrate spot market
The Way Forward (LPG=01,s)
? Begin trading S.E. Asian Market
? Restructure or exit Cremona
? Expand into Naptha Asia Pacific
? Access to USA import/export
? Offer all financial/physical products online
The Way Forward (Products)
? #1 Physical ARB player
? Develop/Expand Transatlantic gasoline business
? Naptha supply S. America
? 4 - 6 new traders
- Naptha, Resid.
? Expand EOL & Marketing
The Way Forward (Crude)
? One new trader - Houston
? Penetrate the physical market
- Structured offtake/supply agreements as trading bases
? Develop EOL Crude Team
- New products (grades) - LLS, HLS, WTS, Bowriver
? Posting Plus (P+)
? Options
- Increase counterparty base
- Access to additional e-commerce platforms
EOL/Marketing/Origination
? Build Marketing & EOL teams within the book
? Use origination to support commercial functions
- Trading, Marketing & EOL
? Pricing - Tightest tradeable spreads
? New Products
- Spreads, Option, Other Commodities
? New Counterparties
- Key to liquidity & growth
? Drive Platform to become the Hub
- Physical partner =20
- Synergistic Platforms
? Houston Street, Brent Broker, Red Meteor, eNymex
? ChemConnect, ChemMatch, Envera, Elemeca
- Our own bricks & mortar
- Shipping & operations
Man Power Requirements
? Petchems
- Two Aromatic traders
- Two associate/analyst
? LPG=01,s
- One analyst
- EOL support
? Group
- M & A Expert & Support =01) 2
- Research Group - 3
? Total - min 30 people
Man Power Requirements
? Crude Oil
- One International Trader
- Two to three associate/analyst
? Products
- Two to four Resid traders
- One to two Distillate traders
- Two Naphtha traders
- One Gasoline trader
- Four to six associate/analyst
John,
Jeff and I had many excellent meetings with your team and received a very=20
good run down of their businesses.  We went out to dinner with the key=20
players and I think they understand our new vision and they appeared to be=20
fired up.  As a follow-up to those meetings and our QBR,  Jeff and I would=20
like you to prepare a more definite business plan for the future. This will=20
represent your way forward for the remainder of 2000 and then 2001.  We would=20
like some additional pieces to your previously thoughts as well.  Listed=20
below are a few of the issues that we would like you to address and include=20
in your plan. Also listed below are key items that were included in your "way=20
forward" pieces of the QBR.=20
Once this is done, we will present it to Mark Frevert and then the other CEOs=20
in the wholesale group so that everyone knows where we are going and what our=20
plan is to change this part of our company.
Your vision of the future
Present historical total earnings from the group as a whole and by individual=20
groups (on 2 pages only).  Steps to grow your group to achieve our initial=20
discussions of big earnings leaps.  2001 - $200 mm and how to become a real=20
player in the business and get to a $500 mm business
Timeline to accomplish your goals and vision
Identify and address the leadership issues in your business.  Identify not=20
only how you think it should be organized and the resources that will be=20
required but also who else you need to get you there. =20
SWOT analysis as a group and by each business
Specific obstacles that need to be addressed to achieve your vision and goals
Identify potential assets needed to accomplish the desired growth.  Storage=20
facilities and control of information keeps coming up as a possible way to=20
gain a competitive advantage.  Could we purchase and/or build key storage=20
facilities and use info. like we do in gas.  Could we  buy space in the key=20
areas around the world?
EOL;  Although I realize many people in your group may have a different view,=20
EOL is a way to gain (or attempt to gain) a competitive advantage in an area=20
where we do not have it.  Identify your plan and action steps to lever EOL=20
and get people to really use it and put out many products and tight spreads. =20
I also want to begin really monitoring the percentage deal flow for the=20
traders  and they need to realize that we are doing so.  How do we do 1,000=20
trades a day on EOL?
Resources - how do we attract top talent since we don't offer a piece of the=20
book? What kind of packages would it take to attract that talent? Could we=20
attract younger talent and put with associates and analysts?  What=20
compensation issues do we need to address?
Technology - Could we uses satellite photos to monitor ships to see if=20
deliveries will be on time in low storage level areas?  Is there other=20
technology out there that will help you?
Information Technology - identify specific needs with prioritization.  Is=20
Project Thunderball the answer?
Singapore - How do we make them real players and more effective in the=20
market?  Do we have the right people and trading staff there?
Should we team up with FPL and let them trade resid on EOL?  Is this a way to=20
jump back into the resid market?
Please present and take Jeff and I through your plan by Sept. 13th.
Thanks and if you have any questions about the process and what we are=20
looking for, please don't hesitate to discuss with both of us.
Mike=20
Listed below are some of the  specific goals and ideas from your QBR.
Goals
? Become the #1 Global Products Trading Co both physically and financially by=20
exploiting strengths in key products
- Distillates
- Petchems/Plastics & NGL=01,s
- Gasoline & Components
- Financial Crude
? Expand and control E-Space
- EOL Trading & Marketing Teams
? Dominate ARB market
- Establish strategic storage in key markets
? Develop Research group to support trading
? Capitalize on key acquisitions to strengthen and support trading activity
The Way Forward (Petchems/Plastics)
? Establish step change in the business through EOL
? Trading Financial/Physical Naptha
? Strategic storage in Rotterdam, Singapore
? Strategic investments and/or offtake agreements
? Distribution market
? Explore financing arrangements, acquisitions
? Refine product portfolio
- Refinery chemical streams
? Penetrate spot market
The Way Forward (LPG=01,s)
? Begin trading S.E. Asian Market
? Restructure or exit Cremona
? Expand into Naptha Asia Pacific
? Access to USA import/export
? Offer all financial/physical products online
The Way Forward (Products)
? #1 Physical ARB player
? Develop/Expand Transatlantic gasoline business
? Naptha supply S. America
? 4 - 6 new traders
- Naptha, Resid.
? Expand EOL & Marketing
The Way Forward (Crude)
? One new trader - Houston
? Penetrate the physical market
- Structured offtake/supply agreements as trading bases
? Develop EOL Crude Team
- New products (grades) - LLS, HLS, WTS, Bowriver
? Posting Plus (P+)
? Options
- Increase counterparty base
- Access to additional e-commerce platforms
EOL/Marketing/Origination
? Build Marketing & EOL teams within the book
? Use origination to support commercial functions
- Trading, Marketing & EOL
? Pricing - Tightest tradeable spreads
? New Products
- Spreads, Option, Other Commodities
? New Counterparties
- Key to liquidity & growth
? Drive Platform to become the Hub
- Physical partner =20
- Synergistic Platforms
? Houston Street, Brent Broker, Red Meteor, eNymex
? ChemConnect, ChemMatch, Envera, Elemeca
- Our own bricks & mortar
- Shipping & operations
Man Power Requirements
? Petchems
- Two Aromatic traders
- Two associate/analyst
? LPG=01,s
- One analyst
- EOL support
? Group
- M & A Expert & Support =01) 2
- Research Group - 3
? Total - min 30 people
Man Power Requirements
? Crude Oil
- One International Trader
- Two to three associate/analyst
? Products
- Two to four Resid traders
- One to two Distillate traders
- Two Naphtha traders
- One Gasoline trader
- Four to six associate/analyst
I am Cathy Phillips, Mike McConnell's assistant and I am responding to your 
message of his behalf.  He has asked that I schedule the meeting as requested 
in your message below.  Please contact me at 713-853-6898 or 
cathy.phillips@ and I will be happy to assist in anyway that I can.
Thank you.
Cathy Phillips
For some reason I couldn't get this off to you sooner.  Please read below Thanks
Federico Cerisoli
06/30/2000 12:09 PM
As you probably know, the Western Hemisphere A&A PRC will be held in Houston 
on July 19th.  Each member of the PRC committee will represent 15 to 17 
analysts that have been randomly assigned. I've been selected as a member of 
the Analyst PRC Committee representing participants that are under your 
direct supervision.  As a PRC rep, I will continue to represent the assigned 
Analysts (see list below) during their entire tenure with the Analyst Program.
Thus, I need your help in supplying me performance information for these 
candidates (including pre-ratings if available) and recommendations for 
promotion if he or she is eligible.  In addition, for those of you based out 
of Houston I'd like to meet with each of you individually (15 or 20 minutes 
should be enough) during the 17th and the 18th of July (if you are not based 
out of Houston or you'll be out of town during those days, we can certainly 
do it over the phone the week of the 10th.
I'm based out of Sao Paulo (in transition from Buenos Aires) and I'll be 
landing in Houston the morning of the 17th, so I'll be ready to begin these 
short meetings by 11am on the 17th.  I would very much appreciate if you can 
indicate your time preference for those two days. 
FYI, the following is the list of participants that I'll be representing in 
the July 19th PRC meeting:
Analyst Name    Supervisor
Ahanchian, Amir Cyrus    Humphrey, Gene
Allen, Margaret     Palmer, Mark
Ashmore, Garrett    Cox, David Benien, Michael     Moscoso, Michael
Black, Robin     Lewis, James
Cerny, Ward     Sethu, Vijay
Chenoweth, Christopher    Lewis, James
Falcone, Daniel     Moscoso, Michael
Ferrara, Julie     McConnell, Michael
Hausinger, Sharon    Vanderhorst, Barend
Hernandez Veiga, Alejandro   Gutierrez, Hector
Hoff, Jonathan     House, John
Jachimiak, Matthew    Lewis, William
Mena, Luis     Leibert, Richard
O'Malley, Justin     Pittenger, Cathy
Scarborough, John    Courtney, Mark
Vegalara, Mateo    Thomsen, Jon
Please call me at 5511-5503-1397 in Sao Paulo or at 5411-4891-3600 in Buenos 
Aires.  It will be of enormous help if you can let us know the name and 
telephone number of your assistants so Marianne Arake (Sao Paulo 
5511-5503-1197) and/or Nadia Rodriguez (Buenos Aires 5411-4891-3644) can 
follow up on the schedule in Houston.
Thanks for your co-operation.
Fede
Allan,
Thanks, I'll add them to the list.  I would appreciate a self appraisal 
feedback form on yourself with your list of accomplishments to date.  (I know 
it is hard to put together when you've been here for as long as you have).
mike
Mike,
I am sorry to hear that you are under the weather - please let me know if 
there is any support I can provide you.  On another topic - would you please 
add the following people to my list of reviewers (Robert Jones, Jay 
Fitzgerald, Steve Horn, Philipe Bibi, Louise Kitchen, Drew Ries, Ellen 
Fowler, Larry Isso, Fred Kelly).  I am afraid that my list was approved 
before I was able to add any of the above people.
Thanks
Allan Sommer
John,
Rick Bergsieker is the key here.  He can certainly direct you to the right 
people or others on his staff to help from Abu Dabai.
Rick:  Houston ext:  66504
Abu Dabai:  9 714 331 8717
Mike
Kurt, 
I agree with Eric.   California is very dangerous right now and we would need 
something very real to bring this to his attention.  Steve Kean  really liked 
the idea but only after we were ready to rock and roll.
Mike
Eric Gonzales
05/03/2001 10:39 AM
Kurt,
I spoke to Ken roughly a month ago regarding our desire to have a terminal on 
the west coast.  His initial impression was that given the climate there for 
new build asset approvals this would be extremely difficult.  He preferred 
the Mexico import idea.  Before we ask Ken to get involved I think we need at 
least a skeleton of a project.
Eric
Kurt Lindahl@_DEVELOPMENT
02/05/2001 21:49
Mike/Eric,
Jody Crook & I met this afternoon with Robert Neustadter to review Socal 
storage tariffs.  Robert explained that he had been working flat out to 
prepare materials for Ken Lay who left this morning with Jeff Dasovich to 
meet with senior government officials in California to discuss solutions to 
the energy crisis.
Might be an opportunity to drop the message that we are working on LNG 
solutions and hope to get the politicians support when we make definitive 
proposals?
Kurt
Chris,
Hello from Houston.  I really enjoyed meeting with you last Saturday at your 
gallery.  Your collection of work is very impressive.
I have not received your digital pictures that you were putting together but 
I did talk with my wife about the Bonnard.  The Bonnard is my first choice of 
all the pieces we discussed.  I found an illustration of it on the net (from 
another gallery) and she liked (although - not as much as me).  I am prepared 
to purchase a Bonnard and the Radiator is my first choice.  I would like to 
establish a relationship and do business with your gallery and would like to 
know what is your best price for the piece.  I will not shop the price around 
and will make a quick decision with a credit card number.   When I get your 
response and if it is competitive, I'll confirm the purchase when I pick up 
the email.
Thanks,
Mike McConnell
PS - I will hold off on the others for now and when you send me the pictures 
I will show them to my wife for consideration.  I am considering the Mary 
Cassat as a gift for her.
Chris,
Hello from Houston.  I really enjoyed meeting with you last Saturday at your 
gallery.  Your collection of work is very impressive.
I have not received your digital pictures that you were putting together but 
I did talk with my wife about the Bonnard.  The Bonnard is my first choice of 
all the pieces we discussed.  I found an illustration of it on the net (from 
another gallery) and she liked (although - not as much as me).  I am prepared 
to purchase a Bonnard and the Radiator is my first choice.  I would like to 
establish a relationship and do business with your gallery and would like to 
know what is your best price for the piece.  I will not shop the price around 
and will make a quick decision with a credit card number.   When I get your 
response and if it is competitive, I'll confirm the purchase when I pick up 
the email.
Thanks,
Mike McConnell
PS - I will hold off on the others for now and when you send me the pictures 
I will show them to my wife for consideration.  I am considering the Mary 
Cassat as a gift for her.
Joe,
As we review all the options for Enron Japan (people and commodity/business 
plays), we would like to see how you think it should be organized to 
facilitate growth and have the biggest impact.  When you get a chance to 
examine the EGM information and get your thoughts together, lets us know your 
views and your view of the best way forward.  We have everyone thinking about 
it and we are solidifying our own thoughts as well.
It will help with Morten Erik as well.
Thanks,
Mike
Morten Erik,
Thanks for the email.  I thought it was very thorough and hits all the main 
points that we are thinking about right now.  Jeff and I are very bullish on 
the opportunities in Japan are just now focusing on the specifics.  I believe 
that will also drive the structure.  You should have received an EGM overview 
yesterday and it will be an excellent brief on what we are doing and our 
general direction.  I am very interested in having both you and Joe look at 
that and provide feedback on the opportunities in Japan  
We can talk about all of your issues later, when we are more prepared, but on 
the PRC issue, the key is not simply P&L but on transactions and growing the 
business.   I believe that these businesses with proper focus and dedication 
can grow quickly and show success even though the margins may be small.
I am glad that you are coming over and also touring Enron Europe and ENA.  It 
will help you make a better decision and we will have all of this clarified 
in the mean time.  Jeff and I will be talking about some of these points 
tomorrow as well.
Thanks,
Mike
Jeff, 
FYI.  This is an excellent email and one that addresses all the issues we 
need to make decisions on.  Lets discuss because I have some views but am 
very open to others especially when I don't really know (first hand) what 
oppts really look like there.  We need to address quickly.
Mike
Morten E Pettersen@
05/03/2001 03:15 AM
Sent by: Morten E Pettersen@
Hello Mike, 
I tried to call you several times yesterday but you were busy all the time. 
The reason why I called is that I have some questions that I will like your 
input on before I take a decision. I will try to call you later today but 
here are some of the questions.
You and Jeff talks about a senior position for me. What do you mean by that 
and what will Joe's position be. Will he still be the "president" or will he 
take a more active role on the origination side. What will Jeremy's role be. 
Today he does all these senior structuring deals with EGM products.
Focus. There are very many commodities to look at here but since we have 
limited resources at this stage we need some focus in the beginning. If we 
look at everything at once - nothing will happen.
There are two areas that looks "easy" to start with. Softs and Liquids. How 
willing are EGM to focus on these in the beginning. The reason for I call 
these areas "easy" is that there are big and very liquid liquids and soft 
markets here and it therefore will possible to do transactions early to get 
some momentum in the business. The other markets have large potential but 
will take much longer time to develop. I look at Equity/FX/Interest as 
something Darren will continue focus on.
When some of these markets start to develop and we will have some marketing 
activities/trading going on where will the books probably be and to whom will 
we report. If we do Softs will it be to Gary or will it be to Jeff. How will 
it be integrated. I have no problem with say reporting liquids etc to John 
Nowlan, Softs to Gary, weather to Mark. I think this will be a good solution 
because it will force them to follow us up and it will be easier to 
communicate strategies back and forth etc. The situation today on weather is 
something that I do not like. We have the book, but we do not have any real 
support from Houston or real responsibility. If that is the situation we will 
soon have a lot of problems. It is not a secret within Enron that the 
Singapore oil situation, coal in Asia/Australia and the weather in 
Scandinavia/Europe are not optimal. For me to take a decision I will need to 
know that there are support and willingness from all the heads of EGMs 
different commodities for developing the possibilities in this region, not 
only from you and Jeff. I do not want to use all my time fighting internal 
battles, but I know that it will be hard work to make a business grow.
Staff. In my power trading group today I have 2 managers and 9 AAs. The 
managers + 2 Asso are what I call marketing guys and the rest are analysts 
(some with trading potential). We have no one with trading background in EGM 
products so that need to be recruited. At the same time many of these AAs 
have started within the last 6 months so they are not fully Enronized so it 
would be a good idea to send over some AAs or managers to teach people models 
etc. 
You mentioned Singapore in the TC, what will happen with them?
How does EGM reward people for starting up businesses. It was almost 
impossible to get someone to help me building up the power here (both London 
and Houston). People, especially not traders, do not want to leave a 
profitable book or origination activities. Quite many got the feedback in 
last PRC that they need a number to their name, both P&L and number of 
originated deals, so they did not dare to leave. How will that be handled 
here?
I think my main strength is trading, and I prefer to do trading, but I have 
quite good origination skills. Iknow that in a start up process you need to 
do both and I am more than willing to do that. 
This was a lot of questions but to get some feedback on them are necessary 
for me to take a decision. I will probably go to London on Wednesday and 
Thursday next week to speak with Sherriff etc. I will try to call you later 
today
Morten Erik
Richard,
I sent your info on to my direct reports for evaluation.  I've also sent on 
to others as well.  If there is an interest, you will be hearing from us.
Good luck,
Mike
David,
Thanks for the email.  It did cause an interesting conversation without 
knowing what the situation was.  We all have very open relationships around 
here (it is why we are so successful as a company).  Please don't think twice 
about responding to Greg or any senior manager on an issue - but he would 
also have no issue with your response being cc back to Jeff and/or myself at 
the same time.
Thanks,
Mike
PS;  we are all thinking about P+ constantly.
I would like to invite you and a guest to join me for the annual Juvenile 
Diabetes Foundation Gala to be held on May 12, 2001 at the Westin Galleria The guest speaker this year will be General Norman Schwarzkof.
Please contact Cathy Phillips (X-36898) and let her know if you are 
interested in attending.  Thank you.
Mike
I would like to invite you and a guest to join me for the annual Juvenile 
Diabetes Foundation Gala to be held on May 12, 2001 at the Westin Galleria The guest speaker this year will be General Norman Schwarzkof.
Please contact Cathy Phillips (X-36898) and let her know if you are 
interested in attending.  Thank you.
Mike
This is fine with Mike McConnell.
Ken Rice@MUNICATIONS
05/01/2001 03:48 PM
Executive Committee:
We would like to pursue an offer to Rick Fehl prior to the next Executive 
Committee meeting on May 7, 2001.  Please forward your comments or questions 
as soon as possible 
You will find attached the recommendation letter and his resume.
Ken Rice & Kevin Hannon
Thanks for the response.
I found a beautiful Bonnard in London and NY.  I will be buying in next day 
or two.  Asking price is $9,500.  I will keep the Lautrecs in mind.  I think 
one is in my future - next.  I don't think I'll be buying one for a few 
months.
I'll get back to you.
Mike
Sorry, 3pm- 5+pm.
m
Kenneth Lay@ on 05/01/2001 06:30:06 AM
Sent by: Rosalee Fleming@
Good morning, Mike.  What time is the meeting?
Rosie
Ken,
Per my voicemail, we are having an all employee meeting on next Monday at the 
Hyatt Regency.  The purpose of this meeting is to pull everyone together for 
an update on EGM and a brief presentation from all the business units within 
EGM.  This includes about 1 hour of business and then drinks and food - we 
expect about 500 people 
We have made a lot of progress on changing the nature and profitability of 
these businesses and we want to make sure everyone sees just how far we have 
come in a few months 
I believe they will be motivated to see the growth and profitability.  We had 
a record Q1 with $100 million of gross margin.  That was 50% of what they 
made in all of 2000.  Combined with the fact that in December of 2000 alone 
we made $87 million in gross margin, I believe it will have a big impact.
If you could attend the meeting even for a few minutes it would go a long way 
in helping us drive our other point which is that the EGM businesses are now 
core to Enron and has the attention of both you and Jeff.
Thanks for considering this and let me know if you need any other information 
or assistance.
Mike 
Cindy,
Attached is a list of your rec and del points on 27161 as of Nov 1, 2001.
If you disagree with it or want to discuss some realignments, let me know.
Mark
Mark McConnell
Transwestern Pipeline Company
713-345-7896   office
713-822-4862   cell
713-646-2551   fax
mark.mcconnell@
Buehler's sick humor!  I've missed you.  Linda Ward called me and I had to let her know that Brad is my new "Main Man 
TK
This is funny! Don't have your sound up too loud.
Click on the link below, then click "Watch this movie", then click "PLAY" after it loads.
I have made note to your new email address.
When I make it over to London again, you will be one of the first that I contact.  Could you send me your home number and address?
Great luck running the search firm,
Mark
Mark,
"Godav" to you too. And great to hear from you again.
Yes, certainly the world has changed since we last met. As it turned out I was 
in the Enron building in London when it all happened on Sep 11. And to all of 
us in London, that moment has been as defining as it has been to you in the 
States. 
- With one exception: We have had terrorism here for a very long time. So much 
so that I have learned to tell the difference between the sounds of an IRA 
semtex bomb and a Palestinian fertiliser one 
And life goes on. I keep reminding everybody how many people die in the traffic 
every day, and that I shall have to go someday anyway. So even though London 
probably is high on the hit list, I have not changed my lifestyle significantly.
Now it looks like EBS definitively is closing down in Europe. Personally if 
find it a shame, since I rather valued the people in the group, but probably it 
was inevitable.
But I am pleased that you have moved into the Oil and Gas part of Enron. 
Whatever the current woes of Enron Corp, that sector is doing fine as a whole.
My own stray into telecomms components did not last long. I was out after 3 
months on the back of completely collapsing sales in the US.
Now I have ventured into Executive Search, where I am working as COO for a 
small group with 70 staff in 10 countries. I am not "hunting" myself, but 
rather involved in corporate issues such as reporting contracts and business 
development. We are hoping to place some Eastern European engineers into a 
Houston company before long, but I am not expecting to have to go there for 
some time to come.
You may notice that I am sending this e-mail from a new address. I am trying to 
face out the old one, since it has caused me endless problems. So in future 
please use the new one: martin@heelas-joergensen.com (heelas being my wife's 
maiden name).
I am very pleased to hear that you are well, but would rather hope that you 
could find an excuse to come to London, even if your pipelines do not reach 
that far 
All the best,
Martin
Forwarded Message:
4707 Laurel St
Bellaire, Tx  77401
Home Phone 713-665-4026
Cell		713-822-4862
Take care.
Mark,
Home is:
Yew Tree Cottage
Hammer Lane
Warborough
OX10 7DJ
Phone: +44 (0) 1865 - 85 85 15
Cell: +44 (0) 7973 - 85 85 15
What are yours?
Martin
 
 I have made note to your new email address.
 
 When I make it over to London again, you will be one of the first that I
 contact.  Could you send me your home number and address?
 
 Great luck running the search firm,
 
 Mark
 
No time out to report
Please submit 
Audrey D. Robertson
Transwestern Pipeline Company 
email address:  audrey.robertson@
(713) 853-5849
(713) 646-2551 Fax
Audrey D. Robertson
Transwestern Pipeline Company 
email address:  audrey.robertson@
(713) 853-5849
(713) 646-2551 Fax
** PLEASE NOTE THAT YOU HAVE BEEN ISSUED A PAPER TICKET.   YOU MUST 
HAVE THE PAPER TICKET (HARDCOPY) WITH YOU  IN ORDER TO BOARD THE FLIGHTS 
AGENT MC/MC BOOKING REF Y6R4D6
MCCONNELL/MARK
EB 1343
TTL OF 2 TKTS
ENRON BROADBAND SERVICES                ** PAPER TKTS  
DATE:  OCT 30 2001
SERVICE               DATE  FROM           TO             DEPART  ARRIVE
CONTINENTAL AIRLINES  05NOV HOUSTON TX     ALBUQUERQUE NM 540P    645P
CO 149     Q          MON   G.BUSH INTERCO INTL
TERMINAL C
NON STOP
RESERVATION CONFIRMED         2:05 DURATION
AIRCRAFT: BOEING 737-300
SEAT 14C NO SMOKING CONFIRMED MCCONNELL/MARK(
HOTEL                 05NOV HYATT REGENCY ALBUQUERQUE
06NOV 330 TIJERAS N.W
ALBUQUERQUE, NM 87102
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA
TELEPHONE: 1-505 8421234
FAX: 1-505 7666710
CONFIRMATION: HY0016445160
REFERENCE: ROMRACK
SINGLE ROOM
RATE: ENR USD 169.00 PER NIGHT
GUARANTEE GIVEN
ENRON CORP
TO AVOID BILLING CANCEL BY 6PM DAY OF ARRIVAL.
LOWER HOTEL RATES MAY BECOME AVAILABLE. PLEASE INQUIRE AT CHK IN
MESA AIRLINES         06NOV ALBUQUERQUE NM ROSWELL NM     800A    850A
YV 406     B          TUE   INTL           INDUSTRIAL
NON STOP
RESERVATION CONFIRMED         0:50 DURATION
FLIGHT OPERATED BY ZV AIR MIDWEST
COCKPIT CREW: ZV  AIR MIDWEST
CABIN CREW: ZV  AIR MIDWEST
AIRCRAFT: BEECHCRAFT 1900/1900C/1900D
MESA AIRLINES         06NOV ROSWELL NM     ALBUQUERQUE NM 330P    420P
YV 415     B          TUE   INDUSTRIAL     INTL
NON STOP
RESERVATION CONFIRMED         0:50 DURATION
FLIGHT OPERATED BY ZV AIR MIDWEST
COCKPIT CREW: ZV  AIR MIDWEST
CABIN CREW: ZV  AIR MIDWEST
AIRCRAFT: BEECHCRAFT 1900/1900C/1900D
HOTEL                 06NOV HYATT REGENCY ALBUQUERQUE
07NOV 330 TIJERAS N.W
ALBUQUERQUE, NM 87102
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA
TELEPHONE: 1-505 8421234
FAX: 1-505 7666710
CONFIRMATION: HY0016445180
REFERENCE: DBLRACK
SINGLE ROOM
RATE: ENR USD 169.00 PER NIGHT
GUARANTEE GIVEN
ENRON CORP
TO AVOID BILLING CANCEL BY 6PM DAY OF ARRIVAL.
LOWER HOTEL RATES MAY BECOME AVAILABLE. PLEASE INQUIRE AT CHK IN
CONTINENTAL AIRLINES  07NOV ALBUQUERQUE NM HOUSTON TX     1130A   230P
CO 150     Q          WED   INTL           G.BUSH INTERCO
TERMINAL C
NON STOP
RESERVATION CONFIRMED         2:00 DURATION
AIRCRAFT: BOEING 737-300
SEAT 14C NO SMOKING CONFIRMED MCCONNELL/MARK(
YOUR TICKET REFLECTS A NEGOTIATED DISCOUNT FROM THE TAP
THE PUBLISHED FARE FOR THIS TICKET IS $186.50
MISCELLANEOUS         07MAR HOUSTON TX
THU   ** THANK YOU FOR USING THE TAP  
RESERVATION NUMBER(S)  CO/UCE8G3  YV/IRCGJG
MCCONNELL/MARK  S0C0060R1110
CO  FREQUENT FLYER COUS650010
ASSISTANT AUDREY ROBERTSON 713-853-5849
INTL TVLRS: CARRY SOS WALLET CARD W/ENRONASSISTANCE INFO
CALL SOS MEDICAL EMERGENCY: IN US 800-523-6586
CALL SOS MEDICAL EMERGENCY:INTL 215 245-4707 (COLLECT)
ONLY EXIT ROW SEAT AVAILABLE TO PRE-ASSIGN, MAY NOT RECLINE
.............NEW FAA REQUIREMENTS CHECK IN AT LEAST 2 HOURS PRIOR TO FLIGHT DEPARTURE
FOR DOMESTIC, 3 HOURS FOR INTERNATIONAL.
TO GO THROUGH SECURITY YOU ARE REQUIRED TO HAVE
A PAPER TICKET AND/OR A BOARDING PASS FOR THE CURRENT DAY.
THIS IS A NON-REFUNDABLE FARE THAT REQUIRES
TRAVEL ON THESE SPECIFIC DATES AND FLIGHTS.
ANY CHANGES WILL RESULT IN A PENALTY AND/OR
ADDITIONAL COLLECTION.
As requested from Kim
Mark McConnell
Transwestern Pipeline Company
713-345-7896   office
713-822-4862   cell
713-646-2551   fax
mark.mcconnell@
My bullets would be the same as Kim's.  I think she did them last night.  If not, let me know.
Mark
Hey gang - Could you send your bullets to me by the end of today so I can compile the report for Steve this week?  Merci.
Lorraine 
AGENT MC/MC BOOKING REF Y6R4D6
MCCONNELL/MARK
EB 1343
TTL OF 2 TKTS
ENRON BROADBAND SERVICES                ** PAPER TKTS  
DATE:  NOV 02 2001
SERVICE               DATE  FROM           TO             DEPART  ARRIVE
CONTINENTAL AIRLINES  05NOV HOUSTON TX     ALBUQUERQUE NM 540P    645P
CO 149     F          MON   G.BUSH INTERCO INTL
TERMINAL C
SNACK                         NON STOP
RESERVATION CONFIRMED         2:05 DURATION
AIRCRAFT: BOEING 737-300
SEAT 01F NO SMOKING CONFIRMED MCCONNELL/MARK(
HOTEL                 05NOV HYATT REGENCY ALBUQUERQUE
06NOV 330 TIJERAS N.W
ALBUQUERQUE, NM 87102
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA
TELEPHONE: 1-505 8421234
FAX: 1-505 7666710
CONFIRMATION: HY0016445160
REFERENCE: ROMRACK
SINGLE ROOM
RATE: ENR USD 169.00 PER NIGHT
GUARANTEE GIVEN
ENRON CORP
TO AVOID BILLING CANCEL BY 6PM DAY OF ARRIVAL.
LOWER HOTEL RATES MAY BECOME AVAILABLE. PLEASE INQUIRE AT CHK IN
MESA AIRLINES         06NOV ALBUQUERQUE NM ROSWELL NM     800A    850A
YV 406     B          TUE   INTL           INDUSTRIAL
NON STOP
RESERVATION CONFIRMED         0:50 DURATION
FLIGHT OPERATED BY ZV AIR MIDWEST
COCKPIT CREW: ZV  AIR MIDWEST
CABIN CREW: ZV  AIR MIDWEST
AIRCRAFT: BEECHCRAFT 1900/1900C/1900D
MESA AIRLINES         06NOV ROSWELL NM     ALBUQUERQUE NM 330P    420P
YV 415     B          TUE   INDUSTRIAL     INTL
NON STOP
RESERVATION CONFIRMED         0:50 DURATION
FLIGHT OPERATED BY ZV AIR MIDWEST
COCKPIT CREW: ZV  AIR MIDWEST
CABIN CREW: ZV  AIR MIDWEST
AIRCRAFT: BEECHCRAFT 1900/1900C/1900D
HOTEL                 06NOV HYATT REGENCY ALBUQUERQUE
07NOV 330 TIJERAS N.W
ALBUQUERQUE, NM 87102
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA
TELEPHONE: 1-505 8421234
FAX: 1-505 7666710
CONFIRMATION: HY0016445180
REFERENCE: DBLRACK
SINGLE ROOM
RATE: ENR USD 169.00 PER NIGHT
GUARANTEE GIVEN
ENRON CORP
TO AVOID BILLING CANCEL BY 6PM DAY OF ARRIVAL.
LOWER HOTEL RATES MAY BECOME AVAILABLE. PLEASE INQUIRE AT CHK IN
CONTINENTAL AIRLINES  07NOV ALBUQUERQUE NM HOUSTON TX     1130A   230P
CO 150     F          WED   INTL           G.BUSH INTERCO
TERMINAL C
SNACK                         NON STOP
RESERVATION CONFIRMED         2:00 DURATION
AIRCRAFT: BOEING 737-300
SEAT 02E NO SMOKING CONFIRMED MCCONNELL/MARK(
MISCELLANEOUS         07MAR HOUSTON TX
THU   ** THANK YOU FOR USING THE TAP  
RESERVATION NUMBER(S)  CO/UCE8G3  YV/IRCGJG
MCCONNELL/MARK  S0C0060R1110
CO  FREQUENT FLYER COUS650010
ASSISTANT AUDREY ROBERTSON 713-853-5849
INTL TVLRS: CARRY SOS WALLET CARD W/ENRONASSISTANCE INFO
CALL SOS MEDICAL EMERGENCY: IN US 800-523-6586
CALL SOS MEDICAL EMERGENCY:INTL 215 245-4707 (COLLECT)
ONLY EXIT ROW SEAT AVAILABLE TO PRE-ASSIGN, MAY NOT RECLINE
.............NEW FAA REQUIREMENTS CHECK IN AT LEAST 2 HOURS PRIOR TO FLIGHT DEPARTURE
FOR DOMESTIC, 3 HOURS FOR INTERNATIONAL.
TO GO THROUGH SECURITY YOU ARE REQUIRED TO HAVE
A PAPER TICKET AND/OR A BOARDING PASS FOR THE CURRENT DAY.
THIS IS A NON-REFUNDABLE FARE THAT REQUIRES
TRAVEL ON THESE SPECIFIC DATES AND FLIGHTS.
ANY CHANGES WILL RESULT IN A PENALTY AND/OR
ADDITIONAL COLLECTION.
Mark McConnell
Transwestern Pipeline Company
713-345-7896   office
713-822-4862   cell
713-646-2551   fax
mark.mcconnell@
Kim,
Attached are the links to the places Sarah and I went.
Private game reserve 
Private game reserve 
Forest Lodge (enrvironmental 
Mark McConnell
Transwestern Pipeline Company
713-345-7896   office
713-822-4862   cell
713-646-2551   fax
mark.mcconnell@
Mark McConnell
Transwestern Pipeline Company
713-345-7896   office
713-822-4862   cell
713-646-2551   fax
mark.mcconnell@
yuk?  It could be perfect.  "Saturday...sunny. Highs in the upper 60s. Light southwest winds."  Although the low could be a bit chilly.
yuk
Anytime before 3:00 is currently open.
Jim Anderson will call you tomorrow afternoon.  Please let us know when
a good time is.
Susan, Mark's number at work is (713) 345-7896.
Sarah Hlavinka McConnell
Associate General Counsel
Compaq Computer Corporation
MS 110701
20555 SH 249
Houston, TX  77070-2698
Phone (281) 514-4933
I think you should answer this one!
sjs
I have found good help for Sarah, what would be a good time to call?
And the number is?
Mark Mroz
Mark McConnell
Transwestern Pipeline Company
713-345-7896   office
713-822-4862   cell
713-646-2551   fax
mark.mcconnell@
Mark McConnell
Transwestern Pipeline Company
713-345-7896   office
713-822-4862   cell
713-646-2551   fax
mark.mcconnell@
I got out of my morning meeting and Kim still wasn't in (~8:45).  I had a bad feeling.  She came in at 9:00, straight from the vet.
Mark McConnell
Transwestern Pipeline Company
713-345-7896   office
713-822-4862   cell
713-646-2551   fax
mark.mcconnell@
Howdy Heidi,
Well, your name is still on the list so that is good.  I hope all is well with you and your hubby.
Awfully weird times here in the home office.  Really strange vibes all over the building...people wondering about their jobs, sad about their retirement accounts and wonderment about how a proud (maybe too proud) Fortune 10 company could go down in ~3 weeks.  I guess it is the same or similar there too.
The pipeline group is working out.  I really like the people and am starting to get comfortable with the business and my regulated surroundings.
Please respond and let me know what you are up to and how you are doing.  I'm so sorry we didn't hook up when you were in town last time.
Mark
Mark McConnell
Transwestern Pipeline Company
713-345-7896   office
713-822-4862   cell
713-646-2551   fax
mark.mcconnell@
Thanks Eric, I'll call the guy.  If I need any more information, I'll let you know.  Thanks also for doing this so quickly.
Mark
Pipeline: The proposed location would connect to TW's Leedy Lateral, this gas goes to Ivanhoe Dehy. then routes to Bushton processing.  All of our lines are mainlines; however, it is fair to say that the Leedy Lateral gas quality can be compared to that of gathering gas quality (dehydration is required).  The capacity at the Ivanhoe dehy needs to be checked to see if additional capacity would be available for the quantity that you have in mind.
Pressure:  MAOP of Leedy Lateral varies from 1125 to 1200 psi.  Operating pressures in the past year have been between 650 and 950 psig.
Cost: Approximate 4 on 16 hot tap costs would be between $60-75K.  We can price measuring/regulating facilities when expected volume is provided to Planning.
Eric, Perry, Can one of you take this one and respond to Mark. Mark needs the answer back by tommorrow.  Thanks Dennis
Dennis,
Please have someone look at the following, including my request at the bottom.
Thanks,
Mark
_________________________________________________
Contact Information
Bracken Operating
Bill Turner 405-842-7549
Well Location
Well -  Mary Jane 1-25
Roger Mills Co., OK
S25 16N 24W
Questions
What would it cost?
Is it a Mainline or Gathering line that runs right by this well?
What is the TW line pressure?
Can I get an answer to the last 2 questions pretty quickly (by Wednesday Afternoon)?  The cost can come later.
Thanks, 
Mark
Mark McConnell
Transwestern Pipeline Company
713-345-7896   office
713-822-4862   cell
713-646-2551   fax
mark.mcconnell@
Mark McConnell
Transwestern Pipeline Company
713-345-7896   office
713-822-4862   cell
713-646-2551   fax
mark.mcconnell@
We'll get that for you.  We are awaiting a call back from Questar to confirm out days in the data room.  This coming week looks doubtful.  We'll be in touch.
Mark
Could either of you provide an address of the location of the data room?
Thanks, LD
Kim, Mark listed below are the ETS Operations employees that will participate in the Southern Trails due diligence October 29th and 30th in Salt Lake City, Utah.
L.D. Stephens - Team Leader/Operations
Larry Campbell - Environmental
???????? - ROW (To be determined by Johnny McGee and communicated directly to you)
Mike Ames - Pipeline Safety
As discussed, these employees will arrive in Salt Lake, Sunday evening, October 28th prepared to go to the data room Monday 29th and Tuesday 30th.  They will return to their respective home locations Wednesday morning, October 31st.
Please provide a Questar contact person and address of the data room.  If you could also provide the name of a hotel close to the data room, it would be appreciated.
Names of other Enron parties participating in the due diligence and where they are staying would be helpful.  Any specific limitations imposed upon the data room review
should be communicated as soon as possible.
Morris Brassfield (Operations Support) and Jerry Martin (E&C) have determined that it is not necessary for them to have personnel attend the data room.  The operations team will retrieve as much information as possible to support their needs.  It was also my understanding no one from Planning and System Optimization would participate.
As I will be out of town the rest of the week, please communicate directly with these individuals via e mail.  If you need to need to contact me, I can be reached at 713-303-2764.
Don
When: Wednesday, November 14, 2001 1:30 PM-2:00 PM (GMT-06:00) Central Time (US & Canada).
Where: 1336
Monday night and Tuesday?  Craig got a special deal to play golf for half price at a nice course in San Antonio.  I told him yes but I needed to check with you.  I moved our Hoffman meeting back to 5:00 on Tuesday.   I still am committed to play golf on Wednesday as well.  Let me know if this interferes with any plans or if you don't think you'll be seeing enough of me.
smoootch
ps  I've left a message for Greg with the receptionist from his group.  I still don't know if he is here.
Mark
Mark McConnell
Transwestern Pipeline Company
713-345-7896   office
713-822-4862   cell
713-646-2551   fax
mark.mcconnell@
I spoke to him and he is here and well.  He can be reached at 713-345-9592 or greg.phillips@.  He says "Hello".
I love you 
Mark McConnell
Transwestern Pipeline Company
713-345-7896   office
713-822-4862   cell
713-646-2551   fax
mark.mcconnell@
No time off to report.
Mark
Please submit 
Audrey D. Robertson
Transwestern Pipeline Company 
email address:  audrey.robertson@
(713) 853-5849
(713) 646-2551 Fax
CPQ	  +.44   +4.4%  $10.44
ENE	   -.70    -7%	$9.30
Mark McConnell
Transwestern Pipeline Company
713-345-7896   office
713-822-4862   cell
713-646-2551   fax
mark.mcconnell@
When: Wednesday, December 05, 2001 2:00 PM-3:00 PM (GMT-06:00) Central Time (US & Canada).
Where: EB1336
Audrey,
Please book room 1336 for a meeting with Reliant on Wednesday Dec 5 at 2:00 until 3:30.
If it is already booked, please let me know.
Thanks,
Mark
Mark McConnell
Transwestern Pipeline Company
713-345-7896   office
713-822-4862   cell
713-646-2551   fax
mark.mcconnell@
Attached is my request form.
Thanks,
Mark
Paul and Mark:
Please fill out the attached Internal Security Access Request including your ID under the required information.  Please return the form electronically for process. 
If you have any questions do not hesitate to call me at 36142.
Thanks,
Maggie Matheson
Dennis,
To follow up from our meeting today, please provide the delivery report that includes the following:
WHAT	Total volumes (by month) delivered to primary delivery points versus alternate delivery points
WHEN	For the period of 5/00 thru 10/31
WHERE	For all delivery points West of Thoreau (including: Calif pool, Window Rock, PGE/Mojave Topock and SOCAL Needles)
WHO	Send to William Rapp (legal), Kim Watson and myself
This information will be used to respond to criticism by the California PUC.  I believe that Bill Rapp is wanting to respond by early Wednesday so if he could get these numbers by end of day Monday, I'm sure he'd appreciate it.
Thanks for your help,
Mark
Mark McConnell
Transwestern Pipeline Company
713-345-7896   office
713-822-4862   cell
713-646-2551   fax
mark.mcconnell@
Nice picture.  It should do.
Judy,
I would like for you to keep this photo for a special project that I am
going to ask you to do.
Thanks.
Sarah
Mark: The following are certain Right-of-Way needs and/or questions.
1. Are the ROW records located in Salt Lake City or Long Beach, CA?
2. Does Questar have a ROW data base? If so, can they prepare a report, which would identify product limitation (i.e. Crude Oil specific), multiple line rights, pipeline size limitations, assignability, consent, etc.
3. An Encroachment report.
4. A Rental/Term report.
5. A report identifying any known curative problems.
6. Can they identify whether the following problems that existed in 1997 have been cured?
a. BLM issues RE: Contract Purchasers vs. Land Patents
b. Pipeline lies outside of defined R/W in certain locations
c. Railroad licenses sold to municipal entities that may have required new terms and rental amounts
d. Relocations
i. Anaheim Hills
ii. Morongo Indian Tribe (possible Union Pacific Railroad R/W longitudinal occupation vs. private)
e. Franchise Agreements
7. Will new pipe be required for connection of Four Corners pipeline to existing Transwestern pipeline system? If so, would this be across the Fort Mohave Indian Reservation in Mohave County, AZ?
It is my understanding that this due diligence will not involve the balance of Arizona, which includes the Navajos', Hopis' and the Bennett Freeze area (disputed tribal lands). Is this correct?	 [McConnell, Mark]  YES, the West Leg only includes California. 
It just goes to show.... If you just keep winning, things usually work out.  Good luck at Texas Stadium.
Mark
Mark McConnell
Transwestern Pipeline Company
713-345-7896   office
713-822-4862   cell
713-646-2551   fax
mark.mcconnell@
Debbie,
I can't remember if I responded to you....I took vacation all last week.
Things are fine in my little corner (as good as can be expected).  A bit sad for a lot of other people around here.
As soon as I get caught up, I'll give you a call.
Mark
So how are things in your shop?
Debbie Batten
Duke Energy NGL Services
Phone:  713/627-6284
Fax:  713/627-6275
GO GET 'EM
I really can't believe things happened the way they did.  I thought everything was set for you guys to get another opportunity for the national championship.  I also thought the case for Roy Williams to win the Heisman would become really strong.  I didn't get to watch the OU-OSU game, but I received about 30 phone calls the last two minutes of the game.
I am excited that some breaks have gone our way, but it will be difficult to beat CU twice in one season.  Also, I am not sure that I want to ever play Miami after seeing them the last two weeks.
Don't be too upset, you guys are going to be tough next year and you are riding a two year win streak on us right now....(11-0 would sound a lot better than 10-1).
I'll be heading to Dallas early Saturday morning 
Take care,
Zac
It just goes to show.... If you just keep winning, things usually work out.  Good luck at Texas Stadium.
Mark
Mark McConnell
Transwestern Pipeline Company
713-345-7896   office
713-822-4862   cell
713-646-2551   fax
mark.mcconnell@
Marissa,
Hey!  Just thinking about you.  I hope all is well out west.  Things here are sure interesting.  You should be very happy that you are not still here going through this stuff.  I feel pretty fortunate to be in the pipeline group.  This group is pretty lean so hopefully, there won't be many cuts (although I am the new boy in the group).  Many of the other groups are getting pretty anxious, including our former bunch.  We should find out pretty soon.
I was in Salt Lake City a couple of weeks ago and I called Rhondo.  He is working for the IOC and is in charge of all the fund raising for the Olympic charities.  It seems to be right up his ally.  He asked me to tell you hello.
Sarah and I took vacation last week.  I played golf in San Antonio (La Cantarra - in case Will is wondering - excellent course) and also played here in Houston with Frank, Marc and Bradford Brooks.  It was fun.
Please write back and let me know how you are doing.  How's the job, How's Will, How's LA, How was Thanksgiving...many questions.
Mark
Mark McConnell
Transwestern Pipeline Company
713-345-7896   office
713-822-4862   cell
713-646-2551   fax
mark.mcconnell@
Do you prefer that I take out the added language for future agreements?
Mark,
This looks fine. 
Bill,
Attached is the confidentiality agreement that we are signing with Aquila.  It was originated out of our legal group but Aquila added:
2. 	(iv)
7.  	"for a period of two years."
I would like to use it for Reliant too.  Any problem with that?  Please let me know.
Mark  
Mark McConnell
Transwestern Pipeline Company
713-345-7896   office
713-822-4862   cell
713-646-2551   fax
mark.mcconnell@
Pat,
Howdy 
What is going on?  I heard from Erica that she may have some decisions to make soon.  Are you going through the same thing?  I'm interested to know.
I heard from Andy Maus last week.  He is doing some contract work for Enron.  He and his family are enjoying Denver.
Please call or email me.
I hope all is well.
Mark
Mark McConnell
Transwestern Pipeline Company
713-345-7896   office
713-822-4862   cell
713-646-2551   fax
mark.mcconnell@
13451 Belhaven Dr
Houston, Tx  77069
Sarah Hlavinka McConnell
Associate General Counsel
Compaq Computer Corporation
MS 110701
20555 SH 249
Houston, TX  77070-2698
Phone (281) 514-4933
Facsimile (281) 518-7501
sarah.mcconnell@compaq.com  
Please look at the attached.  If there are some things missing, please let me know.  If some things on the list are not applicable, please note that too. Just send your deletions/additions to me via email.  If you can get this to me by the end of the day Wednesday, that would allow us to proceed with Questar all the sooner.
Thanks,
Mark
Mark McConnell
Transwestern Pipeline Company
713-345-7896   office
713-822-4862   cell
713-646-2551   fax
mark.mcconnell@
I am available
Please let me know ASAP whether or not you are available for the above-referenced meeting tomorrow, 10/23/01, 2:30pm for 30 minutes.
Local people meet in Lee Huber's office (EB4781); she will call Greg Porter.
Denise LaGesse
Enron Transportation Services
1400 Smith Street (77002-7361)
P.O. Box 1188
Houston, Texas 77251-1188
denise.lagesse@ 
ph 713-853-6704
fax 713-853-5425
as requested
The following 2 scenarios were run and meet our return requirements.  The total volume of 306 comes from the 240 suggested starting volumes and the additional volumes come from expiring El Paso/MGI transportation agreements.
_______________________________
1)  306 total volume
240 @ $.2479 for yrs 1-15
26 @ $.2479 for yrs 3-15
40 @ $.2479 for yrs 4-15
2)  306 total volume
240 @ $.2600 for yrs 1-15
26 @ $.1883 for yrs 3-15
40 @ $.1883 for yrs 4-15
_______________________________
We would suggest Showing PEMEX either scenario but using the round numbers of $.25 (instead of $.2479) for scenario 1 and $.19 (instead of $.1883) for scenario 2.
Please let me know if you have a preference.  We would like to fax one of these scenarios to Jorge @ 3:00 today so that they can digest it and use it for a starting point for tomorrow's meeting.
Call me if you have any questions.
Mark 
Mark McConnell
Transwestern Pipeline Company
713-345-7896   office
713-822-4862   cell
713-646-2551   fax
mark.mcconnell@
The total for the "Boss's Day" lunch = $230.  Could you each provide me with $38?
Thanks,
Mark
Mark McConnell
Transwestern Pipeline Company
713-345-7896   office
713-822-4862   cell
713-646-2551   fax
mark.mcconnell@
With some kind guidance from the veterans around here, I'd be glad to do it.  If it can wait a couple of days.
Mark
Everyone,
Looking for a volunteer to market TW to this new power plant so that they will take the supplies off our pipe.  Any takers?
Kim.
Supplies have not been lined up as of yet.  They are waiting to get farther along on the permits.
TK
TK, just checking to see if you have heard who may be supplying the supply for this plant?
Thanks, Kim.
Can we contact them to find out about how they plan to get their gas supply? I know Stan will ask me about this one.
Regent Energy in Pact to Develop 500 MW Plant 
Regent Energy recently executed a contract with Millennium Energy Ventures, a private Houston-based venture capital and project development company, to develop an electric plant with 500 MW generating capacity on Regent's Horseshoe Gallup lease in San Juan County, NM. 
Regent will own 75% of the project, while MEVCO will own the remaining 25%. The estimated cost of the project comes in at $250 million. 
Under the agreement, MEVCO will manage the permitting, estimated at 6 to 9 months, and construction process, arranging the equity as needed for same. Regent will be prepared to give up 50% (total) of its 75% net for the financing, netting a 25% interest following the equity/debt financing. 
Further terms of the agreement provide that MEVCO will assist Regent in the acquisition of several gas fields in the Four Corners area, San Juan and Rio Ariba Counties of New Mexico, totaling an estimated 90+ Bcf and 20 MMcf/d current production. This production will be sufficient to power 100 MW of the power plant, with the remaining supply to be aggregated from other San Juan producers. 
MEVCO Managing Director Phillip Gennarelli noted, "We are pleased to be involved in this project with Regent. The addition of more producing properties in the area that we bring Regent, coupled with Regent's Horseshoe Gallup holdings, which are in direct proximity with the existing Four Corners Power Plant and the route of the recently announced Sonoran Pipeline venture of Calpine and Kinder Morgan, will provide an unequaled opportunity for both companies Regent President John Ehrman said, "The additional production from producing properties which MEVCO is assisting Regent in purchasing, currently producing some $1.5 million per month in net operating income, coupled with the additional income through power generation helps Regent to maximize the location of our holdings in relation to the proximity of the existing power plant and transmission lines to key electricity markets in Los Angeles and other western markets. It is a good use of our surface lease, not related to the current proved mineral reserves of the lease The producing oil and properties which MEVCO is assisting Regent in purchasing are in Regent's core area of the Four Corners region near Farmington, NM. Regent will be required to finance the acquisition of the oil and gas proven producing properties under consideration. 
Recently, Regent announced that it was in the process of purchasing the interests of all remaining working interest owners in the field, a transaction that is expected to be consummated by the end of the third quarter 2001, giving Regent 100% ownership of the current minerals on the lease. 
Mr. Joergensen,
A big "Howdy" from your Texas friend 
I was so glad to get your voice message the other day (week).  It is always nice to pick up a voicemail and have it turn out to be a colleague from the not so distant past.  I hope you and your family are doing well.
As EBS changed direction, I did as well.  I decided to get back to my roots in the gas and gas asset business.  I looked inside of Enron and also with some outside companies and decided to work with Transwestern pipeline (an Enron company).  I've been here for about a month and all is well.  The people here are very nice and very genuine (just like my old friends from London).  It is weird to actually have a product to sell - if you know what I mean.  I think I'll like it but I'm already missing my travels in your neck of the woods.  Also, I'm home so much now, my wife doesn't know what to do with me.
I'm still saddened by the demised of our Blockbuster/VOD deal.  It was a great concept and it worked.  Oh well.  We'll see it someday, I'm just not sure who is going to win the race on getting it to the public in bulk.
Christian sent an email to me and he seems to be doing fine, loving Rio but still looking for a job.  Speaking of that, I hope your job is going well and as secure as it can be in today's climate.
It is a strange time here in America.  The terrorist attacks, the retaliation in Afghanistan and the constant update on new discoveries of the spread of Anthrax are constantly being talked about and on every news channel.  It is amazing how a handful of people can create such sadness and effect the world in so many ways.  There is no doubt that the spirit of the people will prevail.
Take care Martin.  It was great to hear your voice.
Mark 
Mark McConnell
Transwestern Pipeline Company
713-345-7896   office
713-822-4862   cell
713-646-2551   fax
mark.mcconnell@
Jim Curry attend for Robert Guthrie.
Guthrie:  are you planning on attending?  Is this the asset purchase?
We are planning on meeting on Monday, October 22nd from 10:00 to 11:00 to discuss the Southern Trails Pipeline West Leg data room.  We will meet in EN 1336.  During this meeting, we will discuss:
General description of the project
What data needs to be requested to be included in the data room
Assignments in the data room
Timing of visiting the data room
Please contact me if you are unable to attend or need to send a substitute representative.
Thanks,
Mark
Mark McConnell
Transwestern Pipeline Company
713-345-7896   office
713-822-4862   cell
713-646-2551   fax
mark.mcconnell@
This is an asset purchase (a mothballed oil pipeline for conversion to nat gas).  Robert Guthrie did not attend.
Guthrie:  are you planning on attending?  Is this the asset purchase?
We are planning on meeting on Monday, October 22nd from 10:00 to 11:00 to discuss the Southern Trails Pipeline West Leg data room.  We will meet in EN 1336.  During this meeting, we will discuss:
General description of the project
What data needs to be requested to be included in the data room
Assignments in the data room
Timing of visiting the data room
Please contact me if you are unable to attend or need to send a substitute representative.
Thanks,
Mark
Mark McConnell
Transwestern Pipeline Company
713-345-7896   office
713-822-4862   cell
713-646-2551   fax
mark.mcconnell@
We are planning on meeting on Monday, October 22nd from 10:00 to 11:00 to discuss the Southern Trails Pipeline West Leg data room.  We will meet in EN 1336.  During this meeting, we will discuss:
General description of the project
What data needs to be requested to be included in the data room
Assignments in the data room
Timing of visiting the data room
Please contact me if you are unable to attend or need to send a substitute representative.
Thanks,
Mark
Mark McConnell
Transwestern Pipeline Company
713-345-7896   office
713-822-4862   cell
713-646-2551   fax
mark.mcconnell@
Mark -
Here's some practice for pheasants in Nebraska.
Dad
 Hey guys!  This is FUN!