I want playoff tickets but am undecided about next year.
I have gotten the form to sign up and pay for 2001 playoff tickets.  All the
other participants have agreed to join in.  We will have some sort of
lottery to determine ticket usage.  Unused tickets will be credited to next
years season tickets.
please email or call  by Friday Sept 7 me to discuss whether you are in
dmp
If you are not the intended recipient, any disclosure, copying, distribution
or any action taken or omitted to be taken in reliance on it, is prohibited
and may be unlawful. When addressed to our clients any opinions or advice
contained in this email are subject to the terms and conditions expressed in
the governing KPMG client engagement letter.
Can you guys handle this in my absence
Dan:
(cc Richard Sanders and Gary Fergus)
I have a document by someone named Marty Howard, who I believe may be
associated with Portland General. The document was sent to me by Richard
Tabors. According to the email Howard used to work for McCullough.
After a very brief read through, I think it tries to show that the
statistical link between prices in CA and the PNW was WEAK in peak hours. I
suppose they are trying to show that the "contagion" effect from California
show not be an issue? I have some problems from an initial read with the
econometric analysis, but I have not yet reviewed it fully.
However, it also leaves open the very possibility that was discussed earlier
on the call. If there is a refund, and it is based on some notion of "PNW
prices", it could be a very large one. I think we need to consider this
issue quite carefully.
Seabron
This e-mail, and any attachments thereto, is intended only for use by the
addressee(s) named herein and may contain legally privileged and/or
confidential information.  If you are not the intended recipient of this
e-mail, you are hereby notified that any dissemination, distribution or
copying of this e-mail, and any attachments thereto, is strictly
prohibited.
If you have received this e-mail in error, please immediately notify me at
(617) 354-0060 and permanently delete the original and any copy of any
e-mail and any printout thereof.
Seabron Adamson
Frontier Economics Inc
Two Brattle Square
Cambridge, MA 02138 USA
Ph:  (617) 354-0060
Fax: (617) 354-0640
seabron.adamson@frontier-economics.com
www.frontier-economics.com
I am assuming that this is just an FYI. If so, dont respond back
Since this is an insurance claim, I am leaving it to Bob to handle (per Jim Derrick's policy manual).  As to the last sentence of your e-mail...have you been talking to my mother? 
ATTORNEY-CLIENT COMMUNICATION; PRIVILEGED AND CONFIDENTIAL
Tom and Mike:
As you may know, NEPCO and the project Owners are named in a personal injury
lawsuit that was served on NEPCO earlier this month in Cook County,
Illinois.  I tender the case by letter to Dick Corp for their defense and
indemnity since it involved one their employees who broke his leg on the
jobsite in Kendall, Illinois.  I cited paragraph 4 (b) and (d) of the JVA as
my authority for shifting the risk to Dick, however was silent on Paragraph
11 and 19 which actually says we should have purchased a GL policy for the
JV to protect the JV and its partners.  As a cost saving measure agreed by
the JV partners, no policy was purchase because each Dick and NEPCO would
rely on the GL policy of their own (Dick's and Enron's) to protect
themselves against third party claims. Paragraph 19 is an indemnity which
states the JV partners share risk 50/50 without respect to who is at fault
except for willful actions.  It also states the JV will indemnify the JV
members, which only works if the JV had purchased a GL policy and in the
absence of a GL policy then the intent would be that each party will utilize
the others GL policy and share in the deductible cost.  Dick has responded
in writing and said it will defend and indemnity NEPCO through its GL policy
(Travelers) but says the JV partners must share in their $250,000
deductible, or $125K per partner.  That hurts, but not as bad as if this
were handled by Enron's policy which has a self insured deductible of $2
Million.
In the end, I agree to some extent with Dick's response for pure third party
claims, but I have some trouble with the concept of claims coming from their
own employees of which they would have immunity from suit under the workers
compensation act.  Dick pays up to it's cap on liability under the WC act
and then theoretically has 50% deductible liability under the GL policy for
claims against the other JV partner.  Had this not been a JV relationship,
we would have had Dick paying all of the defense and indemnity as a
subcontractor.  The JVA is silent on this split in liability for claims by
either parties' own employees, however, I look back to the paragraphs I
cited to Roger Peters (Par. 4 (b) and (d)) and they say with respect to
subcontracts, of which Dick and NEPCO were expected to perform their
respective scopes of work under (see 4 (b)), each such subcontract shall
oblige the subcontractor to indemnify the JV and each of the parties from
and against all expense, liability and claims resulting from its
construction/engineering work.  This language would say that Dick should
take 100% of the claim 
The bottom line, the JVA is vague in respect to claims by its own employees.
If this were the only claim, I would say lets share the loss because the
benefit and exposure flows both ways.  In reality though, most if not all of
the claims will come from construction workers (Dick employees).  So sharing
the loss is not reasonable especially since the Travelers lawyer has said
the common practice of Union hired employees in the Chicago area is to bring
numerous accident injury claims against owners and GCs as the project winds
down.  He said to expect more claims like this because he sees this on other
Dick jobs.
Gail and Bob,  This message is more for informational purposes since the
claim has been accepted by Dick Corp although Travelers did not afford me
much selection of counsel since they went ahead and assigned it to a Chicago
lawyer, Chic Marasa.  His number and address is:  (312) 345-7229, Law
offices of Chic Marasa, One East Wacker Drive, Suite 3450, Chicago, Illinois
60601.  We may want to have one of you monitor the outside lawyer hired by
Travelers and make sure our interests are served.  I sent the complaint and
my tender letter to Richard Sanders on August 10th.  Gail,  I spoke to Chic
and he sounds nice, single and available if you are interested. Juuust
kidding.
David H. Lund, Jr.
Assistant General Counsel
National Energy Production Corporation
11831 North Creek Parkway N.
Bothell, WA 98011
425-415-3138
Fax: 425-415-3032
David.Lund@nepco.com or davidlu@nepco.com
Andy, can you call her re Berry. Thanks
Richard,
I am working with Brandi Morris on the Ice Drilling and Qualitech assets.  Would you mind sending me an update on the Ice Drilling case as well as on the Berry Group lawsuit?
Thanks for your help,
Rakhi
(x3-7871)
If you have not already done so,can you get back to Jim. Thanks
Please let me have your recommendation re the possible extention of coverage.  Thank you. Jim
Mr. Derrick, I am directing this email to your attention at the request of Mr. Jim Bouillion for consideration of extending coverage to Nepco, pursuant to the EMPLOYMENT PRACTICES LIABILITY ENDORSEMENT on our Directors & Officers policy.
We have reviewed the Petition wherein a former iron worker of Nepco alleges damages as a result of being terminated, in violation of Title 85 O.S. d 5.  The Plaintiff sustained an on the job injury on April 6, 2001, when he was struck by a crane.  He received workers compensation benefits.  He allegedly re-injured his back on June 15, 2001.  The Plaintiff alleges that "several hours after notifying his employer of re-injuring his back, Plaintiff was summarily terminated by Defendant."  The "Plaintiff alleges that a significant part of Defendant's decision to terminate him was because of his injury and because he exercised his rights under the Workers Compensation Act."  The Petition goes on to state that the Defendant's actions "were done in reckless disregard for the rights of the Plaintiff and/or were wanton and motivated by oppression, fraud and/or malice" and thus includes a count for punitive damages.  Suit is filed in Tulsa County, State of Oklahoma, with an Answer date of before September 4, 2001.
Our preliminary review of the Petition, absent any independent investigation or knowledge with respect to the allegations and the value placed on same, suggests there might be coverage for this loss under the Directors & Officers policy.  The definition of "WRONGFUL EMPLOYMENT PRACTICE" includes "the actual or constructive termination of a career opportunity, or employment discipline or evaluation in a manner which violates any local, state, or federal law, whether existing by statute or common law, or which breaches any implied contract to continue employment"...It is doubtful this matter would exceed the $1M policy deductible.
Please advise if you would like for us to extent coverage to Nepco.  According to the information provided, the matter has been assigned to Bonnie White of the Litigation Unit and is being overseen by Richard Sanders of ENA.
Thanks,
Rob Cole, Manager-Claims
ENA - Global Risk Markets
P.O. Box 1188 (77251-1188)
1400 Smith Street, EB2136F
Houston, Texas  77002
713-853-7739 (telephone)
713-646-2341 (facsimile)
Rob.Cole@ (email)
Please get to the bottom of this and report back to me. Thanks.
Richard, I have had a request from Denise LaGesse (at Lou's request) to remove the Enron Litigation Unit charges on this matter from their operating company (ETS) and charge them to ENA instead.  We have billed ETS 5 times since January, the total amount of the billings being $4,678.47.  If you are in agreement with this transfer of charges, please provide the company # and cost center # that you would like me to have them transferred to.  I can forward details of these billings to you by fax or mail.  Let me know your preference.  Thank you.
Denise, I will need your company # and cost center # as well.
Thank you.
Becky A. Stephens
Support Services Coordinator
Enron Litigation Unit, EB4809
becky.stephens@  713.853.5025
713.853.6576 fax
Sorry for the overreaction on Fri. I was having a very bad hair day. It seems like no harm, no foul. I need you to keep your finger on the pulse on this issue. I called Zach Starbird( Mirant) about the issue and he was surprised that Mirant had voted in favor. Can you call Brian Holman and see where they stand. If you know any of the other attys well enough, please call them and lobby them also.I am in South America this week, but would like to be on the conf. call thurs. Can you make sure I have the #s.
With respect to the PX settlement, I am an unenthusiastic supporter. Please let me know if the proposal changes.
Richard, sorry about the mix up.  The damage has been undone with a call to Weg and Cohen changing our vote to a loud no.  I apologize.  I really don't want to be out in front of the client, particularly in a case in which I myself cringe at the creative ways lawyers are coming up with to keep themselves busy.  When I couldn't reach you before the committee conference, I called Lisa to ascertain whether she still was in the PX loop.  We talked about the committee call.  She actually participated for the first few minutes to express her view that our committee should not be filing in formal motion to expand the PG & E committee.  We briefly discussed the arbitration issue, and she did not appear adverse to commencement of the arbitration.  Maybe that wasn't formal clearance to vote.  Lesson learned.  I want to avoid any such problem in the future.  Unless I hear otherwise from you, on substantive issues I won't vote until I clear positions with you personally.  However, we have to find a better way for me to get your take on particular points because they will continue to arise as Weg and Cohen (not to mention other attorneys who participate on the committee) urge the committee to take actions in the interest of discharging our fiduciary duty.  Case in point, the Weg settlement.  Have you decided whether to withdraw the approval you previously communicated.  If it would help the communication, I'm perfectly willing to talk with you evenings or weekends.  Then again, you wife might react like mine if her privacy at home is interrupted.  In any event, assuming that Enron wants to stay on the committee, probably a good idea just to reign in the lawyers, let me know how we can most effectively communicate so that I know your position and can convey it when you are not available for a call.  Incidentally, with you impending trip, feel free to call me over the weekend at 626-683-7644 if you want to discuss this further.  Bob
" If possible, don't sign a lease until I get back. If you need a immediate answer, let me know.
Mike,
I understand that you will be signing the lease for the repository.
Attached please find (1) the lease, (2) attachment A to the lease, and (3)
an outstanding invoice.
Please note, I spoke with Tracy Wilson today at the Capitol Mall Executive
Center.  She is expecting early next week the signed lease as well as the
rent payment reflected in the invoice.
Please let me know if you have any questions.
Peter Meringolo
- leaseinvoice.pdf   - leaseagtexha.pdf   - leaseagt.pdf  
- soccer letter.doc 
I left you a voice mail this am. Check it
I am going there today.Kirby
>>  I assume that you have handled this. If not, let me know what I (we) need
to do.
Sent:   Tuesday, August 28, 2001 12:35 PM
Can you send them 2 months' rent and tell them the person from Enron who
needs to sign the lease is out of the country? Or if you want , I will
bring a check up to Sacramento on Wed to pay them. Let me know today as
I am flying to SFO late today.
>> "Meringolo, Peter"     Mike,
I assume that you are in charge of the finalizing of the repository
lease,
and that you will be in touch with the folks at the building regarding
status.  I am not sure how long we can go without sending them a check.
Let me know if you need my help.
Peter
If possible, don't sign a lease until I get back. If you need a
immediate
answer, let me know.
[mailto:IMCEANOTES-+22Meringolo+2C+20Peter+22+20+3CPMeringolo+40brobeck+2Eco
m+3E+40ENRON@]
Sent:   Friday, August 24, 2001 7:46 M
Mike,
I understand that you will be signing the lease for the repository.
Attached please find (1) the lease, (2) attachment A to the lease,
and
(3)
an outstanding invoice.
Please note, I spoke with Tracy Wilson today at the Capitol Mall
Executive
Center.  She is expecting early next week the signed lease as well as
the
rent payment reflected in the invoice.
Please let me know if you have any questions.
Peter Meringolo
and
may  
- leaseinvoice.pdf         - leaseagtexha.pdf         - leaseagt.pdf  
may  
The information contained in this e-mail message and any accompanying
documents is subject to the attorney-client privilege and/or the
attorney work product rule and is confidential business information
intended only for the use of the individual or entity named above.  The
information herein may also be protected by the Electronic
Communications Privacy Act, 18 U.S.C. ?? 2510-2521.  If the reader of
this message is not the intended recipient or representative of the
recipient, you are hereby notified that any dissemination of this
communication is strictly prohibited.  If you have received this
communication in error, please notify the Systems Administrator at
admin@pkns.com and immediately delete this message from your system.
Are you ok? Can you make this call?
Richard & Lisa:  I understand from Carl that there is a call with some of the generators tomorrow to discuss the foregoing.  In that respect, I am forwarding a brief memo that we prepared a number of months ago (prior to PG&E's filing) regarding some of the issues/considerations that potentially would arise if Enron Wind were to file an involuntary petition against SCE.  The memo is a bit "dated" but I nonetheless thought it might be helpful to you to some extent in terms of setting forth some of the relevant considerations that arise in the involuntary context.  Please let me know if you would like any follow up on any of this prior to the call.  Thanks  John
John Klauberg
LeBoeuf, Lamb, Greene & MacRae, L.L.P.
212 424-8125
john.klauberg@llgm.com
What is this about? I am here all week.
Our attys are at Lebouef, Lamb in New York. I cannot get them by e-mail or phone.. We probably need to postpone.
I think the time for the call is actually 9:30 central, not eastern.  I
just tried to dial in, etc.  Talk with everyone at 9:30 central.
Sheryl
"Sanders, Richard
This time is good for Enron. We will talk to you then.
Lets talk at 9:30, if only to reschedule
This is clearly a crisis of international proportion.  We will obviously
defer to the moment.
At the risk of sounding irreverent, however, timing in California remains
critical.  We would very much like to have Enron on board in the event we
file an involuntary petition today or early tomorrow.
Our attys are at Lebouef, Lamb in New York. I cannot get them by e-mail
or phone.. We probably need to postpone.
That is probably our lawsuit. Joint Energy Development Investments (JEDI) is an Enron LLC with Calpers-- the California State pension fund. Lets take a look.
FYI.  I'll keep you informed of our efforts to find the suit, assuming one has been filed.
No.  We don't have computer access to the Midland State Court, but our investigator was trying to work with the Clerk to assess captions of recently filed cases  
We went back through the Harris County filing reports, and Ben Hall did file, a couple weeks ago, a case in the 281st styled "Costilla Energy v. Joint Energy Developers"... I've instructed our investigator to get a copy of the pleading, but it didn't sound like the suit we were anticipating 
Did you find anything in Galveston, Midland or elsewhere indicating that there was a lawsuit filed? 
I heard that Enron's buildings are being evacuated.  In view of the chaos, I am assuming we will not be meeting this afternoon.  Call me if that's not right. 
Thanks
Dan
Daniel B. Shilliday
Vinson & Elkins, LLP
Suite 3000, First City Tower
1001 Fannin
Houston Texas  77002-6760
phone  713-758-3440
fax    713-615-5069
++++++ ++++++ I'd like to attend. Please get w/Twanda.
I assume this is now rescheduled.  I would like to attend when rescheduled.
dws
There will be a meeting with our outside counsel, Doak Bishop and Will Russell Tuesday at 4:00pm in 20C3 of 3AC to discuss the legal issues associated with SECLP plant and the CDE.   You are both invited to attend if it is convenient, otherwise we can brief you later in the week.
,
Michelle 
Fyi. I told her not to go because we had too many other problems. I do need to develope a plan to deal with FCPA. I would like to mninmize her involvement, but fear this will upset Derrick and Walls. Any suggestions?
Soojin, it appears we will need to postpone the training.  While this is not related to yesterday's events, I am in the middle of a major crisis involving one of our projects in Brazil and have been asked not to come to Korea until it is resolved.  I will be sending the materials, the presentation and the new policy by email and will contact Mr. Kinder about rescheduling.  I know there was some urgency in having this training before the end of September, and perhaps you can forward the materials and power point on to those who were to attend for their review in the meantime.
I apologize for the delay in responding, but I hoped we could get this resolved in time for my trip to Korea, but unfortunately some things are beyond our control.  I appreciate your diligence in trying to make these arrangements for me.
,
Michelle
Stephanie,
Any news?  In light of  tragic events that took place yesterday in the United States, We would like to confirm Michelle's flight itinerary.  We are in urge to arrange this training if it is scheuled for early next week as planned.  Please advise soonest.
Thanks,
Soojin 
Will await for your resonse.  Thank you again.
Soojin
Michelle just recently returned from Brazil (after a three week stay) and had all day meetings on Thursday and Friday.  She has not had a chance to review all of her emails.  Having said that, Michelle and I will respond as soon as possible.  I am not privy to the information you are requesting.  Thank you for your cooperation.
Stephanie,
I have sent a mesage attention to MS. Blaine last week and haven't got any response yet.  I am wondering if you can help us to find out the informations that I requested to her in the below message (Training Agenda, materials etc We need to have more informations prior to her arrival in Seoul so that we will be able to coordinate the presentation for whole staffs including our subsidiary company employees.
Thanks for your collaboration.
Thanks,
Soojin
Ms. Blaine,
Greetings from Korea!
I am Soojin Hwang and assistant to Darrell Kinder of SK-Enron in Seoul, Korea.  I have heard that you are planning to come to Korea on Sep. 17 to conduct FCPA training.  Would you please give me some more details on training (Duration, who has to attend?, equipments (laser projects etc), training materials?) so that I will be able coordinate with legal person in SK-Enron prior to your arrival.
Thank you,
Soojin
Anthony,  I just spoke with Michelle Blaine's assistant.  Michelle is planning to be in Korea the week of September 17th and would like to conduct the training sometime during that Monday to Thursday.  I will let you know when the date is confirmed.
Also, are you having a regional meeting in Singapore this fall?  I thought it might be a good chance for Michelle to present the FCPA training to the whole group.  The presentation takes one hour.  We are making an effort to provide the training to EBS before year-end, so it would be great to have the Asia region trained as well  
Please let me know what you think.  Thank you, Michelle 
Can't make it. That is my son's third birthday. Maybe I should bring him and the rest of my family(and inlaws) and try to pass it off as a joint celebration.
In order to celebrate the successful conclusion of the Duke/Citrus matter, we are planning on hosting a very nice dinner at the Houstonian (surprise, surprise) for the fine legal talent -- both in-house and out-house -- involved in this matter.  You along with a spouse/significant other are invited.  How does Tuesday, October 2 look?  I would like to do it sooner, but Mr. Manne has informed me that, due to his busy social calendar, he is not available before then.  We will plan on beginning at around 7 p.m. Please let me know if you can attend.
No, I agree we should file on Monday. I would suggest that we reschedule the conf. call for friday am--7o'clock.
Richard
This was the instruction I got today.  Please let me know if you think it is overly aggressive.  Thanks
Paul
Craig
My instructions from Kevin Heffron who is the commercial lead overseeing this matter is to file the answer and counterclaim within the normal time limit, without seeking any time extension.  The intention is to signal beyond doubt that we mean business - and Kevin is concerned that seeking an extension, however usual, will give the opposite message.  Our target should therefore be to file this week and I suggest that we stick to the original schedule.
Thanks for your help
Paul I have left a message for Richard to this effect, but wanted to make sure that everyone was in the loop.  Due to the incidents in the US yesterday our offices in Chicago were evacuated.  That has thrown off our schedule slightly for distributing the answer and counterclaim.  We plan on having a draft to everyone by 12:00 noon tomorrow.  I am also going to contact opposingc ounsel to let see if they would be agreeable to an extension of time to answer.  (I will wait until we discuss the matter to specify a definite time period for an extension).  In all likelihood, we can obtain an extension from opposing counsel (and/or the Court) if that is necessary in light of the events. 
In light of this revised schedule, we may want to reschedule the conference call currently set for 7 am central time tomorrow.  That is up to you.
Please let me know as soon as possible if you have any questions or concerns about the revised schedule and for what time you would like to have the conference call.
Craig A. Woods 
Mayer, Brown & Platt 
190 S. LaSalle Street 
Chicago, IL 60603 
(312) 701-8536 ph. 
(312) 706-8697 fax 
cwoods@mayerbrown.com 
I spoke to Rick McCombs at Mayer Brown this morning and he informed me that he is in trial all week and unavailable for a call today. We agreed to a 7am central (1pm London and 8am New York) call on Thurs. to go over the answer and any other pending items. He promised a draft answer by  3 pm central on Wed afternoon.H opefully, Paul will be well by then. I will set up a call-in number for the conference..
I am trying to set up a conf. call today at 10:30 central to speak to the Chicago attys. Andy is not involved in this case. 
Mark, fyi
Paul J is away sick but asked me to deal with this.  I have also discussed with Paul S.  Conference call planned for 2pm today with Andy Edison to discuss this (and Kemper).
Let's keep the pressure up by all means but I understand that an extension of this period is not hard to come by. 
I assume you're talking about that with Andy, Paul J. 
J. Mark Evans 
Enron Europe Legal Department 
direct tel: 44 207 783 5424 
direct fax: 44 207 783 8287 
email: mark.evans@ 
Thank you for the written advice. Obviously prospects of success assessed at "[no] more than 50%..." (ie. definitely less than 50%) is depressing, given initial expectations. We now need to maximise our bargaining power for acquisition of the smelter through the litigation which McCook have forced on us. 
We look forward to receiving the draft Defence and Counterclaim for comments/approval. We will need this fairly urgently, since the 20 day period for service expires next Monday, 17 Sept 2001 (according to my calculations - please confirm). Can you please ensure that they are sent to all the copy parties on the email (now including Houston litigation dept). Thank you.
Paul Johnson
Enron legal dept
PRIVILEGED AND CONFIDENTIAL 
All:  Attached is our follow-up memorandum regarding the merits of Enron's claim to enforce the Tolling Agreement against Longview.  Please feel free to contact either Rick or me if you have any questions.
Craig A. Woods 
Mayer, Brown & Platt 
190 S. LaSalle Street 
Chicago, IL 60603 
(312) 701-8536 ph. 
(312) 706-8697 fax 
cwoods@mayerbrown.com 
If you have received this message in error, please notify the sender immediately 
by e-mail reply and please delete this message from your computer.
Thank you. Mayer, Brown and Platt.
If you have received this message in error, please notify the sender immediately 
by e-mail reply and please delete this message from your computer.
Thank you. Mayer, Brown and Platt.
We should file on Monday, absent some compelling reason.Let's postpone the conf.call until Friday---same time. I need the draft answer by 2 pm central on Thurs. I cannot have a Thurs afternoon call. Is Rick McCombs available on Fri am?
For purposes of clarification, our answer and counterclaim are due on Monday, September 17.  That should not present any problem as far as we are concerned.  My point in raising the extension issue is merely to let everyone know that, since our schedule at MBP is sliding slightly, an extension is an available option if needed.  However, I see no problem in getting the answer filed by Monday.  (It should also be noted that court here was closed yesterday and today.  This may effect when filings will be due as well.  We are looking into the matter).
Please let me know if you have any questions. 
Craig A. Woods 
Mayer, Brown & Platt 
190 S. LaSalle Street 
Chicago, IL 60603 
(312) 701-8536 ph. 
(312) 706-8697 fax 
cwoods@mayerbrown.com 
My instructions from Kevin Heffron who is the commercial lead overseeing 
this matter is to file the answer and counterclaim within the normal 
time limit, without seeking any time extension.  The intention is to 
signal beyond doubt that we mean business - and Kevin is concerned that 
seeking an extension, however usual, will give the opposite message. 
Our target should therefore be to file this week and I suggest that we 
stick to the original schedule. 
Thanks for your help 
Paul In light of this revised schedule, we may want to reschedule the 
conference call currently set for 7 am central time tomorrow.  That is 
up to you. 
Please let me know as soon as possible if you have any questions or 
concerns about the revised schedule and for what time you would like to 
have the conference call. 
Craig A. Woods 
Mayer, Brown & Platt 
190 S. LaSalle Street 
Chicago, IL 60603 
(312) 701-8536 ph. 
(312) 706-8697 fax 
cwoods@mayerbrown.com 
Let's keep the pressure up by all means but I understand that an 
extension of this period is not hard to come by. 
I assume you're talking about that with Andy, Paul J. 
J. Mark Evans 
Enron Europe Legal Department 
direct tel: 44 207 783 5424 
direct fax: 44 207 783 8287 
email: mark.evans@ 
Thank you for the written advice. Obviously prospects of success 
assessed at "[no] more than 50%..." (ie. definitely less than 50%) is 
depressing, given initial expectations. We now need to maximise our 
bargaining power for acquisition of the smelter through the litigation 
which McCook have forced on us. 
We look forward to receiving the draft Defence and Counterclaim for 
comments/approval. We will need this fairly urgently, since the 20 day 
period for service expires next Monday, 17 Sept 2001 (according to my 
calculations - please confirm). Can you please ensure that they are sent 
to all the copy parties on the email (now including Houston litigation 
dept). Thank you. 
Paul Johnson 
Enron legal dept 
PRIVILEGED AND CONFIDENTIAL 
All:  Attached is our follow-up memorandum regarding the merits of 
Enron's claim to enforce the Tolling Agreement against Longview.  Please 
feel free to contact either Rick or me if you have any questions. 
Craig A. Woods 
Mayer, Brown & Platt 
190 S. LaSalle Street 
Chicago, IL 60603 
(312) 701-8536 ph. 
(312) 706-8697 fax 
cwoods@mayerbrown.com 
For your review and comment.
- EXCERPTF.WPD 
- GREGORYM.WPD 
If you have any questions, feel free to call David J. Noonan at home (619) 226-2869.
The information contained in this e-mail message and any accompanying documents is subject to the attorney-client privilege and/or the attorney work product rule and is confidential business information intended only for the use of the individual or entity named above.  The information herein may also be protected by the Electronic Communications Privacy Act, 18 U.S.C. ?? 2510-2521.  If the reader of this message is not the intended recipient or representative of the recipient, you are hereby notified that any dissemination of this communication is strictly prohibited.  If you have received this communication in error, please notify the Systems Administrator at admin@pkns.com and immediately delete this message from your system.
- 291633_1.WPD 
Thanks for the update. Is the hearing still on?
per your request, this e-mail will update you on the scultes lawsuit in cleveland.
you received, and we discussed, the replies we filed in support of the
half-dozen motions to dismiss and/or strike (and a sanctions motion) filed by the enron defendants.  replies were also filed by the mcdonald and sdi defendants in support of their respective motions to dismiss and/or strike, copies of which you should have received.  their briefs are more complicated than ours, but so are their facts.  an oral hearing on these motions is currently scheduled for 1:30 p.m. on September 10th.  The court has ordered no discovery until at least these motions are heard.
if you need any further detail, or have any questions, please do not hesitate to contact me.
Charna E. Sherman
Hahn Loeser & Parks  LLP
cesherman@hahnlaw.com
216-274-2556 (voice)
216-274-2555 (fax)
This transmission contains confidential
information intended only for the addressee(s).
If you are not the intended recipient,
any use, dissemination, distribution or
copying of this document or its contents
is strictly prohibited.
Martha Keesler
Senior Administrative Assistant
Tell Bethany that I am sorry I miss the Country Day Alumni function last Fri. I told her I would be there, but other more pressing matters prevailed  the days are blurring together. I probably did one of two things--- got drunk( there has been alot of that around here lately), or went home, got in bed, and pulled the covers up over my head.
The good news is that the 4th beer usually makes the pain/depression/anger go away. The bad news is that last week it was the 3rd beer.
Richard here is what I have--there is an update in progress, but nothing substantive for your purposes.  You have the ESA risk matrix which has the major cases you may want to reveal.  Please let me know if there is anything else I can help you with.  I have my cell phone 713-899-6300, or Stephanie has the number to this conference room.  Do you have any good news?  John Gardiner is here from NYC and keeps reminding me "we are all still standing."
Fyi. It looks like Jim is becoming more informed if not more involved.
Jim, here is a good update on where we stand with a possible filing to protect a retroactive suspension of direct access.  Please call me with any questions.
As of this point in time, the CPUC is NOT expected to vote tomorrow. The CPUC has not said when a new meeting would be held.  Although we continue to keep the pressure on, the CPUC vote could be for DA suspension as of July 1.  We need to be prepared to take immediate legal action in that event.  Here is the plan and what we'd like from customers.
Within a few hours of a CPUC vote, we plan to file at the CPUC for an emergency stay and request for rehearing. As part of that filing, we would need to include all of  the points we would raise in the court and declarations from each individual aggrieved party.   The decalarations would be held completely confidential by the attorney, transmitted directly through our outside attorney and would be filed under protective seal at the Commission.  The attorneys are preparing a pro-forma declaration that each party can use to prepare their own. I will e-mail that as soon as I have it. The draft court case is attached.  It will form the basis for our CPUC filing.
We would expect the CPUC to ignore the filing.  If the Commission failed to act on our request by the next regularly scheduled meeting, we would file in court immediately. We would use the same declarations and much of the same filing info in the court case.
To the extent we have customers on our filings, we have a much better shot at winning. I have gotten agreements form a number of other ESPs who will join with us.  They are: APSES, Strategic Energy, AES/New Energy, American Utility Network, and perhaps Commonwealth. Each of these, in turn, is working to get some of their customers to sign on. I am working with UC's attorney to see if they will join.
Our strategy is similar if the Legislature enacts a law with a retroactive date.  The major differences are that we would go directly to court and we would have to wait until the bill was signed by the Governor. Some of our ESP and customer friends would likely drop off at that point, because they have less financial harm from an Aug 25 date.
If you have customers intersted in signing on, please let me know.  The customer may contact me or the attorneys directly.  Here is contact info:
Sue Mara, Enron Government Affairs, (415) 782-7802
Dan Douglass, outside attorney (formerly with Arter & Hadden), preparing CPUC filing (818) 596-2201
Ed Duncan, Arter & Hadden, preparing court case (818) 596-2291
Hello everyone,
I just wanted to let you know that the trophies and  pictures and evaluation forms are ready to be picked up. Just come to the front  office and let them know what you are picking up. They are all clearly marked.  Please encourage parents to fill out the evaluation form and your equipment to  the game on November 10th and give it to the official.
Thank you,
Buster Adams
Have we implemented a policy?
I have additional names from Jay Webb's organization charts.  We may need to protect their e-mail files (in addition to the list we gave Andy last week.)  Can you give me 5 minutes to discuss?
Also, should I proceed with gathering files from Louise Kitchen and others 
I have been reluctant to stir that pot until I knew how you wanted me to proceed.
Thanks 
Attached are the questions relating to LJM listed in the order of importance from a timing perspective.  I am available at any time to discuss. You can reach me in my office or cell 713-569-2798.   ,   Julia 
thx
Richard-
Good luck on your company's adventure.  I  can't think of a better person to direct Enron's defense.  You will be  happy to know we turned down an untruthful proxy statement,  1933, and 1934 act  case.  (Actually, you probably wish a nit-wit like me got the  cases.)
John
The Horror, the Horror
Now that the Astros have hired Williams, they'll be my favorite NL
team.  I would love for the Astros to do well just to make Dan Duquette
look stupid.
And in the World Series good triumphs over evil.
I would give you the second half of the old "I have some good news and
some bad news for you" but given your employer, that would just be
piling on.
-Vance
As you will note from the papers, we are in deep shit. As you would guess, Haedicke is in charge.Call him.
I know you are really busy. Is there any way I can get 30 minutes of
your time to meet with Hugh Ray and me?  We really have something to
offer you guys. We'll come to your place anytime
The press is bad because it is accurate. I have never seen more greed, arrogance, and lack of morality.
this week.  The press is really bad on this.  I know that it could not be
much fun at work these days.  That with the mold and apartment
dwelling....this has not been your year.
Hope the kids and Julie are well.  Give them my love.
If we go to Las Vegas for Thanksgiving, we probably can't meet you. Julie is waivering on Las Vegas though. I'll call.
Very sad.
Hey, yall really need a break from Houston.  Any chance you want to meet us
at the Perd next weekend.  I would do all the grocery shopping.....to make it
easy for you and Julie to get the kids out of town.  We have not seen you
forever....and I have not been to the Perd since July.
I transferred the bunk beds out there, but they still need to be put together
and in a room.
It would be the 16 and 17
I am going to Las Vegas for Thanksgiving, but am available any day but Monday next week. Let me know your schedule.
Are you available for lunch next week?
Will
I talked to Jempy about this last night.He don't want another meeting. We have a new canidate in the hard-ass client category.
I am unclear as to why we are taking this approach.  This discussion is nothing but a rehash of past conversations that we have had with DP.  There are no new developments to discuss.  They have threatened us and, in my opinion, are simply trying to extort advantages from us to which they are not entitled.  My suggestion is that we initiate the arbitration process and put them on the defensive.  We don't owe them any explanations because we are acting within the bounds of the agreement.  I would like to remind you that their behavior during these last several months can be called into question.  I think violations of confidentiality on their part should be discussed relating to the "offers" them claim to know about.  They solicited a key employee of AMPS concomitant with accusing us of violating our fiduciary responsibilities  
If they feel passionately that we have behaved inappropriately, then they should move forward and avail themselves of their remedies.  Otherwise, we shouldn't waste our time or dignify their baseless allegations with yet another inane conversation.  Why do we always have to negotiate with the "terrorists" when we have the moral high ground?
Jempy
[Neyman, Jesse] 
I was able to speak with Victoria Westerhaus today about her September (sic) 27, 2001 letter. Victoria said that before she would be prepared to discuss the substance of her letter she would need to speak with Tom and Wayne.  She did; however, mention that neither she nor her client understood why Enron had been so anxious to dissolve the company when her client had several potential buyers very interested in the company. She mentioned that if Enron didn't want to put any more money into AMPS, it should have worked with DP to find a buyer.
I told Ms. Westerhaus that it was my understanding that a bona fide buyer was not lurking on the horizon and that there was no way that the company could have continued operating. She said that AMPS could have suspended operations instead of dissolving.  She then inquired as to whether the company had, in fact, been dissolved.  In response to that question, I told her that my last meeting about AMPS had been over a week a ago and I had no additional information. I then suggested a conference call between Enron, its counsel and DC and its counsel to try to bridge the parties difference's before the towels wee thrown I n.  She said she'd get with Tom and Wayne and get back to me.
Please let me know what your schedules look like for the rest of the week.  I will call the Bracewell folks and see how theirs look.  Thanks.
Good. Lets talk that morning.
I am open that week.  How about Tuesday?
I am going to Las Vegas for Thanksgiving, but am available any day but Monday next week. Let me know your schedule.
Are you available for lunch next week?
Will
Two issues: First,should we pay the law firms? Total is 43mm. Second, Lisa and I think that the group needs some direction today. Can we have a 10-15min telephone call at 4:45 or after the Board meeting (6:00)
How about we give her some Enron stock options.
First of all, it sounds like the Perd clean-up is good for everyone except
John.  So it is a go.
As for the Sanders' children Christmas...noone really came back with many
suggestions....so we still don't know what we are doing.  Although all of our
kids want for nothing.....it was still nice to say to my kids...that your
uncles did this for you. I don't have any ideas that I am trying to
sell....just trying to coordinate the effort.
A thought I do have is to have each family adopt a room and redo/refresh its
appearance.  Mom would like to see some of the rooms repainted...and this
could all be coordinated together....just a little redo would be a nice
touch.
However, that being said...I am still looking for ideas.
The last thing on my list is Mom.  She turns 70 in 13 days.  She is taking
three friends to the Perd...Betty, Jane and Lucy to play bridge.  Steve and
my family are headed for a short visit with them on Saturday the 15th.  Is
anyone planning a gift for her.  Does anyone have a suggestion.
OK, I won't bug you again 
546 college bellaire tx 77401
Hey Richard- 
Hope you, Julie and the boys are doing well. 
I need your address to send a Christmas card.  If you could send it I would appreciate it. 
Thanks- 
Jane Ellen
If you get this, drop what you are doing and give me a call at the office.
I can't begin to tell you how much I would like to do that---except for one thing. I will be dead or mortally wounded when I tell my wife. She moved the entire family to a new house on Monday with no help from me.Thanks, but no thanks. I've got some making up to do.
How about a round Sunday around noon at HCC?  All work and no
play makes us dull boys.  Let me know.
yes
where are you?
Should I go ahead and make hotel and car reservations for California? I'd be happy to.
Martha Keesler
Senior Administrative Assistant
no. I am listening now.
Do we have actually have a deal?
Martha Keesler
Senior Administrative Assistant
yes, but if it screws everything up, don't move it.
What about having the Duke/Citrus dinner on Wednesday, October 3?
fine
Hi everyone,
We would like to know if the Perd. is available at Christmastime? We would
like to go down with some of Susan's family.
Doug
Please sign me up for the 19th at 1:30 or 3:00
Harassment Avoidance Training
To contribute our personal best at Enron, our conduct must promote respectful and co-operative work relationships.  Workplace harassment conflicts with Enron's vision and values and violates Company policy.  Harassment also can violate federal and state laws.  By understanding what harassment is and its potential harm, we can prevent it in our workplace.
During this training you will:
Be able to recognize harassment
Learn to take precautions against being harassed
Learn to avoid being considered a harasser
Know how to address a situation involving harassment
Learn how harassment prevention is consistent with Enron Values
Go to <  to sign up for the session of your choice.  Harassment Avoidance is listed in the Compliance Category.  If you have problems registering or have any questions, please call 713-853-0357.
The date and times available for sessions are:
Day	Date	Session I	Session II	Session III	
Wednesday	Sept 19	1:30 - 2:45	3:00 - 4:15	4:30 - 5:45	
Wednesday	Sept 26	1:30 - 2:45	3:00 - 4:15	4:30 - 5:45	
Tuesday	Oct 2	1:30 - 2:45	3:00 - 4:15	4:30 - 5:45	
Wednesday	Oct 3	1:30 - 2:45	3:00 - 4:15	4:30 - 5:45	
Thursday	Oct 4	1:30 - 2:45	3:00 - 4:15	4:30 - 5:45	
All training sessions will be held in the LaSalle Room at the Double Tree hotel.  There is a $50 charge for each enrollee/attendee in the training session.
This training is mandatory for all Enron employees.  However, those who have already attended the Enron harassment avoidance training will be offered a refresher course at a later date.
I tried for 10 minutes to sign up before giving up. This has to be easier. It seems to me that someone at HR doesn't get it.
Harassment Avoidance Training
To contribute our personal best at Enron, our conduct must promote respectful and co-operative work relationships.  Workplace harassment conflicts with Enron's vision and values and violates Company policy.  Harassment also can violate federal and state laws.  By understanding what harassment is and its potential harm, we can prevent it in our workplace.
During this training you will:
Be able to recognize harassment
Learn to take precautions against being harassed
Learn to avoid being considered a harasser
Know how to address a situation involving harassment
Learn how harassment prevention is consistent with Enron Values
Go to <  to sign up for the session of your choice.  Harassment Avoidance is listed in the Compliance Category.  If you have problems registering or have any questions, please call 713-853-0357.
The date and times available for sessions are:
Day	Date	Session I	Session II	Session III	
Wednesday	Sept 19	1:30 - 2:45	3:00 - 4:15	4:30 - 5:45	
Wednesday	Sept 26	1:30 - 2:45	3:00 - 4:15	4:30 - 5:45	
Tuesday	Oct 2	1:30 - 2:45	3:00 - 4:15	4:30 - 5:45	
Wednesday	Oct 3	1:30 - 2:45	3:00 - 4:15	4:30 - 5:45	
Thursday	Oct 4	1:30 - 2:45	3:00 - 4:15	4:30 - 5:45	
All training sessions will be held in the LaSalle Room at the Double Tree hotel.  There is a $50 charge for each enrollee/attendee in the training session.
This training is mandatory for all Enron employees.  However, those who have already attended the Enron harassment avoidance training will be offered a refresher course at a later date.
Can we talk about this today?
How do we handle something like this?  In my old world, it used to be that a litigation manager at corporate would have to be involved in something like this pretty much regardless of whether the local guy thought it was under control or not.  Is that the case still? Should I tell Dave to send the file?
This is a heads up to a mounting dispute with a major equipment supplier,
Foster Wheeler Limited (HRSG supplier).  Currently they have initiated an
arbitration action before the AAA here in Seattle for a payment claim ($1.2
M) on the Linden, NJ project of which we have held back payment to satisfy
our claim for delay LDs and re-work ($3.8 M).  While this action is pending,
FWL has initiated some unlawful bargaining tactics on our Lakeworth, FL
project.  More of the drama is outlined below 
No need for action here.
David H. Lund, Jr.
Assistant General Counsel
National Energy Production Corporation
11831 North Creek Parkway N.
Bothell, WA 98011
425-415-3138
Fax: 425-415-3032
David.Lund@nepco.com or davidlu@nepco.com
ATTORNEY-CLIENT COMMUNICATION; PRIVELEGED AND CONFIDENTIAL
Galen,
I don't have the full history of dealing on this purchase order with FWL,
but my instincts say we don't have to accept "material" changes to the terms
on the eve of signing a PO.  FWL's attempt to adjust significant delay risk
at the eleventh hour constitutes a breach of good faith and fair dealing.
It is as if we were to sign the PO based on weeks of review of a firm and
final price but mark down the price a few million on the final draft because
we felt we were taken to the cleaners on a previous job they sold to us.
FWL needs to be instructed to accept the PO without the proposed changes.
If they refuse, we have (and we must tell them) the choice to contract with
another party and hold them liable for the extra cost of another supplier to
make the schedule required.  This liability is based on breach of an implied
contract and FWL faces damages for detrimental reliance (that would be the
incremental cost above FWL's firm price charged by the replacement vendor).
The reliance argument is that we excused other bidders weeks ago and chose
to exclusively deal with FWL based on agreement (reliance) of terms and
conditions presented in earlier drafts of the PO or referred to in previous
PO documents.  The detriment argument is FWL knew they had us captive to
them on this deal.  By going forward without other bidders, we lost price
protection and commitment for schedule by other bidders, therefore we are at
a detriment without market forces.  In the best world, our purchasing
activities need to keep proposals competitive by not dropping back to one
supplier for critical path equipment.
I mentioned a choice here, the other choice is to continue to deal with FWL
and accept their additional terms because the risk of changing horses and
being successful on a lawsuit based on implied contract and detrimental
reliance outweighs the risk and cost of having to "mitigate" the effect of
LDs on FWL if critical path work is not impacted or hard to document and
prove it was impacted, and whether our obligations were fulfilled in this
respect.  Since FWL has now opened the door to change "material" terms on
the eve of signing, we have the opportunity to do the same with them, but
that doesn't help if the parties continue to go in opposite directions while
your end date stays the same.  I would say they know this is a dilemma to us
and are betting we will deal with them on these new first-time "material"
changes to the PO terms.  If we go with the second choice, I would encourage
NEPCO and Enron to take FWL off any preferred bidders list. 
In addition, I thought I heard from the folks who attended the Linden 6
settlement meeting a week ago that the parties said they would not let the
litigation on Linden 6 effect our other on-going deals.  Apparently FWL is
taking their issues on Linden 6 over to other deals.  We may want to do the
same.
Stepping back a bit, unless our documents and witnesses are crystal clear on
the implied contract theory and we have a clear fact pattern for detrimental
reliance, I wouldn't lick our chops and be confident that we got them on
this liability.  I am willing to advance an argument for posture purposes in
order to force some conclusion on the PO terms that they have attempted to
open up.  And with what little I know thus far, I would encourage we try to
strike a deal in lieu of another lawsuit.
David H. Lund, Jr.
Assistant General Counsel
National Energy Production Corporation
11831 North Creek Parkway N.
Bothell, WA 98011
425-415-3138
Fax: 425-415-3032
David.Lund@nepco.com or davidlu@nepco.com
I am forwarding an email from Mr. Garry Greatrix, Project
Manager, Foster Wheeler Ltd.  Please read the document attached entitled
8&13.doc.  This has been presented as revised language to "all NEPCO
contracts" from Foster Wheeler.  This suggested language has been presented
as endorsed by Foster Wheeler legal and executive management.  The FW team
explained that this language resulted from what they have experienced with
NEPCO on recent projects, specifically Linden 6 and Kendall and that they
cannot sign the purchase contract without it.
Since this affects more than the Lake Worth Project I felt
any acceptance or dialog regarding FW's suggested language would need to be
reviewed and approved by NEPCO legal and executive team.
Galen J. Torneby
Project Manager
National Energy Production Corporation (NEPCO)
11831 North Creek Parkway North
Bothell,  WA  98011  USA
Tel:   425-415-3052
Cell:  425-922-0475
Fax:  425-415-3098
email:  mailto:galen.torneby@nepco.com
Please find attached Minutes of our Project Design
Review Meeting
at
NEPCAN offices Wednesday August 22, 2001.
Discussion and Action items are as noted for followup
by
NEPCO/NEPCAN/FW accordingly.
Garry Greatrix
FW Project Manager
Yes
Richard, can I ask to be taken off this circulation.  You are monitoring this for EES aren't you?
Here is the letter confirming 9/14 as the response date in all cases (save
Bustamante).  Absent an objection, I will send this out after our 11 am call
today.
CONFIDENTIAL
Luce, Forward, Hamilton & Scripps LLP
600 West Broadway
Suite 2600
San Diego, CA 92101-3391
(619) 236-1414
The information contained in this electronic mail transmission is
confidential and intended to be sent only to the stated recipient of the
transmission.  It may therefore be protected from unauthorized use or
dissemination by the attorney-client and/or attorney work-product
privileges.  If you are not the intended recipient or the intended
recipient's agent, you are hereby notified that any review, use,
dissemination, distribution or copying of this communication is strictly
prohibited.  You are also asked to notify us immediately by telephone and to
return the original document to us immediately by mail at the address above.
Thank you in advance for your cooperation.
- Lr confirming Briefing Schedule.wpd   - Lr confirming Briefing Schedule.wpd  
Lets talk about all their cases, including the Columbian coal case and the J block case-- Get w/ Twanda and set aside 30 min.
Don't know--maybe both
by IT, do you mean Gabriella (more security based) or the actual folks who will be downloading this for us 
Status: Not Started 
Percent Complete:       0% 
Total Work:     0 hours 
Actual Work:    0 hours 
Owner:  Guinn, Linda R. 
Sorry about the conference call this morning--- I neglected to get a call in number. I talked to Paul Simon, who had talked to Limor Nissan, and among the lawyers, we have no more comments. Paul was going to get together with the commercial team and see if they had any issues. Paul will contact you today with these changes/additions. If they are not substantive, I don't need to see them. Send Limor, Paul, and me a copy of the filed pleading. Thanks for your help.
Paul: 
We will get you a draft by the end of the day on Wednesday.  You are correct that our answer (or other pleading) is due on Monday, September 17.
Let me know if you have any questions. 
Craig A. Woods 
Mayer, Brown & Platt 
190 S. LaSalle Street 
Chicago, IL 60603 
(312) 701-8536 ph. 
(312) 706-8697 fax 
cwoods@mayerbrown.com 
Thank you for the written advice. Obviously prospects of success 
assessed at "[no] more than 50%..." (ie. definitely less than 50%) is 
depressing, given initial expectations. We now need to maximise our 
bargaining power for acquisition of the smelter through the litigation 
which McCook have forced on us. 
We look forward to receiving the draft Defence and Counterclaim for 
comments/approval. We will need this fairly urgently, since the 20 day 
period for service expires next Monday, 17 Sept 2001 (according to my 
calculations - please confirm). Can you please ensure that they are sent 
to all the copy parties on the email (now including Houston litigation 
dept). Thank you. 
Paul Johnson 
Enron legal dept 
Craig A. Woods 
Mayer, Brown & Platt 
190 S. LaSalle Street 
Chicago, IL 60603 
(312) 701-8536 ph. 
(312) 706-8697 fax 
cwoods@mayerbrown.com 
Please handle
Alert!
You are receiving this message because you have an unresolved invoice in your iPayit in-box that is past due.  It is critical that you login to iPayit and take immediate action to resolve this invoice.
Remember, you play an important role in ensuring that we pay our vendors on time.
Tip!:  You must login to the system to forward this invoice to another user.
You are receiving this message because you have an unresolved invoice in your iPayit in-box
that is past due.  Please login to iPayit and resolve this invoice as soon as possible.
To launch iPayit, click on the link below:
Note:  Your iPayit User ID and Password are your eHRonline/SAP Personnel ID and Password.
First time iPayit user?  For training materials, click on the link below:
Need help?
Please contact the ISC Call Center at (713) 345-4727.
If you are in Europe, please contact European Accounts Payable at +44 20 7783 7520.
I have completely lost track of this case. I have asked Twanda to set up a call w/ you, me, and our outside counsel. Now for the 100,000 question----who is our outside counsel? Let Twanda know.
The following documents, received today, have been forwarded for your immediate attention:
PLEASE ADVISE IF YOU DO NOT RECEIVE WITHIN 1 BUSINESS DAY.
Thank you 
Becky A. Stephens
Support Services Coordinator
Enron Litigation Unit, EB4809
713/853-5025
713/853-6576 (fax)
Becky.Stephens@
Looks good
Camille,
Based on your message below, I believe it advisable to issue a formal notice to Newtown responding to their cancellation notice and reaffirming our legal position on the enforceablility of the Transaction.  I have revised the letter that I prepared for you Friday and would appreciate your review and comment.  Please call me with any questions or comments regarding the attached.
Steve Van Hooser
Steve, 
Thank you for the legal interpretation.  After our conference call today with you and Newtown Paper dismissing the idea that this is a force majeure claim, 
we held our position to keep this deal on the books 
Camille 
Please review the attached for accuracy and fill in the blanks.  Call me with any questions. I'll make arrangements to fax and send by certified this afternoon unless I hear any objections from anyone receiving this message.
Thanks
Steve
Steve Van Hooser
YOU ARE ONE ANAL DUDE
Richard,
I am doing this so I won't forget.  This will confirm that I will pick you up for work Wednesday morning.  I will be by your house between 7:00-7:15 (it depends on when Sue Ellen gets back from her jogging, which I don't do anymore because of my alleged heel problem).  I have an out-of-the-office meeting Wednesday evening, and I go to it directly from work at 5:30, so I won't be able to give you a ride home on Wednesday.
Later.
Britt
Huh? For you to handle as you wish.
Richard,
Please help on this issue.  Kindly respond to Roz Carpanese at GSP immediately, the entire balance of this counterparty is past due.
Thank you,
John O. Ovanessian
Our accounts receivable statement shows York Paper's outstanding balance to
be $424,601.24 with invoices dating back to May 9, 2001.  The breakdown of
the total amount due is as follows:
61-90 days	$227,417.92
90+ days	$197,183.51
Eileen is the contact person in accounts payable at York Paper
(610-940-1080).
If you need a copy of the aged trial balance report, invoices, or any other
info,  please give me a call at 973-772-8700 ext. 652.
(e-mail: rcarpanese@gspcorp.com)
Roz Carpanese
This is pathetic but I don't know the status of this. What is going on? Did we send the letter?
Richard,
I'm wanting to send out the attached demand letter later today or tomorrow, after credit and the deal makers have had a chance to corroborate the facts.  Would you please review and get back to me with any concerns over issuing this demand.  The transaction involves as sale of old corrugated cardboard to a Chinese paper mill who has a sales office in California.  The Confirm was issued under the old Pulp & Paper General Terms and Conditions that do not contain an Arbitration Clause.
Thanks
Aparna,
Please review the attached for factual accuracy and forward to anyone you believe should comment.  Also, please note that we should include copies of the invoices that total the US$292,522.77 with the Demand Letter.  Will you please obtain them from accounting.  Please call with any questions.
Steve
Steve Van Hooser
I am coming in Mon. morning. Let me know if there is any change in the schedule. Thanks.
we haven't heard that it's off, so as far as we know it's still on.   when are you coming in on Monday? we've got tix for you and dave to go to the jake for the game Monday night.  (i've got a hearing in new jersey on Tuesday, and therefore can't join you.)
Charna E. Sherman
Hahn Loeser & Parks  LLP
cesherman@hahnlaw.com
216-274-2556 (voice)
216-274-2555 (fax)
This transmission contains confidential
information intended only for the addressee(s).
If you are not the intended recipient,
any use, dissemination, distribution or
copying of this document or its contents
is strictly prohibited.
>>  Thanks for the update. Is the hearing still on?
Sent:   Thursday, August 30, 2001 9:57 AM
per your request, this e-mail will update you on the scultes lawsuit in
cleveland.
you received, and we discussed, the replies we filed in support of the
half-dozen motions to dismiss and/or strike (and a sanctions motion)
filed by the enron defendants.  replies were also filed by the mcdonald
and sdi defendants in support of their respective motions to dismiss
and/or strike, copies of which you should have received.  their briefs
are more complicated than ours, but so are their facts.  an oral hearing
on these motions is currently scheduled for 1:30 p.m. on September 10th.
The court has ordered no discovery until at least these motions are
heard.
if you need any further detail, or have any questions, please do not
hesitate to contact me.
Charna E. Sherman
Hahn Loeser & Parks  LLP
cesherman@hahnlaw.com
216-274-2556 (voice)
216-274-2555 (fax)
This transmission contains confidential
information intended only for the addressee(s).
If you are not the intended recipient,
any use, dissemination, distribution or
copying of this document or its contents
is strictly prohibited.
I may be too late on this but here goes---- if arbitration is out then agree to a forum that is not in their backyard.
Pat, thanks (and congratulations) for pushing the remaining issues with Lodi through to completion.
To the trading lawyers and Richard:  As I have discussed with Christian and Steve, Lodi continues to insist upon removal of the binding arbitration provision.  We have fought hard on this, but the city attorney is steadfast:  He wants to be able to decide, on a case-by-case basis, whether to arbitrate or litigate a particular dispute.  PLEASE LET ME KNOW ASAP IF YOU OBJECT TO THE DELETION OF THE BINDING ARBITRATION PROVISIONS (the agreement will just be silent as to whether the parties can use litigation or arbitration).  Otherwise, we will shortly be executing the master trading agreement, which is needed for a particular trade we are negotiating with the city, as well as for general trading purposes, which Christian and Steve have been handling.
It's worth pointing out that the city attorney made very few proposed changes to this complex agreement.  I thought that was a little strange.  Also, we won the battle to keep TX law for the Enron corp. guaranty.
Thank you,
Kenton
The issue of the SCE bankruptcy will come up again. Carl-- did you ever talk to Reliant or Mirant? The next call that you have re the PG&E bankruptcy, I would like  to join in and dicuss the issue of an involuntary filing. I know we have talked about it before, but because of the hijackers, we never got the full legal analysis. Tom Laria at White and Case and the McCutchen attys had done some research. They offered to provide it to us. Lets take a look, do our own research, and discuss.
Richard & Lisa:  I understand from Carl that there is a call with some of the generators tomorrow to discuss the foregoing.  In that respect, I am forwarding a brief memo that we prepared a number of months ago (prior to PG&E's filing) regarding some of the issues/considerations that potentially would arise if Enron Wind were to file an involuntary petition against SCE.  The memo is a bit "dated" but I nonetheless thought it might be helpful to you to some extent in terms of setting forth some of the relevant considerations that arise in the involuntary context.  Please let me know if you would like any follow up on any of this prior to the call.  Thanks  John
John Klauberg
LeBoeuf, Lamb, Greene & MacRae, L.L.P.
212 424-8125
john.klauberg@llgm.com
what is this/ who is this
LISA:follow up with SCE's attnys Wed. at 9:30.  Reliant says no invol.
imminent. Appears very doubtful that there will be a Legis. solution.
I am setting up a call for Wed. if Bob Greenfield or Tom Wolper will attend.
i couldn't get on this. did it go and could i get quick read of what
happened 
RESENT AS OF MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 17.  I WOULD LIKE TO PROCEED WITH THE
CALL ON
A BRIEF BASIS TO SEE IF THERE IS ANY INTEREST IN A MEETING WITH SCE OR A
CONFERENCE CALL WITH SCE's COUNSEL. THE CONFERENCE CALL SHOULD LAST LESS
THAN 30 MINUTES.  IF NEED BE, WE CAN RECONVENE LATER TODAY.
We have set a call to discuss SCE for this Monday.  The agenda will be
similar to the agenda of the 12th, except that the California
Legislature is
set to adjourn this Friday evening, so we should know what ensured.  As
it
has been our intent to be as inclusive as possible, if there are other
creditors that you wish to invite, please do so.
Date & Time:           September 17, 2001 @ 11:00 AM (PDT)
Dial In Number:        (888) 476-3762
Participant Code:      847886
This message, together with any attachments, is intended only for the use of the individual or entity to which it is addressed and may contain information that is legally privileged, confidential and exempt from disclosure.  If you are not the intended recipient, you are hereby notified that any dissemination, distribution, or copying of this message, or any attachment, is strictly prohibited.  If you have received this message in error, please notify the original sender or the Pillsbury Winthrop Help Desk (800-477-0770 x4860) immediately by telephone or by return E-mail and delete this message, along with any attachments, from your computer.  Thank you.
Please note that as of January 1, 2001, the combined Firm's E-mail and web domain name has changed. The new domain name is: pillsburywinthrop.com.
This will confirm that I would like to have an organizational meeting at 2 pm central on Tuesday the 18th---one hour. Twanda will provide a call in 
The criminal attorney has a prior appointment and won't be able to make our 11:00 AM Houston time call.  Guido would like to know if there is any chance it could take place at some other time.
,
Andrea
By copy of this e-mail, I am asking Twanda to set up a short conf.call w/you on Wed or Thurs to discuss these issues
In today's call we addressed the usual issues.  This Friday the complex litigation panel will decide whether to consolidate the commandeering suits.  In case you hadn't noticed, the state filed a declaratory relief action in Sacramento naming each of the individual participants but not the PX.  The state's alleged fear is that it might be exposed to double recovery to the PX and the individual participants, so it asks for a declaration of its exposure to the participants.  The new complaint has not yet been served.  Our counsel who are trying to keep matters simple are considering strategies that will avoid the need for each participant to respond, and we should have some recommendation next week.  Next, Howard Weg will circulate a draft motion to FERC submitting his proposed settlement.  We should have the draft within the next week.  Next, a subcommittee met with PG&E reps last week to get a preview of a possible reorganization plan.  Weg may call Michael Tribolet to get his take on plan structure.  Next, the state Senate evidently balked at the Edison bailout.  Reliant and Marant have not filed a petition and are considering their options in view of the possibility that the governor will call the legislature back into special session in early October.  In the meantime, Edison is producing documents in response to the 2004 notice.  Weg raised a question about whether Enron will be filing an administrative claim in the PG&E case pursuant to court order in that case.  I wasn't aware of the issue.  Are you?  There were productive plan discussions with PX representatives as to structure and tasks of the PX going forward, and we are expecting a proposal momentarily.  Discussions with the Trade Creditors Committee still haven't reached closure.  PX reps evidently will be approaching PG&E and Edison to share the cost of future operations.  Our next committee call is Sept. 26 at 2.  We still need to talk about the funding issue when you have a moment.  Bob
" =3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D
=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D
I am not in a huge hurry. I just want to make sure we have fully reviewed our options now that we have a little more time. LLGM should participate on this call and gather all other information available(Mirant and Reliant legal memos) and lets talk sometime next week. I think LLGM is in a better position than Enron to dictate timing, so I'll leave the scheduling to you.
Richard:  ironically, I received this e-mail from my bankruptcy partner Ben Young a minute or so after receiving your note regarding SCE/involuntary filing.  Is this a call that you want to be on?  Also, do you want to try to talk with Carl/Ben tomorrow on the SCE situation?  Do you want us to take a quick look at the information from Mirant et al before we speak?  Perhaps you could reply to this e-mail or give me or Carl a call and let us know what your schedule may look like.  Thanks  John
John Klauberg
LeBoeuf, Lamb, Greene & MacRae, L.L.P.
212 424-8125
john.klauberg@llgm.com
Date: Mon, 17 Sep 2001 18:02:49 -0400
I participated in the conference call that Phil Warden put together regarding SCE.  The call was brief, lasting about 20 minutes.  Reliant suggested that an approach be made to SCE's lawyers to ask them what their plans are in light of the apparent failure of the MOU.  The parties on the line agreed to this suggestion, and this Wednesday, 9/19 at 9:30 was tentatively set for a call with SCE's counsel.  Phil will confirm the call and circulate the dialin information.
Bennett G. Young
One Embarcadero Center, Suite 400
San Francisco, California 94111
(415) 951-1167
byoung@llgm.com
Thats like saying you want to be a prisoner/inmate to get the free cable.
I want to be a lawyer if this is the way you get to talk "Mr. X"
MFG
Guido Tawil  Dear Richard, 
As requested, please find hereinbelow the different sections of Law No. 25,188 of Public Ethics (PEL) and of our criminal code (CC) that could be in play in this matter.
Please notice that we have recently discovered through our criminal lawyer the unpublished opinion of the Anticorruption Office dlivered at the enquiry of the Secretary of Communications. Some of the ideas therein expressed could benefit Mr. X in case than a specific investigation or challenge is made. We will work in a memo to illustrate on the matter.
Section 13, PEL: It is incompatible with public office: 
a) to manage, administer, represent, sponsor, provide any advise, or, by any other means, render services to any person that negotiates or has a concession or is a supplier of the State or performs activities regulated by the same, so long as the relevant public office position has a direct competence with respect to the engagement, achievement, negotiation or control of such concessions, benefits or activities;
b) to be a supplier, either on its behalf or on behalf of a third party, of any State body where the relevant person is an officer.
Section 15, PEL: If at the moment of his appointment, the public officer is held to be within any of the incompatibilities mentioned in Section 13, he must:
a) resign to such activities as a condition precedent to assuming the position. 
b) refrain himself from intervening, during the performance of his duties as an officer, in matters related to the persons with whom or issues in which he were connected with for the past three (3) years or where he has a corporate participation.
In such circumstances, those acts could be considered null and void and generate the responsibility mentioned in section 17 of the abovementioned law that provides:
Section 17, PEL: Notwithstanding the rights of any third party acting in good faith, in the event that the acts performed by the persons comprised in Section 1 are within the scope of Sections 13, 14 and 15, the same shall be absolutely invalid and void. In case of the issuance of an administrative act, such acts shall be absolutely invalid and void pursuant to the terms of Section 14 of law No. 19,549.
The concession companies or other counter parties shall be severally liable for any damages caused to the State by these acts.
Section 173, CC: 
Fraudulent administration 
Notwithstanding the general provision of the above-mentioned Section, the following shall be considered special cases of fraud and shall be subject to the penalties established therein[prison of one month to six years 
...7) who, due to any applicable law, authority or legal act, is in charge of the management, administration or care of assets or economic interests belonging to a third party, with the purpose of seeking on its behalf or on behalf of a third party an illegal profit or of causing damage, infringes the duty of care, damaging the entrusted interests or illegitimately forces the owner of the same 
Section 256, CC: 
Passive Corruption 
The public officer who, on its behalf or through any third party, receives money or any other grant or accepts a direct or indirect promise, in order to act, delay the performance or omit to act with respect to anything related to his office, shall be punished with confinement or prison from one to six years and perpetual disqualification to hold a public position.
Section 256 (bis), CC: 
Influence peddling 
Who, on its behalf or through any third party, asks for or receives money or any other grant or accepts a direct or indirect promise, in order to illegally influence a public officer so as to make the latter act, delay the performance or omit to act with respect to anything related to his office, shall be punished with confinement or prison from one to six years and life disqualification to hold a public position..
Section 258, CC: 
Active Corruption 
Who, direct or indirectly, grants or offers benefits seeking any of the behaviours referred in  articles 256 and 256 (bis), first paragraph, shall be punished with prison from one to six years. If the grant was made or offered to obtain any of the referred behaviours by articles 256 bis, second paragraph and 257, the punishment will be of prison from two to six years. If it was a public officer, he will be punished with special disqualification from two to six years in the first case and from three to ten years in the second one.
Section 258 (bis), CC: 
Influence peddling 
Who grants or offers to a public officer of another State, direct or indirectly, any  value or other benefits as donations, favours, promises or advantages, in order to illegally influence him so as to make, as exchange, the latter act or omit to act with respect to anything related to his office related to any transaction of economic or commercial nature, shall be punished with confinement from one to six years and life disqualification to hold a public position.
Section 268 (3), CC: 
Affidavit Omission or Falsification 
Who, under law and in view of its position, is required to file a patrimonial affidavit and maliciously omits to do so, shall be punished with prison from fifteen days to two years and perpetual disqualification.
The violation shall be deemed such when, upon sufficient notification demanding compliance, the relevant person fails to comply with the requested obligations within the terms foreseen by applicable laws.
The same penalty shall be applicable to anyone who maliciously falsifies or omits to include in the referred affidavits any data or information that is required to be included in accordance with any applicable law and regulations.
Do not hesitate in contacting us should you need any further clarificaction. 
Guido Santiago Tawil 
M. & M. Bomchil 
Suipacha 268, piso 12 
(C1008AAF) Buenos Aires 
Argentina 
Tel  (54 11) 4321 7500 
Fax (54 11) 4321 7555 
E-mail gt@bomchil.com.ar 
www.bomchil.com.ar 
Sounds like a good plan. Andrea-- I have asked my asst. to get with you to reschedule. M. Haedicke wanted the criminal atty on the call.
Where do we stand on Guido's compensation for his most recent activity. It appears he holds a strong interest in this matter but I think it is best to cap his efforts on our behalf before we get a substantial bill for multiple political outcome analysis.
Richard I would suggest Andy call Guido and define where we are cost wise and define the box as of today.
MFG 
I tried to call you, but the phones are out. No urgency, I just remember your proximity to the WTC and wanted to make sure you and the members of your firm are OK.
Yes. I will do so.
Should we talk to Fergus about an adjustment to the bill from Michael Molland owing to the confusion, consternation, and erosion of confidence in the lawyers his ignorance of the local rules caused here last week? 
I am ok
Can you guys get back to me today.  Kirby has offered to the produce these (with my ok--i did not think it would be controversial).
I have no objection if Richard Sanders and Robin Gibbs are ok with the proposal.  Jim
The AG subpoena requests copies of organization charts for EES and Enron Wholesale's trading group.  The time period specified is October 1, 1999 to the present.  These may exist as slides used in presentations to the Enron Corp. Board.  Mike Kirby wants to offer them to the AG as a show of good faith to the judge.  Is it okay to disclose these?
P.S.  Rebecca, since our discussion, I clarified that organization charts for only EES and EWS trading are covered by the subpoena. 
As you will recall, Steve was referred to us by Neal Manne and served as local counsel in the Glatzer matter. He has done a great job. Although I don't have anything now, I would love to send something his way.
Richard:  Thanks for thinking of us.  I was at ground zero, saw the
whole thing, and escaped in the nick of time.  There are obviously a lot
of emotional consequences, but I'll give you the basics.  On Wednesday,
we learned, incorrectly, that our building had collapsed or was about
to.  At that point, we all decided we might never return and that our
mission was to obtain new space and to resume our operations as soon as
possible.  Last Thursday, we took new space at 45 Rockefeller Plaza and
ordered all new computer systems.  Friday we got hold of the computers
and over the weekend they were installed.  By Monday, we were had phones
and computers and we were up and running.  Now we just need to get our
documents out of 1 Liberty and we are not sure when that will happen.
We had a tremendous amount of help and offers of assistance all of which
we greatly appreciate.  My information appears below. My fax is
841-8868. Let's talk soon.  Steve
Steven R. Schindler
Schindler Cohen & Hochman LLP
45 Rockefeller Plaza, 9th Floor
New York, NY  10111
(212) 841-8860
sschindler@schlaw.com
I tried to call you, but the phones are out. No urgency, I just remember
your proximity to the WTC and wanted to make sure you and the members of
your firm are OK.
Please handle
Please review your records and let me know the payment status of the
attached
invoices:
Inv. 10126830  $3,915.03
Inv. 10140858  $  998.82
Both invoices relate to matters prior to June 1, 2001.
Your assistance will be appreciated.
Thank you,
Joy McCracken
Accounting Manager
Fulbright & Jaworski L.L.P.
1301 McKinney, Suite 5100
Houston, Texas  77010-3095
(713) 651-3739  Phone
(713) 651-5246  Fax
mmccracken@fulbright.com
- Document.pdf 
I just talked to our accounting dept and told them about your proposal to fix the mistake. They are ok with it. Just make sure you document it as described in this e-mail.
P.S. There is no bigger matter to deal with than your bill. This  must be the kind of half--truths that made you the most hated man in Sacramento.
My accounting department advises me that back on April 27,2001,  Enron apparently sent us a check for $54,585.11, which we received and deposited on May 7. The check  included the payment of $28,087.71 for this firm (the exact amount of our February billing) and mistakenly included payment of $26,497.40 for one of Ed Kee's (PA Consulting Group) bills. That check was received after we sent our March billing and is thus not reflected on that bill. The full amount of that check showed up as a May 7 payment to us from Enron on our April billing, and reduced the outstanding balance by that amount. Whereas the total balance due shown on the April statement sent to Enron was $44,772.92, if the overpayment had not been made , the true balance due would have been $26,497.40 higher. Given the delay in sending our bills, and the accumulation of additional time, there was never a credit balance on a billing to Enron, but the total balances due always included credit for the prior overpayment. We are about to send out our July billing today and our accounting department(Annmarie Robertson) got a call from Martha at Enron(345-4088) who realized what happened and asked for a refund check. We can and will obviously do that , but then we have to immediately ask Enron for that same amount-$26,497.40- because our prior bills would have been underpaid by that same amount. I am told that we cannot easily(if at all) go back and have the computer generate previous months' bills now with an unpaid balance when they were previously paid. My accounting department says it would be easier to just send out  the July billing with a cover letter confirming that the $26,497.40 erroneously paid to us on May 7 has been credited in full  to Enron, and is fully reflected in the total balance due. Hopefully this makes sense and I know we both have bigger matters to deal with.  Can you approve us doing this or send us an email if Enron needs to get a check and revised billings. Thanks 
The information contained in this e-mail message and any accompanying documents is subject to the attorney-client privilege and/or the attorney work product rule and is confidential business information intended only for the use of the individual or entity named above.  The information herein may also be protected by the Electronic Communications Privacy Act, 18 U.S.C. ?? 2510-2521.  If the reader of this message is not the intended recipient or representative of the recipient, you are hereby notified that any dissemination of this communication is strictly prohibited.  If you have received this communication in error, please notify the Systems Administrator at admin@pkns.com and immediately delete this message from your system.
FYI
The attached info about the Judge being in that small group with two lawyers from the Plaintiffs' firm does not give me good vibes.
Received: by SSDEX with Internet Mail Service (5.5.2653.19)=09id  
JOINT DEFENSE
I spoke today with Sweetwater's counsel, Rob Hanna of Best, Best & Krieger.
Two items to report:
=091.   Judge Sammartino.  Hanna alerted me to an article in the recent
San Diego Lawyer  (see attached).  The article concerns the "M (for
Motherhood) Group," a group of 10 San Diego women lawyers that have met
twice a week for the past 21 years.  Judge Sammartino is a member of the
group, as are two lawyers in Hanna's firm - Arelene Prater and Tina Dyer.
Hanna said he wanted defendants to be aware the relationship between the BBK
lawyers and Sammartino.  Hanna said he has no plans to challenge Judge
Sammartino, but wanted defense lawyers to be alerted to the issue.  Unless
someone has a different suggestion, let's factor this into the mix when we
revisit the coordination issues next week.
=092.  Case Management Hearing.  Hanna reported that his office had
contacted Judge Hayes' clerk to ask whether the CMC hearing (set for 9/28 in
Sweetwater) would be going forward. Hanna's office was told the CMC would
remain on calendar.  Hanna and I jointly called Judge Hayes' Court Clerk,
David Lim, to follow up.  Mr. Lim confirmed that, notwithstanding the
assignment order to Judge Sammartino,  Judge Hayes wants the parties to
provide a status report at the CMC.  He confirmed that the Court wants the
parties to file CMC questionnaires, although he suggested that the Court is
probably most interested in the coordination status.  The CMC questionnaire
is due Friday, Sept. 21 (although Mr. Lim said we could filed anytime prior
to Thursday noon (Sept 27).  Given that Judge Hayes appreciates strict
compliance with the local rules, I suggest we file this Friday.   We will
prepare a proposed joint CMC statement for all defendants and circulate the
same tomorrow.