__________________________________________________
Do You Yahoo!?
Make international calls for as low as $.04/minute with Yahoo! Messenger
Ben,
I was again good to talk with you and I look forward to the
possibilities. As we spoke of, Joe Toussaint is heading up the talent
initiative and coordinating the recruiting process. I spoke with Joe
today and he informed me he had left several contact numbers for you so
I will at this point step out of the middle of process to allow for a
more coordinated approach. I'm sure I speak for Joe when I say we
believe the changes in the industry as well as Enron provide opportunity
for us both.
Please provide Joe with your resume as soon as you can and as we
discussed be prepared to discuss your desires, skills and/or experiences
you believe uniquely qualify you, as well as examples of your ability to
create value.
Again it has been my pleasure and I'm sure Joe or his designee will
contact you concerning your trip to Cincinnati and scheduled activities
next week.
Michael J. Cyrus
President & CEO, Cinergy, Energy Merchant
Is this the Enron effect happening over there today Ben
Hey:
Where do you think Delaney goes?  Goldman?
Stan:
Its been a very interesting ride these last four and a half years here.  I received an offer from UBS, but decided to turn it down for personal reasons.  These last few weeks I have been with the estate working on selling certain assets.  Tomorrow is my last day with the estate and then I am off to Ohio and Cinergy to continue trading.  I will also begin to learn the oprations of Cinergy as well as go back and get an executive MBA at Chicago.  Ultimately, I want to learn more about the overall operations and effective energy risk management I just wanted to thank you for all you have done while I have been here.  I look back and think that I should have spent time in the pipeline group.  Even after all that has happened I certainly wouldn't change what I have experienced.  Thanks again for being such a good friend.  Hope you are doing well and good luck with everything.  I will send you my new information at Cinergy.  My Dad would love to hear from you sometime.
,
Ben
Chobs:
Sorry it took so long to respond, but its been crazy around here.  Both KMI and KMP are still good buys, its just the overall market environment thats bringing these down.  Also, the commodities prices in gas and crude and fuel oil have come off quite a bit, which makes the general investors worry about the future earnings potential of the companies.  They are locked into contracts at a very good price, so whether the price of the commodity goes up or down they still make their cash flow targets.  Remember, the CEO of the company has a stack of over 25% of the company, so he is very tied to the overall stock price.  Enough said, invest your money into KMI and KMP, especially KMP since it has that yield of around 7%.  Talk to you soon.
Ben
Yo Bro,
My brother-in-law (the wantabe day trader) has a good amount of Kinder
Morgan.  The price is down pretty low.  Is it just because of the economy?
Is this their cyclical low period?  Are they feeling some of the heat from
the Enron stock drop?  Let me know because if it is a bargain low. I want
to buy more too.  Let me know what you think.
Ciao
Missy:
If you could change that to a taxi service, that would be great.  Since this is only a one day trip it's makes it a little easier for me.  Thanks again!
Ben
Ben,
Please find attached your travel itinerary, as well as your meeting
schedule for Friday, January 4th.  I have reserved a rental car with
Hertz, but if you would prefer a taxi, we can make that simple change.
Just let me know your preference.
I have also attached directions to our facility.  We are located at 7200
Industrial Road in Florence, Kentucky.
Please feel free to contact me if you have any questions or need any
assistance prior to your trip.  Hang on to any receipts for any
out-of-pocket expenses you incur and we will reimburse you.  I look
forward to meeting you.  Have a safe trip!
Missy Sturgeon
859-372-6869
Florence.doc  - Interview Schedule - Ben Rogers 010402.doc   - florence_industrial_road_facility.pdf.pdf   - Directions to Florence.doc  
Dad:
Cliff sent you his resume.  Cliff is the guy who is married to Megan's sister Dierdre.  They currently live in NYC.  He is looking to do corporate development type work with you guys in Cincy.  Let me know what you think.  I left a message for Brian Terp to send me his resume so I can send it to you.  Let me also know about your conversation with Michael about what we talked about yesterday.  Talk to you soon.
Ben
Eric:
There is a book store called the Brown Book Store located several blocks from here.  They have several books on trading within this industry that you will want to read.  You will need to call information to find out where they are.  Good Luck!
Ben
Hey Ben-
Hope you had a great holiday and you guys are staying busy.  Things down in EIM are looking a little more promising since our current direction is to hold onto some of our assets and potentially take a group of people forward to do some low-credit trading....I'm cautiously optimistic.
I did want your recommendation on any books for someone interested in learning about power trading.  Any ideas?
Thanks Ben-
Erik
Joe:
Thanks for taking the time to talk with me regarding the opportunities at Cinergy.  I enjoyed my discussions with the other guys on the trading floor.  There is clearly money to be made trading in the right regions with the right people.  I would like to continue trading, but also learn Cinergy's assets to better understand how to effectively trade around these types of assets.  It seems that everyone I talked to is enthusiastic about growing the business in the right regions.  Let me know if you guys need me to come up and visit again.  Thanks again and I'll talk to you soon.
,
Ben  
Mr. Lay:
It was good to see you down on the trading floor today.  I have been in the power trading group for about a year now.  I came over from the corp. development group after we sold the peakers to Allegheny and to Cinergy.  I was the one who convinced my Dad to buy those two peakers.
The power trading group is a really solid group of individuals.  Sitting where I do I see and hear alot of what goes on in the heart on Enron and I feel that this part of the company is doing really well I have been with Enron for over four years now and I continue to learn alot as well as contribute to Enron's bottom line.  Eventhough Enron's stock price has come off a little I still think this is a great company and that the overall fundamentals are very sound.  I hope all is going well! 
,
Ben 
Jeff:
I think we may be past due on when we need to play by, but thats fine.  I think Saturday works for me as well.  I know things are quite busy right now, so good luck with everything.
Ben
Things are a little busy now - when do we have to play by?
I normally play in the morning but maybe next Saturday would work.
See ya.
Jeff:
It looks like we are playing eachother in the Met's consolation round.  The best time I can play is either after work or some time on the weekend.  Let me know what works for you Ben
Yeah, Yeah, Yeah.  We will be going to Texadelphia around 7:00.  I will still call you when we get there.
Love
Ben
Remember to call me!!
I am going to class in 25 minutes
love ya!!
__________________________________________________
Do You Yahoo!?
Make a great connection at Yahoo! Personals.
Todd,
This should be the latest and greatest.  Great talking to you today.  Glad to 
hear
everything's going great in LA.
Kevin
conway77@earthlink.net
Keith,
Here are the changes recommended by my legal group.  Let me know if you have 
any comments.
Thanks,
Kevin
Dan J Hyvl
11/09/2000 03:02 PM
Kevin,
As we discussed, here are the changes I feel need to be made to the form 
1.  Change 1.1 to read as follows:  This Agreement shall be effective upon 
its execution and shall continue in full force and effect through December 
31, 2000.
2.  Change 3.1 to read as follows:  Upon not less than 36 hours advance 
notification by Vector, Seller shall be obligated to sell and deliver to 
Vector, and Vector shall be obligated to purchase and receive from Seller, at 
the time stipulated by Vector in the advance written notification, at a Point 
of Sale, a quantity of gas equal to Seller's PSQ for such Point of Sale, as 
specified in Exhibit A to this Agreement.  The parties agree that time is of 
the essence in this Agreement..
3.  Add 4.2 to read as follows:  4.2  If Vector fails to purchase and receive 
from Seller the quantity of gas required to be purchased and received by it 
under Article 3.1 for any reason other than the occurrence of an event of 
Force Majeure, Vector shall indemnify Seller and shall be liable to pay 
Seller an amount equal to the difference between the price that would have 
been paid to Seller and the Gas Daily low price, set forth in Gas Daily under 
the heading "Daily Price Survey" under the listing applicable to Chicago and 
using the low price in the range of prices published for the day that Vector 
failed to perform multiplied by the volume Vector failed to purchase and 
receive from Seller for such day.
4.  Add the following language at the end of 9.1.  For breach of any 
provision for which an express remedy or measure of damages is herein 
provided, such express remedy or measure of damages shall be the sole and 
exclusive remedy hereunder.  If no remedy or measure of damages is expressly 
herein provided, the obligor's liability shall be limited to direct actual 
damages only, such direct actual damages shall be the sole and exclusive 
remedy hereunder and all other remedies or damages at law or in equity are 
waived.  Unless expressly herein provided, neither party shall be liable for 
consequential, incidental, punitive, exemplary or indirect damages, lost 
profits or other business interruption damages, in tort, contract, under any 
indemnity provision or otherwise.
5.  Add the following Seller's information in 10.1.
Outlook Migration Team@
04/17/2001 12:45 PM
Current Notes User: 
To ensure that you experience a successful migration from Notes to Outlook, 
it is necessary to gather individual user information prior to your date of 
migration.  Please take a few minutes to completely fill out the following 
survey.  When you finish, simply click on the 'Reply' button then hit 'Send Your survey will automatically be sent to the Outlook 2000 Migration Mailbox.
Thank you.
Outlook 2000 Migration Team
Full Name:        Kevin Ruscitti 
Login ID:  kruscit
Extension:  x3-6320
Office Location:  EB3234D
What type of computer do you have?  (Desktop,  Laptop,  Both)  Desktop
Do you have a PDA?  If yes, what type do you have:   (None, IPAQ, Palm Pilot, 
Jornada)  Palm
Do you have permission to access anyone's Email/Calendar?  No
If yes, who 
Does anyone have permission to access your Email/Calendar?  No
If yes, who 
Are you responsible for updating anyone else's address book?  No
If yes, who 
Is anyone else responsible for updating your address book?  No
If yes, who 
Do you have access to a shared calendar?  No
If yes, which shared calendar 
Do you have any Distribution Groups that Messaging maintains for you (for 
mass mailings)?  No
If yes, please list here 
Please list all Notes databases applications that you currently use 
In our efforts to plan the exact date/time of your migration, we also will 
need to know:
Will you be out of the office in the near future for vacation, leave, etc? No
If so, when?        From (MM/DD/YY):      To (MM/DD/YY 
Of course your Dad would be invited to anything we do, but if you'd rather 
spend the
time alone with him that weekend we could always make it another weekend The only
problem with the 12th is that we'll be consumed with the move the entire 
weekend.  Let
me know what works for you.  We're flexible after the 12th.
KR
Easter was great, how 'bout yours.  It was just me, Lisa and a friend of mine.
How's everything been with you?  How are the wedding plans coming?  Have
you seen Bruce lately?  How 'bout my brother?
Kevin
The 12th isn't good for me b/c we're moving.   Any other weekend should be OK 
though.
Kevin
kruscit
The interconnects are primarily in Michigan, Ohio and Wisconsin.
Didn't you say mapquest said it takes around 6 hrs to get to Houston from 
Corpus
Dickhead?
What's the website you bought the Adirondack chairs off of.  We are looking
to pick up a couple more.
KR
There's a girl on my desk that makes it in 3, so it'll probably take you 4.
I'll tell you what.  You give us your "want"  list and we'll make sure you 
can do it all.
Of course, after you assemble the chair.
What was Lowery doing in San Antonio??
KR
Keith,
Attached is GTC Spot confirm form  and Spot GTC 
Please take a look at the attached Spot GTC and let me know if we can 
transact under
this contract.  This is what our legal guys would prefer.  Talk to you soon.
Thank you,
Kevin
Sell 'em all.  There's no turnaround in sight 
What's going on??
KR
Thought you might find this interesting!!
XXOOXXOO,
Kevin
Chris,
Please take a look at the attached language and forward it to Stacey for her 
comments.
Thanks,
Kevin
Chris Walker
03/27/2001 12:07 PM
Stacy,
Kevin Ruscitti has requested a secondary firm ANR ML7 phy gas product for 
EOL.  I have located some language that you and Dale worked on back in May of 
2000.  Please let me know if this language will be OK for our needs.  Also, 
will the current GTC for Phy gas need to be revised in any way?
Thanks,
CW
3-7533
David,
I have attached a listing of all my Bid Week transactions.  Let me know if you
have any questions.
Kevin Ruscitti
(713) 853-6320
Thanks,
Let me know if you're looking to sell some more, because I could do better 
than my
EOL bid in this case.
Kevin
Please sign me up.
Kevin Ruscitti
x3-6320
Parking & Transportation@
03/28/2001 04:07 PM
Sent by: DeShonda Hamilton@
The Enron Center garage will be opening very soon.
Employees who work for business units that are scheduled to move to the new 
building and currently park in the Allen Center or Met garages are being 
offered a parking space in the new Enron Center garage.
This is the only offer you will receive during the initial migration to the 
new garage. Spaces will be filled on a first come first served basis. The 
cost for the new garage will be the same as Allen Center garage which is 
currently $165.00 per month, less the company subsidy, leaving a monthly 
employee cost of $94.00.
If you choose not to accept this offer at this time, you may add your name to 
the Enron Center garage waiting list at a later day and offers will be made 
as spaces become available. 
The Saturn Ring  that connects the garage and both buildings will not be 
opened until summer 2001. All initial parkers will have to use the street 
level entrance to Enron Center North until Saturn Ring access is available. 
Garage stairways next to the elevator lobbies at each floor may be used as an 
exit in the event of elevator trouble. 
If you are interested in accepting this offer, please reply via email to 
Parking and Transportation as soon as you reach a decision. Following your 
email, arrangements will be made for you to turn in your old parking card and 
receive a parking transponder along with a new information packet for the new 
garage.
The Parking and Transportation desk may be reached via email at Parking and 
Transportation/Corp/Enron or 713-853-7060  with any questions. 
(You must enter & exit on Clay St. the first two weeks, also pedestrians, 
will have to use the garage stairwell located on the corner of Bell & Smith.)
Please sign me up.
Thank you,
Kevin Ruscitti x3-6320
Parking & Transportation@
03/28/2001 04:07 PM
Sent by: DeShonda Hamilton@
The Enron Center garage will be opening very soon.
Employees who work for business units that are scheduled to move to the new 
building and currently park in the Allen Center or Met garages are being 
offered a parking space in the new Enron Center garage.
This is the only offer you will receive during the initial migration to the 
new garage. Spaces will be filled on a first come first served basis. The 
cost for the new garage will be the same as Allen Center garage which is 
currently $165.00 per month, less the company subsidy, leaving a monthly 
employee cost of $94.00.
If you choose not to accept this offer at this time, you may add your name to 
the Enron Center garage waiting list at a later day and offers will be made 
as spaces become available. 
The Saturn Ring  that connects the garage and both buildings will not be 
opened until summer 2001. All initial parkers will have to use the street 
level entrance to Enron Center North until Saturn Ring access is available. 
Garage stairways next to the elevator lobbies at each floor may be used as an 
exit in the event of elevator trouble. 
If you are interested in accepting this offer, please reply via email to 
Parking and Transportation as soon as you reach a decision. Following your 
email, arrangements will be made for you to turn in your old parking card and 
receive a parking transponder along with a new information packet for the new 
garage.
The Parking and Transportation desk may be reached via email at Parking and 
Transportation/Corp/Enron or 713-853-7060  with any questions. 
(You must enter & exit on Clay St. the first two weeks, also pedestrians, 
will have to use the garage stairwell located on the corner of Bell & Smith.)
We'll just be doing some house shopping.  I think we're going to postpone the 
upgrade to
the existing house and look to buy a new house.  This would eliminate the 
need to move
out for 6 months.  I'm dying to live in a house that is complete.  Anyway, 
besides this we
don't seem to have much going on.  I'll just need to go into work for a few 
hours on Sunday.
Let me know what you want to do.
KR
You're correct, Enron doesn't get too involved in these conventions.  I don't 
know 
why.  It seems that some of the desks have some functions but mine never 
does.   My desk
seems to be pretty apathetic (probably not a good thing).  I think we've 
relied, more than
any of our other desks, on the financial and e-commerce sides of the 
business.  Probably
not a great thing.  Anyway, lets get together for a cocktail or dinner 
sometime within the 
next month.  Did you guys move to the Galleria location yet.  Let me know we'll go get 
a big steak at Morton's or Ruths' Chris.  I assume a country boy like you is 
into some
good red meat.
KR
"I accept the terms and conditions of this Pilot Participant Agreement."
Kevin Ruscitti
Stamos, 
Glad everyone had a good time at Sweets'.  I hope he had a blast.
In terms of your email reply,
you can have Calpine.  How are they going to make money long term if price 
caps are instituted?  This obviously would be the stupidest policy.  In 
addition
their exposure to the CA crisis must be pretty significant - when and how are 
they
going to get paid?  I wouldn't want to bank on the energy market in the most 
regulated state in the country.  Plus, if the state backs energy purchases, 
it's 
going to get to the point where who wants to own CA credit??  PG&E and Edison
International are doomed, as they should be.  The state of CA is going to go
down the tubes unless they find some good leadership.  Unfortunately, noone
out there seems to have the least clue on how to solve the problem.  The 
politicians
are a complete joke.  It is incredibly disheartening to witness the absolute 
stupidity
of the CA politicians in addressing this issue.  They seem to be much more 
focused 
on finger pointing than coming up with a viable solution.  I honestly think 
they are incable
of solving the problem 
KR
Did you go to any parties last night??  I was lame, I didn't go to a single 
one.  I heard
there were some decent ones.  How's life at Duke been?  I haven't talked to 
you much
since you've become a big ICE trader.   Talk to you soon.
KR
Stamos,
I don't think many buying opportunities out there.   The economy is going to 
get 
crushed this year.  There's only one place to put one's money now, and that 
is in cash.
The manufacturing sector is in dire straits and you will continue to see an 
increase in
plant shutdowns and company layoffs.  The Fed could continue to lower rates 
but there'll
be little capital investment if consumer spending dries up.  I feel we've 
just seen the beginning I think the Dow will be trading under 8000 by the end of April.
Psychologically, the California crisis will add to consumer fear.  The crisis 
is not a short term
problem.  As a result, barring any Federal bailout, you could kiss that 
state's economy goodbye.
Let me ask you a question; if you were paying (1) the highest real estate 
prices in the country, and 
(2) the highest energy prices for the least reliable power, in (3) the midst 
of a hi-tech meltdown, what would
keep you or your company from closing shop and moving to a different state If you own any
CA real estate, sell.  The only way to solve the CA energy crisis is to 
reduce demand or increase supply.
Since CA doesn't want any power plants in its backyard, the supply issue 
likely won't be solved anytime
soon.  So, how do impact demand??  You have to price energy(power/gas) so 
high that
the discretionary user (household, manufacturer, commercial store) conserves 
by closing its plant, cutting
back on the thermastat or running the commercial operation during off-peak 
hours.  California will see
this reduction in demand over time.  If the blackouts subside it's because so 
many businesses have
closed their doors for good or moved to another state.  Without this, the 
blackouts will get much worse.
If the state tries to get into the business of buying and selling electricity 
and gas, I would bet it will go
bankrupt within 2-3 yrs.  Could you imagine the impact on the national 
economy from the bankruptcy 
of the U.S.'s most prosperous state.  Obviously this is only my opinion, but 
I would keep my eyes on
the energy markets - that's where the key to the turnaround lies.  Take Care 
and thanks for the email.
Kevin 
That state will never be the same.  My prediction is that the state will be
bankrupt within the next 2 years unless the Federal Gov't bails it out.  I 
hope
Lowery has held off on buying his house.
Talk to you this weekend.  I blew off the Montana trip so I'll be home.
KR
Great to hear from you.  Looking forward to meeting in Houston for a baseball 
game.
Conway will be in Corpis soon so we should be able to do a weekend.  We 
should start
construction on the house in May - what an incredibly long process it is.  I 
definitely would
not do it if I had to do it over again.  One redeeming factor is that we 
bought on a good 
block.  We definitely have the ugliest house on the block.  We should get a 
pop in real
estate also when all the California companies start migrating to Texas 
Joking aside, unless you guys have incredibly mild weather this summer 
combined with
a lot of rainfall, you're summer will suck.  There is no doubt that the CA 
economy is going
to suffer a great recession.  You have a shortage of supply so the only way 
to ease the
problem is to reduce demand.  This usually occurs when prices reach levels 
where the price
sensitive buyers cut back.  However, with your boy Grey Davis pushing for  
price caps, this won't
happen.   The next way for demand to be trimmed is for companies to leave, so 
this will probably
need to happen to an extent for the problem to ease.  The other factor, of 
course, is that you
could have an increase in supply - new power plants.  But being that the amt. 
of time it takes to 
develop and build a power plant in CA is about 3 times as long as in most 
other states combined
with the fact that CA hasn't had a new power plant in the last 10 years, an 
increase in supply
doesn't seem likely in the short term.  Again, this is only my opinion, so 
you could take it with
a grain of salt 
Talk to you soon.
Kevin
BL,
Have you experienced any blackouts yet?  I think you'll see a lot this summer.
What does everyone think about the situation?  Do they think it's a threat or 
not?  I think
the state is in for a horrific summer - I hope it doesn't turn out that way, 
but it'll be incredibly
difficult to avoid.
Hope everything's going well with work and with the family.  When's the next 
time you'll
be in Dallas?  Let me know.
KR
Brian,
Unfortunately I won't be able to make it, but thanks for the email.  Hope 
everything
is going well with you.  Have a great time at the party and tell Sweets I 
said Happy
B'day.
Kevin
Thought you might appreciate this.
- California_Dreamin'.gif
I saw Yeull Tuesday night - pretty cool, huh?  He seemed a little uncertain 
on the objection though.
Kevin
Wow, what a gracious thank you.  I'm speechless.
Hope everything's been going well lately.  I'll talk to you soon.  By the way,
are you going to any events during Gas Fair?
Kevin
Congratulations to you and Rena.  When is the due date?
Kevin
Attached is a list of all non-index, bid week trades for Michcon, Consumers, 
and ML7.
Please let me know if you have any questions.
Thanks,
Kevin Ruscitti
(713) 853-6320
David,
Attached is a list of all my non-index, bid week trades (for March) for 
Michcon, Consumers and ML7.
Please let me know if you have any questions.
Thanks,
Kevin Ruscitti
(713) 853-6320
Cora,
We could go with the lower volume.  Please let me know when the deals are 
changed. 
Thanks,
kevin
Jen,
Great to hear from you.  Early congrats on your graduation.  Everything has 
been
going well down in the Lone Star State.  I got married in September down the 
Jersey
shore and everything has been going well.  We bought a house back in May.  It 
needs
an incredible amount of work.  We own the ugliest house on the block, by far.
How are things in Indiana?  Are you and Paul still together?  How is he 
doing?  When
is the last time you were back in Jersey?  We went back over Christmas but 
only for
a couple days.  I think next year we'll go back during New Year's instead of 
Christmas.
If you ever get near Texas or pass through Houston, please give us a call You both
are always welcome to stay at our house.  My phone # is (713) 880-4157.  My 
work
# is (713) 853-6320.  Hope to hear from you soon.
Kevin
What will you be doing?  You guys aren't moving are you?
Kevin
Give me a call when you get in.
Kevin
How's everything going?  Are you enjoying yourself?  How's the new position How's the family?
Kevin
Conway,
Let me know what you think and Lisa and I will talk about it some more as 
well.
Talk to you soon.
Kevin
Sounds exciting.  Keep me up to date on how everything is going.
Talk to you soon,
Kevin
The following article appeared in today's Chronicle.
Jan. 25, 2001, 10:59PM
Enron rating setup irks many workers 
By L.M. SIXEL 
TONGUES ARE WAGGING at Enron Corp., and it's not because of the bonuses 
they're expecting next month. 
Employees are irate about a new performance-review ranking system that pits 
them against each other. 
Under the system, nicknamed "rank and yank," employees will be put in one of 
five categories: 5 percent will be identified as "superior," 30 percent will 
be labeled "excellent," 30 percent will be called "strong," 20 percent will 
be labeled "satisfactory" and 15 percent will be called "needs improvement" 
or "issues 
An insider said "needs improvement" means "you have one leg hanging out the 
window." And "issues" is Enron lingo for "you're gone 
The rankings, whose names reportedly took Enron officials hours to come up 
with, are not based just on performance. 
Instead, they compare employee against employee. 
"It is possible, therefore, for someone to perform at the same or higher 
level compared to prior periods, yet receive a lower rating for the current 
period if other employees' performance raised the bar," according to a memo 
from Chief of Staff Steven Kean and Executive Vice President Cindy Olson that 
was distributed this month. 
While employees are competing against each other for ratings, they're also 
expected to be team players, according to the memo. 
`Horse-trading' of rank denied
The problem, according to someone familiar with the new system, is the 
horse-trading that goes on when the rankings are divided up. 
Managers trade rankings like baseball cards, explained the insider, offering 
to downgrade one employee if they can get a better rating for another 
employee. 
An employee's ranking is more a function of the negotiating skills of the 
manager he is working for, the insider said. 
Olson, who's over human resources and community relations, said no 
horsetrading is going on. The rankings, due out this week, aren't set in 
stone, she said. Only 9 percent of employees were rated in the bottom 
category while 6 to 7 percent were labeled superior, she said. 
But Olson said she can see how employees might be worried about the prospect 
of bargaining. 
She speculated that one reason employees might worry is because it's a new 
system for about 60 percent of Enron's employees. In years past, only the 
wholesale energy services group was ranked this way. 
Some human resource managers expressed surprise that Enron, which is known 
for hiring superstars, apparently feels that it must get rid of so many 
employees -- or at least put them on notice that they're not doing well. 
It doesn't say much about the confidence of your recruiting system if you're 
getting rid of 10 to 15 percent of your work force each year, said a human 
resource manager in Houston who asked to remain anonymous. 
Some may not fit in
Some people, as smart and talented as they are, just don't fit into Enron's 
culture, Olson said. It's a company that doesn't tell people what to do; you 
have to know what adds value, she said. Some folks just have a hard time in 
that environment. 
After thinking about it for a moment, Olson added that maybe Enron's 
recruiters aren't doing a good enough job weeding out the people who wouldn't 
do well in an entrepreneurial environment. 
Forced ranking systems were popular several years ago. But they fell out of 
favor, in part because they were seen as damaging employee motivation. 
Several years ago, Houston Lighting & Power put in a forced ranking system, 
dividing all employees into four groups, with "1" the top group and "4" the 
lowest. Employees were so angry with the system that some work crews had 
T-shirts printed: "Don't ask me -- I'm a 3 
Olson said she doesn't see a problem with motivation. People like to know how 
they stand and will work hard to reach the top category, she said. 
But many of the employees -- at least the ones who rate above satisfactory won't know how they're rated. Managers don't have to reveal the ratings. 
And as for figuring out what it takes to be superior? You've got to reinvent 
your job, add new business lines or create something totally new. 
"Employees understand that when it's explained to them," Olson said. 
Return to top
Click on banner for more information
Julie,
Glad to hear some positive news.  Hope you are doing quite well.  Talk to you
soon.
Kevin
Correction,  I don't think thinks will blow over this summer, I think things 
could blow
up and actually be a lot worse than they are now.  In terms of longer term, I 
think
a lot depends on how the state tries to resolve the problem.  It will be 
interesting to
see.  I feel that the summer will be very interesting, especially if 
California gets the
kind of heat they had last summer.  Stay in touch.
KR
The house thing is a tough call.  It's hard to say.   If you're not in any 
hurry to buy, the summer should give
you a good indication of continuing energy problems.  I personally think that 
the problem will come and go 
for a while, but a lot depends on how California's legislature deals with the 
situation.  I have no idea what 
they'll end up doing - they've acted pretty poorly already.
What's your time frame on a house?  If you're only concern is that prices are 
at their highest level in the last 
decade, I wouldn't worry too much about that.  It's impossible to time the 
market -  who would've thought 
San Francisco's housing prices would be at these current levels.   There are 
also a lot of intangibles associated 
with home ownership as your aware of 
I would be concerned about the energy situation, so just try to keep abreast 
of it.  Also, you could call me if you
have any questions.  I'll try to help the best I can.  Take care and tell Kim 
and Kendall I said hi.
Kevin
BriLowery@aol.com on 01/22/2001 10:48:39 PM
Chump!
This energy crisis is making me question  my timing on buying a house.  I'm
thinking if the economy tanks the housing prices will dip a little.  They
just crack the highs of 1989 this last two years.  Any opinions?
I start my Texas travel in February.  I'll be in Dallas for the first full
week and back in March in Dallas again.  Starting the end of March I'll be
there almost every week for about 6 months.  You'll be seeing more of me than
you want.  When we get closer to March I'll give you a buzz to set up some
dates.
Sorry about the Kendall picture, I'll try again.
Take care, B
Brett,
I thought I had your home phone #, but I only have your work #.  As a result,
I didn't call you this weekend.  Send me your home # so I can give you a ring.
By the way, Happy 35th birthday.  I hope you had a good one.
Kevin
Mr. B. Lowery,
First of all, you sent me a picture with the head cut off.  I couldn't even 
see Kendall.
I don't know if something happened with the translation of the file, but try 
to send
it again if you can 
In   to California's energy crisis, I think that California is screwed 
- big time.
I think it has the potential to cripple the state's economy.  If, like you 
said, noone 
really talks about it much in SoCal, I would bet that will change soon.  It 
has the potential
to affect every person in the state.  Not only will consumers end up bailing 
out the
utilities - SoCal Edison, San Diego, Gas and Electric, PG&E - but it will 
likely prevent
many new companies from setting up shop in California.  After all, who would 
want
to put millions of dollars in an operation that will be subject to power 
interruptions 
while paying the highest utility bills in the country.  I think that the only 
way California
will come out of this OK, is if it has the least energy intensive weather for 
the foreseeable
future.  I don't think this is a problem that will be resolved within the 
next couple years.
But remember, that is just my meaningless opinion.
When do you start coming to Texas.  Let me know so we can try to hook up I'll talk to
you soon 
Kevin
(See attached file: Sweets_Wedding_Letter.doc)
(See attached file: Sweets_Wedding_Letter.doc)
- Sweets_Wedding_Letter.doc
Bri,
What's the deal with this Gray Davis guy?  What's your opinion on him?
He's
pretty much out to lunch on this whole energy crisis thing.  I was
wondering how
the citizens of California viewed him.
Hope everything is going well with Kim, Kendall and yourself.  Talk to you
soon.
Send an updated picture if you have one.
Kevin
I did get your email and my work number is 713-853-6320.  My home # is
713-880-4157.  I'll give you a call this weekend.  It's incredibly difficult 
for
me to talk at work so I'll give you a shout at home.   Talk to you soon.
KR
Bri,
What's the deal with this Gray Davis guy?  What's your opinion on him?  He's
pretty much out to lunch on this whole energy crisis thing.  I was wondering 
how
the citizens of California viewed him 
Hope everything is going well with Kim, Kendall and yourself.  Talk to you 
soon.
Send an updated picture if you have one.
Kevin
Tell me about the new job.  What will you be doing?
Kevin
I've emailed you after both of your messages.  Did you fail to get them.  Let 
me know.
Kevin
What planet did Gray Davis come from??  What's the perception of this guy in
California??  Hope all is well.
KR
Julie,
If they want to pay $5.15, that's fine with me.  I do have $5.11 in the 
system but I could
have easily made a mistake.  Let me know if you have any other questions.
Kevin
P.S.  Sorry it took me so long to reply.
I hope you picked up some EOG on Friday or today.
KR
Stamas,
If you could only own one stock what would it be?  For me it would be EOG 
Resources - don't
ignore this one.
KR
Counnnnnnnnn,
What's up?   I heard Conway emailed you the other day about New Orleans.  I'm 
going to 
meet Conway and Jughead in N.O. on Nov 17 - 19 for a weekend getaway.  I just 
booked
my flight a couple days ago and wanted to see if there was any way you could 
make it
down.  It seems Conway has gotten a cheap hotel room with his military 
discount - one of the
perks of working for Uncle Sam.  I'm sorry for the short notice but we just 
decided to do it a 
few days ago.  If you could make it, we'd all love to see you.  If not, we'll 
have to get together
when I'm in NJ over Christmas.  Tell Chris we said hi.  Hope everything is 
going great for the
both of you.  Talk to you soon.
Kevin
I'm goin' to have to bag on the game.  My return flight is at noon on Sunday. 
I get in at 4:45pm on Friday.  What time will you be in?  Do you want me to 
check
on a place to eat Friday or Saturday?  Let me know.
KR
I'm interested in donating.  Can I find out more info about the specifics of 
the procedure and the timing?
Kevin Ruscitti
x3-6320
Stacey Dempsey@
10/09/2000 01:46 PM
Last chance!
Don't forget to sign up to see:
Hunter Shively- VP of Trading from Central Gas- October 11 from 4 to 5 in EB 
5C2
Call or email Stacey Dempsey to reserve your spot!
They need to go back to Div IAA.  There currently children in a man's world.
Sorry it's taken me so long to reply, but I just checked my email.  We were 
out of town the
last few days.  It sounds like you've been doing a lot of thinking and 
reflecting.   I think it healthy
to analyze one's actions in order to better understand oneself.  This better 
understanding, I find,
typically leads to self improvement and greater control, and ultimately, more 
happiness in life.
However, do not let it lead to any form of regret - that would be unfair.  We 
all have regrets, but
these regretted actions typically make us stronger and better people in the 
long run 
I forwarded your email to Patty Kampmann, not Patti Campi.  As you might 
imagine, I got a kick
out of that.
Talk to you soon.
Kevin  
Hope all is well.  I haven't forgot abt the Hawaiin Electric position.  I'll 
try to get in touch with
my friend today.  I've been out of town for the last few days.
Kevin
Frank Conway  Kevin,
Patty Kampmann had wanted Irene Pappas' email address. ?Here are the two that 
I have for her. ?Please forward them to Patty.
Thanks,
Frank
thekartons@hotmail.com
tkarton@dairy-farm.com.hk 
Rebecca,
I was promoted to Manager this past PRC.  Please let me know whether or not 
you received notice.
I want to make sure the files have been updated appropriately.
Thanks,
Kevin
Cherly,
I have been promoted out of the Associate program last PRC.  As a result, if 
you could take me off the Analyst/
Associate distribution list I'd deeply appreciate it.  Thanks and let me know 
if you have any questions or if you
haven't been notified of the promotion.
Kevin Ruscitti
x3-6320
Hunter,
Per your request.
1.)  Traded the Gulf Coast region starting in Sept/Oct 1999.
-  Developed valuable customer relationships
-  Managed Gulf position with Tom Donahoe
-  Gulf book was profitable during this time period.
2.)  Moved to Market Book in January 2000.
-   Responsible for trading Michigan and Wisconsin markets
-   Managed Market Book w/ Patrice Thurston.
-   Market book is profitable
3.)  Managed own book starting in May 2000.
-  More than doubled daily volume traded in both Michcon
and Consumers.
-  Developed and managed multiple products on EOL including
-->  Physical forwards
-->  Gas Daily Swaps
-->  Physical Basis Swaps
-->  Physical Index 
-  Michigan Market Book is profitable
4,)  Prior to joining Gas Trading I worked in Power Structuring where I was 
involved in
-  Asset Valuation
-  Commodity/Option Pricing
Let me know if you need anything else 
Thanks,
Kevin
TJ,
Thanks for the congratulatory message you left on our voicemail - it made us 
feel great.
We actually didn't go on a honeymoon - we will take one sometime next year We've just
been swamped with the house we recently bought.  We bought an old small 
bungalow
in the city.  What a money pit.  Hope everything is going great.  Tell 
everyone we said
hi.
Thanks again,
Kevin
The one thing I remember is that they are incredibly expensive and somewhat 
troublesome
to maintain.  Depending on how old it is, I definitely  wouldn't recommend it 
as your primary car.
Hope you had a good time at the wedding.  It was one of the best weekends 
I've had in ages.
Talk to you soon.
Kevin
I'm glad you had a great time.  It meant a lot to Lisa and me that you were 
able to spend
the entire weekend with us.  I honestly can't remember the last time I had so 
much fun.  I
hope you felt the same way.  Talk to you soon.
Kevin
Congrats on the beautiful baby.  Let's get together soon, if even for coffee 
in the afternoon.  Call
me at x3-6320 when you get a chance.
Kevin
Susan,
I need to take a look at the following contracts.  Will you please have 
someone run them down
to me in Central Gas Trading when you get a chance?
Counterparty   Sitara  Global # Synergi #
AEC Marketing USA  249169  96017703 016-01611-01-002 
Crestar    249175  96022399 016-20948-301
Star Natural Gas  249312  96042209
Kaztex Energy Mgmt  393061  96000734 016-48012-302
BP Amoco   381839  96044917
Utilicorp   263333  96033084
Wisconsin Power & Light 363412  96045390
Amoco Energy Trading  391154  96041011
Tenaska Marketing Ventures 387768  96001395 016-87283-01-002 
My cube # is 3234D and my extension is x3-6320.
Thanks,
Kevin  
I appreciate the email.  I figured something must be wrong for you to miss 
the big day, but I was afraid to call.  The
important thing, obviously, is that you get better.  We'll just have to 
figure out a way to meet up with you in the near
future.  Tell everyone I said hi and keep me informed of your operation and 
recovery.  We'll all miss you very much.
Hugs and Kisses,
Kevin.
P.S.  Tell Tom and John we said hi.
Any deal with a quantity discrepancy is being investigated.
Sounds great.  Moller's email address is Richard.J.Moller@marshmc.com.  I do 
not have anyone else's email,
but Moller should be able to provide you with Coun's and Ricigiliano's.  Just 
ask him.  Let me know if you need anything
else.
Thanks,
Kevin
Hey bro
What is happening?! Fishing stuff is coming along. The charter is set for
Sept. 22nd in the A.M. departing from point pleasant. Capt. Gene will get
back to me in a week or so with more details.
The cost is $50 per person. No bottles allowed but you can bring cans or
cups. I've got the beer and drinks. Also pack food. Trip should be about 8
hours.
Contacted Rich Moeller and let him know about the time and specifics. It
looks like 14 people are going with the possibility of about 20 (5 are still
undecided). Should be a good time.
If you have some e-mail addresses for Rich or Rosigliano or a couple of
other people please supply them to me so I can keep everyone posted on the
details.
The big date is less than 4 weeks away (Can you believe it?)
Hope all is well,
Keith
Share information about yourself, create your own public profile at
Liz,
Here's the file.  Thanks for your help.
Kevin
Dax A. Sanders
Associate - Bandwidth Origination
Enron Broadband Services
Work: (713) 853-3864
Cell: (713) 598-7832
david_kinder@kindermorgan.com
08/28/00 01:09 PM
Please forward this on to Mike and Kevin.  The turnaround time is rather
quick so you probably should contact this person directly to tell him that
you will be coming and sending a check to the address referenced in the
invitation.  Just tell him that you received the invitation from Kara Kinder
Howes (my cousin) and David Kinder.  Kara is one of the hosts of the event.
DK
This is the guy's name.
Joseph A. Manero
Principal
The Ayes of Texas
Political Consulting + Public Affairs
723 Main Street, Suite 922
Houston, Texas 77002
713.526.3566  Voice
Attached is an invitation to a fundraiser for Senator Kay Bailey Hutchison.
It is at Mesa Grill on West Gray on August 31.  Food and entertainment by
Jack Ingram is included.  Please call me at 713/221-1571 (work) or at
713/572-3692 (home) if you have any questions.    there!
Kara Howes
Katherine K. Howes
Bracewell & Patterson, L.L.P.
(713)221-1571
(713)222-3215 (fax)
khowes@bracepatt.com 
The file can be viewed using the Adobe Acrobat Reader.  If you do not have
the Reader installed on your computer, you can download it for free from the
following address: 
To send the invitation to your guests/invitees, you may wish to use it as a
file attachment in an email to them, or you may wish to print it and fax it
to them individually.  It is designed in such a way to fax in a very clean
manner.  Please let me know if you have any trouble with the file.
Please instruct your guests/invitees to mail their checks as soon as
possible, in order to get an accurate head count prior to the event.  The
address is on the invitation, but here it is again: KBH Mesa Event, PO Box
540962, Houston, TX 77254-0962.
Thank you for your hard work to make the event a great success!
Please call me if you have any questions.
Joseph A. Manero
Principal
The Ayes of Texas
Political Consulting + Public Affairs
723 Main Street, Suite 922
Houston, Texas 77002
713.526.3566  Voice
281.754.4662  Fax
Susan,
Could you please provide me with copies of the attached contracts.  I think 
you received a similar
request from Tom Donaho.  Contact me if you have any questions.   Thanks for 
your help.
Kevin
P.S. My desk # is 3234D and my telephone number is 3-6320.
My bro' was supposed to get in touch with you.  The trip will be on Friday, 
the 22nd.  It's the day
before the wedding.  I hope you could go.  Could you please give Coun, 
Ricigs, and Sweets a call
to see if they have any interest.  Let me know.
Hope everything is going well.
KR
Conway,
Where are you at now?  Are you in the states?  Let  me know.
Kevin
I never heard back from you.  Do you still have an interest in the group?
Kevin
Great to hear.  Congratulations to the both of you.  I'll talk to you
soon.
Kevin and Lisa
Jay,
Give me a call if you have any questions.  Looking forward to working with=20
you.
Kevin
Attention:  Fossil Fuel Group
Jay Snider
=20
Thank you for your interest in EnronOnline.
The following is a guest password that will allow you temporary view only=20
access to EnronOnline.  Please note, the user ID and password are CASE=20
SENSITIVE.
Guest User ID:  GNA53495
Guest Password: QQ83BB76
This temporary guest access will expire on Aug 4.
In order to apply for transaction status with EnronOnline, your company needs=20
to complete a Password Application and Registration Form for a Master User=20
account.  Each Master User will be able to grant various levels of access for=20
additional users. =20
To obtain a Password Application and Registration Form, you can visit our=20
website at www.enrononline.com and select the =01&How to Register=018 link, or call=20
our HelpDesk at 713/853-HELP (4357).   Alternatively, you may click on the=20
attached documents, complete the forms, and fax to 713-646-8511.
Just a reminder, in order to access EnronOnline, Shockwave needs to be=20
installed.  The Shockwave installer can be found within "About EnronOnline"=20
on the home page.  After opening "About EnronOnline", using right scroll bar,=20
go to the bottom.  Click on "download Shockwave" and follow the directions. =20
After loading Shockwave, shut down and reopen browser (i.e. Microsoft=20
Internet Explorer/Netscape).
We hope you will find that EnronOnline provides an easy and more efficient=20
way to do business with Enron. We look forward to transacting with you online.
Sincerely,
Danny Lee
EnronOnline HelpDesk
713/853-HELP (4357)
I could meet today after 5pm.  Give me a call at x3-6320.
Kevin
Alberto,
You're best bet is to send a resume to Chris Gaskill.  Chris is starting a 
new fundamental analysis group.  I know he
is looking for a few more people to get this group off the ground.  If you're 
interested in trading, it's probably the best
way to get involved in this side of the business.  I'm not sure if you have a 
long term interest in trading or if you're just
looking for a rotation.  Give me a call also after 4pm and I could provide 
you with some insight into the area.
Until then send Chris an email with your resume attached or you could talk to 
me first if you'd like.
Kevin
Russell,
Let me know if you need any more info.  Please let me know status as soon as 
possible.
Counterparty:  City of Holland, Michigan
Contact:  Bruce Van Farowe
Phone #: (616) 355-1204
Email:  vanfarow@hollandbpw.com
Thanks,
Kevin 
P,
Please forward this to GD.  Thanks,
Kevin
What a relief.  Hope everything is going well.
KR
Let's say tomorrow at 6am.  See you then unless I hear back from you.
Kevin
Jim,
Do you have any availability this week?
Kevin
Luke's growing like crazy.  Great to see the update.  Yeah,   the wedding is 
getting near and
the plans are pretty much complete.  We're really just having family so the 
plans at this point are minimum.
How's everything in California.  Is Lowery showing up on your doorstep every 
Sunday at dinner time?  I wouldn't
be surprised.
Did I tell you about the dinner I attended in NY a month ago.  What an 
event.  The party included - get this crew Bill Ricigliano, Dan Sweetser, Jonathan Counnnn, Richie Moller, Brian Sh and yes, Vincent Lima.  We were
all privey to Moller drinking a 12 oz. glass of fresh piss.  Some things 
never change.
Talk to you soon.
Kevin
Great to hear you'll be back soon.  Get me a call when you get back in the 
states and
tell that Fathead I said hi.
Kevin
Sweet house - I hope everything works out.  When are you trying to close Did they accept your offer?
Talk to you soon.
Kevin
Had a great time in SF.  Went to the wine country for a few days.  Was sad to 
come back
to Houston.  We haven't done much on the house since your visit.  I'll talk 
to you soon.  Tell
Marie we said hi.
Kevin
Angela,
I'm not looking for another rotation.  I will be staying in NG trading and 
will hopefully be 
getting promoted this PRC session.  Let me know if you have any questions.
Kevin
Thanks for the gift certificate. You shouldn't have done that.  I'm heading 
to San Francisco
tomorrow for 5 days.  I'll talk to you when I get back.
Kevin
Let's shoot for 6:30am on Friday.  I should be able to meet for about 15 
minutes.  Let me know
if this works for you.
Kevin
Your boy Gore is a nut.  How's everything going?  Looking forward to seeing 
you Gloria and Tommy over
Christmas.
Take Care,
Kevin
- West_Palm_Beach_voters..doc
Sounds great.  Let me know what your schedule is like.
Kevin
Please send me a few recommended B&Bs and restaurants.  Thanks for your help.
Kevin
My email at home is kruscitti@aol.com (I think).
Good to hear from you.  The name of the jeweler is William Crescent and his 
phone
number is (708) 418-5075.  He is located in Lansing IL and his address is 
18049 Torrence Ave
Lansing, IL  60438
Let him know I recommended him and if he doesn't remember me tell him I was 
referred
by Greg Penmann and Mike Curry.  They both bought their engagement rings from 
Bill.
He's a pretty cool guy so just tell him what your looking for in terms of 
cut, clarity, color,
and carat.  He'll receive a number of stones that fit your description and 
describe them
over the phone.  He should encourage you to shop his prices.  I found him to 
be very
competitive.  Let me know how it goes.
Are you available to meet next Tuesday afternoon around 4pm.  Let me know.
Kevin
Thanks.  Is there something I could do to facilitate the process.
KR
Any word.  I've been waiting for a while on this issue.
Kevin
Thanks for the update.  Let me know when everything is a go.
Hi Kevin
We are going to embarass Lisa alittle by playing a questionaire game. So
if you could answer the questions and we will see if Lisa knows the
answers Thanks Cee
1. Your favorite thing to have for dinner
Sushi
2.  Your favorite type of wine
Cabernet 
3.  Your favorite sport to watch on T.V.
Hockey 
4.  Your favorite hobby
She'll probably say I have no hobbies. 
5.  Your shoe size
10 
6.  Your favorite music group
Springsteen or Van Morrison 
7.  Your favorite actress
Ashley Judd
8.  Your favorite color
Blue 
9.  Your favorite TV show
Saprano's
10.  Her best attribute
Physically - Eyes
Otherwise - Her kindness/thoughtfulness
11.  Where you were born
Mt. Holly Hospital - N.J.
12.  Where you went on your first date
Restaurant near Madison, N.J. (I forget name)
Touches is where we 1st met.
13.  Where you were for your first kiss
Back at her place after Touches.
14.  Most favorite trip that you have taken together. Alone?
Europe - Paris
15.  Favorite dessert
Cannoli
I know the answers to a lot of these so I don't know if they are too easy if
you have a few to stump her just throw it in, Thanks very much
Cee
15.  I can't think of any now but I'll try and let you know.
You're correct, I am saddened to see such a great x-Philly treated so 
poorly.  I often look back 
with wonder at how much ground Stocker would cover at the shortstop position, 
not to mention
his tremendous power for a man of such small stature.  He could only be 
compared to x-Philly
and future hall of famer - Ivan DeJesus.  The only uncertainty is whether or 
not Ivan will elect
to be inducted under the Philly or Cubs uniform.
On the house front,  we purchased one and moved in at the beginning of May It's a fixer-upper.
All our weekends are spent working on it.
I gotta run, but thanks for the email.  Let me know how everything is going 
in your world.  Tell
Rina and the kids we said hi.
Kevin 
I forgot, we have a new telephone # (713) 880-4157.  I'll pick you up on 
Thursday
and I'll take Friday off.  Looking forward to seeing you.
KR
Thank you.
Kevin
Rebecca,
I am no longer in the A/A program.  I got promoted this past review period Please let me
know if you got the update or not.
Thanks,
Kevin
x3-6320
I have no additional info.  I was waiting to hear back from you.  I'll give 
them a call.
Kevin
Unfortunately there're not.  I already checked 
Thanks
Everything is correct except from my location - 3234B.
Let me know if you need anything else.
Thanks,
Kevin
I'll be in town all weekend.  Looking forward to seeing you.  Anything in 
particular
you want to do in the Lone Star State.
KR
F.P.,
Do you have your schedule yet?  Let me know as soon as you can.  I need to
schedule a trip with work and I'll schedule it around your visit.  Looking 
forward
to seeing you.
KR
Still waiting to hear back about your possible visit.  Any word?
Kevin
Did you pull the trigger?
Debra,
Could you call me when we're set to trade w/ Cinnabar?  Thanks for your help, 
I appreciate it.
Kevin
x3-6320
That would be great.
Thanks,
Kevin
Dan J Hyvl
11/14/2000 12:51 PM
They appear to have made the changes that we requested.  Do you want me to 
fill in the name of the Seller and print off 2 originals for signature.  If 
not, please fill in the name and forward to me for initialling before the 
contract is signed by ENA 
Kevin Ruscitti
11/14/2000 12:01 PM
T.J.
Thanks for the picture.  I'm glad you guys like the gift.  Luke looks just 
like Rena, huh?
As far as Ricigs goes, I don't have his phone # or address.  I think Moller 
does though.
Let me know  if you need his #.  Take care and tell Rena and Luke we said hi.
Kevin
We will be in town.  It would be great to see you and Marie.  Sorry for the 
delayed response,
I seem to check my emails around once every 2 weeks.  I hope you could make 
it out.  I'll check 
into some things to do.
Let me know.
Kevin
We should be in town that week.  I'll make sure we save the date.
Kevin
Kelly,
I spoke with my friend and he mentioned that Michael was already talking to 2 
firms and he
didn't want to recommend a third at this time.  I told him that if anything 
changes, let me know.
It was worth a try anyway.  I'll talk to you soon 
Kevin
That would be great.  Let me know so I could get tix to a ballgame if the 
Astros are in town that weekend.
I'm going to the game next Monday to see McGwire and the Cards.  Glad to hear 
everything's going well.
I got a call from Peremes on Saturday.  She heard I got engaged and was 
pissed I didn't tell her.  I think she's
smoking serious crack 'cause I told her when I talked to her about 6 mos. 
ago.  I guess she just chose to ignore
me as usual.
Talk to you soon.
KR
P.S.  We just closed on a house this past Friday.  It's in need of some 
serious work.  Hopefully it'll be
habitable by the time you see it. 
Chump,
Long time no hear.  Sorry it's taken me so long to touch base with you Between work, the wedding,
and the fact that we just purchased a house (pending inspections) I've been 
pretty stressed.
As far as the wedding goes Lisa and I have decided to scale down 
considerably.  We're only going
to have immediately family and the folks in the wedding party.  For me that 
includes you of course, Moller,
Kampy and Peremes (even though she won't be in the wedding).  Don't tell her 
though, she's the only
one I haven't mentioned anything to.  I'll make sure you and Moller get to 
share a room.  I feel kinda bad
about not inviting Lowery since I was in his wedding, but I don't feel like 
dealing with Kim.  She's really 
annoyed me the last few times I've seen her.
We still plan on having it at the B&B in Long Beach Island.  We'll have a 
catered dinner for about 45 folks.
It should be more manageable and cheaper this way.
Do you have the exact date when you'll move back to the states?  I'm psyched 
you'll be a lot closer.  You
could swing over to Houston and check out the new house.  By that time we 
should have it in decent shape.
We bought the ugliest, most beat-up house on the block.  It definitely needs 
a lot of work.  We'll be busy for
the next year working on it.  I think when it's done,  it'll look pretty cool.
Anyway,  send me an email and let me know how everything's going and when 
you'll be back.  Take care and
tell Marie we said hi.
Kevin
We'd love to go to the opener.  Let's talk Monday.  I don't know if I'll be 
able to get downstairs by 11:00am, so let's 
work something out.
Kevin
Todd Johnson  Kev,
Check this good looking guy out!
TJ
- LukewMom.JPG
- Lukesnewhat.JPG
- Lukescradlerocker.JPG
Kevin Ruscitti
Gas Trading (Central)
Hunter Shively
Long Term Origination, Power Structuring
May 5, 1998
Gas Trading is my final rotation.  This is my permanent position.
If you have any questions, call me at X3-8530.
Thanks,
Kevin Ruscitti
Cheryl.Kuehl@ on 03/02/2000 09:11:48 AM
ASSOCIATES
We are in the process of making enhancements to the Associate Program.  In
order to ensure that your interests are considered, it is imperative that
you provide the following information to Cheryl Kuehl at EB 1195 or via
email  by Friday, March 10th.
NAME:
CURRENT ROTATION:
CURRENT MANAGER:
PREVIOUS ROTATIONS:
DATE YOU STARTED IN THE PROGRAM:
IF PROMOTED TO AN ASSOCIATE, DATE PROMOTED:
BUSINESS UNIT/COMPANY  PREFERENCE  (Rank 1-5;  1 being your first choice)
1.
2.
3.
4.
5.
We thank you in advance for your co-operation.
Congrats Murli,
Sorry it's taken me so long to get back to you.  I'm glad you accepted a job 
at Enron.
I know you'll enjoy it.  As far as ECI goes, what group is this?  Is this the 
Communications
group?  I would not recommend EES however.  I think you're experience would 
be better
at ECT (now ENA) or Enron Communications.   Give me a call at 713-853-6320 
(W) and
we can talk.  Also I'm still in an apt so I don't know any real estate 
brokers to refer you to.
Talk to you soon.
Kevin
713-853-6320 (W)
713-830-0671 (H)
Could you please extend the guest id that expired for FTEnergy, the publisher 
of gas daily.  Please call me
when this is completed.  We need to have these folks view our daily indices.
Thanks,
Kevin Ruscitti
x3-6320
Dave,
It was great getting a chance to finanlly meet the other night.  Hope you 
enjoyed dinner.
Since then, I've been thinking abt some of our conversation re: the PBR.  I 
have a quick
question - why wouldn't you under withdraw in Feb and over withdraw in Mar if 
Mar is currently
higher than Feb.  You could lock this in by buying Mar forward.  Also,  what 
happens if you
withdraw in Mar and the Summer peaks higher than what you withdrew at?  How 
is this accounted
for?
I'll talk to you after you get back from Houston.
Kevin
I hope that didn't surprise you.  You notice that our avg GMATs are stronger 
than Harvards.
Mike Curry
02/15/2000 11:06 AM
MBA salaries, tuition Michael Danielson
02/15/2000 10:31 AM
Todd Johnson  Hi All,
Luke Tatsu Johnson arrived at 3:26 AM on 2/5.  Tatsu is Japanese for dragon -
2000 is the year of the dragon.  He weighed in at 9 lbs. 14.5 oz.  Mom and 
Luke
are doing great!!  Talk to you soon.
Proud Papa,
TJ
- Mama'sLap.JPG
- LukeNursery2.JPG
- Father&Son.JPG
Congratulations!!
I couldn't be happier for you two.  How's Rena feeling - probably relieved, 
huh?
Thanks for the call with the news.  We were out for the day, that's why 
didn't get back
to you.  I'll try you today.
Kevin
P.S.  Great Name
You gotta get more current jokes.  That one's been floating around for quite 
some
time now.  How's everything in SF?  Have you moved into your new office?
KR
Leroy,
Thanks for the email.  Sorry it took so long to get back to you - I actually 
am just catching up
with my emails now - Friday at 5pm.  I'm interested in talking to you about 
the lunch discussion.
Kevin
3-6320
Great to hear from you as always.  It'll be great to have you 
back in the states.  By the way, I attached a copy of the boys.
I hope it comes across OK.
Talk to you soon.
Kevin
- DCP00617.BMP
Great to hear from you.  Things have been going well in Houston.  Lisa is 
working for Johnson Controls.
It must be a long time since we've talked b/c she's been with Johnson for 
about 5 months.  I love my
new job - I'm trading gas up in the Midwest market area - Illinois and 
Michigan.  Things have been 
incredibly busy.
The wedding plans have changed considerably.  As I'm sure you can relate to, 
the stress of planning 
combined with the input of so many others have made us decide to have a 
wedding with only our folks 
there and not even have a reception.   We figured we could put the money 
toward a house and save
a lot of anger, frustration and stress.
How's the job, new house, and Terri doing?  Have you been to many Bears 
games?  The Scarlet Knights
have been so inconsistent this year.  I think a lot is due to their youth.
Let's talk soon.
Kevin
Anne Marie,
Unfortunately, it doesn't look like I'll be able to interview at UCLA on the 
11th.
Keep me in mind for next time though.
Kevin
Murli,
Great to hear from you.  I'm glad you accepted the offer - I'm sure you'll
enjoy you're experience at Enron.  Good luck during your final semester.
Kevin
Dan,
Please take a look at the new Purchase agreement and let me know what you 
think.
Thanks,
Kevin
That is if you ever get you LLC set up.  Look forward to trading with you in 
2001.
KR
Joke, huh?
Davis,
Let me know if this helps.
kevin
If I understand you correctly, it may depend to an extent on season basis 
differentials as well.
Why don't you give me a call so I could better understand what you're trying 
to do.
Kevin
x3-6320
KRuscitti@aol.com on 01/06/2000 05:29:38 PM
cccc
- DCP00617.BMP
KRuscitti@aol.com on 01/06/2000 05:29:38 PM
cccc
- DCP00617.BMP
I received the email.
Thanks,
kevin
Dude,
What's your work #.  I need to give you a call.
Kevin
T.J.,
I need your LA address.  I'm sure I have it some place but I can't find it.
How's everything going?  How's Rena?  Are you heading home for the 
holidays or staying in LA?
Also,  if you have Lowery's address and phone # could you forward it.
Thanks,
Kevin
You too.  Make sure you tell Paul I said Hi.
Kevin
Jennifer Lynn DeLater  my address is same but here it is again...52022 spruce rd..new carlisle,
in  46552.......if I don't talk to you til after christmas have a great
holiday...jen
Outlook Migration Team@
04/17/2001 12:45 PM
Current Notes User:=20
To ensure that you experience a successful migration from Notes to Outlook, it is necessary to gather individual user information prior to your date of migration.  Please take a few minutes to completely fill out the following survey.  When you finish, simply click on the 'Reply' button then hit 'Send'  Your survey will automatically be sent to the Outlook 2000 Migration Mailbox.
Thank you.
Outlook 2000 Migration Team
Full Name:        Kevin Ruscitti=09
Login ID:  kruscit
Extension:  x3-6320
Office Location:  EB3234D
What type of computer do you have?  (Desktop,  Laptop,  Both)  Desktop
Do you have a PDA?  If yes, what type do you have:   (None, IPAQ, Palm Pilot, Jornada)  Palm
Do you have permission to access anyone's Email/Calendar?  No
If yes, who? =20
Does anyone have permission to access your Email/Calendar?  No
If yes, who? =20
Are you responsible for updating anyone else's address book?  No
If yes, who? =20
Is anyone else responsible for updating your address book?  No
If yes, who? =20
Do you have access to a shared calendar?  No
If yes, which shared calendar? =20
Do you have any Distribution Groups that Messaging maintains for you (for mass mailings)?  No
If yes, please list here: =20
Please list all Notes databases applications that you currently use: =20
In our efforts to plan the exact date/time of your migration, we also will need to know:
Will you be out of the office in the near future for vacation, leave, etc?=09No
If so, when?        From (MM/DD/YY):      To (MM/DD/YY):     =20
I'll tell you what.  You give us your "want"  list and we'll make sure you can do it all.
Of course, after you assemble the chair.
What was Lowery doing in San Antonio??
KR
Sell 'em all.  There's no turnaround in sight 
What's going on??
KR
Thought you might find this interesting!!
XXOOXXOO,
Kevin
Chris,
Please take a look at the attached language and forward it to Stacey for her comments.
Thanks,
Kevin
Chris Walker
03/27/2001 12:07 PM
Stacy,
Kevin Ruscitti has requested a secondary firm ANR ML7 phy gas product for EOL.  I have located some language that you and Dale worked on back in May of 2000.  Please let me know if this language will be OK for our needs.  Also, will the current GTC for Phy gas need to be revised in any way?
Thanks,
CW
3-7533
David,
I have attached a listing of all my Bid Week transactions.  Let me know if you
have any questions.
Kevin Ruscitti
(713) 853-6320
Thanks,
Let me know if you're looking to sell some more, because I could do better than my
EOL bid in this case.
Kevin
Please sign me up.
Kevin Ruscitti
x3-6320
Parking & Transportation@
03/28/2001 04:07 PM
Sent by:	DeShonda Hamilton@
The Enron Center garage will be opening very soon.
Employees who work for business units that are scheduled to move to the new building and currently park in the Allen Center or Met garages are being offered a parking space in the new Enron Center garage.
This is the only offer you will receive during the initial migration to the new garage. Spaces will be filled on a first come first served basis. The cost for the new garage will be the same as Allen Center garage which is currently $165.00 per month, less the company subsidy, leaving a monthly employee cost of $94.00.
If you choose not to accept this offer at this time, you may add your name to the Enron Center garage waiting list at a later day and offers will be made as spaces become available. 
The Saturn Ring  that connects the garage and both buildings will not be opened until summer 2001. All initial parkers will have to use the street level entrance to Enron Center North until Saturn Ring access is available. Garage stairways next to the elevator lobbies at each floor may be used as an exit in the event of elevator trouble. 
If you are interested in accepting this offer, please reply via email to Parking and Transportation as soon as you reach a decision. Following your email, arrangements will be made for you to turn in your old parking card and receive a parking transponder along with a new information packet for the new garage.
The Parking and Transportation desk may be reached via email at Parking and Transportation/Corp/Enron or 713-853-7060  with any questions. 
(You must enter & exit on Clay St. the first two weeks, also pedestrians, will have to use the garage stairwell located on the corner of Bell & Smith.)
Please sign me up.
Thank you,
Kevin Ruscitti x3-6320
Parking & Transportation@
03/28/2001 04:07 PM
Sent by:=09DeShonda Hamilton@
The Enron Center garage will be opening very soon.
Employees who work for business units that are scheduled to move to the new building and currently park in the Allen Center or Met garages are being offered a parking space in the new Enron Center garage.
This is the only offer you will receive during the initial migration to the new garage. Spaces will be filled on a first come first served basis. The cost for the new garage will be the same as Allen Center garage which is currently $165.00 per month, less the company subsidy, leaving a monthly employee cost of $94.00.
If you choose not to accept this offer at this time, you may add your name to the Enron Center garage waiting list at a later day and offers will be made as spaces become available.=20
The Saturn Ring  that connects the garage and both buildings will not be opened until summer 2001. All initial parkers will have to use the street level entrance to Enron Center North until Saturn Ring access is available. Garage stairways next to the elevator lobbies at each floor may be used as an exit in the event of elevator trouble.=20
If you are interested in accepting this offer, please reply via email to Parking and Transportation as soon as you reach a decision. Following your email, arrangements will be made for you to turn in your old parking card and receive a parking transponder along with a new information packet for the new garage.
The Parking and Transportation desk may be reached via email at Parking and Transportation/Corp/Enron or 713-853-7060  with any questions.=20
(You must enter & exit on Clay St. the first two weeks, also pedestrians, will have to use the garage stairwell located on the corner of Bell & Smith.)
We'll just be doing some house shopping.  I think we're going to postpone the upgrade to
the existing house and look to buy a new house.  This would eliminate the need to move
out for 6 months.  I'm dying to live in a house that is complete.  Anyway, besides this we
don't seem to have much going on.  I'll just need to go into work for a few hours on Sunday.
Let me know what you want to do.
KR
Of course your Dad would be invited to anything we do, but if you'd rather spend the
time alone with him that weekend we could always make it another weekend.  The only
problem with the 12th is that we'll be consumed with the move the entire weekend.  Let
me know what works for you.  We're flexible after the 12th.
KR
You're correct, Enron doesn't get too involved in these conventions.  I don't know 
why.  It seems that some of the desks have some functions but mine never does.   My desk
seems to be pretty apathetic (probably not a good thing).  I think we've relied, more than
any of our other desks, on the financial and e-commerce sides of the business.  Probably
not a great thing.  Anyway, lets get together for a cocktail or dinner sometime within the 
next month.  Did you guys move to the Galleria location yet.  Let me know - we'll go get 
a big steak at Morton's or Ruths' Chris.  I assume a country boy like you is into some
good red meat.
KR
Stamos, 
Glad everyone had a good time at Sweets'.  I hope he had a blast.
In terms of your email reply,
you can have Calpine.  How are they going to make money long term if price 
caps are instituted?  This obviously would be the stupidest policy.  In addition
their exposure to the CA crisis must be pretty significant - when and how are they
going to get paid?  I wouldn't want to bank on the energy market in the most 
regulated state in the country.  Plus, if the state backs energy purchases, it's 
going to get to the point where who wants to own CA credit??  PG&E and Edison
International are doomed, as they should be.  The state of CA is going to go
down the tubes unless they find some good leadership.  Unfortunately, noone
out there seems to have the least clue on how to solve the problem.  The politicians
are a complete joke.  It is incredibly disheartening to witness the absolute stupidity
of the CA politicians in addressing this issue.  They seem to be much more focused 
on finger pointing than coming up with a viable solution.  I honestly think they are incable
of solving the problem 
KR
Did you go to any parties last night??  I was lame, I didn't go to a single one.  I heard
there were some decent ones.  How's life at Duke been?  I haven't talked to you much
since you've become a big ICE trader.   Talk to you soon.
KR
Stamos,
I don't think many buying opportunities out there.   The economy is going to get 
crushed this year.  There's only one place to put one's money now, and that is in cash.
The manufacturing sector is in dire straits and you will continue to see an increase in
plant shutdowns and company layoffs.  The Fed could continue to lower rates but there'll
be little capital investment if consumer spending dries up.  I feel we've just seen the beginning I think the Dow will be trading under 8000 by the end of April.
Psychologically, the California crisis will add to consumer fear.  The crisis is not a short term
problem.  As a result, barring any Federal bailout, you could kiss that state's economy goodbye.
Let me ask you a question; if you were paying (1) the highest real estate prices in the country, and 
(2) the highest energy prices for the least reliable power, in (3) the midst of a hi-tech meltdown, what would
keep you or your company from closing shop and moving to a different state??  If you own any
CA real estate, sell.  The only way to solve the CA energy crisis is to reduce demand or increase supply.
Since CA doesn't want any power plants in its backyard, the supply issue likely won't be solved anytime
soon.  So, how do impact demand??  You have to price energy(power/gas) so high that
the discretionary user (household, manufacturer, commercial store) conserves by closing its plant, cutting
back on the thermastat or running the commercial operation during off-peak hours.  California will see
this reduction in demand over time.  If the blackouts subside it's because so many businesses have
closed their doors for good or moved to another state.  Without this, the blackouts will get much worse.
If the state tries to get into the business of buying and selling electricity and gas, I would bet it will go
bankrupt within 2-3 yrs.  Could you imagine the impact on the national economy from the bankruptcy 
of the U.S.'s most prosperous state.  Obviously this is only my opinion, but I would keep my eyes on
the energy markets - that's where the key to the turnaround lies.  Take Care and thanks for the email.
Kevin 
That state will never be the same.  My prediction is that the state will be
bankrupt within the next 2 years unless the Federal Gov't bails it out.  I hope
Lowery has held off on buying his house.
Talk to you this weekend.  I blew off the Montana trip so I'll be home.
KR
Great to hear from you.  Looking forward to meeting in Houston for a baseball game.
Conway will be in Corpis soon so we should be able to do a weekend.  We should start
construction on the house in May - what an incredibly long process it is.  I definitely would
not do it if I had to do it over again.  One redeeming factor is that we bought on a good 
block.  We definitely have the ugliest house on the block.  We should get a pop in real
estate also when all the California companies start migrating to Texas 
Joking aside, unless you guys have incredibly mild weather this summer combined with
a lot of rainfall, you're summer will suck.  There is no doubt that the CA economy is going
to suffer a great recession.  You have a shortage of supply so the only way to ease the
problem is to reduce demand.  This usually occurs when prices reach levels where the price
sensitive buyers cut back.  However, with your boy Grey Davis pushing for  price caps, this won't
happen.   The next way for demand to be trimmed is for companies to leave, so this will probably
need to happen to an extent for the problem to ease.  The other factor, of course, is that you
could have an increase in supply - new power plants.  But being that the amt. of time it takes to 
develop and build a power plant in CA is about 3 times as long as in most other states combined
with the fact that CA hasn't had a new power plant in the last 10 years, an increase in supply
doesn't seem likely in the short term.  Again, this is only my opinion, so you could take it with
a grain of salt 
Talk to you soon.
Kevin
BL,
Have you experienced any blackouts yet?  I think you'll see a lot this summer.
What does everyone think about the situation?  Do they think it's a threat or not?  I think
the state is in for a horrific summer - I hope it doesn't turn out that way, but it'll be incredibly
difficult to avoid.
Hope everything's going well with work and with the family.  When's the next time you'll
be in Dallas?  Let me know.
KR
Thought you might like some interesting reading on ENE.  The writeup on ENE starts on page 4.
Penman
- prometheus010420.pdf 
Thanks Lee, I appreciate it.
Kevin
FYI  Aquila was a decent seller of Jun and Jun-Oct NGPL/LA today. Not much action on the Nov01-Mar02.
I'll keep you informed.  Feel free to call me at x3-6320 if you have any questions.
Kevin,
Per our conversation this morning, the attached spreadsheet should give you an idea how we are managing NGPL NSS storage.  The spreadsheet breaks out the current inventory level and the daily rights associated with the storage.
Let me know if you have any questions.
Lee
312-541-1211
Murli,
Friday may be tough b/c we just bought a new house and we actually move the next day.  However, let me check with Lisa and I'll
get back to you for sure.  Talk to you tomorrow.
Kevin
Kevin: How does Friday, 11th look for dinner? May be we go back to Thai Pepper.
Murli Nagwani
Enron Broadband Services
Office: 713-853-3236
Cell: 713-826-6359
Easter was great, how 'bout yours.  It was just me, Lisa and a friend of mine.
How's everything been with you?  How are the wedding plans coming?  Have
you seen Bruce lately?  How 'bout my brother?
Kevin
Where are you moving to?  How's the little one?  Hope everything is going great.  We just
bought a new house ourselves.  We are moving in the 12th.  This weekend we're hitting Jazz
Fest in New Orleans with Capt Frank P. Conway.  Talk to you soon.
KR
Hi Everyone,
We just wanted to let you know that we are canceling service from our
internet provider starting 4/26/01. We will let you know our new internet
address, as well as the address of our new house, when we finally get
settled in November.
Love,
Karen and Tom
Chris,
What's the status of this product.  I haven't heard anything in a while.
KR
Stacy,
Kevin Ruscitti has requested a secondary firm ANR ML7 phy gas product for EOL.  I have located some language that you and Dale worked on back in May of 2000.  Please let me know if this language will be OK for our needs.  Also, will the current GTC for Phy gas need to be revised in any way?
Thanks,
CW
3-7533
Thought you might find the article interesting.
He's the man
*** Springsteen visits Jersey Shore club
ASBURY PARK, N.J. (AP) - A legendary Jersey Shore rock club had a
special guest at its birthday party over the weekend: Bruce
Springsteen. The Boss made a surprise appearance Sunday night before
about 2,500 fans at the Stone Pony in Asbury Park. The show, which
marked the one-year anniversary of the club's reopening, featured
another shore favorite, Southside Johnny and Asbury Jukes, and
rocker Graham Parker. Springsteen showed up on stage at about 8:40
p.m. and performed with the band and Parker for about an hour. The
set featured several Springsteen songs and some Southside staples,
along with a cover of Creedence Clearwater Revival's "Born on the
Bayou."
I saw that, unbelievable huh?  The sad thing is that the folks I work with never heard of Jack Kerouac nor "On the Road Probably not surprising considering most are from Texas.  How's everything going?  Did you get an opportunity to call
Kampy.  How's the job search progressing?
Before I forget, was there a guy in our MBA class named Chris Sevrson or something like that?  An email was forwarded
to me and that name was on the forward list and it sounded familiar 
Any big plans for the weekend?  We're just hanging around Houston.  It seems every weekend for the past year+ we've
been doing some type of house work.  Hopefully one day it will slow.  Talk to you soon.
Kevin
"Everything that  comes out of that guy's mouth is foolishness."
Kevin  Ruscitti
Date  unknown
By the way, did  you see the original manuscript for Jack Kerouac's classic novel of the beat  generation went for $2.2 million?  Maybe Lisa can propose an  appropriate toast at Vesuvio's.
Tim Sarhatt 
Cash Manager 
Adaptive Broadband 
tsarhatt@adaptivebroadband.com 
Phone:  (408)  743-3459 
Fax:       (408)  732-4244 
As I watched the Lakers pound that Texas  team?oh yeah, San Antonio, I was thinking about the guy Mr. Ruscitti refers to  as "my boy."  As I'm sure you were  both otherwise occupied, you probably missed my boy in action this  afternoon.  He was on what he  termed a "power walk (catchy, don't you think?)," going door to door with  power-saving light bulbs, which he was handing out free of charge to  "emphasize our need to conserve energy."   Boy, my boy is one powerhouse.   You think we could bottle what he's  got?
Tim
I need to hear the rest of the Red Neck weekend story.  Send me an email or give me a call.  Also do you have Lowery's and T.J.'s
email addresses.  They were deleted from my system when our email system was upgraded.
KR
In that case:
1. Guided tour of Enron Stadium
2. Chauffered transportation to/from Corpus Christi
3. A pound of fifties to spend over the weekend
I just checked w/ mapquest and they are estimating a whopping 6 hours for the drive!!!  Correct me if I'm wrong, but I seem to remember it taking about 3.5.
Lowery is doing some more training in San Marco, about 45 minutes north of San Antonio.  I imagine he was staying on the River Walk so he had something to do with Kim.  If he had any balls at all he'd stick around for the weekend.
Frank
the author of the email got fired shortly after it circulated through Wall St.  Anyway, thought you might find it amusing.  Start from
the bottom of this email and work your way up.  It's interesting to see the path it took to so many people.  You'll see Sevrens name
near the bottom.
KR
Only the best and brightest at Merrill Lynch (and Princeton).
M
start from the bottom and then check out the article:
Almost as good as the infamous oracle email . . . start from the bottom.
The story was in the NY Times yesterday as well.
i'm thinkin that you guys have probably already seen this, but in case you
haven't...start from the bottom and read up. then check out
it's pretty amusing.
 >Date: Wed, 23 May 2001 14:06:53 -0400 (EDT)
_________________________________________________________________
I think Enron is going to $10.  I've been quite concerned for
the last month+.  It looks like a number of the senior execs have
done some questionable acts.  It's been quite the moral buster.  They
need to clean shop and get rid of the CEO and entire board for
letting these types of actions occur.  We will never regain investor
confidence until this occurs 
The problem with ENE is that we make an incredible amt of money on 
the wholesale side of the energy business (natural gas and power) but
we have thrown money at a myriad of bad businesses that lost lots of
money (Azurix water co., broadband, residential marketing.  They need
to get someone in here that will eliminate these losers and focus on
the core businesses.  In my opinion, some of these execs, former and current,
should go to jail.  It's amazing how a group of guys could ruin a great 
company.  I'm sure there will be a grad school case study and a book
written about this.  I'm sure it will be a best seller.
Anyway, let me get off my soapbox.  I'm glad to hear you got a new job.
That would be great if Chris gets the package and looks for something
more enjoyable.  Congrats to you brother and make sure you tell your
folks I was asking about them. 
Lisa and I haven't finalized any plans to NJ in Jan but I'll let you
know as soon as we do.  We're both looking forward to hooking up
with you guys.
Conway won't have to go overseas.  He said he's the last one they'll
activate.  His cell phone # is 240-298-7007.  I have to look for his 
email but i'll let you know when I find it 
Take care and good to hear from you.
Kevin
Dude,
Good thing I took some of my Pru 401K $$ and bought Enron in February, when
I opened my roll-over IRA.
Besides the job how's everything else going with you and the lovely Lisa?
Things could not be more hectic over here. I'm switching jobs next month.
Gave the dot.com world a shot and timed it wrong. When the company you are
working for is borrowing $$ from the VC to meet payroll and has not locked
in the final round of funding, you know it is time to move along. Will be
joining a NY Real Estate Brokerage House, where I'm friend with the guys.
Will be helping them run their Corporate Service Group.
Lets see what else is going on.
Chrissy is trying to decide if she is going to volunteer for the Merrill
Lynch layoff package that is being offered. I want her to, because her boss
is making her life miserable.
My father had triple by-pass surgery last month. He is doing fine now and it
is probably for the better in the long run that he had the procedure done.
And on good note- My brother got engaged.
I lost Mr. Conway's tele # and email address, can you shoot it over to me.
Would like to drop him a message. Is he still State side? hopefully.
Remember to drop me a note when you finalize your visit back to NJ in
January, so we can hook up.
Tell Lisa and the family that we send our 
Jonathan R. Coun
Vice President, SPACEdirect Development
NetStruxr
212 399-4687
jcoun@netstruxr.com
I'm not going to be able to make it.  I talked to Lisa and we're heading
back to NJ for her friends wedding.  I'm hoping to make a trip to CA
sometime next year.  I hope you have a great time and tell Lulenski I
said hi.
Kevin
Kevin:
Do you know if you're coming out yet? Got e-mails from
Lulenski (he's coming) and Sarhatt (he's not). I'm
planning to go to the beer bust and picnic for sure
and probably the Saturday night event if enough of you
guys are interested. Let me know.
,
Mike
__________________________________________________
Do You Yahoo!?
Make a great connection at Yahoo! Personals.
Steve,
Not a lot.  Just working and watching my company's stock get the
shit kicked out of it 
I did get married last year, but everything else has been pretty quiet.
How 'bout yourself.  What have you been up to?  Who have you kept in 
touch with?
Kevin
Sorry you can't make it.  We'll miss ya!
What have you been up to lately?
Steve,
Hope everything is going well.  Unfortunately I won't be able to attend
the reunion.  Hope you have a great time.  Talk to you soon.
Kevin
Dear Class of 1996,
**Note:  Response to this email requested, thanks!
Well, our much anticipated 5-year Reunion is less than a month away!
The
planning committe is working hard on the events, and we are trying to
firm
up the list of attendees.  We got a GREAT response to the last email,
thanks
for taking the time to let us know your status.  If you haven't
responded
yet, please do so just so we can adequately reserve space.
Just to remind some of you, the event will take place on: *** November
2-4th
*** in Los Angeles, CA!   The rough schedule of events is shown below.
In a
subsequent email today or tomorrow we will provide some details about
hotel
accommodations.  You will also be receiving an information packet from
the
Alumni Office in a mailing that should be out next week.
If you are planning to fly I've heard there are some great deals on
Southwest and United among others (<$100 from SF).  Anderson Alums also
get
a 10% on Southwest (see below)
If you would like to respond to this email regarding your status, please
use
this form:
1) Status of your email account
A)  Got this info - email address is correct
B)  Got this info - but would prefer to use another address next
time
C)  I did not get this info (not sure how you would answer this,
but 
Note:  You may have received this note twice - it was sent to all
members of
the Class of 1996 currently registered in the Alumni Database, as well
as to
the Class of 1996 Email List (which is opt-in).
2) Plans for attending the Reunion Weekend
A)  Will definitely be Attending
B)  Will make a brief appearance (1 or 2 events)
C)  Still Deciding
D)  Will not be Attending (but wish I could)
3) Comments/Suggestions - Any thoughts on how to make this a GREAT
reunion?
As mentioned previously, its been a rough year for many of us and it
would
be great to end the year with some fun and good times!  I can tell you
from
what we've been hearing, and from the number of responses received, that
we
are going to have an awesome turnout for the events, so you don't want
to
miss out!!!   So get your tickets, review your facebook (so who was that
Doug Dahl character anyways), dust off the old Anderson attire and let's
party!!
Sincerely,
Steve Smith
On behalf of Pete, Lynne, Melissa and many, many Reunion Organizers
Southwest Airlines Partners with Anderson Alums!
- Save 10% off lowest priced fares all Anderson Alumni returning to
campus
for Alumni Weekend.
- Flights must be booked into LAX, Burbank, Ontario or John Wayne
airports.
- Call 800/433-5368 and reference Anderson's Group ID #R9216
- For flight schedules, visit  
OVERVIEW of CLASS OF 1996 EVENTS
FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 2
**	5:30 p.m.	Reunion Beer Bust: Wine and Beer Tasting
- Location: Anderson Courtyard
- All reunion classes will be there
- A fun first chance to catch up!  Just like old
times!
- Contact: Pete Rose; rosep@towers.com
or Steve Smith; smitter@smitter.com for
details
SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 3
AFTERNOON
**	12:30 p.m.	Class of 1996 Barbecue / Picnic
- Location: Will Rogers State Park
- BBQ / Party / Volleyball
- The Grass, the Food/Drinks, the Sun & Fun
- Contact: Danielle (Romano) Schreiber;
schreiberd@earthlink.net
Note:  This event was moved from the Beach to reduce the driving
distances,
and provide 	better logistics, as well as tables, BBQ pits, even
playgrounds
for some of you w/ kids
EVENING
**	7:00 p.m.	Class of 1996 Reunion Dinner
- Location:  The Gate (tentative)
- Dinner and Dancing in Hollywood (remember
O-Week 			- This events is Adults only (sorry, no kids)
- Contact:  Gina (Wilson) Calderon;
Gina_Calderon@citysearch.com
or Kim Moore; kmoore@k-swiss.com for
details
SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 4
MORNING
**	10:00 a.m.	Class of 1996 Golf Tourney
- Location:  Camarillo Springs Golf Course
- Currently 20 "big hitters" signed up, room for
a few more
- Event with competition and prizes
- Contact:  Mike Solomon; mcsolomon@hotmail.com
for details
AFTERNOON
**	12:00 p.m.	Class of 1996 Getty Museum Tour
- Location:  The Getty Museum
- If you haven't marveled at the wonder, its
time
- Contact:  Rumor has it Jean Miao will give us
a tour!!
FULL REUNION WEEKEND SCHEDULE
FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 2
MORNING
7:30 a.m.	Continental Breakfast
8:15 a.m.	Plenary Session: "Leadership"
10:00 a.m.	Break
10:30 a.m.	Session I
12:00 noon	Luncheon and Keynote Address:
"Leadership in Action: Charting a new
Course"
AFTERNOON
1:30 p.m.	Session II
3:00 p.m.	Break
3:30 p.m.	The Exchange
4:30 p.m.	Guided Tours of The Anderson School
EVENING
**	5:30 p.m.	Reunion Beer Bust: Wine and Beer Tasting
- Location: Anderson Courtyard
- All reunion classes will be there
- A fun first chance to catch up!  Just like old
times!
- Contact: Pete Rose; rosep@towers.com
or Steve Smith; smitter@smitter.com for
details
SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 3
MORNING
8:30 a.m.	Networking Breakfast
9:15 a.m.	Welcoming Remarks
9:30 a.m.	Plenary Session I - "Best Practices and Board
Governance"
11:00 a.m.	Plenary Session II - "The National Business
Forecast"
AFTERNOON
**	12:30 p.m.	Class of 1996 Barbecue / Picnic
- Location: Will Rogers State Park
- BBQ / Party / Volleyball
- The Grass, the Food/Drinks, the Sun & Fun
- Contact: Danielle (Romano) Schreiber;
schreiberd@earthlink.net
2:30 p.m.	Program concludes
5:00 p.m.	Dean's Thank You Reception to Reunion Committee
Leaders
EVENING
**	7:00 p.m.	Class of 1996 Reunion Dinner
- Location:  The Gate (tentative)
- Dinner and Dancing in Hollywood (remember
O-Week 			- This events is Adults only (sorry, no kids)
- Contact:  Gina (Wilson) Calderon;
Gina_Calderon@citysearch.com
or Kim Moore; kmoore@k-swiss.com for
details
SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 4
MORNING
**	10:00 a.m.	Class of 1996 Golf Tourney
- Location:  Camarillo Springs Golf Course
- Currently 20 "big hitters" signed up, room for
a few more
- Event with competition and prizes
- Contact:  Mike Solomon; mcsolomon@hotmail.com
for details
AFTERNOON
**	12:00 p.m.	Class of 1996 Getty Museum Tour
- Location:  The Getty Museum
- If you haven't marveled at the wonder, its
time
- Contact:  Rumor has it Jean Miao will give us
a tour!!
Various 	Reunion Activities / Free Time 
The 12th isn't good for me b/c we're moving.   Any other weekend should be OK though.
Kevin
Steve,
Hope everything is going well.  Unfortunately I won't be able to attend
the reunion.  Hope you have a great time.  Talk to you soon.
Kevin
Dear Class of 1996,
**Note:  Response to this email requested, thanks!
Well, our much anticipated 5-year Reunion is less than a month away!  The
planning committe is working hard on the events, and we are trying to firm
up the list of attendees.  We got a GREAT response to the last email, thanks
for taking the time to let us know your status.  If you haven't responded
yet, please do so just so we can adequately reserve space.
Just to remind some of you, the event will take place on: *** November 2-4th
*** in Los Angeles, CA!   The rough schedule of events is shown below.  In a
subsequent email today or tomorrow we will provide some details about hotel
accommodations.  You will also be receiving an information packet from the
Alumni Office in a mailing that should be out next week.
If you are planning to fly I've heard there are some great deals on
Southwest and United among others (<$100 from SF).  Anderson Alums also get
a 10% on Southwest (see below)
If you would like to respond to this email regarding your status, please use
this form:
1) Status of your email account
A)  Got this info - email address is correct
B)  Got this info - but would prefer to use another address next time
C)  I did not get this info (not sure how you would answer this, but 
Note:  You may have received this note twice - it was sent to all members of
the Class of 1996 currently registered in the Alumni Database, as well as to
the Class of 1996 Email List (which is opt-in).
2) Plans for attending the Reunion Weekend
A)  Will definitely be Attending
B)  Will make a brief appearance (1 or 2 events)
C)  Still Deciding
D)  Will not be Attending (but wish I could)
3) Comments/Suggestions - Any thoughts on how to make this a GREAT reunion?
As mentioned previously, its been a rough year for many of us and it would
be great to end the year with some fun and good times!  I can tell you from
what we've been hearing, and from the number of responses received, that we
are going to have an awesome turnout for the events, so you don't want to
miss out!!!   So get your tickets, review your facebook (so who was that
Doug Dahl character anyways), dust off the old Anderson attire and let's
party!!
Sincerely,
Steve Smith
On behalf of Pete, Lynne, Melissa and many, many Reunion Organizers
Southwest Airlines Partners with Anderson Alums!
- Save 10% off lowest priced fares all Anderson Alumni returning to campus
for Alumni Weekend.
- Flights must be booked into LAX, Burbank, Ontario or John Wayne airports.
- Call 800/433-5368 and reference Anderson's Group ID #R9216
- For flight schedules, visit  
OVERVIEW of CLASS OF 1996 EVENTS
FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 2
**	5:30 p.m.	Reunion Beer Bust: Wine and Beer Tasting
- Location: Anderson Courtyard
- All reunion classes will be there
- A fun first chance to catch up!  Just like old times!
- Contact: Pete Rose; rosep@towers.com
or Steve Smith; smitter@smitter.com for details
SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 3
AFTERNOON
**	12:30 p.m.	Class of 1996 Barbecue / Picnic
- Location: Will Rogers State Park
- BBQ / Party / Volleyball
- The Grass, the Food/Drinks, the Sun & Fun
- Contact: Danielle (Romano) Schreiber;  schreiberd@earthlink.net
Note:  This event was moved from the Beach to reduce the driving distances,
and provide 	better logistics, as well as tables, BBQ pits, even playgrounds
for some of you w/ kids
EVENING
**	7:00 p.m.	Class of 1996 Reunion Dinner
- Location:  The Gate (tentative)
- Dinner and Dancing in Hollywood (remember O-Week 			- This events is Adults only (sorry, no kids)
- Contact:  Gina (Wilson) Calderon; Gina_Calderon@citysearch.com
or Kim Moore; kmoore@k-swiss.com for details
SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 4
MORNING
**	10:00 a.m.	Class of 1996 Golf Tourney
- Location:  Camarillo Springs Golf Course
- Currently 20 "big hitters" signed up, room for a few more
- Event with competition and prizes
- Contact:  Mike Solomon; mcsolomon@hotmail.com for details
AFTERNOON
**	12:00 p.m.	Class of 1996 Getty Museum Tour
- Location:  The Getty Museum
- If you haven't marveled at the wonder, its time
- Contact:  Rumor has it Jean Miao will give us a tour!!
FULL REUNION WEEKEND SCHEDULE
FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 2
MORNING
7:30 a.m.	Continental Breakfast
8:15 a.m.	Plenary Session: "Leadership"
10:00 a.m.	Break
10:30 a.m.	Session I
12:00 noon	Luncheon and Keynote Address:
"Leadership in Action: Charting a new Course"
AFTERNOON
1:30 p.m.	Session II
3:00 p.m.	Break
3:30 p.m.	The Exchange
4:30 p.m.	Guided Tours of The Anderson School
EVENING
**	5:30 p.m.	Reunion Beer Bust: Wine and Beer Tasting
- Location: Anderson Courtyard
- All reunion classes will be there
- A fun first chance to catch up!  Just like old times!
- Contact: Pete Rose; rosep@towers.com
or Steve Smith; smitter@smitter.com for details
SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 3
MORNING
8:30 a.m.	Networking Breakfast
9:15 a.m.	Welcoming Remarks
9:30 a.m.	Plenary Session I - "Best Practices and Board Governance"
11:00 a.m.	Plenary Session II - "The National Business Forecast"
AFTERNOON
**	12:30 p.m.	Class of 1996 Barbecue / Picnic
- Location: Will Rogers State Park
- BBQ / Party / Volleyball
- The Grass, the Food/Drinks, the Sun & Fun
- Contact: Danielle (Romano) Schreiber;  schreiberd@earthlink.net
2:30 p.m.	Program concludes
5:00 p.m.	Dean's Thank You Reception to Reunion Committee Leaders
EVENING
**	7:00 p.m.	Class of 1996 Reunion Dinner
- Location:  The Gate (tentative)
- Dinner and Dancing in Hollywood (remember O-Week 			- This events is Adults only (sorry, no kids)
- Contact:  Gina (Wilson) Calderon; Gina_Calderon@citysearch.com
or Kim Moore; kmoore@k-swiss.com for details
SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 4
MORNING
**	10:00 a.m.	Class of 1996 Golf Tourney
- Location:  Camarillo Springs Golf Course
- Currently 20 "big hitters" signed up, room for a few more
- Event with competition and prizes
- Contact:  Mike Solomon; mcsolomon@hotmail.com for details
AFTERNOON
**	12:00 p.m.	Class of 1996 Getty Museum Tour
- Location:  The Getty Museum
- If you haven't marveled at the wonder, its time
- Contact:  Rumor has it Jean Miao will give us a tour!!
Various 	Reunion Activities / Free Time 
I'd sell all of the ENE.
KR
Kev-
Sold some of the Ene stock. just saw a clip of moller (like 6 seconds). it 
was a collage of witnesses from the WTC blowup. It was on like the first day 
we got FOX NEWS on our cable. It was pretty shocking.
Take care,
KR
_________________________________________________________________
Great to hear from you.  Glad to know everyone's doing well.
Did you know Moller was going to be on TV or were you just channel
surfing?  How did he do?
Work's going OK.  ENE stock has been getting destroyed.  A lot
of negative press abt management.  I would sell your shares if
you still have them.  It's $30 right know but I have a feeling 
it's going lower.  Tell Dave also if you talk to him.  News has
been coming out that I wasn't aware of.
Anyway, Lisa's job is going great - she's really happy.  We haven't
been up to a lot lately - just hanging around the neighborhood.
The anthrax scares and the terrorist stories are really scary.  What
a bunch of nuts we have living in this world.  I have a feeling it
could get worse before it gets better.  Don't open any letters from
unknown companies or counterparties.  Take care of yourself and Gloria
and Tommy.  Tell them we said hi and we'll talk to you soon.
Kevin
Yo Kev,
What's happening? Hope everything is going okay. How is Lisa and the rest of 
the neighborhood?
It's starting to get cold here. The temperatures are in the high-40's.
Went to Notre Dame last week with dad. It was cool. The campus was 
beautiful; the ride wasn't that bad; and the people were REAL nice (how 
weird 
Anyway, dad had a good time, except I think he got pneumonia on the trip. 
"Mr. Sunshine" was dressed up in shorts and a golf shirt for a mid-October 
trip to Indiana. It was 75 degrees when we left Jersey and 45 degrees by the 
time we hit the Ohio border. He can't figure out how he got pneumonia (true 
story). Anyway, I saw him yesterday and he looks and sounds better.
Anyway, Gloria is busy coaching soccer. Her team is 9-4-1 (best record in 
school history). Tommy is busy causing havoc wherever he goes (Takes after 
mommy). His grandparents are driving mommy and daddy nuts (same ol' story).
I hope everything is going all right. Heard the big lobsterfest was a 
success (Nothing like a FRESH Maine lobster). Belated congrats on your first 
anniversary.
Is life pretty tense at Enron (with all the craziness of the world markets, 
terrorism scares and this Anthrax hysteria)? Do you have to go through a 
metal detector or anything like that?
Anyway, I saw Moeller was on TV. Never thought I'd be happy to see his ugly 
mug on the toob!
Well, I've got to go (I'm at work). Talk to you soon.
Love your brother,
PS. Mom and Dad are looking forward to THANKSGIVING with you and Lisa! (Some 
fun, eh 
Take care
_________________________________________________________________
Sounds good based on 1 condition.  You and ML do not pick up everyone's dinner.
We'll just go out to dinner and a show and we'll all split it.  Sounds like 
fun.  Good idea - must've been ML's.
KR
Gentlemen - I hope you all are doing well.  I wanted to follow up with guys
on supper club.  I believe it's our turn in the "rotation".  ML and I
thought it might be fun to change it up a bit and go some place like the
Mucky Duck where we could eat and watch a band or go somewhere like the
Laugh Stop for dinner and a comedy hour.  We will treat on the dinner and
first round of drinks.  I would say on all drinks but given Kevin's past
rampages with the bottles of wine I better not guarantee full payment of
that at a restaurant.  If that's a problem, I can always bring Kevin a small
flask and straw that he can have during the night. 
ML talked to Lisa and I talked to Dax and it sounds like Sunday, November
11th will be the only date that might work.  Follow back up with me and let
me know if that will work.  Take care and talk to you soon 
We have a lot of things to do Saturday or else I would - believe me.  We'll have to get together the next time.
Let me know if I  can help any more with your search.
Kevin
C'mon you can play 18 then do housework all afternoon.  If you're just starting you don't get many invitations!  Truthfully, I'm usually napping after golf, you're always surprised how tired you get after 18 holes!
I've gotten some interest from various groups within EES, EGM and hopefully Industrial Markets, but it's tough.  Everybody is cautious, nobody's going gangbusters.  I've been pounding the pavement almost full time for 2 weeks.  Need to close something before heading back to Seoul.  I brought my family back to Houston and they're staying, but I'll head back to Seoul in a week or 2.
Jung
p.s.  thanks for your lead on Mike Curry, but he had just hired a manager so nothing for now 
I'd like to but i'm tied up doing house stuff all day.  Have you found a group in Houston?
How's the search going?  Tell Matt I said hi.
kevin
Kevin,
I'm back in town.  Matt and I plan to play golf this Saturday morning.  I understand you're a budding golfer.  Care to join us?
Jung
713-304-4772  mobile
713-853-7666  voicemail
713-647-6680  home
I'd like to but i'm tied up doing house stuff all day.  Have you found a group in Houston?
How's the search going?  Tell Matt I said hi.
kevin
Kevin,
I'm back in town.  Matt and I plan to play golf this Saturday morning.  I understand you're a budding golfer.  Care to join us?
Jung
713-304-4772  mobile
713-853-7666  voicemail
713-647-6680  home
It didn't down here b/c I watched it from 5:15 - 6pm unless it actually came
on 4pm down here with the time difference.  I bet that's what happened.
KR
Actually, it went on towards the end of the hour, about 5:45.  I can 
get you a copy.
<<< Memo from Kevin.Ruscitti@ on 05 October, 2001, 09:07 
Friday 
Kevin.Ruscitti@ on 5 Oct 2001, 09:07 Friday
You'll never believe it but I turned it on at 5:10 so I guess your
interview
was over.  If you have a copy, please send me a copy and I'll pay you
for it.
How's everything going?  Hope all is well.  Talk to you soon.
Kevin
What's Happenin'?  Did you catch the interview on Fox?  The babe who
interviewed me was sooooooooo hot that all I could think of was how
good she must taste.
I think the only difference btw the 330Ci and the 330i is that the Ci
is a 2 door 
Had a choice btw Wed and Thur game - chose Wed.  Not that disappointed
though as the Astros proved to be the biggest bunch of pussies in the
ML.  They were more concerned with not giving up a homer to Bonds than
with winning the game.  Now they stand a chance of not making the playoffs
at all.  If you ask me they don't deserve it and the mgr should be fired.
It was great to hear the fans booing the home team every other inning.  I'm
sure they lost a lot of fans over those 2 games.
Anyway, what's up on your front.  Are you still going out to Cali to visit
Hop and Denise?  How's flying?
KR
Last night was the game to catch.  Where your seats near where the homer
dropped?
I think the 330 is the better call.  You really don't want a BMW as a family
car anyway until the kids are much older.  I don't know what the prices are
but the 330ic is pretty sweet.
Capt. Frank P. Conway
"Sissy"
USNTPS Class 121
301.757.5079
conwayfp@navair.navy.mil
Thanks for the advice.  Much appreciated.  We plan on test driving
this weekend.  The BMW has a racing track in the back of the dealership
-
I heard it's pretty sweet.  I have a feeling we're going to lean toward
the 330i just b/c everything I've read rates it the best in its class.
I feel like the 5 series will be too big for us right now (w/o kids) but
we should get a better feel this weekend.  I'll keep you informed.
Thanks again.
KR
Drive 'em both, but at least for the older one's the 8 cyl was MUCH
smoother.  It really comes down to what you want.   Unless you're really
pushing it you won't notice much of a difference.  However, what you
will
notice is that the 6cyl will be working a lot harder (i.e. louder).
Once
you jump into the 5 you're in the luxury market and you probably want a
smoother car with plenty of torque (8 cyl).  Especially the way you
drive
(not winding the engine out in every gear) you'll feel more low end
power in
the 540.  Again, it comes down to the pax.  If you're hauling 2 most of
the
time, the 530 is probably fine;. hauling 4 it will be sucking wind a
bit.
Remember when you're on a test drive the car isn't configured the way it
will be in real life.  The tires will be under inflated, the gas tank
(large
in that car, like 14 gal ~90 pounds) and no passengers so your
performance
will seem better.  My best advice when looking at cars in that price
range
is to insist on an extended (overnight or over a weekend) test drive of
both.  You don't want to buy and wish you had bought the other a couple
of
weeks later.  Finally, think about long term (kids, etc) if you plan on
hanging onto it as long as the Miata.  It's not uncommon for a bimmer to
go
2-300,000 miles without engine work so you can hang onto them for quite
a
while if you stay up on the maintenance.  Give me a buzz at home
(301.737.5366) tonight if you want to yap about it.
Capt. Frank P. Conway
"Sissy"
USNTPS Class 121
301.757.5079
conwayfp@navair.navy.mil
What do you think about the 530?  Isn't it basically the same thing
as the 330 except it's bigger?  If so, does it handle as well with the
added size and weight?
Kev,
Real quick on the cars.  The beamer is real tight in the back seat.
Think
about how often you might be hauling 3-4 people.  If you think it's a
factor, spend some time on an extended test drive sitting in the back.
I'd
still look at the Vovlvo S-60 twin turbo, it might surprise you.
Capt. Frank P. Conway
"Sissy"
USNTPS Class 121
301.757.5079
conwayfp@navair.navy.mil
I was at the game last night sitting in home run territory - section
154.
It was one of the most disappointing games i've ever attended.  the
astros
don't even deserve to make the playoffs after their cowardly play.  the 
manager's an idiot - intentionally walking Bonds with guys on 1st and
2nd
with 2 outs.
Anyway, in terms of the Miata, the dealer recommended abt $1300 worth of
work.
Of course i told him to just get the thing running ($450).  The problem
is
the blue book value is only $2500 so i can't see putting another grand
into it.
I'll probably just sell it to someone who races miata's (which is really
big
in Texas) or donate it to charity and take the tax write off.
We haven't test driven anything yet but it looks like we're leaning
toward the
BMW 330i.  It seems to get great reviews, the main downside is that it's
a little
small - but still sporty.  We'll go for test drives this weekend and
should buy
or lease (still undecided) something in the next couple weeks.
How's everything on your front.  Less classroom time and more flying
time 
That faggot Lowery was in Austin this past weekend.  I don't expect him
to call
of course but it shows how easily he could've gotten to Houston while he
was 
working for 8 mos. in Dallas.
Later,
kevin
Some idiot lost a pair of pliers so I have to wait around to go fly.  I
guess it's just as well, I'd hate to find them at 3,000'.
Sorry to hear about the turbo Miata.  What happened to it?  Can't it be
fixed or are you just abandoning it?  Where are you leaning in terms of
a
new car?  On my end, the classic motorcycle is buzzing like  a champ and
a
complete blast to drive.
What's with the faggot Astro's walking your boy?  At least he pocketed
one
record.
I don't have TJ's email w/ me, but I'm sure he never expected you to
actually show up in the first place.
Capt. Frank P. Conway
"Sissy"
USNTPS Class 121
301.757.5079
conwayfp@navair.navy.mil
Conway,
Do you have T.J.'s new email address.  I want to let him know I
won't be out there in Oct.  Give me a shout.  How's everything going?
My miata broke down this past weekend.  I didn't think it would be
that soon.  It looks like I'm forced to buy a new car.  I'm not 
looking forward to the process although the internet should make
it less painful than it was 9.5 years ago.  Wow, I can't believe
I've owned the Miata for over 9 yrs 
I'm going to see Bonds play on Wednesday night.  Hoping he'll be
going for the record that night (either a tie or to break it).  I
scored tix in section 154 - prime bonds territory.  Check out the
section on the Houston Astros website.
Talk to you soon 
KR
Yeah, I'll probably still go but I was planning on the first weekend
being
w/ the fellas.
Capt. Frank P. Conway
"Sissy"
USNTPS Class 121
301.757.5079
conwayfp@navair.navy.mil
if i cancel, you're still going out to meet up w/ Denise, right?
Fag boy,
Let me know if you are definitely canceling for Cali so I can set up
other
plans.
Capt. Frank P. Conway
"Sissy"
USNTPS Class 121
301.757.5079
conwayfp@navair.navy.mil
You'll never believe it but I turned it on at 5:10 so I guess your interview
was over.  If you have a copy, please send me a copy and I'll pay you for it.
How's everything going?  Hope all is well.  Talk to you soon.
Kevin
What's Happenin'?  Did you catch the interview on Fox?  The babe who 
interviewed me was sooooooooo hot that all I could think of was how 
good she must taste.
Thanks for the advice.  Much appreciated.  We plan on test driving
this weekend.  The BMW has a racing track in the back of the dealership -
I heard it's pretty sweet.  I have a feeling we're going to lean toward
the 330i just b/c everything I've read rates it the best in its class.
I feel like the 5 series will be too big for us right now (w/o kids) but
we should get a better feel this weekend.  I'll keep you informed.
Thanks again.
KR
Drive 'em both, but at least for the older one's the 8 cyl was MUCH
smoother.  It really comes down to what you want.   Unless you're really
pushing it you won't notice much of a difference.  However, what you will
notice is that the 6cyl will be working a lot harder (i.e. louder).  Once
you jump into the 5 you're in the luxury market and you probably want a
smoother car with plenty of torque (8 cyl).  Especially the way you drive
(not winding the engine out in every gear) you'll feel more low end power in
the 540.  Again, it comes down to the pax.  If you're hauling 2 most of the
time, the 530 is probably fine;. hauling 4 it will be sucking wind a bit.
Remember when you're on a test drive the car isn't configured the way it
will be in real life.  The tires will be under inflated, the gas tank (large
in that car, like 14 gal ~90 pounds) and no passengers so your performance
will seem better.  My best advice when looking at cars in that price range
is to insist on an extended (overnight or over a weekend) test drive of
both.  You don't want to buy and wish you had bought the other a couple of
weeks later.  Finally, think about long term (kids, etc) if you plan on
hanging onto it as long as the Miata.  It's not uncommon for a bimmer to go
2-300,000 miles without engine work so you can hang onto them for quite a
while if you stay up on the maintenance.  Give me a buzz at home
(301.737.5366) tonight if you want to yap about it.
Capt. Frank P. Conway
"Sissy"
USNTPS Class 121
301.757.5079
conwayfp@navair.navy.mil
What do you think about the 530?  Isn't it basically the same thing
as the 330 except it's bigger?  If so, does it handle as well with the
added size and weight?
Kev,
Real quick on the cars.  The beamer is real tight in the back seat.
Think
about how often you might be hauling 3-4 people.  If you think it's a
factor, spend some time on an extended test drive sitting in the back.
I'd
still look at the Vovlvo S-60 twin turbo, it might surprise you.
Capt. Frank P. Conway
"Sissy"
USNTPS Class 121
301.757.5079
conwayfp@navair.navy.mil
I was at the game last night sitting in home run territory - section
154.
It was one of the most disappointing games i've ever attended.  the
astros
don't even deserve to make the playoffs after their cowardly play.  the 
manager's an idiot - intentionally walking Bonds with guys on 1st and
2nd
with 2 outs.
Anyway, in terms of the Miata, the dealer recommended abt $1300 worth of
work.
Of course i told him to just get the thing running ($450).  The problem
is
the blue book value is only $2500 so i can't see putting another grand
into it.
I'll probably just sell it to someone who races miata's (which is really
big
in Texas) or donate it to charity and take the tax write off.
We haven't test driven anything yet but it looks like we're leaning
toward the
BMW 330i.  It seems to get great reviews, the main downside is that it's
a little
small - but still sporty.  We'll go for test drives this weekend and
should buy
or lease (still undecided) something in the next couple weeks.
How's everything on your front.  Less classroom time and more flying
time 
That faggot Lowery was in Austin this past weekend.  I don't expect him
to call
of course but it shows how easily he could've gotten to Houston while he
was 
working for 8 mos. in Dallas.
Later,
kevin
Some idiot lost a pair of pliers so I have to wait around to go fly.  I
guess it's just as well, I'd hate to find them at 3,000'.
Sorry to hear about the turbo Miata.  What happened to it?  Can't it be
fixed or are you just abandoning it?  Where are you leaning in terms of
a
new car?  On my end, the classic motorcycle is buzzing like  a champ and
a
complete blast to drive.
What's with the faggot Astro's walking your boy?  At least he pocketed
one
record.
I don't have TJ's email w/ me, but I'm sure he never expected you to
actually show up in the first place.
Capt. Frank P. Conway
"Sissy"
USNTPS Class 121
301.757.5079
conwayfp@navair.navy.mil
Conway,
Do you have T.J.'s new email address.  I want to let him know I
won't be out there in Oct.  Give me a shout.  How's everything going?
My miata broke down this past weekend.  I didn't think it would be
that soon.  It looks like I'm forced to buy a new car.  I'm not 
looking forward to the process although the internet should make
it less painful than it was 9.5 years ago.  Wow, I can't believe
I've owned the Miata for over 9 yrs 
I'm going to see Bonds play on Wednesday night.  Hoping he'll be
going for the record that night (either a tie or to break it).  I
scored tix in section 154 - prime bonds territory.  Check out the
section on the Houston Astros website.
Talk to you soon 
KR
Yeah, I'll probably still go but I was planning on the first weekend
being
w/ the fellas.
Capt. Frank P. Conway
"Sissy"
USNTPS Class 121
301.757.5079
conwayfp@navair.navy.mil
if i cancel, you're still going out to meet up w/ Denise, right?
Fag boy,
Let me know if you are definitely canceling for Cali so I can set up
other
plans.
Capt. Frank P. Conway
"Sissy"
USNTPS Class 121
301.757.5079
conwayfp@navair.navy.mil
kruscit
Kamp,
Did you watch the Astros / Giants game last night.  It was embarrassing.  I've never
seen such a cowardly performance by a baseball team (of course I'm talking abt the
Astros).  When do you ever walk a guy with runners on 1st and 2nd, your team is 
down by 1 run and there is 2 outs?  Answer:  NEVER.  According to Dierker,
"... the critical walk was the one with runners on first and second," Dierker said. "We did that because Jeff Kent was 3-for-17 against Williams and had struck out the last five at-bats (against him), so he showed some dominance against him. Obviously, you don't want to put another runner on base and move the runners another base in scoring position unless you have a very compelling reason, and we did.
How's long's this clown been managing.  I guess he hasn't followed Kent the last few years.  It wasn't like he was walking Bonds to get to 
Ivan DeJesus.  He doesn't even have the sack to admit he fucked up.  I've never seen fans boo their home team so much since the days of Michael Jack.
Have you and Patty been getting any sleep? How's Jack?
KR
What do you think about the 530?  Isn't it basically the same thing
as the 330 except it's bigger?  If so, does it handle as well with the
added size and weight?
Kev,
Real quick on the cars.  The beamer is real tight in the back seat.  Think
about how often you might be hauling 3-4 people.  If you think it's a
factor, spend some time on an extended test drive sitting in the back.  I'd
still look at the Vovlvo S-60 twin turbo, it might surprise you.
Capt. Frank P. Conway
"Sissy"
USNTPS Class 121
301.757.5079
conwayfp@navair.navy.mil
I was at the game last night sitting in home run territory - section
154.
It was one of the most disappointing games i've ever attended.  the
astros
don't even deserve to make the playoffs after their cowardly play.  the 
manager's an idiot - intentionally walking Bonds with guys on 1st and
2nd
with 2 outs.
Anyway, in terms of the Miata, the dealer recommended abt $1300 worth of
work.
Of course i told him to just get the thing running ($450).  The problem
is
the blue book value is only $2500 so i can't see putting another grand
into it.
I'll probably just sell it to someone who races miata's (which is really
big
in Texas) or donate it to charity and take the tax write off.
We haven't test driven anything yet but it looks like we're leaning
toward the
BMW 330i.  It seems to get great reviews, the main downside is that it's
a little
small - but still sporty.  We'll go for test drives this weekend and
should buy
or lease (still undecided) something in the next couple weeks.
How's everything on your front.  Less classroom time and more flying
time 
That faggot Lowery was in Austin this past weekend.  I don't expect him
to call
of course but it shows how easily he could've gotten to Houston while he
was 
working for 8 mos. in Dallas.
Later,
kevin
Some idiot lost a pair of pliers so I have to wait around to go fly.  I
guess it's just as well, I'd hate to find them at 3,000'.
Sorry to hear about the turbo Miata.  What happened to it?  Can't it be
fixed or are you just abandoning it?  Where are you leaning in terms of
a
new car?  On my end, the classic motorcycle is buzzing like  a champ and
a
complete blast to drive.
What's with the faggot Astro's walking your boy?  At least he pocketed
one
record.
I don't have TJ's email w/ me, but I'm sure he never expected you to
actually show up in the first place.
Capt. Frank P. Conway
"Sissy"
USNTPS Class 121
301.757.5079
conwayfp@navair.navy.mil
Conway,
Do you have T.J.'s new email address.  I want to let him know I
won't be out there in Oct.  Give me a shout.  How's everything going?
My miata broke down this past weekend.  I didn't think it would be
that soon.  It looks like I'm forced to buy a new car.  I'm not 
looking forward to the process although the internet should make
it less painful than it was 9.5 years ago.  Wow, I can't believe
I've owned the Miata for over 9 yrs 
I'm going to see Bonds play on Wednesday night.  Hoping he'll be
going for the record that night (either a tie or to break it).  I
scored tix in section 154 - prime bonds territory.  Check out the
section on the Houston Astros website.
Talk to you soon 
KR
Yeah, I'll probably still go but I was planning on the first weekend
being
w/ the fellas.
Capt. Frank P. Conway
"Sissy"
USNTPS Class 121
301.757.5079
conwayfp@navair.navy.mil
if i cancel, you're still going out to meet up w/ Denise, right?
Fag boy,
Let me know if you are definitely canceling for Cali so I can set up
other
plans.
Capt. Frank P. Conway
"Sissy"
USNTPS Class 121
301.757.5079
conwayfp@navair.navy.mil
I was at the game last night sitting in home run territory - section 154.
It was one of the most disappointing games i've ever attended.  the astros
don't even deserve to make the playoffs after their cowardly play.  the 
manager's an idiot - intentionally walking Bonds with guys on 1st and 2nd
with 2 outs.
Anyway, in terms of the Miata, the dealer recommended abt $1300 worth of work.
Of course i told him to just get the thing running ($450).  The problem is
the blue book value is only $2500 so i can't see putting another grand into it.
I'll probably just sell it to someone who races miata's (which is really big
in Texas) or donate it to charity and take the tax write off.
We haven't test driven anything yet but it looks like we're leaning toward the
BMW 330i.  It seems to get great reviews, the main downside is that it's a little
small - but still sporty.  We'll go for test drives this weekend and should buy
or lease (still undecided) something in the next couple weeks.
How's everything on your front.  Less classroom time and more flying time 
That faggot Lowery was in Austin this past weekend.  I don't expect him to call
of course but it shows how easily he could've gotten to Houston while he was 
working for 8 mos. in Dallas.
Later,
kevin
Some idiot lost a pair of pliers so I have to wait around to go fly.  I
guess it's just as well, I'd hate to find them at 3,000'.
Sorry to hear about the turbo Miata.  What happened to it?  Can't it be
fixed or are you just abandoning it?  Where are you leaning in terms of a
new car?  On my end, the classic motorcycle is buzzing like  a champ and a
complete blast to drive.
What's with the faggot Astro's walking your boy?  At least he pocketed one
record.
I don't have TJ's email w/ me, but I'm sure he never expected you to
actually show up in the first place.
Capt. Frank P. Conway
"Sissy"
USNTPS Class 121
301.757.5079
conwayfp@navair.navy.mil
Conway,
Do you have T.J.'s new email address.  I want to let him know I
won't be out there in Oct.  Give me a shout.  How's everything going?
My miata broke down this past weekend.  I didn't think it would be
that soon.  It looks like I'm forced to buy a new car.  I'm not 
looking forward to the process although the internet should make
it less painful than it was 9.5 years ago.  Wow, I can't believe
I've owned the Miata for over 9 yrs 
I'm going to see Bonds play on Wednesday night.  Hoping he'll be
going for the record that night (either a tie or to break it).  I
scored tix in section 154 - prime bonds territory.  Check out the
section on the Houston Astros website.
Talk to you soon 
KR
Yeah, I'll probably still go but I was planning on the first weekend
being
w/ the fellas.
Capt. Frank P. Conway
"Sissy"
USNTPS Class 121
301.757.5079
conwayfp@navair.navy.mil
if i cancel, you're still going out to meet up w/ Denise, right?
Fag boy,
Let me know if you are definitely canceling for Cali so I can set up
other
plans.
Capt. Frank P. Conway
"Sissy"
USNTPS Class 121
301.757.5079
conwayfp@navair.navy.mil
Beautiful baby - good job Patty.
We call him Jack.
John Edward Kampmann
Born: September 21, 2001 @ 5:55pm
Weight: 7 pounds 1 ounce
Height: 19 3/4 inches
Named in honor of his Grandfathers
_____  
Do You Yahoo!?
Listen to your Yahoo! Mail messages from any phone with Yahoo! by Phone 
Sweets,
The flight was cancelled so we just drove to New Orleans for the
weekend.  Man was it a ghost town.  How's everything with you?
How's Liz and the kids?  How's the FIRM going?  Talk to you soon.
Kevin
How was it?
Your message
was read on Wed, 1 Aug 2001 09:05:30 -0500
Kamp,
How's everything going -I assume great?  How's the baby and Patty
doing?
How 'bout that Barry Bonds?  You must be in heaven - (1) baby boy,
(2) Yanks win the division, (3) Bonds goes for record.
I think Bonds is going to break the record Wednesday night in Houston.
Guess who'll be sitting in section 154 (check it out on the Astros
website) waiting for # 71.  Look for me on TV 
KR
Sorry so late.
--- "Ruscitti, Kevin"  > kamp,
 
 just a reminder about the napa valley restaurant and winery list. 
 hope
 everything's going great.
 the big day is nearing.  keep us informed.  tell patty we're thinking
 about her.
 
 kevin