Please send to all the VE attys Richard - in case you need it for the venue transfer, this is the list that EOL prepared that demonstrates the lack of trading activity with entities based in the Eastern District  
Travis C. McCullough 
please see enclosed spreadsheet
Vinson & Elkins is collecting information regarding EnronOnline in connection with preparing Enron's defense of the patent infringement suit filed against Enron last week.  Peter Mims, an intellectual property lawyer with Vinson & Elkins, would like to speak with each of you regarding certain aspects of EnronOnline.  I suggested that he contact each of you directly to set up a time to meet with you.
Any assistance that you can provide to Peter would be greatly appreciated.  Please let me know if you have any questions or 
Travis C. McCullough 
Talk to Dave. I think he reports to Shelia so you should talk to her as well.
This is another example of litigation involving NEPCO about which 'the litigation group' (me) knew nothing.  I assume David obtained Derrick's approval for counsel (he usually does) but I still wonder what other matters are hiding under the rug that we don't know about.
Last time we discussed this you mentioned that you wanted us involved in their litigation the same way we would be involved if they were here. Accordingly, should I talk to Dave and find out what else is out there?  This deal is very similar to the last situation wherein NEPCO had filed an arbitration and we didn't find out about it until well after the thing was under way. 
Gail 
I think you are referring to a case between the Oklahoma Dept. of Health and
NEPCO, and yes I have it.  Steve Jantzen of McKinney and Stringer in
Oklahoma City was retained early on when the threat of litigation was
evident.  There was actually an earlier case filed but improperly served on
NEPCO so the court dismissed it.  This is a new case  and repeat of the old
case which has now been properly served on NEPCO.  The case will be stayed
pursuant to a Consent Decree that is being negotiated by NEPCO with the
Dept. of Health concerning compliance with the correct ratio of apprentices
to licensed electricians on the Jenks, OK jobsite.   In fact, this issue
will be moot soon as the project is near completion and all matters of
compliance will be non existent when the workforce is released later this
month.
On the other case for a $2800 collection matter, that is being handled by
Bonnie White and set to be dismissed by the plaintiff on agreement by NEPCO
to pay a compromised amount.  This case should never have happened expect
for the fact that a forwarding address from a closed office in California
never properly forwarded the claimant's invoices to NEPCO
David H. Lund, Jr.
Assistant General Counsel
National Energy Production Corporation
11831 North Creek Parkway N.
Bothell, WA 98011
425-415-3138
Fax: 425-415-3032
David.Lund@nepco.com or davidlu@nepco.com
Are you familiar with the U of Ok case? It came to
me earlier
this week and I haven't been in the office to see it.  I'll
have my
office fax you a copy in case you haven't seen it.  We can
discuss it on
Friday afternoon.  Thanks. 
Do you have this one also
Creditors Adjustment Bureau, Inc. v. National Energy Production Corporation a/ka NEPCO f/d/b/a Zurn NEPCO, and Does I through X, Inclusive; No. WS01-2054, In the Superior Court of California, Contra Costa County
We are in receipt of the Summons and Complaint for Money served on National Energy Production Corporation by process server on September 27, 2001 in the above referenced matter and assume you will be handling this matter.  If the Litigation Unit may be of any assistance, please let me know.
________________________________________________
Is this still on?
The Houstonian has notified me that I need to provide them a new date for our dinner by tomorrow morning or we lose our opportunity.  I propose Thursday, October 18.  There is no National League Championship Series game scheduled for that night.  Dinner and drinks begin at 7 p.m.  I   there.
If I have not already told you, set up a meeting w/ meand Britt for 30 min and then get Steve Elliott to join us
No, you don't, and you have been very helpful in getting them to me.  I and Richard are trying to schedule a time to speak with you further.
Do I owe you any more information regarding the case.  If you have any updates please keep me informed.
Steve
Not unless you can cure laziness. I will call him this week.
Anything I can do to expedite this?
E-MAIL NOTICE
This e-mail message is for the sole use of the intended recipient(s) and
may contain confidential and/or privileged information. Any review, use,
disclosure or distribution by persons or entities other than the
intended recipient(s) is prohibited. If you are not the intended
recipient, please contact the sender by reply and destroy all copies of
the original message. Thank you.
McCUTCHEN, DOYLE, BROWN & ENERSEN, LLP
< 
Hi Sheila, 
My partner Donn Pickett has been trying to get Richard Sanders to sign off on the attached conflicts letter concerning our representation of Reliant in the litigation in California in which Enron is also involved.  I understand the letter confirms prior conversations between Richard and Donn.  Karen suggested that, because you see Richard frequently, maybe we could enlist your help in getting the paperwork processed.  We would greatly appreciate that.
I hope all is going well for you and your family.  Let me know if you have any questions. 
Harlan 
- letter to Richard Sanders.doc  
Please set up a call w/ Donn Pickett Tues or Wed
Not unless you can cure laziness. I will call him this week.
Anything I can do to expedite this?
E-MAIL NOTICE
This e-mail message is for the sole use of the intended recipient(s) and
may contain confidential and/or privileged information. Any review, use,
disclosure or distribution by persons or entities other than the
intended recipient(s) is prohibited. If you are not the intended
recipient, please contact the sender by reply and destroy all copies of
the original message. Thank you.
McCUTCHEN, DOYLE, BROWN & ENERSEN, LLP
< 
Hi Sheila, 
My partner Donn Pickett has been trying to get Richard Sanders to sign off on the attached conflicts letter concerning our representation of Reliant in the litigation in California in which Enron is also involved.  I understand the letter confirms prior conversations between Richard and Donn.  Karen suggested that, because you see Richard frequently, maybe we could enlist your help in getting the paperwork processed.  We would greatly appreciate that.
I hope all is going well for you and your family.  Let me know if you have any questions. 
Harlan 
- letter to Richard Sanders.doc  
I talked to Mark and I don't think we have any interest.
Please see the message below and let me know whether you would have an interest in visiting with Steve Newton with respect to his idea.  Jim
Jim  
It has been several years since  we've visited, and there are a couple of areas I'd like to update with you  on.  I'm hopeful, after reading the following, that you will feel it  is worthwhile for us to get together again.
First, my last litigation project at  Fulbright & Jaworski just came to a close very unexpectedly, due  to a third party stay order, and I am once again looking for new matters to work  on.  I have attached my updated resume for your reference, or to pass on to  others in your Law Department who might have needs for my type of skills on a  project basis.  At a current billing rate of $80 per hour, engaging me  (with a specialization in this field for over 11 years)  for basic document  production activity generally will produce a meaningful cost savings  vs. utilization of even the most junior, inexperienced associate in an  outside counsel firm for such tasks.  I think I've mentioned to you before  that I have particular expertise in dealing with productions of electronic  documents -- especially email in a variety of application formats.
Second --and more importantly -- I  have reflected several years about what my ideal job would be, if  I were to go to work again on a permanent basis.  This week, I finally  took time to draft out a general job description of that job.  I have  called it, for now, a "Legal Information Counsel" position within a corporate  law department.  My draft job description is also attached  
I believe a strong case can be made  to justify such a position in many large, diverse corporations with multiple  lines of business.  In a nutshell, that justification is twofold:  (1)  avoidance of repeated re-inventions of the wheel across an organization, as it  relates to the expensive process of handling documents and data generated  by complex litigation and other corporate legal matters;  and (2) taking a  proactive leadership approach to legally significant information in a  corporation, vs. constantly being in a reactive mode as new fires break  out  
I urge you to review both my resume,  and the Legal Information Counsel description attached, and then let me come in  to visit with you about them.  I am particularly interested in your  reaction and comments to the Legal Information Counsel concept, over and above  whether such a position might be an appropriate addition to the Enron Corporate  Law Department  
I appreciate your time, Jim, and  look forward to having the opportunity to visit with you again.
Steve
281.597.8366 (home)
281.728.4468  (cell)
- SNewtRes.doc   - Legal Information Counsel.doc  
Can you call Joel and find out what this is about?
Attached is a draft of the letter to be sent to ASCC concerning the receivables deal. Tim/Chris, please note that it contemplates a new Monthly Settlement Report. After you have had a chance to review, lets discuss the timing, the dollar figure, and the discussion with the bank.
Taliban TV 
 
 
 MONDAYS: 
 8:00 - "Husseinfeld" 
 8:30 - "Mad About Everything" 
 9:00 - "Suddenly Sanctions" 
 9:30 - "The Brian Benben Bin Laden Show" 
 10:00 - "Allah McBeal" 
 
 TUESDAYS: 
 8:00 - "Wheel of Terror and Fortune" 
 8:30 - "The Price is Right If Usama Says Its Right" 
 9:00 - "Children Are Forbidden From 
            Saying The Darndest Things" 
 9:30 - "Afganistans Wackiest Public 
           Execution Bloopers" 
 10:00 - "Buffy The Yankee Imperialist Dog Slayer" 
 
 WEDNESDAYS: 
 8:00 - "U.S. Military Secrets Revealed" 
 8:30 - "When Northern Alliance Attack" 
 9:00 - "Two Guys, a Girl, and a Pita Bread" 
 9:30 - "Just Shoot Everyone" 
 10:00 - "Veilwatch" 
 
 THURSDAYS: 
 8:30 - "M*U*S*T*A*S*H" 
 9:00 - "Veronicas Closet Full of Long, 
           Black, Shapeless Dresses and Veils" 
 9:30 - "My Two Baghdads" 
 10:00 - "Diagnosis: Heresy" 
 
 FRIDAYS: 
 8:00 - "Judge Laden" 
 8:30 - "Funniest Super 8 Home Movies" 
 9:00 - "Captured Northern Alliance 
            Rebels Say the Darndest Things" 
 9:30 - "Achmeds Creek" 
 10:00 - "No eye-witness News" 
 11:00 - Beavis and Raghead" 
 12:00 - This Old Tent" with Bob Villain 
 
 
 
Is there any way that we can move this to 3? I have a meeting from 1:30-2:30. Or just move it back 30 min.
Tom Engel will conduct the demonstration for Bill LaFuze and Peter Mims on Wednesday at 2:15 p.m..  I will meet Bill and Peter at 2 p.m. and escort them to the new building.  Tom Engel will do sample trades and answer any questions they have.  Do you want to participate? 
Thanks.
Greg was going to see how he did and whether we could rehabilitate him. Check w/ Greg before we talk to Mark.
Do you want to set something up with whoever you think appropriate to discuss Dan's coming to trial and his performance? We discussed this when we were in NY and I wanted to follow up in case you needed me to do anything. 
At the risk of taking grief for having a premeeting before the premeeting before the meeting, can we talk for 15 minutes sometime today(before 5)
There was no attachment
There was something wrong with my last email.  Please check this site.  and
think of me.  I think it bears a striking resemblance to me, don't you?
Andrew Edison, Gail Brownfeld, Richard Sanders
Mark / Richard,
Can we please get a list of the attorneys in your groups that work on EGM cases by the end of today?  We are attempting to respond to a request from the EGM Office of the Chair 
Thanks.
Sayed
Edie, the attorneys in the Global Markets area are as follows:
Alan Aronowitz
Dan Rogers
Ned Crady
John Boomer
Robert Bruce
Dominic Carolan
Wayne Gresham
Matthias Lee (Singapore)
Jane McBride (Japan)
David Minns (Australia)
Limor Nissan (NY)
Coralina Rivera
Mike Robison
John Viverito
I have not heard back from Mark Taylor or Richard Sanders as of yet.  Sorry.  Maybe just guess for them.  Deb
Deb, 
EGM is requesting a list of the attorneys that work on EGM cases.  Based on our allocation schedule (I have attached it again for your reference), the following cost center owners are allocating costs to EGM: Sanders, Taylor, Aronowitz, Cash.
Could you please give me a list of attorneys within these groups that work on EGM?  I realize that Aronowitz's group is 100% EGM, so a list of attorney's in that group would work.  I also realize that Michelle Cash is probably the one within her own group who would do any work for them.  In addition though, for Sanders and Taylor, can you find out from them who in their group would work on EGM?  Is it them or attorneys within their groups?
I need to have this information today if possible.
Thanks,
Edie
Re: reporting loop----Andy
`
Richard,
This will acknowledge receipt of and thank you for the above-referenced referral.  You told me that we were to act as first-chair trial counsel in this matter, and instructed me to retain local counsel immediately.
On the recommendation of Susman & Godfrey and Willy Wood of Fulbright & Jaworski, and with Jim Derrick's authority, I am happy to report that I have retained Lazaro Garza-Gongora of Laredo as local counsel for us in this matter, at his usual hourly rate of $175, and a retainer of $5,000, to be applied by him against his fees and expenses.   By acting quickly on this, we eliminated the risk of the remaining defendants snapping up all available local counsel and being forced to beg for a share of one.  I would of course be willing to consider sharing Lazaro (and his fees) with other defendants, but with the understanding that in the event of a conflict, Lazaro would only represent us, and would be allowed to stay in the case. 
I anticipate that there will be a comprehensive joint defense agreement in this matter and that both local counsel and experts, including gas measurement experts, may be shared.  I will be speaking with you shortly about retaining a gas measurement expert.
Lazaro is going to the courthouse to review the court's file and will report shortly on what he finds.
Please let me know how you want Lazaro's bills handled.
Please let me know who needs to be in the reporting loop on this one.
As always, we greatly appreciate the chance to work with you.
I will keep you closely advised.
Britt
.
holly 
linda guinn needs a modem installed on her computer for access to pacer.  please notify the appropriate departments -- this is something she needs as soon as possible.
thanks.
Yes
Peter Mims called this a.m.. He reviewed the documents we sent yesterday and seemed pleased.  We wants more detail on the specific section pertaining to "clearing" of orders. 
I spoke with Leonardo Pacheco who suggested we meet with Kevin Montagne (he reports directly to Jay Webb and is the Sr. Director in charge of IT E-Commerce.)
I've left a voice mail to get on his calendar on Monday for a meeting with Peter and Bill.  Do you want to attend if I get time with him?
Thanks.
Our accounts receivable statement shows York Paper's outstanding balance to
be $424,601.24 with invoices dating back to May 9, 2001.  The breakdown of
the total amount due is as follows:
61-90 days	$227,417.92
90+ days	$197,183.51
Eileen is the contact person in accounts payable at York Paper
(610-940-1080).
If you need a copy of the aged trial balance report, invoices, or any other
info,  please give me a call at 973-772-8700 ext. 652.
(e-mail: rcarpanese@gspcorp.com)
Roz Carpanese
I just sent you this case. Please coordinate w/ David
This is the Grynberg lookalike we talked about.
=09A couple of suggestions on which I would appreciate your response:
=091.  I believe we need to have internal due diligence/factual investigation done on whether any of the Enron entities served--Enron Corp.(of which Northern was a division for a period of time), Enron Gas Marketing, Inc. (EGM) or Intratex ever gathered gas, was the first measurer of gas, or provided measurement of gas on which ad valorem taxes were calculated, for Zapata County or communitized wells in adjacent counties that included leases located in whole or in part in Zapata County.  The petition specifically mentions that it includes acts going back to 1974 and earlier, so I would like to see how far back we can fairly easily put together a chronology.  What I hope to have is a time line of who did what and during what period of time, and locate the most important documents to show this. =20
=09I am assuming that EGM was at all times only a marketer, although we need to do the due diligence to make sure.  Enron Corp. will be pretty easy, although Northern was for a brief period of time in the early 90s a division of Enron Corp., and Northern had non-contiguous gathering in South Texas that stopped right at the Zapata County line.  If that gathering system took gas from, say, a well in an adjacent county that was communitized with a lease in Zapata County, Enron Corp. may stay in the picture.  Last, with respect to Intratex, I am told by Lou that we no longer have the Intratex documents; did they go with HPL as a result of the sale?=20
=09Becky and I are stretched thin on various matters right now and would like to suggest that we retain Marianne Salinas on this project immediately. =20
=092. I think it would be helpful to snag a first-rate gas measurement consultant now, before they all get taken.  I know Ken Cessac, who works here, very well, and think a great deal of him.  I know Andy has used him extensively already in Grynberg-related matters.  You may want to save money and not retain our own consultant, and instead rely on Ken; however, I know that Ken is being kept very busy.  On the other hand, I also think it is likely that we will wind up sharing at least the testifying gas measurement experts and their costs.  So, this is a judgment call.  However, I would be inclined to go ahead and retain Paul LaNasa, who sits on several AGA committees, as an Enron-only consulting expert, even though I don't think he is up to speed on the Grynberg allegations.  Both Grant Harvy and I were very impressed by him during the Northern v. ONEOK arbitration, during which we worked with him extensively and presented him as an expert witness (although I don't proposed to use him as a testifying expert here).  My point would be that if there was anything wrong with Enron's measurement that was either worse than or better than our co-defendants' measurement,  or put us in a different position, I am very confident he could point it out to us. =20
=09I appreciate your thoughts.
=09Britt
Andy Edison and I made plane reservations to LA for the Rose Bowl. We are arriving at 4pm on Wed the 2nd. Did you find any empty hotels?
Thanks. Have we heard anything more?
Richard,
As per Michael's request, in order to preserve the confidential nature of the matter, I am sending you Guido Tawil's invoice for his work in reference to the recent Anti-Corruption Office request for information. 
,
Andrea
No, we have not heard from the Office again.  Word has it that the Minister will soon be relieved of his duties, and hopefully the whole issue will be buried.   I will keep you posted.
Thanks. Have we heard anything more?
Richard,
As per Michael's request, in order to preserve the confidential nature of the matter, I am sending you Guido Tawil's invoice for his work in reference to the recent Anti-Corruption Office request for information. 
,
Andrea
Yes. I have calendered it.
Can you be available for the hearing on Friday, November 2, at 9:30 a.m.?
Bonnie J. White
Enron Litigation Unit
1400 Smith Street, Suite 4824
Houston, TX  77002
Ph:  713-853-7244
Fax: 713-853-6576
bonnie.white@
No changes.
Find below the Litigation and Other Contingencies footnote from the the June 30, 2001 Form 10-Q.  Please update the section of the disclosure for which you are responsible for inclusion in the third quarter 2001 Form 10Q .  Also, please let me know if there are any new items that should be considered.
Please respond no later than Monday October 29.
Thanks,
Gary
3-6841
3.  Litigation and Other Contingencies
Litigation
=09Enron is a party to various claims and litigation, the significant items of which are discussed below.  Although no assurances can be given, Enron believes, based on its experience to date and after considering appropriate reserves that have been established, that the ultimate resolution of such items, individually or in the aggregate, will not have a material adverse impact on Enron's financial position or results of operations.
=09In 1995, several parties (the Plaintiffs) filed suit in Harris County District Court in Houston, Texas, against Intratex Gas Company (Intratex), Houston Pipe Line Company and Panhandle Gas Company (collectively, the Enron Defendants), each of which is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Enron.  The Plaintiffs were either sellers or royalty owners under numerous gas purchase contracts with Intratex, many of which have terminated.  Early in 1996, the case was severed by the Court into two matters to be tried (or otherwise resolved) separately.  In the first matter, the Plaintiffs alleged that the Enron Defendants committed fraud and negligent misrepresentation in connection with the "Panhandle program," a special marketing program established in the early 1980s.  This case was tried in October 1996 and resulted in a verdict for the Enron Defendants.  In the second matter, the Plaintiffs allege that the Enron Defendants violated state regulatory requirements and certain gas purchase contracts by failing to take the Plaintiffs' gas ratably with other producers' gas at certain times between 1978 and 1988.  The trial court certified a class action with respect to ratability claims.  On March 9, 2000, the Texas Supreme Court ruled that the trial court's class certification was improper and remanded the case to the trial court.  The Enron Defendants deny the Plaintiffs' claims and have asserted various affirmative defenses, including the statute of limitations.  The Enron Defendants believe that they have strong legal and factual defenses, and intend to vigorously contest the claims.  Although no assurances can be given, Enron believes that the ultimate resolution of these matters will not have a material adverse effect on its financial position or results of operations.
=09On November 21, 1996, an explosion occurred in the Humberto Vidal Building in San Juan, Puerto Rico.  The explosion resulted in fatalities, bodily injuries and damage to the building and surrounding property.  San Juan Gas Company, Inc. (San Juan Gas), an Enron affiliate, operated a propane/air distribution system in the vicinity, but did not provide service to the building. Enron, San Juan Gas, four affiliates and their insurance carriers were named as defendants, along with several third parties, including The Puerto Rico Aqueduct and Sewer Authority, Puerto Rico Telephone Company, Heath Consultants Incorporated, Humberto Vidal, Inc. and their insurance carriers, in numerous lawsuits filed in U.S. District Court for the District of Puerto Rico and the Superior Court of Puerto Rico.  These suits seek damages for wrongful death, personal injury, business interruption and property damage allegedly caused by the explosion.  After nearly four years without determining the cause of the explosion, all parties agreed not to litigate further that issue, but to move these suits toward settlements or trials to determine whether each plaintiff was injured as a result of the explosion and, if so, the lawful damages attributable to such injury. The defendants agreed on a fund for settlements or final awards. Numerous claims have been settled and ten cases involving 19 plaintiffs are scheduled for trial in the United States District Court beginning on December 10, 2001.  No cases have yet been scheduled for trial in the Superior Court.  Although no assurances can be given, Enron believes that the ultimate resolution of these matters will not have a material adverse effect on its financial position or results of operations.
=09Trojan Investment Recovery.  In early 1993, Portland General Electric (PGE) ceased commercial operation of the Trojan nuclear power generating facility.  The Oregon Public Utility Commission (OPUC) granted PGE, through a general rate order, recovery of, and a return on, 87 percent of its remaining investment in Trojan.=20
=09The OPUC's general rate order related to Trojan has been subject to litigation in various state courts, including rulings by the Oregon Court of Appeals and petitions to the Oregon Supreme Court filed by parties opposed to the OPUC's order, including the Utility Reform Project(URP) and the Citizens Utility Board (CUB).
=09In August 2000, PGE entered into agreements with the CUB and the staff of the OPUC to settle the litigation related to PGE's recovery of its investment in the Trojan plant.  Under the agreements, the CUB agreed to withdraw from the litigation and to support the settlement as the means to resolve the Trojan litigation.  The OPUC approved the accounting and ratemaking elements of the settlement on September 29, 2000.  As a result of these approvals, PGE's investment in Trojan is no longer included in rates charged to customers, either through a return on or a return of that investment.  Collection of ongoing decommissioning costs at Trojan is not affected by the settlement agreements or the September 29, 2000 OPUC order.  With the CUB's withdrawal, the URP is the one remaining significant adverse party in the litigation.  The URP has indicated that it plans to continue to challenge the settlement and the original OPUC order allowing PGE recovery of and a return on its investment in Trojan.=20
=09Enron cannot predict the outcome of these actions.  Although no assurances can be given, Enron believes that the ultimate resolution of these matters will not have a material adverse effect on its financial position or results of operations.
Other Contingencies
=09Environmental Matters.  Enron is subject to extensive federal, state and local environmental laws and regulations.  These laws and regulations require expenditures in connection with the construction of new facilities, the operation of existing facilities and for remediation at various operating sites.  The implementation of the Clean Air Act Amendments is expected to result in increased operating expenses.  These increased operating expenses are not expected to have a material impact on Enron's financial position or results of operations.
=09Enron's natural gas pipeline companies conduct soil and groundwater remediation on a number of their facilities.  Enron does not expect to incur material expenditures in connection with soil and groundwater remediation.
=09Developments in the California Power Market.  During 2000, prices for wholesale electricity in California significantly increased as a result of a combination of factors, including higher natural gas prices, reduction in available hydroelectric generation resources, increased demand, over-reliance on the spot market for electricity and limitations on supply.  California's regulatory regime instituted in 1996 permitted wholesale price increases but froze retail prices below market levels.  The resulting disparity between costs of supply and customer revenues caused two of California's public utilities, Pacific Gas & Electric Company (PG&E) and Southern California Edison Company (SCE), to accrue substantial unrecovered wholesale power costs and certain obligations related to the difference between third party power purchase costs and frozen rates charged to retail customers.  PG&E and SCE have defaulted on or are challenging payments owed for certain outstanding obligations, including wholesale power purchased through the California Power Exchange (the Power Exchange), from the California Independent System Operator (the Independent System Operator), and from qualifying facilities.  In addition, PG&E and the Power Exchange each have filed a voluntary petition for bankruptcy.
=09Various legislative, regulatory and legal remedies to the energy situation in California have been implemented or are being pursued, and may result in restructuring of markets in California and elsewhere.  Additional initiatives are likely at the Federal, state and local level, but it is not possible to predict their outcome at this time.
=09Enron has entered into a variety of transactions with California utilities, the Power Exchange, the Independent System Operator, end users of energy in California, and other third parties, and is owed amounts by certain of these entities.  Enron has established reserves related to such activities and believes that the combination of such reserves in accounts receivables and other credit offsets with such parties are adequate to cover its exposure to developments in the California power market.  Due to the uncertainties involved, the ultimate outcome of the California power situation cannot be predicted, but Enron believes these matters will not have a material adverse impact on Enron's financial condition or results of operations.
=09India.  Enron indirectly owns 50% of the net voting interest in Dabhol Power Company (Dabhol), which owns a 740 megawatt power plant and is constructing an additional 1,444 megawatt power plant together with an LNG regasification facility (collectively Phase II) in India.  Enron accounts for its investment in Dabhol under the equity method and the debt of Dabhol is non-recourse to Enron.  Dabhol has been in dispute with the Maharashtra State Electricity Board (MSEB), the purchaser of power from Dabhol, and the Government of Maharashtra (GOM) and the federal government of India (GOI), the guarantors of payments by the MSEB pursuant to the terms and conditions of the power purchase agreements (PPA) and the other project documents.  The contract disputes relate principally to (a) the failure by the MSEB to pay certain capacity and energy payments under the PPA, and the failure of the GOM and GOI to satisfy certain guarantee obligations under the project documents and (b) MSEB's statements that MSEB has "rescinded" the PPA and MSEB is therefore no longer bound by the PPA.  As a result of such disputes, the Phase II lenders have stopped funding the continued construction of Phase II and the construction contractors have terminated the construction contracts for non-payment.  There is no assurance that Dabhol will be able to resolve such disputes to its favor and to successfully collect on and to enforce any judgment or settlement.  However, Dabhol believes that the MSEB's actions are in clear violation of the terms of the PPA, and Dabhol intends to pursue all available legal remedies under the project documents.  As a result of these disputes, the 740 megawatt power plant is not being dispatched by MSEB.  Further, Dabhol has suspended construction activity on Phase II.  Enron does not believe that any contract dispute related to Dabhol will have a material adverse impact on Enron's financial condition or results of operations.
I need you to handle this. Call me.
I believe that Scott Josey is the commercial guy responsible for Crescendo.  I have left him a voice mail about this and will let everyone know his response.
Andy
Janet just left me a voice mail and believes this is an ENA deal after all.  Barbara--you may want to get ahold of Janet to verify ownership on this one.  Please let this group know what the final answer is.  DF
The Crescendo project is a Northern Border project, and the appropriate contact for Christopher Sullivan (the fellow that left Jim the voice mail) is probably Janet Place.  I've left Janet a voice mail with the contact information on Sullivan and asked her to get ahold of him regarding his letter on the helium issue.  In case you access email ahead of voice mail Janet, the guy is Chistopher Sullivan, Rocky Mountain Helium, 1-800-945-1547.  Thanks all.  DF
Thanks. We will run with it.
I understand from Janet Place that this is not a Northern Border project but rather a North America project and that she is leaving you a voice mail regarding this.  I assume that either you or Andy Edison will follow up.  Thank you. JIm
The Crescendo project is a Northern Border project, and the appropriate contact for Christopher Sullivan (the fellow that left Jim the voice mail) is probably Janet Place.  I've left Janet a voice mail with the contact information on Sullivan and asked her to get ahold of him regarding his letter on the helium issue.  In case you access email ahead of voice mail Janet, the guy is Chistopher Sullivan, Rocky Mountain Helium, 1-800-945-1547.  Thanks all.  DF
You need to call Jesus Melendrez at x58670 asap. He had a conf. call w/Crescendo and its outside attys today. You need to get in the loop.
I was on a plane to Seattle all morning but have called a couple of times since I landed. Please call me at 713-817-1813.  This is my cell and it seems to be working OK.
I need you to handle this. Call me.
I believe that Scott Josey is the commercial guy responsible for Crescendo.  I have left him a voice mail about this and will let everyone know his response.
Andy
Janet just left me a voice mail and believes this is an ENA deal after all.  Barbara--you may want to get ahold of Janet to verify ownership on this one.  Please let this group know what the final answer is.  DF
The Crescendo project is a Northern Border project, and the appropriate contact for Christopher Sullivan (the fellow that left Jim the voice mail) is probably Janet Place.  I've left Janet a voice mail with the contact information on Sullivan and asked her to get ahold of him regarding his letter on the helium issue.  In case you access email ahead of voice mail Janet, the guy is Chistopher Sullivan, Rocky Mountain Helium, 1-800-945-1547.  Thanks all.  DF
What about Midland or (worse) Galveston ?
Thanks 	On an unrelated note, I have Dan Shilliday checking and re-checking to see if there is a Costilla lawsuit anywhere to be found.  I'll keep you posted.  Jeff needed to reschedule our meeting till tomorrow so there is no new news on that front either. 
Our accounts receivable statement shows York Paper's outstanding balance to
be $424,601.24 with invoices dating back to May 9, 2001.  The breakdown of
the total amount due is as follows:
61-90 days	$227,417.92
90+ days	$197,183.51
Eileen is the contact person in accounts payable at York Paper
(610-940-1080).
If you need a copy of the aged trial balance report, invoices, or any other
info,  please give me a call at 973-772-8700 ext. 652.
(e-mail: rcarpanese@gspcorp.com)
Roz Carpanese
You should read
previously just sent to you.  Same memo, but method of sending the prior
memo caused it to lose some of its formatting.
This message contains information which may be confidential and privileged.
Unless you are the addressee (or authorized to receive for the addressee),
you may not use, copy or disclose to anyone the message or any information
contained in the message.  If you have received the message in error, please
advise the sender by reply e-mail @mofo.com, and delete the message.
Thank you very much.
- Memo re PGE Meeting.DOC 
Thx. We need to talk asap today.
I have talked with Ken Krissa and have placed a couple of calls to Jesus.  In short, there is no conference call set for today; however, Jesus has brought back with him (from Cresendo's offices) copies of all the correspondence between Cresendo and Rocky Mountain Helium.  These documents also contain an opinion letter from Cresendo's outside counsel, Bill Ward, at Pruitt, Gushee and Bachtell.  I've also learned that ENA owns about 85-90% of Cresendo with the remainder being owned by NG Resources (a BCCK Engineering entity) and Cresendo Energy Partners.  Cresendo Energy Partners is owned by Ken Krissa and another guy and is the managing member of the LLC.  I'm getting a copy of the LLC agreeemnt .
I'll keep you posted.  Please let me know if you have any questions. 
I am not going
AGENT JH/VA BOOKING REF
YVVYL7
SANDERS/RICHARD B
ENRON
1400 SMITH
HOUSTON TX 77002
TWANDA SWEET X39402
DATE:  OCT 24 2001
SERVICE               DATE  FROM           TO             DEPART
ARRIVE
CONTINENTAL AIRLINES  29OCT HOUSTON TX     WASHINGTON DC  120P    512P
CO 232     A          MON   G.BUSH INTERCO R REAGAN NAT
TERMINAL C     TERMINAL B
NON STOP
RESERVATION CONFIRMED         2:52 DURATION
AIRCRAFT: BOEING 737-500
HOTEL                 29OCT MARRIOTT JW HOTEL
31OCT 1331 PENNSYLVANIA AVENUE
WASHINGTON, DC 20004
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA
TELEPHONE: 1-202 3932000
FAX: 1-202 6266991
CONFIRMATION: 80473590
REFERENCE: CORA00
SINGLE ROOM
RATE: COR USD 199.00 PER NIGHT
GUARANTEE GIVEN
CONTINENTAL AIRLINES  31OCT WASHINGTON DC  HOUSTON TX     740A    955A
CO 227     A          WED   R REAGAN NAT   G.BUSH INTERCO
TERMINAL B     TERMINAL C
NON STOP
RESERVATION CONFIRMED         3:15 DURATION
AIRCRAFT: BOEING 737-500
RESERVATION NUMBER(S)  CO/VNC9GD
CO  FREQUENT FLYER COTP028685
*CONTINENTAL RECORD LOCATOR: VNC9GD
THIS IS A TICKETLESS RESERVATION. PLEASE HAVE A
PICTURE ID AVAILABLE AT THE AIRPORT. THANK YOU
CONTINENTAL 005-7035412661/ETCO/USD1860.00/22OCT01
THANK YOU FOR CALLING VITOL TRAVEL
713 FARGO AVENUE
HOUSTON TX 77006
713-526-0633-NEW NUMBER
1 800-724-7002
__________________________________________________
Do You Yahoo!?
Make a great connection at Yahoo! Personals.
I have forwarded a copy of this letter to each of you.It involves a wrongful death claim. Gail-- please coordinate.
The following original documents, received today, have been forwarded for your immediate attention:
Dennis Floyd Keiffer - DOL: 2/22/01.  LETTER DATED 10/16/01 RE UNDERINSURED MOTORIST CLAIM to Enron Corp. (NEPCO employee per Rob Cole) by regular mail on 10/22/01.
PLEASE ADVISE IF NOT RECEIVED WITHIN 1 BUSINESS DAY.
Thank you 
Becky A. Stephens
Support Services Coordinator
Enron Litigation Unit, EB4809
713/853-5025
713/853-6576 (fax)
Becky.Stephens@
DJ Enron Sues Microsoft Over Failed Broadband Services Deal    By Michael Rieke
Of DOW JONES NEWSWIRES
HOUSTON (Dow Jones)--In a July conference call with analysts when Jeff Skilling
was still chief executive of Enron Corp. (ENE), he threw out a ray of hope for
his company's foundering broadband business.
Enron Broadband Services had just signed a long-term deal to provide bandwidth
for MSN, Microsoft Corp.'s (MSFT) online Internet service, Skilling said. Enron
would give more details on the deal later.
After three months without farther word on the deal, Enron has broken its silence
by suing Microsoft.
In a suit filed Thursday in the district court of Harris County, Texas, Enron
claimed Microsoft has failed to live up to terms of the deal.
The agreement, signed June 25, called for Enron Broadband to develop and provide
network capacity and other services to support Microsoft's offering of high-speed
Internet service, according to the lawsuit.
Microsoft was required to develop an electronic ordering and billing system for
use with all regional Bell telephone companies during an initial phase of the
deal, according to the lawsuit.
Microsoft has failed to provide that system and other items required in the deal,
so Enron isn't required to deliver operational broadband services for the deal,
the lawsuit said.
This will confirm that the meetings with Weil for Sat and Sun will begin at 10am. Mark wants the entire team to be present for the Sat meeting. We will decide after that meeting who needs to be present on Sun. I have sent Weil a number of materials, including the 3rd quarter results given to the analysts. We anticipate that Sat will be a lawyers only meeting to discuss the corporate structure and the bankruptcy issues related to the different business units. The meeting will probably last 4-5 hours.
The Sun meeting will include the commercial team. An agenda will be prepared, but most of the day will be devoted to information gathering and brainstorming.
The meeting is in 3321.
This will confirm that the meetings with Weil for Sat and Sun will begin at 10am. Mark wants the entire team to be present for the Sat meeting. We will decide after that meeting who needs to be present on Sun. I have sent Weil a number of materials, including the 3rd quarter results given to the analysts. We anticipate that Sat will be a lawyers only meeting to discuss the corporate structure and the bankruptcy issues related to the different business units. The meeting will probably last 4-5 hours.
The Sun meeting will include the commercial team. An agenda will be prepared, but most of the day will be devoted to information gathering and brainstorming.
Did this get paid? If not, we need to process asap.
Thanks
I spoke with Gordon.  The assets that he knew about were ones that we have already looked at.  I was very nice and told him that I was appreciative of his notifying us about them 
I owe him a call to tell him whether we are still pursuing these projects or whether we have given up on them.  Gordon wanted to be sure that we had no interest before bringing these projects to his other clients' attention.
Stuart
I need Linda Guinn To have VP authority to approve invoices as outlined below.
Per our conversation, SAP needs an approval delegation from you so that I can approve your invoices at the VP level.
Please forward this email to SAP security for processing.
Thanks,
Linda Guinn
Two answers:1) I don't think you need one--you can file anywhere in the Southern District, 2) a desire to get crazy judge, like Sam Kent.
Apparently, he is going to do a broad search and has asked VE's expert searcher to get involved as well.  What would be the basis for a filing in Galveston? 
What about Midland or (worse) Galveston ?
Thanks 	On an unrelated note, I have Dan Shilliday checking and re-checking to see if there is a Costilla lawsuit anywhere to be found.  I'll keep you posted.  Jeff needed to reschedule our meeting till tomorrow so there is no new news on that front either. 
Our accounts receivable statement shows York Paper's outstanding balance to
be $424,601.24 with invoices dating back to May 9, 2001.  The breakdown of
the total amount due is as follows:
61-90 days	$227,417.92
90+ days	$197,183.51
Eileen is the contact person in accounts payable at York Paper
(610-940-1080).
If you need a copy of the aged trial balance report, invoices, or any other
info,  please give me a call at 973-772-8700 ext. 652.
(e-mail: rcarpanese@gspcorp.com)
Roz Carpanese
I have had several more conversations that convince me that FERC will provide very helpful answers to the three quesitions that Robin sent to me regarding FERC's jurisdiction over the issues in the California cases.
You should be aware of timing issues.  Two of FERC's five positions (both Republican or Independent) are vacant, but soon to be filled by nominated candidates.  Both nominees (Pat Wood and Nora Brownell) are expected to be helpful to our interests.   If we suceed in getting a U.S. district court judge to sollicit FERC's view befor the  two new nominees are seated, there may be a slight risk that members of Congress will hold their nominations hostage over the issue of how FERC answers the court.
I have copied Linda Robertson, the head of Enron's Washington shop, so that she can assess how real this risk is and whether it should influence our timing.
Per Richard Sanders request, attached is the dial in information for the weekly conference calls scheduled on Thursdays at 2:00 (cst).
Domestic Dial In Number:  1-800-713-8600
International Dial In Number:  1-801-983-4017
Passcode:  56871
Host:  Mark Haedicke
Conference Room:  EB38C2
Please note that a conference call re California is scheduled for today at 4:00 p.m. (cst).  The dial in number is 1-800-998-2462.  The passcode is 5264561.
FYI
Last night's game was rescheduled for 4 June.  They're going to skip
Wakefield's turn, so Pedro's pitching on 24 May.  That means that if
things stay the same, he'd pitch on Thursday, 21 June and miss that
weekend against the Blue Jays entirely.
But heck, 2-0 games are boring, right?
Do you have a list of the PX participants committee that you could send me by e-mail.
John Quinn, one of our (many)litigators in California was approached by David Boies' firm about getting involved in the Quinque matter. He called me, learned that we were a defendant, and declined Boies' offer to get involved. I have attached the Boies firm response. I think the danger of allowing the Quinn Emmanuel firm to get involved far outweighs the benefit of getting a release. The release may be shortlived.  Enron could be added to Quinque or a Quinque copycat by another Plaintiffs atty. Furthurmore, their involvement in Quinque could result in the development of evidence adverse to our position in the Grynberg case. What are your thoughts?
here's the latest--if we agree to get involved in this, they will dismiss enron defts if it is ok with you
Message-id:  Date: Tue, 22 May 2001 14:25:53 -0400
I think it would be worth pursuing that option with your client.  If it
meant the involvement of your firm (to any significant extent), the
plaintiffs would likely agree to dismiss the Enron defendants.
Attached is our contact list.
Do you have a list of the PX participants committee that you could send me
by e-mail.
*  This message is intended solely for the use of the addressee(s) and is intended to be privileged and confidential within the attorney client privilege.  If you have received this message in error, please immediately notify the sender and delete all copies of this email message along with all attachments.  Thank you.
- 1197575.pdf 
Attached is our contact list.
Do you have a list of the PX participants committee that you could send me
by e-mail.
*  This message is intended solely for the use of the addressee(s) and is intended to be privileged and confidential within the attorney client privilege.  If you have received this message in error, please immediately notify the sender and delete all copies of this email message along with all attachments.  Thank you.
- 1197575.pdf 
Please note that a conference call is scheduled for tomorrow at 10:00 am (cst) re California.
The dial in number is 800-998-2462, passcode 5268429
Richard.  This is in WordPerfect.  Let me know if you can't open it.
- rasmussenconfidential.wpd 
What case is this and why is it still in front of Whaley?
There was telephonic oral argument today before Judge Whaley on the filed
rate issues in Campbell v. SDGE.  It went very well.  Judge Whaley began by
asking Campbell to argue first, since "It seems to me you're flying in the
face of the filed rate doctrine."  The bulk of the argument focused on two
issues:  (1) what if anything is the effect of FERC's inability to issue
retroactive rate relief, and (2) (to a much lesser extent) how a class
action based on SDGE customers only avoided the discrimination prong of the
doctrine.  Campbell's argument was ineffective, consisting mostly of his
preferred social policy rather than any law.  His most substantive argument
was that filed rate was based on a res judicata-like theory, and since
market-based rates are not passed on by FERC before they go into effect, and
can't changed be retroactively, resort to the courts was appropriate.
I was not asked any specific questions at first, but was rather just asked
to respond.  I began by advising the court of the July 25th order in which
FERC held that filed rate applied to these market-based rates, then
discussed Norwood, then addressed the res judicata analogy by pointing to
the cases that hold that mere filing, rather than agency review, invokes the
doctrine.  Whaley asked me a couple of questions about retroactive relief,
the most significant of which was along the following lines:  "So what you
are saying is that if, at the end of the day, it is determined that there is
no right of retroactive relief, then that's just like a statute of
limitations or any other limitation on a right or remedy that doesn't effect
FERC's jurisdiction."  I answered affirmatively, stating that the salient
point was that it was within Congress' power to decide how this type of
interstate commerce was to be regulated, and that if Congress imposed
limitations on remedies for illegal behavior, we were all bound by that.  He
seemed content with that answer.
Campbell replied in an argument that was pretty close to saying, "There must
always be a remedy somewhere."  Interestingly, Whaley then asked Campbell a
couple of times whether he would concede Keogh's applicability if there was
a FERC remedy.  I think this was a setup, and Campbell walked into it,
basically saying yes.  Whaley didn't close the trap, but it would not
surprise me if he finds that the existence of a remedy at the agency doesn't
matter, and since Campbell admits that Keogh would bar the claim if there
were a remedy, he's out of court.
Whaley took it under submission and said he would issue an order.  I think
he'll rule very narrowly, stressing that Campbell's is a claim under the
FPA.  I tried to broaden his thinking, arguing that we ought not allow every
plaintiff to attempt to reinvent the regulatory system by dreaming up every
manner of legal attack on filed rates, but I suspect he saw through that and
will rule narrowly.  Anyway, I expect a good result.
I approve
Richard, this is for the flat screen that Michelle Blaine requested 
Thank you for submitting an order through iBuyit eProcurement.  Unfortunately, the system was not able to determine who should approve your request.
Please route this document to the person who generally approves your expenditures and have them send an email to Enron IT Purchasing denoting the approval.
To facilitate the communication, attached you will see the list of items you ordered.
Thank you,
For future orders, we can update the workflow table to route directly to the approver if you provide the approvers' names.
You have sent me some random e-mails lately. The reason they are leaving is because Broadband--move closer to your screen while I whisper-- is not making any freaking money. Yes I am going to South America. I don't know when. Why do you care about any of this--- is your ne'r do well brother-in-law one of these people??
Digressing, why are so many tech department people receiving buyout
packages?
Give me some details on the prices and I will run it by our traders.
John Scott
Subject:     Energy
05/03/2001 11:43
AM
Richard-
I bought an apartment complex in Abilene (clearly trying to be like
Patterson).  The energy bills-all bills paid-are outrageous.  I am thinking
of getting a long term contract to cap energy costs.  Big question is
whether Texas rates are going to skyrocket?  Your opinion would be greatly
appreciated and rewarded with a free lunch at location to be determined by
you.
Doug said you came to town recently.  His son is on David Schmidt's team.
Tell Enron to relocate to the Fort.  It could rename Lagrave Field, Enron's
Lagrave Field.
John
Other than the Taub case, I don't know of anything. Linda?
Please take a look at this e-mail and let me know if you are aware of anything.
Thanks.
Andy,
I need to make disclosure on any threatened or pending litigation against BAM Lease Company or any other party affecting the Leased Facilities. The Leased Facilities are the Houston, Bammel and Texas City Loops and the Bammel Storage Facility including the compressor sites and compressors as well as meters. Currently the Leased Facilities are leased by HPL Assets Holdings LP to BAM as assignee of HPL. BAM will be leasing the Leased Facilities back to HPL under the sublease. Can you let me know if there is any threatened or pending litigation involving these entities or assets specifically--as always,
I appreciate your help--
Sandi
By copy of this e-mail, I have asked Linda Guinn(713-853-6104) to get you a copy of the McConville consulting agreement asap.
Gary Grote is okay on producing this agreement.  Can you send me a copy? Thanks
Steve
ALSCHULER GROSSMAN STEIN & KAHAN LLP
ATTORNEYS AT LAW
www.agsk.com
2049 Century Park East
Thirty-Ninth Floor
Los Angeles, CA 90067-3213
Tel 310-277-1226
Fax 310-552-6077
This transmission is intended only for the use
of the addressee and may contain information
that is privileged, confidential and exempt from
disclosure under applicable law. If you are not
the intended recipient, or the employee or agent
responsible for delivering the message to the
intended recipient, you are hereby notified that
any dissemination, distribution or copying of
this communication is strictly prohibited.
If you have received this communication
in error, please notify us immediately
via e-mail at postmaster@agsk.com or
by telephone at 310-277-1226. Thank you.
The conflicts are not apparent to me. Please follow up.
To follow up on yesterday's e-mail, I am attaching two transcribed voice-mails from Chuck La Bella received today.  I thought you might be interested in the latter half of the first voice-mail, coming from a prosecutor.
The information contained in this e-mail message and any accompanying documents is subject to the attorney-client privilege and/or the attorney work product rule and is confidential business information intended only for the use of the individual or entity named above.  If the reader of this message is not the intended recipient or representative of the recipient, you are hereby notified that any dissemination of this communication is strictly prohibited.  If you have received this communication in error, please notify Kathryn A. Pugh at kpugh@pkns.com and immediately delete this message from your system.
- #287031v1 -LABELLA, CHUCK V-M FROM.wpd 
Give me a call when you get a second.
Will you stay on the telephone to interview Marshall Grossman this afternoon?  Bob
"  What about lunch today(fri)
Are things settling down for you?  Do you  want to do lunch after the Investiture on the 31st?  Ileana. P.S. My frontal lobes are killing me.....Do you happen to know any 
Howard Weg left me a message last night that you were scheduled at 10am. I suggested to Harry that he call Howard directly, as he is the keeper of the schedule. The interviews are at Greenberg Glusker, which I think is in Century City. The Angels are in town Tues night. How far away is that?
Do you know what time our presentation is going to be on Wednesday.  We are trying to coordinate a bunch of differnent schedules.
Is that going to do it?
It's completed.  Linda R Guinn's (P00503232) been setup to approve at the Senior Director Level (up to $74,999.99) in iBuyit eProcurement. 
Thanks!
SAP Security
05/23/2001 09:27 AM
Sent by:	Eva Tow
Lori,
This is an urgent request.  Please update Linda R Guinn's (P00503232) iBUYit profile to approve at the highest level of approval - Sr. Director .  Please notify the user ASAP.
Thank you,
SAP Security (Eva)
I need Linda Guinn To have VP authority to approve invoices as outlined below.
Per our conversation, SAP needs an approval delegation from you so that I can approve your invoices at the VP level.
Please forward this email to SAP security for processing.
Thanks,
Linda Guinn
As you will note, Robin has made some use of the Lockyer statements.
- 26FY01!.WPD 
Yes, please.
Let me know if you'd like me to handle the Pain Creek matter.  Thanks.
Of course Gail.  I'm sorry you didn't get a copy sooner. 
Millie,  Please make a copy of the arbitration demand and our response that
Seth Price submitted on our behalf.  This is entitled "Foster Wheeler
Limited vs. NEPCO"  Please fax or overnight mail the copy to Gail Brownfeld
at Enron, EWS.  Go to the Enron web site (People Finder) to locate her
mailing address.  Thanks.
By copy to Richard Sanders, I left a voice message last week with you
describing a new matter we are developing as a claim against Overland
Construction, Inc. (a subsidiary of Black and Veatch) on a project called
"Payne Creek", located in central Florida.  Considering the losses suffered
to date ($7 Million) the project is now spelled "Pain Creek".  I spoke to
Schwartzenburg about it and he suggested we enlist your group for
assistance.  I have also retained Seth Price's firm (with Derrick's
approval) to help evaluate and develop the claim.  I would like to schedule
a conference call with Seth, myself and a member of your group to review the
claim.  Schwartzenburg and myself are available on Thursday, September 13th
and so is Seth but only in the morning.  Given the time zone differences
between Seth and myself, I would like to target 11:00 AM central time.  Let
me know if Gail or someone else will be the assigned attorney.  The claim
involves construction cost overruns due to errors in the owners
specification. 
Thanks.
David H. Lund, Jr.
Assistant General Counsel
National Energy Production Corporation
11831 North Creek Parkway N.
Bothell, WA 98011
425-415-3138
Fax: 425-415-3032
David.Lund@nepco.com or davidlu@nepco.com
David,
Sorry for the phone tag of last week. The reason I
was calling
actually related to the attached.Can I get a copy of the
file on this
and also can we schedule a call with outside counsel to
discuss this
matter?  Apparently, life at EWS in not that different from
EI and as
the trusty litigation manager, I need to be involved in
this.  To the
extent that I have suggested a call on Wednesday to discuss
the Pakistan
case, maybe you and I can arrange something with Seth to
occur before or
after that call.  It would be helpful to have what was filed
beforehand,
if it could be arranged. Thanks in advance.
Yes, against NEPCO.  We have retained Seth Price of Shapiro
Fussell in
Atlanta.  I have Derrick's approval.  The action was
delivered two weeks
ago
and then put on hold.  After the unsuccessful settlement
meeting, it was
ignited again.  Seth will issue our response on Tuesday
(9/4).  Seth has
worked on NEPCO matters before and is familiar with our
business
practices
and contract terms with suppliers. 
This is rather new matter and I didn't have the opportunity
to involve
you
earlier.
David H. Lund, Jr.
Assistant General Counsel
National Energy Production Corporation
11831 North Creek Parkway N.
Bothell, WA 98011
425-415-3138
Fax: 425-415-3032
David.Lund@nepco.com or davidlu@nepco.com
Dave,
Was the arbitration initiated
against NEPCO?  If
so,
who has
been retained to handle it?
This is a heads up to a mounting dispute
with a major
equipment
supplier,
Foster Wheeler Limited (HRSG supplier).
Currently they
have
initiated
an
arbitration action before the AAA here in
Seattle for a
payment claim
($1.2
M) on the Linden, NJ project of which we
have held back
payment to
satisfy
our claim for delay LDs and re-work ($3.8
M).  While
this
action is
pending,
FWL has initiated some unlawful bargaining
tactics on
our
Lakeworth, FL
project.  More of the drama is outlined
below. 
No need for action here.
David H. Lund, Jr.
Assistant General Counsel
National Energy Production Corporation
11831 North Creek Parkway N.
Bothell, WA 98011
425-415-3138
Fax: 425-415-3032
David.Lund@nepco.com or davidlu@nepco.com
ATTORNEY-CLIENT COMMUNICATION; PRIVELEGED
AND
CONFIDENTIAL
Galen,
I don't have the full history of dealing on
this
purchase
order with
FWL,
but my instincts say we don't have to accept
"material"
changes to the
terms
on the eve of signing a PO.  FWL's attempt
to adjust
significant delay
risk
at the eleventh hour constitutes a breach of
good faith
and
fair
dealing.
It is as if we were to sign the PO based on
weeks of
review
of a firm
and
final price but mark down the price a few
million on the
final draft
because
we felt we were taken to the cleaners on a
previous job
they
sold to us.
FWL needs to be instructed to accept the PO
without the
proposed
changes.
If they refuse, we have (and we must tell
them) the
choice
to contract
with
another party and hold them liable for the
extra cost of
another
supplier to
make the schedule required.  This liability
is based on
breach of an
implied
contract and FWL faces damages for
detrimental reliance
(that would be
the
incremental cost above FWL's firm price
charged by the
replacement
vendor).
The reliance argument is that we excused
other bidders
weeks
ago and
chose
to exclusively deal with FWL based on
agreement
(reliance)
of terms and
conditions presented in earlier drafts of
the PO or
referred
to in
previous
PO documents.  The detriment argument is FWL
knew they
had
us captive to
them on this deal.  By going forward without
other
bidders,
we lost
price
protection and commitment for schedule by
other bidders,
therefore we
are at
a detriment without market forces.  In the
best world,
our
purchasing
activities need to keep proposals
competitive by not
dropping back to
one
supplier for critical path equipment.
I mentioned a choice here, the other choice
is to
continue
to deal with
FWL
and accept their additional terms because
the risk of
changing horses
and
being successful on a lawsuit based on
implied contract
and
detrimental
reliance outweighs the risk and cost of
having to
"mitigate"
the effect
of
LDs on FWL if critical path work is not
impacted or hard
to
document and
prove it was impacted, and whether our
obligations were
fulfilled in
this
respect.  Since FWL has now opened the door
to change
"material" terms
on
the eve of signing, we have the opportunity
to do the
same
with them,
but
that doesn't help if the parties continue to
go in
opposite
directions
while
your end date stays the same.  I would say
they know
this is
a dilemma
to us
and are betting we will deal with them on
these new
first-time
"material"
changes to the PO terms.  If we go with the
second
choice, I
would
encourage
NEPCO and Enron to take FWL off any
preferred bidders
list.
In addition, I thought I heard from the
folks who
attended
the Linden 6
settlement meeting a week ago that the
parties said they
would not let
the
litigation on Linden 6 effect our other
on-going deals.
Apparently FWL
is
taking their issues on Linden 6 over to
other deals.  We
may
want to do
the
same.
Stepping back a bit, unless our documents
and witnesses
are
crystal
clear on
the implied contract theory and we have a
clear fact
pattern
for
detrimental
reliance, I wouldn't lick our chops and be
confident
that we
got them on
this liability.  I am willing to advance an
argument for
posture
purposes in
order to force some conclusion on the PO
terms that they
have attempted
to
open up.  And with what little I know thus
far, I would
encourage we try
to
strike a deal in lieu of another lawsuit.
David H. Lund, Jr.
Assistant General Counsel
National Energy Production Corporation
11831 North Creek Parkway N.
Bothell, WA 98011
425-415-3138
Fax: 425-415-3032
David.Lund@nepco.com or davidlu@nepco.com
File:
8&13.doc
> David,
I am forwarding an email
from Mr. Garry
Greatrix,
Project
Manager, Foster Wheeler Ltd.  Please read
the document
attached entitled
8&13.doc.  This has been presented as
revised language
to
"all NEPCO
contracts" from Foster Wheeler.  This
suggested language
has
been
presented
as endorsed by Foster Wheeler legal and
executive
management.  The FW
team
explained that this language resulted from
what they
have
experienced
with
NEPCO on recent projects, specifically
Linden 6 and
Kendall
and that
they
cannot sign the purchase contract without
it.
Since this affects more than
the Lake
Worth
Project I
felt
any acceptance or dialog regarding FW's
suggested
language
would need to
be
reviewed and approved by NEPCO legal and
executive team.
Galen J. Torneby
Project Manager
National Energy Production
Corporation
(NEPCO)
11831 North Creek Parkway
North
Bothell,  WA  98011  USA
Tel:   425-415-3052
Cell:  425-922-0475
Fax:  425-415-3098
email:
Please find attached
Minutes of our
Project Design
Review Meeting
at
NEPCAN offices
Wednesday August 22,
2001.
Discussion and Action
items are as
noted for
followup
by
NEPCO/NEPCAN/FW
accordingly.
Garry Greatrix
FW Project Manager
Please call Mcgrath TODAY and give him an update and our apologies.
I received the attached today from Gerry McGrath concerning his invoice.
ALSCHULER GROSSMAN STEIN & KAHAN LLP
ATTORNEYS AT LAW
www.agsk.com
2049 Century Park East
Thirty-Ninth Floor
Los Angeles, CA 90067-3213
Tel 310-277-1226
Fax 310-552-6077
This transmission is intended only for the use
of the addressee and may contain information
that is privileged, confidential and exempt from
disclosure under applicable law. If you are not
the intended recipient, or the employee or agent
responsible for delivering the message to the
intended recipient, you are hereby notified that
any dissemination, distribution or copying of
this communication is strictly prohibited.
If you have received this communication
in error, please notify us immediately
via e-mail at postmaster@agsk.com or
by telephone at 310-277-1226. Thank you.
- Enclosed.txt 
- ALTERNATIVE.HTM 
I did not get a copy of the case.
In case you have not seen this case, it talks about class certification of
unfair competition claims in California -- even allows a national class
based upon California Law.
Thanks
Gary
fyi
Attached is our contact list.
Do you have a list of the PX participants committee that you could send me
by e-mail.
*  This message is intended solely for the use of the addressee(s) and is intended to be privileged and confidential within the attorney client privilege.  If you have received this message in error, please immediately notify the sender and delete all copies of this email message along with all attachments.  Thank you.
- 1197575.pdf 
I have asked my asst, Twanda Sweet, to set up a meeting on Tues re this issue. I will include Mike Day. Is there anyone else that should be in this meeting---EES legal?
PG&E want to fight the TURN accounting as it, basically, wiped out hopes of collecting their undercollected amount from a regulatory accounting perspective.   The company has said they need to keep the old accounting convention alive, as it would bolster their chance for recovery in the litigation on the just and reasonable argument in Federal District Court.
Can either of you help me get Jim an answer?
James D Steffes
05/24/2001 09:20 AM
Bob 
Monday, May 14 PG&E asked the Court to stay the PUC's March 27 Order on accounting procedures.  Where is this going?  This would be very bad.
Jim
I have hard copies that I will send to you by interoffice mail.
URGENT 		URGENT		URGENT		URGENT 
You have been identified as a supervisor who has not completed a 2000 year end evaluation form for some of your employees.   Please review the following names and take a moment to complete an evaluation form for your employees. 
1.  Linda Guinn
2.  Claudia Meraz
3.  Twanda Sweet
Please note that it is extremely important for all employees, that go through our PRC process, to have an original signed evaluation form  IN THEIR PERSONNEL FILE. 
If you have ANY questions, please contact me at ext. 5-7803 or my assistant, Ramona Perkins at ext. 5-8165.
Thank You.
I need to get the attached info to assist with the CA litigation. Who should I call?
Richard,
Here are the specifics of what we need to get copied:
M:\NAHOUTRD\Houston\Power\Common\Electric\West\Incremnt\2000
We need all files copied from this directory.  These are the 2000 West Desk
Real Time spread sheets.
Thanks
Gary
FYI
Attached is our contact list.
Do you have a list of the PX participants committee that you could send me
by e-mail.
*  This message is intended solely for the use of the addressee(s) and is intended to be privileged and confidential within the attorney client privilege.  If you have received this message in error, please immediately notify the sender and delete all copies of this email message along with all attachments.  Thank you.
- 1197575.pdf 
please print this out so that I can understand it
Richard/Linda,
Please let me know if you have any questions.
Vivian
5-3995
Maybe-- let me switch a meeting or two-- I'll call you back.
Great if we can go early--around 11:30?  Let me know. Ow, the pain, the pain 
I would ask Mike Smith.
I have asked my asst, Twanda Sweet, to set up a meeting on Tues re this issue. I will include Mike Day. Is there anyone else that should be in this meeting---EES legal?
PG&E want to fight the TURN accounting as it, basically, wiped out hopes of collecting their undercollected amount from a regulatory accounting perspective.   The company has said they need to keep the old accounting convention alive, as it would bolster their chance for recovery in the litigation on the just and reasonable argument in Federal District Court.
Can either of you help me get Jim an answer?
James D Steffes
05/24/2001 09:20 AM
Bob 
Monday, May 14 PG&E asked the Court to stay the PUC's March 27 Order on accounting procedures.  Where is this going?  This would be very bad.
Jim
I don't shop at Tom James. Please take me off ypur e-mail list.
CEO | Super 180's
Made in Huddersfield England
With demand so high, and supply increasingly limited, it's a privilege to be
able to offer CEO Super 180's to our clients.  But, what exactly does make
these fabrics the finest Super 180's in the world?
New South Whales, Australia.  There, on a ranch deep in the outback, 114,000
specially bred Merino sheep are raised under strictly controlled conditions.
All are individually numbered, fed a special diet and even protected from
the elements by jackets.  Each year, a new generation of prized rams and
ewes surpasses the previous one in the quality of their wool.  Yet, at a
demanding 14.5-14.9 microns, less than 1% of total production will be judged
worthy of CEO Super 180's.
Huddersfield, England.  At Taylor & Stewart, a famed mill known for its
expertise, the longest and strongest and most supple of these wool staple
yarns are spun, woven and finished according to 400 year old tradition.
Fabrics are scoured with rainwater which travels from 60 miles away through
ancient rock to reach the mill's own 1500 foot deep well.  Unique finishing
processes truly set these fabrics apart, and are accomplished via treasured,
time-tested machinery and state of the art computerized equipment.
The result is a magnificent, superbly tailorable cloth that's actually finer
than cashmere.  Its soft, buttery hand, durability and resilience are
unparalleled in the luxury market.  Of raw materials as scarce and
painstakingly acquired as earth's rarest gems, the cost of such wools has
risen significantly.  Yet, a close partnership between Tom James and the
renowned mills of Huddersfield permits us to control costs and make CEO
Super 180's readily available to you.
Surely, a privilege you will enjoy for seasons to come.
Carol L. Measom
Professional Clothier
Tom James Clothing Company
4605 Post Oak Place Drive, #200
Houston, TX  77027
713.622.5678, ext 124
www.tomjamesco.com
Learn more about me at:
This time is good for Enron. We will talk to you then.
Pursuant to Tom Lauria's instructions a conference call has been set for September 11th at 9:30 a.m. (EST).  The following is the dial-in information:
Dial-in Number:  1-800-600-2869
Participant Number:  741064
Thanks.
Probably Bob Williams should attend.
Jim
I have asked my asst, Twanda Sweet, to set up a meeting on Tues re this issue. I will include Mike Day. Is there anyone else that should be in this meeting---EES legal?
PG&E want to fight the TURN accounting as it, basically, wiped out hopes of collecting their undercollected amount from a regulatory accounting perspective.   The company has said they need to keep the old accounting convention alive, as it would bolster their chance for recovery in the litigation on the just and reasonable argument in Federal District Court.
Can either of you help me get Jim an answer?
James D Steffes
05/24/2001 09:20 AM
Bob 
Monday, May 14 PG&E asked the Court to stay the PUC's March 27 Order on accounting procedures.  Where is this going?  This would be very bad.
Jim
Please  evaluate Andy Edison. I value your input.
see below
Dinner was great.
ALSCHULER GROSSMAN STEIN & KAHAN LLP
ATTORNEYS AT LAW
www.agsk.com
2049 Century Park East
Thirty-Ninth Floor
Los Angeles, CA 90067-3213
Tel 310-277-1226
Fax 310-552-6077
This transmission is intended only for the use
of the addressee and may contain information
that is privileged, confidential and exempt from
disclosure under applicable law. If you are not
the intended recipient, or the employee or agent
responsible for delivering the message to the
intended recipient, you are hereby notified that
any dissemination, distribution or copying of
this communication is strictly prohibited.
If you have received this communication
in error, please notify us immediately
via e-mail at postmaster@agsk.com or
by telephone at 310-277-1226. Thank you.
- NSM522CF.TXT 
See attached
ALSCHULER GROSSMAN STEIN & KAHAN LLP
ATTORNEYS AT LAW
www.agsk.com
2049 Century Park East
Thirty-Ninth Floor
Los Angeles, CA 90067-3213
Tel 310-277-1226
Fax 310-552-6077
This transmission is intended only for the use
of the addressee and may contain information
that is privileged, confidential and exempt from
disclosure under applicable law. If you are not
the intended recipient, or the employee or agent
responsible for delivering the message to the
intended recipient, you are hereby notified that
any dissemination, distribution or copying of
this communication is strictly prohibited.
If you have received this communication
in error, please notify us immediately
via e-mail at postmaster@agsk.com or
by telephone at 310-277-1226. Thank you.
- NSN521CF.TXT 
I have left a message for Jim. I will be getting back from working a week in the Portland office on Sunday, so we would have to leave on Monday. Are any other weeks after that good?
Hi Richard,
How about the week of July 16-17?  That works for Novak and me.  I'll make an agenda.  Please check with Jim.
Rgds,
Michelle
I am flyingt to LA tonight(Mon) and can be reached at 713-410-6128. The last I heard, Susman was coming. Whether Steve Susman comes remains to be seen.
Here is an email I received from the Susman Godfrey firm about their
interest in representing the Participants Committee in the commandeering
matter.
Howard,
My partner Steve Susman forwarded me a copy of your email to him.  Our firm
looks forward to meeting with your committee on Wednesday.  While I had
planned to attend when the interview was scheduled for last Thursday, I
cannot come this week because I am starting trial in Chicago.  I am not sure
yet who from our firm will be attending, but can assure you that we are very
interested in the case.  Whether by ourselves or jointly with Marshall
Grossman and his firm, we think this sort of lawsuit is right up our alley.
We know how to get a complex commercial dispute ready for trial, maximize
its settlement value, or try it successfully if necessary.
I'll try to give you a call Monday or Tuesday to let you know who else from
our firm will be joining Marc Seltzer, who heads our LA office, at the
interview.  You can reach me at 713-653-7827 if you wish.
By the way, there is considerable information about our firm and its lawyers
at our web site, www.susmangodfrey.com
Thanks, Howard.  I look forward to speaking with you.
The following documents, received today, have been forwarded for your immediate attention:
LAP, LLC d/b/a Comfort Suites v. NEPCO, a Delaware corporation, and Michael Renfro, an individual; No. CS-2001-02881, In the Fourteenth Judicial District Court, Tulsa County, Oklahoma.  SUMMONS and PETITION to CT Corp for NEPCO (National Energy Production Corporation) by certified mail on 5/14/01.  CT Corp first forwarded the paperwork to Redmond, WA and it was returned to them.  CT Corp then forwarded the paperwork to Becky Stephens, Enron, Houston on 5/29/01 **PLEASE NOTE THE SHORT ANSWER DATE: 20 DAYS FROM 5/14/01 
PLEASE ADVISE IF YOU DO NOT RECEIVE WITHIN 1 BUSINESS DAY.
Thank you 
Becky A. Stephens
Support Services Coordinator
Enron Litigation Unit, EB4809
713/853-5025
713/853-6576 (fax)
Becky.Stephens@
What's up?
I haven't received this agreement yet.
Steve
>> "Richard.B.Sanders@" 05/25/01 04:34AM 
By copy of this e-mail, I have asked Linda Guinn(713-853-6104) to get you a
copy of the McConville consulting agreement asap.
showard@agsk.                                                                                Steve
ALSCHULER GROSSMAN STEIN & KAHAN LLP
ATTORNEYS AT LAW
www.agsk.com 2049 Century Park East
Thirty-Ninth Floor
Los Angeles, CA 90067-3213
Tel 310-277-1226
Fax 310-552-6077
This transmission is intended only for the use
of the addressee and may contain information
that is privileged, confidential and exempt from
disclosure under applicable law. If you are not
the intended recipient, or the employee or agent
responsible for delivering the message to the
intended recipient, you are hereby notified that
any dissemination, distribution or copying of
this communication is strictly prohibited.
If you have received this communication
in error, please notify us immediately
via e-mail at postmaster@agsk.com or
by telephone at 310-277-1226. Thank you.
ALSCHULER GROSSMAN STEIN & KAHAN LLP
ATTORNEYS AT LAW
www.agsk.com
2049 Century Park East
Thirty-Ninth Floor
Los Angeles, CA 90067-3213
Tel 310-277-1226
Fax 310-552-6077
This transmission is intended only for the use
of the addressee and may contain information
that is privileged, confidential and exempt from
disclosure under applicable law. If you are not
the intended recipient, or the employee or agent
responsible for delivering the message to the
intended recipient, you are hereby notified that
any dissemination, distribution or copying of
this communication is strictly prohibited.
If you have received this communication
in error, please notify us immediately
via e-mail at postmaster@agsk.com or
by telephone at 310-277-1226. Thank you.
Is that # right? What gives?
I have settled the Ecogas/Enron/Randy Maffett lawsuit.  No need to thank me,just send me gifts.  Seriously, I talked this morning with Tom Hall and we agreed that Ecogas would pay him $53,000.  Hall has agreed to release Enron, Ecogas, Maffett and every affiliate, related party and subsidiary.  He will also release any and all patent issues. The goal is for him to move on with his life and for us to move on as well.  I have asked Doug Daniels to prepare the settlement papers reflecting such an agreement.
I am on board. If the PX comes back again, I will call their in-house attys.
Can you pass this along to Elizabeth to ensure Sanders is on board as well?  We are renewing our L/C's on a month to month basis for the PX per Sanders.  However, the request below is to "replenish" the CASH that was drawn down...please advise.
I agree with Steve's position stated in his separate e'mail.  Don't give these guys a penny.----cgy
Tracy,  Do we have concerns here.  We pointed out to the PX that there was excess credit.  By using collateral to pay these bills are we not keeping required levels available?
MO
Participant:
Pursuant  to  your  written  request  and  in  accordance  with  the Preliminary
Injunction  issued on March 5, 2001 by the Court in Enron Power Marketing, Inc.,
et  al.  v.  California  Power Exchange Corporation, USDC Case No. 01-00901, the
California Power Exchange Corporation (CalPX) applied cash collateral maintained
by Enron Power Marketing, Inc. in payment of the following invoices:
Dec RT F   $ 15,297.24
Jan RT P    $ 64,547.04
Jan RT F    $   2,255.74
Enron Power Marketing, Inc. has not restored such collateral.  Please be advised
that  the  Preliminary Injunction requires CalPX market participants to maintain
their current levels of collateral while the FERC Proceeding and the Preliminary
Injunction  are  in  effect,  and  allows CalPX to take any necessary actions to
preserve such collateral.
I am trying to set up a conf. call today at 10:30 central to speak to the Chicago attys. Andy is not involved in this case. 
Mark, fyi
Paul J is away sick but asked me to deal with this.  I have also discussed with Paul S.  Conference call planned for 2pm today with Andy Edison to discuss this (and Kemper).
Let's keep the pressure up by all means but I understand that an extension of this period is not hard to come by. 
I assume you're talking about that with Andy, Paul J. 
J. Mark Evans 
Enron Europe Legal Department 
direct tel: 44 207 783 5424 
direct fax: 44 207 783 8287 
email: mark.evans@ 
Thank you for the written advice. Obviously prospects of success assessed at "[no] more than 50%..." (ie. definitely less than 50%) is depressing, given initial expectations. We now need to maximise our bargaining power for acquisition of the smelter through the litigation which McCook have forced on us. 
We look forward to receiving the draft Defence and Counterclaim for comments/approval. We will need this fairly urgently, since the 20 day period for service expires next Monday, 17 Sept 2001 (according to my calculations - please confirm). Can you please ensure that they are sent to all the copy parties on the email (now including Houston litigation dept). Thank you.
Paul Johnson
Enron legal dept
PRIVILEGED AND CONFIDENTIAL 
All:  Attached is our follow-up memorandum regarding the merits of Enron's claim to enforce the Tolling Agreement against Longview.  Please feel free to contact either Rick or me if you have any questions.
Craig A. Woods 
Mayer, Brown & Platt 
190 S. LaSalle Street 
Chicago, IL 60603 
(312) 701-8536 ph. 
(312) 706-8697 fax 
cwoods@mayerbrown.com 
If you have received this message in error, please notify the sender immediately 
by e-mail reply and please delete this message from your computer.
Thank you. Mayer, Brown and Platt.
Is this guy a problem for us in the litigation? I can talk to the Duke attys re preserving Enron's proprietary info. 
FYI,
Please note that Sean Crandall (trader in Portland) is resigning to go to work for Duke in Salt Lake City.
He worked on Northwest cash desk.
Michelle
Michelle Cash
I haven't heard anything. Could it be that Bill was overstating his position?
I have heard nothing more  about a grand jury..have you learned anything more?
I will be there.
Kathy, can you send me the info about the meeting?  Thanks.
Kathy, Bob Williams should attend this meeting tomorrow in my absence.
I think the purpose of the meeting is to discuss the UC/CSU contract in the SDG&E service area.  Richard, I think you are included because  EES will be briefing John Lavarato later this week.  Bob, can you bring Richard up to speed on the issues?
I am scheduled to go to the Lakers game. Sorry.
Do you have plans for Wednesday evening?
I think Dave Weiner and Chanra (sp?) Sherman have talked with my partner Mark
Neubauer (whom they know and whom you met here in December) about a dinner
Wednesday night, and I know that they've been assuming that you and I would be
part of the group as well.  But it occurs to me that maybe no one talked to
you about it.
Are you interested?
ALSCHULER GROSSMAN STEIN & KAHAN LLP
ATTORNEYS AT LAW
www.agsk.com
2049 Century Park East
Thirty-Ninth Floor
Los Angeles, CA 90067-3213
Tel 310-277-1226
Fax 310-552-6077
This transmission is intended only for the use
of the addressee and may contain information
that is privileged, confidential and exempt from
disclosure under applicable law. If you are not
the intended recipient, or the employee or agent
responsible for delivering the message to the
intended recipient, you are hereby notified that
any dissemination, distribution or copying of
this communication is strictly prohibited.
If you have received this communication
in error, please notify us immediately
via e-mail at postmaster@agsk.com or
by telephone at 310-277-1226. Thank you.
Natwest, McDonald, and PaineWebber have collectively offered the
Farallon/Oaktree plaintiffs (and maybe Legg Mason, I am not sure) $13 million
to settle.  It is clear that this group hopes to persuade SDI and Enron to
contribute something to such a settlement, but they told Hennegan that they
would fund the full $13 million themselves if necessary.  Hennegan is asking
for something in the "high $20s"  I am advised that the settlement group is
prepared to go to the high teens, but it is not clear how much further.
I do not know the allocation of the $13 million among Natwest and McDonald,
except that I believe that Natwest is NOT paying the lion's share, as one
might expect.
If the bargaining proceeds, I am sure that someone will ask Enron to
contribute.
ALSCHULER GROSSMAN STEIN & KAHAN LLP
ATTORNEYS AT LAW
www.agsk.com
2049 Century Park East
Thirty-Ninth Floor
Los Angeles, CA 90067-3213
Tel 310-277-1226
Fax 310-552-6077
This transmission is intended only for the use
of the addressee and may contain information
that is privileged, confidential and exempt from
disclosure under applicable law. If you are not
the intended recipient, or the employee or agent
responsible for delivering the message to the
intended recipient, you are hereby notified that
any dissemination, distribution or copying of
this communication is strictly prohibited.
If you have received this communication
in error, please notify us immediately
via e-mail at postmaster@agsk.com or
by telephone at 310-277-1226. Thank you.
These are all the ones I am aware of.
Richard,
Please review the attached fax from Ben Ogletree, one of Natwest's lawyers,
especially the four attached agreements (which Natwest already has.)  Can I
represent to Natwest that these four agreements, along with the Oaktree
settlement agreement, constitute all settlement or cooperation agreements that
we have with any parties to any of NSM litigation?  If I can say that, the
issue of ECT Securities' deposition goes away.
Steve
ALSCHULER GROSSMAN STEIN & KAHAN LLP
ATTORNEYS AT LAW
www.agsk.com
2049 Century Park East
Thirty-Ninth Floor
Los Angeles, CA 90067-3213
Tel 310-277-1226
Fax 310-552-6077
This transmission is intended only for the use
of the addressee and may contain information
that is privileged, confidential and exempt from
disclosure under applicable law. If you are not
the intended recipient, or the employee or agent
responsible for delivering the message to the
intended recipient, you are hereby notified that
any dissemination, distribution or copying of
this communication is strictly prohibited.
If you have received this communication
in error, please notify us immediately
via e-mail at postmaster@agsk.com or
by telephone at 310-277-1226. Thank you.
- Enclosed.txt 
- ~gw110B.tif 
According to his deposition, Kevin is "exploring other opportunities."
see below
Dinner was great.
ALSCHULER GROSSMAN STEIN & KAHAN LLP
ATTORNEYS AT LAW
www.agsk.com
2049 Century Park East
Thirty-Ninth Floor
Los Angeles, CA 90067-3213
Tel 310-277-1226
Fax 310-552-6077
This transmission is intended only for the use
of the addressee and may contain information
that is privileged, confidential and exempt from
disclosure under applicable law. If you are not
the intended recipient, or the employee or agent
responsible for delivering the message to the
intended recipient, you are hereby notified that
any dissemination, distribution or copying of
this communication is strictly prohibited.
If you have received this communication
in error, please notify us immediately
via e-mail at postmaster@agsk.com or
by telephone at 310-277-1226. Thank you.
- NSM522CF.TXT 
Fergus and Gibbs.
EES has received a subpoena from the AG.  What outside counsel is advising us about these?  Fergus?  Molland?
I talked to Robin about this yesterday in relation to the class actions. I think the way we left it was that Jeff Alexander was going to look at the issue of transfering venue based on prejudice and get back to me. When do you need to make this motion?
Richard,
Do we need to consider filing a motion to transfer venue of this case on the ground of bias in the jury pool?  Do we prejudice your cases if we don't?
I am a little behind the curve--nothing new. Has this been resolved? Other than knowing what is happening, what do I need to do?
Lisa J. Mellencamp
Bennett G. Young
One Embarcadero Center, Suite 400
San Francisco, California 94111
(415) 951-1167
byoung@llgm.com
X-Server-Uuid: 2ddd99fc-ca0e-11d4-9906-00508bdcbe76
Received: by exch6 with Internet Mail Service (5.5.2448.0) id  
Attached is the Opposition of the City and County of San Francisco to the
trading motion.  They make several evidentiary objections.  To be on the
safe side, we suggest filing supplemental declarations from each of you on
the issues raised in the Opposition.  I will subsequently e-mail suggested
text to you.  Since the hearing is on Friday morning, we will need to file
these declarations by Thursday early afternoon at the latest.  Accordingly,
once you receive them, please finalize the declarations and fax them back to
me at (213) 892-4707 as soon as possible, but by no later than Noon
tomorrow.
Thank you.
- TEXT.htm 
- euc22000.PDF 
Will do. Hope you feel better.
Out of the office with 'flu. Back soon I hope. In my absence please contact Paul Simons on x36566, or John Champion on x36325.
Have we received a settlement offer? I saw Kevin Presto yesterday and he asked me about it. Lets talk today.
Andy:
To recap our conversation yesterday, here is where we stand on the Calpine
matter.
I made our settlement offer of $1 million to Tom Ganucheau by telephone on
Friday, May 18. Tom told me that his client contact was out of the office
until May 23 or 24 but that he would relay the offer as quickly as he could.
I spoke with Tom again by telephone last week and he volunteered that he was
"working on" getting me a reply.
We have had 3 minor successes in pretrial skirmishing that may make a
settlement offer more attractive at this time. First, we won our motion to
compel, which requires that Calpine produce abstracts of all its power
purchase and sale agreements in all NERC regions. They had moved for a
protective order which would limit their production to the contracts in
ERCOT. Their expanded production is due June 11. Second, we won our motion
to continue or extend the deadline to reply to Calpine's motion for summary
judgment. We filed a reply anyway out of an abundance of caution, but the
court ruled that we were entitled to additional time, partly becasue of its
ruling on expanding the scope of contract discovery outside ERCOT. Our
supplemental reply to the summary judgment motion is due June 22.  Third,
Calpine lost on its motion to compel, in which they had sought an order from
the court requiring us to produce additional information on our damage
claim. You should have a copy of our reply to Calpine's motion, in which we
detailed the evidence already produced on damages. We still need to update
some of the damage claim based on information that came out in Ed Baughman's
deposition, and Bonnie is working with Doug Gilbert-Smith on this.
Elizabeth Sager's deposition is scheduled for June 13. Jim Fallon's
deposition is scheduled for June 14. A prep session for Sager is scheduled
for June 7; a prep session for Fallon is scheduled for June 12. In addition
to the pleading and discovery deadlines noted above, we also have a pleading
amendment deadline on June 20, and an expert report deadline of June 29. We
have already met with Ron Vollmar about producing his expert report. We have
drafted an amended complaint, which we needed to do anyway since the case
was removed from state court and we were still on the state court original
petition. The amended complaint will add a specific count pleading
ambiguity/implied contract, to bolster the admissability of extrinsic
evidence, and a promissory estoppel claim in the alternative.
I will let you know as soon as I hear anything in response to our
settlement offer, and in the meantime, please don't hesitiate to call if you
have questions or comments on any of these matters.
Bill
I have sent you a check. I will take more tickets if someone drops out.
I have received an invoice from the Rockets for next season's tickets. The
total amount is $19,712.00, or $112 per seat. According to the Rockets,
there will be no increase for this season or the 2002/2003 season (but wait
until the new arena is built in 2003!). The breakdown is as follows:
Bill Gage (25%): $4928 (less $736 previously paid);
Bob Roten (25%): $4928;
Glenn Ballard (12.5%): $2464;
Pat Doherty (12.5%): $2464;
Richard Sanders (12.5%): $2464; and
Bill Eggleston (12.5%): $2464.
If you want to renew, I need your check by June 15. If you do not want to
renew, call me as soon as possible at 713/659-5100.
Sorry for the late reply. You are correct about  the policy. 
Hi Richard,
Someone made an inquiry to me regarding the policy 
It is my understanding that if email is not deleted or copied into a word document in order to avoid deletion, then it will be (or should be) destroyed automatically after the expiration of the retention period.  We have been telling our people to only move information from Outlook to Word documents if they feel that they need to retain it for more than the appropriate retention period.
Please let me know if this is consistent with the policy.
Thanks, and hope all is well with you.
Limor
Enron Global Markets
520 Madison Avenue
New York, NY 10022
Tel: 212.715.5283
Fax: 212.715.5608
E-Mail: Limor.Nissan@
Has this been set? Who is coming? What is the agenda?
What looks better for you: June 11-12 or 12-13?
I have just learned that we have been sued in a case styled Earnestine Neptune v. Charles Thompson, Enron Corp., and Enron Corp. d/b/a Houston Pipeline Company, Cause No. 2001-21283, in the 333rd District Court of Harris County, Texas.  The lawsuit was filed on May 7, 2001, and Charles Thompson (an Enron employee) was served on May 23, 2001.  This case is a car wreck negligence case in which the plaintiff is claiming back and neck injuries as a result of allegedly been hit by a vehicle driven by Charles Thompson in the course and scope of his employment for Enron/HPL.  I am going to take care of it, and give it to Eilee Kisluk because of the insurance issues involved.
Thanks
I have just learned that we have been sued in a case styled Earnestine Neptune v. Charles Thompson, Enron Corp., and Enron Corp. d/b/a Houston Pipeline Company, Cause No. 2001-21283, in the 333rd District Court of Harris County, Texas.  The lawsuit was filed on May 7, 2001, and Charles Thompson (an Enron employee) was served on May 23, 2001.  This case is a car wreck negligence case in which the plaintiff is claiming back and neck injuries as a result of allegedly been hit by a vehicle driven by Charles Thompson in the course and scope of his employment for Enron/HPL.  I am going to take care of it, and give it to Eilee Kisluk because of the insurance issues involved.
I was reading through your and others' recommendations and saw(for the first time) your dinner invitation. Sorry for the delay. I need to take a rain check. Life is really hectic right now. As you will note from the time, I am here early just to clean out my e-mails--what has technology done to us. I am in CA once a week. Yesterday, my 5 year old called me at the office at  7am and asked me why I was never there when he woke up. So much for my cushy in-house job. Anyway, a night away is too hard to find right now. What about lunch? Thurs or Fri of next week?
Richard,
I know two top flight trial lawyers in New York:
Greg Joseph
Fried, Frank, Harris, Shriver, & Jacobson
One New York Plaza
New York, New York 10004
212-859-8584
josepgr@ffhsj.com
Norm Kleinberg
Hughes Hubbard & Reed LLP
One Battery Park Plaza
NY  10004
212-837-6680
kleinber@hugheshubbard.com
In addition, VE has a lateral partner whom I have not met:
James Serota
VE
NY
917-206-8004
jserota@velaw.com
Jamie's bio says that his area of practice is antitrust and business
litigation,particularly concentrated on industries
that are evolving fromregulation to competition, including electric
utilities.  It says he chaired the Fuel and Energy Industry Committee of the
ABA Antitrust Section from 94-97.
When are you in town, so we can have dinner?
Ron
I anticipate that Enron may have some legal issues in New York similar to
the issues Enron has faced in California.  Can you recommend a top notch
trial lawyer (similar to yourself) at any firms in New York?
Thanks.
++++++ I worked with a guy named Richard Mescon of Morgan Lewis several years ago
against HL&P and Enron.  He was top notch.  Call me for more details if
needed.
I anticipate that Enron may have some legal issues in New York similar to
the issues Enron has faced in California.  Can you recommend a top notch
trial lawyer (similar to yourself) at any firms in New York?
Thanks
++++++ frank barron, cravath  212-474-1506
will do some more checking and get back
>>  I anticipate that Enron may have some legal issues in New York similar to
the issues Enron has faced in California.  Can you recommend a top notch
trial lawyer (similar to yourself) at any firms in New York?
Thanks.
it's tough because for a huge city with lots of lawyers there really aren't many business trial lawyers there.  its not like texas or california.
we know david boies well and have done a number of things with him.  he might be interested because there is so much at stake and it is so high profile.  of course, tho, he is stretched way way too thin and doesn't really have that much depth in his firm.  we could pitch it to him that we'll provide the back up, if you want.
another idea is david foster at willkie farr.  widely regarded in the city as one of the best trial lawyers. confidentially, we will be opening a nyc office by sept, and are negotiating with foster about his joining us.  i could put you in touch with some general counsel who think very highly of him.  again, we could provide coordination and back up if you like.  of course there would be value in maintaining consistency of positions in new york and california, less learning curve, etc.  i am a member of the new york bar as are about 8 of our partners.
>>  I anticipate that Enron may have some legal issues in New York similar to
the issues Enron has faced in California.  Can you recommend a top notch
trial lawyer (similar to yourself) at any firms in New York?
Thanks.
Did you switch this?
I have scheduled an all day meeting with Greg and Chris, in New York, on Friday, September 21, 2001. At this meeting wwe will discuss the trial plan and, in effect, have a dry run of what we might expect to occur during the October 11 trial.  Please let me know if you are available to attend. I have also asked that, by the end of this week, Brobeck provide us with a summary of the best arguments for and against both sides and an analysis of the realistic exposure to both sides. We can review this before the meeting on the 21st. 
Also, the two motions for summary judgment we filed are set to be heard on October 1, 2001. The outcome of this hearing (assuming the judge makes a ruling) could certainly affect the tone and scope of the case. Please let me know if you are available on the 21st.  Thanks. 
Forget Boies and Weiss
Susman Godfrey, which practices everywhere, even in the Bronx?
If not those guys, how about:
1.  Boies & Schiller (but not Andy Hayes)
2.  Mel Weiss of Milberg Weiss
3.  Jamie Stecher-- a good friend of mine and great lawyer who left Paul
Weiss years ago and has a small litigation boutique
I anticipate that Enron may have some legal issues in New York similar to
the issues Enron has faced in California.  Can you recommend a top notch
trial lawyer (similar to yourself) at any firms in New York?
Sure.  Bob Joffe at Cravath.  Greg Joseph (used to be at Fried Frank, now on
his own).  Bernie Nussbaum at Wachtell Lipton.  Gary Naftalis at Kramer
Levin.
I anticipate that Enron may have some legal issues in New York similar to
the issues Enron has faced in California.  Can you recommend a top notch
trial lawyer (similar to yourself) at any firms in New York?
Thanks.
++++++ Richard,
I know two top flight trial lawyers in New York:
Greg Joseph
Fried, Frank, Harris, Shriver, & Jacobson
One New York Plaza
New York, New York 10004
212-859-8584
josepgr@ffhsj.com
Norm Kleinberg
Hughes Hubbard & Reed LLP
One Battery Park Plaza
NY  10004
212-837-6680
kleinber@hugheshubbard.com
In addition, VE has a lateral partner whom I have not met:
James Serota
VE
NY
917-206-8004
jserota@velaw.com
Jamie's bio says that his area of practice is antitrust and business
litigation,particularly concentrated on industries
that are evolving fromregulation to competition, including electric
utilities.  It says he chaired the Fuel and Energy Industry Committee of the
ABA Antitrust Section from 94-97.
When are you in town, so we can have dinner?
Ron
I anticipate that Enron may have some legal issues in New York similar to
the issues Enron has faced in California.  Can you recommend a top notch
trial lawyer (similar to yourself) at any firms in New York?
Thanks.
++++++ Anything more on this?
FYI.
this came in today pm. No spillage as such. I will forward 2 other related emails. tks 
Just a short note to you all advising that the vessel MT Brage Pacific ( Enron charter - from Ventspils to Rotterdam) carrying Gasoil grounded today.
The telex message below is self explanatory but please advise if you require any further information at this stage.
I will keep you all informed when further details are received.
Thanks and  
Andre
Telephone No + 44 20 7783 5429
Fax No	              + 44 20 7783 8062	
London Telex
29/05/2001 13:20
MSG NO. XTA 6609 01/05/29 12:50 
922465 ENRON G
8813609 LONMAR G
FROM :  BRAEMAR
DATE :  29/05/2001
TIME :  13:28:48
REF  :  NH4511797
ATTENTION MAARIT
URGENT     URGENT
FOLLOWING RECD FROM OWNERS
REF: M/T BRAGE PACIFIC/ENRON C/P DD 23.MAY
2001                       16,059.900 MT  GASOIL VENTSPILS/ROTTERDAM
FOR ORDERS
WE REGRET TO ADVISE THAT VESSEL GROUNDED AT SAMSOE BELT IN POSITION
N 55 DEG 53,9 MIN, E 10 DEG 56,5 AT 11:45 HRS TODAY.
WE HAVE INFORMED NORWEGIAN AND DANISH AUTHORITIES.  THERE IS NO
SPILL FROM THE VESSEL AND SHE IS NOT TAKING WATER.
THE BOTTOM WHERE SHE GROUNDED IS OF SAND/MUD, AND WE WILL TRY TO
GET HER AFLOAT AGAIN AT HIGH WATER, 19:27 HRS TONIGHT.
WE HAVE CONTACTED TUG COMPANIES AND EXPECT A TUG TO ARRIVE THIS
EVENING.  THE WIND/SEA IS CALM IN THE AREA.
WE MAY HAVE TO TRANSFER SOME OF THE CARGO TO ANOTHER VESSEL
IN ORDER TO GET BRAGE PACIFIC AFLOAT, BUT THIS WILL ONLY BE KNOWN
TONIGHT.
WE WILL REVERT WITH MORE INFORMATION TOMORROW AM.
,
SEATRANS ERMEFER TANKERS, BERGEN/NORWAY
GUNNAR SOLBERG
N. HARDAKER
BRAEMAR MARITIME LTD
AS BROKERS ONLY
NNNN
8813609 LONMAR G
922465 ENRON G
FYI
Per your request for an update:
1.  ECT sent its insurance claim letter out to Underwriters' adjusters in this matter last week.  No reply has yet been received.  We will monitor.
2.  Mitsubishi has not pushed its demurrage claim of about $260,000.  Our solicitor, David Best, has had confirmed by our barrister that our time-bar defense against the demurrage claim is strong.
3.  We are paying joint testing invoices 100% and submitting them for 50 % reimbursement to Mitsubishi.  So far, despite its agreement to do so, Mitsubishi has not reimbursed us at all.  We suspect that if we push this, Mitsubishi will start threatening to start up with the demurrage claim again.  At least until we find out what Underwriters' position will be, we do not suggest pushing Mitsubishi on this.
I will keep you advised.
Britt
Thanks.
Per your request for an update:
1.  ECT sent its insurance claim letter out to Underwriters' adjusters in this matter last week.  No reply has yet been received.  We will monitor.
2.  Mitsubishi has not pushed its demurrage claim of about $260,000.  Our solicitor, David Best, has had confirmed by our barrister that our time-bar defense against the demurrage claim is strong.
3.  We are paying joint testing invoices 100% and submitting them for 50 % reimbursement to Mitsubishi.  So far, despite its agreement to do so, Mitsubishi has not reimbursed us at all.  We suspect that if we push this, Mitsubishi will start threatening to start up with the demurrage claim again.  At least until we find out what Underwriters' position will be, we do not suggest pushing Mitsubishi on this.
I will keep you advised.
Britt
Delaware is fine.
Richard -
I have a company with whom we are negotiating a non-disclosure agreement.  We have been working off of their form, but have inserted our arbitration language.  We have put in New York as the operative law and they have responded with either Minnesota (their home jurisdiction) or Delaware (the state of their incorporation).  I have told them that Minnesota will not work and that we prefer NY, but they are holding the line on having Delaware.
Do we have a problem with Delaware for jurisdiction?  Also, this is a non-disclosure agreement and any subsequent  agreement would have to be negotiated as to forum.
Thanks for your response.
Mark
Senior Counsel, EWS
Phone:     713-345-8897
Facsimile: 713-646-3490
E-Mail:      Mark.Greenberg@
We made it but the house next door and the house catty-corner to us both flooded.
Steve:  Did Hennigan give you any timetable for getting back to you on settlement?  We will need to follow up quickly.
Richard:  Hope you escaped from the storm relatively unscathed.  It sounds like Tuesday was a drizzle compared to what Houston experienced yesterday.
>>  See below.  Farallon has moved for summary judgment against Natwest, McDonald,
and PaineWebber.  If the motion is credible, it should ratchet up the pressure
on those three defendants to settle.  Assuming that we don't want to be the
only defendant at trial (or one of two, SDI being the other), we need to
follow the settlement negotiations as closely as we can and try to get in
(while appearing uninterested), or make a separate deal, at the last minute.
The key to getting current information on settlement efforts by the other
defendants is Mike Diamond.  Because Mike still wants Richard's business, and
Mike and I are close, Mike is likely to be pretty forthcoming if Richard or I
ask him what is going on.
Steve
ALSCHULER GROSSMAN STEIN & KAHAN LLP
ATTORNEYS AT LAW
www.agsk.com
2049 Century Park East
Thirty-Ninth Floor
Los Angeles, CA 90067-3213
Tel 310-277-1226
Fax 310-552-6077
This transmission is intended only for the use
of the addressee and may contain information
that is privileged, confidential and exempt from
disclosure under applicable law. If you are not
the intended recipient, or the employee or agent
responsible for delivering the message to the
intended recipient, you are hereby notified that
any dissemination, distribution or copying of
this communication is strictly prohibited.
If you have received this communication
in error, please notify us immediately
via e-mail at postmaster@agsk.com or
by telephone at 310-277-1226. Thank you.
We made it but the house next door and the house catty-corner did not. I called Zisman this morning and was told that his houe was flooded. Yes I need tickets-- 4 tickets for either Fri, Sat or Sun the 22nd, 23rd, or 24th.
A couple of things:
(1)  I hope you are dry
(2)  Rebecca McDonald's prep session is supposed to be at 10 a.m. today.  In the event no postponement of her depo was agreed to, Robert Rivera is planning to be at McDonald's office at 10 a.m.  I don't know if Mark Lowes will be there or not.  I told McDonald's assistant that it was up to her whether to have Mark there or not.  By the way, please let me know by e-mail what is up with the settlement talks.
(3)  Do you still need Red Sox tickets?  If so, let me know.  Cliff and I worked quite a bit with a firm up in Boston (Hill & Barlow) and I am sure I could have them find tickets for you.
Later.
Can you make sure that this goes to El Paso. I assume that we dont need to do anything else The following documents, received today, have been forwarded for your immediate attention:
Roger Atkinson v. Cogen Technologies Linden Venture, L.P., Cogen Technologies, Tosco Corporation and Alplaus Power Engineering; No. L-1536-01, In the Superior Court of New Jersey, Union County.  NOTICE OF MOTION TO CONSOLIDATE AND TO COMPEL INSPECTION, AFFIDAVIT OF RONALD B. GRAYZE W/EXHIBIT A and PROPOSED ORDER to CT Corp for Cogen Technologies Linden Venture, LP by certified mail on 6/4/01.
PLEASE ADVISE IF YOU DO NOT RECEIVE WITHIN 1 BUSINESS DAY.
Thank you 
Becky A. Stephens
Support Services Coordinator
Enron Litigation Unit, EB4809
713/853-5025
713/853-6576 (fax)
Becky.Stephens@
In the short term(one week), we need to lean on him. In the longer term, he is out.
This is, typical of Michael's written product, not very good.  I think we need to get briefing help from some other quarter fast.
Bob and Mike: Here is a first draft of a memo in support of the protective
order we propose to govern the production of documents to the AG.
- 3@X5H01!.DOC  
Disregard my previous messageabout this case. Thanks for your assistance in this matter.
This morning I received a copy of service of process that was served on Cogen Technologies Linden Venture in the Roger Atkinson matter.  Cogen Technologies Linden Venture had previously been served with a summons and complaint in the Atkinson matter in mid April.  I forwarded the matter to El Paso Energy Company, who had purchased ENA's interest in the Cogen companies effective late February 2001.  El Paso retained Ed Fanning of McCarter & English to represent Cogen's interests.  We have worked with Ed in other Cogen matters before, and I have found him to be both effective and efficient.  This matter relates to personal injuries allegedly suffered by Atkinson while working at a construction site at the Linden facility in December 2000.  David Waterson of El Paso recently called me concerning potential defense and indemnity obligations that El Paso believes NEPCO may owe Cogen with respect to this incident.  We will need to review NEPCO's contract with Cogen to determine if any such obligations exist.
The document that I received today is a Notice of Motion to Consolidate and to Compel Inspection.  This motion seeks to consolidate the Atkinson v. Cogen case with a case that was apparently also filed in New Jersey state court as Roger Atkinson v. JEDI Linden and NEPCO and to compel an inspection of the construction site where the accident allegedly occurred.  I have asked Becky Stephens whether we have received service of process on either JEDI Linden or NEPCO.  To date, we have not.  However, I expect that service of process is in the works, and I have asked Becky to be on the look out for it.  As this new suit also apparently concerns personal injury claims, I am forwarding a copy to both Rob and Bob, so that you can begin to process and investigate the claim in your usual manner.=20
Please let me know if there is any other information you need in order to begin our review for potential defense/indemnity to Cogen.  Thanks. =20
Bonnie J. White
Enron Litigation Unit
1400 Smith Street, Suite 4824
Houston, TX  77002
Ph:  713-853-7244
Fax: 713-853-6576
bonnie.white@
Set up for Wed
Richrd - I'd like to stop by in the next few days for a quick update me on the CA litigation - I've been away on vacation and hear there have been a few recent developments.  Thanks
Yes-- but lets wait until you and I can talk live.
Let's talk.  Can we shift some more of the cost to ETS 
Great!  Now, what have you done for me lately?  The ETS entities are apparently still in this case and I'm feeling lonely already now that ENA is bugging out.  Where is our deal with Boies to get Quinn in and us out?  Thanks for the help on this Andy.  DF
I will keep you updated.
Andy
I don't know any of them, although I am familiar with Vinson & Elkins--they are an excellent firm.
We have been given a new list of potential arbitrators.  Please take a minute and let me know if any of these represent us, and the general level of representation.  Thank you again for your help.  If you want to leave me a voicemail, my telephone number is (713) 646-6412.
1.  William Frank Carroll--Donohoe, Jameson & Carroll
2.  James E. Coleman Jr.--Carrington, Coleman, Sloman & Blumenthal
3.  Randall Duke--Johnson & McElroy
4.  Edward Fiorito--Consultant
5.  Eric F. Hale, Jr.--formerly with Carrington, Coleman; now self-employed
6.  Herbert J. Hammond--Thompson & Knight
7.  Orrin Harrison--V&E
8.  Brian J. Hurst--Baker & McKenzie
9.  C. Michael Moore--Locke Liddell
10.  Robert C. Prather, Sr.--Jordan, Dunlap, Prather & Harris, L.L.P.
No need to respond as to V&E or Locke Liddell, except as to information about the individuals.  Steve et al.,  Baker & McKenzie does represent Enron on several matters of which I am aware, but to my knowledge it is not one of our top 10 firms in billings 
Please include on our database
After conferring with Rob Cole, I will make my recommendation to Mr. Derrick today as to local counsel so that we may get a responsive pleading on file in a timely fashion. Thereafter, Rob and I will coordinate the defense with local counsel and report in the usual fashion.
You will have received notice of service of process in the above-referenced case today.  This is a slip and fall case filed against San Juan Gas.  The Risk Management group already has a file on this matter, as the plaintiff had previously filed a demand.  Upon investigation, Risk Management determined that the plaintiff's alleged accident occurred at a facility that is NOT owned by San Juan Gas, and, thus, denied the claim.  The matter will be handled as a Risk Management matter, and Dave Grant will manage the activities of outside counsel.  If you need any further information on this matter, please contact Dave. 
Thanks 
Bonnie J. White
Enron Litigation Unit
1400 Smith Street, Suite 4824
Houston, TX  77002
Ph:  713-853-7244
Fax: 713-853-6576
bonnie.white@
FYI
Thanks
Gary
FYI
Thanks
Gary
FYI
Thanks
Gary
FYI
Thanks
Gary
The purpose of this message is to update employees on the
status of the California Attorney General's order regarding the
preservation
of business information.  Please NOTE THE IMPORTANT POLICIES DESCRIBED
BELOW.
We have negotiated procedures with the
California Attorney General's office allowing each of you to manage your
email and hard drive capacity while still preserving business information.
Starting today, please implement the
following business information retention policies:
(1) PERSONAL EMAIL: can be kept, discarded,
etc. at will.
(2) BUSINESS EMAIL: do not delete any
business email sent or received for 24 hours.  This 24 hour delay will
allow
the network to save a backup copy of the email.  After 24 hours, BUSINESS
EMAIL may be kept, discarded, etc. at will.
(3) WORD PROCESSING FILES OR FILE FRAGMENTS:
do not delete any SAVED FILE or any FILE FRAGMENT.  This policy covers any
FILE or FILE FRAGMENT that you have saved on your hard disk or the network.
(4) DATABASES: do not delete any information
in DATABASES.
(5) EXCEL SPREADSHEETS: do not delete any
information in EXCEL SPREADSHEETS.
(6) CALENDARS OR SCHEDULING PROGRAMS: do not
delete any information.
(7) OTHER ELECTRONIC DATA: do not delete any
OTHER ELECTRONIC DATA.
(8) HARD DRIVE CAPACITY: in the event that
you run out of disk space on your personal computer, you may copy files to
the network (where they will be backed up), then delete the files from your
personal computer to create the work space you need.  DO NOT DELETE ANY
FILE
BEFORE YOU HAVE COPIED IT TO THE NETWORK.
In our negotiations we have discovered no
reason to believe that Enron has been singled out for investigation by the
Attorney General.  We will update you as we learn more.
Please respond promptly to this notice via
email an e-mail to me.  Your email should state that you understand and
intend to comply
with the important business information retention policies stated above.
Thanks for your help in this matter.
Tim Belden
FYI
Thanks
Gary
FYI
Thanks
Gary
IMPORTANT EPMI POLICY REGARDING HARD COPY DOCUMENTS
WHILE LITIGATION IS PENDING
This policy is in addition to my prior email about the procedure for
handling email and electronic documents.  While most of what we do is
contained within Enron's electronic systems, there still are times when
hard
copies are made or needed for running our business.  Here is how you must
handle those hard copy documents:
1.   The basic rule is that if you have hard copies of documents that are
used in EPMI's business of selling energy in the WSCC, you must keep those
documents until further notice.  If space becomes a problem, please contact
Debra Davidson who can arrange for storage.
2.   What constitutes a document?  In some instances you will have one
copy of a document that has your handwritten notes on it, and another copy
that may be clean.  For these purposes both are considered documents and
both must be saved.  Similarly, if several people have copies of the same
document, each separate copy is considered a separate document.  On the
other hand, if you made 10 copies for a meeting and there were 4 left over
that were never handed out or were not used, those may be recycled so long
as you keep the ones that were used.   If you keep handwritten notes for
your work, those would be considered documents as well.  Telephone notes,
charts, printouts of data, spreadsheets etc. all constitute documents.   If
you have a question about what constitutes a document and whether it should
be saved, please ask Christian Yoder and Steve Hall.
3.   The goal and purpose of this policy is to make sure that no hard
copies of documents are discarded that are relevant to the wholesale
electricity market litigation.  If hard copy documents are discarded, at a
later point in time EPMI and/or its employees will be criticized for
failing
to preserve documents relevant to the wholesale electricity litigation.
4.   Personal documents such as shopping lists, personal messages from
friends unrelated to the energy business etc. are not covered by this
policy
and you may do with them as you wish.
FYI
Thanks
Gary
Please include in my directory.
Richard,
So that you have it, I'm sending all of my contact information to you.
Given the timetable, feel free to use my cell or home numbers.
Zackary Starbird
Managing Attorney, Litigation
Mirant Americas, Inc.
1155 Perimeter Center West
Atlanta, Georgia  30338-5416
zack.starbird@mirant.com
Ofc:  678-579-5638
Fax:  678-579-5850
Cell: 678-576-6643
- scanned_.pdf 
Attached is revised letter with changes from this morning.
just received from Duke - lets get together at 3:45 in my office to discuss.
Brian
Brian
Please review and comment.
Thanks
Kevin
(See attached file: Counteroffer.doc)
- Counteroffer.doc 
Not yet
I manage all the litigation for EWS.
Richard:
Could you please provide one to two lines of information outlining your current responsibilities.  We will be using this information in the VP & MD PRC meeting.  I need this information before Monday, June 18th.
Thanks!
Kathy Mosley
Human Resources Manager
Office:   (713) 345-7803 
Cell:      (713) 819-6766
Sky Tell Pager: (877) 547-6065
Location:  EB 3659A
None other than the GE case against Power Systems.
As Stuart's email below indicates, we are trying to confirm whether there is any litigation related to the project below.
Just a friendly reminder that you were going to double check with Richard Sanders regarding any "Actions" that relate to New Albany Power I, L.L.C. or the New Albany facility.
Stuart
Have fun. Please tell me it is some place exotic---like Long Beach?
i leave on vacation for 2 weeks this Sunday.  i stay in close touch with the office and can fed exp every day--if you call, i'll get back to you.  shon morgan will be doing a first draft of our reply brief in the ninth circuit.
Yes, our PR Dept has this service.Thanks.
Our local legal newspaper, The Daily Journal, reported in Thursday's edition
that the AG will ask a Sacramento Grand Jury to investigate whether "the
California market was manipulated and profits taken illegally, and whether there
was fraud against the public".  The story reports that the investigation "will
begin shortly after July 1" which is consistent with out recent intelligence.
My guess is you have already seen this basic story because the Journal picked it
off the AP wire service.
Do you already have some clipping service keeping track of all the stories being
published out here?  I've assumed you are doing this already, but if not and you
want to do that, let us know.
This communication may contain information that is legally privileged,
confidential or exempt from disclosure.  If you are not the intended
recipient, please note that any dissemination, distribution, or copying
of this communication is strictly prohibited.  Anyone who receives this
message in error should notify the sender immediately by telephone or
by return e-mail and delete it from his or her computer.
For more information about Arnold & Porter, click here:
I dont know what this is, so I won't erase it and will leave for you to handle.
In order to help expedite the setup of your Public Folder,  please complete an eRequest.  If you have questions regarding public folders, please contact Debra Kelly at extension 3-4269.=20
=20
1. Open up <  and choose Corp Logon and log in with your regular network credentials.
2. Click the triangle for Update Account Access.
3. Type the email address of the person who the request is for and click OK.
4. Click the Applications circle button.
5. In the text search box, type in "Outlook" and click Search.
6. Click the Add button next to Outlook.
7. Check the Public Folder check box and click Add to Request
8. Enter the required information and click Continue. The information we MUST have for each Public Folder request is:
?=09Exact name of the Public Folder (if it is a person's name, it can be in the form of first and last name or first initial last name, like Joe User or JUser)=20
?=09Exact location of the folder such as Global Functions/IT/Messaging/JUser [For users on the 38th floor the folder should be located under: All Public Folders; Corporate; Legal; ENA Legal.]
?=09Who needs access to this folder (it can be limited just to one person or several people can have access)
9. Verify the request information and click Submit.
Did you talk to Elizabeth Labanowski(sp?) re the grand Jury being convened to look at Enron's political contribution?
This also
Forgot to include my home number:  678-277-8865.
EES wants to terminate energy contracts(futures cintracts) with two bankrupt entities. Can you let Bob Williams know if you have any comments/suggestions to his letter?
Pending Mark Haedicke's okay, here are my suggested termination notices to Unisil and Tri-Valley Growers:
UNISIL:
[Date}
[Jason to provide attorney name]
Re:  Power Sales Agreement between UniSil Corporation and Enron Energy Marketing Corp                          successor by merger to PG&E Energy Services Corp.("EEMC"), originally entered into
between EEMC and UniSil Corp. as of December 5, 1997, and subsequently assigned 
to UniSil Acquisition Corp. (the "Agreement")
Dear ___________:
Pursuant to Section 3.3.2 of the Agreeement and Section 556 of the Bankruptcy Code, EEMC hereby terminates 
the Agreement, effective immediately.
Very truly yours 
Marcus?
TRI VALLEY GROWERS:
[Date]
[Marcus--who is Tri Valley Growers' bankruptcy counsel?]
Re:  Retail Power Sales Contract between Tri Valley Growers and Enron Energy Marketing Corp., successor 
by merger to PG&E Energy Services Corp. ("EEMC"), entered into as of August 28, 1998 (the "Contract")
[Same as UniSil except Contract not Agreement]
I sent this to Hodge and Sager for their comments.
Pending Mark Haedicke's okay, here are my suggested termination notices to Unisil and Tri-Valley Growers:
UNISIL:
[Date}
[Jason to provide attorney name]
Re:  Power Sales Agreement between UniSil Corporation and Enron Energy Marketing Corp                          successor by merger to PG&E Energy Services Corp.("EEMC"), originally entered into
between EEMC and UniSil Corp. as of December 5, 1997, and subsequently assigned 
to UniSil Acquisition Corp. (the "Agreement")
Dear ___________:
Pursuant to Section 3.3.2 of the Agreeement and Section 556 of the Bankruptcy Code, EEMC hereby terminates 
the Agreement, effective immediately.
Very truly yours 
Marcus?
TRI VALLEY GROWERS:
[Date]
[Marcus--who is Tri Valley Growers' bankruptcy counsel?]
Re:  Retail Power Sales Contract between Tri Valley Growers and Enron Energy Marketing Corp., successor 
by merger to PG&E Energy Services Corp. ("EEMC"), entered into as of August 28, 1998 (the "Contract")
[Same as UniSil except Contract not Agreement]
I can't open this.
- 1299113.01 
I can't open this
- 1299113.01  
Chris Boehler is the lawyer at A&K who handled the IDB Lease (the one that I gave you a copy of the other day).  Bill Neese is the lawyer for the IDB who worked across the table from Chris.  You might want to get Bill's number from Chris Boehler (Chris' direct lines is 713-220-4421) and give him a call.  I am sure that Bill is worried about who is covering his legal fees.  If memory serves me, the Lease calls for the IDB to be fully indemnified by the lessee (Gleason Power I, L.L.C.).  Please call if you need any further information.
Stuart
FYI
Chris,
As you know, we have all been sued over the alleged vibrations at the
above plant by the Chamberlins.  Who will be handling this for Enron?  I
will contact Allegahny so we can coordinate the defense.
Please review and call me at your earliest convenience.
Bill
please RSVP no. I will be in Boston
Please click on the link below for the invitation to the museum. =20
The atty is Charna Sherman at Hahn Looser in Cleveland. By copy of this e-mail, I have asked Linda Guinn to take the lead in getting you this information.Linda-- I need to also find the Plaintiff interrogatory response in the CA NSM case to send to Bonnie. I sent the Int. to Dick Lydecker recently.
The following e-mail from Rob Cole relates to the NSM case that was filed in Ohio.  We need to provide him the name of our Ohio counsel, any engagement agreement with counsel, any invoices you have received to date on this matter, and copies of our answer and any other pleadings that have been filed.  We also need to ask outside counsel to provide a preliminary exposure evaluation.  Please let me know with whom I should work to gather this information.  Also, please send me a copy of the interrogatory response in the California case that you mentioned to me in the last week or so, so that we can revisit coverage on that matter.  Thanks.
Bonnie J. White
Enron Litigation Unit
1400 Smith Street, Suite 4824
Houston, TX  77002
Ph:  713-853-7244
Fax: 713-853-6576
bonnie.white@
Bonnie, Jim Studdert has assigned me the lawsuit of John W. Schultes v. McDonald Investments, etal., wherein ENA and ECT Thailand are named defendants.
I have reviewed the lawsuit and have determined there is an obligation to defend this entire matter given the allegations associated with "Personal injury", which means injury, other than "bodily injury", arising out of oral or written publication of material that slanders or libels a person or organization or disparages a person's or organization's goods, products or services, and/or oral or written publication of material that violates a person's right of privacy.
A review of the Complaint indicates there are allegations associated with Defamation Per Se, Defamation Per Quod, and Invasion of Privacy.  All of the other allegations are predicated on "intentional" conduct/activity, which would not constitute an "occurrence" which has resulted in "bodily injury" or "property damage".  Thus, while we will defend the entire lawsuit, we will only contribute to a settlement or respond to an award for damages associated with the aforementioned counts, assuming such were not made with knowledge of their falsity.
I note suit was filed on February 22, 2001.  As such, please immediately provide me with the following for our file:
*	The identity of defense counsel and a copy of the Engagement Agreement which was provided to them (please include copies of all required monthly billing statements which they have submitted thus far so we can consider reimbursement to the operating company from the date we were first given notice of this matter).
*	Provide a copy of the Answer and any other pleadings filed to-date.
*	Have defense counsel provide their analysis of our alleged exposure, if not done already.
*     Advise who is the assigned ELU Legal Assistant assigned to this matter so we can advise them to copy us on all correspondence going forward.
Following receipt of the above, it may be a good idea to meet and discuss this matter.  Let me know if you have any questions.  Thanks,
Rob Cole, Manager-Claims
ENA - Global Risk Markets
P.O. Box 1188 (77251-1188)
1400 Smith Street, EB2136F
Houston, Texas  77002
713-853-7739 (telephone)
713-646-2341 (facsimile)
Rob.Cole@ (email)
Tracy-- can you look at this and give me a call-35587. I dont understand what it means to us.
As promised, here is my outline of a proposed methodology for allocating the
losses arising from the payments not made to CalPX by SCE and PGE:
1) All participants should be returned to the position they were in before
CalPX issued invoices based on the 90 day charge back provisions in the
tariff.  This will implement the rescission of the 90 day charge back
methodology ordered by FERC.
2) The losses arising from payments not made by a particular buyer for power
purchased during a particular period will be shared pro rata among the
sellers that sold electricity during that period based on the amounts the
sellers are owed for that particular period.
3) The CalPX will not apply any charge back or default allocation to
payments and losses applicable to the real time market for which the CalPX
acts as Scheduling Coordinator.  Instead, CalPX will collect the payments,
if any, and pass them on to the ISO, subject to whatever administrative
charges CalPX is authorized to deduct by the CalPX or ISO tariffs.  Only the
ISO tariff will apply to allocate the losses from payments not made for
power sold and purchased on the real time market.
4) Any payments presently held or hereafter collected and expressly
designated for a particular period and buyer will be applied to the period
and buyer for which such payments are designated.  Any payments presently
held or hereafter collected that are not designated for a particular period
will be applied to the oldest missed payments by the buyer that subsequently
made the payment or on account of which the payment was subsequently
collected.
As I have maintained, this methodolgy may not be perfect for everyone, but,
assuming that it works, it has the appeal of being both simple and
principled.  The CalPX has indicated that it will provide us with feedback
on our approach, but will not formally endorse any particular methodology
because of its concern that it must remain neutral and not appear to support
any group of participants against any other group of participants.
As I have also maintained, until a simple and principled methodology is
adopted, it will be difficult to make any progress with the return of the
letters of credit and the distribution of the funds in the custodial and
escrow accounts.
I believe we should agree upon a workable methodology and then file a motion
with the bankruptcy court on notice to all participants to have the CalPX
authorized and directed to adopt and implement the methodology.  The
participants can then take the order to Judge Moreno to release the letters
of credit and escrowed funds and to FERC to have it formally amend the
tariffs to incorporate the methodology.
Please review the methodology outlined above with your clients so that we
can discuss it in detail during our next conference call.
Thanks.
* This is something interesting to put in your back pocket.
I recommend reading CAISO's response.  This letter was reported in last week's trade press.
I am told that BPA does not consider this letter confidential even though it is labeled as such by CAISO.
Many of the  CAISO "backpedal" statements made re: claims of strategic bidding would apply equally to other importers.
Alan Comnes
mtouhey@velaw.com
Richard, you may already have this or know about it, but there is a report done
by Cornerstone Research entitled "Pricing in the California Power Exchage
Electricity Market" located online at www.cornerstone.com/pdfs/blueribbon.pdf.
Do you have Mark Touhy's e-mail address?
For more information about Arnold & Porter, click here:
I can't make it but I would like to catch up on the discussion later.  There will be a meeting with our outside counsel, Doak Bishop and Will Russell Tuesday at 4:00pm in 20C3 of 3AC to discuss the legal issues associated with SECLP plant and the CDE.   You are both invited to attend if it is convenient, otherwise we can brief you later in the week.
,
Michelle 
I'm screwed for the forseeable future(some of which is vacation) I'll call you.
Lunch would be great. I will be out of town Thur and Fri of next week. Are
there any other good days?  I would like to hear what's really happening in
Calif.
++++++  I am sure I filed it.You can't give up on this. Either we have it or Gary Grote has it.
I talked to Claudia about this and she says that she has not seen it since we found it some two months ago and gave you the only executed copy we could find.  We checked with the vault to see if they had a copy.  They do not.  I searched your green files and miscellaneous papers in your office -- all to no avail.  Can you remember what you did with the copy I gave you?
Linda Guinn
What's up?
I haven't received this agreement yet.
Steve
>> "Richard.B.Sanders@" 05/25/01 04:34AM 
By copy of this e-mail, I have asked Linda Guinn(713-853-6104) to get you a
copy of the McConville consulting agreement asap.
showard@agsk.                                                                                Steve
ALSCHULER GROSSMAN STEIN & KAHAN LLP
ATTORNEYS AT LAW
www.agsk.com 2049 Century Park East
Thirty-Ninth Floor
Los Angeles, CA 90067-3213
Tel 310-277-1226
Fax 310-552-6077
This transmission is intended only for the use
of the addressee and may contain information
that is privileged, confidential and exempt from
disclosure under applicable law. If you are not
the intended recipient, or the employee or agent
responsible for delivering the message to the
intended recipient, you are hereby notified that
any dissemination, distribution or copying of
this communication is strictly prohibited.
If you have received this communication
in error, please notify us immediately
via e-mail at postmaster@agsk.com or
by telephone at 310-277-1226. Thank you.
ALSCHULER GROSSMAN STEIN & KAHAN LLP
ATTORNEYS AT LAW
www.agsk.com
2049 Century Park East
Thirty-Ninth Floor
Los Angeles, CA 90067-3213
Tel 310-277-1226
Fax 310-552-6077
This transmission is intended only for the use
of the addressee and may contain information
that is privileged, confidential and exempt from
disclosure under applicable law. If you are not
the intended recipient, or the employee or agent
responsible for delivering the message to the
intended recipient, you are hereby notified that
any dissemination, distribution or copying of
this communication is strictly prohibited.
If you have received this communication
in error, please notify us immediately
via e-mail at postmaster@agsk.com or
by telephone at 310-277-1226. Thank you.
A belated thanks for sending this.
PRIVILEGED AND  Mark:
I assume that you and Richard are very familiar with the day-to-day developments in the heavily publicized FERC case involving the investigation by FERC of El Paso's sale of pipeline capacity into the CA market to its merchant arm last year that CA officials have partly blamed for the spike in gas and power prices.  As you know, this is the case where the highest executives of El Paso recently were called to testify at FERC.
An article in this morning's New York Times (which begins on page 1), in discussing El Paso's significant earnings generated by the El Paso merchant arm from the pipeline capacity purchase, says that the parties with which El Paso hedged its position also made sizeable profits.  The article notes that about half of El Paso's trades were with Enron "according to people present at the briefings El Paso officials have given to California officials."  While this probably is not surprising in light of our size and breadth in the market, it nonetheless is made to sound somewhat sinister, and my sense is that it is just another potential barb for the CA officials to throw at us.  Since the article quotes a response from Mark Palmer (in which he suggests that Enron, in turn, likely would have resold the capacity and would not have realized the benefit of the rising market), I assumed that you were aware of it, but I thought I would err on the side of putting an extra e-mail in your in-box.
John
John Klauberg
LeBoeuf, Lamb, Greene & MacRae, L.L.P.
212 424-8125
john.klauberg@llgm.com
Andy Edison will get back to you on this.
Thanks Richard,
The reason I asked was because our IT people in Houston have told us that we cannot transfer emails that we need beyond the retention period to word documents.  That seemed a bit strange, but they were quite emphatic.   I have clarified the rule with our IT head.
Thanks a lot, and take care,
Limor
Enron Global Markets
520 Madison Avenue
New York, NY 10022
Tel: 212.715.5283
Fax: 212.715.5608
E-Mail: Limor.Nissan@
Sorry for the late reply. You are correct about  the policy. 
Hi Richard,
Someone made an inquiry to me regarding the policy 
It is my understanding that if email is not deleted or copied into a word document in order to avoid deletion, then it will be (or should be) destroyed automatically after the expiration of the retention period.  We have been telling our people to only move information from Outlook to Word documents if they feel that they need to retain it for more than the appropriate retention period.
Please let me know if this is consistent with the policy.
Thanks, and hope all is well with you.
Limor
Enron Global Markets
520 Madison Avenue
New York, NY 10022
Tel: 212.715.5283
Fax: 212.715.5608
E-Mail: Limor.Nissan@
I have lost track of this. Is there an actual matter? Who is handling?
Works for me.
Deb -- Unless you or Mark Haedicke advise otherwise, Becky Stephens will process SOP for Ste. Aurelie Timberlands as she does for other companies in the Enron Wholesale Group, i.e. Service Recipient -- Richard Sanders; Copy Recipient -- Linda Guinn; ELU Contact -- Bonnie White.
Kate -- Please confirm with Becky when the change of agent has been effected.
Deb and Kate -- During the interim, I understand that service will be handled by the current agent and notice of service will be issued by that agent to whomever Deb has designated. If that is to be Becky during this transition, Deb will need to so instruct the current agent with a copy of the instructions to Becky.
Thanks.
Thanks Deb.  We'll proceed to prepare change of agent forms.  Will you also be able to provide information on officer or director slates?  At present we have no info. at all so we will not be able to get a signature(s) on the forms.
Please advise whether minute books, seals, stock certs., etc. will continue to be maintained by Canadian counsel in Quebec.
Which are the "documents" referred to in your message below?
Thanks for your help.  It's much appreciated.
Kate
Kate B. Cole
Director, Corporate Services
Enron Corp.
Tel: (713) 853-1624
Fax: (713) 646-8007
Email: kate.cole@
Kate, I think it will be ok to change the registered agent on Ste. Aurelie Timberlands and as soon as I receive documents I will forward to you.  I left another voice mail yesterday for the asst. secty, Pat Riggy.  I will also call again tomorrow.  Thanks, Deb
Deb Korkmas
EWS Legal Dept.
1400 Smith Street, Room 3834A
Houston, TX  77002
Phone:  713-853-5448
Fax:  713-646-3393
Good news. 
A slight clarification: SOP is currently made on an individual: John J. Flaherty, 443 Congress St., P.O.Box 11410, Portland, ME 04104-7410.  Mr. J.M.Gagne' of Fasken Martineau Dumoulin, a law firm in Quebec, handles the corporate records but not SOP.  KC
Kate B. Cole
Director, Corporate Services
Enron Corp.
Tel: (713) 853-1624
Fax: (713) 646-8007
Email: kate.cole@
I understand that you have expressed a preference that service of process upon this recently acquired domestic company be received by Canadian counsel. This is contrary to the procedure that we implemented a couple of years ago, whereby a corporate agent has been assigned as agent for service of process relative to all domestic entities affiliated with Enron Corp. in all states. Currently, that agent is NRAI. 
There are two exceptions -- PGE and Limbach. Both of these companies requested and were granted exceptions to the SOP procedure for specific business needs. 
Please provide me the basis for the requested exception as to the captioned company. Of course, we will make every effort to accommodate the specific business needs of this company. Also, please advise whether you or someone on your behalf has determined that the laws in each state in which the company is incorporated and does business permits SOP on a foreign individual.
Thanks 
Please check with John on a later date. By copy of this e-mail, I will ask Stephanie to get alternate dates from you, John,Me, and Jim McCartney and to take the lead on the scheduling. If no other date works, we will go the week of the 16th.
Also- I need you to give dates to Stephanie for the meeting w/me and Mark re your travel schedule.She will take the lead on this one also.
Finally--- I talked to Julia Murray about FCPA training that you were going to do for her group. I think this would be  good PR for you. Please do whatever you can to get them a firm date.
Richard I think the week after that, John wanted to take vacation.  Maybe we should try for the first week in August.  Its winter in South America and it will be a good break from the heat.  I'll check with John.  Otherwise we could do Tuesday- Friday that week of the 16th? That may be tough just returning from vacation.
I have left a message for Jim. I will be getting back from working a week in the Portland office on Sunday, so we would have to leave on Monday. Are any other weeks after that good?
Hi Richard,
How about the week of July 16-17?  That works for Novak and me.  I'll make an agenda.  Please check with Jim.
Rgds,
Michelle
I never did this. Sorry. What do I need to do at this late juncture?
Attached is the Top North America Legal Risks report.  Mark Haedicke would like you to update this report.  Many thanks.
Janette Elbertson
Enron Wholesale Services
Legal Department - EB3326
Telephone:  (713) 853-7906
Fax:  (713) 646-2600
janette.elbertson@
I need to go to San Diego on the 27th for a 3pm hearing. I can probably go that day. Find out what Robin Gibbs is doing and where he is staying. I need to get the first flight back on the 28th.
I was expecting a check from Melanie Gray in the PCA Bankrupty. Call her and get a status report.
Just a reminder that I need Seabram"s "I'll say anything e-mail"
The problem with tapping those funds is that the hogs will get fatter. I think we should vote with our overall theme in mind: the PX participants committee is out of control and anything that curtails them is good.  Is that clear as mud?
There is a committee call Sept. 10 at 12 your time.  It's the regular
weekly committee call.  We may discuss further the arbitration issue
although, for the moment, it would appear that the vote is against making a
demand, at least until after FERC rules.  I won't be surprised however, if
Weg keeps lobbying to try and get the committee to come around on this
issue.  We need to discuss how we will fund the operations. professionals
etc both pending plan confirmation (hopefully early 2002) and after
confirmation.  Weg suggests that we use the earnings on the $400 million
held by PX.  Any thoughts in that regard?  Bob
There is no policy that I know of(don't make me write one)
Richard 
I was wondering if Enron had any formal policies on the release of information?  This is promoted by a call we had from Rep. Waxman's office.  The Rep would like a copy of the 4 page handout that Lay gave to key California Republican leaders in a "private" meeting in Beverly Hills reported in the LA Times recently.
I think that we are going to give this information to Rep. Waxman's office, but we probably want a formal policy (ie, written) that would allow our legislative professionals in DC and elsewhere to say that some info is public and can be provided and other info will not be released.
Appreciate your help.
Jim
Don't do this. Derrick wants me to handle.
I called and left word after you and I talked.  I didn't hear back so I called her late last week. She left me a voice mail on Friday saying she was out of the office and would call me this week.  I'll continue to follow up.
Did you talk to Elizabeth Labanowski(sp?) re the grand Jury being convened to look at Enron's political contribution?
Can you print this out for me?
If you can't read the letter this time, please let me know and I will just fax it to you.  Thank you.
- 1299113.01 
Here is the form of PG&E letter that we used after consultation with LaBoeuf - it has a few more words.
EES wants to terminate energy contracts(futures cintracts) with two bankrupt entities. Can you let Bob Williams know if you have any comments/suggestions to his letter?
Pending Mark Haedicke's okay, here are my suggested termination notices to Unisil and Tri-Valley Growers:
UNISIL:
[Date}
[Jason to provide attorney name]
Re:  Power Sales Agreement between UniSil Corporation and Enron Energy Marketing Corp                          successor by merger to PG&E Energy Services Corp.("EEMC"), originally entered into
between EEMC and UniSil Corp. as of December 5, 1997, and subsequently assigned 
to UniSil Acquisition Corp. (the "Agreement")
Dear ___________:
Pursuant to Section 3.3.2 of the Agreeement and Section 556 of the Bankruptcy Code, EEMC hereby terminates 
the Agreement, effective immediately.
Very truly yours 
Marcus?
TRI VALLEY GROWERS:
[Date]
[Marcus--who is Tri Valley Growers' bankruptcy counsel?]
Re:  Retail Power Sales Contract between Tri Valley Growers and Enron Energy Marketing Corp., successor 
by merger to PG&E Energy Services Corp. ("EEMC"), entered into as of August 28, 1998 (the "Contract")
[Same as UniSil except Contract not Agreement]
I am ok. We have gotten into trouble before when we used a different address or fax# that the one contained in the contract. Send it to as many addresses as you have but check the one in the contract.
I'm going to use my one-sentence letter unless you guys have a problem.
The attachment to Ms. Sager's letter did not come with the copy you
forwarded to me, but the text you proposed seems to me to say everything
necessary, and I'm generally in favor of not saying anything more than that.
Section 15.2 of the Unisil agreement gives an address for notices.  If
Unisil Aquisition is still using that address, I would send the notice
there.  Otherwise, I would make sure it gets to Unisil's management.
Rob,
Is my short version okay?  Looks like we've been wordier in the past.
   This e-mail is sent by a law firm and contains information
that may be privileged and confidential. If you are not the
intended recipient, please delete the e-mail and notify us
immediately.
I attaching a letter from Mr. Kirby to Senator Dunn in both WordPerfect and Microsoft Word.  Please call me at 619-557-4471 if you have any problems with the document.  Thank you.
The information contained in this e-mail message and any accompanying documents is subject to the attorney-client privilege and/or the attorney work product rule and is confidential business information intended only for the use of the individual or entity named above.  If the reader of this message is not the intended recipient or representative of the recipient, you are hereby notified that any dissemination of this communication is strictly prohibited.  If you have received this communication in error, please notify Kathryn A. Pugh at kpugh@pkns.com and immediately delete this message from your system.
- DUNNLR.WPD 
- #288539v1 -DUNN LR.doc 
John- I think that Mark Haedicke talked to Sam about this but I wanted to follow up. We want to make sure that Sam is available to Enron as well and that his representation of Idaho Power does not infringe on work we might want him to do.
Mark & Richard:  I am attaching an e-mail from one of my partners who has been asked to assist Idaho Power in the context of the ongoing FERC proceedings being run by ALJ Wagner.  It would not appear to me that there would not be a conflict problem with us handling this engagement for Idaho Power, but I thought Richard would be closer to the proceedings (and the likely stances of the various players) and may have better insights that me on this issue at this point.  Sam Behrends would probably be handling most of the work from the LeBoeuf side.  Since, as I understand it, we got the call from Idaho Power on Sunday night and the proceedings commenced yesterday, I would appreciate it if you could let me know whether you are comfortable with us taking on this assignment as quickly as you can.  Thanks very much.  John
John Klauberg
LeBoeuf, Lamb, Greene & MacRae, L.L.P.
212 424-8125
john.klauberg@llgm.com
=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D
=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D
Date: Mon, 25 Jun 2001 12:57:24 -0400
John-
Further to our discussion regarding participation on behalf of Idaho Power in the FERC dockets (EL00-95-031, et al), after their call to me this weekend.  Their interest focuses on sales into and purchases from the ISO and the PX, substantial portions of which remain unpaid.  The sales at issue are not from their own generation but are as a marketer.  Idaho expects to assert that marketer sales must take into account more than the simple price of procurement, but also associated costs and a margin.  Conditions that enhance the creditworthiness of purchasers also are likely to be on Idaho's agenda.  The foregoing is provided solely to assure that Enron will not interpose any objection to our role on behalf of Idaho.  I attended the morning session of the settlement conference before Judge Wagner as an observer, pending completion of our formal procedures.  Bear in mind that Dan Watkiss of Bracewell & Patterson appeared on behalf of the involved Enron subsidiaries.  Understandably Idaho would like our position confirmed at the earliest possible time, as they already had to release their traditional FERC counsel.
Larry Acker
Lawrence G. Acker
1875 Connecticut Avenue, NW
Suite 1200
Washington, DC  20009-5728
202-986-8016
fax 202-986-8147
e-mail: lacker@llgm.com
Linda guinn will get this for you
Can you please provide our office with a complete copy of the agreement?  We would be happy to send someone to retrieve the copy when it is available.
Thank you for your assistance.
Tracy L. Carter
713-853-4899
MDay Here is a preliminary draft of the letter to Dunn.  I have NOT been able to
assimilate and insert the press materials I got from Jeff this morning.  I
will be back from a commissioner meeting at noon California time and can
assist in further editing at that time.  I do believe that some of the press
material can be helpful.  Please send comments back by email.  I can be
reached by cell phone for part of the time during the next 90 minutes.  Mike
Day
cell 415-279-0702
- X26059.DOC 
As you attempt to reschedule, just remember the crying faces of ten 5 year olds when Coach Sanders isn't there to lead them on to victory.
George can't do it on Monday since he is in Connecticut on Thursday and arranged his schedule to do our meeting on Friday.  I'm still waiting to hear from Greg.  If Greg can do it on Monday, we may have the chance to change till Monday anyway.  I'll let you know later today 
Did you switch this? 
I have scheduled an all day meeting with Greg and Chris, in New York, on Friday, September 21, 2001. At this meeting wwe will discuss the trial plan and, in effect, have a dry run of what we might expect to occur during the October 11 trial.  Please let me know if you are available to attend. I have also asked that, by the end of this week, Brobeck provide us with a summary of the best arguments for and against both sides and an analysis of the realistic exposure to both sides. We can review this before the meeting on the 21st. 
Also, the two motions for summary judgment we filed are set to be heard on October 1, 2001. The outcome of this hearing (assuming the judge makes a ruling) could certainly affect the tone and scope of the case. Please let me know if you are available on the 21st.  Thanks. 
FYI
Steve Douglas asked me to review and brief you on the pleadings for the Ontario Power tax refund litigation against the United States 
Ontairo Power, a Canadian coal buyer, claims it is entitled to a refund of unconstitutionally imposed excise tax on coal it bought from several US producers. The IRS is apparently acknowledging that the coal excise tax is unconstitutional as applied to exported coal, and has announced that it will refund taxes improperly levied.  But at issue is whether coal buyers are properly the ones who are due the refund, or whether it more properly belongs to the coal producers.  The IRS says it is separately being sued by 40 coal suppliers, who claim entitlement to the refund, and has therefore asked that all coal producers who have sold coal to Ontario Power be given notice of this proceeding, perhaps as a precursor to an interpleader proceeding.  I presume that that is how we got copies of the pleadings that were forwarded to us.
This suggests to me that Enron should consider filing its own refund claim with respect to any exported coal we have been selling.  It would be useful to get a copy of the pleadings from some of the other producers so that we can use that as a template for our own complaint.  That would also give us a head start in researching some of the relevant legal issues.  We will also want to look at our invoicing to see whether or not the coal excise tax is separately itemized on our bill.  Finally, we will need to get records of our coal exports so we can ascertain how much money is in issue.  For how many years I am not sure; the applicable statute of limitations is one of the items that will need to be researched 
I will be out of town for the next couple of days, but will be back on Thursday.  Perhaps we can discuss the way forward at that time 
Kevin Liss
x58601
may  
- Dunn Letter0710.DOC 
I think this is an excellent letter.  I agree with Sue's comments and have included her changes on Page 3.  All changes have been marked in this version.
Final version of Enron Complaint.  Document is in Word Perfect 8.
The information contained in this e-mail message and any accompanying documents is subject to the attorney-client privilege and/or the attorney work product rule and is confidential business information intended only for the use of the individual or entity named above.  If the reader of this message is not the intended recipient or representative of the recipient, you are hereby notified that any dissemination of this communication is strictly prohibited.  If you have received this communication in error, please notify Kathryn A. Pugh at kpugh@pkns.com and immediately delete this message from your system.
- 288950_1.WPD 
thanks
Your Real Audio will just show nothing for now.  Our lobbyist will call me when it starts up and I'll let you know right away.
Sue Mara
Enron Corp.
Tel: (415) 782-7802
Fax:(415) 782-7854
Andy Edison will get this to you.
Monthly Report Updates Due
It is time to update the Monthly Report for Mark Haedicke to send to Jim Derrick.  Please use a hard copy of the attached June report to mark changes for transactions as of today 
Remember that the report is to reflect 
significant transactions that are most likely to close
Remember to add outside counsel (the firm name) where appropriate.
Give your hard copy changes to Kay Young by 5 p.m. Friday, July 13.
Thanks!
Kay Young
Legal Specialist
I tried to call you but could not get through. What is your 
yes
i'd like to take the week of July 30 - Aug 3 as vacation.  please let me know if this time is convenient.
Linda Guinn
Enron Wholesale Services Legal Department
1400 Smith, EB 3829a
Houston, Texas  77002
713/853-6104
713/646-3393
I have been out of the country for the last week, but am in today. I am available anytime this AM.
Richard, please call me so we can discuss directly the question of  
arbitration against SCE for the PX claim of $824 million.  I think its  
important and I would like to discuss it with you personally. 
Second, I am representing Enron's sub, Portland General Electric Company, on  
the Unofficial Committee of Energy Sellers that has about 20 members.  12 of  
the members have voted to send a low key, non threatening message to the  
Calif legislature on the pending AB78X to the effect that if they pass a bill  
that leaves SCE $1 bill short in financing, then other energy sellers (you  
and I know or can guess who they are) will probably feel forced to start an  
involuntary bankruptcy or to start litigation against SCE.  The Unofficial  
Committee was formed to not threaten or pursue bankruptcy or litigation, but  
to pursue consensual repayment.  By creating a cloud of uncertainty over  
whether and when others will start the involuntary bankruptcy, the rating  
agencies and underwriters may not be willing to financing SCE even at the  
reduced rate set forth in the proposed bill.  The 12 members of the  
Unofficial Committee that want to send this message want SCE to avoid a  
Bankruptcy and therefore are suggesting that the Legislature, if it passes AB  
78X, may actually be making it more likely that a BK will ensue. 
Apparently, Doug Nichols at Portland General talked to Lisa Mellencamp about  
this and was told that Portland General should not be part of this low key non threatening message I would like to talk to you directly about this too.  I want to make sure  
that Enron is not missing several opportunities here that will help Enron and  
others.  Please give me a call sometime.  I will be in Sacramento on Tues Sep  
4, but will call you when and where you say. 
I asked Nelson to find out if you would be around to actively participate on  
a subcommittee of the Official Committee on SCE (Sempra and Powerex would be  
the other subcommittee members).  Last time I put you on  a subcommittee, on  
fees, you were too busy to participate.  Please let me know if you really can  
be involved on this important subcommittee on SCE. 
thanks.
Gareth Bahlmann is doing a big financing and I participated in a California due diligence call last Thurs. w/ the bank's atty, who happens to be Gary Orloff at Bracewell. Gary wanted to see our proof of claim. Can I get a copy?
SENT ON BEHALF OF LISA MELLENCAMP
Lisa has requested that the proofs of claim that were filed yesterday be Federal Expressed to her overnight.  When these documents are received tomorrow who will I need to distribute copies to?
Thanks.
Linda Simmons
what is your telephone 
hey there y'all.  need a house address for y'all
cheers
rol
_________________________________________________________________
I now see who she is. I am happy to go.
Betsy Browning, who has merged her business with DecisionQuest, wants to take us to lunch at Boulevard Bistro next Friday (July 13).  I told her I would ask you.  Can you make it?
Thanks for your e-mail. As it turns out the judge kept the case in San Diego.
I just returned to the office today from a long vacation and wanted to thank
you for taking the time to leave me a voicemail regarding the outcome of the
CalPX beauty contest.  Of course, I'm disappointed, but all of us here
really appreciate your support within the committee.
I also received a message from Neal Manne indicating that you may be
interested in retaining us to represent Enron in the litigation that was
transferred to Judge Whaley in Spokane.  If so, I would be very interested
in discussing that when it's convenient for you.  I will be in the office
the balance of this week and the first 3 days of next week.  My direct line
is (206) 516-3860.
,
Parker C. Folse III
Susman Godfrey L.L.P.
1201 Third Avenue, Suite 3090
Seattle, WA 98101
(206) 516-3880
This looks fine. Can I get a copy of what went. I may be in D.C. next week.
Ken Gross's assistant has sent me their proposed draft of the document that Skadden would submit to the New Jersey AG in connection with the investigation of Enron's political contributions in the state during 1999.  I would appreciate your careful review of this material, and I also request that you get any comments back to me by end of day on Monday, July 9.  If we need to meet face-to-facer on this, I am in town and available. 
If you feel I have forgotten anyone on the distribution list, please let me know.  Many thanks!
Your are on the right and true path. 
Proposed Settlement Agreement With  Schultes attached.  In my view, ECT
Securities should not release Schultes of anything unless he drops the
Cleveland suit against Enron.
ALSCHULER GROSSMAN STEIN & KAHAN LLP
ATTORNEYS AT LAW
www.agsk.com
2049 Century Park East
Thirty-Ninth Floor
Los Angeles, CA 90067-3213
Tel 310-277-1226
Fax 310-552-6077
This transmission is intended only for the use
of the addressee and may contain information
that is privileged, confidential and exempt from
disclosure under applicable law. If you are not
the intended recipient, or the employee or agent
responsible for delivering the message to the
intended recipient, you are hereby notified that
any dissemination, distribution or copying of
this communication is strictly prohibited.
If you have received this communication
in error, please notify us immediately
via e-mail at postmaster@agsk.com or
by telephone at 310-277-1226. Thank you.
- Enclosed.txt   - 4KD_06!.DOC  
No. Should I? Lrts talk about it Monday.
Refresh my memory, I know that we talked about it, but did you ever call
Robin Fields client about her role in the Grynberg case?
To hire(no) or to represent us(maybe)?
any interest?
Rob-  Thank you for taking the time to talk  with me.  Per your request, attached is copy of my resume in two  formats.  Thanks for your help.
Lee M. Larkin
Board Certified- Civil Trial  Law-Texas Board of Legal Specialization
Fouts & Moore, L.L.P.
1300  Post Oak Blvd. Suite 2000
Houston, Texas 77056-8000
Telephone:  713-986-7200
Telefax: 713-986-7299
[The information contained in this  electronic mail transmission and any attachments are intended solely for the  addressee(s) named above.  If you are not an addressee, or responsible for  delivering this e-mail, you have received this e-mail in error and you are  strictly prohibited from reading or disclosing it.  The information  contained in this e-mail is highly confidential and may be subject to legally  enforceable privileges.  If you received this in error, please contact Lee  M. Larkin at 713-986-7200 or reply via electronic mail immediately to the person  sending this transmission and return this document to  same.]
- Resume2.lml.doc   - Resume2.lml.wpd  
We need to talk about this
Steve Douglas asked me to review and brief you on the pleadings for the Ontario Power tax refund litigation against the United States 
Ontairo Power, a Canadian coal buyer, claims it is entitled to a refund of unconstitutionally imposed excise tax on coal it bought from several US producers. The IRS is apparently acknowledging that the coal excise tax is unconstitutional as applied to exported coal, and has announced that it will refund taxes improperly levied.  But at issue is whether coal buyers are properly the ones who are due the refund, or whether it more properly belongs to the coal producers.  The IRS says it is separately being sued by 40 coal suppliers, who claim entitlement to the refund, and has therefore asked that all coal producers who have sold coal to Ontario Power be given notice of this proceeding, perhaps as a precursor to an interpleader proceeding.  I presume that that is how we got copies of the pleadings that were forwarded to us.
This suggests to me that Enron should consider filing its own refund claim with respect to any exported coal we have been selling.  It would be useful to get a copy of the pleadings from some of the other producers so that we can use that as a template for our own complaint.  That would also give us a head start in researching some of the relevant legal issues.  We will also want to look at our invoicing to see whether or not the coal excise tax is separately itemized on our bill.  Finally, we will need to get records of our coal exports so we can ascertain how much money is in issue.  For how many years I am not sure; the applicable statute of limitations is one of the items that will need to be researched 
I will be out of town for the next couple of days, but will be back on Thursday.  Perhaps we can discuss the way forward at that time 
Kevin Liss
x58601
yes
Tim/Richard,  Is this procedure approved?   JR
Jenny,
There is no rush on my part with any current requests. Just wanted to be proactive an see where we are at with approval of the procedures so we are prepared for the next request.
Thanks!
DRAFT PROCEDURES -  PENDING APPROVAL BY RICHARD SANDERS
Richard Sanders and Tim Belden have agreed upon the following sign-off procedures:
Tapes:  When we need to access audio tapes to resolve disputed trades or standard settlement questions we will use the standard form authorized with Tim Belden's signature.  Dave and Dan will sort out the logistics of acquiring and listening to the tape.
Data Requests:  Any data requests for data residing in Houston require Tim Belden's signature plus the signature of one attorney.  Richard Sanders may choose to delegate signing authority to Gary Fergus or another litigation attorney by sending an e-mail to this same group.  Dave and Dan will sort out logistics depending on the frequency and complexity of the data requests.
EXECUTIVE SUMMARY
SoCal Conference Call Highlights
SoCal Conference Call- The following comments are notes from the SoCal conference call for defaulted debt holders, held 1:30 p.m. PDT, 13 July 2001:
Ted Kravner, the SoCal spokesperson, indicated that there are "a lot of bills floating around.  There's not a lot for us to say at this point."  After such a long delay, he stated that, "We are encouraged to see real action at the legislative level."  Also, the company could not comment as to whether the plans made the utility creditworthy; "We are evaluating that with Senate and Assembly leaders."
The spokesperson stated that on Monday the company will make a regular interest payments on the 5 7/8 notes totaling less than $6 M.  The company will also make payments on its other notes; the total amount to be paid will be $27 to $28 M.
Yesterday the CPUC granted the company's motion on the QF fixed rate agreement with the gas cogen and renewable QFs.  The spokesperson stated that the PUC said SoCal can recover all costs associated with its payments to these QFs.
Appalucia Management Questions to SoCal
Q:  	Will SCE defer payment on the "quids" notes, which are backed by a trust that has bonds issued against it?
A: 	Under the terms of the notes SoCal is allowed to defer payment for up to 20 quarters.
Q:	Would the CPUC, after providing for the DWR to be reimbursed for purchasing power (through the California Procurement Adjustment, or CPA), leave enough revenue for SoCal to remain solvent?  This was based on reports in the press recently that the DWR had requested a 25% rate increase 	A:	These reports were "speculation" and were based on numbers that DWR had submitted several weeks ago.  SoCal stated that DWR must update these numbers; therefore, no formal CPUC decision on reimbursing SoCal vis-?-vis DWR can be made at this time.  SoCal indicated that these numbers would be updated "in a few weeks."
Prudential Questions to SoCal
Q: 	What bills are currently in process dealing with the MOU?
A:	There is the Polanco bill, which is the original MOU; the 	Assembly (Hertzberg) bill AB 82XX, which uses the Polanco bill as its foundation; and a Senate bill crafted around Byron Sher's proposals.  SoCal stated that the Sher bill was "less a matter of using Polanco" and approaches the MOU "from a different direction."  SoCal indicated that "people are currently studying the Hertzberg will to see what the components are."
Q:	What is your (SoCal's) reaction to the negative article in the LA Times today regarding the legislature's perception of the MOU 	A:	SoCal responded that "the LA Times sees the glass as half-empty.  By my comments, I see the glass as half-full.  We are optimistic because there something tangible that people are working on.  The fact that Hertzberg's bill uses the governor's MOU as a foundation provides us with a level of optimism."  However, he emphasized that the company was not in a position to say whether any of the bills would make the utility creditworthy 
Q:	Can the governor keep the legislature from recessing in order to force them to pass an MOU?
A:	SoCal responded, "yes, I understand that he does have that power.  We are running out of days.  The situation is becoming more critical.  We are on borrowed time from our creditors now.  Anything that moves us toward creditworthiness, we support."  (NOTE:  In actuality, the Governor can order legislators to the floor for a vote, but they do not have to comply.  As Burton said in the press today, "Only the legislature can force the legislature to stay 
Deutsche Bank Questions to SoCal
Q:	Is the transmission asset sale off the table or not 	A:	The sale is in the Assembly bill, but we "think it's more of an option in the Senate bill, like it was in the San Diego deal."
Q:	What are your (SoCal's) thoughts on how the California Procurement Adjustment (CPA) mechanism could be constructed to keep SoCal solvent and if a change in the mechanism for reimbursing the DWR would be needed?
A:  	"We are highly focused on this."  The spokesperson stated that if 	revenue is distributed in a manner "that puts the utility in a deteriorating balance sheet situation, this will be seen as a very serious situation.  This would be unacceptable.  Our cash position is currently stable.  These changes, this would be a very serious event."
Q:	Has SoCal reached an agreement on paying the non-renewables or gas-fired QFs 10% of what they are owed? 
A:	SoCal indicated that it is still in negotiations with 4 of the larger gas-fired QFs (IEP Projects).  SoCal indicated that it would make its 10% payments once the PUC order to pay is final (a 30-day appeal period is still in effect, according to SoCal).
I have it as brianp@aiglincoln.com. No".po". Did you leave Susman? Saw your picture on the Texas Lawyer---almost fell out of my chair. Have you parlayed this fame into something else?
Do you know Brian's email?  I have it as: brianp@aiglincoln.com.po But mail comes back  undeliverable.
If you have any questions, please feel free to contact Kristin Walsh at (713) 853-9510 or G. Britt Whitman at (713) 345-4014.
EXECUTIVE SUMMARY
Multiple MOU Plans Debated
California State Budget Faces One Last Hurdle
Budget=20
There is a small possibility that Sen. Burton will not recess the Senate on Thursday unless the Senate passes the budget that the Assembly passed last night (7-17). However a key Democrat, Sen. Sheila Kuehl, has been is in Italy and is on a 16 hour return flight. No one knows if she has been told to return and without her presence, two Republican votes are still needed to pass any urgency measure for the budget.  Kuehl's vote is crucial if they take the bill up on Thursday.=20
MOU Mayhem
There are currently three leading MOU plans being resuscitated by the California House and Senate deliberations.  Senator Burton is hoping to keep the published schedule and adjourn for a month's recess on Thursday evening.  Speaker Hertzberg is reportedly not thrilled with leaving until the Edison issue is resolved.  However, rumor is that whether or not they recess on Thursday, their adjournment will mark the end of the Second Extraordinary session and all XX  bills passed and signed will go into effect in 90 days (all others will be dead).  Although Davis has stressed the urgency of passing a comprehensive "bail-out" plan and even threatened to call an emergency session to prevent legislators from taking a 30-day recess on Friday, there is no clear indication that legislators will comply with this request.     =20
Hertzberg's bill 82XX - Of the more obvious differences from Davis MOU,  82XX proposes to offer SoCal $300 M less for its transmission lines in addition to penalizing Edison if it fails to act in good faith in closing the deal.  It comes as no surprise that during bill deliberations, SoCal raised objections to the bill and warned of impending difficulties (bankruptcy) for So Cal were the bill left unamended.
The Wright-Richman bill 83XX - We reported last week that 83XX remains the only measure fueled by bipartisan support.  AB 83XX was heard in an "informational" hearing yesterday (7-17) and will be heard again today in the Assembly Energy Committee.  Assemblyman Rod Wright, the Chairman of the Committee, presented AB 83xx with Dr. Keith Richman, a Republican Assemblyman from Southern California. They offered 83XX as an Edison bail-out, pure and simple. Wright was clear to distinguish his bill from 82XX, which he said has conservation easements and land requisitions, a renewable portfolio which will add an additional fee on ratepayers, and reasonable review for long term contracts. While the chances of the Richman bill being successful appear slim, reports that that Hertzberg will try to negotiate elements of his own bill (82XX) as amendments to the Wright/Richman measure suggest that at least Hertzberg feels Richman's 83XX stands a chance.=20
The Byron Sher bill, SB 78XX (Polanco) - Previously presented by Sen. Polanco on behalf of Governor Davis, SB 78XX has received special attention from Senate President, John Burton.  Although it has never been heard by a committee, SB 78XX is currently on the Senate floor and ready for a vote. The Senate Energy Committee and Senate Appropriations Committee are both scheduled to have informational hearings on this bill today.  Note, the meetings are informational because neither committee has possession of the bill.  These hearings will provide information to committee members, avoid a formal vote, and simultaneously shield Burton/Polanco from claims that the details of SB78XX were never released.  The Senate is scheduled to be in session tomorrow, ostensibly to vote on the state budget and SB 78XX. Given Burton's penchant for wanting to keep on schedule to recess tomorrow, there is no guarantee that he will hold the Senate in session once they hear SB 78XX. Thus, the Senate may never even see AB 82XX and AB 83XX unless either or both bills are passed out of the Assembly today and get special treatment by Burton to be heard tomorrow. Burton has previously adjourned the Senate to keep on schedule once they finish their business, even if the Assembly is behind them.
We have not had any disputes in my 3.5 years and none that I am aware of in the past.
Mark/Richard
We are looking at a possible dispute with Dynegy in relation a UK electricity trading contract.
Part of our assessment of whether we want to resolve the issue by expert determination rather than by compromise is going to be driven by the extent to which we feel we need to make the point to Dynegy that we are prepared to square up for a fight when we need to and not compromise.
In making this assessment our relationship with Dynegy in the US (and elsewhere) - in particular whether we have or have had any/many disputes with Dynegy - will be very instructive.
Please could you drop me a quick email or vmail with a thumb-nail sketch of any current and past disputes with Dynegy.
Many thanks
Paul
x36566
Richard:  The table below includes all invoices sent to ENRON for our
assistance in the California litigation.  These invoices are submitted to
Mike Kirby, who has, I am told, forwarded them to you.  PKNS0001S is our
internal job code for this assignment.
Thanks for your help.
PKNS0001S
Invoice Number	Amount	Date
10000636	$18,650.95	March 1, 2001
10000822	$51,464.23	April 13, 2001
10001047	$51,895.66	May 17, 2001
10001095	$42,879.39	June 8, 2001
164,890.23
Cheers
 pa
Edward Kee
PA Consulting Group
1776 Eye Street, NW
Washington, DC  20006  USA
+1 202 828 8731 direct
+1 202 785 4052 fax
+1 202 415 0197 mobile
ed.kee@paconsulting.com
This electronic message transmission, including any attachments, is intended
only for the use of the individual or entity to which it is addressed and
may contain information that is privileged, confidential and exempt from
disclosure under applicable law. If you are not the intended recipient or
the employee or agent responsible for delivering this transmission to the
intended recipient, you are hereby notified that any review, copying,
dissemination, distribution or the taking of any action in reliance on the
contents of this transmission is strictly prohibited. If you have received
this transmission in error please notify me immediately.
When is the hearing and what is the likelihood of it going forward on that date?
on Friday, plaintiff filed two briefs: one omnibus brief in oppostion to all of the substantive motions filed by all of the defendants, and another brief in opposition to the 2 sanctions motions, one filed by us and the other by mcdonald.  the briefs are littered with expressions of indignation and outrage, and dwell on plaintiff's counsel's condemnation of large firms and large clients willing to expend any amount of money and hours to bury the plaintiff - and the court - in paper.  as to actual substance, the briefs are very light, as well as confusing.
specifically w/r to the issues raised by the enron motions, plaintiff presumably took the omnibus approach to further blur the distinctions between the defendants, and obscure the fact that he didn't make particular allegations about any enron conduct. obviously, this will be a core focus of our response.
copies will be fed ex'd to you all overnight.   if you have any comments, reactions, or suggestions, please call.  otherwise we hope to have  draft replies to you all by the end of the week.  our filing date is a week from today.
Charna E. Sherman
Hahn Loeser & Parks  LLP
cesherman@hahnlaw.com
216-274-2556 (voice)
216-274-2555 (fax)
This transmission contains confidential
information intended only for the addressee(s).
If you are not the intended recipient,
any use, dissemination, distribution or
copying of this document or its contents
is strictly prohibited.
I am working on the Enron Corp PAC. Can you send me a copy of the invitation so I can submit it. Fax # 713-646-3393.
See attached
- Memo to Richard sanders.doc  
Is this mine?
Bonnie White would like you to review the attached letter and please
respond by 5:00 P.M. Friday, July 27, 2001.
Thank you for your attention to this matter.
Sharon Fields
Paralegal to Bonnie White
Enron Litigation Unit
713.853.6536  (telephone)
713.653.6576  (facsimile)
sharon.h.fields@
No le hace.
I am taking a poll for Mark Haedicke.  He may need to change the time for the Monday morning meetings.  Would you prefer the meeting start time change to 10:30 a.m. or 11:00 a.m 
Please let me know as soon as possible.  Thank you 
Janette Elbertson
Enron Wholesale Services
Legal Department - EB3326
Telephone:  (713) 853-7906
Fax:  (713) 646-2600
e-mail address:  janette.elbertson@
Actually, I now can not do it from 11-12. The rest of the day is free.
I am having to move the schedule around and I was wondering if you could  meet with this candidate from 11:00 til 11:30 instead of the orginal 11:30- 12:00 PM request. Please advise 
Thank you!
Please call him and set up a time to talk next week- Monday if possible.
Sandy Haldeman
Senior Administrative Assistant
Are we doing anything on California and do you need my input?
The Rio Piedras Explosion Litigation note needs to be updated. My suggested note follows with deletions being noted by "***" and additions noted in bold.  Please let me know if you have any questions are comments.
____________=20
On November 21, 1996, an explosion occurred in *** the Humberto Vidal Building in San Juan, Puerto Rico. The explosion resulted in fatalities, bodily injuries and damage to the building and surrounding property. San Juan Gas Company, Inc. (San Juan Gas), an Enron affiliate, operated a propane/air distribution system in the vicinity, but did not provide service to the building. Enron, San Juan Gas, four affiliates and their insurance carriers were named as defendants, along with several third parties, including The Puerto Rico Aqueduct and Sewer Authority, Puerto Rico Telephone Company, Heath Consultants Incorporated, Humberto Vidal, Inc. and their insurance carriers, in numerous lawsuits filed in U.S. District Court for the District of Puerto Rico and the Superior Court of Puerto Rico. These suits seek damages for wrongful death, personal injury, business interruption and property damage allegedly caused by the explosion. After nearly four years without determining the cause of the explosion, all parties *** agreed not to litigate further that issue, but to move these suits toward settlements or trials to determine whether each plaintiff was injured as a result of the explosion and, if so, the lawful damages attributable to such injury. The defendants *** agreed on a fund for settlements or final awards. Numerous claims have been settled and ten cases involving 19 plaintiffs are scheduled for trail in the United States District Court beginning on December 10, 2001. No cases have yet been scheduled for trail in the Superior Court. Although no assurances can be given, Enron believes that the ultimate resolution of these matters will not have a material adverse effect on its financial position or results of operations.=20
____________
Find below the Litigation and Other Contingencies footnote from the the March 31, 2001 Form 10-Q.  Please update the section of the disclosure for which you are responsible for inclusion in the second quarter 2001 Form 10Q .  Also, please let me know if there are any new items that should be considered.
Please respond no later than Monday July 30.
Thanks,
Gary
3-6841
=09
3. LITIGATION AND OTHER CONTINGENCIES=20
Enron is a party to various claims and litigation, the significant items of which are discussed below. Although no assurances can be given, Enron believes, based on its experience to date and after considering appropriate reserves that have been established, that the ultimate resolution of such items, individually or in the aggregate, will not have a material adverse impact on Enron's financial position or results of operations.=20
Litigation. In 1995, several parties (the Plaintiffs) filed suit in Harris County District Court in Houston, Texas, against Intratex Gas Company (Intratex), Houston Pipe Line Company and Panhandle Gas Company (collectively, the Enron Defendants), each of which is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Enron. The Plaintiffs were either sellers or royalty owners under numerous gas purchase contracts with Intratex, many of which have terminated. Early in 1996, the case was severed by the Court into two matters to be tried (or otherwise resolved) separately. In the first matter, the Plaintiffs alleged that the Enron Defendants committed fraud and negligent misrepresentation in connection with the "Panhandle program," a special marketing program established in the early 1980s. This case was tried in October 1996 and resulted in a verdict for the Enron Defendants. In the second matter, the Plaintiffs allege that the Enron Defendants violated state regulatory requirements and certain gas purchase contracts by failing to take the Plaintiffs' gas ratably with other producers' gas at certain times between 1978 and 1988. The trial court certified a class action with respect to ratability claims. On March 9, 2000, the Texas Supreme Court ruled that the trial court's class certification was improper and remanded the case to the trial court. The Enron Defendants deny the Plaintiffs' claims and have asserted various affirmative defenses, including the statute of limitations. The Enron Defendants believe that they have strong legal and factual defenses, and intend to vigorously contest the claims. Although no assurances can be given, Enron believes that the ultimate resolution of these matters will not have a material adverse effect on its financial position or results of operations.=20
On November 21, 1996, an explosion occurred in or around the Humberto Vidal Building in San Juan, Puerto Rico. The explosion resulted in fatalities, bodily injuries and damage to the building and surrounding property. San Juan Gas Company, Inc. (San Juan Gas), an Enron affiliate, operated a propane/air distribution system in the vicinity, but did not provide service to the building. Enron, San Juan Gas, four affiliates and their insurance carriers were named as defendants, along with several third parties, including The Puerto Rico Aqueduct and Sewer Authority, Puerto Rico Telephone Company, Heath Consultants Incorporated, Humberto Vidal, Inc. and their insurance carriers, in numerous lawsuits filed in U.S. District Court for the District of Puerto Rico and the Superior Court of Puerto Rico. These suits seek damages for wrongful death, personal injury, business interruption and property damage allegedly caused by the explosion. After nearly four years without determining the cause of the explosion, all parties have agreed not to litigate further that issue, but to move these suits toward settlements or trials to determine whether each plaintiff was injured as a result of the explosion and, if so, the lawful damages attributable to such injury. The defendants have agreed on a fund for settlements or final awards. Numerous claims have been settled. Although no assurances can be given, Enron believes that the ultimate resolution of these matters will not have a material adverse effect on its financial position or results of operations.=20
Trojan Investment Recovery. In early 1993, Portland General Electric (PGE) ceased commercial operation of the Trojan nuclear power generating facility. The Oregon Public Utility Commission (OPUC) granted PGE, through a general rate order, recovery of, and a return on, 87 percent of its remaining investment in Trojan.=20
The OPUC's general rate order related to Trojan has been subject to litigation in various state courts, including rulings by the Oregon Court of Appeals and petitions to the Oregon Supreme Court filed by parties opposed to the OPUC's order, including the Utility Reform Project(URP) and the Citizens Utility Board (CUB).=20
In August 2000, PGE entered into agreements with the CUB and the staff of the OPUC to settle the litigation related to PGE's recovery of its investment in the Trojan plant. Under the agreements, the CUB agreed to withdraw from the litigation and to support the settlement as the means to resolve the Trojan litigation. The OPUC approved the accounting and ratemaking elements of the settlement on September 29, 2000. As a result of these approvals, PGE's investment in Trojan is no longer included in rates charged to customers, either through a return on or a return of that investment. Collection of ongoing decommissioning costs at Trojan is not affected by the settlement agreements or the September 29, 2000 OPUC order. With the CUB's withdrawal, the URP is the one remaining significant adverse party in the litigation. The URP has indicated that it plans to continue to challenge the OPUC order allowing PGE recovery of and a return on its investment in Trojan.=20
Enron cannot predict the outcome of these actions. Although no assurances can be given, Enron believes that the ultimate resolution of these matters will not have a material adverse effect on its financial position or results of operations.=20
Environmental Matters. Enron is subject to extensive federal, state and local environmental laws and regulations. These laws and regulations require expenditures in connection with the construction of new facilities, the operation of existing facilities and for remediation at various operating sites. The implementation of the Clean Air Act Amendments is expected to result in increased operating expenses. These increased operating expenses are not expected to have a material impact on Enron's financial position or results of operations. Enron's natural gas pipeline companies conduct soil and groundwater remediation on a number of their facilities. Enron does not expect to incur material expenditures in connection with soil and groundwater remediation.
Thanks for the update.
We had the shortest call in history today.  We discussed Edison.  Edison
withdrew its opposition to our employment of professionals and will be
producing documents in response to our 2004 notice.  There's been some
speculation about whether parties will be filing an involuntary petition
against SCE.  Reliant wasn't on our call today and I couldn't help but
wonder whether they were busy with other things.  In that regard, Howard
Weg is establishing an SCE subcommittee and wants us to participate.
What's your position.  As to Edison, there's a reasonable likelihood now
that the legislature will approve a package that (1) has no funding to pay
us, (2) permits Edison to use funds to pay dividends on preferred stock and
(3) waives Edison's commandeering claims.  As to the last issue, Kaye
Scholer opines that Edison's waiver will have no impact on the PX's right
to pursue the commandeering suit.  This week there will be several meetings
aimed at finalizing a reorganization plan.  We'll have a report during our
next call which is scheduled Sept,. 17 at 1 LA time.  Weg is consulting
with FERC lawyers about presentation of his proposed settlement.  He plans
to proceed fairly soon both before FERC and in the bankruptcy court.  Bob
Nelson
I have asked my asst. to put a meeting together.
Richard:  We have a general discussion of California in our current SEC filings, but it is not included in the Litigation footnote.  Once we start putting the California discussion in the Litigation footnote, it pretty much stays there until all this goes away (which I assume could take years).  Gary: would you please send to Richard our current discussion of California that appeared in the first Quarter 10-Q.  Richard: I have tried to keep up to speed with our cases trough yours and Vicki Sharp's monthly litigation reports, but perhaps we could get together for just a few minutes next week at your convenience to discuss the status of the cases and the FERC proceedings.  thanks for your help.  Rex=20
Are we doing anything on California and do you need my input?
The Rio Piedras Explosion Litigation note needs to be updated. My suggested note follows with deletions being noted by "***" and additions noted in bold.  Please let me know if you have any questions are comments.
____________=20
On November 21, 1996, an explosion occurred in *** the Humberto Vidal Building in San Juan, Puerto Rico. The explosion resulted in fatalities, bodily injuries and damage to the building and surrounding property. San Juan Gas Company, Inc. (San Juan Gas), an Enron affiliate, operated a propane/air distribution system in the vicinity, but did not provide service to the building. Enron, San Juan Gas, four affiliates and their insurance carriers were named as defendants, along with several third parties, including The Puerto Rico Aqueduct and Sewer Authority, Puerto Rico Telephone Company, Heath Consultants Incorporated, Humberto Vidal, Inc. and their insurance carriers, in numerous lawsuits filed in U.S. District Court for the District of Puerto Rico and the Superior Court of Puerto Rico. These suits seek damages for wrongful death, personal injury, business interruption and property damage allegedly caused by the explosion. After nearly four years without determining the cause of the explosion, all parties *** agreed not to litigate further that issue, but to move these suits toward settlements or trials to determine whether each plaintiff was injured as a result of the explosion and, if so, the lawful damages attributable to such injury. The defendants *** agreed on a fund for settlements or final awards. Numerous claims have been settled and ten cases involving 19 plaintiffs are scheduled for trail in the United States District Court beginning on December 10, 2001. No cases have yet been scheduled for trail in the Superior Court. Although no assurances can be given, Enron believes that the ultimate resolution of these matters will not have a material adverse effect on its financial position or results of operations.=20
____________
Find below the Litigation and Other Contingencies footnote from the the March 31, 2001 Form 10-Q.  Please update the section of the disclosure for which you are responsible for inclusion in the second quarter 2001 Form 10Q .  Also, please let me know if there are any new items that should be considered.
Please respond no later than Monday July 30.
Thanks,
Gary
3-6841
=09
3. LITIGATION AND OTHER CONTINGENCIES=20
Enron is a party to various claims and litigation, the significant items of which are discussed below. Although no assurances can be given, Enron believes, based on its experience to date and after considering appropriate reserves that have been established, that the ultimate resolution of such items, individually or in the aggregate, will not have a material adverse impact on Enron's financial position or results of operations.=20
Litigation. In 1995, several parties (the Plaintiffs) filed suit in Harris County District Court in Houston, Texas, against Intratex Gas Company (Intratex), Houston Pipe Line Company and Panhandle Gas Company (collectively, the Enron Defendants), each of which is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Enron. The Plaintiffs were either sellers or royalty owners under numerous gas purchase contracts with Intratex, many of which have terminated. Early in 1996, the case was severed by the Court into two matters to be tried (or otherwise resolved) separately. In the first matter, the Plaintiffs alleged that the Enron Defendants committed fraud and negligent misrepresentation in connection with the "Panhandle program," a special marketing program established in the early 1980s. This case was tried in October 1996 and resulted in a verdict for the Enron Defendants. In the second matter, the Plaintiffs allege that the Enron Defendants violated state regulatory requirements and certain gas purchase contracts by failing to take the Plaintiffs' gas ratably with other producers' gas at certain times between 1978 and 1988. The trial court certified a class action with respect to ratability claims. On March 9, 2000, the Texas Supreme Court ruled that the trial court's class certification was improper and remanded the case to the trial court. The Enron Defendants deny the Plaintiffs' claims and have asserted various affirmative defenses, including the statute of limitations. The Enron Defendants believe that they have strong legal and factual defenses, and intend to vigorously contest the claims. Although no assurances can be given, Enron believes that the ultimate resolution of these matters will not have a material adverse effect on its financial position or results of operations.=20
On November 21, 1996, an explosion occurred in or around the Humberto Vidal Building in San Juan, Puerto Rico. The explosion resulted in fatalities, bodily injuries and damage to the building and surrounding property. San Juan Gas Company, Inc. (San Juan Gas), an Enron affiliate, operated a propane/air distribution system in the vicinity, but did not provide service to the building. Enron, San Juan Gas, four affiliates and their insurance carriers were named as defendants, along with several third parties, including The Puerto Rico Aqueduct and Sewer Authority, Puerto Rico Telephone Company, Heath Consultants Incorporated, Humberto Vidal, Inc. and their insurance carriers, in numerous lawsuits filed in U.S. District Court for the District of Puerto Rico and the Superior Court of Puerto Rico. These suits seek damages for wrongful death, personal injury, business interruption and property damage allegedly caused by the explosion. After nearly four years without determining the cause of the explosion, all parties have agreed not to litigate further that issue, but to move these suits toward settlements or trials to determine whether each plaintiff was injured as a result of the explosion and, if so, the lawful damages attributable to such injury. The defendants have agreed on a fund for settlements or final awards. Numerous claims have been settled. Although no assurances can be given, Enron believes that the ultimate resolution of these matters will not have a material adverse effect on its financial position or results of operations.=20
Trojan Investment Recovery. In early 1993, Portland General Electric (PGE) ceased commercial operation of the Trojan nuclear power generating facility. The Oregon Public Utility Commission (OPUC) granted PGE, through a general rate order, recovery of, and a return on, 87 percent of its remaining investment in Trojan.=20
The OPUC's general rate order related to Trojan has been subject to litigation in various state courts, including rulings by the Oregon Court of Appeals and petitions to the Oregon Supreme Court filed by parties opposed to the OPUC's order, including the Utility Reform Project(URP) and the Citizens Utility Board (CUB).=20
In August 2000, PGE entered into agreements with the CUB and the staff of the OPUC to settle the litigation related to PGE's recovery of its investment in the Trojan plant. Under the agreements, the CUB agreed to withdraw from the litigation and to support the settlement as the means to resolve the Trojan litigation. The OPUC approved the accounting and ratemaking elements of the settlement on September 29, 2000. As a result of these approvals, PGE's investment in Trojan is no longer included in rates charged to customers, either through a return on or a return of that investment. Collection of ongoing decommissioning costs at Trojan is not affected by the settlement agreements or the September 29, 2000 OPUC order. With the CUB's withdrawal, the URP is the one remaining significant adverse party in the litigation. The URP has indicated that it plans to continue to challenge the OPUC order allowing PGE recovery of and a return on its investment in Trojan.=20
Enron cannot predict the outcome of these actions. Although no assurances can be given, Enron believes that the ultimate resolution of these matters will not have a material adverse effect on its financial position or results of operations.=20
Environmental Matters. Enron is subject to extensive federal, state and local environmental laws and regulations. These laws and regulations require expenditures in connection with the construction of new facilities, the operation of existing facilities and for remediation at various operating sites. The implementation of the Clean Air Act Amendments is expected to result in increased operating expenses. These increased operating expenses are not expected to have a material impact on Enron's financial position or results of operations. Enron's natural gas pipeline companies conduct soil and groundwater remediation on a number of their facilities. Enron does not expect to incur material expenditures in connection with soil and groundwater remediation.
I gave this to Michelle Cash.
Please see attached memo.
We now have a refund order from FERC which I have not yet  read. The issue of ENA's liability is, as you would guess, complicated. Are we still on track for a short meeting to discuss?
=09Richard,  see below:
9.  RECENT DEVELOPMENTS
Developments in the California Power Market.  During
2000, prices for wholesale electricity in California
significantly increased as a result of a combination of
factors, including higher natural gas prices, reduction in
available hydroelectric generation resources, increased
demand, over-reliance on the spot market for electricity and
limitations on supply.  California's regulatory regime
instituted in 1996 permitted wholesale price increases but
froze retail prices below market levels.  The resulting
disparity between costs of supply and customer revenues
caused two of California's public utilities, Pacific Gas &
Electric Company (PG&E) and Southern California Edison
Company (SCE), to accrue substantial unrecovered wholesale
power costs and certain obligations related to the
difference between third party power purchase costs and
frozen rates charged to retail customers.  PG&E and SCE have
defaulted on or are challenging payments owed for certain
outstanding obligations, including wholesale power purchased
through the California Power Exchange (the Power Exchange),
from the California Independent System Operator (the
Independent System Operator), and from qualifying
facilities.  In addition, PG&E and the Power Exchange each
have filed a voluntary petition for bankruptcy.
Various legislative, regulatory and legal remedies to the
energy situation in California have been implemented or are
being pursued, and may result in restructuring of markets in
California and elsewhere.  Additional initiatives are likely
at the Federal, state and local level, but it is not
possible to predict their outcome at this time.
Enron has entered into a variety of transactions with
California utilities, the Power Exchange, the Independent
System Operator, end users of energy in California, and
other third parties, and is owed amounts by certain of these
entities.  Enron has established reserves related to such
activities and believes that the combination of such
reserves in accounts receivables and price risk management
assets and other credit offsets with such parties are
adequate to cover its exposure to developments in the
California power market.  Due to the uncertainties involved,
the ultimate outcome of the California power situation
cannot be predicted, but Enron believes these matters will
not have a material adverse impact on Enron's financial
condition or results of operations.
India.  Enron indirectly owns 50% of the net voting
interest in Dabhol Power Company (Dabhol), which owns a 740
megawatt power plant and is developing an additional 1,444
megawatt power plant together with an LNG regasification
facility in India.  Enron accounts for its investment in
Dabhol under the equity methodand the debt of Dabhol is non-
recourse to Enron.  Dabhol has been in dispute with the
Maharashtra State Electricity Board (MSEB), the purchaser of
power from Dabhol, and the Government of Maharashtra (GOM)
and the federal government of India (GOI), the guarantors of
payments by the MSEB pursuant to the terms and conditions of
the power purchase agreements (PPA) and the other project
documents.  The contract disputes relate principally to the
failure by the MSEB to pay certain capacity and energy
payments under the PPA, and the failure of the GOM and GOI
to satisfy certain guarantee obligations under the project
documents.  There is no assurance that Dabhol will be able
to resolve such disputes to its favor and to successfully
collect on and to enforce any judgment or settlement.
However, Dabhol believes that the MSEB's actions are in
clear violation of the terms of the PPA, and Dabhol intends
to pursue all available legal remedies under the project
documents.  Accordingly, Enron does not believe that any
contract dispute related to Dabhol would have a material
adverse impact on Enron's financial condition or results of
operations.
Termination of Portland General Sales Agreement.  On
April 26, 2001, Enron announced that the previously
disclosed agreement to sell Portland General to Sierra
Pacific Resources had been terminated by the mutual consent
of both parties because the effect of developments in
California and Nevada on the purchaser had made completion
of the transaction impractical.
Gary:  I'm back in town, but will be out tomorrow (Friday) and Monday next week.  Will be in all next week after Monday.  Thanks
Richard,
We will need to revisit the California issue with Rex before filing the 10Q.  I will schedule a meeting after Rex and Bob Butts get back into town.
Gary
Are we doing anything on California and do you need my input?
The Rio Piedras Explosion Litigation note needs to be updated. My suggested note follows with deletions being noted by "***" and additions noted in bold.  Please let me know if you have any questions are comments.
____________=20
On November 21, 1996, an explosion occurred in *** the Humberto Vidal Building in San Juan, Puerto Rico. The explosion resulted in fatalities, bodily injuries and damage to the building and surrounding property. San Juan Gas Company, Inc. (San Juan Gas), an Enron affiliate, operated a propane/air distribution system in the vicinity, but did not provide service to the building. Enron, San Juan Gas, four affiliates and their insurance carriers were named as defendants, along with several third parties, including The Puerto Rico Aqueduct and Sewer Authority, Puerto Rico Telephone Company, Heath Consultants Incorporated, Humberto Vidal, Inc. and their insurance carriers, in numerous lawsuits filed in U.S. District Court for the District of Puerto Rico and the Superior Court of Puerto Rico. These suits seek damages for wrongful death, personal injury, business interruption and property damage allegedly caused by the explosion. After nearly four years without determining the cause of the explosion, all parties *** agreed not to litigate further that issue, but to move these suits toward settlements or trials to determine whether each plaintiff was injured as a result of the explosion and, if so, the lawful damages attributable to such injury. The defendants *** agreed on a fund for settlements or final awards. Numerous claims have been settled and ten cases involving 19 plaintiffs are scheduled for trail in the United States District Court beginning on December 10, 2001. No cases have yet been scheduled for trail in the Superior Court. Although no assurances can be given, Enron believes that the ultimate resolution of these matters will not have a material adverse effect on its financial position or results of operations.=20
____________
Find below the Litigation and Other Contingencies footnote from the the March 31, 2001 Form 10-Q.  Please update the section of the disclosure for which you are responsible for inclusion in the second quarter 2001 Form 10Q .  Also, please let me know if there are any new items that should be considered.
Please respond no later than Monday July 30.
Thanks,
Gary
3-6841
=09
3. LITIGATION AND OTHER CONTINGENCIES=20
Enron is a party to various claims and litigation, the significant items of which are discussed below. Although no assurances can be given, Enron believes, based on its experience to date and after considering appropriate reserves that have been established, that the ultimate resolution of such items, individually or in the aggregate, will not have a material adverse impact on Enron's financial position or results of operations.=20
Litigation. In 1995, several parties (the Plaintiffs) filed suit in Harris County District Court in Houston, Texas, against Intratex Gas Company (Intratex), Houston Pipe Line Company and Panhandle Gas Company (collectively, the Enron Defendants), each of which is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Enron. The Plaintiffs were either sellers or royalty owners under numerous gas purchase contracts with Intratex, many of which have terminated. Early in 1996, the case was severed by the Court into two matters to be tried (or otherwise resolved) separately. In the first matter, the Plaintiffs alleged that the Enron Defendants committed fraud and negligent misrepresentation in connection with the "Panhandle program," a special marketing program established in the early 1980s. This case was tried in October 1996 and resulted in a verdict for the Enron Defendants. In the second matter, the Plaintiffs allege that the Enron Defendants violated state regulatory requirements and certain gas purchase contracts by failing to take the Plaintiffs' gas ratably with other producers' gas at certain times between 1978 and 1988. The trial court certified a class action with respect to ratability claims. On March 9, 2000, the Texas Supreme Court ruled that the trial court's class certification was improper and remanded the case to the trial court. The Enron Defendants deny the Plaintiffs' claims and have asserted various affirmative defenses, including the statute of limitations. The Enron Defendants believe that they have strong legal and factual defenses, and intend to vigorously contest the claims. Although no assurances can be given, Enron believes that the ultimate resolution of these matters will not have a material adverse effect on its financial position or results of operations.=20
On November 21, 1996, an explosion occurred in or around the Humberto Vidal Building in San Juan, Puerto Rico. The explosion resulted in fatalities, bodily injuries and damage to the building and surrounding property. San Juan Gas Company, Inc. (San Juan Gas), an Enron affiliate, operated a propane/air distribution system in the vicinity, but did not provide service to the building. Enron, San Juan Gas, four affiliates and their insurance carriers were named as defendants, along with several third parties, including The Puerto Rico Aqueduct and Sewer Authority, Puerto Rico Telephone Company, Heath Consultants Incorporated, Humberto Vidal, Inc. and their insurance carriers, in numerous lawsuits filed in U.S. District Court for the District of Puerto Rico and the Superior Court of Puerto Rico. These suits seek damages for wrongful death, personal injury, business interruption and property damage allegedly caused by the explosion. After nearly four years without determining the cause of the explosion, all parties have agreed not to litigate further that issue, but to move these suits toward settlements or trials to determine whether each plaintiff was injured as a result of the explosion and, if so, the lawful damages attributable to such injury. The defendants have agreed on a fund for settlements or final awards. Numerous claims have been settled. Although no assurances can be given, Enron believes that the ultimate resolution of these matters will not have a material adverse effect on its financial position or results of operations.=20
Trojan Investment Recovery. In early 1993, Portland General Electric (PGE) ceased commercial operation of the Trojan nuclear power generating facility. The Oregon Public Utility Commission (OPUC) granted PGE, through a general rate order, recovery of, and a return on, 87 percent of its remaining investment in Trojan.=20
The OPUC's general rate order related to Trojan has been subject to litigation in various state courts, including rulings by the Oregon Court of Appeals and petitions to the Oregon Supreme Court filed by parties opposed to the OPUC's order, including the Utility Reform Project(URP) and the Citizens Utility Board (CUB).=20
In August 2000, PGE entered into agreements with the CUB and the staff of the OPUC to settle the litigation related to PGE's recovery of its investment in the Trojan plant. Under the agreements, the CUB agreed to withdraw from the litigation and to support the settlement as the means to resolve the Trojan litigation. The OPUC approved the accounting and ratemaking elements of the settlement on September 29, 2000. As a result of these approvals, PGE's investment in Trojan is no longer included in rates charged to customers, either through a return on or a return of that investment. Collection of ongoing decommissioning costs at Trojan is not affected by the settlement agreements or the September 29, 2000 OPUC order. With the CUB's withdrawal, the URP is the one remaining significant adverse party in the litigation. The URP has indicated that it plans to continue to challenge the OPUC order allowing PGE recovery of and a return on its investment in Trojan.=20
Enron cannot predict the outcome of these actions. Although no assurances can be given, Enron believes that the ultimate resolution of these matters will not have a material adverse effect on its financial position or results of operations.=20
Environmental Matters. Enron is subject to extensive federal, state and local environmental laws and regulations. These laws and regulations require expenditures in connection with the construction of new facilities, the operation of existing facilities and for remediation at various operating sites. The implementation of the Clean Air Act Amendments is expected to result in increased operating expenses. These increased operating expenses are not expected to have a material impact on Enron's financial position or results of operations. Enron's natural gas pipeline companies conduct soil and groundwater remediation on a number of their facilities. Enron does not expect to incur material expenditures in connection with soil and groundwater remediation.
what does this mean?
You have more than 2 report(s) with receipts outstanding
You are only allowed 2 reports with receipts outstanding.  Your expense reports will not be paid until you meet this requirement.
Jim--- I have talked to Tim. He is ok. Call me if you have any Q's.
With the FERC evidentiary hearings coming up soon for California and with investigations into NW power markets I want to make sure that the litigation team's activities and government affair's activities are coordinated.  Is this being done?  Is there a formal process?  If there are data issues or data that you need I would like to get those issues on the table right now.  Specifically, do we have all of the data that we need (for both of your purposes) and do the people on the litigation team have a detailed understanding of this data?  There are only a few people who understand how all of our data fits together and what each type of transaction means.  As the investigation move from Californa to the Northwest markets I may have to get other people from the desk involved.
Tim
This is our judge in Sacramento.
FYI.
Thank you.
jane
Jane Chen
Brobeck, Phleger & Harrison, LLP
Assistant to Gary Fergus & Kirstin Wolf
SF ext. 2944
SF rm. 2917c
DD (415) 979-2944
Judge Kobayashi.sacto.pdf
- Judge Kobayashi.sacto.pdf 
Should I do anything about this. It is getting ridiculous.
Anthony Duenner's group is headquartered in Singapore.  Anthony and Fred Cohagan are in Singapore (with about three or four others, including a new government affairs  person).  Anthony also has people in Tokyo (1), Sydney (2) and Seoul (2).  I think it would be great if you could include them in your training.  I'd be happy to help you coordinate with Anthony and Fred.  Thanks, Michelle
Michelle what EBS locations in Asia need FCPA training?  I am in the process of planning training  for Korea and perhaps China in August as requested  by Darrel Kinder and others and would like to coordinate the effort to train as many people as possible to be more efficient.
Thanks,
Michelle
FYI.
Thank you.
jane
Jane Chen
Brobeck, Phleger & Harrison, LLP
Assistant to Gary Fergus & Kirstin Wolf
SF ext. 2944
SF rm. 2917c
DD (415) 979-2944
Judge Robertson.sfsuperior.pdf
- Judge Robertson.sfsuperior.pdf 
Judge Whaley's decision granting the plaintiffs' remand motions is attached.
Judge Whaley held that, while the filed rate doctrine may well constitute an
"absolute defense,"  it does not support complete preemption sufficient to
provide federal jurisdiction.  While not the result we wanted, that aspect
of the decision was not unexpected.  Also, at several points, Judge Whaley
confirmed the "central and controlling role" the federal government plays in
the regulation of wholesale energy issues.
Unfortunately, the decision also includes Judge Whaley's view that
plaintiffs can state claims under the Cartwright Act and UCL statute
"without alleging or establishing that the electric rates charged were not
'just and reasonable'". Decision at 14-16.   While not binding on the state
court, plaintiffs will no doubt seek to make use of these and other portions
of Judge Whaley's decision to oppose our state court pleading challenge.
I'll set up a conference call in the next day or so to discuss status and
approach in light of the remand decision.
.
 Part 1 of 2 (pages 1-16); Part 2 of 2 (pages 17-19)