FYI.  Note below that even the mighty and powerful Power Authority's own crackerjack analysis asserts that there is still a net short (despite DWR contracts and DA "stampede"), which should leave one to believe that, contrary to Angelides' letter, the more the DA the better. Which further supports Loretta Lynch's response to the Angelides' letter that DA reduces the amount of spot power DWR has to buy.
Best,
Jeff
CONSUMER POWER AND CONSERVATION FINANCING AUTHORITY 
Pace of Power Authority Renewable Portfolio Agenda is Slowed 
Quite possibly the most significant action taken at the October 19 Consumer Power and Conservation Financing Authority (Power Authority) was its inaction on contracts proposed for approval. The Power Authority has aggressively pursued a broad renewable portfolio, with the intent to approve contracts as soon as possible. 
Instead of approving a number of contracts on its October 19 agenda, the Power Authority deferred calendared decisions on request for bids until its November 2 meeting, acknowledging that no action can be taken until the Department of Water Resources (DWR) rate agreement stalemate has been resolved. 
Chairman Freeman stated that the Public Utility Commission's rejection of the rate agreement has created an obstacle for the Power Authority to exercise renewable contracts, to contract for peaker generation and/or to implement demand side programs. The Power Authority relies upon DWR's credit to fund these programs, and until a rate agreement is finalized the Power Authority cannot sign contracts. 
Freeman indicated that the Power Authority has signed letters of intent to purchase output from 14 biomass facilities in the Central Valley, as well as 400 MW generated by wind. 
With the Current Glut of Contracts, Why Do We Need Additional Reserves? 
Kellan Flukinger, Senior Advisor to Chairman Freeman and Laura Doll, provided a detailed presentation explaining why he believes the Power Authority must contract for additional renewable and peaking generation. Flukinger believes that despite direct access and the current glut of electricity supplied in long-term contracts, there still appears to be a net short of a few thousand megawatts within the State. 
Flukinger concluded that the State still is at the mercy of electric generators who are not subject to PUC regulatory authority and who have no real obligation to build and maintain new facilities or to serve customers within the State. He believes that the short-term contracts and spot purchases leave the state vulnerable to price-spikes and supply shortages. He believes that the reserve can be managed through Time-of-Use and Real-Time-Pricing, conservation, interruptibles, demand side management, renewables and peakers. 
Power Authority Names William Barry as Chief Financial Officer 
William Barry was approved as Chief Financial Officer of the Power Authority at its October 19 Board meeting in Sacramento. Mr. Barry currently works for the City of San Francisco, and has worked in the past for the New York Power Authority.
Barry:
Good to meet you last week.  I'm out of the office until Monday, but will get on this as soon as I return.  Of this group, Dynegy is involved in the State Senate's investigation.
Best,
Jeff
Jeff, further to our conversation... this is the list of companies that have entered into contractual agreements with the DWR. I don't know if this means they have transaction but perhaps between Kim Ward and yourself, you can advise.
What I need to know is the legal status/issues ( if any ) of any of the companies listed here today as it relates to the state of California. 
Pan Canadian Energy Services, Occidental Energy Marketing, Dynegy Marketing and Trading , Texaco Natural Gas, BP Amoco, and Coast Energy Group. 
Can you advise If any of these companies form part of ongoing legal action against the state?
Once I know this, then we can decide on a plan what we should discuss with Mark Baldwin.
Thanks in advance. 
BT  
This is the last straw:
Peace just called to thank us for resolving the contempt issue.  He then went on ad nauseum--and I mean nauseum--about just about everything in the world.  Unreal.
I told him that in exchange, we expected him to get rid of Bill Lockyear.
Richard:  He complained a little about Kirby.  I told him Kirby was worth his weight in gold.
Best,
Jeff
You get a hold of Bob Williams?
Hey, I was wrong. I went back and checked.  DA got as high as about 16% of total load in May 2000.  On January 1 (contracry to Herr Angelides' letter), DA was about 7.3% of load.  On February 1 it was 3.5%.
Best,
Jeff
this is true.  good point.
Yes, yes, but the CPA wants to build plants to fill that net short, so it's NOT good.
FYI.  Note below that even the mighty and powerful Power Authority's own
crackerjack analysis asserts that there is still a net short (despite
DWR contracts and DA "stampede"), which should leave one to believe
that, contrary to Angelides' letter, the more the DA the better. Which
further supports Loretta Lynch's response to the Angelides' letter that
DA reduces the amount of spot power DWR has to buy.
Best,
Jeff
CONSUMER POWER AND CONSERVATION FINANCING AUTHORITY 
Pace of Power Authority Renewable Portfolio Agenda is Slowed 
Quite possibly the most significant action taken at the October 19
Consumer Power and Conservation Financing Authority (Power Authority)
was its inaction on contracts proposed for approval. The Power Authority
has aggressively pursued a broad renewable portfolio, with the intent to
approve contracts as soon as possible. 
Instead of approving a number of contracts on its October 19 agenda, the
Power Authority deferred calendared decisions on request for bids until
its November 2 meeting, acknowledging that no action can be taken until
the Department of Water Resources (DWR) rate agreement stalemate has
been resolved. 
Chairman Freeman stated that the Public Utility Commission's rejection
of the rate agreement has created an obstacle for the Power Authority to
exercise renewable contracts, to contract for peaker generation and/or
to implement demand side programs. The Power Authority relies upon DWR's
credit to fund these programs, and until a rate agreement is finalized
the Power Authority cannot sign contracts. 
Freeman indicated that the Power Authority has signed letters of intent
to purchase output from 14 biomass facilities in the Central Valley, as
well as 400 MW generated by wind. 
With the Current Glut of Contracts, Why Do We Need Additional Reserves? 
Kellan Flukinger, Senior Advisor to Chairman Freeman and Laura Doll,
provided a detailed presentation explaining why he believes the Power
Authority must contract for additional renewable and peaking generation.
Flukinger believes that despite direct access and the current glut of
electricity supplied in long-term contracts, there still appears to be a
net short of a few thousand megawatts within the State. 
Flukinger concluded that the State still is at the mercy of electric
generators who are not subject to PUC regulatory authority and who have
no real obligation to build and maintain new facilities or to serve
customers within the State. He believes that the short-term contracts
and spot purchases leave the state vulnerable to price-spikes and supply
shortages. He believes that the reserve can be managed through
Time-of-Use and Real-Time-Pricing, conservation, interruptibles, demand
side management, renewables and peakers. 
Power Authority Names William Barry as Chief Financial Officer 
William Barry was approved as Chief Financial Officer of the Power
Authority at its October 19 Board meeting in Sacramento. Mr. Barry
currently works for the City of San Francisco, and has worked in the
past for the New York Power Authority.
FYI.  Here's a note I sent to the large customers.  Have spoken with them since.  They are going to write a nasty letter in response to Angelides.  Also, it does not appear that the PUC can act at this meeting on the retroactivity issue--appears that due process/notice requirements prevents it.  We're double checking to make sure.
Best,
Jeff
I'm sure that by now everyone's seen the letter that Angelides sent to Loretta last Friday.  If you haven't, let me know and I'll have it faxed to you.  In short, Angelides blames all of the financial woes of the State on Loretta and the PUC.  Specifically, he claims that by allowing DA sign-ups to extend to September 20th, the PUC may have shifted over $8 billion to "homeowners, small businesses, and other enterprises..."  Angelides ends the lettery by urging the Commission to immediately roll back the DA suspension date to July 1.
The concern, of course, is that Angelides' assertions are out there and have received alot of press attention, i.e., Direct Access=$8 billion tax on homeowners 
To her credit, Loretta refuted Angelides in the press accounts and repeated that the best way to get costs down is to renegotiate the DWR contracts.  She also said in the press accounts that she intends to deal with the July 1/September 20 suspension issue at the next commission meeting.
In light of these events (and the increasing attacks on Loretta by Angelides and others in the Administration) It might be useful to give Loretta an assist by drafting a very brief letter to her stating:
Angelides is all wet--DA and "fairness" are not mutually exclusive and the PUC has all the regulatory tools necessary to ensure fairness is maintained going forward.  Thus, the 8 plus billion dollar number is without basis.
Re-stating that the PUC has no legal authority to retroactively suspend DA to July 1, etc., etc.
Folks may have other points to make.  Seems that we'd want to keep the letter short and to the point, however 
A letter might be useful in order to 1) give Loretta some support and 2) get some counter-press in response to the Angelides tantrum.
Any thoughts 
Best,
Jeff
congratulations.  just more evidence that regulation moves with lightening speed!
Vindication!  It just took the Commission a little while to see the
error of their ways.  Kudos to TURN!
Thanks for the news, Jeanne!
Mona
Almost two years after issuing a decision in PG&E's GRC, the Commission
issued it rehearing order on October 16th and, lo and behold, actually
granted TURN's rehearing request in part.  The overall result is to
reduce
the capital revenue requirement by $24.8 million and expenses by $37.3
million.  In addition, some portion of PG&E' estimated $171 million in
electric distribution capital spending will be subject to rehearing.
Listed  below are the areas in which the Commission granted rehearing.
1.  Electric Distribution Capital Spending.    The Commission will, in
essence, reopen the record, and allow PG&E to put into evidence how much
it
invested in its electric distribution plant in 1998.  PG&E had used a
1998
forecasted amt of capital expenditures to develop its test year
forecast.
TURN argued that there was substantial evidence on the record that this
amount was never spent. PG&E argued that the record closed prior to the
end
of 1998 so the best it could do was an estimate.  On rehearing, the
Commission agreed with TURN, that there was evidence that the forecasted
amount was never spent, so they are allowing PG&E to prove it.  The
rehearing order states that any rates that are raised based on the
electric
distribution capital forecast adopted the GRC decision  may be subject
to
refund.
2.  Emergency Response Work This work category under electric
distribution
capital spending was reduced by $17.2 million.
3.  Vegetation Management. The Supplemental Tree Trimming Program was
reduced by $9.2 million.
4.  Meter Reading.  PG&E had primarily used accounting changes to
justify
the large increase in this service.  On rehearing the Commission stated
that
PG&E had failed to substantiate those changes and reduced the allowed
amount
by $7.9 million.
5. Account Services.  On rehearing the commission stated that PG&E had
failed to show (a) why it cost so much more to provide services to CIA
customers  than residential customers ( $43.30 vs. $10.20); and (b) that
money was not going for marketing activities that the Commission had
disallowed in the previous GRC.  The result was that the commission
disallowed $20 million.
6.  Customer Information Systems.  The Commission disallowed $7.2
million as
funds which ratepayers had already expended for CIS  rewrites for which
they
had not received any benefits 
I'd like to do everything but the decking for the deck.  We can hold off on that.  In addition, I may have some "salvaged" redwood decking I may want to add to the mix once I get ready to install the decking.
Best,
Jeff
Jeff,
The cost of materials includes the bridge, should I order redwood for the deck amd have it delivered?
Best wishes,
Jim D.
"Dasovich, Jeff" wrote:
 Sorry.  Haven't been around.  I definitely want to move forward.  I'll
 respond more fully if more is needed, but the short of it is, I'd like
 to do the entire job except for the decking.  Ready to start when you
 are.  Can you tell me what you expect the total to be (labor +
 materials), understanding that it's an estimate and not a firm price.
 Also, I'm assuming that the cost for the materials that you quoted
 include the "bridge" to the cabin?  Will, of course, want the bridge to
 the cabin planked.  If you have any questions, let me know.  Really
 appreciate your efforts.  Looking forward to getting started.  Hope all
 finds you well.